I THE CULT OF HOCUS-POCUS. Thc-ru are thoso who cliiim to discern, at tins century end, ;Iu* :i::\YU of a new Ago of 1?aitli. Whether they ;iro right or wrong need not be discussed at present. I!lit there can at least be no doubt that society, in its eternal quest of diversion, has lately seen lit to inaugurate a new Age of Credulity. A perver.se and sen sation-loving generation, tired of the amusement of plucking out the heart of every mystery, has sought, relief and variety in a reckless reaction of miscel laneous superstition. Not so long ago we found delight in explaining away nil ilie ghost-stories 011 the grounds of pure reason, and chortled in our joy when some wretched spirit " medium" -was challenged to make good his preten sions and exhibit his supernatural powers amid the unpropitious surround ings of a metropolitan police court. To-day, grown weary of our pose of enlightened scepticism, we. welcome pro fessional dealers in "psychical" tom foolery with open arms, and present the freedom of onr drawing-rooms to every variety of mystical quack. Bond street sibyls drive a trade of .which Lily or Nostradamus would not have been ashamed, aud the whole tribe of astro logers, palmists, crystal-gazers, and diviners waxes fat and flourishes as if the clock of the world's progress had been put back a few centuries. But this is not all ; for the new craze for dabbling in old magic refuses to satisfy, itself with the consultation of seers and star-gazers. Their restored popularity is beingaceom panied by the resuscitation o£ all kinds of small superstitions to which, only a few years ago, nobody would have dared to make open profession of attachment. Oharms, annulet1-', and talismans are already having Iheir share in this extraordinary revival, and lint! in creasing favor among the faithful 1 of the new cult, who will assuro you with grave effrontery that they have proved their "luclc" to he vitally in fluenced. by these fetishes. Nor is this particular phase of absurdity confined entirely to tho trinkct-weariug sex, for there are not wanting men who cherish a collection tif drilled coins with sciupulous care, and who would be seriously per turbed if their "lucky money" were missing on the eve of any important undertaking. Women, however, are un doubtedly the worst victims of this form of mental affliction, and the loss of some cabalistic bauble in which they have put their trust will suffice to fill tlietn with the direst forebodings of impending calamity. "With such, the mere discovery of an omission to put ou the special ring, or charm, or jewel in which these fateful properties are supposed to reside is enough to spoil the pleasure of the inobt enjoyable of social functions; and there are those who are not ashamed to confess that they would as soon wear a boa-constrictor round their necks as an ornament, of pearls. It would not so much matter if there were nothing more in all this than in any other spasmodic outbreak of social silliness. The worst of this superstition craze is its power of entailing acute discomfort upon its devotees and their friends. The most amiable of hostesses can hardly be expected, for instance, to learn with resignation that one or other of her guests " really daren't sit down to table you know," until the "lucky" trinket which sho has forgotten is fetched by special messenger-a situa tion involving the heartbreaking alter native of a spoilt dinner or a spoilt party. "With tho vogue of the amulets and talismans, too, is returning that of the various oruens aud portents that claimed the homage of mediaeval credulity; and it is an exasperating fact that the great majority of these " signs " are pro phetic of disaster. From the list of such revivals the thirteen at table tradition may fairly be omitted, for it has to be owned that this, at least, has managed to maintain its influence unimpaired, even when its kindred beliefs and legends have been at their lowest point of discredit. Even among those who re solutely withstand the new movement, and are as contemptuous as ever of all other forms of superstition, there are very many-probably a majority-who would incontinently draw the line if invited to dine with twelve other persons, or who would at least comply with severe inward qualms if constrained to do so by anxiety to save appearances. The " thirteen" superstition, indeerl, has somehow been successful in asserting its vitality, both in this and in other connections, to an extent that has in 110 way been affected by the efforts of those who imagined that its life could be beaten out of it by tho agency of a " Thirteen Club." In a less degree, the " Friday " legend has shown something of the same tenacity; but these have been exceptional survivals, among educated people, of the countless traditions of a similar nature and purport which were once accepted, as the theologians say, " alwaj's, everywhere, and by all." If the retired superstitions and omens, or even some of them, are to have a fresh term of uctivc service uow and in the iin* mediate future, it is to be feared that we are in for an era of individual and col lective discomfort, the rigors of which can hardly have been realised in advance by the promoters of the new craze. The story of the victim of credulity who stepped from the pavement to the road way to escape the " ill-luck'' incurred by walking under a ladder, and was forth with run over by a cab, has a moral which may be usefully commended to those who are seeking amusement in the revival of similar imieantinns ixminst init.nwnvd 