CHAPTER LVIII.—A STRANGE DUEL. .a. man was going through the moun tains at a swinging pace, a deer which he had just shot swung across his shoulders, and its weight, with that of his rifle, not seeming to distress him in the least as he trudged through the snow, a foot in depth. He wound his way along a valley, then turned off into a canyon, and coming to the end of if*, halted before the door of a small log cabin, built over the entrance to a rocky cavern forming a chamber in the overhanging cliff. The man had not noticed that he was watched, that there was a horseman slowly following upon his trail. But such was the case, and tho horse man halted in the canyon not two hun dred feet from the little cabin, and sat upon his horse quietly watching the movements of the one he was tracking. He saw the man hang the deer upon a tree near his cabin, throw open the door of his little house, and soon the ruddy glare of a fire was visible, reveal ing the interior and cavern chamber. The horseman gazed fixedly at the one he had followed, and saw a man clad in buckskin, from moccasins to cap. He saw a stalwart form, a face darkly bronzed, long hair and beard turning grey, and one who had the appearance of living the life of a hermit in those dreary mountains. The Hermit went to cut a chunk of venison from the carcase of the deer, and then for the first time he saw the horseman. "What he saw was a snow white horse, as the animal appeared to be, and a rider enveloped in a robe re sembling a shroud. “Ha! tracked at last. This infernal masquerading in the disguise of ghosts shall end here and now,”, shouted the Hermit; and lie sprang into his cabin for his rifle. lieturning, he saw that the white horseman sat motionless, his hands raised above his head, a mute appeal for mercy. But the Hermit was as good as his word. He seemed to suspect some trick, and disregarding the silent token of sur render, he threw his rifle to his shoulder and fired. Instantly the uplifted arms were lowered, there was a. quick movement, and a returning flash and report just as the Hermit was about to fire a second time. With a cry the Hermit staggered backward, clutching at his cabin door, and clinging there, drew a revolver from his belt. But all grew dark before his eyes, and reeling, he fell in the snow, just as the spectre-like horseman dashed up, threw himself from his saddle, and said:' "Is it surrender, old man, or shall we fight a duel to the death?”. The eyes of the Hermit opened, and were fixed upon the white-robed form before him, the weird, death-face mask, and he said : “You are the victor, and I the van quished, for I am helpless. But ere you finish your work I should like to know if you are human enough to obey the bidding of a man to whom you have given his death-wound; for I have much to- say before death seals my lips.” The words were spoken slowly, and tvltli an effort, but the reply came quickly : “I will gladly do anything I can for you. I fired to wound, not to kill you, and it was in self-defence; for I raised my arms in token of surrender, and you sent a bullet through my robe.” “Why did you come here?” “To learn who and what you are that you so closely haunt the track of the Monarch of the Mountains?” “To bring him to the gallows, for he' deserves it ten, yes a thousandfold,” was I the savage reply of the Hermit. j “Ah! he has wronged you, then?" “Ay, me and mine—cruelly wronged me and many others, and he deserves to die.” “Who are you?" “Who are you?” was the stern rejoin “I am called by some men the Ghost of the Mountains; by the Indians the Sepetre of the Haunted Fort.” “Yes; ard I have dogged your trail as I have that of the man calling him self the Monarch of the Mountains, and yet I could never track you or him to your lair. I could have killed him and you again and again, but that would not suit my purpose, so I waited. Alas! I did wrong; for now I am helpless, and my foes are the ones who triumph.” “Well, I am not your foe, if the Mon arch of the Mountains is. I am the foe of outlaws, but of no honest man; and if I am here in the mountains now it is for a purpose. But first let me see to your wound, for though I believed it might be fatal when I saw you fall, now I hope that it is not. Come, trust me. and you will find me your friend, old man.” Touched by the words and the tone of the one bending over him, the Hermit “I will trust you. God grant my wound be not fatal.” “And I heartily say ‘Amen’ to your prayer,” responded the strange man; and he sprang to his feet, adding : “I. can and will save you, black as it all looks now for you, severely wounded in this drear place.” (To be concluded.) 