MAITLAND GAOL. A SOUL-SEARING SOMBRE SPULCHRE The Terrors of Neitenstein. Rotten Bules and Rigid Regulations, No Rest for the Wicked Bearing Burdens of Boorish Brutalities. The Doctor's Methods 'Not here for Treatment' but for Punish- ment The Curse of Official Despotism By an Ex-Inmate, J ALDERMAN JoaN Norton, in the course ol I hie brilliant speech in the Protectant Hall (Fitzroy Electorate) on the 25th ultimo. Asserted that one of the man/ duties that would, in justice to the people fall upon him bb their representative and champioa when a member ol the House of Legislature would bean attempt to obtain tteform of certain Laws dealing directly witn toe iioerues ot the people, and the existence ot which, in their present state, was a disgrace to any colonial Constitution. He referred directly in most scathing and oloquent terms, to the present Criminal Law Amendment Aot, whioh he characterised as a blot upon the progressiTO policy of an enlightened age and a disgrace unto the processed religions principles that are supposed to away the conditions of mankind, principles basad upon the doctrines of humauitarianism and supported by the teachings of the sympa thetic Nazarene. He alluded in strong denuueiatory terms to the injustice of the present laws, and pointed out many of their most murderous examples— examples marked by righteous popular indignation and protest. lie Instanced the gross miscarriage ot justice in the butchery of Frank Johns (a case well re membered by the Sydney public for its mercilessness), the strangling of Montgomery and Williams, the tragedy of Mount Beniue, and other offensive, brutal example*!, that left their criminally heartless reflections upon the fair field of right and justice In New South Wales. He showed iu plain but forcible exposition the brutality of the present criminal code. and. the still greater brutality of those iecherooe butchers who oppose their reformation, or sanction their existence by callouB indifference to the pro* testations of the People, and the righteous wrath of their indignation. Of the many reforms urgently needed in tbe government of the Statet Mr. Norton argued that the speedy reform of the criminal code was one that he intended to direct his earnest attention to, as the presence of such an infamous law was a blot upon the en* ightenment of the age, and a standing legalised menace onto the liberties of a free ^ Z&oie; who have from time to time gained a knowledge of Mr. Norton's capacity as expositor of existing evils, and who through that knowledge entertain high opinions regarding his various abilities, and who remember well the good work already per* ormed by him in municipal and journalistic spheres, where the potent power of his tongue and pen has had the effect of ex« posing a good many ot the corropt machi nations of a corruptly managed Constitution, will, the writer feels assured) be gratified by the continuance of the good work already performed in the greater scope offered in the Legislative Chamber of New South Wales. His election for the constituency of Fitzroy, is a reflection sot only of his worth, but also a protest from the great voice of the People, seeking for redress and justification, through tbe efforts of their Parliamentary representatives. £ have purpoBely mentioned the existence f these blood-smirched, brutish statutes, because I, as a victim, can speak only too positively and truthfully upon their absolute heinousness, and understand from that best nf all taortiAra Arrtpripnpn. thn ffmlinmi nf those poor wretches, who ate also victims, and who drag out their sickening existence in prison hells and purgatories, where 'Pale anguish keeps tbe heavy gate, And the warder is Despair.' Ia those frightful, joyless spaces of human life, behind those heavily-ironed gates, that stand like dividing bars between us and : worlds of melancholy misery, gates that open I down into regions where the pale ghost of i Sorrow walks hand in hand through the | cheerless corridors, with the still even paler ipirft of abandoned Hope, and ever- conscious Pespssr, Within those regions, shut ont 1 from the sympathy of a human heart, or ; from the touch of a loving hand, where *( Every day is like a year, A year whose days are long.' where poor, broken-down, hope-deserted, joyless, human wrecks watte to find misery in each golden mom, and dread in each darkened hour. Prison life should have much in common with the principles of modern humanity, or rather humaneness that should govern us in modern, merciful laws, but it hae, from what I have recently seen in Maitland Gaol, much mora in common with .inhumanity and official despotism. There, as in ail prisons in Her Majesty's dominions, every thing is 'rule and regulation,' and the man who forgets to salute the Governor in pasting, generally takes it out in seven days' solitary. The reader can understand from this how much sway a governor possesses, how much cringing subserviency is ladled out to him daily from the miserable, fettered wretches who bow low before the power of | his position. He can understand also, how, acting up to the examples set by these official autocrats, every-warder, soeking for position 1 and pay, gives the prisoners to understand the power he possesses, and makes thing* generally lively for the man who stops expostulate. In every gaol in the colony^ the name of Neitenstein is dreaded, and the name of R K O'Connor, of solitary confine ment law and Federal Convention fame, is absolutely loathed. If this pompous pirate for political honors was to spend one day and night within the solitude of a prison cell, surrounded by cold waits and semi-darkness, and cheerless sounds that strike deep into the heart and sear the sonl ; if he knew how young men and mere - hoys, pale and emaciated from their week's confinement, from their diet of bread and prater, stagger out into the light of more cheerful day, and devour rarenonsly the tn'ore substantial rations allowed them, he Would never have attempted to make more Revere the solitary confinement principle. And if Neitenstein, from his pinnaole of pfficlal power, stopped to reflect seriously upon life in these living graves, he would allow a little more Christian leniency to creep through the prison gates, and Bbow, in kindlier administration and more humane ^odes, something more of manliness and Something less of inhuman spleen. 1 do not ?peak wrongfully when 1 say that under bis supervision and dictation, the rules of each prison establishment have become so rigor ous that in many instances where Warders are blessed with a little human , mercy, the possibility of exercising it is denied them, and in consequence they are ashamed of the brntsd exterior they are com- ; pellod to assume. j . As mentioned before, Maitland Gaol is all . Irulesand regulations,' from the governor 0oira to the fly that flutters through tbe prison cells. The first-named makes it a rule to pay a visit of inspection throngh the fcaol at 10 every morning, and, faithful to In instinct of self-preservation, the fly gutters out of his road, it is then the arrant subserviency of tue prison officers strikes tbe visitor. Every man Jack of them touches his hat, not once but several times, -every prisoner does the. same. The warder on tbe lookout tower follows juit, grounds hiB rifle, and yells out 4 All krect, sor.' The prisoner who, tortured by rigorous regulations until « he is semi-mad and consequently grows refractory, finds vihe.ffflp ot the brawaj wardgr painful, and the smash of his is't in his face in the dark* nest more painful etill. He linds the prying | risits of the gorernor a torment ; and tbe zealous care of the warders, who take bis disconsolate looks as a standing menace to their safety, agitata him extremely. But prison discipline makes no distinction from a merciful or philosophical view of human nature, neither does it stop to consider or observe the coiditions that create criminals within the veiy precincts of the department that is supposed io reform them. War* ders and governors of gaols are not noted ior reBflarcn into toe inner aeptns oi too mental conditions ot life, nor do they clamor for a competent comprehension of the pos sibilitiesthatnmy b- contained in a fettered and tnanaclid frame. Neitensteins and O'Connors s're not Carlisles or Darwins; the average prisoner presents to them but one exterior that of criminality. And the logic of such men is, 'He is a criminal, therefore he must suffer,' and he suffers ac cordingly 'i bis ie chiefly ali the considera tion that the prisoner receives from men whose id as are ^ausied at so much per day, ort-o much per annum. Quoting the emphatic words ot a recently idischnrgcd prisoner, there are several mat ters in Maitland ' Farm ' that want shaking top. The prison laws want reforming, the regulations renovating, the circumstances teat govern the prison life want purifying. With tbe exception of two or three in b^occb, the warders are not mercifully inclined, and their voices ate little lesB cl^erlesa than the clang of the iron chains. 1 Enrywhere the rigor of Neitensteinic law iB jolt ; his handwriting is on the wall of 1 evaty cell, and written in its barbarity on the' inemoriee of each miserable heart. Since , the departure of that humane governor, Grab&me;, cruelty and inconsiderateness mavt the administration of Jackson, from Coctytoo Gaol. Where a little leniency ; crept/in beiore amongst the stringent rules, merciless rigor now takes its place. 'Seven days solitary ' is a standing award for the lea^t infringement of the rules. The feeling of in^curity extends every where— tbe warders feel it in the Extension, the prisoners iu their cells ; aud where a few smiles would ficiutill&te; through the gloom ot the aouU 1 searing sipulchrc, each passiug visage wears a pcrpetunl frown. In the darkness of tbe I corridors, in tbe bleakness of the cclls, the apparitioi of Neitenstein aud his servile follower, Jackson, come to haunt the sinking souls of thf earthly damned. lint if there is one individual more than another, phosa conduct deserves publicity I and censure, it is the salaried visiting doctor I of tbe . gaoJ, This person appears to j pay his ?vieite mora for tbe purpose | of being looked at by the prisoners than for lira to look after them. He j maintains i)n aspect of lordly indifference, of supreme \uontempt, a manner that sickens I the prisoners as muoh as the 'medicine1 I that heH offers them by way of treatment. The misery if a suffering man, raoked by pain, appeals to him veryiittle ; to him they are merely prisoners, not human beinge. He scarcely deigns to offer them a passing notioe, and seems to consider their appeals to bim imperiinenoe. He passes up the corridors like aa elegant, attired in riding costume, dangllrg his gloves in his hand and recognising with a kind of insolent pride the servility of the prisoners who salute him as he passes. This member of i profession that is greater far and should b( more to the benefit of snffering hsmanitj than that of religion, may be a very clevtr physician in his prac tice in Bast and Test Maitland, but his nature totally unfits him for the position of medical officer to a gaol, where human sympathy can rendeia doctor a more divine healer of diseased mnds than the chaplain, A paid medical ofteer who tells prison patientB that they are1 there for punishment 1 and not for treatment * is most decidedly not the man for the pest | Maitland Gaol aud its horrors will be | further treated of iu future issues. 