HIS BEST B.y F. L. T. Wjlmot. I once knew a comic journalist : Laugh ! He would make you laugh till the tears ran down your face and you felt strange pains in your abdominal regions. Yet, he was the quietest, most melancholy and simplest looking chap that it has ever been my lot to see. I said to him one day after I had laughed my fill from a ridiculously iunnv article which he had written in a current magazine — ' By George ! Ted, that's the best thing you've written yet. Shake hands on it.' ' No,' answered Ted, ' that is not my best. I have ivritten my best. I'll tell you about it, it may be of interest to you.' '? One night,' he went on, ' I was sitting before the fire gazing dreamily at the glowing coals and the mater was sitting in the rocking-chair, read ing, and all :was quiet but for the steady drip, drip of the. jfarn falling from the roof. A brilliant (as I thenrthpught) idea c*me into my brain. I walked straight v upstairs., went to my desk and wrote the whole of it out— it was only a short sketch, so it did not take me long. When I had had written it I took it down stairs and read it to the mater. I read it as I had written it; my whole soul was in it. It was a ghost story. Some thing about the spirit of a former lover coming to. the bedside of a widow, somehow I cannot Dear to tell that story again— well, I read it to my mother, in fact I acted it, I lowered my voice where it should be lowered. I raised it where it should be raised. I felt my story— it stirred my inmost being. It was glorious. I forgot myself and went on reading, and never looked at her, but once— after 1 had been reading for some time i did look up— I stopped reading at once for I saw she was crying.' . , ' I know-my father was -a bad one (he is dead now, God rest him !) and, perhaps, my mother had a lover whom she loved more than him— perhaps it was the appropriatness of the story, but it made her cry, and that was enough. I tore the manu script into shreds, and cast it into the fire, and 1 watched each piece intently as it slowly burned away.' -? I never like to see anyone crying over any thing they are. reading,' he went on. ' You can see enough of the pathetic, weepy side of life without reading about it. If you feel inclined for a cry, just go and sit at your street window and watch the faces as they go by. Count them and see how many happy and contented faces you will see, and how many miserable, gaunt, dejected ones you will see ; for every one of the former, you will see a score of the latter, and if that is not enough to make one cry, I don't know what is.' And he turned sharply on his heel and walked away. But I stood thinking. I thought of _ the street-singers 1 had seen — poor, bare-footed little boys— of mothers scantily clad, carrying a child in their arms, and the cold piercing wind, and the cruel rain almost freezing them to death, singing for a paltry coin with which to buy their daily bread ; I thought of many other city sights, and then I said to myself, 'Ted, old boy, you are right.' ? ___ 