The Light that Cast no Shadow. Curious stories are told about the powers posessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalayn mountains, These old men. it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural Iaws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the "adepts.' as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interest- ed him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient San-kut manuscript. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. ' I can't see to read, here,' said the visitor. '' Then we will have some light,' was the reply, and immediately (the professors says) a soft. pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality — it cast not the slightest shadow-. This a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Be- lief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's ownexperience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience ?Take an example : — ''In the spring of 1883,' writes our corres- pondent. I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of suits. At first my stomach was deranged my appetite poor. and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suf- fered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had alwavs a sense of discomfort.' Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a sup- ply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; myfood digested, and gradu- ally all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, i now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. I hare been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering human ity I deem it a duty to send you this testi- mony. (Signed)D. Griffiths. tailor and out- fitter. 151.Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th. 1893.' There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy wit- ness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that rnost ailments are but symptoms. forms, or phases of that uni- versal— indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cures that and thrown the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain have cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 