HOLY SATURDAY. It was tho praotioo of tho Churoh from the earliest ages that no Mass was said on Holy Saturday. 'For a thousand years after tho foundation of tho Churoh it was tho custom to spond this day , in prayor and fasting, in watohing in spirit with tho Holy Womon at tho Sopulahro until tho morning of tho Rosurrootion. At midnight, on Friday, tho Divino Oflloo for Master Eve was sung1} but tho sorvioo and Mass that wo have now on Holy Saturday really took i^innn nti .Qfif.ii its3n«r ii^rtflif*. nvtri »v4 ntirlitirY fill dawn on tho Sunday morning, was tho' im mediate herald of tho Rosurroction. As tho sun went down on Master Eve, tho Bishop and olorgy and faithful used to prepare to tho Churoh for this Oflloo, and its magnifi oont functions oooupiod tho whole night, until sunrise on Eaator Day. Wo should boar this in mind if wo wish to ontor into tho spirit of this dovotion, and if wo would understand tho many allusions wo Htul in it to tho night. Another point to rotnombor is, that tho dovotion for this night was spooially ordained Mid fitted for the oaptism of those converts, or catechumens, who had been previously found worthy of admission into the Christian Church. This will throw light upon the moaning of many of its ceremonies and prayers. Wo shall devide it into two sections,, the blessings and the Mass. , , , 1\. This Blessings. The Churoh blesses and sanotifies every thing she uses in her saored functions. Holy Saturday is in a special mannor a day of blessings, for it is in a sense the birthday of the Churoh. The devotion begins, not in the Sanotuary, but at the very entrance to the Churoh, where new fire, kindled from a flint is blessed. From this the light is taken for the candles and lamps throughout tho ohuroh whioh wore extinguished on Good Friday. This was of first importanne in the early Churoh, that the fathful might have light for the long night oeremony. Five grains of incense are then blessed, and tho deacon lights a triple candle (in honour of the Three Persons of the Adorable Trinity), 'and leads tho way through the darkness to tho Sanotuary, thrioe announcing as he goes Lumen Christi, the Light of Christ. When tho procession readies tho Sanotuary, the denoon ohants his song of triumph (Exullet), and ' golem ly blesses tho great Paschal oandle. This candle is of unusual siae, standing alono, of a pillar-like form ', and in tho ages when tho servioe was held at night, shod a 'dim r.eligio'Us light' over tho Sanctuary during the long vigil. When lighted, it is the representation both of tho pillar of fire whioh went before .tho people of God in their wanderings through the desert, aud of tho new-born glory of Jesus risen, from tho grave. During this grand song of joy tho doaoon pauses three times ; onoo to fix in Win nn.nrlln +.I10 fltro n^inn nf ' ? ? ? ~ — - — vww «v-»4 v*« w wa* w AJ- f U CiiL A vV4- I J Q WJ, incense in tho form of a oross, which, by thoir number, represent tho Five Wounds, and, by their substanoo the preoious spices whion the holy women brought to the Supulohro this night to embalm tho body of thoir dead Lord 5 a sooond time, ho pauses to light the newly-blest oandle j and a third time, while tho lamps in tho ohuroh aro onoo more lighted. After the Exultot oomo tho Twelve Propheoies, whioh were primarily intended for tfio instruction of tho oateohumonB who were^to be baptised this night, Then aomos tho blessing of tho Baptismal Font, In front of the procession is oiirriocl tho Paschal Candle, whinh loads those neo phytos to tho wators of salvation, even as tho pillar of firo lod tho children of Israel to tho saving wators of tho Rod Soa. When tho oolobrant roaches tho baptistery, ho aings tho Mossing of tho font. Ho divides tho water in tho form of a oross, and scatters sonio towards the four quarters of tho world; ho breathes upon it, and invokes tho grace aud power of tho Holy Ghost upon it. Ho dips the Pasohal Candle three times V into the water, The people are then sprinkled with this Easter water, and after this the holy chritm and oil of catechumtns is poured into the font to mingle with tho baptismal water. This completes the solemn blessing of the font, and after this the cate- - ohumens were formerly baptised and then oonfirmbd. After the blessing of the font of the procession returns to the Sanotuary, and the- Litanies of the Saints are sung, during which the celebrant and sacred ministers lie prostrate before the altar. Towards the end of tho Litanies the priests rise and go to the sacristy to vest for Mass. II. The Mass. ; As we have pointed out, the foregoing ceremonies formerly took place during the' night of Easter Eye, and the Mass at which we are now going to assist is really the Mass. that used to be offered at daybreak on Easter morn, after the long vigil. This will explain why it is of suoh a joyous oharacter. The vestments are white,' the 'Gloria' is sung, the bells ring out oheerfully, the organ is heard onco more. Pictures and images are' unoovered 5 flowers again adorn tho 'altar, whioh is deokod in white. Tho Collect of the Mass makes intercession for the newly baptised, lt the now offspring of Thy family.'1 After the - Epistlo, the celebrant intones solemnly three times 'Alleluia,' whioh is. taken up by the ohoir ; the Gospel relates to us the visit to tho Sepulohro of Mary Magda lene and the other Mary at the dawn of day. The Creed is not sung, as it used to be re served for the second Mass whioh wo sang later on Easter day. The Kiss of Peace is' still omitted, for it was not until evening on the day of tho Rosurreotion that Jesus stood' in the midst of His Apostles in the Upper Chamber in the Holy City and gave' thorn His peace. For tho same reason the ' Agnus Dei ' is left out, When this Mass, was appointed to be sung on the Saturday mornirig (instead of at the daw.n of Easter Day), it was necessary that it shotild be followed by Vespers, As the ceremony is already bo long, tho Ohuroh bids us sing, immediately after tho Communion, Vespers containing ono psalm and tho 'Magnificat.' This now takes tho plaoo of the PostCom munion in other Masses, and when these have been sung, the Mass oonoludes with the blessing and the last Gospel aooordingto. St. John. Truth and fidelity are the pillars of the temple of tho world ; when these are broken, the fabric falls and crushes all to pieces.— ? Owen Folltham. Fattery pleases very generally, In the first plaoo, tho flatterer may think what he says to bo true 5 but, in the seoond plaoo, , whether ho thinks so or not, he oertainly thinks those whom he flatters of con sequence enough to be flattered.-- Johnson. 