A GHOSTLY VISITANT. ; I waa a uiedicnl student in London, attending the lectures at dear old BartV, and looking forward io boing the possessor of a snug little practice, which, for family reasons, I could almost already entirely call my own. It wanted but a few days to Christmas, 1874, ami I intended to pass that season with an auut in Huntingdonshire. On the 22nd I packt'd my bag, and in due time arrived at Oakshott, as my relative called her house—regarding which Miss Betsy TrotWood might have inquired. "Why Oakshott?"—it being named on the htcm a- mm lucendo principle, as there was not an oak within a mile of it. The old lady met me in the entrance ball, and gave me an effusive greeting ; so gushing was it that, although we were the besl of friends, and I could always consider her home mine, 1 could not help fancying there must be some unusual cause for the delight she evinced. After supper the truth came out. " Phil, deal'," she said, " I'm more than glad to see you this time. You know you are always welcome : but what you don't laimv if that either mv intellect is tailing or that that there in a—a ghost in the house ! Yes : don't stop uu- or 1 shall break down : I know I shall. It is very, very stupid : but I can't help it. And oh ! Phil, Phil, my dear, dear |,o_y and she burst into a Hood of "tears. I made some commonplace remarks to pacify her, wondering all the while what the deuce it could be, and whether it was really a case of " a bee in a bonnet.' By and by her hysterical Jit subsided, and my annt was able to give me a rational account of her trouble. It seemed that for 6onie nights past, after she had gone to sleep, she had been awakened by something tugging at the bed-clothes. On the one occasion the eiderdown quilt, ami the covering next to it, had been actually pulled off, and had fallen on the floor. Naturally Miss Kachael—that was her name— was very much frightened, but, nevertheless, each time she got up, lit her candle, and made a thorough search of the room, discovering nothing, however, to ex2)lain the mystery. Her door was fast locked and bolted on the inside, the shutters were securely closed, and there was not a crevice in the apartment that she had not carefully explored to see if a living bird or animal, bad been concealed there, but all in vain. I should say that my auut, though wealthy, had only a small establishment, consisting of two elderly female servants, and these I well knew could be entirely depended upon. They slept on the first floor at the back of the house, overlooking the garden, and the servants' quarters were on the storey above. The front of the house completely furnished, should need arise, was almost always unoccupied, and, owing to the peculiar construction of the building, the only other room at the back on the same level as my aunt's was the plate closet, where some hundreds of ounces of silver, most of it antique, and of great value, were stored. I had often endeavored to persuade her to deposit this at her banker's, but she always objected to do so, alleging that it was one oflier chief pleasures to look after the various articles herself, and to see that not a speck was allowed to tarnish their elegance. After Miss Kachael had told me her story, I fancied I could see clearly that no supernatural agency had been at work, and yet I was puzzled to account for the fact that her chamber bad certainly not been entered, and that no living being had been " lying low " in it. The elucidation of the difficulty was, 1 felt, convinced, io be found in connection with the plate closet, and I begged my aunt to allow me to pass the night in that retreat. After some hesitation she consented, and when bedtime came, I made myself as comfortable there us I could witli the assistance of a sofa, chair, plenty of eggs, and a modicum of—well, not water alone. My only stipulation was that my aunt's door should be left unfastened. I must have dozed, off and on, for a couple of hours, when I was aroused by a piercing scream ; and " Phil I Phil!" in tut ugonistng tone, sounded in my ears. I .rushed out of the plate room, crossed (ho narrow passage which separated it from the bedchamber, and in a moment was in the latter. As I entered something became entangled in my legs, and I nearly fell. But in that second, I heard a slight scuflle outside the window, and dashing open the shutters I caught sight of a man making tracks for the end of the garden. I had my revolver in my hand, and fired, bringing down the quarry. The shot attracted the attention of the village policeman, who happened to lie close at hand, and between us the wounded man, who proved to be a ne'er-do-well of the locality, was wifely housed. • I then had time to devote attention to Miss Uachel, vho, it may easily be believed, was not a little alarmed. But her satisfaction in finding that she had neither been the victim of a mental malady, nor of a ghostly visitant, tended greatly to quiet her nerves, and she was completely reassured wheu we discovered how the trick had been worked. That which had caused me to stumble just inside inv aunt's door turned out to be a fine, but very rigid, Bleel wire, one end having been split in three, and each point bent down and sharpened, so that an exact resemblance of a bird's claw was produced. The window and shutter, being not only oldfashioned, but old, had left sufficient space at the comer next to the hiuge to allow this instrument to be inserted and pushed forward until the forked end rested on the bed clothes. A little manipulation enabled the man outside, who stood on a short ladder, to pull off the coverlet by means ot the claw, and then quickly to disengage and withdraw the wire. Of course, directly he heard the sound of matches being struck inside. preparatory to the lighting of the candle, he vanished, only to return and repeat the operation on the following night. This was the substance of the confession made by our prisoner, who alleged Unit it was his design by these means so to work upon my aunt's fears that—as I verily believe she would have done, had not I fortunately succeeded in unravelling the mystery—she would have changed her sleeping apartment to the front of the house, when he would have had the opportunity he desired of gaining free access to the back—including (lie plate closet. On the following morning, when I went to breakfast, an envelope with a £10 note was in my plate.— " St. Andrew's Gazette " (Buenos Ayres). 