STRAY NOTES. Large Retail Shops. THE French Socialists proposed and til Chamber of Deputies agreed that largo reta shops should bc subject to a much hcavtc taxation than hitherto. .; So a cable messag says; Fortunately we are under no com ponction to believe cable messages in general and this one in particular seems so question able that for the present lt were safer t morely record a " Pooh I" and pass on to th next item. Largo retail shops-why; larg shops of any sort are an argument in favor o the socialist, who says that success lies in th direction of organised .industry ; and larg shop3 aro tho nearest approach we havo to th organised indastry manifested in thc post office, State railways, kc. All that wc hov to concern ourselves about, ls that tho Stat* remains stronger.than any "largeretail ßliop' oraDy possible combination of theso shops Thc disposition no doubt is-to allow them ti be a law unto themselves ; and when Fey's, ii Melbourne, lately pointed out how incon venient the Factories Act waa in .their case there were thousands who said that lt wu not wisc to disturb the proprietors' plans fo: the management of such a mammoth concern Happily tho firm did not take up that , post tion ; they.bowcd (or, at tho least, bent} tc the law, and pcaco prevails. Tiie Tricks of Trade. It is also significant of thc advantages ol organised industry that it is rather the small than thc large employers who arc giving most trouble under tho Victorian Factories Act, and who are taking thc most pains to poison tho minds of the operatives against it. Uudci the Act tho term " factory" is far- reaching ] florists' and photographers' shop3 may bc factories as well as clothing and boot manu- facturers'. And when tho dainty ladies artists they prefer to think themselves-whe assist Nature ia tho studios aro described as " factory girls" by their employers, who point to the Factories Act as their authority for thc expression, the ladies arc hardly inclined to bles3 A. J. Peacock and all his works. More- over, there bas sprung up alongside this Act an extended system of fines, whose ingenuity is worthy, of a supposedly darker, ago than this. Returns showing tho wages paid to em- ployees at some ot these shops supposed to be departmentally controlled have from this cause become worse than useless.. For trilling errors fines amounting in Borne cases to one-thinl of tho whole week's wages arc levied. Usually an employer knows that he is not employing perfected nngcls, and fixes his .prices accordingly; but 'nowadays, when so many Government returns have to bo made, under thc Factories Act and for income tax purposes, he magnifies the pay sheet, but gets more than'even by I making sweeping deductions in respect-of those 'slips to which the Jaest of workmen, being, only mortals, are liable. Let one illustration suiScc. A Melbourne "society" photographer, whose studio is a factory under the Act, shortly after the commencement of the Act, dismissed a male employee and had thc work which thc latter bad been doing' done by a girl then in receipt of 7s. Gd. per week. This girl was astonished'to find ber wages put up to £1 per week.; Lut then she found that so elaborate a system of fines bad been pre- pared to meet the case that she.was com- paratively little the gainer ; thus for thc selection and dispatch of the wrong " proof" from two negatives taken at the one sitting 4s. was charged against her wages. »^* Wages in South, Australia. Bat, after all, thc position of thc Victorian factory hand is at least equal to that of thc South Australian rural laborer at present ; so that those who are inclined to put the evils of the Victorian workpeople down to "State interference with industry" have tho ground cut from"ûndcr their feet. Herc, for instance, in ona of the most fruitful parts of South Australia, is a district council whoso road workmen aro paid 4s. 6d. per day j and in the northern agricultural districts the best farm laborers, jeeping themselves, command no more than that. Twenty-seven shillings a week, suppose foll time to bo worked (and that is-practically impossible)-surely that, for mo-lcrn times, is about a record I" Somebody's Sister. Tho female tramp is becoming an institu- tion, too, in South Australia, where womau, having realised thc Parliamentary franchise and gained admission to boards of manage- ment of many institutions, feels herself moro nearly equal to the male mato than sho. does in more benign tal lands. Tho female tramp -at any rate that representative of her just interviewed-disclaims any political ambi- tions. At that precise moment she wanted a handful of tea more than she did a vote, and regarded a billy of boiled water (she carried her own billy) mora precious than the latest nows of tho Federal Convention. Sha was a little woman, slight, and her hair was already streaked with grey-though Heaven and the chemist know bow much or how little that means in these times. What did she do f She-well, she hardly knew. Then, after a pause, she-she did tho best she could. That seemed singularly inclusivo ; and a remark to that effect was dropped. Well, if details must be had, sho mule kettle-holders. The industry did not strike the interviewer ns likely to yield more fat than sho carried with her-one was not surprised nt her leanness. But that was not quito all. " At least, I did make kettle-holders. But my eyes have been bad. So now, 's I told you, I just do thc best I can. Bid you say you could give mc some tea9?" She was a very matter-of-fact little woman. Mice-what could mice do I And os for ghosts and things like that, well there weren't such things at all. She knew ; for she often slept in cemeteries. It was becom- ing interesting. "Oh yes, you can make a very comfortable bed up between the graves, and they're often sheltered ; them young cypress boughs laid straight'atong are's good os you could want." They arc nothing of the kind; but it seemed hardly/-worth whilo interrupting. But she had done. "Is the water boiled yet!": she said suddenly ; and, her billy filled, she gave her baggage a jerk upon ber shoulder, and went on-to tho next cemetery, perhaps. j Coincidences. The other day rome little boys of au ex- ploratory turn of-mind, whilst fossicking amongst rubbish, carno across what tboy thought to bo a-harmless pencil-case, but it turnedbut on investigation to be a devastat- ing dynamite cap, which promptly exploded and caused severe injuries. This was the result of accepting things on appearances. The Hospital has lately been the victim of'a similar illustration ot tba old saying that " things are not what they seem"-especially I typhoid patients. Herc is a patient intro- duced to tho institution as an harmless invalid suffering from fevor; but once safely within the walls the subject rapidly developed a marvellous ability for making things in the ward as nearly like pandemonium as possible with'thc limited means at his disposal. The resident medical officer naturally came .to the conclusion that something more serious than a typhoid patient had beeu committed to bis care, and promptly took steps to have tho mistake rectified. Whoo thc anarchist hos an enemy with whom ho dearly desires to get eren, a dynamite bomb skilfully disguished and introduced into the house of the intended victim generally accomplishes a satisfactory amount of destruction, even if it docs not exactly effect its' intended purpose. Of course, these aro merely coincidences-for there is not tho shadow of a possibility that thc medico who sent to the Hospital a patient embodying such possibilities for upsetting the ordinary routine of tho Institution had any ulterior designs on tho peace and quietnessbf thc house-surceon. i " ARQENTÜM. 