TERRIBLE BURNING ACCIDENT. A SYDNEY MAN PALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE STEAK TO A FKYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, Mr Jarvis had the nntfortuna to slip and falL ou the liot water pipes, and before he could ba res cued ho was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. Tho shock of the burning' and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Sir Jarvis, and for a number of years he was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forma of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated ia the neighborhood that Mr Jarvis was getting round again, and that ho had had a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incuvabla malady. It was on account of those rumors that a special reporter from tlie Sydney " Worker " was despatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon ho mado his way to hisliouso, 45 Grown-lano, Ultimo. Mr Thos. Jarvis was discovered nureiufj ft t/.vo-ycur old baby, and hit face deolared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. Ho was up and about, and ablo to answer the knock at tho door. Altliongh pale aud bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was vory clear that ho was an invalid no more. In reply to tho preliminary questions ho said :-" Ton want to know all about my case? "Well, I am glad of an opportunity to toll you. Tho facts nrny ba of valuo to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were yon suffering ? " " Well, twelve months ago I got bo bad that I had to leavo off work, and I have douo nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I mot with an accident ; I was badly (?ealded v/hilo taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Sinco tho accident I havo been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at tho Globo Island." " "What wore tho symptoms?" ' 1' Simply indescribable. The paina were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They wero for all the world like as if a saw weco cutting my bones in two in every part of mo. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyeno else. I was iucessantly ubivoi'iug and shaking, and could neither cat nor sleop. On. tho '23rd March last I saw a wellknown doctor, and ho told mo that my case was utterly hopeless. Howover, ho gave mo an order to the Direc tor of Charitable Institutions." " Did you inako use of the order?" "No ; I came home and went to bod, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. I'ivo weeks ago I could not walk across tho floor: in fact, I could not get out or bod. I felt then that it was all ovor with mo, and only a quoation of days when I would givo up the ghost. My doctor was attending mo, and did all ho could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease tho agony I wa3 in. I was under liim for fivo or sis wGekH, He came I to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of tho spinal chord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary move ments. He told ma that I might last for ten years, and that I might never got the uso of ray legs. (Just thou tho, patient kicked his legs about v.ith energy to «how that medical opinion is not infallible.} Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, 1 grasped at an idea oonreyed by tho adver tisement describing tho ouro e£Tected in tho case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in tho "Australian Workman," by Dr Williams' Pink Pilla for Palo People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit ray own. I determined to givo the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. Tho effect wag as marvellous as it was magioal. I was uble to eat and sleep us though nothing was tho matter with me. It was the first uppelite anil rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately le[t tho bed and was ablo to move about. You see those crutches there? They aro perfectly new, and I havo never used them. Thoy wero mado for me before I got Dr Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and uiw I don't want them." " Ho is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken tho baby ou her knees. "The Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who oalled in at this point said that Jarvis looked ton years youngor that day than ho did a fortnight previous. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "havo a cold bath, and all tho feeling lias como back into my legs. I uecriho all tho change and bonefit to Dr Williams' Pink Pills. They havo saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On tho mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which tho doctor gavo me to deaden tho excruciating pain. But thoy can stay' where tlisy are, for I no lonpor need them. Everybody who knows mo has been amuzed at the change in me. Thoy can hardly beliove their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all tho chief news papers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr Williams' Pink Pills Palo People. Thoy euro locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also tho many disorders whiot arise from an im poverished state of the blood, sucli as anicmia, palo and sallow complexion, general muscu lar weakness, indigestion, loss of nppotito, shortness of breath, paina in tho hack, nervous headache, ctc. Mr J. S. T. M'Gowcn, leader of tho Labor Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable ease of Thomas Jarvis. Mr M'Gowcn says ho has known Jarvis from infancy. He also know that he had to givo up his work at Globo Ieland abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which lie developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bod-ridden, and that thcro was littlo chance of his recovery. Ho understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his cane had been pronounced incurable. Sir M'Gowen was, therefore, liko everyone elso who know the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. « These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from tho Dr Williams' Medicine Co., Flinders-street, Melbourne, who will forward, post paid, on receipt of stamps or post order, ono box for 2s 9d, or half a dozen for 15s 3d. Sec that tho genuino Dr Williams' aro gotten. 