A GREAT .WRONGS OB, THE MYBTBBRY OF BLACK II7OLLO P GBANGE. I - 2 CHAPTER VIII --Cournuan. The door of the chamber opened and Clo. tilde entered. Her young lady started up with an exclamation of delight. "Ah, Clotilde, my mesenger has returned ; hare you brought me a letter I" " No, mien, not a letter, only a card. Sit Harry Tresham is in the Blue Drawing-room, and begs that you will honor him with an tnterview." Miss Trevethon bit her pretty lip in bitter disappointment. " ow many of them are there,. Clotilde, that beg to be h?nored'" she cried, phtulantly. *It was Sir Hanrtwell yesterday, it is Sir Harry to-day, and no doubt there will be Sir Somebody else to-morrow I Why didn't you say Inwas engaged?" Clotilde looked up at her imperious and beauotiful mistress with imploring eyes. " wish you could fancy oneof them,Miss .enore," she said, wistfully; "it might be better for you 1" " So it migiht, Clotilde, but I can't do it, and I with they w-auldn't bother me. I must g? diwn, I suppose, or we'll hare Sir Harry barck atain to-morrow. 'atch forthe messenger,and take charge of any letters that came:' And the young lady swept out and down the -l?airs to ?lhreet Ir titled loser. Ut ee. ber?r alemosa the doorof theodrw ins-fi.iirt'a busudaome gentleman, and one of the'lot matches of the season. \- 31ss Trevethon," he said, when the com plimets of the day had Been passed. "You bnon why I am here, no doubt, before I teil mar I am ordered off to rlelgi.m, and must leanve England in a few days, t havecome for my fuinal answer." Sir Harry, I ths...r'st no had already re ccived it'i"auiledl Mis Trevethon. The smile encourjged the ardent suitor, and he male blll to clasp the hand he ovetel. butr she drew it awany. " Ah, Mis, Trsevtthon," bIe sighed, "do not trifle with Ime You would not If you could read my heart." S" bave no wish to trifle with you, Sir Harry. I gave you my answer a week ago.' " Bat I come again,hopingyon may revoke your decision." "I cannot!" " iss Trevethon, may I ask why I hare heard that the marriage enjoined by youe late father's will is repugnant to you." "Yon have heard rightly, Sir Harry. It will never be formally so!emoised bya legal cere many." SThen, will younaotsuHer metohope, Mis Trevetbon I" She looked up into his eager, impassioned face. " Sir Harry, do you know that by refusing to marry my cousin, I lose all my father's heritage ?" she asked. The young nobleman bowed. "And yet you ask me to be yourwife?" "I do. indeed. It is your peerlrsn self I want, Miss Trevethon; my own wealth is ample." She smiled softly, and her eyes filled with tears. . "Despite the mystery which hangs overmy poor father's name, you would give blh daughter the honor of hearing your own?" she murnsred. "' Ohs. mT:- Trevethon. is it possible that I undertand you? Is there indeed hope for me?" cried the young man, flushing with r?rer delight. She waved her fair hand with a gesture not to be misunderstood. NSar. Sir larry ; I reallywish I could re ward your generous loe. but it ctnnot be? You see this tiny circle,' and she drew from her bosom.the golden chain from which the \- little onatlonga ring hulng;" it is asymbol of Sthne, l,oal r wlien I dar nst hreak which "Then you intend to marry your eousin, Miss Trvethotn " " No, I shall never become Richmond Trevethon's wife; but at the same time. I must consider forever sacred the cere mony which my father witnessed and sanc tioncd." " Why, Miss Tre-etbon, you cannot mean that you will never marry 1" She bowed her queenly head. "" Sir lHarry shall never marry. Since I cannot tuie th hcshand of my father's choos ing,'L will have no other." lee began an impatient remonstrance, but she cat him short. -Spare yourself the pain and me the hearing, Sir Harry, since your words are wasted. I repeat, 1wish I could reward your generous love, but friendship is all I have to give." And thus they parted as Miss Trevethon and half a score of her suitors had parted be fore. That is over," she sighed,asshe reascended the stairs. " I wonder if my heart is ice, that none of them has power to move me? Ihate my chains. and yet I would not break them if I could." Her guardian confronted her as she was passing the library door. " Ah. Lenore, my dear, I was on the pcint ofsending for you. Come in; I have some thing to show yon." Shite fllowed him in silence through the stately library, and into the cedar boudoir beyond. SYou have had a visitor, my dear '" he re marked,as he led her to a seat and proceeded to draw aside the curtains. "Yes-Sir Harry Trehm," replied Lenore, indifferently. " Yes, yes; I forgot to tell you to expect him. He called on me yesterday with a second offer for your hand in marriage, and, of c'urse, I referred him to yo. Ihope van gave the "poor fellow a final answer; he's dreadfully in earnest, and it is cruel to keep him insuspense." "I gave him a final answer, Sir Geof frey."' "Ah, that was right. You refused him, of course. my dear?" bliss Trevethon's eyes began to flash, bat she bit'her lip, and answered, quietly: "'I refused him." "I am glad of that, my dear. And now I have a little surprise for you. I hase been-planniing it for.weeksi mj'dea, Sand trues youwill be'plesed. uNow, look He drew aside the silken hangings which separated theedwer bondoirfrom asmallante. roon and Lenore barely suppressed a cry of surprise and admiration at the sight that gr-eted her eyes.. Thee ntir rosom wa in a shimmer of silks awd ;aces; robes of the costliest fabrics and msst exquisite designs, a bridal veil that shbse line heoar frost, surmounted bya wreath of orange-bloom; on an inlaid table a mass of fallen stars. - Sir Geoffrey wtbhe her for an instant with thaer syro, and then continued: " Yrsu can guts what all these fineries mean, of coatse Yuour bridal trousseau, iue Trereshn. and u more extratagant one never t',oehhd English shores. And there are your jewels, all reset and rearrnged,anrd the queen coull not wish a liner selection. 1 h,,,e yost nr- Id-a..'rl. soy dear?" f.snore .ea I silent a momeut from sheer mawermment, then rsh raised her cool, calt I1 must ,ire r,, cr- dlit for your taste-in ,seleclion. Sir e,,ffr,.y, ' she rplied. '" Tar troeeseau soid no,, be m,,re eleant :hut ir would hare been wiser to habe csnou.rel me efore yon ordlered it. Yon luve wasttd con iderab'e moony -,-.ltn pzrl~l.,. I R"Eally.nuT s?st. ml I.;'. the larolet re ependwl, "ysa atr.- t. 1l?oot wnllu 1 eer met who f.,un fl: with iserwerddinfinoer w-soseir cItrst 5' ,5lo? ont0. 1 fulreied ++s -rel+lsc's..I ."le..l at tiats. " BIoweer, sel " -; · " ,?-?'oa c.a wrllnff.t,d "+ ,-,,,,r.;,y. t sstaest-olla us.r fefortaseoceL. s~cd a'Iu tojo tq to 'areas sufleicnt far all too' fapedseI habreilfluired, whilt tOiejfrincipal - remains Intact."' -The girl curled her lip in indignant scorn. SPray, do not affect to misunderstand me, f 'ir Geolfrey,"ahe said. " Ye knowrmymean ing well. I do notobject tothe outlay. There was no need to order the trousseau, forI shall never wear it" " Why, Lenore, my love, what can you mean?" "You know, sir; but you shall hear again if you like. I mean this : that I have no need of wedding robes, because I shall never marry." The baronet laughed good hamoredly. " Pshaw, my dear; that's all nonsense i " "I beg your pardon, Sir Geoffrey. But I am in earnest. What I told you in the High lands I tell you here-I never will marry your on. It griees me to disobey my father's will. and Iam sorry to take the Trevethon wealth out of your hands Sir Geoffrey, hut there is no help for it. You know me, and when I tell you that I have futally decided, yoa will not seek to induce me to change my mind, for it would be a mere waste of words." She arose to leave the boudoir, buhat her guardian faced her, a curious change coming over his smiling face. "You mean that I shall understand, then, that you refuse to marry my son ?" "Idol" U What if I command you ?" She laughed in imperial acorn. " If I dare disobey my dead father's com mand, I shall not hesitate to disobey yours, airl" " \9 hat if 1 eorce you ? " Her eyes flashed defiance. "Foree, Sir Geoffrey?. Do you venture to use such a word? You cannot force me I If you presuine to try, I shall resist anddefy "I am your guardian, and my power is sopremel Girl,you will do well to submsi to my wishes. Ihave granted you every in dulgence all your life; but you shall not thwart me in this, Do you think I will suffer a whim of yours to make my only son - beggar, iustnad of being one of the wealth iest baronets in England? I tell you, you ant! obey your dead fathers will and marry him." "And I tell you I will not, sir," she an swered, fearlessly. He caught her arm, and held it with agrip that bruised the delicate fesh; his cruel eyes glared, upon her like the cyesofawild beast; his hrerth scorched her tenth. "You fool," he hissed in her ear, "if you resist mr will Iwill rmrrdrryou!" The girl tore herself free of his hand, all the dauntlecs blood of herrace glowing in her fair cheeks. "You coward I "she cried, "to insult and threaten a woman, and one of your own name. But," she added, as she turned towards the door, "you are nota Trevethon; there is some mistake. You and your son are alike ; you do not come of my race, for they were all brave and chivalroos gentle men." He sprang at her with a cry like a growl of a panther. "What? "he -asped. cltchingat her dres. " What do you usay DoP you dare imply that I am not a Trovethn ?" She tore her skirts free, leaving the silken fragments In his hands. " I say you are a coward, sir, and your son inherits your fine qualities,"she repeated, her voice ringing like a trumpet; "and I do not believe one drop of the Trevethon bloo: runs in your veins." She strode like an empres from the library, and he stood where she left him, his face white, his eyes glaring. "What does she mean ? "he panted. "If I thought shesuspccted the truth sheshould not live an hour." Lenore went straight to her.apartmente and rang for Clotilde. ' Ishall notdress,"she said quietlv. "You can have my dinner sent up. I shalbe busy this evening and shall need your assistance. I want my best clothing packedup, fdrIshall leave Lyndith Hall to-morrow." " Miss Lenore I" "Yes, Clotilde,I am going. Sir Geoffrey and 1have quarrelled, a.ndI mUt leave Lyn .The woman's eyes filled with tears. " My poor, dear child, where will you go?" Lenore put forth her slim hand and patted her attendant's pale cheek, "Don't fret, Clotilde," she said; " I shall find a home somewhere. The little'brown birds live in the hedges, and not a sparrow falls without God's notice. Arewenut worth molethan many sparrows! We shall not starve orperishfrom coldl Of course, Clo tilde, you will go with me I" The woman clasped her hands with a ges ture of unotterable umin, her eyes full of a dumb misery that was terrible tosee. Lenore looked at her in otter antonishment. "Why, what is the matter with you, Clo tilde?" she cried. "For pity's sake don't wear such a face as that. tou need not go with me unless you are willing. ' I was sure you would be, or I would not have mentioned it." "I am willing. Oh, Miss Lenore, I would follow you to the ends of the earth," the poor creature sobbed, " but-but-I dare not I" "You dare not Clotilde? and why, prayI Do you fear Sir Geoffrey? You neednotlook so terrified. Answer me. Why do you fear to go?" "Don't ask me, Miss Lenore I I cannot answer." The utter agony of the poor soul's manner made Mis Trevethon pity her, impatient as she was of such mystery. " Well, I will notseek an explanation," she replied." annd you can remain behind. But you will assist me with the packing, I hope. I wish to leave to-morrow, and desire to get among people who have no disguises. The people in this house all wear masks, it seems to me." "Do not blame me, Miss Lenore," faltered Clotilde, as she set about her task. " Do not blame you for being so silly, Clo tilde IWelll, Isuppose I shouldnot. Aretheres any letters for me this evening I" In silence Clotilde bent over the trunk she was beginning to arrange. "Clotilde, did any letters come this even. ing? " repeated her young mistress." The woman made no answer. Miss Trevethon turnedponher withfash Ing eyes. "Clotilde, why is ifthatyon do not answer my question ?" she demanded. The woman turned round, kneeling as she was, and and raised her streaming eyes. " Miss Lenore, forgive me, but I cannot answer." " Youcannotanswer I "repeated the young lady, her temper rising. "Are you demented I I tell you you shall answer me. Did any letters come ? " Clotilde's ashen lips uttered no sound. "I see, see," cried Lenore bitterly1 "they did come, and you have given them into Sir Geoffrey's hands. Ah, you cannot deny it You side with my enemy-you. Clotilde, whom I have loved since my in fancy I Iexpected better thingsofyouthan to desert me n my hor of trianl" "Oh, heaven 1 was not my cup already fpll to the brim ? " moaned the woman, ttingher head fall forward onher arms. "Could not this have been spayed me?" ' - "Get sp," Mism Trevethon commanded. "You need not trouble with the packing; I want nota ito rus o services Leave me and O to your master. Go, I command yosl aud neer dare to come into my presence .tthnuttp word Clotilda_ urae and crept ostsof the room. It-oere snon into the chair and looked out if Ier wi'nsow on the wiintry sea below "- The ooturs hler.iuohd is in leegue aginst me," oei nohredl. "nod rho soonerI go the berter. I neoul leare at once onlyrhesihih isas',ur. "Ifs coald hrregot tekle'terI shoant Inea ntie ine.io regrOt. I nm .ilo.ir morroannl oee i, ' e tln,..ao tsrioin, Oir G frsrrTreee'rasn .?i ite s ledrore scon o,r'hist, hie'shsoins 'uearore.s if. he hbu enard t int-.reept my prirute corr.apond. ecad'"?, ?.. . .. \- Meanwhile podr Clotild;cdcriven from the presence of the mistress she idolised, made her noiseless wayto a small smoking'roomt that adjoined the library. She hesitated for some minutes when she reached the door, a s curious exnression in her poor, worn fice, and then she tapped twice or thrice. 1 " Come in,"answered a grafl voice. She turned the knob and entered. The room was a cozy little den, luxuriously fur nished, and hung with sporting pictures of a low character. On a velvet couch, wrapped in an elegant Turkish gown, reposed the young heir of the house, Richmond Treve. than, a cigar between his lips, and a small table, on which were a decanter of brandy ands glass, drawn up beside him. te turned as Clotilde stole in and gave an impatient glance. "m " at the deuce do you want'" hede manded. Her face Was a study as she stood for an instant and looked at him, her hbands pressed hard against her heart. .Paia. unutterable love, and piteous despair filled her faded eyes. The young man arose, leaned on his elt, w, and glared across the room. "I say, what the deuce do you want? Why do you stand there and gape at me like a fo61? Out with your bnsinees and take your ghost-face out "f my sight." The poor creature wireed and shrank awap as if a keen blade had pierced her. "Think of the time when he lay Upon my heart a blessed infr.nt," she murmured, undes her breath, her yearning eyesstill fixed spor his face. The baronet's son, losing all patience caught up ohe glass from the table withv brutal oat',. "Out with your business, I" say," h" thundered, "and take yourself off.. The sight o. you makes my blood run cold. 'd as sun see a eorpse as your tallow fare. Do you hear me Speak quickly or i'l let a ray of light into your thick skull." "I beg your pardon, sir," she faltered, creeping step nearer. "1 came to speak to you about Siss Trevethon." The younig man put down the glaress, and a look of interest filled his inflamed eyes. " WVell, what of Miss Trevethon?" he doe manded. " She is coming to her senses, no doubt." "She's dreadfully set against her father's will," Clotille went on, made bold by the hope of serving the mistress she loved, " She will be miserable for life if you force her to bhcome your uite; and yet. it she refuses, she losose all her father's wealth." "Curse youldon'tI knowthat? Isthat all you have to say?" roared the hopeful heir. " If you would only have patience and hear me," continued Clotilde, her very heart in her mouth, yet resolute to accomplish her object. '" If you would only be generous, sir, and not hold her to that marriage of her childhood. You might refuse to marry her, you see, sir, and release her from all obligan tions to ydou, and then she could still hold her fortune, and I am sureshe would reward you handsomely, and you would be both so much happier." "Did she send you here with that non sense ?" interrupted her hearer. " Indeedsir, no. It occurred to me that if ou refused her, instead of sh refusing you, the fortune need not pass out of her hands ; and I thought-" "Take that for your impudence," cried Richmond, his face purple with rage; and seizing the glass again he sent itflying at the woman's hebd. She dodged it with a suppressed shriek of terror, and it fell with a crash at Sir Geof frcy'a feet as he entered the smohing-room. Seeing Clotilde his eyes took on their wild glare, and stalking up to the poor cowering creature, he clutched her arm with a force that extorted a cry of pain from her ashen lips. ' What's this ? What are you doingherel" he demanded. "Why, she's here to persuade me to refuse to marry Miss Trevethon," put in the son, sinking back into his recumbent position, " and I threw the glass at her. I wish you would send her out of the house. I can't seeswh~y yos'want such a doughu' 'fanaoahne "1 can see," the baronet replied. " I have work for her to do. Clotilde, follow me to the library." She looked at him as he uttered the com mand, and she cowered and crept after him like a beaten cur. " Have yo broken your oath? Have yoa dared to tell my sone' demanded Sir Geof frey, as he closed the library door. "No, I have not broken my oath. I have not told him." The words dropped from her ashen lips in husky whispers. " it is well for you," the baronet made answer, clutching her bruised arm again "Let me even suspect you, and you shall die a death of lingering torture 1" " I have suffered that for years. Oh, Heaven, will the end never come l" she moaned. He threw her from him with brutal force. "Silence 1" he thindered. "No whimper. ing. Sit down ad hear me; I have work for you." 'ithout a word she regained her feet, and sat down in the sent he indicated, her hands folded, her ashen face like stone. CHAPTER IX. . L ORE SWALLOWS THE BAIT. The next morning Lenore sat in deep thought at her chamber window, half in clined to send for Sir Harry Tresham, and repudiate the marriage of her youth by ac. cepting him. She felt herself alone in the world, and the serse of desolation brought tears to her eyes. She arose as the breakfast bell rang, hur riedly dried her eyes, and went down to meet Sher guardian. He receired her at the door of the break fast parlor with a pleasant smile and a pro. found bow. "My dear Lenore," he began at once, "I have been waiting for yon this hour, to beg your pardon. I am a passionate man, my dear, and my temper and mydisappointment goe the better of me yesterday. You will forgive me, my dear, and forget my hasty words ?" The young lady bowed frigidly. "It matters little, Sir Geoffrey," she re plied, "whether I forgive or not. Your words ofyesterday have changed our rela tionas for all time. I leave Lyndith Hall to day." - A carious smile was visiblein the baronet's gray e.- .-; :.,± --' "" ?-?, : - I "Lenore, my dear child--" . ' "I leave Lyndith Hall to-day,"interropted his ward. No word of yours, Sir Geoffrey, can induce me to remain : hence, I beg you will not trouble me with importunities. The Trevethon wealth you can manage. as youn ee fit, until it passes out of your hands. Henceforth the small income left me by my dear mother willsuflice for me; and now, if you please, I will have my break. fast." She swept by him and into the breakfast m"As the qoeenwills," smiled Sir Geoffrey, with a second bow. The baronet's son was not present. He had left the Hall at an early hear to ride with the hounds from Deerhurst, a country seat not far distant; so Miss Trevethon and her guardian breakfasted alone. t' My dear Lenore," began that worthy gentleman, stirring his coffee, "if you mast leare Lyndith Hall this morning, may I ask where yon purpoee goneil" "I have not yet decided as to my destina tion," answered Lenore, coolly," and if t had Sir Geoffrey, I am quite sure I should not geatify yeo r esrirsity. As I told yon a minute ago, your words of yesterday hare hanged our elastio forevr. L'en a man (I will*not say gnrl?ekoa. Sir Geenrey, for gentlemen never inseult women) insults me orce, I make its poiit to gle him no cltance to repeat the indigeite. Yoa insulted and threatened me yesterday,ead heneeforth you and Iare etragers.' The baronet's face whitened and his eyes -hdh.but he hbowed again, and repeated. -T- C e Coeaianerd.) 