Perils Encountered-- by Divers. ? — o ? . ? -. Divers who have been dowh.in foreign seas tell of exciting ' encounters with sharks. But it appears that 'the demon of the sea,' with all its veracity, is a. little timid in presence of the strange creature that wears a shining helmet with the eyes of a Gorgon and a long plume of hissing air-bubbles. A ctiv.er who spent some years at the Aus tralian pearl fisheries describes in this way his first encounter with a shark :— '1 felt instinctively,', he. . says, ' a strange presence before I saw anything. The small fish usually found1 in great numbers arnpng the corals had entirely disappeared , and the absence of these ;fiitting little companions, when one has become accustomed to. then), produces . the , . .effect , of 'intense . still-, ness. A croepy, indefinable sensation of dread took hold \o£ rue, and it became one of real terror when I turned and saw, « within lOTt of me, the bulk of an im mense shark. ;The creature lay almost motionless, half hidden among a mass of cobweb corallines. : My first thought w is to be pulled up, lut as fish have human nature enough to want a thing as soon as they see .it is being taken away from them, I rejected' ' the idea. A sweep of its tail and the great fi=h and I were face to face. Holding my breath, I stood perfectly still, my heart beating wildly, and my eyes riveted on the wicked eyes and cavernous mouth of the shark. I felt that the monster was in specting me with some curiosity, and after a few moments I became aware that by an almost imperceptible motion of its fli-xible tail it was gradually ap proaching me. Nearer and nearer came the leviathan, the shovel-shaped no&e; pointing directly to my face glass. Flesh ' and b'.ood could stat.d it no longer, and with a yell I threw up my arms. In stantly there was a swirl of water, a cloud of mud, and my enemy vanished.' Another shark story, this time from the West Indies. ' A large steamer,' the diver relate?, c; had struck on a reef and then slipped eff into deep water, taking down with her the mails and a valuable cargo. There were some papers that were particularly wanted, and I was in the chart-room under the bridge working for them, when suddenly, as 1 turned 1 saw the wicked snout of a big shark close to me. It was a Dice fix to be pinned up in the corner of a little square room with a big brute between me and the door. I went creepy all over I can tell you. But I kept still, an3 so did he, except'that he worked a fin lazily, like a screw steamer holding on against a tide. . I got the knife in my belt loose, and waited. The shark evidently did not know what to make of me, and gradually drifted over to the other side, of the room. I began then to move towards the door and had almost reached it, when the shark made a sudden rush in the same direction — and disappeared. Which of us got the bigger fright I don't know.' But encounters with shark3 don't always end so. Some years ago an I English diver, who was at work on a sunken rock off the island of Ditgo Garcia, had a visit from tlTe same shark every day for a week. At first he had no trouble in scaring it away. It was enough if he gave a turn to the escape valve in his helmet and let out a little air. But at the end of a week it had become very troublesome. The diver signalled for a knife and a looped rope, and then boldly held out his bare hand as a bait to the shark. The monster came on with a rush, and was turning on its back when it was stabbed by the diver, who then passed the loop round it3 body and sent it up to the surface. A cool head should certainly be included in the equipment of a man who seeks to earn bis bread in the sea. The story is told cf a divf-r who saw two ghosts ' full fathoms five ' under the surface. He had gone down to the wreck cf a large steamer, and was crossing the main saloon when two grr-y shapes of enormous size came shambling towards him. He did not wait to make notes tor the Psychical Society, but gave the danger signal and was at once pulled up. Told in the cheerful light of day it seemed a rather lame story, and another diver went down to see what he could make of it. Towards him also came the shambling grey shapes. He stood ir resolute for a moment, and then, going boldly forward, struck his hatchet through — a mirror ! The ghosts were only a dim reflection of his own lfgs, much enlarged, of course, as everything is that a diver sees through the great frontal eye of his helmet. 