TIi 9 Light That Oast no Shadow. Ourious .stories are told ulmit the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among (he ifiiualava mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of rears to the, study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the " adepts." as these, queer Hindus arc called, tor the purpose of finding out the secret of their remark able. performances. Tiiey treated liitu rather seurviiy, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanscript manuscript an adept went with hi in to a cave wherein the honks were kept. Tiio place was dark as the bottom of a well. " I can't see to read, here," said the visitor. " Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly, light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed Unit it had. one strange quality — it cast not the slightest shadow. Th is is a story hard to believe, yet its j truth is affirmed by a man of vast learn ing and high character, and you who now j read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is .sceptical when friends toll him of a medicine which they I believe will make him well. What else j but doubt could result from his experience ? j Take an example : — "In the Spring of 1888," writes our correspondent, "I fell into a low, weak and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eat- ! ing 1 had pain and weight at the chest. I ! was much troubled with wind, and ' frequently spat up a, sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later oil I suffered from nervousness una "r Knirirs I ken!-, up with my work, but had always a souse of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving mo. At last I heard of Mother Seagal's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses 1 found relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Al though I hud no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigcl's Curative Syiup, J have been iu the best of spirits. In the interests of the suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) I). Griffiths, tailor anil outfitter, 151. Hockley Mill, Bi nuingliam, June. 8th, 1893.'' There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid lcfctei and I he story about the light that cast no shadow. The letter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On tiie other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can lie found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease — indiges tion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the iight of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness aud pain had east such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager wit- I ' nc-ssess. i 