[ALL RIGHIITS ILESEIRED.J .THEJ',IJ IO.OUS. BY tTHE " CHURCHYARD. A few miles from f ondon, by the side of a much-frequentedl road,- there stood, some years ago, a large old house built of red brick \- and- surrounded- by a; rich wilderness of a garden: The windows -in- front were large, and looked- as if built for the enjoyment of the line prospect which- opened in all direc tions around thel slight elvcation on which the house was raised. Strangers who passed along the high road luring the day,and,look ing up at the lofty fronts, saw the backs of tall chlairs and the edges of cu mbrous drapery dimly outlined through the long accumulated dust upon the panes, would have supposed the house to be inhabited. If they passed again late at night, and happened to look up once more at the dreary mansion bathed in the weird moonlight, they would shuddering ly hurry on, for there was, as the Scotch would have said, " a decided uncanny look about the place." One fine autumn evening two young artists, who had been rambling about for some days on a sketching excursion, stopped at the snug little village inn and ordered supper, and rooms for the night; the jug of foaming ale being brought in by the landlord of the Feathers in person. " Pray can you tell us," said one of the artists, " anything about that odd-looking brick house just at the end of the village here ?" "lDon't know what house you mean, sir," said the host, at the same time sheering off towards the door, though he had previously manifested an inclination to remain. " I mean that tall old house with bay win dows,that stands in the garden adjoining the churchyard," continued the artist, rummag ing his portfolio. " I don't know anything about it I " was the dogged reply. " This is the place," exclaimed the young artist as he produced a drawing. -" Look heic,you must know the house, surely.Don't you recognise it ? " " Well, yes; I suppose I know which -you mean," answered the landlord with evident reluctance; "but you'll best not ask any questions about it. And if you'll take my advice, you'll just- put that drawing at the back of the fire." " At the back of the fire el " ejaculated- the two friends in a breath. " Yes, gentlemen, at the back of the fire or into the middle of it, whichever you please." "" That would be a new way of finishing off ' a sketch;" said the one withr the folio; ," but before I adopt your extraordinaryadvice,Mr.: Landlord, I should` like to be informed of -your reasons for giving it," S _No good can come out of talking about' it, one .way :or another,"- said the worthy; B?niface, shaking his head; " and I warn yoh to dismiss the matter from your mind.. Forget you saw the honse,and think no more: 'about it." " That is an impossibility. You see I looked upon the old building with an artist's eye in the rays of the sun, and 1 should like to have a glance at it iii the moonlight. Any' chance of going over the old place to-night, think you ? " " Good God ! young man, you don't know what you ask for! Why this is the 27th of October' the very nightl!. the dread anniver sary! " "Anniversary of what, landlord?" ejacu lated the young mao. " A foul crime! But ask me nothing more, for I'll not answer. If you are mad enough to tempt fate and divine Providence by pay ing a visit to that old house by the church yard, go to Tom Giles, tho e eton, he's always ready to give the keys to anybody who wants to see the horrors of that terrible dwelling place." With pallid face and with trembling foot steps the stout host now left the room. For some few minutes the young artists stood by the fire, the elder, still holding the drawing in his hand, presently, with a derisive smile, exclaiming: "What superstition, IMarkham, in these enlightened days. Well, ghosts or no ghosts, I'll visit the old building, and to-night too. Giles, the sexton, the old fellow said,had the keys: I saw that name on the door of a cot tage by the church. Mayhap there is some -thing queer about the place, and as this seems to be the very witching time of the year as well as the night I shalt go I" " Where, Gas? To bed?" " No; to this Tom Giles, the sexton and keeper of the keys of the old house by the churchyard." " Are you in downright earnest 7 " " As much as ever I was in my life. Will you go too ? " " Not I, indeed, Gus. I shall go to bed, where I would advise you to follow. Come along, Berrington, where's the good of going over a damp, uncomfortable old den of a house, and catching, perhaps, a bad cold, and all to convince yourself of what you know very well already-that there are no such things as ghosts." "Ob, as for that, Markham, I'm very certain that the stories about ghosts and haunted houses are all rubbish; but I've made up my mind to pay a visit to this queer place and just see what there is to be seen." With a light step and a merry laugh the young man, leaving his friend at the inn, was soon trudging down the moonlit road. The village was now wrapped in the deepest silence, exrept when ene w-r. house- dog, aroused by the passing footsteps, gave utter ance to his sonorous bark. The young artist reiembered distinctly the situation of the Sexton's cottage, and, as:- e drew near the little habitation the glimier of a light from the lower easement proved that someone was ;atir. The lchurch clock was striking twelve as the young and enthusiastic artist knocked at the door, which was ininedciately opened by an aged, white-haired old man--tie sexton himself, wihoe, in a querilous voice, ex claimed : "I'm going about"thel job now. You needn't have come again." " I have not been here before, Mr. Sex ton," said Berrington, with a; smile. " I beg your pardon, sir," miumbled the old man. " What is your pilensure ?" " I want the keys af the old house hard by. " ~Eh !" ejaculated th!:e oxton, raising the lantern hle held in his handl and seru tinising the visitor. "Aye, aye! I see. Well, you can have 'em. I suppose you'll pay me formy trouble ?" " Will that satisfy you ?" said Berrington, handing the old fellow lhalf-a-crown. S "Yes;' There's the other job; I'll take one withanother. There are the keys, and you had better take the lantern." " All right, I'll bring them back safe. But ,where the deuce are you going with your tools this time of night ?" The astonished artist here stared wonder ingly at the sexton, whlo, securing his spade and pick, prepared to leave the cottage. " I'm going-he, lhe!-I'm going to dig a grave for a man that isn't dead yet! ' replied the old man, leering hideously and chuckling like a gnome. " Yu see, I can't work as fast as I used to, and it's as well to get ah.a."' "I understand," ejaculated the artist, with a laugh, as he turned away; the sexton mut fpring,as he hobbled towards the churchyard: " It's funny he should have come to me after what. I've seen and ask about his own grave. Ha, ha. he'll bring imy lantern back safe! Well, if lie don't I'll go and fetch it, that's all !" About ten minutes after leaving the cot tag, the artist hal1 gained the old house, being rather startled as he fancied he saw a pale gleanm of light from one of the upper windows. " It must be the reflection of the moon light," mnuttered the bold visitor. " The moon's rays entering by soice easement at the back,falling upon some polished surface, are reflected upon the front windows, and, of course, your rustic cries out ghosts!" With a scornful laugh, now opening thle outer door, Berrington was presently stand ing in the hall of the old house. Something soft and warm dashing in his face as lie walked along the corridor, re lifted up his lantern, discovering a host of bats, that disturbed by tile sudden glare of light, were flitting wildly about the hall. laving no superstitious dread of these in teresting and much- abused little animals, heo merely watcihed for a moment their fantastic and noiseless gyrations and passed on to wards the spacious staircase: asceniding this Ihe soon gained the floor above, in one of tile front rooms of which ire had seen the mys terious light. Here all thre doors save one were locked, and upon pushing open this latter, Berring ton found himself in a large handsonmely furnished bedelamber. At one end stood a massive bedstead with dark green curtains at the head, whilst some subIstantial heavy old-fashioned chairs and dressing-tables were disposed about the apartment; every thing denoting comfort and means. In startled amaze the daring young intruder gazed at tile scene before himu. A thorough sceptic and materialist, Gus Berrington was struck with awe as he noticed a phos phorescent glimmer overhead with a heavy, clamp odour in the air that caused a difficulty of breathing. About to close thie door, for despite his nerve and courage he felt awed iand depressedl, e started forward filled with curiosity and excitement as lie heard the sound of a foot in an adjoining chamber. Darting behind the thick, heavy curtains that draped the casement and concealing Iris lantern, Berrington hald barely taken up his position before he was startled and confoun del at the appearance of an old man, who, with flowing white beard and bushy, beetling brbws, crept slowly and cautiously tovards the bed. The bed, upon which, as the phosphores cent light increased, the young spy now be held the form of a beautiful woman appar ently in a deep sleep, her hands,upraised and clasped in prayer, resting on her bosom. Gliding,without a sound,to the bedside the old man stood for a moment glaring at the sleeper, and, to tile horror of tile beholder, presently sprang like a ghoul upon tile un conscious woman. Frozen now with terror tile horrified Berr ington, his feet like lead, stole forth from his coneealment,staringin frenzied astonishment at a huge ruddy fire blazing now in the grate. Unseeing or unheeding the witness to his foul crime, the midnight assassin, springing from the bed. a newly-born babe in his arms, approached the grate, and hurl ing the infant among the liveconal,proceedcd to beat it down deep in the lurid glowing mass. In wild horror standing statue-like in the centre of the room, the artist, a kind of vertigo seizing him, had been alike incapable of flight or of interposing bet ween the fell assassin and his victims. Rooted to the spot. his blood running ice-like in his veins, he Ihad witnessed this double murder. Tile more harrowing in its horror that no cry, no sound, had woke up the stillness of the chamber. Only, is the aged assassin, turning round, fixed a cold glassy eye upon him, was life and courage reatured to the startled artist. who started forward as the murderer glidiel from the apartment of derath, and followed him to the landing or corridor without. Hearing no sound of footsteps as the assassin leseended the stairs, IBerirnglon remained leaning over the balustrade watch ing, in wild horror the departure of that gliding, silent figure, and then, as pressing against the woodwork in his horror and ex citement, old and decayed, it suddenly gave way, precipitating him below with a crash that woke up horrid echoes through the old house. Finding that his friend had not returned to the inn during the night. early the following morning the young man Markham called upon the sexton; the two, upon enter ing the old house, discovering the still living Berrington lying in the hall. With some difficulty they carried him into one of the parlours and laid him on a mould ering couch. The unfortunate young artist revived sufficiently to relate the dread vision lie had witnessed the preceding night andt then expired. " What do you thiluk of your friend's experience of the old house by the church yard?" asked the sexton, breaking the silence of death. "Poor Berrington l' sighed Markham, raising his head from the drooping position in which he had watched his friend yield his last breath. " ie must have been delirious from his fall, and fancied that dreadful vision." " Not at all ; it's all true. Your com rade saw the phantomn of the old L'aronet Sir Everard Vcre, who in mad j~elousy murdered his poor young wife and child. He died in a madhnouse, he did, andi my farther biried him; but tile old fellow still haunts what wras his favonurite residence in hIris lifetime and til scene of hiis crime--TIhe Old HIouse by thie Churchyard. The End. 