Nipped in the Bud, ' [By *' Wanderer," in the Adelaide Observer] • Whnt a strange thing It ie,* .said ■Mr. Sbarpe, looking meditatively into the fire, * that men who have msde a dip early in lite almost in variably oheriah the dvldenoe ,of their guilt in the shape ot some article-or doonment connected with 'their lapse into crooked weye, ae jjirpugbU .were their moBt valuable puMuiOD, instead of a oonetant rionree of poalble danger of annoy .auoe. 1 could tell you of many oases in which the guilty men, although -never brought .to juetioe, bee hoarded for years eome incriminat ing piece ot evidence which would l>e sufficient to wreck hie life ehonld fell into the hande of any un scrupulous person. Of course, I am not epealfiug new of habitual crimi nals, but ot those who yield to some sudden temptation and commit an set to the expiation of whioh they devote the remainder of their lives. One would think that auoh a man's first impulse would be to destroy ovary trece'of hie folly, but that ia where the curiooe part ot the business oomee iti. Ae a rule he does noth ing of the kind, end thereby occasion ally finds himeelf, after years have rolled by and be he has gained an assured position In the world, in a ▼ery right plaoe indeed. A oftee in which I was engaged eome little time ago serves ae an illustration of this peculiar idiosyncrasy. If you arc not tired listening to my prosing I'll tell you about, it.' * I should never have suspected you of fishing for compliments,' I replied,' but I must say that remark of youre sounds auspiciously like it. Son know I am always .only too glad to h.are u peep behind the scenes into the narrow and crooked ways of life, whenever. you are kind enough to raiae tbe curtain for me.' ■ «I am not going to take yon to the jdpinr this 'time,* answered Gherpe, ' nor am 1 fishing ae yon imply. I really thGUght you might be tired of my.jorui} hut jBinw you are food enough to *»y they still interest you 1*11 treat you to a story of life in high places, of a akeleton iu a walnut .and eilver-mounted cupboard. There are more of them than you would, per haps, believe. The poor aod needy j have no monopoly of the skull and eroaibenea. I sometimes think, as 1 j walk down the crowded street of an j afternoon, mixing unnoticed with the' gilded throng of fashionable loiterers, what panics T could create among1 their ranks if I chose. That famous ! besuty, stepping with sucb an imperious air from her carnage in front of her husband's mammoth warehouse, how her cheek would blanch, and her insolent glance turn to one of abject terror, if I whispered 'just one eeotence into her tiny ehelj iike ear. That perfectly groomed gentleman, who tabes off his. glossy, hat to her as be aaontera .by, his whole bearing telling of wealth and exalted soeial position, how ha would shrink, and cringe, and eg/or mercy, if I showed him one entry ha-my pocket-book. There is no name'to that entry. All the world might read it without becoming sny the wiser,] but ho would understand, it speaks volumes for my much abused pro fession that its members can keep such secrets to themselves. Rarely indeed it is that one of them is found abusing his power, and sucb a one is promptly rendered harmless—baa his claws cut, so to say, The .ecrets of tbe confessiousl are not mors jealously guarded than many of those entrusted to our keeping. But this is not tbe story I promised you. •On returning to the office one afternoon about a month ago I found a note awaiting me from ono of our biggest merchants-Mr. Blank, shall we call him ?-requeating me to call upon him at once. The envelope was marked 'urgent,' eo I straightway jumped into a hsnsotn and drove to Mr. Blank'e pl.ee of business. I thought it best not to give my nkme. ut merely told tbe messenger that J bad s special appointment with h{B mwter, whereupon I was at once shown into bis private office. The merchant was sitting at his desk when I entered, staring straight be. lore him, and seemingly oblivious to ail sights or sounds around bim. I 'hemmed' loudly once or twice, and then, finding my presence still un. no) iced, stepped forward and touched Mr. Blank on tbe akm. He started es though he had been shot, and glared at me as if I were a ghost, or soroo equally unwelcome visitor. "Who—who are youP' he ithm mered, turning a shade peler, if possible, than bofore. "I am Detective flbarpe,' I re. plied. • Ton sent me a note I believe.' producing it as I spoke. 1J never aaw a man look so relieved tn my life,. "T thought you were * he paused lufiruptly. «8it down, Mr. 8harpe| I frish to eousnlt you on a very delioite and pressing matter. Mr. Wells, of Wells, Toogood, and Co., assured Hue I could rely implicitly on your discretion.' j »I bowed, and intimated that Mr. Wells rated tbe slight service I had done iu apprehending his bolting cashier at too high a figure. ! "No, uo/ exclaimed Mr. Blank, , I feel sure from what I have beard that you ore just the man I want if | you will undertake my case. Mr Sliarpe,' leaning forward, and lowering his voice almost to a Vlsper-oan you keep a secret P' i ' ? 0#° ootb ing whiohhae been oohflded to^mt during a somewhat lengthy pt0l . feeelonal career has ever passed my Bps, yddkmtfbperak*fm8ly, |n tfae knowledge that, when our business is couolnded. your etory will be as though It had never hesn told.* ' Mr. Blank heaved a eigh of eatta ' 'action.; "lam glad to heat it,* aald he 'how glad yon will understand wfaa I toll yon that not tor all my wealtl which is even greater than peopl think,—nay, not for all the mone< in Australia, wonld I have what I an going to tell you, made public Were I alone to eatter it would no matter eo much, a steady flugei on the trigger of tble toy,' taking , eilver-mounted revolver from hi, hip.pookel and balancing It in hii hand,«a eeoond'e pain, and 1 wonld be beyond the reach of Bcandal's many tongned malevolence, bnt there are others. My poor wife, my innocent ohildren-not they most never know tbe horrible truth. Mr. Sharpe. yon see before yon a thief yon need not start or look eo strange ly at me, I am not mad—just an ordinary, sordid, eneak thief anoh a. you have arrested by the eoore. Bat] Twill toll yen the whole wtetoht etory from toeVeglnhlng:- * ^ * When 1 left eohool I at onto oi taredthis counting hbnto"ae jnnlc dlerk, -The than partners to th Murines* were greet friend" of my father's, and I was told that if I con ducted uyaalt to their satisfaction, and proved worthy, my advancement would be proportionately rapid. It was even hinted that a junior part*' nership might reward Increasing and Intelligent application to my dntiee. With the thought of this goal to spar my ferihrgles 1 gave my whole mind to the performance of my duties, and so rose by leaps and bounds till I oooopied the responaldle position of aealsiant-oasbier. About this time I was unluoky enough to win a bet on a horse raoe. You, who have doubt less heard many similar confessions, will understand what that meant. Intoxicated by my success 1 went on booking favourite* with 'the in. svitable result. After one specially unlucky meeting I found myself with debts amounting to several hundred pounds, which must be paid by oatUlng day. I asked for time, but the hooks had been bard hit, and, knowing my people were fairly well j oft, thought I was good for a oertaln amount of.'squeezing.' Whatebouid ' I do f The one unforgivable sin in my father's oatalogne was gambling ; none of my friends oould lend me scything like the enm I.required. Rain stared me in the faoe. 1 know now that had I gone to my chief,, kind old man I he wonld have wil llngly seen me through my trouble, but then I feared to trnet anyone in the offloe. In the midst of my tor tare on idea suddenly buret upon me. My heart etood still, I shuddered, and looked round stealthily to see if anyone noticed my altered appear ance The black thought in my brain had, I imagined, impressed its horrible reflection outwardly and visibly on my faoe.' The safe etood ready to my hand ; my .chief trnBted me implioltly; it wonld be only for e day or two ; Rlaok Jsok must win the eteeple next Saturday, ..and then I oould replace my loan. Ysb, I called it a loan, just to deaden the stings of oonaoieDoe. Yon ean guess the rest. I stole the money, and Black Jsok did not win. I never could remember bow I got home that Saturday night. There was to be an audit of our books next week, when my crime must be discovered. My people saw there wae something wrong, hut put it down to Some boy ish disappointment. They never dreamed that their dear boy waa a felon:' Poor Mr. Blank groaned, end covered hie faoe with his hands for a minute or two. I said nothing. The reality of the pain and .self loathing in bia voios bad moved even me, hardened as I wae by listening to many euch recitations,. Presently he went on ' On Monday I went to 'business as usual. The obeery greetlng of my oomredes in the offioe lashed me, like a whip. -How would they meet me inadey or two wh§n—1. oould not even aay it to myself. All at onoe my reason returned, and I de termined todothe one thing whioh oould possibly eave me. I went straight to the bead of the "firm and made a'.clean breast of the whole afteir. Promteea from such as I were valueless,. I said j but it bo would only give me one chance— I faltered at this point, and - burst Into tsars, bot, burning tears of ebame and agony. What, a good man he waa. He. hade me. sit down, and soothed me as though I had been a little child. Not one angry, word ; not a syllable about misplaced, con fideuos orfutureperditlon. beeame.-aomewbat calmer, he told me be,was oertaln I ■ was not natjtrally bad; that to «uoh as I a warning euob ae I-bad received might, per haps, prove a blessing in disguiee ; and finally sent me book to my work with a cheque of his own in my pocket athply sufficient to eqnare my aeooants. Before leaving him. howy ever, I aetdown again and wrote ;a abort confession of my guilt, which I handed to him, eayiug, ' when I have fully redeemed myself in your, eyes, you can return me. this.' - He did not wish to take-it, hut I lb meted. The eonfeesion wbb worded thus:— I, George Blank, do hereby con fess that, ion the;day of May, 18 —, I stole £850 this property of my employers,: which. -I- will repay by instalments. ■ Signed, GeorgeBUnk.' ~ S' In.leas than twelve months'.that confession wae handed.back tomo. Why, oh why did I not put It in the fire then And there f ft.-seemed to heve ja'jkjpd of fascination for -me, and I put it away carefully. •' Time passed, aid I at 'length became sole owner of thle little bhaineBB. Eveiy J # to tehe that j»p«»pnt hud look at it, and thinkwith pride how well X h^ deserved the lehlenby shown' tne. The last time I eaw-H weaSelwtd^y week, which as you wiU .note, was the —IhM.ay, I had taken the in criminating document frgm my safe, andwaa sitting bere loosing at it, my mind buBy with the ideyeof long ego, when I wee aroused by a -voice at my elbow. It was my messenger, .not the one yon saw. with e telegram for me. How long had be been there ? Had he teen that infeynal, oonfee. elon f "I resolved to tioid out, and allied him ebarply what "he mean t by entering my private office without knocking. The men'a manner con vinced, me that be knejr^my. secret. He bad read the confession over mr shoulder. ~ ly, , "Yon may leave my'service at once/ I eaid. 1 I'll give ybu&cheque; for a week's wages in liei/df notice.' "So saying, I turned ,to get-my chtque-book, when the scoundrel matched up my confession, which I had laid face downwtrds on the table, exclaiming—• V" u,ie thi" instead of wages, Bfh Blibk* Good day. Ji'oo'll feew from the Boon/ and ere I could rise from my chair he bad rushed from the room. ■' I heard no more of the villaiu till yesterday, when I received from him .the following note • Dinr'tta—Wtirsnil* injofrw morrow evening after the clerks have gone home. Please have £600 in gold ready for me, or Fm afraid that business pf ours will fall through., ' Yours, etc., , «ME88ENGEB" •'.Now, if J thought I could buy that. document for £500, or even £6000, I would gladly pay that sum ; but I feel sure tbe blackguard is too cunning to part with it. In my dis tress I asked Mr. Wells if he could recommend me a good detective, and heat once named you. Now you know all, can you help me ? I assure you, Mr. Sharps, if you can recover this; paper for me without allowing the'matter to become public property, there" is nothing you need ask for in vain which ie in my power to give.' * 'I think it can be managed/ eaid I. The man will not be here for an hour yet. Let the .think. Ah, I have it. When your''friend is an. nounced, 1 will take upiftny quarters id tbe strongroom behind you. You can leave tbe door a little ajar, so that I may be able to hear what trail, spires. Ask the man to state his demands plainly, and'leave tbe rest to me. 'The hour passed without much conversation.. Mr. Blank was too ill at ease to talk, and { was maturing I my plan. At iaet steps were heard ' approaching, and I slid quietly into the Btrougroom, pulling the door almost abut after me. The next moment our maa was shown in, and after the messenger bad retired, he at once came to tbe business. In ac cordance with my instructions, Mr. Blank asked him to state plainly what j he wanted. " What do I want !' echoed the rcouodre) insolently. «Ob, not much when you say it quick. Give me 500 sovereigns now, and have a like amount ready for me by this day month, or all the world shall know that tbe greet, the good, the charit able George Blank is only a common thief after all. How will yoiir wife and ' "That will-do nicely, Mr. Mes senger,' I remarked, bb f stepped fr&m; cny place of concealment; 'no doubt the money will come in handy after yen have finished the fourteen yearn I intended to get you for black mailing.' ' Hie jaw dropped, and his hat fell from his shaking fingers. My1 job was easlj afteraUyhewas: like most of bis kind, «n errant oovrard. • Ob,- for God'eaake.'eir.cp&remei; be erle'dv.falling on hie knees 'before Mr. Jllank. ■ I didn't Intend to,do At Mr,; really I- didn't. X-Wasgolngto givejyou tbe paper, indeed I Was. Ob, eir, tbink of any poor wife and childrenV ■ v ' . • Slop whinning. yon otir/ ieaia T resisting wltB; diffibulty to" kick the grovelling form before me,' 4 Imyeelf-woultbgiveyon cotwneroy, but for Mr. Blank's eakel will make i ■ bargain with" yon. ..Deliver wp that pappr.you«poke,of,aoa hignanothlr confession whlSh *I"-«hbll presently place beforeyoa/anfilwUl *let%ou off thie time. Buttakeoare i il-will watchyoujAnditj-i ihetStScba mur of this business Fif give yon that fourteen years, as Aureae my name's . • bluff, but it ivfebt: dotvn :.=kU .Hghtf With trembling : band-the 'baffled blank mailer eigned the confession, which Mr. Blank made out atmydiotatlon; after whiohl acoompaniodhim to bis home, and took poBsessioD of the doonmont which had b&ueedall; tbe trouble. I oarried lt booklet imee to Mr. Blank, and there'urbte office with tb e aid of a wait vesta, we quick ly reduced it to a condition-in-which it can do no *artberiar«n.!iHelf an hour later X. left the;sanotum "with another of Mr. BlankTs eignatures re. poBihg eafelyio myvestpooket, re* presenting e a ohasnm'-ae ■ made me wish for a eimUiurous byery week, That's all.: It'e not mooti of a yarn, bat, aB X said AtMiS- beginning, it serves to iUoettati lv#&rtebs; custom.' ■ CuriouB indeSd/^X^keplied, « but then, you • know. ^Thhre are - more things In hsa—/ hot Mr.Sbarpehad vanished. -' ' Chestnuts"hire °to him • Weary, state; flat,onannprofiteble.> Tramps EenallyhavescbEbpet name for their swage, eachv«b.;«? Matilda/ etc. They used kSSmyy^Jpnme. on Matilda, we will do inother jmilo or two/ Now it !s * Cotee' pn Georee Eeid, we will try and mito to the next station.* j —= 