A FATHER'S SIN. . APTrE XIX.--Odntinued. 'Dead ? Rupert dead ?' George St. GClaite lhoked staggered for the moment at the ntews." 'Poor'fellow,' he said at last. '1 hadn't heard a word from him for years ; but I-had thought at good de li about him, and, 'when my wife died I ;was lef?; alone iu the woild;'the wish damie over'mui ~to'return to England and look hirm up. I went to the ol hops' ,in Kenesidgon, but they didn't kno'w"ven the? ranie,snd I couldn't trace him. Then I pot that no'ice in the paper, and, as I received no replies, I had made up my--mind-to.go- bck to Melbourne.' ' We left Kensington eight years ago, and went to Brook Sreer,' Pearl said. ' Father died there last Feburary.' Si?tnd you, my dear?-Rhat are you doing 1 i .ingiTbysyourself-eh ? *-d SYas. I took a si'uation when father died ; but-but&I; didn't stay there, and, siTi e.thin T-hive-h'ahd a hard struggle to live. Lab night I was iiu sutch despair that 11 thought I- must pat an end to my wretched existence; thhn-then I saw your name on a piece of newspaper they had wrapped some thing in for me, and I gained o,urnge, for 1; thought yon would take pity on me and help me.' Sotbs choked her utterance; she half -t" rned away i-ad pit ihr iihid'keioChief :to:her eyes. '-H,-lp you 1 Why,: my -dear, of course I will I Come-s-it dlowri and tell me all nbout -ib.... You and I are both lonely people, so we must comfort each other. I have more money than Ir-knfow .what to do with, and nobody to leave it, to except you ; so, if.you'll . -cme and be my little girl, and take care of ed your o'd uncle, why, I'm ready to give you a thome-l all 'Oh, uncle, how can I thank you' ,. re- .f By confiding in me.= Tetll ne all,'; about a what ba'- hiappened sinoe-poor 'Rirpert~ died. Ful But first '--he rang the bell-' you must have in a glass of wine and somnething to eat; you or 'l0kFlike?: ghost.' - ; Sl He.bade the waitrb~~lring somel luncheon Let at once, and then, having mate Pearl remove ate here bonnet and mantle, noting with a.pity. ii;g eye ho0ve thinly clad 'she 'as for the time .if \year,=drew her chair to the table and watched her while sae ate the food lre forced .upon her, smiling; benignly when the colour -eamd back to her face. and the light of a glad relief to the sad'blue"eyes. When the niel was. ended, he said cheerily--. , . " _ That's better ! You're- tootpretty, my dear, to look so pad and woe-:egone i Now letfus:draw our..chairs.to the.fire, said you -shall rtell me hw - it comes that Rupert's daughter'should have had to work for her living arind have to contemplate ending hi"r ;e life. :Don'b be afraid-tell -re everything ' .youwill no' repent.' tn : s. And she obeyed him, speaking' of hbr ig father's crime, of its consequences to herself, Y of. Olive Dartrey's 'treacher;r, of her owri n, struggle to live,.till, the tears stbood in Georee r' St. Olaire's eyes as well as her own, and he ; registered a ?menal avow, "that " never a. again' ahould, thiis beautiful creature, who a, reminded him of his wife when `first h'" wooed at and won her thirty-five years before, be poor )Y or lonely. Her reverence and love for her dead fa her were perceptable.in every word she uttered ;j she mnderno co.hplaint of the Sstigma wh;ch his crime-hhd involved nor cast one blur upon the name which, in spite of to all, she held in such tender re-pect. s, Whitn he had-..finiished her lcital, lher uncle took her bodily into his arms and kilsol her over and over again. io 'You are a'good girl-a brave gil' I' he said. .' You shall be my. daughter,' if 'you, will, and between us we will try to get at the, r. truth of this matter, for T'll never.; helieve - o that the' Rupert I remember could: have t murdereda fellow-creature in co!d'blond. I've monef, aril that.can do inuch.1: I'll'' set. a detective' to :work at once !'. ' Oh, if- we could only, find ou d?~lti he was .innocent.l , ;Dear Unole,?r am.?so glad I I have fuind you ! ' ,.. ' And 'Fm! glad too. Only think-if I had gone back to Melhourni'befn.re you 1 cachie !. : I' we.son thq point.of doing so,l hut ) £ wanted toi ake bhack a caringeiblit, Whit look ir btijding for me, andr ib ,i sn't, 'r'idy. e Now let me see-what did your father call you, my dear ? Pearl ? Ah, a very pretty name, too-suits you I -- --Now, .- Pearl,-- I'm eoingto be your father, and you are my a little girl--see'a So the first thing we'll do t this afternoon will be to go to' y, ur Ibdginge and pay up,' and bring your traps away. - Then you must go and get a good rig-out of .clothes; I like to see ia woman well dressed, d and you are a beauty, as I da'e say you a Sknb.irvery well by this time Ir I'shall.want a a'u to I~-rio end of ashell, and do-your old y dad credit" . .. .. .. K, 1 .D'-Iar,uncle, I---' . g iio tlnanikds I Y'are my property ; I am only pleasing ,myself.- -lHow- much monoy will,you want, do: you thinik, for a really good out fit I Beohise awe will go&and0; .get .ucheque 'cathed opn, our way,- and~y then t you'shell buify jdt; wh,?t "you like,-. ,Why, since my dear wife died, I have not known r what pleasure is till now I:'- Hr brushed f his.hand acroes his eyes and turi:nd:iaairt '. a Pear'l'sr voice, sweet and earnest," broke o th' ,siinoewhiclp eniined;, hed r g liht tuch a was on'his arm. " •,'Deifr urioleg.shia said,.? 'yourtshall never o rep nt of your godn?e-so to me ; T will ber your loving dhughter, and you .musb never a! feel lonely or sad aguin, i. i n \- I can't help it, aunt M?yra I I have tried to.like Maleimois0elo D'Envers, hub I can't, A riad 'there's;' n vid of i' i;'- Sie,~1way. rub lt methbe wrong way. :If only lihad my dear w1 Miei St Olaire baikagain I TI ;wobider why she'left like bth?it, and vhatb she i idoing f~r She has.notesent to mother. for- a reference, lit I know, heocause I asked... I_ never thought she .wouli leave me like that-without even a "CGoodhyo" kiss ; nihd I loved her sd"l' .. Tears filled. Agatha's eyes. She and Lady pu Myr.a sat ic the latter's cosy hondoir one h lovely afternoon in the, beginning of April. Ki Nearly a year had passed silca Miss St ma Claire'a mysterious departure from Glen of Ailla, and Agatha grieved over her loss as though it had been but of yesterday, refusing ma to settle down again into schoolroom dis.- ha cipline, and showing herself as exacuing and ur dificult to please as Lady Ffrenchl herself fe At the present time, during the absence of her mother, who had gone to Africa for the benefit of her health, accompanied by Sir Jospelr, she was stavitg with her governess at her aunt's in Grosvenor Square. s Lady Ffrench fancied she had developed an eathouatical tendency, and ther-fore, on a suggestion of her doctor's that a voyage to the Care might be beneficial, she had per St. suaded Sir Jasper, who looked ill, to accom at pany her. They had been gone now since the 'J first week in March, and spoke of being in it England again by the middle of June. d, It had been at first arranged that Agatha he sho uld accompany them ; but, somewhat to to her, mother's,surprise, the girl steadily and he fl.dtl refused.. She would rather stay at 't hocbe, she said. Travelling tired her, and ce she hated the sea; it would do her more ir, harm than good, she was sure. And so, as 2p usual, she had her way ;, but, as Lady Myra was unable to he at Leydon more than half id the timiae, and L~ dy: Ffrench -having !taken er it into her head that Mademoiselle D'Envers; .was getting up a" flirtation with Stephen; ? Roy, who once more came frequently to the Court-eieidily refutised to:allowr her daugh. er ter to be there without heratint'sa chaperon id age, Agatha rather. regretted her d.cision' when it ctme to spending more than half ofi I1 the three months in London. ~ ... . ed Wt ibhout Jlsper to. take her, about anal tn make everything pleasant to her, she felt, e= rather like n-prisoner on parole.;-and, had it 1 ,rot been for, some- myaterions presentiminti Ip hljatoneidjy#,; whIn- sheiwas iout walklng 0or If driving with her governess, she would conrd or across Miss St Sb laire again, she would havl rebellel outright.' :i I Mademoise!le D'Envers: wasa small sharp' ib featured vivacious Frenchwoman, clever in ve her war, bututterly without baeo, saying the re most inopportune things at theidinopportunq Id moments,; and wholly regardless.of the feeling 'II of'those upon .whom her wit; was. shaipened. of She and Aa, ha were perpetually quarrelling a aud making up-their quarrels again, fur mademoiselle,.though noit always able to curb her tongue, was far too worldly- wise to offend t he'r pupil, in whose power she wefl -knew it 3\. lay, to cause her dismiss , from a. situation re which suited her ;.exaotly. and' was one.: in a. ru thousand. She therefore endeitvoured: to atone for every outburst of temper or catustin tn- wit -by obsequious flattery, which was eveh re more repugnant to its recipient than the F. dissensions which had preceded it. us ' It was cert-inly most strange' about Mist d St Claire;, Lady Myra said thoughtfully in ,d answer to her.niece's remark. 'She seemed r such an exceedingly nice ladylike girl ; bhu d your mother never liked her, and perhaps site I leh Miss St OClsi' see her dislike. I must say I should like to know how the poor girl y is.gebting on. She w s too pretty to be cast w adrift upon' the world.' u ' I feel almost certain that mother and a Jasper know why she left,' :Agatha said, r hastily drying her eyes on her.handkerchief, .r . for, when I asked Jhsper the question point -blank, he never denied it,, and looked as ifi had personally offended him, while mother ir doesn't even let me speak-of her. It is: too f, hbad,'-and the tears broke forth again. i_ ' Well, de tr, don't grigye over iK; besides, e you will make your eyes red for the baztart ' e aid Lady Myra patted- her niece's shouldbr r aflectinately.; ' I dare say it :.was' for the o best ; and, after all, jrour m,,ther may have d had a very good reason for setding 'her r away..' . . r 'It is not for the ba 'wliire 'I ani concer d ned,' Agatha reiturned disconsolately e 'Mademoiselle-. doeisn'tii :uit me a bit; she; 'f 'Agatha, are you nob ready yebt, my child 7' said a:'voice,' speaking: in Frehch. ::? It is r already three o'clock. ' d The interreption had followed iclose upon a sharp knick at; the doio,'and;in-ademoiselles a head, gorgeous in ait ylow v'lvet b'nnet, appearedl in , tli doorway, while her foot e tapped impatiently on the floor. I-- ' don't think I shall go,' was the half a sulky rejoinder; 'I have changed my mind.' a ,;But bthat is a pity._ You have been very s dull lately, Agatha.' I have aIlready told' you` that--.. I ' 1Oh, .le silentd, nademoiselle.. I'will come presently. Close the door, please. Wait for me 'ori' the dining: room; ':and, without r attempting t'o: rise from her 'hbair, Aga thal t began slowly to pun on her gloves. Mtade'nioiselle ':closed the, door and went munittering downstabits x ' ,' :We shall quarrel before -very long,' said' I Agatha,'' and then' you munst really give her r notice to go, aunt Myra, as mother is away. You will, wont you' V r.. ° 'I don't know, my dear. I thiink it w'ill: be best for me not to interfere between your 'moiher and her governeesses any mire, "Lady t Myra returned, laughing,; ':besides, in my I opinion you are getting quite old, enough to' do without'one now. However, we- can tlli ' about that/another tine. Go with madem.a oiselle now--the carriage is waiting. And 'you must not be rude to her.' - T''he bazaar to which Agatha .and her P governess were going was a fancy-fair on a large salde at the Knightsbridge Barracks,' 'at which severul of Lady Myr.'s friedids wlers stall-holders. Her lady-hip, for her d twn part, disliked bazaars, and never wint" i to them unless she could possibly avoid irv, a tr'antdet'ringtihe ditty; as a rule, to tny young S relative who haplened to hsve a 'penchait ' for loiding.herself with useless- articles ifor B the sal?ei of aeinin her friendi andy acquaint- . anc-s aoting as saleswomen. On" this: occasion Agatha happened to be the chostrl substitute; and Lady Myra, having bestowed cc upon her a five-pound note to lay out in the an cause of charity, considlered she ihad done St enough, and spent the remainder of thi b afternoon in-the uninterrupted enjoyment of Si Siiovel 'and sundry lnps uplon the sofa in ne her .:botdoir.. : - (s In the meantime the 'carriage containing Is .Ag~athla and her governess rolled away down Bond Street tnl turned into Piccadilly, whre it joined the stream of vehiclve pro- kn ceedins-in a- westerly direction. JttSt i no front of them wan a well.appointed pretty get little victoria,.containing a gentleman and a Th by lady, the former elderly, the litter young, evid..ntly frather rand daughter. Thero was something in th"i carriage of the girl's hbed, in the colour of her lovely golden hair, arranged elaborately beneath a large grey hat covered ",ith feathers, which remintled Agatha of Miss St Claire; but she dismissed the idea of its being possibly her old governess as so utterly improbable as not to be worth a second thought-for what could Miss St Claire be doing in an elegant carriage with an elderly gentleman, when she had always said she had nob a relative in the world cocept an uncle out in Australia whom she had never seen I - Agatha however drew nmademoiselle's attention to the occupants of the victoria by say.ipg quiet!y 'You have.often asked me about Mins St. Claire and what she was like. There sits.her_.exact cotnterpart in that carri.g?.' :Mademoiselle iraned .her =neck toT folow the direction of ieir pupit's gaze, the? -gave an audible "aniff . 'Shgi looka slike an otress' she Aeidi in Freih, ;I' f:RMii? St: Olairei?wase like. ter; no wonder 's'he was dismised!i I '`hlve heard all shout it.' '-From Annette, I suppose. Gossiping old noodle I See-the carriage has stopped at th t florist's I Now, I ahll be able to see her face, ant--Why, itfis Miss St Claire I I matsut spee;ik -to' h1er t!'--and calling to the coachman :to stop, befote mademoiselle could prefvent her, Agatha had sprung ,utb an'i hurried- towards the vehiclei from which the gentleman had alighted, leaving hii?Thimiparii?in:i?tder alone. At the tsound'- of AXiatha's :voice calling her name in accents of mingled tenderness and reproach, Pearl burned first ctimson, then pale ; but there was no mistaking the gladness in ier voice anil eyes ai the clasped her-pupil's o? tstretched. hi nds. : ? ' Dearest Ag-atha-you-1 Iow ,:glad I" m .to:see .you on?c more:l' .. : . ' And [ Yoi I But why'?lid' you leave he as you did I You nbarly -broke iniy heart I ,And I have wanted youL-.ho, so b idly !"' Then they had hot iold¢Agathii ithe'story i Pearl heaved a.de,-p sigh pf telief._.., \- I could not' help-ib,' sle asiewesele.: I had a very urgent lesson for leaving, you may le sure;' but'I canOidb'tiell it yo?ut now.' COme and sit beside' re, a minute till my uncle ,rbtirne.', Then, tas Agatha obeyed, she went on, . T have stuffered much :since we prted, bat that is all over:now. - I have found my dear uncle from Australia,' and he has ,adopted me, so that [ am quite happy again -at least, as happy as I ever shall be in this world.':i.. ":: [TO 1E OONTINIED1 