A T7RIGULAII CONFESSION. TO THE EDITOR. Sir, will you allow me a little space to reply to Mr. S. E. Laugford Smith's very temperate letter re tho above subject in your Saturday's issue. I think it quite within tho province of laymen, to UlSCUSS Uieso btiujuuia aiuuufa luuuevm,-, not leave all to the clergy, especially seeing from recent exhibitions the sort of instruction wo aro likely to get from somo of them; so that, as I have a fow authorities on tho subject at band, perhaps Mr. Smith will not object to consider them. , , , , I don't think tho Homilies aro considered ot much weight— in fact, of none— In proving tho doctrines ot the Church ot England. They served their purpose when the lower clergy had not tho erudition they havo at tho present day, but I think he would he a hold man who would Vead one in lieu ot tho soi'mon now. Besides, if wo turn to tho I-Iomlly on "Common Prayer and Sac- ramonts," we l'ead "Absolution hath tho promise of forgiveness of sins," and in another part ot tho ono on "Repentance," wo l'ead "If any do find thomselves troubled in conscleuce, they may repair to their learned curato or pastor, or to some other learned and godly man, that they may show their troublo and doubt of conscience to them." So much for the Ilomllles on this mat ter. Tho words ot tiie ordluatloii service, how- evor, aro plain enough, and tliey are taken from tho Now Testament: — "Receive the Holy Ghost for tho office aud work of a priest . . whoso sins thou dost forgive, they are forgiven," etc. How can he pronounco forgiveness if ho does not hear what they are? I forbear to mako too many quotations from tho overwhelming authorities I could quote, from both High and Low Church bishops and presby ters, on this undoubted teaching of tho Church, but one or two I hope I may be allowed to mako, and I will commeneo with "Chilllngworth," the dearly holoved of our Protestant brotkren, tho author of tho "Religion of Protestants" and ot tho famous saying "Tho Bible and the Bible only is the religion of Protestants." After urging confession for thoso who need it, for the quieting of their conscience, ho says, "And do not como to hint (tho priest) only with such a mind as you would go to a learned man experienced In tho Scriptures, as ono that speaks comforting, quiet ing words to you; but as ono that hath authority delegated to him from God himself to absolve and acquit you ot your sins," Tho "judicious" Iiookor says, "Tho minister's power to absolve is pub licly taught and professed"; "Tho wisdom ot the pastor must bind up thoso parts which, being bruised, are not ablo to bo cured ot themselves." Jeremy Taylor: "Tho Church of God In nil ages hath commended and In most cases enjoined that we confess our sins ... to such a person whom wo or our superiors judge fit to help us in our need." AVkcatley, whose work on tho Prayer- book Is a standard one, Bays: "Wlien tho priest does, by virtue of this power and commandment, declare and pronounco such absolution and re mission regularly iu the congregation (In morn ing and eveulng prayer), thoso in , the congrega tion that truly repent and unfolgncdly believe God's Holy Gospel (though tho priest does not know who or how many they aro that do so) havo their pardon convoyed and sealed to them at that vory Instant through his ministration." More lately. Bishop Harold Browne, ot Winchester; Bishop Elllcott, of Gloucester and Bristol, to say nothing of Dr. PuBey, so that, however tho Hom ilies may affect Mr. Smith's mind, Rev. G. T rower is fully borno out In his Leaching that "auricular confosslon" is undoubtedly taught In tho Church of England. Tho only difference between our selves and Romo is this: On tbe matter, Rome makes it compulsory to receiving tho sacrament; the Church of England does not. Even where tbe Church ot England exhibits her authority, tho most strongly, as in tho visitation of tho sick, she simply urges tho sick person to confess.— Yours, oto.. CLARENDON STUART. PenBhurst Park, October 2IL 