STiDNET CLUB NOTES. Eianrir Kotr.N-D.— iUitcn 19 akd 26. IiOichinirdt v East Sj.lunr, I-oiellhurdt. . I'mliliiiKton v lladrarn, S.C.U.N.G. ' . Central Cumberland v s orth djilucy, I'srramatta. liurwood v tioutti oydaey, UurwooiL Glebe i Wuvorlov, Ulebe. .?'.:''. (By 'Not .Oct.') BATSMEN ' are still achieving big perfor mances in club cricket. Couturios are being piled up - with every day frequency Thoro aro now 23 ou tho list iu tho Senior Competition and 12 iu thu Second Grade. Improved turf wickots are 'making butting eusier than it?used to bo ; wliorcas tbo poor bowler is not quito so enthusiastic. Among tbo Association dolegalos on Monday evening an impression was apparent that tho Premiership this season cannot bo lost by Puddiugloii. Tho probability is that this club will win tho competition, but it must nut be forgotten that it is quito possible for it to lose. Iu tbo event uf thu liual being unnecessary to settle i Urn Premiership it wus suggested that Puddingtou should play a combined eleven from the other clubs. This suggestion is rather premature. Wavorley very noarly do feated Paddiugtou ; so did East Sydney. Tho most attractive match of the current round is Wavorloy v Ulebo at Wentworth Park. Thera was a large crowd and consider able barracking, tho local playors, if subjected to leas of it, wero treated more vohcmently thau the visitors. Glebo compiled 200 for soveu wickets. Couiiigbam contributed a Bplondidly mudo 1(1S, driving aud cutting first class, ou sido strokes equally good. Youll got nn artistic 74 (including a beautiful bit out of tho ground), II. Newell a quiet 30 not out, M'Mulluu 12. i'itZj.eruld 11, uud A. Bucklu 12 not out. A. Nowoll mudo S (.splendidly caught by Ebswprth), nnd Evans 7. Pemell, with four for G3, was the most successful Waverley bowlor. Austin's ono wicket cost 70 runs, hue bo was haudicuupeu with a bud finger. Coningham lias struck his best form, cen turies iu two consecutive iuuiugs testifying to this. The left- hander bus now, like Goorgo Youll, mudo Uvo centuries for the Globe— 17b', 117, 111,. 151, mid. MB.' All agaiust. diffnrent clubs. Couiughum and Youll on Saturday added 152 for tho second wicket,' taking- tlio scoro from 41 to 193, at which total both wero dismissed. ' :? ? Youll has an aggrogato of 375 runs for bovoii complete innings ; Coniiighutu o'Ji ruus for ton iuuiugs. . ' . Unless Waverloy put in some marvellous scoring Glubu should, at tho worst, make a draw of this match. In tbo wbolo afternoon Paddingtou iu their match against tho Globe compiled 29S for two wickots. Irodalo aud Gregory havo novor got set togethor iii a. really big partnership. Snub an association would bo welcomed by. Wavorloy iu this match. ? ; . In oaeh of their last two innings Glebo havo scored more ruus than iu any of thoir earlier matches. ' Burwood v. South Sydnoy, on tbo Burwood Ground, owing to the lattor club strongly aspiring for a place in tbo final match, is oxcitiug much interest. Tho South, howover, did not bat quito an well us they might have dona, und their howlers will now huvo to per form exceptionally well for the sido to win. For tbo h'f th timo iu succession Burwood lost tho toss. The wicket was good, though slow and easy, giviug tbu bowlers uo assistance. Charles Gregory und Pita opeiiod for the South and shaped iu a way lhat promised a lengthy period of fielding. Howover, Grugory after makiug 25 played ovor what was almost a yorker ou the leg stump. Evors uud Bowdon addod ruus, but wore both run out through bad judgment. Iu tho latter caso, howevor, Pito was, I hear, really out. Kvors, who bud made 21, was also run out in tho lust match. Bowdeu got 20 Tho third wickot foil at 103, but soveu wuro down at 14S. Pitu'a 43 wero noatly and correctly put togethur. Hargroaves 25 not out, HodirkiuBon 20, Walters 17. The rest of the butting was tame. Three aud a half hours' butting produced 20S, ou a ground whore tho hall travelled very fast to too closu boundaries. B. Burbour, fresh from u six weeks' spell, kept ouo end going for over throo hours, gottiug six wiokels for 88. Ferris bowled tho best of tbo rest and should havo had two wiokota. Burwood havo mado 18 without thu loss of a wiokot, L. Deauo 12 (throe 4's). With 190 to got against a strong-* bowling toam next Saturday's play will bo interesting enough. ' . ??.??? ...-?-.. Pito is a modol of consistency. In sis out of nino inuiugs ho has iiiada over iiO ruus. Ho promises to mako a fliio stylish and busy batsmau when be matured. '?...' South Sydnoy have won five and drawn ono in six cousecutivo mutches. '? , .' On their own cround Loicuhardt compiled 253 agaiust East Sydney, this being thu second timo of their exceeding 200 in au iimiiisB. Jauson again came out of his shell, oolipsiug His batting porforaiarioo against Wavorloy by making 113 not out— tbo first century ever got for Loiobbardt. in looal oriukot. B. Calvor also, contributed 30, C. Clemont 25, E. G. Noble and Woulaott 12 each, and Ashdowull J.Bansbaw with four for 52, Puriitt two for 20, and Co'wlishaw two for 30 secured tho best bowling results. .. . .... ? Tbo batting form, or shall wo say tho con sistency, of Bedtorn is deteriorating. On a porfuot wicket at the Sydnoy Criokot Ground they woro dismissed by Paddiugton for 133 runs. Tbo fourth wickot full at 31. Then Watts aud Searlo put on C9 runs, after whioh1 tho good old collapse aguin ootin. Watts got'' (i'J not out by very nioo, oouliduut crioknt, hitting ten 4'b. He has an uvorugo of olose upon 50 for his dub (aidod by throo not outs). Possessing a very strong dofunco, ho ought to bo ii. usoful batsman to send to Iho wickets first. Sourlc, who has not experienced iuuoh luck this soiiHon, got 22 neatly, and Cresn'ick mado bis usual double figures. Vory fow ot tho batsmon uudorstoodNoblo's bowliug— they pokod tho ball up ou the off side. Ho captured eight for «7, aud trundled' iu first-class stylo.. Ho is tho third bowlor to obtain eight wiokots in ono inuings of club oriokot this sonson, Austin, of Wavorloy, and Marsh, of South Syduoy, being tho others. Pitt's slows wore responsible for two wiokots at ii' cost of 50 runs. Truinpor delivered S overs, 5 maidous, 7 ruus. Paddington bad an hour to bat, and in that time rattled np 95 for the loss of Mackenzie's wiokefc, run oue. Hud tho big man endeavored. to roach tho oroaso ho could oasily havo dono so, as -Puroall did not tako thn bull from iho return. Mackenzie, who made 20, got anchored hnlf way, and then gave up tho ghost, for Truinpor had shot through liko a streak of lightning. Trumpor 59 not out (nino 4's aud a 5), nnd Noblo 10 not out. Tho butting oiW clnssod that of Bedfern, Trniupor's being ?suporb in ovory scuso. Tho colt is playing wondorfnl criokot— daubing, finishod, versa tilo. With anything liko fair luck ho should astonish tho world of cricket iu next year's bh; mutches. His premiership uvm-ngo is 198, made up thus: ' 82, '123,. 133, 35, 120 not out, 191 not out, and 59 not out. Hin aggrogato is 735 for four- finished innings. Bodfern's bowlers, with tho exception of Purooll, wero hit about vory merrily. . In enmpotition matches Paddlngton's last five wickots have produced G93 runs, mudo up thus: 29Sfor two wickets against Globe, 390 for two wickets against Burwood. and 90 fur ouo wiokot against Bodfvrn. Otbor big scores by tbo side include IJUli for five wickots against North Syduoy, and 320 for four wickets against South Sydney. North Sydnoy aro following up tlioir henvy run- getting agaiust Burwood (329) and East Sydney (440 for three wickots) with a good iuuiugs al thu expense of Central Cumberland on Iho Parrumatta Oval.' .'.287 .for seven wiukets is, of course, not an extraordinary afternoon's score on tho Purrainatta ground, yot it is oxcellont for North Sydnoy. Karl Quist (who. got 14S) and F. Wade put up 81 for tho first wicket, the hitter's sham being 3(1. Kaysur mado 29, Hopkins and W. Duff' 15 each, N. Y. .Duuuo 12 Hot out, J. Miniiett 18 not out, and B. A. Dnl' 10. The most oon sisieiifc run-t'ottor for his club this season, Quist, is to bo warmly congratulated upon having succcudod iu passing all his other efforts, and -ruining the throe figures. Ho hit twonty-onu 4's. He has somo capital scores to his credit— Hi, 2, 13, 22, 35, 53, 44, and 148. Wilson socurod three wiokots, and Pyo, Farquhar, uud Fitzgerald. ' ono each. This match will probably bo drawn. In tile season's competitions Iho bnt trick has only been done throe times, ouco eaoh by A. Coningham and ID. Creswiuk in thu First Grade, and by G. Bogora, of Burwood II., in the Second Grade. ; ? In Iho evont of Truinpor getting a century next Saturday, it will bo tho fifth this season. Ho ulreudy holds ths club record with four in 