-T'E HAUTNTED , MOUNTAI it,-PNS; JCOLONEL 00D'S SE.AROH j A ROMANCE OF; TIIE_ WEST. : D By COLQNEL PRENTISS. INGR?AM. utuor of .Tde 31'Ssteiilus Ilanil in lue." CIPAPTERt XLIV .--THE CAPT1VE .' It was a strange tnomentsto Cody,to f eet tha't hil had. surrenderted to rel-, .skin.. n all :of his. strange, eventful life. In alhich truth and reality had been :.fnr stranger than flnhiln, where romance 'and stern facits ad libeen woven most : Rtro?gly,.together Cody. had nevser suf-. fered nsohe did at-the moment when he uttered the words, in:releponse to the re negade hief i - -e:.- ; \- U ý ?.Fder the eircumstanees we :ca do o'sotbingtel sei ai "?P liOe w?. :th'9e[ ofr thc'redsli.ns'i o 'c use duty nand5,hioso. lHie fought the o,'Ihdiiads because the latter fought 'the i. iltes, uit he held in his heart a warm pc1,-se,Ior poor Lo. -. :-, ;here was eompassion for him, and a .'e'ret that.the Indian would not accept -tlie stern alternative fthat civelisation .must rule, but foughtt foot by foot for the, hunting grounds of his people, the 'land that held the bones of his fore fathers, defying the advance of-the Star '.'of-Empire,-only to die before' the, rilles of the soldiers. Because duty called, then. Cody 'ans the enemy, of the Indians, and in battle their most terrible for, though when the hatchet was buried he was their friend. Noiwthe famous Pa-e-has-ka was com pelled to surrender to. the enemy, who :Ie knew would be only too glad' to put S-llm:to death by torture. .Elt had tie pledge of the white chief that his life: wsould be spared. But hel took no accouniof such a promise from such a 'source. f lie.only looked at, it \- th't-to continue the struggle then would be .the sure death, of Lieutenant Sea ford, hls other, three scouts, and him self..: The Ileutenant himnself had been twice slightly wounded. But the chief -of scouts, though disregarding the white renegade's pledge, felt that while there was life there was hope; so he whispered to Lieutenant Seaford, who replied : "Yes, Cody, there Is.no telling. We ?ay find means of escape." So the renegade stepped forward and took the rifles, revolvers, and knives of his five prisoners. Ite eyed Cody curl .nusal as he did so, then glared at' the officer, and last at the three scouts. "You made a desperate fight Cody. I do not wonder that you have won a big name when you can light like that, and have men stand by your side and do the same." "You have won, renegade - we have lost: and that is all there is to it," said the scout::- : "Yes. we have won --captured five .men, killed three others, as a. balm for a most -oerwihelming defeat. Fortu 'nately, my band of heroes has done this, or I might' not be very popular among my red brothers.' As.it is, I have donie wonders, for I have: captured :Colonel Cody. ..Then. stoo, I have killed three \- of his men, and .also hold as prisoners a'n arniy officer and three scouts." ' "Oh, stop talking, and go on with your work." "What-work?" ::Why. robbing, of course; for you lhave not robbed us yet, and. I have a .Iwatch ,and.- chain, a ring, . and some m?oney"'., ; , ?"Ah, I,-was overlooking that duty." Sneered the renegade, while Lieutenant Seaford looked at the scout with sur Sriso. to feel that he h had sugested that they should be robbed, .-But Cody whispered. ' "It s-'better :of him to ge?all than. the. -red:skitl, as we shall know Wlert tofind tlhem'-tf?-opp-rthifil.y "Offer: - The lieutenant upon this promptly handed over h'lslwatch and chain, gold sIeeye-buttons, and what,money he had with him, the three scouts doing likewise: Just as he.did so back down the canyon was heard the loud notes of a bugle 'sounding a charge. The effect was' startling, for the rene-, gade. quickly ordered ponies to be brought, and the prisoners were told to mount them, while, as the bugle sounded 'again, and nearer, the isa'rriois sprang 1,pon their hordes and a rapid retreat: was begun. \- "The cavalry have come on, after all," said Lieutenant Seaford. "Had they been half anihour sooner we would not now be captives." t'But tthis storia will. prevent their pushing much further; so we are de stined to'see the Indian village," re -turned th' chief of scouts. - After going half a mile, surrounded by w'rriors, thd prisoners were halted, and they were bound.securely to thes ponies upon which they had been mounted. "'"Now I'think we are safe, for your ca \- valry will not:dare ,'enture far In the faceorf this storm," saild thei renegade .chief. i? . And as all were suffering with cold, tie ordered his braves to push on at a gallop Sso, that a camp'could" be made to warm them: a btslyi idi ! CHAPTER XLV. THE WEIRD BUGLER. Back:on his trail through' the fatal .canyon where Cody and his party had : been captired came a horseman, slowly followlng ini the track left by the rene gade aind his band . S-Bo~0i horse and rider are worthy of description; forit was ah odd pair to see upon a trall- Just such as the supersti .tious man would be looking for at mid onght-and ?inithe vicinity,of a grave Syard. - . Butthlas appeaed to be a ghost visible by daylight--a phantom horse and rider Sylthout moonliglit effects.. -:The jorse` appeared to be sno-wh-lte, and:might have been; lut a closer Iboko revealed that his head was completely \- env;eloped in a white indldarubber cotl, -his neck also. - . T : heat his body was covered with a rolie of theosame description, falling as fait ss td'o li iieies and over his haunches, .completely enveloping him arid sheddinig the snow as.it fell. : ThFlis covering fitted over the siobdle, ;.nd thriiugh holes upon either sle'.of'it Spipe;ied white reins. T_. he:rlderwa ns enveloped.from head to foot in tl~i si~ni waterproof kind of robe, -rnd itlooakedi"as: though - he was weli wrapped Oultbeheath to protect him from the cold; , At any ratecfirom the white toque on , Ils he.adto hlsbbhbts lie was enveloped n a-"0 aterproorqgoverig.n .: -His-lac wasfhlelded bye iethitse tns $a.t~l 'to resemble a skelton faee,.the ley~ gtarintt ilgtiY out througlst'ltS, o .'cktS, ahlle:the ands'were protected \- tiiyianetgive, patitedl to resemble leletli n anger, -' -' > - -' -Behlnd-the-saddle of Ithe weird'rlder •."as a large roll of 1 luankets, also en 'Vreloped;aiwhite 'aferproof, yhlite:hags ';of the sa'me descripton, withfood-faor mhan anitd iirse, hung upon elthei side. ' '-A rifrapointed wltitel.as sluingto the s:addle-hiti, andrevolvers werb hidden, 'Jn holste'rs, and thuis, sheltered. Altoge -th~er thehdir'e and rider presentes an ap: , oearance thit Was weird and startling \- seen by the light of dity.: and wouldohave .bheen dtrangely:po hy night. '. ;,,'he hobte was a large one, and moved -,long as though IU no way fatigued. Stiddenl?ithe horsemnan paused. He had bheard cries ahead. They were the wild 'wr-cries of white men. ' Tlhen, mingled with them, were heard -the Indian war-cries. The phantom-like horseman listened attentively. His horse .pricked his ears forward and seemed a trifle nervous. N?earer grew the sounds, but the horse :man kept iis position. He looked like one to scare rather than to be seared. 2ee sat there for some time, neither horse nor rider seeming to feel the bitter cold wlind that was driving through the can yon, or to care for the falling, blinding p0OW; • .. - N 'elrer, and nearer srew the. sounds. They; were' evidilely cointlig back- downi the canyon., Then came a lull, then .a rifle dolley and foll o\vnin'- was a wiild chorus otf war-cries'' They ncame too, from thle lips of palfnaces. Next. was heard tlhe cracking of revol vers,.and - ,tese rattled rapidly and fiercely for a :while.!;Then:these ceased their deadly rattle; anidagain were heard the defiant cries from pale-fadc lips,'fol lowed. by exultant .shouts from many 