HANNAH PURVES' FIRST AND JOHLY LOVE. w BY NELLIE BROWN. The hill road was very lonely. It stretched, white as chalk, between $he unfenced moorland for miles," broken here and there by a rough group of nrhins. or diving into a belt of firs,, set as close as bristles in a brush, and af fording no glimpse of even .the noonday sun to the scantily-mossed ground underneath. The great bare hills of the Lammermoors succeeded each other, .with the same swell of green heather, "coarse grass, and black whins as far as the eye could each. Hannah Purves came to her door to shake the cover of the dresser. She .was tidying the best room— she did not Weary of dusting it over and over— it ,was occupation. She was a Tather plain woman, and sallow, and her hair dressed in an old-fashioned way added five apparent years to her age. i Being at the door, she stood and look ed. The pee-wits shrilled and wheeled on the slope to the left, by the roadside to the right the sheep were aimlessly congregating and separating. The "deep sunlight brooded over everything. Far down on the road a speck moved and crawled. Hannah watched it for a few moments, and went back into the bouse. After the glare of the sunlight, the room wa salmost dark, for the window Was crowded with geraniums, and their broad leaves turned edgeways to the fight, blocked the panes, 'and all their big trusses of blossom, scarlet, pink ,and white, leane.d in the same di rection, hungry for the sunlight. She fcpread the white cloth on the polished bureau, and began to replace the orna ments, which she had set on the centre itabl'e— the white china dogs, the old sil- yer lustre teapot without lid, the red hen With a slit in her back for pennies. She jwiped each mechanically, slowly, and < put it methodically into the place it had occupied. There was a faint cry from the next .room, followed by a few feeble knocks With a stick. Hannah hastily set down ithe red hen, and went through to the kitchen. Everything in the kitchen was also spotlessly clean, but there was an atmosphere of suffocating heat, and a sickly smell from the pot of pig's meat boiling on the fire. An old woman, in a clean, stiffly- Starched white cap, sat in a chair at !the side of the fire. She was helpless with age, and crippled from the consequences of a paralytic shock; her face, wrinkled and drawn, but still alert, .seemed the ipnly thing living about her. In one of her big, weak-knotted hands she heid an oaken stick, with which she rattled on the floor to attract Hannah's atten- Ition. "What o'clock is't, Hannah?" she asked, querulously. "Just aboot three," answered Han nah. "Are ye no through wi' that room yet?" "Yes, I'm dune." She lifted the heavy pot, and set it to one side. "Are ye .wearyin' on ye're tea, granny? I'll hing on the kettle — it'll be boilin' sune." "I dinna ken what I'm wearyin on," said the old woman, in the thin, vague ly fretful tones of age. "D'ye see nae- ithing o' your brother?" "He canna be liame yet," said Han nah. "If he no gets spree'd again," said 'the grandmother. "There's nae use meetin sorrow half way," said Hannah, quietly. She lifted jher stocking, and began to knit. The .kitten emerged from below the table, humped its back, and made a clutch at Ithe wool. There was a rap at the door. "Dinna open it, Hannah; it's some seekin' body, and we're two lone wee- fiiin," said her grandmother. "I'll see whae it is," said Hannah. She peered out of the window, keeping fcarefully behind the curtain. Then She fell back a step, white as a ghost. : "The minister?" hazarded Mrs Purves. 1 "Wait a meenit; it's a man I ken," said Hannah. She breathed hard, and looked strangely scared. But as the rap was repeated she went to the door, and 'opened it. , "Weel, here am I," said the perspiring man on the threshold. "I telled ye I Was eomin' to see ye — some day." "Ye've ta'en your time," said Hannah, a. little drily. "That's five' year since." "No that, surely. Hold on, I want to jspeak to ye — " "But come in and sit doon," said Han- lnah, relenting. "This is my granny. jGranny, this is Mi Giennie — I dinna ken 5f I ever spoke to ye about him— we got Bcquent when I was in service." Mrs Purves eyed Mm suspiciously With her vivid dark glance, as he step ped in sweltering and wiping his fore head, with mingled embarrassment and heat. ' - - "I was through this way," he said Apologetically. " I thought' Hannah— Sliss Purves— would excuse me gien' her a. cry in. I hope ye're weel, mem." This With an evident -desire to propitiate. "Just meddlin",'." said the old woman. 'We've a right to be thankf u' — but I'm fcwfu' frail." v "And hoo are ye a'?" asked Hannah, with a faint moifltory emphasis on the; last worcL Sfae had remained standing, and preserved a cold severity of mien. ..The stranger suddenly turned purple. "She's .been ta'en awa," he said. "I nedna' make nae secrets f rae you. It wa£ the drink did it. . . . . Woman, ye dinna ken what a life I hae had. . . There's a, little ane tae. . . A cripple, puir taed. . it's mither let it fa, when she wasna.' right. .. «. I hae ha'en an awfu life . . an awfu life." "Ye needna speak against her now, onyway," said Hannah, in the same grim monotone. "Hannah ye might gie the man a drink o' milk," interrupted the old woman, who, only half-hearing the words, and not at all comprehending them, yet took pity on his heated look, "Dinna. fash," urged Alec Giennie. "Gh, I wasna thinking," said Hannah. She went into the back recesses of the house Slid returned with a glass of creaming milk on a tray. "It's rale kind, but I wasna' heedin'," said Giennie, as he took the tumbler. "It'll take the stoor oot o' your throat," said Mrs Purves. "I think I'll 'be gaun," said the visi tor. "Will ye speak a meenit, Hannah?" he added in a, lower key, while he shook hands with theMnvalid. "I dinna think it ser's," said Hannah, but she went with him to the door. "Ye ken what it means — me comin' here," he said, anxiously scanning her i pale, set face. "I hae -some notion." I "Will ye — will ye look owre t? — I ken I no used ye weel — will ye marry me now?" "No," said Hannah, clearly but de cidedly. "I couldna make -up my mind to face ye again; but I put on the resolution. I can gie ye a hame — ye'ed be guid to the helpless wee crater — and I aye like ye, Hannah, though I was infatuate " 'There's nae use gaun back on auld stories," said Hannah. "I hae a helpless enough crater to look after here. I'm muckle obleeged to ye." She closed the door, and he stood stupidly staring at the handle in humiliation and anger for a few moments. The pee-wits screamed and wheeled; the vast silence of the moor land mocked them. For a moment he meditated on knocking again — then he turned and heavily descended the road. "What was he? what was he wantin'? " demanded Mrs Purves, insistently. "I used to ken him," said Hannah. But a tear scalded her eyes. In her pride ami wrath she had shut the door on the one love of her life. It was some six months later. Mark Purves came in with a quick step at an unexpected time, and his sister, who was standing at the table straining her eyes over a sheet of paper, hastily put it away, and replaced the ink bottle in the corner of the press with a confused air, which her brother was too much occu pied to notice. Hannah wore a black gown; the chair by the fire was empty. "I brought up the paper frae Duns," said Mark, tossing it on the table. "The notice is a' right, but-I bad to pay a shilling for the deeply regretted." "I'll see it the now when I light the lamp," said Hannah. "Han, what d'ye think o me gettin' married?" asked Mark, abruptly. "Was ye thinkin' o't?" said Hannah, letting, her paper spill burn her finger in her amazement, not unmixed with dismay. Mark nodded. "Whae on.?" "Liza Colvin owre at Farney Mill." "Is't settled?" "Lang syne. Only, ye ken, she no cared aboot comin' in to bather wi' her." "I think that's gey hertless o' ye, Mark," said Hannah, stung into plain speech, "Baith o' ye— just waitin or she was away. Ye might hae telled me ony way." "Ther was nae use makin' ye mad," said Mark, coolly. "And ye needna be mad, yet; it makes nae odds." "And what aboot me?" asked Hannah, directly. Her brother's selfish eyes fell. "Oh, weel," he said, uneasily, " ye'lLno likely he wantin' to bide. Ye'll can get a place, easy enough; it's nae advantage to ye bidin' here." "It's a fine way to treat a body," said Hannah, bitterly. "Ye've just made a tool o' me, Mark— I gied up a guid place, and guid chances, to come here, and I've gotten a my thanks in ae day." "Ye can bide for the term if ye -like," said Mark, sullenly and shamefacedly. "I'll speak to Liza." "Ye needna. This is a' her git-up. But ye needna concern yersel aboot me. I ken what I'll dae — and maybe I'll no seek a place either." She thought with secret exultation of the half-written letter in her apron pocket. "Ob, weel, if ye dae yersel' a guid turn it'll no hurt me," said Mark, and loung ed out of the house. Hannah took out her letter and looked at it. Alas, she had huddled it by in haste, undi-ied, and it was all blurred and blotted. "I'll write the morn when Mark's oot the road," she decided, and took up the paper. "Puir granny," she thought, "little ye dreamed that sly Lizzie was ready, to step into your shoon." \- She looked at the column which re cords' the commencement, the crisis, the close of eventful and . uneventful lives. And her heart seemed to stop beating as she read among the marriages: "At Edinburgh, by the Rev. Ninian Dinwoodie, Alexander Giennie, to Mary Landells,' eldest daughter of the late Walter Keith." . She laid the paper down quietly, ana sat collecting her stunned thoughts. She remembered the baker's eldest daughter well— a large, slow woman, with a rather gentle aspect, who since her father's death had attempted a little dressmak ing wlthvery doubtful success. "He needit a hoosekeeper; and she needit a hame," she said, half aloud. "I see. And it's my ain blame if it wasna me." She bad no resentment; only a dull sense of prospectless rregret. She took out her blotted letter again — a letter to Alec— and her pride gave her a momen tary flash of gladness that she had not sent it. There it was, blurred and in complete— like life. She put it into the fire, and it flared— then the. red sparks ran on the black tinder— tiiere was an end of her romance — and she turned a heavy heart to the column headed, "Wanted, Domestic Ser vants." — "Illustrated Edinburgh News." 