TeyriTble Burning Ac- ' cident. . .. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT . . . .". ; STEAM-PIPE IN: A BATH. HIS (FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE. A STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. \- - , AN AWFUL SIGHT. While In a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr; Jarvis had the misfortune 'to slip iand fall on the hot water -pipes, and before iha could be rescued .'he .was scalded and burnt in a terrible- way. The Shook of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for .a . number. .of years after he was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly firomi locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few mouths ago, however, reports began 'to be circulated, in the neighourhood that Mr. Jar vis was getting round again, and that he had had a - most marvellous recovery from this aparenaly .incurable malady. It was on ac count of these rumours that a special re porter from the Sydney "Worker" was de spatched. to get all the Information regarding same, and1 one afternoon ho made his way to his. house, ,45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thos. Jarvis was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, land his face declared him one of the "happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about,- and able to answer 'the knock at the door. .-Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a. oritlen.1 illness anil a ner.inrl of pain, it was very clear that he 'was an invalid no-, more. In. fieply- to the preliminary questions he said: — "You want to know all about my case- Well, , I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The: facts may bo of value to those whp are stricken as I was." "H6w ltfng were you suffering?" "Well; twelve months ago I got so bad that- 1 had .to leavte off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident; I was ba'fily scalded while taking a bath in Pitt- str'eet, Sydney. Since the accident I hav» been in falling health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to glvle up my billet at the Glebe Island." .. iWliat .lyere the symptoms?" . .--.Simply- indescribable. The pains were something' terrible. They were just about a3i-much as I could bear. ThJey were for .ah -.the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no: control over my bowels or bladder, and 'waq;ia-:riulsarice' to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and count neither eat nor: sleep. On the 23rd March last. I saw a -well-known doctor, and ;hc:told me that, my case was utterly .hope less. However, he: gave me an- order to the Director of ' Charitable ' Institutions." "Did you make use of the order?" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five' weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact,' I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a .question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me. and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to. the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty In po-ordinatlng voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for te'11 years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked lib: legs about with energy to show that medical opinion Is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I 'grasped at an Idea conveyed by the ad vertisement describing th'e cure effected in the case of another bollerhiaker in England which I rend in the 'Australian Workman,' by- Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale Peo ple.- I read In the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own-. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as It was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It . was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was Incredible. I Immedi ately left the bed and was able to move about. You £ee those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Wlllij.ms' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." "He. is ' 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come In and taken the baby on . her knees, "The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills :for Pale People have saved his life, and 'made another man of him.'.' . - A friend who called in at tills point said that Jarvis looked, ten years younger that day. than he did a fortnight previous. "I can now," continued. Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back Into- my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. . Williams' Pink pills, They have saved my iife. I am. in no pain now,, whatever, and feel like a new man. Oil llif: niantelpilece there is a box of . opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave nje to deaden the excruciating pain. But tliey- can stay where they are. for I no longer need th'em. Everybody who knows me lias been amazed at the change in me. They can hard ly believe their eyes.1 My being about again lias caused ouito a sensation out here." Sueh Is the remarkable, history, and It con firms what is said In all the chief newspapers of this country of 'the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weak ness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pain in the back, nervous hend- oclie, &c.; Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen,' leader of the labour party In the- N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter hi connection with the remarkable ease of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis fromi in- fntl f>V Hfl fllon lmoitr ibnt hn hn/l »lirn am »»%. "'IV «v 1 IV »» lllUib I1U I1U.II IP (Jive il|J his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he de veloped. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bedridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He undersood Jar vis was refused admission to Sydney Hospi tal, as Ills case had been pronounced Incur able. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams Medicine Co., Queen's-place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order, one box -for. 2s Oil, or half- dozen for 15s 3d. See that the genuine 'Dr. Williams' are gotten. 