A Terrible Experience.! A MAN FOUND ON THE MT, * IDA TRACK PERISHING FROM THIRST. FATAL RESULTS FEARED. Last evening Messrs M. Grace and Whittle, who had just returned from Mount Ida, brought news of the terrible experience of a man named James Hall, aged about 43 years, whom they picked up at about II a.m. yesterday at the Diorite Hill, about S3 miles from Menzies and about 20 cnainB on the Menzies side of thet junction of the tracks to Mount Ida. Hall was in a perishing condition from thirst at the time he was sighted by the gentleman, named, and was eating salt-bush about six or seven yards from the edge of the road. He was in a state bordering oh insanity, and only at intervals could he give any coherent statements of his movements. He was endeavouring to cut an artery of his arm with a piece of a bottle which he had broken, so that lie might quench his thirst by drinking hi3 own blood. In bis lucid intervals he stated that he had left Smith's condenser at the lake at about 11 a.m. on Friday morning, only taking one gallon. of water with him. He got off the Jda track and wandered along the roid.to the Isabel se, some time after passing which he came to the Mount Ida track again. The peril of this journey on one gallon of water may be imagined when it is stated that the next watering place is at Barnfield's bore, a distance of more than 40 miles Irom Smith's condenser. ! He left his swag, to which he attached i a note giving his name, and stating he. was making for the Government bore, at about 3 miles on tbe Menzies side of the ghost rocks, arid must have walked from this spot to where he was found, a distance of 20 miles, without a drop of water. Messrs Grace and Whittle made a bed with bushes and rugs, and after administering a little stimulant to the unfortunate man, drove him slowly ,n to Smith's condenser, which they reached about 7 o'clock in the evening Fearing tbe jolting of the buggy would only hasten his death, they decided to leave him in charge oi Mrs Smith, and came into Menzies to inform the police. Sergeant Mitcbell and Dr. Corlis immediately proceeded to the liake, but it is feared the poor fellow is beyond human aid. It was fortunate that Mr Grace took, the track -on which Hall was found, as on the onfc trip he had gone the shorter way, and it was on account of the rough state of^th'^.triack be'decided to, return by the other road; ' Hall,it'was gathered, had been for. some time employed at, ' the Crusoe mine, and is a single man. He was under engagement made at Coolgardie and proceeding to start work at the' Ida leases. • A salutary lesson to those who are in the habit ofengaging men for the back country is taught by Hall's misfortune, as it is certainly shameful that men under such engagements ^should be asked or permitted to travel through country unknown to them without' every provision being made for such emergencies. " • Messrs Whittle and Grace are deserving /of every praise for ' their humane efforts to relieve the Unfortunate man's distress, • and but for them he would probably have been added to the list of unknowns wfco "have perished in'thIiB'i)ack'c6nim^. 8 . h /- • ' ' 