Reflections of Bay t\\\e Another case where woman did not get her rights. Mrs. Marton, with her husband, appeared at the West London Police Court charged with building a house with bad mortar, " altering plans, and otherwise contravening the regulations of the Local Board. The building appears to have belonged to Mr. Marton, but she was not allowed to undertake the defence, which was manifestly unfair. " The height of injustice ' was reached when Mr. Marton was fined £15 6s with the option of three months durance vile. No wonder Mrs. Marton protested volubly and had to be escorted out of the Court. Woman will never come into her own until she is allowed to pay her own fines and do it "on 'cr 'ead" herself. Birds of a feather flock together. A man whom we will name Charles Joe, so that no one will know who we mean, once criticised a writer who used the heading " Over a Cigarette," thusly :—" Fancy a man talking about cigarettes in a newspaper." And the very paper which characterises this kind of criticism as " a clever satire," can find room in its cable columns for an excerp from Joseph Hatton's " Cigarette Papers" in the Newcastle " Weekly Chronicle." The men who write Open Letters are not satirists ; they are simply monkeys who ape the style of clever writers and by their writings only strengthen the Darwinian theory that men are descended from long haired chimpanzees, which evidently are not yet extinct And naturally thereby hangs a tale, but it is between the legs of certain newspapers now. The Typographical Society have put the ban on the sweat pots of Perth and the aforesaid sweat pots of the one part and their hireling of the other part, are only able to turn round and bark. They cannot bite. Monkeys are born nimble and their favorite pastime always has b^en to climb up high and throw things from a distance, principally nuts. Which would account for the milk in the Vospah Kokumnut, so to speak. \- We once ran a newspaper for a man for a considerable time, and after reducing ourselves in weight to the extent of five stone, and buying up all the comic papers within sight and in various othir ways trying to manufacture a brand new journal, we invited criticism from our boss. It came, and this is what it was, " I think it is a damned rag, "Tionestl}* speaking." Yet word merchants would seek beyond such as this man for clever satire. When we looked for our sc ew a:sd it didn't walk like any other well regulated ghost, we said to the proprietor, have 3 7 ou any of the necessary ? Yes, said he. Could you advance a sensation on account ? Yes, said he. But will \ T ou ? NO, said he most emphatically. That was satire. But when he said, Couldn't you get out something special this week ? We replied Yes. When he asked if we would do it, we replied ' no blooming fear.' That was clever satire, but it meant the sack. Believe me, where you find satire, particularly the spurious or Sunday kind, you may rest assured that the man who wrote it either got 9s. 6d. back out of a quid after having a John Henry Woodser, or else reached the ground just after the other man had found the nugget. It isn t funny, it is only a finnicking kind of humor peculiar to gorillas and parrots . When a barber says he shaved 50 per cent more people one day than he did another, he is recognised as a liar ; when a man talks fifty per cent more bnckwasji thrn a ten blade propellor could create, he i-4 certain to be called a goldfields member ; but when a newspaper through a halfpennj tin trumpet, or strumpet (whatever you like) informs the public that its sales have gone up fifty per cent, although no more papers have been printed than previously, and newsboys and agents avow that they have had more returns than ever, it is proclaimed in & putrid, political,, pennorth as " a clever satiie." That morning paper ought to be styled the Family Herald as it is beginning to revive the faded traditions of cleverness once associated with that ehurnal—by servant girls. " The glorious uncertainty" is a term which applies to the reception of artists at a music hall equally as well as the turf, and the fact was strikingly exemplified at Cremorne the other night on the occasion of Mr. Sydney Deane's benefit, when an amateur comic singer received a stronger mark of approval than any of the professionals (barring the beneficiare) and a lady who is highly appreciated on concert platforms was practically insulted by the audience. There is 110 good mincing matters in these cases, and to say the very least of it this West Australian style of receiving an artiste who had lent her services to Mr. Deane's cause was an open insult to that gentleman. It is not so long ago since Mr. Phillip Newbury, the famous tenor, addressing a crowded Tivoli audience in Sydney (which had first hissed him, because in his turn he had replaced an Irish comedian who had done more than his share, and then upon his return to the stage, after walking off deliberately, had cheered and applauded) said : " Ladies and Gentleman, I know not whether your insults are not as valuable as your compliments. It is not my intention to sing." And he didn't, which made the rag-tag and bob-tail Australian alleged critics wonder. The critics who can appreciate an amateur turn at comic singing in preference to a good concert singer, have more knowledge Shan a blow-fly but not half as much idea of music.' They deal with this kidney in quite a business-like mg.nn-sr in London. When these jibers and squeaking snobs interfere with a turn, they are promptly shot out into the road. But of course they are not anything like so critical as an Australian audience, any performance will please them. The only thing is that some of the turns which are characterised as good here wouldn't be tolerated in a penny gaff in London. Which shows the superiority of Australian criticism, doesn't it ? The Sea Ghost was an appropriate name for the vessel which has just been looted and destroyed in the Solomon Island Group, and whose crew eventually formed the principal items in a startling bill of fare for the islanders, whose artistic taste in this respect can be attested by missionaries who have had the good fortune to be lean and lank and consequently unfit for epicurean palates. It ought to have been called a ghostly not a ghastly story. This is one of the uncertainties of island trading, and those who embark upon it would do well to resort to the ancient and spear proof armour protection. Th ere is 110 doubt it carries weight. ~ The mere fact of an armoured sailor falling upon a native and rendering him in the same tender condition as a beefsteak after the inflictions of a rolling pin, would be sufficient to command respect in the eyes of these hungry cannibals. You see there's nothing to them in a name or else they wouldn't have butchered Cook, the famous captain. If a man with a name like that couldn't gain their respect and admiration, nothing but an axe and a cross cut saw would. Therefore armour, being a thing well known in connection with meat, is the best insurance investment for island traders It is a disgrace to these Gospel vending companies that they have through their representatives, educated the natives up to a love of baked and boiled humanity, which anyone will admit is really an acquired taste. It was not until the psalm dealers began to get rid ot their good old has-beens by making them missionaries that the islanders recognised what a juicy and succulent morsel man is, when cooked in the primitive methodist style with boot and umbrella sauce; and now when a vessel comes along with five or six men they simply have a beano. Of course when good, fresh, prime man comes along you can't blame the natives for snapping it up in preferance to missionary, which is mostly old and as tough as the hide of a certain political sandgroper. We have had several drinks and given this matter our serious consideration, and the conclusion we have come to is that if the Solomon Islanders can thus break up a Sea Ghost, they are entitled to become possessors of the Sea Serpent, as they would make glad over the arrival of this nuisance to the pui lie, and deal a death blow to the Liars' League, who have, with this demon, so long rivalled Perth sausages in the manufacture of nightmare. A fragment of a love letter picked up in Barrack-street the other night read :—" hav dun evreything to plees him and I supos you don't like me sins the new border came, but wen you want monney me will be the one you want — — — never iuvved anybode as your Bill, wen we wer 1 comeing bak from the theter an I bort th." lolees and peraps she has a more trewer hart if she has not good looks with the letter dosn't come I will no you have desidded to brake it." 'Tis strange what passions shake our mortal clay. Monday is a bad day for the dailies so the " Family 'Erald" dumps two columns of humbug from its weekly imitation newspaper into the issue of the 5th. and labels it "A clever Satire." The man who wrote the drivel would find a more appropriate title in " Damfiction," than the one he now uses, which is in common use on road engines. Tommy Atkins bids fair to become a respectable member of Society. He is establishing his claim by becoming teetotal. From the lately published returns of the Army Temperance Association it appears that our Indian Army is rapidly becoming sort of Band of Hope. The last two or three years have seen such an enormous increase in the number of soldiers who have taken the pledge that now one man in every three is a total abstainer. And, as a mathematical consequence, every one of the rest is next door to a teetotaler. 