THE STORY OF OHDUR- MAN. (London 'Daily Mail,' September 23.) II. It was now twenty minutes to 10. The British had crested a low jidge between Gebel Sttrgbatn and the Nile; Maxwell's brigade was ja6t ascending it, Lewis's jnet coming np under the hill. Men who could go where they liked were nf with the British, staring hungrily at Omdnrman. Suddenly from.rearwari broke out a heavy crackle* of fire. We thought perhaps a dt zen men or so had been shammiog dead ; we went on staring at Omdurman. But next instant we had to turn and galloped hot-heeled back again. For the ctackle became a crashing, and the crashing waxed to a roar. Dervishes were fi iag at us from the top of Gebel Surgham. dervishes were firing behind and to the right of it. The 13th Soudanese were hounding up the hill, Lewis's, brigade had hastily faced to its right westward, and was volleying for lite; Macdonald's beyond, still facing northward, was a sheet of flashes and a roll of smoke. What was it? Had they come «o life again ? No time to ask ; reinforcements or ghosts, they were on us,.and the battle was begun ail again. To understand, you must hear now what we only heard afterwards. The derrieh army, it appeared, had not returned to Omdurman on the night of the 1st, but had bivouacked—40,000 or 50,000 of them—behind Gebel Sargh&m;, south-westward from Agaiga. The Khalifa had doubtless expected a sudden attack at daybreak, as at Fiiket, at Aba Hamed, on the Atbara ; as we marched by night to our positions before Omdurman he must have designed to spring upon our right flank. When day broke and no enemy appeared he divided his army into three corps. The first ai der Oiman Azrak attacked the village ; the second, with the green banner of Ali Wad Helu—with him AbduHjahi's eldest son, the Sheik-ed Din —moved towards Kerreri Heights to envelop our right; the third, under Abdulluhi himself and his brother Yakub, remained behind Surghaoi ready, as need might be, to envelop our left, or to act as a reserve and bar onr road to Omdurman. What befell the first you know; Oeman Asrak died with them. The second spread out towards our right, and there it fell in with the ' Egyptian cavalry, horse-battery, and camel corps. When Broadwood Bey fell back "before the attack, he sent word .of its coming to the Sirdar, atd received orders to remain outside the trench and keep the enemy in-front instead ot letting them get round the right. Accordingly he occupied the heights of Kerreri. But the moment he got to the top he found himself in face of Wad Helu'e unsuspected army corps—12,000 to 15,000 men against less than 2,000—and the moment he saw them they began swarming np the hill. There was Just a moment for decision, bnt one moment is all that a born cavaliy general needs. The next his galloper was fljring with the newe to the Sirdar, and the mounted troops were retieaticg northward. The choice lay between isolation, annihilation, or retreat on Agaiga and envelopments of the right. Broadwood chose th6 first, but even for that the time was short enough. The camels floundered on lhe rocky hillside, the guns dragged, the>whole mass of dervishes PURSUED THEM WITH A PELTING FI&E.; ~ Two gone lost all their horses and were abandoned ; the camel corps alone had over 60 men hit. As for the cavalry, they went back very hard pressed covering their comrades' retreat and their own by carbine fire. If the Egyptian . army but gave Victoria Grosses, there were many earned that day. Man after man rode back to bring in dismounted officers, and wauid hardly be-dissuaded from their endeavor when it was seen the rescued were plainly dead. It was the great day of trial—the day the pick of our cavalry officers have worked for through a weary decade and more—and the* Fayum fellah fought like a hero and died like a man. One or two short of 40 killed and wounded was the day's Joss : but they came eff handsomely. The army of the green flag was now on Kerreri heights, between them and the camp ; but" with Broadwood's force unbroken, behind it, -it paused from the meditated attack on the Egyptian right. In the pause three of the four gunboats caught it'and pepper-pastoied it over with shell and Maxim firer It withdrew fioui the river towards the centre again ; the instant a way was cleared the out-paced camel corps waB passed hack to_Agaiga. The cavalry hung ijpou the green flag's left till they withdrew clean southward and inland; then it moved placidly back to the infantry again. Thus much lor the right; on the left the British cavalry were in the stress of &n; engagement, less perfectly conducted, e v e n more'hardily fought out. They left the Zariba, as you heard, THE MOHENT THE ATTACK burned out, and pricked eagerly off to Omdurman. Verging somewhat westward, to the rear of Gebel Snrgham, they came on some 300 dervishes. Their . scouts had been over the ground a thousand yards ahead of them, and it was clear for a charge. Only to cut them off It was thought better to get a little we£t of tfeem, then left wheel, and thus gallop Mdofra on : them «nd drive them »way from their supports. The trumpet sang out the order, the troops glided into line, and, four cquadrons in column, the 21et Lancers swung into their first cbarge. Knee to kn^e, they swept on till they were but 200 yards from the enemy. Then suddenly—Ihen in a flash—they saw the trap. Between ihem and the 300 there yawned suddenly a deep ravine ; ont of the ravine there sprang ics'antly a cloud of dark heads and a brandished lightning of swords, and a thunder of savage voices. Mahmud smiled when he beard the tale in prison at Haifa, and said it was their favorite strategem. It had succeeded. Three thonssnd, if there was ones, to a short five hundred ; but it was too late to check now. Must go through with it now ! The blunders of British cavalry are the fertile seed of British glory; knee to. knee the Lancers whirled on. One hundred yards—fifty-—knee to knee— Slap ! ' It was just like that,' said a captain, bringing his fist hatd into his open palm. Ih rough the swordsmen they .shore without checking!—and then came the khor. The colonel at their head, riding straight through everything without sword or revolver drawn, found his horse on his 4 head, and the swords swooping about his own. He got the charger up again and rode on straight, unarmed through everything. The squadrons followed him down the fall. Horses plunged, blundered, recovered, fell; dervishes on the ground lay for the hamstringing cnt; OFFICERS PISTOLLED THEM in passing over, as one drops a stone into a backet; troopers thrust till lances broke, then tut: everybody vent on straight, throcgh everything, And through everything clean out the other Eide ttey came—these, that kept np or gpt up in time. The others were on the ground—in pieces by now, for the cruel swords shore through shoulder and thigh, and carved the dead into fillets. Twenty-four of these, *&nd; of those that came out 74 had felt sword or bullet or spear. Few horses' stayed behind among the Ewordf, but nearly, 130 were wounded. Lieutenant Robert Grenfeli's troop came on a place with a jump oat as well as a jump in ; it lost officer, centre guide, and bith flank guides, 10 killed, and 11 wounded. Yet when they burst straggling out their only thought was to rally and go in again. «Bally, No 2!' yelled a sergeant, ,eo mangled across the face that his body was A cascade of blood, and nose and cheeks flapped hideously as he yelled. 'Fall oat, sergeant, you're wounded,' said the eubaitern of his troop. ( No, no, sir; fall in !' came the hoarse answer; and the man reeled in his saddle. * Fall in No. 2 ; fall in, Where are the devils 1 Show me the devils .!' And *Ko. 2 fell in—four whole men out of thirty. They chafed and stamped ' and blasphemed to go through them again, though the colonel wisely forbade them to face the pit anew. ... There were gnashings of teeth and howls of speechless rage—things half theatrical, half brutal to tell of when blood has cooled, yet things to rejoice over, in that they show the fighting devil has not, after all, been civilised ont of Britons. Also, there were many and many. DEEDS OF SELF-ABANDONING.HEROISM, of which tale the half will never be told. Take only one. Lieutenant de Montmorency-missed his troop sergeant, and rode back among the slashes to look for him. There he found the hacked body of Lieutenant Grenfell. He dismounted and pnt it tip on his horse, not seeing, his heat, that life had drained out long Bince by a dozen channels. The horse bolted under the slackened muscles, and De Montmorency was left alone with his revolver and- 3,000 screaming fiends. Captain Kenna and Corporal Swarbrick rode out, canght his horse, atd brought it hack ; the three answered the fire of the 3,000 at 50 yards; and got quietly back to their own line untouched. Forbearing *a. second charge, the Lancers dismounted and opened fire ; the carbines at short range took an opulent.vengeance for the loBt. Back, back, back they drove them, till they came, into the fire of the 32nd Battery. Then shrapnel flsw shrieking over them; the 3,000 fell all' ways, and died. ' . * All • this, from hearsay ; .now to go back to what we saw. When the Sirdar moved fci* brigades southward he knew what he was doing. He was giving his right to a a unbeaten enemy ;; with his nsual daring he made it-so. His game now-was to get between the dervishes aad Omdurman.' Perhaps he did not guess what , a bellyful of beating the unbeaten <nemy would take ; but he trusted to h : s generals and : fa:s star, and, as always, they bore him to victory. The blacks of the 13th Battalion were storming Gebel Surgham. Lewis and Macdcnald, facing west and south, had formed a right angle. They were RECEIVING THE FIRE of the Khalifa's division, and the charge of the Khalia's horsemen ; behind these the Khalifa's huge black standard was flapping raven- like. The Baggara horsemen were few and ill-nlountei—perhaps 200 altogether—bat they rede to get home or dir. They died. "There'was a time when cue glftoping Baggara would have chased a thousand Egyptians; but that time is very long past. The fellaheen s'ood like a wall, and aimed steadily, at the word the chargers swerved towards Macdonald. The blacks, as cool as. any Scotchmen, stood and aimed iik< wise ; the last Baggara fell at the muzzles of the rifles. Our fire went on, steady, remorseless, The Remington bullets piped" more and more rarely over- head, and the black heads thinned oat in front. A second time the attack guttered and flickered out. It was jest past 10 ; once more, to Omdurman ! Two minutes' silence. Then once more the howling storm rush-.d down upon us ; once more crashed forth the answering tempest. This time it burst upon Macdonald alone—from the northweetward upon his right flank, spreading and gathering to his right rear. For all their sudden swiftness of move ment the dervishes throughout this day never lost their formation ; tbeir lines drove on as rigidly as ours, regiment alongside regiment in lines at six and eight and a dozen ranks till you might have fancied the Macedonian phalanx was alive again. Left and front and right and rear the masses ate up the desert—12,000 unbroken fast and" fearless warr.ors leaping round 3,000. Now began the fiercest fight of that fierce day. The Khalifa brought up his own black banner again ; his staunchest die-hards drove it into the earth and locked their ranke about it. The green flag danced encouragement to the Allahintoxicated battalions ot Wad Helu and the Sheikh-ed-Din. It was victory or Paradise now. For us it was victory or shredded flesh and boi.es, nnbnried, crackling under the red slippers of Bsggara victors. It was the very crux and crisis of the fight. If Macdonald went, Lewis on his left and Culliuson and the supporting camel corp3 and the newlyreturned cavalry, all on hie right or rear, must ail go too. The Second British and Second Egyptian Brigades were far off by now, advancing by the left of Surgham Hill; if they-had to be recalled the Khalifa could walk back into his stronghold, and then ali our fighting was to begin anew. But Hunter Pasha was there, and Macdonald Bey was there, born fighting men both, whom no danger can flarry and no sudden shift in the kaleidoscope of battle disconcert. Hunter sent foT Wauchope's First British Brigade to fill the gap between Macdonald and Lewis. The other went to General ( + ateacre first instead of to the Sirdar —with the soldier's instinct he set the brigade moving on the instant. The k&aki; columns faced round and edged rightward, rightward till the fighting line WiB backed with 3,000 Lee-Metfords which NO MAN ON EABTH COULD FACE AND LIVE. Later the Line jlns were moved fuither still on to Macdonald's right. They dispute with the Warwicks the title of the best shooting regiment in the British Army; the men they shot at will dispute no claim of the Lin&olns; for ever. " But" the cockpit cf the fight was Macdonald's. The British might avenge his brigade; it was his to keep it and kill off the attack. To meet it he turned his front through a complete half-circle, facing successfully s~utb, west, and north. Every tactician in the army was deliriocs in. his praise ; the ignorant correspondent was content to watch the man and his blacks.'' Cool as on parade,' is an old phrase ; Macdonald Bey was very much cooler. Beneath the strong, square-hewn face yon could tell that the brain was working as if packed in ice. He sat solid on bis horse, and bent his black brows towards the green flag and the Bemisgtons. Then he turned to a galloper with an order, and cantered easily up to a battalion-commander. Magically the rifles hushed, the stinging powder smoke wisped away, and the battalions were rapidly threading back and forward, round and round, in and on*, as if it were a figure of a dance. In two minutes the brigade was together again in a new place. The field in front was hastening towards us in a whitey-brown cloud of dervishes. An order. Macdonald's jaws gripped and hardened as the flume spurted out again, and the whitey-brown cloud quivered and stood still. He Baw everything; knew what to do ; knew how to do it ; did it. At the fire he was ever brooding watchfully behind his firing line ; at the cease fire he was instantly in front of it; all saw him, and knew that they were being nursed to triumph. His blacks of the 9tb, 10th, and 11th, the historic fighting regiments of the Egyptian .army, were worthy of their chief. The 2pd Egyptian, brigaded with them and fighting in the line, were worthy of their comrades, and of their own reputation as the best disciplined battalion in- the world. A few had feared that the btaeks would be too forward, the . yellows too' backward ; except that the blacks, as always, looked happier, there was no difference at all between them. The Egyptians sprang to- the advance at the bugle; the Sojddaiiegeceased fire in an instant silence at the buglei They were losing men, too, for though eyes were clamped on the dervish charges, the dervish fire was brisk. Man after man 1 dropped out behind the firing* line. Here was a white officer with a red-lathered charger : there :a black stretched straight, bareheaded in the sun, dry.lipped, uncomplaining, a bullet through his liver ; two yards' away a dead driver by a dead battery mule, hiB whip still glued in hand. The table of loss had topped 100—150—neared 200. Still they stood, fired, advanced, fired, changed front, fired—firing, firing always, deaf in the din, blind in the smarting Bmoke, hot, dry, bleeding, bloodthirsty, enduring the devilish tight to the end. And the dervishes ? • The honor of the fight musfcstill go with the men who died. Oar --men were perfect, but the dervishes were superb—-bjyoad perfection. It was their largest, best, and bravest army that ever fought against us for Mahdi-m, and it died worthily of the hnge empire that Mshdism won and kept so long. Their riflemen, mangled by every kind of death and torment that mat can devise, clung round the black flag and the green, emptying their poor, rotten, home-made cartridges danntlessly. Their spearmen charged death at every minute hopelessly. Their horsemen led each attack, riding into the bullets till nothing was left but three horses trotting up to onr line, heads down, ssying 4 For goodness' sake, let UB in out of this.' Not one rush, or two, or ten— but rush on rash, company on company, never stopping, though all their view that was not unshaken enemy w&s; the bodies of the men who had rushed be'ore them. A dasky line got up aid stormed forward ; it bent, broke up, FELL APART, AND DISAPPEARED. Before the smoke had cleared another line was bending and storming forward in the same track. It was over. The avenging squadrons of the Egyptian cavalry swept over t field. The Khalifa and the Sheikh-ed- Din had gallo; el back to Omdnrman. Ali Wad Helu was borne away on an angareb with a. bullet through his thigh-bone Yakub lay dead under ;hie brother's banner. From the green army there to* cime only death-eramonred desperadoes, s 1 rolling one by one towards the rifle?, pausing to shake spear, taming aside to recognise corpse, then caught by a sadden jet of fury, bounding forward, checking, sinking limply to the ground. Now under the black flig in a riag of bodies stond only thre i men facing the 3,000 of the Third Brigade. They folded their arms about the stiff and gazed steadily forward. Twu fell. The last dervish stood up and filled bis chest; he shouted the name of his god and hurled his spear. Then he etosd quite still, waiting It to sk him full ; be quivered, gave at the knees, and toppled with his head on his arms and his face towards the legiens of his conquerors. 