the ghosts of wqspstgck One of the best stories ofr a haunted fciouso fa that which is related of the Royal Palace at) Woodstock in the year 1649, when the commissioners sent from London by the Long Parliament to take possession of it and efface all the emblems of Royalty about it, were fairly driven out by their fear of the devil, and the annoyances thoy suffered from a roguifb cavalier, who played the imp to admiration. The commissioners, dreading at that time no devil, arrived at Woodstock on the 13th of October, 1649. They took up their lodgings in the late King's apartments, turned the beautiful bedrooms and withdrawing rooms into kitchens and sculleries ; the council-hull into a brew-house, and made the diningroom a place to keep firewood in. They pulled down all the insignia of Royal State, and treated with the utmost indignity everything that recalled to their memory the name of the Kiujr. One Giles Sharp accompanied them in the capacity of clerk, and seconded their efforts apparently with the greatest zeal. He aided them to uproot a noble old tree, merely because it was called the King's oak, and tossed the fragments into the dining-room to make cheerful fires for the commissioners. During the first two daye they heard some strange noises about the house, but they paid no great attention to them. On Ghe third, however, they began to suspect they had got into bad company ; for they heard, as they thought, a supernatural dog under their bed, which gnawed their bedclothes. On the next day the chairs and tables began to dance, apparently of their own accord. On the fifth day something came into the bed- chamber and walked up and down, and fetching the warming-pan out of the withdrawing.room made so much noise with it that they thought five church bells were ringing; in their ears. On the sixth day the plates and dishes were thrown up and down the dining room. On the seventh day they penetrated into the bedroom in company with Beveral logs of wood, and usurped the soft pillows intended for the commissioners. On the eight and ninth nights there was a cessation of hostilities, but on the tenth the bricks in the chimney! became locomotive, and rattled and danced about the floors and round the heads of the commieeionere all the night long. On the eleventh the demon ran away with their breeches, and on the twelfth filled their beds so full of pewterplatters that they could not get into them. On the thirteenth night the glass became unaccountably seized with a fit of cfacking, and fell into shivers in all parts of the house. On the fourteenth there was a noise as if forty pieces of artillery had been fired off and a shower oi |pebble-Btones, which so alarmed the commissioners that, "struck with great horror, ithey cried out to one another for help." •They first of all tried the efficacy of prayers •to drive away the evil spirits, but, these proving unavailing, they began seriously to reflect whether it wonld not be much !better to leave t.be place altogether to the 'devil that inhabited it. They ultimately resolved, however, to try it a little longer, and having craved forgiveness of all their sins betook themselves to bed. That night they slept in tolerable comfort, bub it was merely a trick of their tormentor to lull them into false security. When on the succeeding night they heard no noises they began to flatter themselves that the devil was driven out, and prepared accordingly to take up their quarters for the whole winter in the palace. These symptoms on theii part became the signal for renewed uproar among the fiends. On the 1st of November they heard something walking with a slow and solemn pace up and down the withdrawing-room, and immediately afterwards a shower of stones, bricks, mortar, and broken glass pelted about their ears. On the 2nd the steps were again heard in the withdrawing-room, sounding to their fancy very much like the treading of an enormous bear, which continued for about a quarter of an hour. This noise having ceased, a large warming-pan was thrown violently - tipon the table, followed by a number of stones and the jawbone of a horse. Some of the boldest walked valiantly into the withdrawing-room armed with swords and pistols, bat could discover nothing. They were afraid that night) to go to sleep, and eat np making fires in every room, and burning candles and lamps in great abundance, thinking thab as the fiends loved darkness they wonld not disturb a company snrrounded with so much light. They were deceived, however, buckets of water came down the chimneys and extinguished the fires, and the candles were blown ont, they knew not bow. Some of the servants, who bad betaken themselves to bed, were drenched with putrid ditch water as they lay. and arose in great fright, muttering incoherent prayers, and exposing to the wondering eyes of the commissioners their linen all dripping with green moisture, and their knuckles ted with the blows they had at the same time received from some invisible tormentors. While they were still speaking there was a noise like the loudest thunder or the firing of a whole park of artillery, upon whioh they all fell down upon their knees and implored the protection of the Almighty. One of the commissioners then arose, the others still kneeling, and asked in a courageous voice and in the name of God who was there, and what they had done that they should be troubled in that manner. No answer was returned, and the noises ceased for awhile. At length, however, as the commissioners eaid, " the devil came again, and brought with it seven devils worse than itself." Being again in dark ness, they lighted a candle and placed it in the doorway that it might throw a light upon the two chambers at once, but it was suddenly blown out, and one commissioner paid that he had seen the similtude of a horse's hoof striking the candle and candlestick iuto the middle of the chamber, and afterwards making three escapes on the snuff to pub it out." Upon this the same person was so bold as to draw his sword ; but he asserted positively that he had hardly -withdrawn it from the scabbard before an invisible hand seized hold of it and tugged with him for it. and, prevailing, struck him so violent a blow with the pommel that he was quite stunned. Then the noises began again, upon which, with one accord, they all retired into the presence chamber, where they passed the night praying and singing psalms. They were by this time convinced that it was useless bo struggle any longer with the powers of evil, that seemed determined to make Woodstock thsir own. There thiners happened on the Saturday night, and, being repeated on the Sunday, they determined to leave the place immediately and return to London. By Tuesday morning early all their preparations were completed. And, shaking the duBt off their feet, and d» voting Woodstock and all its inhabitants to the infernal gods, they finally took their departure. Many years elapsed before the true cause of these disturbances was discovered. *It was ascertained at the Restoration that th» whole was the work of Giles Sharp, the truety clerk of the commissioners. This man, whose real name was Joseph Collins, was a concealed Royalist, and bad passed his early life within the bowers of Woodstock, so that he knew every hole and corner of the place, and the numerous trapdoors and secret passages that abounded in the building. The commissioners, nevei suspecting the true state of his opinions, but believing him to be revolutionary to the backbone, placed the utmost reliance upon him ; a confidence which be abused in tli€ manner above detailed to his own great amusement and that of the few cavalierf whom he let into the secret. 