THE TESTIMONY OF ESTHER SANDYS. [CorYitimnyl By ltOMA WHITE. CHAPTER I. Thora is in Low Furncss a village built oil tlio margin of a tarn. Tho cottiiges are old 'and grey, with rounded oliimnoy-atacks 3 and outer staircases of worn, moHsy stono; ; tall reeds belt the miter, and yellow flowers, in tlieir season, blossom among tho green. The hainlot is lapped in sloping clovor tields ntid deep cool hazel copses; on the eustern aide n tell, overgrown with bracken and sprinkled with sheep and limestone boulders, divides it from an arm of the sea. To this village — LittleTarnsidu is its name — the mornings and ?'?? - evenings of summer come in dow and porfume, and with song of birds. Tho amoll of Iho i waves iiover reaches it, but storm brings the I wailing of the sea-gulls and the white glint of j their restless wings among the clouds. Frosty autumn twilight woos tho lonely fluting of the robin ; and spring-dawns echo to the whiBtlo of the thrush. A certain April day, in the year 1789, broke with sparkle and fragrance over tho j ferny moor. The floating mists of nigltt rose from the glittering surface of the tarn; and the Inrks sprang upwards on all sides from tno pasturos. .uowu tuo struggling ruuu ut the village boys and girls began to pass in groups; the former clad in their Sunday suits of fustian, tho latter wearing red cloaks and either high white caps or spread ing hats. These children moved towards thu Church which stood at ono end of lUe -t.irn, lull hidden by trees of cypress and yew. , , Among tho moving li-;ur(::i. was that of an old iii in with rosy pu.cker.id face, thin hair and irresolute lips; he was accompanied by a ^ ymiuR girl, fresh, slim, and upright as a ' *' growing birch tree, whoso appearanco at traded, some att.oiit.iftn from the villagers as she passed among them. A group of children, who fought ovor a kitten upijn a door step, desisted from their play to ga/.o at this girl. From gn/.ii'; they took to pointing, and a whisper ran through their ranks, bursts of childish laughter' ac companying it. Tile girl heard, and flushed deeply; but she threw up her small chin in dWiancc of the pointing lingers, ..nil marched on without altoriug her pace.' The old man turned, shook both his head and his .stick at the children, and then hurried after his com panion. The Vicar of Littlo Tarnsido, who sat in ^ thy window of the l'nrsonago, pushed open \- __.^ tho casement, and leant out. Overheating what it was that passed from mouth to mouth ho vanished from tho window, only to re I appear, with lowering brows and flourishing uann attho door. At the sight of the parson's stick tho children scattered like rabbits: for, in Ihoso days offcndeis were Hiiiiimaiily dealt with hy their village pahtor, who was a lino specimen of tho Church Militant. When tho small sinners had dispersed, tho Vicar { smoothed his brows, took olE tho weaver's apron which lie wore, and returned into the house. ' 'What's to do ?' asked his wife. ' Thuso ill-mannered brats are scnfling at E&ther; Jupp again. ' ' Aye, thoy'vo picked up tho story that she's a line gentleman's child, I suppose. I wondor how much truth there is in that, Matthew ?' ' Thoro's no telling, Mary. It's— lot mo see— how many ye.irs since Jerry came horo V' ' It'll ho soven como Michaelmas. Esthci was a bit of a lassie then. It was queer that tho tale bhould follow them up from Lym 3cot;' 'There's something about Esthor that isn't like tho other village girls. Maybe that's bow it arose. But Jerry is veiy short to any one who abks questions.' ' Well, it's his business, and no ono else's, I suppose. Is he going to bo confirmed with tho children to-day ?' 4 ' Yes. He told mo a week ago'that ho f quilo understood now continuation was something more than tho charm .against smallpox, or ghosts.' ' Do you walk all the way to Overstoue?' ' Aye, as soon as I have read prayers here.' _ * The day was Thursday, whon nearly all the inhabitants of Ijittlo Tarnsido carried their farm product! to Overstono, tho nearest mar ket town. 'Tho.mshop had signified Ins in tention of holding a confirmation there on this particular Thursday; mid the Vicar of Little Tarnsido had requested his own candi dates to meet in their pniish church before they wore formed into procession for ?—-—''-- . _tW- '-walk1' to Overstono. Others besides the candidates weio guthor ing for service; and many of tho worshippors cdrriod basUctu of butter and eggs. It was customary for tho congregation to wait about tlfo churchyard until thu bell ceased its tinkle, .and then to muster in two thick lines on' either dido tho path,nnd allow thoir Vicar to march solemnly botween the doublebarr elled company thus formed. He was always tho lirst to enter tho cliurcli, and thu entiro assembly trooped in his wako, af tor which ho walked up' to the reading-desk, and donned his full white surplice in their sight. . , He was a little lato this morning, \ and tho .interchange of gossip was brisk among his lutient Hock. Tint A_.'-' — ?? -giij called I'jiM.ar'Suijp sat 'down on ono of tnf'Mcc'aying tOiiibstoneH, and lifted her eyes to where the tuwer of the Church stood -?'% nut clear, square, and weather stained ;/ ugnititit tlio sky. As she sat tlioro a young fanner came into tho churchyard with a little impuitant bustle. Ho was stout and red eheeked, woiring a brown coat and burf.lcgg ings, iind ho Ilickod a whip about his calves mid ankles as he passed through the graves. This young farmer paused and wutched ^Esther in silence. Then his glance travellod on to the old man, whom he regarded for a lew moments witli a mixture- of , toleration . j-5?flhd contempt. Jeny Jupp was returning '* the ga/o furtively, his face wrinkled up into hurrussed and uneasy piukeru; his withered hands too trembled visibly as tho other strodu across tho gravel path of the churchyard, and took up his position by Esther'sTside. '''.,, ' Uood tiny, Ksthio.' ' Ciood day, MestliorPhuackloa,' slm res vt . ' ' ponded briefly. ?*,' . ' Good tiny, Jerry.' ' (-'ood day, sir,' said Jerry, tremulously, tho uneasiness on his face increasing every moment, us Farmer Phi/iicklca stroked his chin meditatively and fixed Ins round oyos I on Esther's clustering hair. I ' Kino weather for th' lambB, oh, Jorry V' , '1 won't coutradick ? yo theer,' Jerry sigrocd mildly, leaning on his stick) and lett ing his glance travel over tho Hat tombstone on which R-itlter Rat. Sho herself had turnetl . ( away from them both, Hushed and petulant. L' Slie dill not like Josiah Phiznoklca, and she Ate. wished that. Iir would -;o away. - j ^Ut 'The farmer, however, had no intention of ^^^^^^_l«aving tlKUii.-^+io had wooed Usther in thin ^^^^^^^?itdiiiiu, Sunday jftfu '?'miday, .mil liU couit- ^ ^ liail liecomo to him as much a habit us - ^^^f^^^^HMfuilig pi\tr'}(fu^i\n-v a long breath, and ^^^^^^H^^BaUll lhi-^mo«fk^-ri1;iiia( suggestion ^^^^^?^8^HW'i° moinont, or»jvrred to him. ' Will yo ride i' my cart t' Ovorstone ? ' ho asked, pointing with his whip to where his horse stood patiently nt the churchyard gate. ' It's a goodish step for a lilo body liko yo.' Esther shrank nearer to her grandfathor, and shook her head. 'I'd rayder walk wi' Grandad,' she said with .some confusion. The young farmer regarded hor for a mo mont with his broad smile of toleration and ainusemont. . ' Uaydor this, raydor that,' ho said at last, not ill- tcmparedly, ' lassies aro on common free wi' tlieir ' rayders ' i' these days. Art too duo to ride wi' t' cabbages, Esthie ? ' ' Aye,' sho answered 3hortly. ' Whist, lassie, whist,' put in Jerry, 'it's a favour o' Mesthnr I'hizackleo t' ax theo.' 'I care nowt tor 'n favours,' sho said, with some petulance, ' I'se ha' nowt to do wi' him.' Her hand had crept under Jerry's arm, and the old man pattod the small brown fingers tenderly, even while he turned to Josiah Phizaekloa with a mixture of entreaty and apology. ' She means nowt,' he said gently, ' sho's nobbut a lassie.' ' Aye, an' thoo's nobbut an owd simple,' responded Josiah, with somo meaning in his tones, ' or tlioo'd tell her to get i' t' cart wi' out such a to-do. It's ill quarrellin' wi' tlicm as carries these sort o' things i' their weskit pockets.'' * He put his linger and thumb into the little pocket of his wai3teoat, and drew out a crumbled piece of paper, which ho held out to tlio old man. Jurry'd trouble had deep'ov'I visibly during tho altercation. He had kept patting Esther's hiud soothingly, and now -i« 'answered with a certain tremulous dig nity. ' I know weel enough I'm i ' thy debt, Meslhor Phizacklea. Thou'se ha! thy money Hoon.as 1 can laiso it. We'so say no more about them things i' t' churchyard an' afore t' littln wench;' ' T' little wench an' t' churchyard bo danged!' said Josiah, ' t' little woncli ha' hcord plenty o' talk about thy debts, I reck on, and 'twon't do no harm to t' corpses. Seo tlice, VEsthiy Jup'p','-' ho continued, good naturedly enough, waving' the picob of crumpled 'paper in his lingers, ' thou'se ha' that for, a rido i' my cart t\ Overstono an a kiss nt t' other end o' t' journey.' Tho paper was Jerry's substitute for an I.O. IT.,- and farmer Phizacklea smiled with broad triumph as ho spread it out beforo Esther's eyes. There, he leckoned, was a bait for mercenary feminine nature. Jerry's old faco was puckered into a mixture of wistful ness arid distress. He looked. eagerly at Us ther, and yot trembled. This .was evi dently tho lirst time that the girl had heard of the debt; and hor glance Hashed into in dignation and 'tnen dimmed into dismay. She held out her hand for tho paper, and clasped it fust, looking from .lei ry to the fanner with a mingling of wrath and per plexity in her clear eyes. As she stood thero the Fin mar repeated his offer, chuckling loudly. do would have reiterated it a third tune, but, as -bis lips began to' frame tho. seutenco, -a hand came over Esther's shoulder, and caught the paper from her fingers/ 'Mesther Phizacklea,' said a voice, not loud, but with a slight vibration in its tones, which were singularly free from tho village dialect, ' you say thorn sdit of things to my cousin again, and,' confirmation or no con Iir motion, I'll duck you in the tarn.' Phizacklea turned, and laughed his slow laugh as he met tho resolute glance of a tall, 'broad-shouldered boy. Then he jerked the handlo of his whip in the direction of Jerry, and answered tho lad without any ebullition of annoyance. 'Til' Grandad was willin' enow to clinch t' bargain, -Timothy Jupp. Keep thy uoso out o' other pigs' troughs, my lad.' Timothy Jupp made no reply to tho farmer's graphic fashion of telling him to mind his own business, but ho folded tho paper with resolute precision, and handed it back' to it s owner'. Then', turning his back on Josiah. -altogether, he addressed his giandfather in' tones of some impatience. ' 'Come, Grandad ! Mr. Eglin_ is at th' Vicarage gate.' And without' a second glance in tho direction of Phizacklea, Tim slung his basket upon one arm, drow Esther's hand under the other, and led her away be tween tlfo gravestones and 'through tho long churchyard grass. Tile arrival of tho Vicar prevented Josiah — who was always blow in his seaich'for ex- j prcssion — from' launching any sarcasm at Tim. Tho congregation began, to move into tho church, and Phizacklea wont back to his cart, and turnod tho horse's head in the diroction of Overstone. A.S he went, ho muttered a little to himself, and his faco be came slightly contemptuous. ' | ' A lino gentleman's child, as they call her !' .ho grunted, half-audibly. ' Much | good her line gentleman -father, ha' done her. I She's no causo to givo any honest mbn tho go-by. But they'io a' alike is women, j they're a' alike,' | Meanwhile, Timothy Jupp, passing into | church with his pretty cousin, found time to whispor a caution in hor car. i ' See, Esthie, I forbid you to speak to that pigheaded chap again.'- .- ? -. . ' Thee forbids mo', Tim?' ?.). ? Tho girl hail recovored horsolf, and glanced up with a slightly mischievous look in her eyes. _' Aye, un'sit's my right, too, Esthie. i Grandad's getting old.'^and -I've a right to look after you. .Vou'io only a lassie after nil.' '. ' j Tim' spokn. iho last 'word.-) ? us if 'they ulinchod Iho argumout, and thun, turning to I his grandfather, altered hit) tone. ' Jlero.Grandud, th' baskets aro piled, up in tho porch. Ours will eomo to no harm tunong t' otheiB, and wo can pick 'em up on bur. way out.' Tlio short .service wau soon over, and thon tho procession of candidates was formed in the road outsido the churchyard. * The Vicar called to Tini to come and hold ono polo of thu tttll banner which lloaled liko u crimson , sail in the morning air. Tim hurried forward I with a look of pride, and kindly hands soon relieved hint of Ills nmikttt basket. The lads . and lassies wero quickly formed, into lino, and then the word of command- was given, ' and they moved off. CHAl'THU H. Visitors to Windormoro— ' lakers,' they used to bo called by tlio ncoplo of tlio dis trict—are nowadays well acquainted with the station of Overstoue. Many now houses havo sprung up within Into yearn, but at the onil of tho last century tlie houses wore clustered unevenly together along narrow cobble paved streets. Tho markot-pUico then, as now, was moroly a .short, rather wide, road leading to the maiket-crous. Hither, on Thuisday mornings, thu farmers drovo their caits. and, unuaru'.'smng their plump horsra, led tli tun away to be stabled in the .various inns; while tho carts, inclining on tluiir shafts towards tho centre ? of tho strcot?^ formed a barricado.of primitive stalls on either pido.of the way.' * -^'. * j On* this particular Thursday morhing.how- j ovcr'.v.tho S4n*iera*^,'i|ld thoir 'wives htid ' KatlVBred'aJ^it-lire^cia^iji.vard gatea tu^uivu . a i'oblcjit '.^-kS?1}!!^^^*';' '*?'' ???.. . .?: ?. ????'??%5''4iV-.i:-i.'iWIV?''-':ti- : * ??'.;? *v..-!''-V--:;(tl-V^v:r'i--%^5-,v''i^, ;??????'- ? :;-?-;? ?*? , ?' ? *.?,??? ??? ?'?'?.?-'? 'UK- }-'i ?tli.'v. iv',- : ?,:-;'/? '?'? In the front ranks of tho crowd stood Josiah Phizacklea, a broad smile upon his face. Tho smilo spoke as plainly as any words, Josiah's opinion that 'coufirnii- j tionin' ' wns work for women, children, and : parsons. Ho turned away, after Esther and | hor grandfather had passed into tho church, and strode slowly down tho hill, his mind still full of the wooing of this sweet per vorGO woman. An old farmer, in buff leg gings, was standing among tho pens at tho foot of tho hill, and ho called out to Josiah to ask for Jerry Jupp, adding that he ' wanted a bit o' brass from him.' Josiah perked his thumb expressively in the direc tion of tho church, and walked on with a significant gesture of thu head. Ho had a wide contempt for Jerry, in which, somehow, ho could not help including his grand daughter ; yet, when an hour lator, Phizack lea watched Esther selling hor buttor among the other lassies of tho district, ho felt that it was as impossible to removo his slowly working fancy from her as it was to drive a flock of sheep, single handed, through a mountain-beck. Ho watched her from a distance, nud saw tho farmer in the buff leggings speaking to her grandfather, and a look of anxious trouble suddenly overspread ing tho brightness of tho girl's face. Tim was not with thorn, and bad his grandson j been in the maiket-placo Jerry would not havo turned to Esther as ho did after banner Johnson had left them, and betrayed the trouble that mado his face quiver and his voice break to trembling. To conceal : the oxtent of his _i|i«''i'.-»^ ' from Tim had been .ferry';. «...ieavour for the last twelve months. Tim was so clever, and was going ! to lift them all somo day. Jerry-could not ' bear to think of the way in which Tim would j look at him if ho found out tho truth about theso debts. He would not conceal tho j scorn and indignation ho felt, and ho would ? vory likely go and throw up his schooling, and take a job in a weaving shop at eighteen penco a week. I 'Esthie,' said Jerry quaveriiigly, watch ing l?armer Johnson's broad back lessening in i the perspective of the street, ' Esthie, lassie, say nowt o' this to Tim.' 'Do ye owp. a lot o' inonoy, Grandad ?' Esther asked anxiously. '' Aye, a goodish bit. But I dunnot want Tim to know o't.' 'Tim 'ut'l bo vexed, for sure.' 'Ho would that, Esthie, he would that. I doubt sometimes I'bo be able to pay 'em a'.' 'But.Grandad, what'il yo do if yo conna?' demanded tlio girl in sudden consternation. ' 1'so bo able to pay if th' Lord wills, Esthio,' the old-man told hor.with a curious mixture of irresponsibility and faith. Esther pondered this view of the question, in silence for a time. Tho noise about the markct- placo began to hush into quietness; the horses woro brought from tho inns and harnessed, and tho carts rumbled away, .ferry, whoso butter and eggs were noaily all sold, counted out his monoy, and sang to hinisclf in.his thin cracked old voice. Esther glancing up at him, felt a sudtlcn vague weight of responsibility. She realised dimly that her grandfather was unlit to bear tho uurdons of life. ' Grandad' sho said suddenly, ' thoo'd best let me tell Tim.' A shadow of troubled alarm fell over tho old, -wrinklod, irresoluto face. ' Nay, nay, thoo munnot tell Tim,' he answered, ' theor's no on' to tell him yet awhilo. He'd do summr.t ciazy. Ho's not like thoo an' mo! He's had a line sight o' larnin', an' he acts so rash somo times that I've thot.tir eddication must Im' go no to 's head.' ' Weol, thoo munnot fret. Grandad,' said Esther thoughtfully. ' Wo'so talk it owor, just thoo an' me, wi' no ono by. I mun tok' theso eggs across to Widow Green. She'll allus buy any as aro left ower o1 market days.' Sho disappeared within tho swinging door of a little shop, and J erry tried to smooth out the distressed puckers in his old faco, as iho suddohly saw Tim striding cheerily down tho narrow hilly street into tho market place, all the blood in his veins tingling with youth and strength. Cacthiug sight of an old woman, with a faco liko a withered West morland pippin, ondcavouring to harness a rathor dilapidated donkey to a little light, cart, the lad sprang forward to assist her, ad justing tho traces and buckling the straps with quick, casy_ndroitncss. While ho was thus occupied, Esther came out of the shop again, running almost into the arms of Farmer Phizacklea, who was standing on the stop, fingoring his tobacco-pouch thought fully, -as .if in uncertainty vrhothor to re plenish it this afternoon, or to wait until next ''market-day. As Esther precipitated hcisclf against him, he turned round withi a 'Whoa theer;' then, perceiving who it was, looked cmburiasscd and self-conscious, and begun begging her pardon, and pushing his fingois through his. hair. Tho suncxpected concussion with tho far mer's- portly figure had jerked -i few ponce from Esthei's hand on the paving-stones of ?the street, , wherp- they spun'.round among tho muddy interstices of tho p'obbles. She stooped to recover them; then, as she lifted hcrbolf upright again, she looked straight at him without ablush or a falter and made a proposal. ' 'Mesther Plu/ackloa, I'll rido home i' tin' cntt to-night, if thoo likes.' ' Eh? wilt 'oo?*' ' Aye. An' pay thoo wi* a kiss for yon bit o' paper thoo showed mo this moinin'.' 'Get i' t' cart lirst,' said I'hi/.iclclca, with a not unkindly hinilo, and a side wng of his head. ' ??'I -V \ j Esther frowned petulantly, and then hoi lips took a resolute cuivo. ' Vllrra wtel,' hho said. ' L mun just tell Gi.mdad.' And sho dossed thcblioctto where Jerry stood patiently waiting with tho baskets. ' Grandnd, I'm gom' to ndo homo wi' Mcsthei Phuacklca.' Jerry looked at her wistfully. Had Tim not been in town tho old man would have given a leadv consent to Esther's pi npooi- tion; but tho sight ofvtlnit urect young figuic in tho distance' Hindu him waver. 'I doubt Tim ' '11 bo vexed,! doario,' ho said lrrc-solutoly. 'Then ho mun bo vexed,' Esthortold him quicl.ly, ' lor L'sogoin' to do't.' Sho set her pretty while teeth hrmly over her netliur lip, and, matching oil, clam bered into the red cart, hearing K.irmcr Pliizackloa's broad chuckle of triumph us ho mounted after- hor, and took the reins into his hands. Sho looked round for Tim, but lie stood a hundred yards off, with his back to them, still exchanging jokes with tho old market-woman. He whs in the samo attitudo when the cart turned the cornor - that led ..away from tho mniket-p!nco, and j began jogging with tolerable speed in tho j direction of Little Tarnsim'£t£efr-;sh breezo milled tho liMlb rings' on-llith^o'iFjsiJhor's ] forehead iis slip jumped ntpic ydtftfg farmor from underjier eyeilash,6»j w.ith meditative toleration in her'glnncoj$(j« 'Hi:w much (Toes Cirundad owe yo.Mestlior i Piiizacklea ? ' ' tiha asked timidly, when the ; Ciut had riimlilcil across the bridge that spanned liadloy lii-ck. _ . '»^'.:.-.'-V1 \ '? Kive pun, six, an' stsvr-'npence-'ba'peijjdy.'V; ' Yo'niviT lent it him, r-v: sure !%i]S-v v-.l i ' Not I. I tliiiiiii. i brow good inone^'in f i ;ejflt-)i,v:i';^h:it way. He bought :t plougTr,;.an' ! an owdish churn.an' two or three other things off mo last back end, an' [ towd him I'd wait to be paid till t' Spring. I'd no uso for 'em, or he should na' ha' had 'em wi'out t brass down.' 'An' aro yo willin' to gi'o up yon bit o1 paper to me for a kiss, as ye said ?' Thoro was no shyness about Esther's face as she asked the question. She regarded this transaction as a pure matter of business. But Josiah's lips lengthened into their broad Binilo of self- importance. ' I dunno,' he said, wagging his head with would-be shrewdness. ' Yo said yo would,' Esther flashed out in quick indignation. ' For shame, when yo would. Gie me thi word on't, Mesther Phi/. ackloa, or stop t' cart, an' Bet me down to walk.' 'Whoa, my lass, whoa I' replied the farmer, rather disconcerted at this sudden outburst. ' Thi tongue wugs faster than Lassie's tail. I niver said I wouldn't, did I ? Eh ! but women are waiir to manage than a litter o' young pigs!' Tho lane narrowed as they drow near to Little Tarnside, and at last the roofs of the grey cottages camo in sight, with silvery glimpses of the tarn shining between them: and Esther sat upright in tho cart, and put her hands to straighten her hat. Josiah pulled up his horse outsido her grandfather's gate, and was turning to her, when she Bud denly sprang to her feet and pointed to the yard. '? Eh ! Mesther Phizacklea, thear's a cart i'.t' yard.' 'Aye, so theor be,' said Josiah in slow wonder, his glance following tho direction of her pointing finger. A somewhat heavy looking vehicle was drawn up upon the round paving stones of tho yard, and a littlo man, in a sccdy-lookiug suit of black, sat, ! half-dozing, upon tho driving-seat. Anothor j man had located himself within the deep stone perch, and ouly betrayed his presence hy a stout Irg clad in blue worsted and terminated by a wooden clog. Neither of them had moved at tho sound of Phizacklea's cart, and they appeared to have fallen asleep at their post. Tho young farmer did not speak for a moment) but sat eyeing both tho men .and their equipage with . an intent look. ' What's to do, I wonder?' said Esther, still in wide-eyed perplexity, ' I mun go anil ax.' 'I wouldna a» too much, Esthio,' said tho farmer, who appeared to have made up his mind about something. 'Why— what dostii mean?' domanded Esther, wonderingly. ' Theor's no good news for ye i' their mouths,' said Josiah, decidedly. ' Dosta know 'oni?' inquired the girl. ' K.now'em— noti' my house,' ho told her . not without the half-pleasant feeling of ex- i eitement that is apt to attend the mis- ! fortunes of our neighbours, 'I doubt they're t'blii'iill's ollicors; Eh! Esthio thoo'n getlen as white as my owd mother's dough?' j ' Will—will they put Grandad i' prison?' | Esther gasped out, holding tight to the side of tho cart, in thr- strange giddiness that had seized upon her. I ' Nay, they'll nivor do that. They'ro come for t' livestock, that'sa'.' ' For t' livestock' ' Aye,' but yo'vo nobbut gotten two cows. They'll tak' ono o' them, sure enow, an' both, if t' debts a big 'un,' Baid Josiah, gloomily- , not with any wish to add to Esthor's troiiblo, but from the natural tactlessness of his nature. ' Oh, Mesther I'hizaeklea, help us— thoo mun help us' Esther cried imploringly,, tho tears streaming down her cheeks, as. she looked up into his face. 'I'll go an' speak to 'cm,' tho farmer Baid dismounting from the cart, and throwing tlio reins on to the horse's back. 'Thoo bido wheer thoo aro till I comes back.' (To bo continued.) 