Never to Know. By SILVER WATTLE, Author of "Reaping the Whirlwind," "How I Game to Australia," "The Devil a Saint Would Be," &c.; CHAPTER I. Never to know; ah! never! The heart that was aching, All for her sake, and almost breaking. "How can I help you? What can be done?" The tones were anxious—full of real feeling and the face of the speaker was expressive of deep and earnest solici- tude—a face strong yet gentle, sympa- thetic yet firm, with eyes which seemed to penetrate the soul of the young man to whom they wore addressed. The two men were sitting alone—the elder had appa- rently been interrupted in writing by the other's entrance, for the pen was still wet as just laid from his hand, the ink was not dry upon the paper before him. As he looked steadfastly at the other he ap- peared to read his thoughts. "You are meditating something quix- otic," he said. "It won't do, Jack. Hugh must bear the consequences of his own folly, but we must get him out of the country." "Not by himself—not to send him adrift by himself. No, that will never do; youn- ger than I am by six years—only 19! My mother would break her heart. She knows nothing of the affair and must not be told, and how could we explain his leaving by himself? What reason could we give her? You remember that any shock or any great grief might be her death." "It will be worse for him to remain here. His very presence would provoke more comment, but once away the whole affair would be forgotten in a little while. "Yes, I admit he ought to go away, but by himself he would be sure to drift from bad to worse." "How else can he go but by him- self?" "Well, if he were with me I could look after him, if we were to go together—to Australia, for instance, right away from these fellows he is mixed up with—we could work together. In new scenes he would begin a new life. He has plenty of sense and adaptability." "My dear fellow, would you throw up the excellent position you hold, with such good prospects before you, for life so new and so untried, with no settled purpose—no definite plan for making your way in quite a new world?" "I have considered well. I know no other way." "But you spoke of your mother?" "I meant that if ouir mother knew the cause of Hugh leaving, and if he went alone; but if she supposed it was of his own free will and wish to accompany me that would be different. Whatever he sets his heart on doing my mother always gives way. "But, my dear Jack, how can you think of this? I thought—did you not tell me long ago—that you were engaged? Is that affair off then?" "Oh, certainly not; that is the worst part of it." "Well, if you are set on this, would not Miss Medland consent to be married at once and go with you? I have some in- fluence in Melbourne. I will cable and could assure you something definite at once." "Ah! if that could but be so; but we have talked it well over—she cannot leave her invalid father." "You have really considered this matter well? You see no other way of saving your brother and sparing your poor old mother?" "I see none whatever. It will be a wrench, of course. It is no light thing, especially to part with Beryl for no one knows how long. And then my poor mother. We may never see her again." "Don't look on the worst side, old boy; you may have opportunities of making a fortune over there that would have never occurred at home; then all things would be easy. The journey is a matter of but a few weeks now. And it is very fortunate that it just happens a manager is wanted for the large firm you know I am con- nected with in Melbourne. I will cable at once; it will just suit you, and they will rely upon my selection. Nonsense; there should be no sense of obligation between you and me. You know I regard you as a brother. As it happens, a difficulty is solved for me by your going, for I was at a loss to find the right man." John Vardon had very little time to pre- pare for the eventful change in his pros- pects, and however much clearer and easier the path had been made before him through the kindness of his old friend, Charles Knight, yet those few days were full of difficulties and painful tasks. The plain-speaking necessary to convince his brother that the only hope of saving him from the consequences of his repre- hensible folly was to disappear for a while from the scene; to represent the contem- plated step in the best possible light to his mother (though the arguments he used to her were indeed scarcely less necessary to convince himself, for he felt sadly de- spondent); the coming separation from Beryl for so indefinite a time—these pain- ful duties, added to the difficult charge of his selfish brother, were almost sufficient to drive him from his purpose. Only the great probability of utter ruin before Hugh, unless wrenched from the associates and scenes of his wild career, and the help- ful wise counsel of his friend, who also promised to take every care of his mother and his fiancee, could hold Jack steadfast. However, the day came, and Jack, with his half-sulky brother, left for the other side of the world, only partially consoled by his friend's kind promises. It was not long before Charles Knight heard of their arrival in Melbourne, and of John Vardon's instalment as manager, and of Hugh as clerk in the same office. As time went on the favorable reports he received of the success of that branch made him more and more satisfied that he had not erred in his judgment of John's efficiency. He gladly detailed to Mrs. Vardon these accounts of her sons' suc- cesses, from other sources besides their own letters. As he had promised, so he endeavored to console her in every pos- sible way for her loss. The other pro- mise he had made-that in regard to Beryl Medland and her invalid father- Mr. Knight had by no means forgotten. In Mr. Medland he was glad to find, on his own account, a man so well read and with congenial views and tastes. He wil- lingly availed himself of a cordial invita- tion to spend his evenings in the old man's company, and thus, in interesting discus- sion on various topics in which they were so well agreed, many a pleasant hour was spent. This gave him opportunities for observing the character and disposition of Beryl, of which, for Jack's sake, he wished to form an accurate estimate. And in thus observing her narrowly he was not dis- appointed, but rather found cause to ad- mire her more and more, and often men- tioned her in glowing terms to Jack, con- gratulating him warmly on the happiness in store for him. Charles Knight, staunch and steadfast in his friendships, of nobility of character un- impeachable, had yet been utterly unpre- pared for the fiery furnace preparing for him when he first became acquainted with the Medlands. But his frequent visits there bringing him so constantly into the presence of Beryl discovered to himself be- fore very long (to the horror of his honest soul) that admiration for her was fast merging into a sentiment far deeper. Shocked and distressed beyond measure, he determined to take every means to nip it in the bud, and to this intent he stood aloof for many weeks, making the excuse for his apparent neglect a great access of business, whicn required his closest atten- tion and frequent absence from London. But these excuses would not avail him altogether for complete desertion of his friends. Greatly perplexed in his mind as he walked one day down a busy thoroughfare he thought the powers of evil were spe- cially in league against him, when the cause of all his trouble stood before him in the person of Beryl herself. Her father had been very ill, she told him, wandering sometimes in his mind, and had often asked for his old friend Mr. Knight. Of course, there was nothing else to say but that he would see him as soon as possible, explaining that he had but just returned to town, which was true, although his leav- ing at all had not been so utterly necessary for the business. However, there he was in- volved again in the same snare; but strong in his sense of fight he determined to steel his heart and throw the greatest possible re- serve into his manner to Beryl. And well he kept his resolution, betraying not by the slightest look, word, or manner, how- ever inadvertently, to the unconscious girl one sign of the conflict going on in his heart. CHAPTER II. The business in Melbourne was prosper- ing under John Vardon's management and so far Hugh had behaved well, settling down, so John thought, to a steadier life. Jack was just beginning to feel some re- ward for his sacrifice by his brother's im- proved ways, when to his intense disap- pointment he one day found he had con- gratulated himself too soon. He had not reckoned on the restlessness of Hugh's spirit. Weary of the work, impatient of the rules of the office, he finally in a fit of general insubordination and uncontrolled temper, declared he would be ruled and supervised no longer by his elder brother— that he was old enough to look after him self and could not, and would not, endure what be called the monotonous life an- other week. Return home he would, and to all Jack's arguments, to all his pro- mises of advancement if he would but persevere, Hugh turned a deaf ear. He was quite able to look after himself, he said, and followed up his words by taking his passage home, bidding his brother good- bye—the brother who had sacrificed so much for him. He cared not how lonely he left him, nor indeed of anything but pleasing himself. Jack felt it hard; it was quite impos- sible to quit his post and return home too. He could do nothing but remain behind alone and chew the cud of his bitter thoughts. He soon after heard from Charles Knight, who, though sympathis- ing with Jack on this fresh instance of his brother's selfishness, yet consoled him with the assurance that Hugh appeared to be thoroughly detached from his old associates and ways; had already obtained a lucrative position, and had settled steadily down so far satisfactorily. These two friends continued to correspond regu- larly. Second to Beryl's, Jack looked for Charles's letters as the one consolation in his lonely life. His mother was not able to write very often, and Hugh would do so only when it pleased him. To Jack the months appeared as years which separated him from all he loved; while to Charles Knight the struggle going on in his own soul gave him no respite, be- ing so constantly brought face to face with his inner foe rendered the fiery trial more cruelly severe. On this one account alone he really congratulated himself on Hugh's return as one additional presence in the Medland family. Though Hugh was by no means a companion of his choice yet he encouraged him to avail himself as often as possible of the invitation Mr. Medland extended to him. Charles Knight had made every excuse for Hugh's former folly in his youth, and too great pliability under pernicious in- fluence; yet, judging from observation, now he began to fear that these alone were not to blame, but rather a great want of true nobility and uprightness of purpose, as indeed his selfish desertion of his brother went far to prove. Charles did not in the least misjudge Hugh, but rather judged him too charitably; was quite un- conscious that Hugh cherished an evil feel- ing against himself and his brother Jack for what he considered the humiliation t!hey had subjected him to by the slight and but very partial exposure, which had been unavoidable ere he left England, not tak- ing into account at all the far greater ex- posure which might gave been, and the consequences from which he had been saved by his brother's sacrifice and his friend's prompt action. Rather, he argued, these might have been evaded by some milder means—that he even was not to blame so much, and so on—as a plausible amd self-pitying and self-excusing nature is ever prompt to argue. And so Hugh cherished an angry feel- ing, and was ready to take any petty re- venge upon any given opportunity. He did not show this illfeeling openly, though, to do him justice, he did not endeavor to conceal it under a bland exterior or exert himself to appear amiable when he felt the reverse. Nor did he set himself pur- posely to lay in wait for mischief; but when he saw, or thought he saw, aught that might tell to the disadvantage of those against whom he felt aggrieved, he encouraged the thought and made the most of it. Hugh was a very sharp ob- server, and was not long in penetrating the secret of Charles Knight's inmost soul through a slight accident which might have proved serious happening one day to Beryl. However much Charles had schooled himself to hide that secret under a studied politeness and a cold exterior, that one incident revealed it to Hugh, and in- stead of honoring him for his rigid self- control—a quality he could not understand or believe in - he made the most of his discovery, dwelling upon it and constantly watching for some other more outward expression by which he could revenge him- self by using it against him. Not that Hugh (again to do him justice) would have raised a report or excited a sus- picion of malice prepense, which he knew to be unfounded, but he did feel a degree of exultation at the discovery. He would also have repudiated an accusation of pur- posely and cruelly wounding his brother, but in writing to him, as he soon after took occasion to do, and in speaking of the friendship between the Medlands and Charles Knight he could not refrain from some joking remark upon "Beryl's all- powerful magnetism" and Charles's "for- lorn bachelordom," "if only circumstances had been different what might have been," and so on. So Hugh, never sufficiently considering others' feelings, raised in Jack's heart a ghost of disquiet and apprehension not easily laid. Of a nature always too sensi- tive, his mind at this time stretched to tension point, yearning for any and every little detail that related to the girl he loved, these words of Hugh's were cruel indeed. To harbor the slightest suspicion of intentional wrong against his friend was quite impossible to Jack's trusting heart, but yet—but yet—were not Beryl's attrac- tions sufficient to win the love of anyone who knew her, and was often in her com- pany? So he argued to himself. Poor Jack! Had not Jack been so very much alone, so far separated from anyone in whom he had any interest, such morbid fancies would not have taken possession of his mind. But Jack was apt to be very self depreciatory very self-de- tracting; he was apt to think too meanly of himself in compari- son with others, and he could not con- vince himself that Beryl, constantly thrown into the company of such a man as Charles Knight, could do otherwise than contrast her lover with her friend, greatly to the disadvantage of the former. Could Jack have rushed home only for a few weeks these painful thoughts and appre- hensions would have flown to the winds, but just at this time his business required all his energies and supervision. Yet Beryl's letters were unchanged in tone, patiently biding her time while she nursed her father. It was but natural that she should speak gratefully of "Mr. Knight" and his kind attentions; her pure soul, unsuspecting and unconscious of any possible misconstruction, she even dilated warmly upon the subject. Far from accus- ing either his fiancee or his friend of in- tentional unfaith, he yet felt the issue to be inevitable. These torturing thoughts became still more impressed upon his mind by a casual remark from a perfect stranger, who brought letters of introduction from Charles Knight and from Mr. Medland. Of course Jack was anxious to hear any- thing that could in any way give him a clue to the real state of the matter nearest his heart. Therefore, without betraying his own especial interest or even his own intimacy with the Medlands, thinking he would in that case draw Mr. Sedley to speak more freely, Jack put adroit and leading questions to him which might elicit the truth. To such a leading ques- tion Mr. Sedley replied — "I became acquainted with the family through Mr. Knight, who, with your bro- ther, is a very intimate friend of theirs. It may be that one of them, possibly Mr. Knight, is engaged to Miss Medland. She is certainly a most attractive young lady." And thus as it sometimes happens— A shaft at random sent, Finds aim the archer little meant; And many a word at random spoken, May kill or cure the heart that's broken. So, utterly unconscious of the wound these careless words effected, Mr. Sedley soon after took his departure, leaving Jack in a still more despairing state of mind. Everything seemed to conspire to prove, or at least to give color to what he feared. Mr. Medland had been very ill, and the doctor considered the house to be un- favorably situated, so that Beryl, through nursing her father and the worry and dis- comfort of moving, could scarcely secure a quiet moment for her usual letters. Her short and hurried letters, therefore, gave weight to his conviction, however truth- fully she explained the cause. Then the climax was reached when Hugh, referring to the Medlands, wrote— "The old man has been very ill again; the doctor said the house was damp, so they have moved on to the terrace. I don't know what they would do without Knight; he is their factotum, and especially to Beryl. A real knight errant; he watches every glance and flies to serve her. If you had not been first in the field, old fellow, it seems pretty plain to me how things would have shaped." These words were worse than wrong and ill-judged—they were cruelly untrue, in that they represented Charles Knight to be the only reliable friend, a capacity which Hugh himself, partly from pique and jealousy, partly from vanity, vied with Charles Knight to prove himself to be and to make himself as useful—almost indis- pensable to father and daughter. Too careless of, and indifferent to the feelings of others, not considering the weight of his own words, all he wished was to stir up a slight—he believe only slight—diffe- rence between the friends and indulge him- self in a little spite. Of course, these words were as the last drop in Jack's cup of bitterness. As has been said, his morbid thoughts were nursed amd intensified by his loneliness and banishment. His over-sensitive mind, the too humble opinion of his own worth—all these accentuated his agony and rendered his life almost unbearable. He could not bring himself to put the plain question to Beryl and sift the matter out. Distressed and shocked she might have jbeen, but she could have cleared herself entirely and shown indisputably how little cause she gave the world and Jack in particular for the slightest word or breath against her discretion or of her faith with Jack. CHAPTER III. Beryl was sitting by Mrs. Vardon in her fresh mourning—her Father had died about a month before—and she felt now that all her attention and care should be devoted to the mother of her absent lover, who was strongly attached to her son's bride elect. The interest of each was merged in the same person, and Beryl loved to listen as the other talked. "Well, my dear, I feel sure it will not be long before he comes to claim you. I should like to see you married before I die. He is prospering, I suppose, far better that he could have hoped to do at home, though at the time I did feel it hard to part with both my boys at once, and was rejoiced to get Hugh back again; yet he has seen more of the world, and I suppose it has done him good, but it is a great comfort to know that I shall have Hugh left to me when you are gone. I shall be sorry enough to part with you, yet if you are both happy that should be enough for me." After, leaving Mrs. Vardon that evening Beryl met Charles Knight in the hall. "I have been waiting to see you, Miss Medland—here is bad news for you and Mrs. Vardon, but I would spare her tonight—you will bear it bravely, I know —and it may not be so very serious." He spread a cablegram before her. For a moment the words swam before her eyes, but with an effort she read steadily, but with white face. "Mr. Vardon seriously ill—is well cared for." "What. is to be done, Mr. Knight? What! oh, what can be done?" exclaimed Beryl. "I have 'thought it all out and arranged to start to- morrow by the Orient. We must hope for the best. You may be sure that every care will be taken of him, and the best doctor and nurse secured. I have already cabled to that effect. We must be patient under the painful suspense of the next few weeks while I am at sea. I will cable to you directly I get there. Good-bye, then. I shall have no time to see you again—so many things to arrange —the vessel leaves at midday to-morrow." Beryl looked the thanks she could not speak. He took the hand she held out to him. It was cold and trembled. One warm clasp then he loosened it again instantly, and in another moment he was gone. Those following weeks dragged out their weary length. Beryl thought they would never end, yet in the care of Mrs. Vardon and her endeavor to soothe the anxiety of the poor troubled mother, she braced herself to bear her own grief more bravely. At length the welcome blue envelope was put into her hands. How she tore it open and devoured the contents. "Mr. Vardon re- covering fast, though weak." Then the tension of mind found re- lief in tears, but they were tears of thankfulness. Could Jack but have seen them they would have been balm to his wounded heart. That cable- gram had been sent within an hour of Charles Knight's arrival. He had but taken a glance at the patient, heard the doctor's opinion, and sent the words ac- ross the water at once. "Ah! Jack, my boy, you have been working too hard, I fear. Jack turned dull and hopeless eyes upon the other. "You have come to explain," he said; "it is not necessary. Of course it was in evitable. I quite exonerate you both. I will bear it." Charles thought Jack was relapsing into the delirium of the last few weeks. He caught the drift of the words, however, and while a hot flush suffused his face, he understood in a moment the delusion under which the poor brain was suffering, but taking no notice of the words he went out and proceeded to the telegraph-office in order to redeem his promise to Beryl. On his return, a few minutes later, he said— "I have cabled that you are better, to re- lieve at once the terrible suspense of your poor mother, and Miss Medland, too, to whom this has been trouble upon trouble. You know her father is dead?" "Yes, she wrote me that. Her letters have been very short of late. It would have been better to make a clean breast of it at once." His friend, always quick at perception, and especially quick at reading Jack's transparent mind, became now convinced that this was no mere delusion, and though fearing to excite him he yet fully recognised the importance of undeceiving him and dispelling these torturing fancies as quickly as possible. "Jack! have you really distrusted Miss Medland? Have you been doing her such an injustice? Oh, Jack, this is unworthy of you!" This sudden turning of the tables took Jack utterly hy surprise. He looked up bewildered. Was it he then who was at fault? Where then had the mis- take arisen, if mistake there were? He could not remember at the moment where it had all origi- nated, what were the incidents, whose had been the words which had built up by little and little such a fabric of misgiving and mistrust, and of final conviction that he had been supplanted. He looked again into the clear honest eyes of his old friend. Truth shone out of them straight into Jack's own. "Oh, Charlie, forgive me!" and the thin hand clasped that of the other, who saw that the revulsion of feeling was almost too much for him in his weakness. "You foolish old boy! There—you ought to be asleep. Here is nurse with your medicine; it is quite late. Good-night; I shall be with you to-morrow. And thus, in one short hour, by a few frank words were the ugly spectres of doubt and despair, which had haunted Jack for months, vanquished for ever. To the coming of his friend was attributed rightly enough by the doctor and nurse, though by what potent means they little guessed, Jack's rapid improvment. When he had sufficiently recovered, Charles Knight saw Jack on board the steamer bound for home to bring his wife out with him when he returned, taking the management of the business in the mean- while. Then, when they returned together, Jack and Beryl, Charles Knight bade them goodbye, burying in his own heart the remembrance of that fiery trial from which he had come out victor, keeping religious faith with the friend whose life's happi- ness had, perhaps, lain in his hand. And for Beryl, it was well that she had never known anything of the storm and conflict which had been all that time, now past, tearing at the heart so near her day by day. She had not known it, and it was well that—at least on this side of the grave—she was never to know. 