Love Made Manifest. By GUY BOOTHBY, Author of "Dr. Nikola/' "The Lust of- Hate," "The Fascination of the King," "Sheilata McLeod," "In Strange Company," "A Bid for Fortune," "The Beautiful White Devil, &c..; &c.; INTRODUCTION. It was the island of Upolu, in the Sa- moan Group, and a breathless morning. The sun was almost at its meridian, the palms that lined the beach were as mo- tionless as trees cut out of cardboard, and the lagoon dazzling as a dish of quicksilver set in sand. The only signs of life were the tumbling surf upon the outer reef and a white boy lying upon bis stomach on the edge of a grove of wild oranges and cocoanut palms a hun dred yards above high-water mark, with his eyes glued to the pages of a book. There was not a human habitation of any sort in the whole landscape, though a native- village existed round the corner of one headland, and the European Set tlement of Apia was in the flood tide of life and trade behind the other. That the youth was absorbed in his book ad mitted of no doubt, for he lay as still as a sleeping turtle, oblivious to everything around him, though all the time the sun was driving off the shade and climbing higher and higher, and the surf was rumbling like thunder upon the reef on the other side of the lagoon. "Yet some men say in many parts of Ergland," he read, "that King Arthur is not dead, but is had by will of our Lord Jesus in another place. And men say that he shall come again and he shall win the Holy Cross. I will not say it shall be so, but rather I will say that here in this world he changed his life. But many men say that there is written upon his tomb this verse. 'Hie jacet Arthurus Rex Quondam Rex que Futurus.' " At this point he reverently closed his copy of Sir Thomas Mallory's immortal poem, and looked about him. It was a curious old book, that by some strange chance boasted a Balliol label inside its coverlid, and was coated and begrimed with the fllth and dust of fifteen che quered years in the Pacific. In the wild orange bushes on his right two green and yellow "jaos" were searching for honey, and at the same time chattering noisily; among the pink blossom of a group of fuafuas to the left, half a dozen Senga parrakeets, feathered in all colors of the rainbow, uttered their extraordin ary cries, while through breaks in the foliage overhead glimpses of the blue sky eould be obtained, showing a flock of white birds soaring up and up into what seemed the very eye of heaven itself. It was one of those days when it would ap pear impossible to work; and for this reason, perhaps, very few, save natives, were abroad, and even they, accustomed to the warmth as they were, preferred to lie in the shade, exchanging reminis cences. and absorbing the heat, rather than run the risk of injuring their con stitutions by any violent exertion. He was a strange boy, this ill-clod, ill- kept Claude de Carnyon; perhaps as ex traordinary a specimen of the genus as could have been found in the whole length and breadth of the Pacific. What his right to his high-sounding patrony mic may have been is more than I can say. It is sufficient, however, for the purposes of this history, that his father was a dissolute old beachcomber, who had arrived in the Samoan group early in the seventies. Among other things, he claimed to have once been an Eng- lish University man; but he was now a complete wreck, and lived with a Sa moan wife in a native village a mile or two outside Apia. Whatever other faults he may have had, neglect of his son's education could certainly not have been included among them; for a more ac complished youth for his age— he was barely fifteen — could not have been found on the Island or, for the matter of that, in the whole Southern Hemi sphere. Indeed, this teaching of his son was the brilliant old ruffian's one re maining amusement; and the lad had proved himself eager to make the most of it In mathematics, it must be con fessed, he was by no means reliable, but in Latin and Greek he could have easily held his own with many older men upon whose education thousands had been ex pended. The sonorous ancient poets were as familiar to him as the quaint Camoan sagas his dusky stepmother was wont to croon before the hut door at sun down, while his acquaintance with the best English, German, Spanish, and Italian literature was, if a trifle frag mentary, at least years in advance of that acquired by many students of even twice his age at our most cherished uni versities. In his way, the old beach comber was a genius; but, judging from the proofs he had so far given, his son bade fair to eclipse him. In physique, the boy was tall and well made, his hands and feet small and neat ly shaped. His head, from a phrenologi cal, and indeed from any other point of view, was a magnificent one, and crown- ed. with a wealth of curly hair that in the sunlight shone like molten gold. His features were a trifle disappointing, per haps, but on the other hand they bore unmistakable promise of improvement with age. For the present, they were re fined and in some respects harmonious ; the eyes were large and dreamy, the forehead broad, and the mouth some what small and sensitive, but not suffi ciently so to be out of keeping with the remainder of the face. The weakest part was undoubtedly the chin, which was scarcely square enough to indicate that amount ol' determination necessary for the formation of a really strong charac ter. Taken altogether, however, it was the head and face of a scholar, and one who would live by his brains rather than by his hands. As he put his book away and dropped his chin on to his folded arms, there was a stir in the long grass in front of him. Next moment a beautiful little specimen of the Veha bird came stealthily into view, searching for insects. Seeing the boy, and realising how close he was to danger, he dropped back into the grass and disappeared without a rustle in the direction he had come. For a moment or two all was quiet; then the lad espied, making his way through the dry her bage, a gorgeous black and gold beetle. His imagination, fired by the book he had been reading, pictured him as a knight in black and gold armour, mak ing his way through a dense forest in search of adventure. The path was a difficult one, and several times the course he steered led him beside enor mous chasms. In some cases they were of sufficient depth to swallow him half a dozen times over, and in not a few they measured at least eight inches from top to bottom. Leaving the track pro per, be branched off to the left, and at this juncture an episode occurred that heightened the make-believe and brought the boy's chin down to the dust, in order that he might not lose a scrap of what was going forward. On one side of the knight's path was a high rock; to climb it was out of the ques tion; on the other was a yawning preci pice, to fall into which -would mean but one fate— death. The path was scarcely wide enough for one, for two it was im- possible.Yet, as the knight passed along it, an enormous spider, of the tarantula breed, climbed down the cliff and blocked his passage. Evidently, thought Claude, this was the dragon of the Pass. The knight considered for a moment. To go back would be to own himself a coward, to go forward would mean a desperate battle and possible, if not pro bable, destruction. The foes on meeting had come to a standstill, and now re garded each other for upwards of a minute. Then the black knight, with out further thought, metaphorically couched his lance, stuck in his spurs, dashed forward, and before a prosaic Nineteenth Century could have said "Jack Robinson," had grappled with his antagonist. The demon of the pass was not behind him in desire, and for this reason they fought upon the narrow ledge with indomitable courage. The boy watched the combat with all his being, scarcely breathing when he saw the valiant knight overhanging the precipice, and feeling as if he must shout his joy aloud when the wicked nere was comnelled to give hack a pace against the mountain side. He was still watching it when he heard a rustling in the bushes on the bank above him, and, look.ng up, saw the face of a young girl smiling down at him. "Loie," he cried in surprise, "I didn't hear you coming." Then, as if by at tending to her he might lose some detail of the battle going on before him, he said, "Come down here and look at this fight! It's worth seeing, I can tell you." The girl parted the bushes, and did as she was told She was a pretty little creature, in white attire, with a wealth of silken hair hanging down her back, and a broad-brimmed straw hat stuck coquettishly on the back of her head "I wonder what mischief you are up to now?" she said, as she threw herself down on the sand beside the boy, and brought her face to a corresponding level. "No mischief," he answered quickly. "But look here. Do you see that knight in there? He's a brave fellow, I can tell you. I call him Sir Lancelot, be cause of his black and gold armour. When first I saw him he was riding his brave destrier through that forest in search of adventure, but had so far met with none. When, however, he reached this pass the Ogre of the Mountain dashed from his hiding-place, and blocked his way. He would not yield, of course, and now they are fighting for the path." Side by - side, head pressed against head, the boy and girl watched the com bat. It was not, however, long before it was decided. The wicked ogre/ employ ing some magic spell for which the other had no charm, wrapped his arms about the valiant knight, and putting forth an effort, hurled him from the path into the abyss, "Farewell, Sir Lancelot," cried the boy, in perfect seriousness, as the beetle dis appeared into the depths. "You fought a good fight, but the spells of Merlin have proved too strong for you." Rolling over on his back, he lay there for a moment staring up at the motion less palm fronds above his head. His companion did the same, and then they sat up and looked at each other and laughed. The girl's laugh was some thing to hear and to remember ; it was as unlike the ordinary expression of hap piness or amusement as the boy's char acter was dissimilar to those of the youths in the township round the corner. It seemed to contain the whole essence of raillery, with the smallest modicum of mirth, and yet while one felt bound to participate in it, there was the feeling that it was not altogether a sincere ex pression of its author's feelings. She was, as I have said, a beautiful child ; she boasted a fine oval face, large expressive eyes, a tiny rosebud mouth, small teeth, even, and white as pearls, and last, but not least, a complexion so perfect that it seemed impossible that it could have been subjected to the attacks of fourteen consecutive Pacific summers. She was the daughter, and only child, of a whisky-drinking coffee planter, of Irish extraction and good family, who lived on the other side of Apia, and she had been the boy's constant companion ever since he could remember. To-day he dis covered that she was better dressed than he had ever seen her before. She wore, as I have said, a white dress, a large hat trimmed with lace, shoes, which were quite unusual additions to her attire, and stockings of superfine texture and new ness. He could not understand it ; she saw his bewilderment, and as she did she threw back her head and laughed again. That laugh decided him. "You were always vain, Loie," he said, with the agreeable candour of youth, "and now that you've managed by some means or other to get some fine clothes you've come to show them off and try to make me jealous. But you can't ; I'll have quite as good some day, if not bet ter ; for all my jacket's so threadbare now." He scrutinised his ragged top garment with an exacting eye.tried to remove a portion of its dirt by brushing it with his fingers, and finally, seeing that it was quite impossible to better It, threw him self down again on the sand and took stock of his companion. She laughed a little defiantly at his outburst of passion, checked herself as suddenly, and, chang ing her tone, said, with a petulance that sat very prettily upon her; "If I'd thought you would have wanted to quarrel with me on the day that I'm going away, Claude, I shouldn't have come. You may never see me again, you know " This overture did not produce the effect she intended. He only said, scorn fully: "You're always thinking about going away, but you never go." "Well, we're going this time, sure as gospel," she said. "My uncle in Ireland, the one, you know, who drank O'Hara's whisky and fought the ghost, is dead; and now my father's rich, and what's more, I'm a lady— Lady Loie Fancnester and he's the Earl of Gilgovan. I shall go to court and kiss the Queen's hand, and wear the most beautiful dresses in all the world, and never have a thing at all to do but ride in carriages and enjoy myself from morning till night. There, what do you think of that?" For a moment the boy was too dazed by the brilliant prospect conjured up by her words to reply. He only wriggled his shapely brown toes into the sand and stared at her. "I don't believe a word of it," he said, at last, but this time with a visible ef fort. "You imagine such a lot; and you always were such a little liar, Loie!" She laughed and clapped her hands, not in the least angered by his candid criticism. "It's not a lie this time," she cried, her eyes sparkling with mischievous mirth. "It's what dad calls God's sober truth. The mail came in this morning, and brought a letter for him. When he had read it he had to have three drinks before he could understand it. Then he sent me off to the store, and told me I could buy whatever I liked; so I bought this dress, and we're going home to England this very afternoon. Though they wanted me to stay and pack my things, I ran away to tell you." By this time he had arrived at the conclusion that there was something in what she said. The tangible evidence offered by her gorgeous apparel, com bined with her last speech, helped him to a decision. But, clever as he un doubtedly was, he was not capable of grasping in an instant all that her go ing away would mean to him. Loie had been his friend and play-fellow, the sharer of his ambitions and dreams for as long as he could remember, and now to be told that she was going to leave him in order that she might take her place in a sphere to which it would seem impossible he could ever attain, struck him as not only a great injustice, but in the light of a positive personal injury. "Dad says I shall be the prettiest girl in England.as well as one of the richest," said Loie, brushing her hair back from her face with a gesture more expressive than any words. "You're conceited enough now; you'll be worse then," asserted the other, bru tally. "If you're going to be rude, I shall go away at cnce, without saying good-bye at all. No! no! This is our last day, so don't be cross, Claude!" "I'm not cross," the boy replied. "But I don't like your going away like this, Loie. Why need you go? I'm sure we're quite happy enough as we are. I've got heaps of new stories ready to tell you, and I'll write puetry about you as often as you want me to. You know you like that. You'll not find a bathing place anywhere to equal Rippling Falls, and it's so cold and shivery in England— not warm and comfortable, like this." He traced a half-circle in the sand with the toes of his right foot, and sniff ed the smell of the dried earth and with ered palm leaves as if it were the finest perfume. "You don't suppose I'm never coming back here, do you " asked the girl, in dignantly. "Why, when I'm tired of England, I shall travel about. Besides, I must go, you see, because my father's a Peer, and has to sit in the House of Lords in his robes, with a coronet on his head, like the picture we have in the din- ingroom at home. I'm going to be a Maid of Honour, and stand on the Queen's right hand." "I wouldn't give a fig for that," answered Claude, "I'm going to be a great author and painter some day, and have everybody talking about me and buying my books and pictures. That's a good deal better than being a Peer, or a Maid of Honour, . I think." "Then we'll be married in West minster Abbey like the princesses," said the girl, "and be happy ever after. Remember, Claude, you've promised to marry me." "I've not forgotten," answered the boy, sturdily. "When I'm a great author I'll be sure to come and claim you. And, Loie" — here his voice faltered a little as he realised for the first time how near the parting was— "mind you never for get me." "I will remember," she whispered, and as she spoke the rich blood mantled her cheek and made her lovelier even than before. "Now I must be going home. They'll think I'm lost." "I shall come down to the ship and say good-bye," said Claude. "Mind you do, and I'll be on the look out for you," she cried, and sprang to her feet like a young fawn. Then, with another "good-bye," she parted the bushes and went up the hillside singing in a voice that was as sweet and true as any blackbird's, the chorus of a drinking song she had picked up from her father. Gramachree ma cruiskeen Slainte glad mavourneen, Gramachree nia coolin bawn, bawn, bawn, Oh, Gramachree ma coolin bawn. After she had gone the boy sat for some time completely absorbed in thought. The world seemed suddenly to have fallen about his ears. Enthusias tically as he had spoken to her of their island home, he was not so bound up in it as to be without some ambition to make the acquaintance of the great world, and now that Loie was leaving it, its beauties seemed to crumble before his eyes, and it became drearier .than any desert. Over and over again, kind- hearted captains of trading vessels had offered him trips among the Islands, and once he had been tempted to venture as far as San Francisco. But on each oc casion, though he had pleaded hard, his father, who, in addition to being as poor as a church mouse, and disreputable as an average travelling tinker, was as proud as Lucifer, had forbidden him to take advantage of such kindness. Perhaps because he had never known a better, the home in the native hut was not as distasteful as it would otherwise have been. Nevertheless, in liis own way, he had derived a notion that his father was looked down upon, that in spite of his brilliant education and boast ed breeding he was not on a par with the Consuls, the captains of the trading schooners, or the principal storekeepers. He was not by any manner of means an affectionate son, nor had he the least reverence for the gin- drinking, debased old ruffian who called himself his father, and who lay from morning to night on his mat at the door of the hut spouting Latin and Greek, and trying to induce anyone who would listen to him to be lieve that once upon a time he really had been what he pretended, an Oxford don. If Loie were going away, why should he not go too? His father would scarcely miss him. He would probably swear very fluently for some minutes, and when that was safely through, would beat liis Samoan wife, quote some lines from an obscene old Latin poet, more or less to the point, and then order more gin, and forget altogether his rebellious offspring. The very thought of such an adven turous undertaking was almost too much for him. But if he did run away the principal question to be decided was where to go. Then he remembered that old Captain Bowler, whose schooner "The Morning Glory" plied between Samoa and Sydney, was in harbor, and was due to sail that very day. If he had not already gone, and he could only persuade him to take ' m with him in any capacity, it did not matter what, then his flight would be arranged for him, and he would have started on the ambi tious career he had marked out for him self. Once in Australia he could either remain in one of the big ciiies, or work his way to England, as he pleased. He resolved to see Captain Bowler without delay. As he rose to his feet a young Samoan of good birth, hailing from his own vil lage. passed along the bsach and ac costed him. "Talofa!" cried the new comer, halt ing alongside the grove. "Talofa alii!" returned the bos, politely. Then gathering from the ex. pression on the other's face that some thing unpleasant was toward, he ques tioned him. As a result he learned that his father had been searching for him in all directions in order that he might send him into the township for gin; and not being able to discover him he was promising him the finest thrashing he could imagine when he should com to hand. This seemed a good way ou: 0 the difficulty, and so bidding his ft : nd "farewell," he set off towards Apiji .-Jn his father's errand. By the tint, he reached the grog shanty from whiel. he was accustomed to obtain the spiri: it- was well past midday, and at ; . ur o'clock the mail boat, with Loie on board, was to sail. The bar was crowded, but it was n->t long before he discovered the man he was looking for, seated in a corner v. th a bottle of lager beer before him. was a big burly fellow with a kir i,y face, blue eyes, and a beard reached almost to his belt. iie greeted the boy with a friemiiv nod, and, elephantine facetiousn eS being the order of the day, inqui: wj how his new book was selling, and wh n he intended to sail with him. "To-day, if you will take me," replied the youngster, quickly. "I'll go aboard this afternoon." The skipper laughed good-humored!;.-. It was a joke that lost nothing by a pretence of seriousness. "That's the sort of talk," he said. "Mind you get your traps aboard to night, for we sail at daybreak." "I won't forget," said the boy, and. having achieved his purpose, he bade his friend "good-bye," and with flushed cheeks and sparkling eyes, and a bottle of gin under each arm, left the hotel and made his way home to the village, where his father resided. When he reached it he found his parent stretched out on a mat before the door, attired in an old suit of pyjamas, and in an execrable temy. He cursed his son fluently in three lan guages for a few minutes, and i."en turned his attention to the liquor, vviyh the first sentence of an ode to Bacchus ringing in his ears, the boy went round to the back to obtain some food from his Samoan stepmother. While eating . it he sat on the trunk of a fallen tree ; and reviewed his position. The skipper of "The Morning Glory" had laughingly offered him a chance to leave the island; he had taken him at his word, and in tended to stow himself away 011 board overnight. When they were safely out of sight of land he would make Ids ap pearance and claim the hospitality j which had been offered to him. He felt j compelled to adopt this course, for he I knew very well if he were to go on board I openly, the skipper, in spite of his in- 1 vitation, would not think twice about I putting him ashore again. I The mail boat that was to convey Loie I from Samoa was advertised to sail at! four o'clock, and at half-past three J Claude was on the beach endeavoring tol persuade some "natives of his acquaint- 1 ance to row him out to her. I If the morning had been hot thel afternoon was even more so. The sur-1 face of the lagoon gleamed like moltenl silver, and when he came alongsii! '- the« vessel her plates were so hot that heB could scarcely touch them. However, B he clambered aboard and found Loie.B true to her promise, on the outl"Oi; for® him, tricked out in all her finerj. HerB father was in the smoking-room on theB hurricane deck, surrounded by Lite p: in J cipal inhabitants of the beach !' "tingH all present to champagne, and .-o.-.>iu"ntjB ing enthusiastically on ih chare1' oJB fortune which had come to I'.iu.. Now that the actual monvni f part- ing from his old play-fell' w hrr an overwhelming desire to express h« real feelings took possession of the boy An unaccustomed nervousness, howeveiB was upon him, .and, try how he w uldl to make it, his tongue would not iittejB the words that were in his heart. AnW every moment the time permits «i »' J was growing shorter. Already i « sengers were saying their last "'"' .B byes," the shore boats were pushing 4 from the ship's side, and the lr-. offM cer had gone forward to the fo'c s to see about getting the anchor a boar® In despair Claude turned to tlv beside him. B "Loie." he whispered. "You a:o ?UIB you will not forget?" B "Forget what?" asked the g"l nnj unusual humility. B That when I become a great utM you are to marry me?" replied ' '' 'JB "No! I will not forget." a-cwer« Loie: "but, oh, Claude, don't he lor.?. can't wait long." "I won't be long," the lad answer® confidently. "I have made one step > day towards it." fl "What do you mean?" B "Why, that"— here he bent ' down and whispered in her '\ar when you are gone, I camvw Upolu. Loie, I am going to run nTaM However serious the situation have been she only clapped l'".-'- hands and laughed. ,B "Going to run away from Apia. Clau Why, -what a funny boy you are. sure. Where will 3rou go to? A" jH will your father say?" B This was not the sort of recep ' had hoped his news would re enam she saw that he was hurt by B cule. With quick womanly "Ci V turned to a side issue. fH "If you are going to run ,a"tl ,en B must come to England, an" t .jj® may be friends again. Oh. t,ia H i nice!" 1 "Friends! Loie," he ® ' gravity beyond his years. j,® going to be more than that. I s ® 777777 iiname, and then home and Jje married and live we're groin j» „ happiLfsnokeehe shivered, though he As, " . have told why. c0Ut fi cold " she said, almost at the moment; "and yet it's such a hot same moment daV' , „ came instant the whistle At / ' for shore folk to leave the ship. 8rtr leant forward and placed his arm C 1 her waist, and for the first time T h1« life his lips touched her cheelc Gwd-bye, Loie," he whispered, dar- l'nf. Xve" she ' faltered, with droop- -Good- T-hon i£ an afterthought 1ni j etn,i.k her, 'she added, "Remember, f we're to be married, and you're SJS io love anyone alse in the whole never love anyone but you, T I-- he -aid, and clambering over the droimed into the boat which his nve fr-o'ds had kept waiting for him. X-an-hour later the steamer was a cneek on the horizon, and Loie had lone out into the great world into which U was " '"on t0 follow h,er- A few "hours later he had collected his Jte«t treasures and his meagre ward- 77 and V as on board Captain Bowler's UhLier "The Morning Glory," stowed ' jn ;1 safe hiding- place. His pres- on hoard was not discovered until had been nearly twelve hours V pa Taen he made his appearance tl Lck and claimed the hospitality the Qkinner had so effusively offered him the previous day. A stormy five minutes WW the result, but as it was quite un- nocsible to put him ashore, and Captain Rnwler was forced to remember that he Li been the first to proffer the invita tion the best had to be made of a bad bargain, and the boy was accordingly carried on to Sydney. On avrivne; there he left the vessel and found himself standing on Circular euav with the hum of the city in his cars' and not a friend in the place. With the great ocean-going boats about him and oti1v five shillings in his pocket, he be«an to realise that his acquaintance Wjth the outer world had indeed com menced. \PTFR I- — FIFTEEN YEARS LATER. Fifteen vents had passed since the day when Claude de Carnyon said "good bye" to the Islands of Samoa; and even in his happiest moments he could not af firm that those fifteen years had in r.ny way proved equal to the future which, as a hoy, he had so sanguinely mapped «ut for himself. Clever as he undoubt edly was, success had so far refused to I crown his efforts. It was certainly not for lack of industry. He had written book after book, and play after play, and had pointed picture after picture, during his residence in Australia, but not a book had been published, a play pro duced, or a picture purchased, in all that time. The Colonies, ever ready to I claim talent when it has been thorough- I ly recognised elsewhere, were almost I stoical in their firmness not to encourage I him in his endeavors, and ak a natural I consequence his life as an usher in a I small up-country school had seemed the I most dreary existence possible to any I child cf man. Not once but several times I he had felt tempted to give up the quest I of fame and return to the island home I from which he had come. But some- I how on each occasion his faith in his I own ultimate success had proved too I sir org. and he had postponed it for a I while. All the time he was saving every I penny he could scrape together for the I campaign. At last, one lovely day in I May. he found himself standing on the I wharf of the Shadwell Basin in the Port I of London, looking over a pool of pea- I I soup-colored water, with a small bul- I lock -hide trunk, full of manuscripts, on I . the stones beside him. and thirty pounds I . in Bank of England notes safely stowed away in an inner pocket, wondering if it I could be true that his desire was accom- I Plished, and that he was really on Eng- lish soil at last. I Though ii? had only just arrived, lie I told himself no time must be lost in get- ting to business. Within a couple of hours of ?. tting foot on shore, he had conveyed id;-: one trunk up to Town and nstalled himself in a small room at the wpof a large house in Great Coram st., horth, to which he had been directed rm Sydn. y. An hour later he' had Purchased -i oen and a bottle of ink, had I J1"301"''1 " belongings, and posted his ost ehc-rtsited manuscript to a well- I naWn ' ' End 'blisher, whose very I v C Was :l 1 Kweet as music to his ears. I nn i.n ' if!nere is one part of London, I tni fi f i street, which to my I it i v!S e d6Pressing than another, I thpV ' 'ie bit o£ Town bounded on I sniiiv.0'? ''7 Pa-ncras Station, on the I thpw -"./.ssell square, on the east by I bvn ?Undlins Hospital, and on the west of aim Ri:am Court road. And perhaps I abon . "ingy thoroughfares that here I anflj-' Vle most depressing, dirtiest, I tttapn-fi1 st is that dignified by the 8 street' tj'1 api,ellation of Great Coram to pv, . i.ei c t,lere is absolutely nothing ,1 atm JT lht e> e' The houses are old I as IT"!- their aPPintments, as far than „ iCl 'I660 from the pavement, more f the's- V,e the inhabitants I hav ner ,lbtvi,ct invariably show signs of ,8 te USht t!le battle of life for inde- 8 'ntanrc e "eriods> a"d in the majority of I t0 have been badly 8 io , struggle <1 nmic )Sen.ant is noticeable that 8 fiven tn"e ln lbis salubrious locality are 8 o'oselv tlfclutin;sinS' passers-by more 8 fistent w-fl" WouId be considered con- 8 'he othei' ,their duty in the regions or. 8 t'ery butnf 6 f Hyde Park; while the cB 'takers, milkmen, and other small tradesmen in the neighbor hood, appear to have banded themselves together against the inhabitants, and to live in constant fear of moonlight Hil lings and of failure on the part of the said inhabitants to pay debts incurred for articles of human consumption. In Great Coram street and its environs it may be confidently asserted that the art of enjoyment has long since been lost in the face of the more obtuse problem of actual living. Though de Carnyon had all his life en tertained r. desire, that was almost a craving, to see and know for himself the life of the greatest city in the world, he did not waste his time in exploring it, but set himself to work upon a new book immediately he was installed. London would not run away, but his savings would; so he postponed amusement till after business hours. His slender means would not permit him the luxury of a sitting-room, and for this reason he used to take his glimpses of the town during the time the tow-headed maid-of-all- work was making his bed every morn ing, and when she was clearing away his supper in the evening. In this fashion he learnt to understand the difference between Burton Crescent, which is north, and Bedford Square, which is decidedly south. On the third day after his land ing he walked to Oxford street, where he stood on the pavement watching the endless stream of traffic, and dreaming of all that his future was to do for him. Presently he saw that he had attracted the attention of a policeman across the way, and also that he was considered in the light of likely game by two preco cious young thieves secreted in a neigh boring alley. When he found he had lost his purse he went home a sadder and a wiser man. A fortnight later his first manuscript was returned to him with a polite note from the managing partner of the firm of publishers to whom he had sent it, in forming him that unfortunately they did not consider that at the present moment they had a sufficiently advantageous opening for it. The two following posts brought him more refusals. He glanced from the letters to the neatly-tied, parcels upon his table, and thought, if he had not sold two lttle water-color sketches of South Sea life to a Jew in the Tottenham Court road that morning for a sovereign apiece, he would indeed have had good cause to feel un happy. He was ignorant of the fact that the selfsame dealer had resold his work, within an hour, for six times the price he had paid for it. If he had known this he would have been able to take them as an example, and have worked out for himself a pretty little problem in political economy, which would seem to argue that the original manufacturer of an article must be first mulcted in order that subsequent vendors may achieve a profit. However, though his manuscripts had been returned to him in a way he had been far from expecting, he was not at all disheartened by the blow. He was barely thirty, he told himself, and even at that great age one can surely afford to look upon the future with a certain amount of hopefulness. Besides, he was confident of the real value of his own work, and by no means wanting in push and self-assertion. He knew that soon er or later his chance would come, and then he would make the most of it. Therefore, he redirected the parcels, tied up and addressed another bundle of new MSS., and sallied forth to the post. When he had deposited tliem with the clerk he came out of the office in better spirits, and as the afternoon was fine, and he wanted to think, set off, at his best pace, for a long walk. Ultimately he found himself in Hyde Park, leaning against the railings, watching the move ments of the fashionable world. "Yes, my friend," he said to himself as a smart mail phaeton, driven by a pop ular novelist, passed close to where he was standing, "some day you are going to drive in this park in exactly the same style; and perhaps another poor struggling author, leaning upon thess rails, may see you, and derive some sort of encouragement from the look of fat ted contentment upon your face. Yes, it's got to come — the good time must come, and when it does, by Jove, I'll make the most of it. It surely can't be far off now; it seems to me I've struggled long enough." In the brightness of this summer even ing, success somehow seemed closer and more assured than it had ever done be fore. In thus looking into the future he forgot the fact that his books, upon which he had counted so much, had been summarily rejected by the publish ers; he forgot that his hard-earned, and still harder saved, capital, was reduced almost by a half; he only remembered that he was at last in England and in London, the Hub of the Universe, as someone has called it— at any rate, the place where publishers, and the hanging committee or the Royal Academy, live, move, and have their being. Moreover, when all was said and done, he was not quite unknown, for had he not sold two pictures and received-payment for them? Those pictures would doubtless be bought by someone else, and then there would be at least one person who would know his name and have paid money for his work. The thought comforted h'm. But if he could have seen at that mo ment those self- same works of art being exhibited in a Royal Academician s drawing-room, and have heard the great man describing to an audience, consist ing of a sculptor, an impressionist, a peer, and an M.P-. how he picked them up for a mere song in the Tottenham Court Road, and expressing his firm con viction that whoever the poor devil might have been who painted them, he was an artist to his finger tips, he would have felt even more confident of his future success than ever. But Destiny, like Justjce, must perforce go blindfold, and therefore cannot be expected to describe, either the warning or en couragement, the nature of the land that lies ahead. Leaving the Park, he made his way homeward, and as he went his thoughts went back to Upolu, and then by a natu ral sequence to Loie, whom he had not seen since that hot afternoon, when he had kissed her on the deck of the mail boat in Apia harbor and had promised never to forget her. It was not the first time by a great many that he had thought of her. Since he had been in England he had made constant inquiries about her, and had also endeavored to ascertain her whereabouts. All he could learn was that her father had quickly run through his inheritance, and was now living abroad for economic and several other reasons. He was still thinking of the old play fellow, when he reached the Tottenham Court road and prepared to cross into Store street. Just, however, as he was wondering what sort of a girl she had grown to be in her new life and sur roundings, he became aware of a com motion further up the street. At first it was only a confused shouting, that swelled into a roar and then died down to a sudden silence. Next moment, how ever, a runaway horse, drawing a han som cab, appeared in sight, making to wards Oxford street. The animal was flying down the street as fast as the ve hicle to which he was attached would permit him, and the other traffic was drawing on either side that he might have uninterrupted play for his talents. Just as he reached Goodge street an old man and a girl made their appearance from Windmill street, and without notic ing what was happening further up, be gan to cross the road. Every eye being turned to the advancing horse, no" one saw them, or thought to warn them, till they were in the middle of the road. By this time the animal was not thirty yards distartt. The girl turned her head and saw their danger, but it was too late. In another moment, unless he were checked, the terrified horse would be upon them. It looked as if no human power could save them. Women upon the pavement screamed. One or two men sprang forward, and afterwards stopped and stood still as if paralysed. Then, with a quickness that was more than half-instinctive, de Carnyon made up his mind, rushed into the road, and threw himself upon the horse as it went by. The crowd stood breathless, expecting every moment to see him dashed to the ground a.nd his life trampled out of him. But he had judged his distance well, and had caught the animal by the bridle. His weight was sufficient to check him for an instant, and then to divert his course altogether. Unable to support the strain upon his head, the animal swerved, missed the terrified couple in the road by an arm's length, crashed into the water-table and fell exhausted upon the pavement. On coming to the ground one of his hoofs grazed the young man's face, but otherwise he was none the worse for his adventure. It had been a most plucky rescue, and the crowd, who had hitherto offered no assistance, seeing that the danger wAs over, rushed up to bestow congratula tions upon the hero. Claude rose to his feet, and finding that he was unhurt, dusted his clothes, and was looking for a chance of slipping away when he saw another small crowd gathered on the pavement a little further to his right. He strolled along to see the reason of it, only to discover that it was occasioned by the girl, whose life he had saved, hav ing fainted in the gutter. Seeing that he could do no good he withdrew as quickly as possible and, hastening his steps lest he should be again recognised, made his way home. Once out of sight of the crowd he slackened his pace; his knee had become rather painful, and there was no need for any hurry. As he reached his house a ca bwas drawing up at the door, and to his surprise, just as he passed the steps, the self-same old man and girl, whom he had rescued, alighted from it. The girl seemed to have quite recover- a cab was drawing up at the door, and recognised him and came hastily to wards him. "Surely you are the gentleman who saved our lives?" she cried, eagerly. "How can I thank you? Oh, if it hadn't been for ycu we should have been dead now." "I was very fortunate in being able to stop the horse," he answered. "But you mustn't thank me too much, for after all it wasn't such a very difficult matter." By this time he had realised that the girl was tall and singularly handsome. But nevertheless it was not an alluring style of beauty. Her face was cold and somewhat hard, and her mouth had lines round it Claude's painting knowledge told him ought not to be in the face of a woman who, at the very most, could not be more than five or six and twenty. Her voice was soft and well modulated, and she spoke with a fair shew of refine ment. While she was talking to Claude, her father, who had been arguing the matter of distance with the cabman, before pay ing him, put in an appearance, and seem ed surprised to find his daughter in con versation with a stranger. He was an elderly man, perhaps sixty years of age, with a not unhandsome face, grey hair, and a long grey beard; he was dressed in a suit of solemn black that age was dye ing a peculiar shade of bottle green. There was a decided flavor of the cler ical about him. "Father." said the girl, as the old gen- tleman gained the top step, "this is tile young man" (Claude observed that she did not say gentleman) "who risked his life to stop the' horse just now. I thought you wculd like to express your thank sto him for saving our lives." The father paused for a moment and looked hard at the person referred to as if he were anxious to be quite certain, before he committed himself, that he was not being imposed upon. "Dear me!" he said, at last, pursing his lips up tight between each sentence. "And sho you are that fearless young man. Well, well, I'm sure you ought to be very gratified at the succss that at- ended your efforts. Your assistance was most opportune, and, as you doubtless noticed, the crowd gave you quite an ovation." "I'm glrtd to have assisted you," said Claude, feeling, he could not tell why, both hurt and angry at the old man's speech. "I hope you will be none the worse for your fright to-morrow." "I trust not, I trust not," answered the old man. "God's merciful hand has been strong upon me this day. He will not suffer my feet to fall"(then as if another thought had struck him, he added), "nor will he permit my body to become the prey of runaway hansom cabs." When he had said this he passed into the hall, and ascended the staircase without another word Claude and the girl stood in the entra :e "How is it we chanje to meet like this?" she asked. "Do you live in this house?" "Yes," said Claude; "I have a room at the top. I pass up and down stairs seve ral times a day; I wonder I have never seen you before. Have you been here long?" "No, we only arrived yesterday. My father is the minister of the Last Day Resurrectionists, whose tabernacle is in Woodmerrow street. We have three rooms on the second floor, and if you will come and see us of an evening I'm sure we will try to make you welcome." "Thank you," said Claude, as he look ed at the girl's pale passionless face. "I will come with pleasure. And now, may I ask your name?" "My name is Hebstone; Marcia Heb- stone And yours?" "Mine is Claude de Carnyon." The words had scarcely left his lips when a door opened on the floor above, and her father came to the bannisters. "Marcia," he cried, pettishly, "are you going to stand there talking all night, and keep your father waiting for his tea?" The girl turned to the young man be fore her, and, bowing slightly, bade him "good-night," and ran upstairs. Claude followed more leisurely, think ing of the curious acquaintance he had just made. Reaching his room he threw himself down in a chair, and tried to re call the girl's face as he had seen it in the shadow of the doorway. He wanted, if possible, to understand it. That it was by no means a common face he was aware; there was something about it that made it different to any counten ance he had even seen before. In the first place, he could see plainly that it was the face of a woman who knew the pangs of the keenest genteel poverty, and also of one who only looked upon the world from two standpoints, the religi ous and commercial. It was that of a bigoted woman; one who would show no tolerance and who would prefer to go to the stake in martyrdom than abate the smallest jot of her belief. All that was very plain. It was also evident that she had never known the power of love; whether that knowledge would ever come to her, and whether she would be capable of appreciating it when it did, was more than Claude could say He went across to a cupboard in the corner of the room and took from it a panel upon which he had once painted a likeness of Loie as he remembered see ing her last morning on the beach at Apia, Even if he could not write it was evident he had the true gift of portrait painting, and this little picture was in stinct with life and truth. The face upon the panel was as beautifu" as it would be possible to imagine a young girl's could be; 'the eyes were full of mirth and the little rosebud mouth twitching with life and mischief. Plac ing it upon his mantelpiece he sat down to his table and planned the opening chapter of his new book. When it was too dark to write any longer he retired to his bedroom to dream, not of Loie, but of the girl in the room below — Marcia Hebstone, o the remembrance of whose pale earnest face he could not rid his brain. One night about a week later, as he was on his way upstairs after a visit with a picture to his old friend the Jew dealer, the door at the end of the second landing opened, and Marcia Hebstone stood before him. As usual, she was dressed in black, with a plain white linen collar round her neck, made somewhat after the Puritan fashion of the seven teenth century. She was without her bonnet, and he could see that her hair, wh'eh was a deep brown color, was parted in the middle and brushed flat down to either ear without curl or ripple. The simplicity of this coiffure added to rather than detracted from the relig ous austerity of her appearance. "I was under the impression that you promised to come in and see us sotne evening, Mr de Carnyon," she said, as Claude approached her. "We have been expecting you this week past. ' "I have been very busy," said Claude, "and have not had time for visiting. May I come in now?" "We shall be very glad if you will," said Marcia, simply, and stepping back a little she allowed him access to the room. It was not a large apartment, nor was it at all well furnishtd; the. carpet on the floor was old, stained, and in several places worn almost threadbare; the sofa by the door was minus one leg and a back, while its leather showed several gaping rents through which the horsehair was slowly but surely making its way out and about the room; a cheap mirror, the tarnished gilt edge of which was protected by still more faded yel low muslin, hung above the chimney piece, and, where it was not cracked, reflected the three dust - covered geraniums in the window box outside, and the two impossible oil paintings of German origin that hung upon the oppo site wall. On either side of the fireplace stood two -arm chairs whose disrepair almost equalled that of their kinsman the sofa before mentioned. In one of these sat the Reverend Josiah Hebstone himself, chief minister and guide of the sect known to some two hundred human beings out of London's five millions as the Last Day Resurrectionists. He had just peeled1, and was now engaged in eating, an apple. Upon Claude's enter ing the room he did not stop or offer to rise, but merely signed to him to the chair on the other side of the hearth, and continued his employment. When the last section had been disposed of, and it became evident that nothing re mained save the core, he threw that into the empty grate with a sigh, rubbed his mouth and moustache vigorously with a red cotton handkerchief, and prepared to make himself agreeable. His method was scarcely more artistic than his man- ner of eating his apple, and it soon be came evident that a life devoted to de nunciatory preaching had quite unfitted him for sober conversation. The Last Day Resurrectionists require above all things, that their ministers shall be vigorous in their rhetoric; propounding their theories with clenched fists, and driving home their arguments with roars and bellowings that would do no dis credit to the lungs of the Bulls of Bashan. "I'm told that you're a writer of books and a painter of pictures, and that you live upstairs," he began severely, as if the three facts enumerated were criminal indictments, and he felt bound to treat them as such. "Yes, that is quite true," Claude re plied, with a smile. "I both write and paint, and I am reluctantly compelled to admit that I live upstairs. If I were permitted a choice, there are other houses I would rather dwell in, but since I r>m not able to pick and choose, why this one suits me well enough." "Few of us would remain satisfied with our lot in life if we could change it." said the old gentleman dogmati cally.. "It is in that we see the frailty of this poor human existence. And now, the one question — What faith hold ye?" Claude answered humbly that he held none; and but for a look on Marcia's face, would have gone on to say that up to the present he had never found occa sion to require one. It was an unfortu nate remark, for it served to give the minister the chance he wanted. Raising himself a little in his chair, and placing his hands together finger tip to finger tip, he opened his mouth and began to reprove him. He evidently saw the prospect of a convert, and at any cost he was not going to let him slip without a struggle. He began his discourse in a voice as low as the whisper of the evening breeze outside. For some moments he spoke jerkily and uncon- nectedly not having found his proper footing. Then inspiration came to him, and his voice took a fuller note; words crowded on each other thick and fast, hs face grew animated, his eyes glistened, and he was at once the true orator and leader. There was the ring of sincerity in his voice, and it was evi dent that for the time being his heart meant every sentiment his mouth uttered. His words were of no conse quence. What affected Claude was his manner of saying them— his delivery, the impassioned glance of his eyes, and the waving of his long thin hands. Hie sat entranced. Never in his life before had he heard such preaching. All the time he was talking Marcia sat beside the table in the centre of the room, her hands folded in her lap and her eyes fixed upon the golden eagle that, with outstretched wings, ornai- mented the summit of the looking glass. Once Claude looked at her, and as he did so he saw that her face was trans formed. Hitherto he had only thought of her as a woman, handsome, but cold; now under the influence of her father's words all that was changed, and she was radiantly beautiful. While he was watching her the preacher's voice shifted from its former denunciators' style to a low note of ten- derest entreaty. It lasted scarcely longer than a minute, and then with a startling peroration the discourse came to a conclusion. Claude rose from his chair, his heart too full for speech. Hitherto he had never thought of religion as a stimulus to life. In some vague was' he had al- was'S regarded it as a peculiar sort of accessory to death; to be considered in the same category with sextons, shovels, hearses, tolling bells, and all the gr'm appurtenances of the undertaker's craft. He shook hands with father and daugh ter in a sort of bewilderment, thanked them for their hospitality, and then made his way upstairs with a tumult, for which he could in no way account, raging in his heart. He sat down in his chair by the window and looked out across the houses to where he could just catch a glimpse of St. Paul's rising from the sea of roofs into the gathering gloom. Never before had the sight of that wonderful dome struck him in such (Continued on Page 6.) : (Continued from Pgae 3.) a peculiar way. Some day, so be told himself, he would attend a service there and see if any of the aristocratic clergy officiating in that venerable pile pos sessed the power of stirring him as deeply as the humble minister of the Last Day Resurrectionists downstairs. His reverie was at length interrupted bya loud knock at the door. In answer to'his call of "Come in" the dirty, be draggled housemaid, who usually at tended to his wants, entered with a letter, which she handed to him. When she had "left the room be turned the en velope over and looked at the address. The handwriting was stiff and quite un known to him, the paper was good, and the flap was an embossed stamp repre senting Minerva's classic head. Wondering whoever's handwriting it could be, he broke the seal and withdrew the contents. The room was . nearly dark, and he had to hold the paper close to the window before he could decipher it It proved to be from the firm of publishers to whom he had offered his 1 test MS., and ran as follows: — Fleet street, July 6th. Deer Sir. — With respect to your book, "His Firm Conviction," the manuscript of which you were good enough to sub mit for our perusal, I am pleased to be able to inform you that bur reader has reported favorably upon it Though feeling that it is not exactly up to what we consider our usual standard, we shall be pleased to give you fifty pounds for the copyright, and at the same time to offer to consider any further works from your pen you may care to submit to us, at an increased remuneration. Solicit ing the favor of an early reply, we beg to subscribe ourselves, your obedient servants. Jacobs, Trent, and Tidmarsh. Claude de Carnyon, Esq. Claude put the letter down with a sigh of relief, and also a peculiar feeling of bewilderment. The one great desire of his life was accomplished — a book of his own writing had been accepted by a London publisher. The offer was cer tainly not a generous one, but still it was an opening that might lead to greater things. He picked up the letter again, re- read it, and then leant out of the window to watch the progress of the night and to think. Almost instinctively his thoughts went back to the Pacific. He saw himself a boy again, studying with his father, chasing Loie along the besch, bathing in the mountain pools, and dreaming al ways of the career that now seemed real ly to be opening to him. And all this time, he wondered, where was Loie and what was she doing? Had she forgotten her old playfellow, and were they des tined ever to meet again? He remem bered her last words to him when he bade her good-bye on board the German mailboat : " Good - bye. Remember, we're to be married, and you're never to love anyone else in the whole world." With the remembrance of this speech in his mind he drew in his head, shut down the window and went to bed. His dreams were many, but figuring in them all was one person, wno was nut Loie. Marcia Hebstone was always be fore him, with her pale determined face, just as he had seen her while her father was preaching that evening. It was the face of a woman who would either make or mar a man's career. His dream was a perfect nightmare. He saw him self successful, but in the hands of Mar cia and her father. Together they held him tight and were drawing him down, down, to his ruin, while Loie tried hard to save him and lost her own soul in the attempt. He woke in a cold sweat of fear, and discovering that it was on the borderland of day resolved on no account to go to sleep again. (To be continued). I 