— — g DAY By. DAY. : Though his Excellency Lord Br&ssey; maim tained an august reserve to the Sydney news-i paper men,- when he was passing through this - city, en route for his smellful capital, hq ' eused off several- fathoms of his mainshect when confronted here by a special reporter, of Melbourne "Argus," with a ravenous hum ger, for -information about the condition. oC those ''silken bonds," and the state of health of the1 British aristocracy — a subject of abn sorblng moment to. the Melbourne aristocracy. Lord Brussey was quite chatty, in his very, best manner, to the fortunate Argus" scribe; Bad his lordship delivered any addresses in England?' Why. certainly! He had made no less than three speeches there on Victoria alone (which proves that England's loss was Victoria's gain— or— should" It be, the other way about? Something seems wrong with the foregoing comment, anyway.) . On-each occasion Lord Brassey . hud mentioned the "silken. bondB;" 011 each occasion, "I spoke very strongly on the sentiment of loyalty " which binds, &c.;, &c.;, and as his lordship pointed out, on each occasion, the, very elite of England were present. . In one oration his Excellency had tampered , ithe "bonds" and thp "loyalty" with statlst!cs-"all the. statistics furnished me by the Victorian Government."- But he. ha.d dealt chiefly with? "the social nd-> vance of Victoria as distinct from Its mate rial progress." . (Yes!) From which .lt may. perhaps be gathered that Melbourne no longer, wehrs sealskin,- jackets, diamonds, and burst hoots in Collins-street at 9 a.m. Lord,Brus. sey- won four first prizes In -England with a' small yacht. "I sailed her myself," added his lordship, with conscious pride, and no doiib't hitching his slacks ' and ' rolling bi'I quid! Altogether a most satisfactory, lnter-4 view; , , ;)':' ..! it The champion mean man seems to have lived In Victoria. He, Is now. very dead. The champion mean 'woman . of the world, also quite'; dead, 'resided in Auckland/ New Zea. land. She; a person of wealth, was in tlia habit of cadging soup tickets— they had a soup kitchen in Auckland "during the benefi- cent, Stout- Vogel regime— from her. friends, and feeding her poor old pauper papa: 011 the proceeds; . But the Victorian champion went one better. It has just come out, In a law suit, consequent upon his disputed will, that I when his wife died he denied that he knew I her. "No," he said, "that uln't Eliza." Ai I witness testified to this fact, and declared lq I open court, "He pretended not to know her; I because he didn't want to pay for her burial.'f- I Asked, "How long did he keep up this prei I tence?" witness deposed, "As soon as he read I the name on the coftlri he' said, 'Yes, It's Elizat I but I'm not a-goin'1 to pay -for her.' " Ana; I apparently he didn't, nor has he to this day I defrayed, and he probably won't now defray, I the .cost of performing the last offices, before I burial to the deceased. . One might perhaps I pardon a man Who thus shirked his rcspon- >1 siblllties with regard, . say, to' his defunct I mamina-in-law — though it might be supposed I thankfulness would .make the 'ordinary citlzed I generous on such an occasion— but -the man I who thus went back on . a devoted old wife I and life partner, must have been very had, I or excessively mad. Talking about meanness, I reminds the writer that, a truthful New Zea« I land chemist once told him that a' lady who . I had bought from him a toothbrush for six- I pence knocked him up at 11 p.m., a week I later, to ask him1 to change It for scent. She I said she hud only used the brush a few, . I times. I : — - : 1-1 I The- story, as is inevltablej- ls going 'tha I rounds to the effect -that, prior to the late as- I sassinatlon, by an anarchist 1 brute, of the I Empress of Austria, the usual White' Lady I of Hapsburg, who is supposed to appear I whenever calamity threatens that house, was I seen flitting about the palace at Vienna by a I sentry. The writer has no word to say I against ghosts In the abstract, having en- I countered one or two of those unsubstantial I personages during the course of a long and I well-spent life! But how is it that popular I opinion only permits a family ghost to fami- I lies of high degree? Why shouldn't tlia I Browns, the Smiths, the Joneses, and. the Ro« I binsons. have their domestic spectre, to warn I them, .of .coming evil? Are we, ,to suppose, I from the apparent absence of these humbla I messengers of fate, that there Is no' personal I continuance for folk of common degree, or I that only those of high lineage are allowed I out o nights, with a latch key, when they go hence? It may be admitted that a lady in I white, or a gent clad in complete steel, Is far more effective, from a spectacular point of I view, when revisiting the "pale gflmpses of I the moon," than would be the shade, say, of M Sairey-Gamp, Or Betsy Prig, habited in an m old-time night-cap, frowqy pettlcoat, and-per- fumed with gin, -onions, and cloves. Still, on I the theory of the perfect natural equality of I th<» human race before birth and after death, B low-born ghosts have Just as much right to B wander round, and. warn Mrs. Jones that her B old man- is going on an awful gin crawl,, or fl Mrs. Brown that Brown Is going to suspend himself in the wash-house, as the White Lady has to caution tlie House of Hapsburg. This, H therefore, Is a reverent, but emphatic, protest against aristocratic families having a mono- poly of what /.may . be termed "sentinel nhosts!" Apropos ghosits nnd sentinels, here is a per- H fectly true story of an event which happened H within the writer's personal cognisance, and H which, has never, he believes, seen print:— It H was a cholera season la Benares (E.I.), and B the- Hussar regiment . stationed' there was H dying off in a whole-souled manner. As soon B as a patient was defunct he was put in a B "dhooll" .and conveyed' to the dead-house— 4 B ithey were not' high-toned enough to call It. ti "morgue," Over the door of that grim house B was a sentry, a; recruit not long out from B England— and in a blue funk. ' Before he had been sentry-go long he lioard a fearful D banging; ' interspersed with blood-curdling B shrieks, issuing from: the dead-house. He unobtrusively threw down his carbine and B retrented On the guard-room. The . ergeaut B of the guard, pitying the recruit's inexperi- B ence, sent -the corporal back with the young- B ster to his post, and the corporal satisfied the B neophyte that the trouble in the dead-house B merely proceeded from two jackals which had B effected an entrance. The l-ecrull took up his B weapon nnd recommenced his tramp. A B little later the door of the place was sudden- B ly opened, and a figure I11 uniform came out. B The recruit promptly turned and ran, biit B came back, when he recognised that the visi- B tnnt was only the corporal, who had been Into B the dead-house again, unobserved by the B sentry, -to see all was right before returning B to his guard. Anihour afterwards (he door B was again opened, and there stalked forth one B clad in hospital clothing, his jilws bound up. B The sentry took his courage In- both hands, B and rushed up to the spectre! "Jnckals, I nnbe, B corporals I know, but ghostes has no hUBlness B 011 this post!" And with his carbine he fell B ed the "ghost," -who happened to he a clio- B lera patient In collapse, who had been car- B rled away under the erroneous impression B that he was dead. He was perfectly dead B by the time that sentry had done with hlmt B As before pointed out, on those rare oeca- H sions in England and the noi'th of France- B when the thermometer registers mor than B 60deg. of heat the inhabitants think, the end B of the world Is coming, a-nd naturally get very . B anxious concerning an event for which only .1 B small percentage of them are prepared or dc- B sirous. So they immediately set their as- B tronomers and other scientists to poke about . H to discover. If possible, what's wrong. Dur- H lng the recent autumn at -the antipodes it H was a little warm on one or two occasions, Ifl and the people Immediately anticipated the B| Last Trump. However, M. Flammarion, llto |H French astronomer, at once put in his fine work and located the trouble. He found tbut H the sun was suffering from a pimple. It was . H a good size -for a pimple, was almost a boil, In fact, having a diameter of 50,900 miles, and there were a number of little plinples adjn- H cent. M. Flaiflmarlon, being a Frenchman, nnd having the idiosyncrasies of his race, H fancies that "some revolution of ail extrnor- |H dinury- character Is going on (in the sun), and B| .that this causes the intense heat now prevu- lent." M. Flammnrion Is too Imaginative. He would probably deem the howling of a few hundred absinthe sqaked Parisian loafers at Mi the Biife side of a barricade a "revolution." B| nnd imagines a little spot of 50,000 miles dla- IB meter In the sun to be a solar revolution. Whereas a thing of that sort up there is as comparatively Insignificant us a French "coup d'etat." There is always a boll more or less on the face of the sun. just as there Is ajways a b;-oll more or less proceeding lit |B France. But nobodv seems 11' uennv (he Bi worse. ZED. 