The Story of a Stampede. A FAMOUS INCIDENT OF COWV , BOY LIFE. J In 1876 the WilBon. Brotbpra, of Kansas City, purchased over 15,000 head of rattle and arranged to con traliee the herd hear Comanche Springe, in Metiennan County. On the fourth of inly the entire herd wasunder way,4eaded for Toffaeh' on the Brazos River. ,Jt eras a magni ficent army of etesn, in superb con dition. kept together by a corpa of twenty-five'' 'cowboys mounted on broncos- - At A o'clock' in the after noon, writes J. B. Cranfili in the In dependent, abtack cloud showed above the foothills, and' the eun shining againet it painted a rainbow, which appeared toteuch the earth at both' ends. The entire her J became tier- j reus, and showed their fear by those; i'iW he!Willis ominous to the ex- ! perienoed cattleman kb the trulteriag thunder. When tli0 6uuset thrcatlle were bedded on the plains near the ■South Bosque. A detail of four cow- ! boy's was made for the first watcb. j and .these mounted sentinels took ! their piaens and rode silently around"! the sleeping squadron of long-horns. The first watch ended at 9 o'clock, and j the second watch went on duty. At JO o'clock the cattle appeared ; be sleening profoundly. 'J'be -cm boye eay that cattle dream and n ghosts; it is certain that this drove of 15,000 was nervous, made so, perhaps | by the thunderstorm of the previuu. ' afternoon and the rainbow which the* eyed with suspicion. The stare were all shining, and: them was no cause at all for the1 arousing of the herd. They appeared to get up all at once, with a single ; purpose, and the roar that was heard seemed to come from a single throat. ■ The Wilson Brothers and their cow boys, who were sleeping in their camp, rushed to their ponies, who were grazing with the saddles and bridles on, and as faBt as the bite could be replaced in their mouths 'bey mounted and galloped to the flanks of thu now disappearing mass. The cowboys kept out of ti e way'o! the charging mass, aud galloped' on the flanks, moving toward the head ol the column, hoping to start them moving in a circle. ' As the herd rushed on, their borus rattled to gether, and all the horns of fifteen thousand head of cattje rattling together sounded like au immense concert of caBtanets. The chief of the Wilson Brothers was riding a cream-coloured stallion, and he had his Colt's revolver id his hand. ■ .One of the cowboy's .on a gray horse was able to keep up with biro. These two distanced all the otfaera- They rode across the front of the stampede, which is a feat attended with terrific danger; for when a rider is in front of the rushing drove of mad cattle, if his horse should stumble snd fall, he may be put down as a tiiiug of the past. The herd will • wipe him out.' There was a bunch of about fifty cattle fully twenty yards in advance, and towards this leading group, also, some were faster than others and* this group ran in a diamond shape, with two irnmeus steers leading all. When Mr. Wileonaad his companion reached the two loading steers they began shooting their revolvers close to them, and in that way the bunch wab made to oblique,and as the lead ing bunch of cattle ob/iqsd, the main stampede obliqued, end the first nlep ill « milling' hud been taken By thiB time the cattle were getting tired. Nearly flfw mileB had been covered, and the Breath of the leaders was coming ehort and painfully; but they , were rushing on, because the front o&ttieat; t'uie time knew, as a matter of fact their only safety was in keeping np. the run. Mr. Wilson had a Mexican along one of the best cowboys in eouth weBt. This Mexican had been to the little brandy runlet too often, and hie usual excellent judgment went away. When he succeeded in getting .mounted, the etampede had gone past him, so that when he overtook the end he passed to the front on the other aide and rode on the wrong flank. When he reached the head of the herd be waB just in time to defeat the, -manoeuvre then under execution of bending the moving tnass from a straight hue to a semicircle. Bevolver in hand, disregarding the other men, he began shooting in the faces of. the wild steers; and the effect of thie was to straighten the run and ■ bring the advance straight towards a precipice. This precipice was a wash in the' prairie, forming a deep ravine fully thirty yards njde; and in a shorter time than it takes to tell the bead of the column was pouring over a horrible cascade of beef, plunging l ■madly into destruction while fleeing j from an imaginary danger. When Mr..Wilson and bis lieu tenants saw that it was impossible to save their cattle, tbey saved them selves by dexterously turning at right angles at full speed and riding ?Ut wey" TheJr returned to the flank, and held a council of war. A few.seconds decided them, and all hands commenced shooting into the herd, the object now being to build a breast work of carcasses and1 save the rear ebd from the destruction that had overtaken the front. The golly was nearly full by this time, j/.bey were snorting and bellowing crashing and tearing, and still heap tug up ; and when the firing began ! the wounded ones tumbled over on olberotherandinaehorttlioiimegully, like the sunken road at Waterloo, was bridged by'barcasseB. The herd I surged up iu billows, and bent bowl because it could not do otherwise The eemioirole was formed, and Wil son and jiie men crossed The gullyhe low and rode ronnd the opposite side I and recroBBed; and in a short tiine tbey had the cattfehaUed, forming an incomplete' letter O, and there tbey stood hlowing. bellowing, and shiver ing. , ; . All hands remained on watch all ] night, and in the morning when a u>un t Wag made, it Was ascertained j tuat 2,/00 bead were missing. There ■ wens afterwards 2,700 purs of boms taken bom That golly. It was nailed « Stampede Gnlly' for many years afterwards. Another tender hue been accepted for. the eupply of 90,000 sleepers In connection with ' the work of the' Moree to tnvernil railway line. This mahoB a total of lOO.OOd eu pplied, or abont to he supplied, within the space' cfeix months. ■*•.-.-c 1-: 