©MX ®alc. THE GHOST OF HEATHER- LEIGH PRIORY. (Bv 13. A. Belcher, in tlie " Catholic Fireside.") (Concluded.) Wc retired - to our rooms about, eleven. Tlie first thing I did oil gain- " ing mine was to draw aside the curtains and open the window to get all tlie country air possible.- It was a elorious summer niglit; the moon was almost. full; it shone on tlie old garlien, its silver beams glistening on the nion't, while the mighty cedars cast deep shadows across the lawn. I put out my candle, and from the open window admired tlie moonlit landscape, inhaling the- fragrance of many flowers '-.with which tli« whole air seemed laden as with sweet'incense. ' How silent it was ! the whole country sceinbd ;MT£tpped iji steep. Only ibe occasional fcarking^wa dog or the lowing of cattle ^roW the deathlike stillness of- the fcnmrfier night. I laid my head-on the pillow with my mind fully made up to be curate of Heatherleigh (if the rector would have me), and well pleased I was at the prospect. " Man proposes but God disposes." That night was destined to change the whole course of my life. I was never to be curate of Heatherleigh, or of anywhere else either. I could not sleep from thoughts and conjectures regarding my future. My mind had gone back to old Oxford, to 'Varsity triumphs on the river and in the cricket field, and mixed up with 1hese thoughts of former clays Dorothy Trent's sweetface seemed ever before my eyes. I was evidently smitten, and laughed to myself at the idea of such absurd " love at first sight."' The house was very still ; a clock in the corridor struck the midnight hour, and seemed to spend at least half an hour iu the performance ; then another in a distant part of the bouse followed suit. I lay wide awake watchjug the reflection of the lattice window which was cast by the moon ifyon the opposite wall. Suddenly a chill seemed to seize me, a tremour ran through my whole frame, an awed sense of some strange presence seemed to possess me. I sat bolt upright, and gazed iu horror right before me, expecting I knew not, what. As I gazed the door in tlie far corner opened slowly and noiselessly—absolutely noiselessly—<i figure attired in a strange dress advanced slowly and silently Into the room. Tlie door closed behind it. It was a man of medium height, clad in a long white robe, fastened at the waist by a girdle of rope. At his side hung a large string of brown beads and a cross of black ebony, upon which a silver image of Our Itedeemer shone in the moonlight with strange brilliancy. His face was still in shadow, and the eyes downcast. That he was a monk I felt no doubt; but how and from whence did lie come ? What brought him at this hour to my room ? The figure advanced into the clear moonlight. His face was wan and sorrowful, and very pale, his tonsured head was bared, and beneath his right arm was a book. With trembling fingers I made the sign of the Cross, as I had seen Catholics do in times of fear and alarm. Immediately the monk raised his head, his eyes (they were dark and luminous) seemed to search my very soul. I shall never forget that look. " Father, what am I to do ?" I cried in tones of earnest entreaty, for that pleading look seemed to ask something of me, though the lips were mute. Slowly, as if iu answer, he raised his left hand, at fhe "same time grasping the large crucifix, and no words of mine can-ever describe that vision in its real solemnity as I saw it—that ascetic.figure in monastic garb, with pale, spiritual face, and large, luminous eyes, standing erect and silent in the moonlit room at that midnighthour, holding aloft the crucifix, the silver image of Our Holy Redeemer gleaming against the dark ebony cross. I remained spellbound, until the figure turned and slowly moved towards the door, which again opened noiselessly. Once more he looked at me, again those pleading eyes" seemed to stir my inmost soul. With the uplifted crucifix he made a sign as if to beckon me to follow; then the door closed silently, and he was gone. Without pausing to consider, I made as if to follow him, but the door through which he had seemed to pass was locked, the key turned just as I had observed St early fn the evening. Then a great fear seized me that the monk was a visitor from the unseen world. There now remained no doubt In my mind but what* had brought him to me. It must mean something, warning of approaeWfeg ..deaths perhaps. The more I reflected, the more inexplicable became the mystery. To compose myself to sleep was impossible, so I sat by the open window and waited for day ; already the first grev streaks of dawn appeared in tlie eastern horizon. I thought and praved as I had never prayed before, and'ere the sun had risen and nature awoke to tlie new day I had made a groat resolve, which would alter mv whole future career. I was obliged to return to town by the first train, and tlie bustle occasioned by my early breakfast and departure was a great relief, as I was in no mood for conversation, my nerves being thoroughly shaken. I took a. hurried leave of my kind hostess and her pretty daughter. The gonial colonel insisted on driving me to the station. On the way I asked if he knew anything of the former history of his house in as careless a. tone as I could assume. He replied briefly that it had been a Dominican Priory originally, but of its history he knew nothing. I bade my kind friend goodbye with much gratitude, smiling at his assurance of soon seeing me the curate of 'Heatherleigh, and next day despatched him a. letter briefly declining the curacy. On the first opportunity I visited the Dominican Priory in London, and there satisfied myself by the details of the habit, etc., that my midnight visitor was a genuine monk of mat order. I also gathered from tlie Prior a few particulars regarding their former settlement at Heatherleigh, but did not mention my reasons for enquiring about it. Being free, f went abroad for three months. This period was tlie most, wretched I ever spent. No-' thing could amuse pfi give me rest ; day and night tliajt' midnight vision seemed ever before jne,. those-pleading, searching eyes haunted me, the" time .- I had resolved to take" in consideration elapsed, I went to the., Priory aititv asked the Fathers to instinct mor Two months after, on Holy Saturday, I was received into the True Fold. The same evening the monastery cliapol looked its best, the air was sweet, with scent of many flowers, the incense floated up in fragrant clouds : it was my first Benediction as a Catholic. The last beautiful strains of " Tantuin Ergo" died away ; the prayer said, a holy stillness fell upon the kneeling congregation, who waited for His blessing. As the silver bell gave forth its first sweet notes I raised my head. There, amid the incense clouds before tlie altar, stood the priest in rich vestments holding aloft, the Most Holy Sacrament, and by his side there appeared a. face, that of a monk, with dark and luminous eyes, which looked at me with gentle, loving approval ; tlie pleading look was gone, and a wondrous smile seemed to illuminate the pale face. I bowed my head to receive our Lord's blessing. When I looked again the priest and server alone stood before the altar. From that, time a wondrous peace has been within me ; no more have I been troubled by that pleading face. I feel sure the monk is satisfied. Oh, no, I never became a monk. I had no vocation that way. After the first consternation caused by the step I had taken was blown over a bit. my father came round so far as to make me a small allowance, and I obtained some office work. Colonel Trent found me out, and many happy weeks did I pass under his hospitable roof. I married Dorothy al>out a year afterwards, and. looking back over more than twenty-four years, can say with deep thankfulness that I gained the two greatest blessings of my life at. Heatherleigh Priory—my religion and my wife. The wife of a well-known politician keeps a scrap-book, in which she pastes all the uncomplimentary paragraphs printed about her husband. They come in handy for quotation at times. P. J. O'Oohnob, Merchant Tailor, next Richmond Town Hall. A nice assortment ol fashionable tweeds just opened. Firstolass tradesmen employed. Prices, fit, and material guaranteed to give satisfaction. A trial solicited. 