? EVELEEN REDGREAVE. CHAPTER IV.—(Continued). The shore on. which we followed our new avocation was an unequal one, and consisted 'principally of sand-banks —large deposits of sand encircled by runlets of "water, which were dry or neiirly so when the tide was out, but iHJcai'rio suddenly full when it began to flow again. They were from their nature much sooner filled with water thoni the level strand, and, of course, than the sand-banks at whose base they ran. After a short time we found out by experience that it was on these same saml-banks the largest and finest shell treasures were to be found ; but here, unfortunately, our information halted. We forgot altogether, in the ardour of our pursuits, that the sea was a treacherous element, rapid in its stride and relentless in its appetite ; and so it happened one fine evening that, having purposely selected one of the highest and broadest of the banks as the scene of our operations, we pursued our labours with all the persevering industry of a new excitement, and were only awakened from our dreams of pleasure and security by the horrified exclamaition of the terified Bessy of—" Good Lord ! if the water hasn't gone and surrounded us, Miss Eveleen !" I laughed at the absurdity of her fears and exclamation at first, but when I advanced to her side and gazed at the cause of her terror l^mHed'so more." There at our f^'t^rofe^/w[watery gulf, which' completely separated us from the strand behind,/and wfirch; itself was beginninjg^lipo symptoms of the fijjst^ntag^&e.; tfS^e, stood and gazed, bu't'^Jrere wasSf® int^' take about it; the predjtamerit was evident; the peril notTOj^^uiMjedW . made light of ; the wa momentarily increasing in deErtlHand encircling us like the coils of a great.serj)ent, glittering to look at, but difficult to escape. I turned to Mary—she was as pale as a ghost; I looked to Bessy, she was wringing her hands in despair,-and frantically declaring that " we were all sure to be drowned, since what human creatures could ever hope or expect to cross sucli a sea as that ?" I rallied my senses,-and endeavoured to think what .was best to be-done ; but the waves outran my meditations, and still flowed sullenly on, like conquerors who are sure of their victims, and enjoy their agonies before they strike' the final blow. Already the stream wfts uiifordable at the particular point on whicili we stood ; I rushed to another—deeper still; to a more distant) one—but everywhere the watery barrier rolled on—a startling and Impassable object between us and safety. I turned my agonised eyes again, to Mary, and was . astonished to bear het say, with a tranquil smile that seemed to transfigure her into an angel, " Don't look so troubled, "dearest Eveleen ; if our time is come, it is God's will that it should be so^ and His holy will must be our law, and accepted as such ; it is not hard to die, after all, when " " Mother of mercy !" broke in the excited Bessy, as she stared hopelessly into the foaming flood, and seemed in her despair to meditate a desperate rush into, its boiling bosom—" Mother of mercy !" she cried, " what are you talking about, Miss Mary ?: It is hard to die—desperate 'hard ; I don't care a pin who says other; and my poor grandmother wanting my little wages, and no one knowing where to find the corpse and give it a decent wake and respectable burying ! I'd swim across this mortal minute if I-knew- how—but that's the murder of it! Oh 1 Jf I wa* only an otter, or Tom Kelly, that, can swim like one!" In point of fact our situation was perilous enough. Every moment increased the danger; for now the sea perceptibly encroached on our boundary, and at each influx reached nearer and nearer to our feet; while the level strand beyond the stream was already flooded, and the waters crept on and on, foaming and tumbling, as if in glee at having environed us. I was powerless—nerveless—palsied almost. If I had been alone, I would have hazarded the adventure of endeavouring to crois the intervening obstacle, formld&bteas; it looked; but Mary ! I-.turned again towards'' her, and beheld her kneeling on the sand engaged In earnest prayer, from wlijeh she arose to throw bei-self Into my iirms. TVewill :die together, and thus, dearest couidn," she.;mui'-. mjpegrjn a low and- plaintive voice, wfifaatouch of tremoar in it. ' .."... you won't—you won't, Miss Mary^-you vrtwi't Miss Eveleen! Borrow die we'll die this time, with .the blessing of God !" again interjected Bessy in a livelier and ; a more aegured tone; " there's a boy comipg for UR_two, faix ! Why in the ,wc;rhl W t t ^ 'toiag a, shij), or a bt>at,or Something ? Hallo ! fclake haste, for the love of mercy—make haste, boys, will ye, for dear life! Can yc swim Y No matter—come across at any rate !" All these ejaculations, questions, and directions were addressed to two young men, who had seen our danger, apparently, from the shore, and nad witnessed our helpless efforts to escape from it. They were now deep in the flood, and hurriedly wading to our assistance, dressed as they were. Our fears and inexperience, probably, had magnified the peril, for the water did not; as yet, reach beyond the waists of our. new allies, ami in another moment they stood higli. but nor dry, l>eside us. " Who comes first ?" said the youngest of them. " There is ho lime to be lost, young ladies, for every instant increases your difficulty ; but it will soon be over, if you keep a .stout heart, and trust solely to our efforts rather than your own. Do you. Alfred, look to that lady, and I will take care of this." " And me—who'll take care of ine?" exclaimed Bessy, relapsing into terror at the idea of being left alone. " I won't stay here to be drowned, I tell ye ! I'm not lit to die !—I won't die ! Take me off on your back, or anyhow !" " Hush ! my good girl, said the young man, laughing ; you shall be saved all in good time, as well as your bettors, I promise you. All in good time, though, and each .in' her turn. Now, young lady," lie went on. addressing nie, "place your hands firmly round my neck—do not stir or falter—and you'll be safe in iwo minutes." " I thank you," said I to the-young man. " but this poor girl is frightened more than I api. Have the kindness to take her across first, if you please, and I will await your return." "So be it," he said, good-humouredl.v, " since you will have it so ; but first, Alfred, let me place this young lady so as to save her from being drencned more than can be avoided." Good Lord ! and Mary so delicate and dawny and all !" exclaimed Bessy, returning to her senses now that relief was certain, and salvation possible. " What in the wide world would the master say if he saw her now ?" " Delicate ! are you delicate ?" asked the youth, gsfzing at her. •' Hut no matter—Alfred here is taller than I am, and, will manage to ferry you aid'oss 'without wetting the sole of your shoe. Don't tremble," he added, in a softened but cheerful voice ; there is no sort of cause, I give you my honour. There, now, only be steady, and keep as quiet as a mouse." " I fear I am so—so heavy," faltered Mary, blushing deeply at her position. "You are as light as a bird, and I am as strong as a horse," replied the young man Alfred, to whose care she had fallen. " I hardly feel your weight, I assure you. Now, George, we are ready; keep in my wake and I will pilot you." Bessy already had her hands clasped tightly round George's neck, and in another second I stood anxiously watching them as they waded toward the shore. I could hear Bessy's frightened remonstrances to " Take care, and not let her drop !" but dear Mary never uttered a word, - it last, however, the shore was gained, aUd then a Ifriendiyl , contest ensued between oiu* young preservers as to which of them should return for inc. Apparently, Alfred, the taller and elder, gained the day, for it was be who again entered the water and dashed through it to my rescue. As he gained the now fast diminishing dry.spot on which I stood, he said— " You have great courage for one "so young," " You would not hove said so had you seen me when I had only my own resources to trust to," I replied. " Yes, but I think you trembled for others rather thau yourself," he rejoined 1 . " However, this ifs not. a \lnie to compliment you on your spirit, Dut to prevent you from the necessity of again evincing it I fear the increasing tide will prevent me fpoffi lfmdiiig you as dry as your friends," c j fejir nothing pow that my cousin is safes" wds my reply. " I only hope, sir, that, you and your Mend may not suffer by your generous efforts to relieve us/' " Tush ! do not mention itj" he said. " Salt water never injured anyone— unless, indeed they were surrounded by 4t as you have been. Are vou ready 7' ' ' " Quite ready, I thank you." Tenderly and cautiously, as if I were an infant, he bore me aloft in his friendly arms, gallantly stemming the increasing current, and managing, by what must have been a considerable effort, to preserve my garments nearly dry, and keep his own footing at the same time. It. was in vain I entreated him to think less or me and more of himself ; he turned a deaf ear to my prayers, a.nd persisted in his struggle until he had placed me safe by the side of my cousin. " There," he said lightly, and without the least appearance of distress, as he liberated ine, " I congratulate you on your escape as much as I congratulate my friend and myself on having been fortunate enough to contribute to it. But all is not over yet, and we must not. do iliings by halves : the clouds threaten and the wave? advance. Having already played the part of champions, you must permit us to intrude a little longer, and become your conductors as well." He offered me his arm as he spoke, as did his companion to Mary, and 11ms escorted, we made our way onccmore to our temporary home : while Bessy followed in our train, blessing her own stars, wondering at our lucky escape, praising to the skies the spirit of our protectors, and frequently and fervently hoping that themselves or their clothes wouldn't lie " spiled " by the salt water. "But you forgot your basket on the bank," said George, the younger and livelier of the two, to Bessy, laughing as lie spoke. " Weary's 011 them for cockles was her reply ; " but it's little trouble the basket, gives ine now that Miss Mary, and—and all of us is safe. If she doesn't take bad again, I don't care a pin for anything. " You have been ill, then •" said tne young man to Mary. " A little—but I am quite well again." she answered. "And how long will you remain so, miss, after such a day's work as this, I wonder 7' put in Bessy. " There's no use iu talking " " Just so, Bessy,'' I said, quietly, " Let us hope that my cousin will escape the lesser danger, as she has escaped the greater one ; and in order to give her a better chance of doing so, now that we are near home, it will he well of you to go on before us as quickly as you can, and " " Get water for her feet, and a bowl of -warm tay to welcome her—to lv> sure I will with all my veins ! You think of everything. Miss Eveleen. I only wonder you forgot that weary basket of cockles yonder." So saying, she dashed forward 'it a run, leaving us to proceed at a soberer pace, which Mary's increasing and evident weakness obliged us to do. Meanwhile the conduct and demeanour or our young attendants were just what they ought to have been—courteous and kindly, JffTHIiSut.being in the least intrusive, ind^m^P^i watchful over themselvefe^r'the^roere for us. anxious £J&ut; Jp/Hir eouJjUi ?" said my conductor;ae WG^Spproac-hed the door of our lodgings.: : " She hflftfceen Tiipveliv? '1 answered, " but has almost ftjeiwefe^ both her strength atftfV,spirits sitifce we liava been here. / "You do nor~i<^Jklp/here permanent ly then ?" " No we have been staying here lor -the benefit of my cousin's health : our usual residence Is at Rrabazon"^Hall." " Mr. Barrlngton's ?" ^ " Yes ; you know my uncle 7' '• No—not. personally," he answered, with a slight hesitation of manner; " but it so chanced that. I heard his name and house spoken of since— since I have been in Ireland. And now be good enough to spy if there be anything more we can do for you," he added, as we stopped at our own door.' "Your cousin may, perhaps, require the visit of a physician," and as comitrp doctors are not always easily found, if you commission me I shall be happy to seek one." " Not to-night, thank you," I replied ; "she is fatigued and a little frightened, but I trust a night's rest will restore her." " And you ?—you do not think of yourself ?" " It is needless ; I suffer nothing." " But you may do so." " I hope not," I said, smilingly; "and, at all events, sufficient for the day is the evil thereof. In the meantime I hope you will hasten homo and adopt some of the precautions which you recommend to us." "Oh, yes : a dry suit i.s soon do 11 tied, and a hot supper easily eateu." he answered. "Our adventure will live George and me—we our cousins, 100— an excuse for a second glass of sherry negus, in order to discuss It properly. Come, George, let us say farewell for the present, in the hope that we may be permitted to-morrow to enquire after the health of those whom we n;ive been privileged to assist, to-day." George had been, on his part, engaged in conversation with Mary, and now at. the summons of his cousin he quitted her; although more than once lie turned to take another look at her exquisite and fairy-like loveliness, and to suggest some additional precaution against the possible consequences that might result from her exposure and affright. Yet there was nothing obtrusive or offensive in his warmth : his manner was ardenr, but it was the natural ardour of youth, tempered by that perfect good breeding which never forgets the feelings of others whilst indulging his own. His cousin's manner was rather a contrast to this ; it was marked by equal consideration, but. more of quietude and repose. This might be either the effect of temperament or pride : but, at all events, it was -essentially different from that of lis friend, and a.s such 1 remarked At length, however, cur fart ells were said, and I was allowed (;• give my undivided attention to my tender and delicate charge, who smiled at my anxiety, although sue quietly submitted to all I wished to do for her. " You are too anxious about me, dear Eveleen,"' she said, kissing nie fondly with a lip that, felt like softest velvet to the touch ; " I am not worth all the trouble I give you, although one little hour ago I thought I should never give you trouble more." " True, Mary, I answered ; " and I. shall not soon forget wnat a. perfect heroine you showed yourself." " Did I ? Oh, you jest. I was very much frightened, Eveleen—a great deal more than you were ; only I thought that, as I was young, and had not lived long enough to commit much sin, God, in His goodness, might have seen lit that, for my soul's sake, it was better I should die than live." " You are not sorry, however, to be saved from so sudden and horrible a death ?" " Sorry! Oh, no," she replied, simply; " the world Is very bright, and has a. great many charms for me; and then, are not you near me, cousin, to make it brighter and more pleasant every day I live ?" " Well, and what do you think of our preservers, Mary ?"' " I have not had quite time enough to think much of them yet," she said, with a. modest blush ; " but I—I will remember them in my prayers." " And in your dreams, too, I suppose. Mary ?" I added. " Perhaps so, Eveleen," she answered, innocently ; " if 1' dream at all. I daresay they will be there." " Both ?" " Yes—I think so." " But meanwhile," I said, " before we come to our dreams. let us discuss them a little. In the first place, they are gentlemen, I think." (To be continued.) An extraordinary Incident occurred in Graiguenamauagh a few days ago (says the Dublin correspondent of the "Tablet") in connection with the interment of a woman named Murphy, who died In hospital in Kilkenny. There was a -large attendance, and the Interment took place in due course, but to the amazement of all a hearse arriyed from Kilkenny next morning with the corpse of the. person which, was supposed to have, been interred the previous day. The fact was that a most clumsy mistake occurred In the Kilkenny Workhouse Hospital, whereby only an empty eoffln was sent to Graiguenamanagh to toe" interred. On the mistake being .discovered, the empty coffin was disinterred and that containing the corpse buried, in its place. It yon want a firstalasa eoit of clothes at a rearonable price—fit and durability combined—eall on P. J. O'Cohnob, next the Richmond Town Hall. A finp«Mortmentof woollens to ieleot from. Fl|nd<sw-st«(fl te«ni f*ai ti» door, ' A - - - 