"LOYE MADE MANIFEST. "By GUY BOOTHBY. [•AufihQr..'or ."On the Wallaby," "In .Strange "Compam-," "The Marriage of -Esther;"" "A" Lost Endeavor," "Bid for Fortune," "Dr. Nikola," "The Beautiful . White Devil," "She'ilali McLeod," "The Fascination of the King.") [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] INTRODUCTION. It was the Island of Upolu, in the Sa inoan Group, and a breathless morning. The sun was almost at its meridian, the palms that lined the beach were as motion jess as trees cut out of cardboard, and the lagoon dazzling ; as a dish of quicksilver set in sand. The only signs of life /were tee tumbling serf upon the outer reef and a white boy lying: upon his stomach on the edge of a grov.e of nil 1 oranges and cocoa nut palms a hundred yards above high water mark, with his eyes glued to the nages of a book. There was not a human habitation of any sort in the whole land scape, though a native village existed round ..tne corner of one headland, and the Euro: pean settlement of Apia -was in .the flood tide of life and trade behind the' other. Thar, the youth was absorbed ih; his book admitted of no doubt, for he lay as still its a sleeping turtle, oblivious to everything around Lim, though all the time the sun was driving off the shade and climbing higher and higher, and the surf was rumbl ing like thunder upon the reef on the other side of the lagoon. "Yet some men say in many parts of England." he read, "that King Arthur is not dead, but is had by will of our Lord Jesu in another place. And men say that lie shall come again and he shall win the Holy Cross. I will not say it shall be so, but rather I will say that here in this world he changed his life. But many men say that there is written upon his tomb this verse:— Hie jacet Arthurus Eex Quondam Itcx quo Furturus. At: this point he reverently closed; his ' copy of Sir Thomas Afillory's immortal . poem and looked about him. It was a curious old book, that by some strange ihance boasted a Balliol label inside- its ' ;overlid, and' was coated and begrimed with- the filth and dust of. 15 chee-.! ; quered years in the Pacific. In the wild] orange hushes on . his right two green and yellow "jaos" were searching for. honey, and at the same time chattering. noisily; • among the pink blossom of a group of fuaruas to the left,! half a dozen Senga parrakeets, feathered in all colors of. the1 rainbow, uttered their extraordinary cries, while through breaks in the foliage over head glimpses of the blue sky could be. ob tained^ showing-a flock of white birds soaring up and up into what seemed the very eye of heaven itself. It .was one of those days when it would appear impos sible to work; and for this reason, per haps,, very few, save natives, were abroad,! and even they, accustomed to the warmth as they were, preferred to lie in the shade, exchanging reminiscences, and absorbing the heat, rather than run the risk of in juring their constitutions by any violent exertion. He was a strange boy, this ill-clad, ill kept Claude de Carnyon; perhaps as ex traordinary ' a specimen of the genus as could have been found in the whole length and breadth of the Pacific. What his right to his high-sounding patronymic may have beeh is more than I can say. It is sufficient, however, for the purposes of this history, that his father was a disso lute old beachcomber, who had arrived in the Samoan group early in i-he seventies. Among other things, he claimed to have once been an English University man ; but he was now, a complete wreck, and lived with a Samoan wife in a native vil lage a mile or two outside Apia. What ever other faults he may have liad, neglect of his son's education could certainly not have been included among them for a more accomplished youth of his age—he was barely fifteen—could not have been found on the island or, for the matter of that, in the whole Southern Hemisphere. Indeed, this teaching of Jiis son was the brilliant old ruffian's one remaining amuse ment; and the lad had proved himself eager to make the'most of it. In mathe matics, it must be confessed, he was by no means reliable, but in Latin and Greek he could have easily held his own with manv older men upon whose education thousands had been expended. The sonor ous ancient poets were as familiar to him as the quaint Samoan sage3 his dusky . stepmother was wont to croon before the hut door at sundown, while _ his acquamt , ance with the best Englikh, German, ' Spanish, and Italian literature was, if a trifle fragmentarv,at least yeara in advance of that/acquired by many students of even twice his age at our most cherished uhiver iies. In ms way, tbe_ old beachcomber was a genius; but, judging from the proofs he had so far given, his son bade fair to eclipse him. In physique the boy_ was tall and well made, his hands and his feet small and and neatly shaped. His head, from a phre nological, and indeed from any other point ■ of view, was a magnificent one, and crowned with a wealth of curly hair that in the sunshine shone like molten gold. His features were a trifle disappointing, perhaos. but on the other hand they bore unmistakable promise of improvement with age. For the present, they were re fined and in_ some respects harmonious; the eyes were k--~e and dreamy, .the fore head broad," arid the mouth somewhat small and sensitive, hut not sufficiently so to be out of'keeping with the remainder of the face. The weakest part was un ' doubtedly, the chin, which was scarcely square enough to indicate that amount of determination necessary for the formation of a really strong character. Taken alto gether. however, it was the head and face of a scholar, and one who would live by his brains rather than by his hands. As he put his Book away and dropped his chin ombis folded/arms, there was a stir in tne long grass in front of him. Next moment a beautiful little specimen of the Yehs. bird came stealthily into view search ing for insects. Seeing the boy and realising I how close he was to danger, he dropped back into the grass and disappeared with-! out a rustle in the direction he had come. For a moment Or two all was quiet; then the lad espied, making his way through the ] dry herbage, a gorgeous black and gold | beetle. His imagination, fired by thebooks| he had been reading, pictured him as a knight in black and gold armor, making his way through a dense forest in search of adventure, hue path was a difficult one and several times the course he steered led him beside cmormous chasms. In some cases they were of sufficient depth to swallow him half a dozen times over, and' in not a few they measured'at least eight1 inches from Lop to bottom. Leaving the track proper _ lie branched off to the left, aud at this juncture an episode occurred that heightened ii make-believe and brought the boy's chin down to the dust, in order that he might not lose a scrap of wl.at was going forward. On one side of tire knight's path was a high rock; to climb it was out of the question; on the other was a yawning precipice, to fall into which would mean but one fate, death. The path was scarcely wide enough for one, for two it was impossible. Yet, as the knight passed along n. an enormous spider, of the tarantula breed, climbed down the cliff and blocked his passage. Evidently, thought Claude, this.was the dragon of the Pass. The knight con sidered for a moment. To go back would be to own himself a coward, to go for ward would mean a desperate battle and possible, if not probable, destruction. The foes on meeting had come bo a standstill, and now regarded each other for upwards ol a minute. Then the blaelc knight, with out further thought, metaphorically couched his lance, stuck in his spurs, dashed forward, and before a prosaic 3Nme teenth Century could have said " Jack Robinson," had grappled with his antago nist. The demon of the pass was not be hind him in desire, ami for this reason they fought upon the narrow ledge with indomitable courage. The boy watched the combat with all his being, scarcely breathing when he saw the valiant knight overhanging the precipice, and feeling as if he must shout his joy aloud when the wicked orge was compelled to give back a pace against the mountain side. He was still watching it when he heard a rustling in the bushes on the bam? >ove him, and looking up, saw the face of a young girl smiling down at. him. "Loie," he cried in surprise, "1 didn't hear you coming." Then, as if by attend ing to her be might lose some retail of the battle going on before him, he said, "Come down here and look at tins light. It's worth seeing, I can tell you." The girl parted the bushes and did as she was told. She was a pretty little crea ture, in white attire, with a wealth of silken hair hanging down her back and a broad-brimmed straw hat stucK coquet tishly on the hack of her head. "1 wonder what mischief you are up to now?" she said, as she threw herself down on the sand beside the boy and brought her face to a corresponding level. "N-o mischief," he answered quickly; "But look here. Do you see that knight in there? He's a brave fellow, I can tell you. I call him Sir Lancelot, because of his black and gold armor. When first I saw him he was riding his brave destrier through that forest in search of adventure, but had so far met with none. When, how ever, lie reached this pass the Ogre of the Mountain dashed from his hiding-placeand blocked his way. He would not yield, of coarse, and now they are fighting for the path." Side by side, head pressed against head, the boy and girl watched the eombat. It was not, however, long before it was de cided. The -wicked ogre, employing some magic spell for which the other had no charm, wrapped his arms about the valiant knight, and putting forth an effort hurled him from the path into the abyss. "Farewell, Sir Lancelot," cried the boy, in perfect seriousness, as the beetle dis appeared into the depths. "You fought a good fight, but the spells of Merlin have proved too strong for you." Rolling over on to his back he lay there for a moment staring up at the motion less palm fronds above his nead. His companion did the . same, and then they sat up and looked at eath other and laughed. The girl's laugh was something to hear and remember; it was as unlike the ordinary expression of happiness or amusement as the boy's character was dis similar to those of the youths in the town ship round the corner. It seemed to con tain the whole essence of raillery—with the smallest modicum of mirth', and yet .while one felt bound to participate in it there was the feeling that it was not alto gether a sincere expression of its author's feelings'. 'J • She-was, as I have .said, a beautiful child; she boasted a fine oval face, large expressive' eyes, a tiny rosebud mouth, small 'teeth, even and white as pearls, and last, but not least, a complexion so per fect that 'it seemed impossible that it could have been subjected to the attacks of fourteen consecutive Pacific rummers. She was the daughter and only child of a whisky- drinking coffee planter, of Irish ex traction and good family, who lived on the other side of Apia, and she had been the boy's constant companion ever since be could remember. To-day he discovered that she was better dressed .-an he had ever seen her before. She wore, as I have said, a white dress, a large hat trimmed with lace, shoes, which were quite unusual additions to her attire, and stockings of superfine. texture and newness. He could 'hot understand-it; she saw his bewilder ment, and as she did she threw back 'her head and laughed again. That laugh de cided hint -I •"You were always vain, Loie," he said -with.the.agreeable candor of 3-outh, "and now that you've managed by some means or other to; get some fine clothes you've come-to show-them off and try to make me jgalous. But you can't; I'll have ouite as good some day if, not better; for all my jacket's so threadbare now." He scrutinised his ragged ..top garment with ah exacting eye, tried to remove-a portion of its dirt by brushing .it-with,his fingers, and finally, seeing that, it was quite impossible to better it, threw himself down again on the sand and took stock of his companion: She laughed a little defiantly at his outburst of passion, eheckedherself as suddenly, and, changing her tone, said with a petulance that sat very prettily upon her— "If I'd -thought that you wanted to quar rel with me on the day that I'm going away Claude, I shouldn't have come. You may never see me again, vou know." ■ Lais overture did not produce the effect she intended. He only said scornfully— "You're always talking about going away but you never go." "Well, we're going this time, sure as gospel," she said. "My uncle in Ireland, the one, .vou know, who drank O'Hara's whisky and fought the ghost, is dead; and now my fathers rich, and, what's more, I'm a lady—Lady Loie Fanchester—and he's the Earl of Kilgovan. I shall go to Court and kiss the Queen's hand, and wear the most beautiful dresses in .all the world, and never have a thing at all to do but ride in carriages an denjoy myself from morning till night. There, what do you think of that?" For a moment the boy was tpo dazed by the brilliant prospect conjured up by her words to reply. He only wriggled his shapely brown toes into the sand and stared at her. "I don't believe a word of it," he said at last, but this time with a visible effort. "You. imagine such a lot; and you always were such a little liar, Loie." She laughed and clapped her hands, not in the least angered by his candid criti "It's not a lie this time," she cried, her eyes sparkling with misehevious mirth. "It's what dad calls God's sober truth. The mail came in this morning and brought a letter for him. When he had read it he-had to have three drinks be fore he could understand it. Then he sent me off to the store and told me I could buy whatever I liked; so I bought this dress, and we're going home to England this very afternoon. Though they wanted me to stay and pack my things I ran away to tell you." By this time he had arrived at. the con clusion that there was something in what she said. The tangible evidence offered by her gorgeous appai ef, combined with her last speech, helped him to a decision. But clever as he undoubtedly was, he was not capable of grasping in an instant all that her going away would mean to him. Loie had been his friend and play-fellow, the sharer of his ambitions and dreams for as long as he could remember, and now to be told that she was going to leave him in order that, she might take her place in a sphere to which i£ would seem impossible he could ever attain, struck him as not only a great injustice but in the light of a positive personal injury. "Dad says I shall be the prettiest girl in England, as well as one of the richest," said Loie, brushing her hair back from her face.-with a gesture more expressive than any words. . "You're conceited enough no<w; you'll be worse then," asserted the other, brntally. "If you're going to be rude I shall go away at once, without saying good-bye at nil. Ho, no. This is our last day, so don't be cross, Claude." . "I'm not cross," the boy replied. "But I don't like your going away like this, Loie. Why need you go? I'm sure we're quite happy enough as we are. I've got •heaps of new stories ready to tell you, and I'll write poetry about vou as often as you i want, me to. You know you like that. You'll uot find a batliing place anywhere to equal Rippling Falls, and it's so cold and slurery in England—not warm and comfor'Srolo like this." He traced a lialf-circle in the sand with the toes of his right foot, and sniffed the smell of the dried earth aud withered palm leaves as if it were the finest perfume. ' "You don't suppose I'm never coming back here, do you?" .asked the girl in dignantly. "Why. when I'm tired of Eng land I shall travel about. Resides I must go, yon see, because my father's a peer and lias to sit in the House of Lords in his robes, with his coronet on his head, like the picture we have in the dining-room at home. I'm going to be a maid of honor and stand on the Queen's right hand." "I wouldn't give a fig for that," an swered Claude. "I'm going to be a great author and painter some day, and every body talking about me and buying my books and pictures. That's a good deal better than being a peer, or a maid of honor, I thank." "Then we will be married in Westmin ster Abbey like the princesses," said the I fbrl, "and be jhappv ever after. Remember, Claude, youv'e promised to marry me. "T've not forgotten," answered the bov, sturdily. When I'm a great author 111 he sure to come and claim you. Aud, Loie," here his voice faltered a little as he as she spoke the rich blood mantled her cheek and made her lovelier even than before. "Now I ' must be going home. They'll think I'm lost. "I" shall come down to the ship and say good-bve," said Claude. "Mind you do, and I'll be on the look out for you," she cried, and .sprang to her feet like a young fawn. Then, with another 'good-bye,' she parted the bushes and went I up the bill-side singing in a voice that was as sweet and true as any blackbird's, the chorus of'a drinking song she bad picked up from her father— Gramachreo ma cruiskeen Slalntc glad inavoumcen, Gramachrce ma coolin bawn, bawn, bavni, Oh, Gramachrce ina ccrolin bawn. After she bad gone the boy sat for some time completely absorbed in thought. His world seemed suddenly to have fallen about his ears. Enthusiastically as he had spoken to her of their island home, lie was not so bound up in it as to be without some ambition to make the acquaintance of the .great world, and now that r/oie was leaving it its beauties seemed to crumble before his eyes, and it became drearier than any desert.. Over and over again, kind-hearted captains of trading vessels had .offered him trips among the islands, and onee he had been tempted to venture as far as San Francisco. But on each oc casion, though he had pleaded hard, his father, who, in addition to being as poor as a church mouse, and disreputable as an .average travelling tinker, was as proud as 'Lucifer, bad forbidden him to take advan tage of sucii kindnes Perhaps because he had never known a better, the home in the native hut was uot as distasteful as it would otherwise have been . Nevertheless, in his own way, lie had derived a notion that his father was looked down upon, that in spite of ins brilliant' education and boasted breed ing, lie was not on a par with the Consuls, the captains of the trading schooners, or the principal - storekeepers. He was not by any manner .of means an affectionate son, nor had he the least reverence for the gin-drinking,. debased old ruffian who called himself his father, and who lay from morning to night on his mat at the door of the liiit spouting Latin and Greek and trying to induce anyone who would listen to him to believe that onee upon a time he really had been what he pre tended, an Oxford don. If Loie was going away, why should he not go too. His father would scarcely miss him. He would probably swear very fluently for some minutes, and, when that was safely through, would beat his Samoan wife, quote some lines from an obscene Latin poet, more or les to thepoint, and then order more gin, and forget altogether his rebellious off spring. The very thought of such an adveuturous undertaking was almost too much for him. But if he did run away the principal ques tion to be decided was where to go. Then he remembered that old Captain Bowler, whose schooner, The Morning Glory, plied between Samoa and Sydney, was in harbor, and was due to sail that very day. If he had not already gone, and he could only persuade hiai to take him with him in any capacity, it did not mater what, then his flight would lie arranged for him, and he would have started on the ambitious career lie had marked out for himself. Once in Australia he could either, remain in one of the big cities, cr work his way to England, as ne pleased. He resolved to see Captain Bowler without delay. As he rose to his feet a young Samoan : of good birth, hailing from his own village, passed along the beam, and accosted him. "Talofa!" cried me new-comer, halting alongside the grove. "Talofa alii!" returned the boy, po litely. Then gathering from the expression on the other's face that something unplea sant was toward, he questioned him. As a result he learned that his father had been searching for him in all directions in order that he might send him into the township for gin; and not being able to discover him he was promising him the finest thrashing he could imagine when he should come to hand. This seemed a good way out of the difficulty, and so, bidding his friend "fare well," he" set off towards Apia on his father's errand. By the time he reached the grog slianty from which he was accustomed to obtain the spirit it was well past mid day; and at four o'clock the mail boat, with Loie on board would sail. The bar was crowded, but it was not long before he discovered the man he was looking-for, seated in a corner with abottle of.lager, beer before him. He was a big burly fellow with a kindly face, blue eyes, and .a beard that reached almost to liis belt. He greeted tue hoy with a friendly nod, and, e'iepnantine facetiousness being the order of the . day, enquired how his new book was selling, and when he inten ded to sail with him. "Tojday, if you will- take me," replied the youngster quickly. "I'll go aboard this afternoon." The skipper laughed good-humoredly. It was a joke tthat lost nothing, by a pre tence of seriousness. "'inat's the sort of talk," ihe said. "Mind you get your traps aboard to- night, for' we sail at. daybreak." "I won't forget," said the boy, and, hav ing achieved his purpose, he bade his friend "Good-bye" and with flushed cheeks and sparkling eyes, and a bottle of gin under eadh arm, left the hotel and made his way home to the village, where his father resided. % When he reached- it he found 'his parent stretched out on a mat before iae door, attired in an old suit of pya-mas, and in an execrable temper. He cursed 'his son fluently in three laniruages for a few minutes, and then turned his attention to the liquor. With the lirst sentence of an ode to Bacchus ringing in his ears the boy went round to the -back to obtain some food from bis Samoan stepmother. While eating it he sat oil the trunk of a fallen tree and reviewed his position. The skip per of the The Morning Glory had laughingly offered him a chance to leave the island; he had taken him at his word and intended to stow himself away on board -overnight. When they were safely out of sight of land he would make his ap pearance and claim the hospitality which had been offered to him.. He felt compelled to adopt this course, for he knew very well if he were to go on board openly the shipper, in spite of his invitation, would not think twice about putting him ashore again. The mail boat that was to convey Loie from Samoa was advertised to sail at 4 o'clock, and at half-past 3'Claude was on the beach endeavoring to persuade some natives of . his acquaintance to row him out to her. If the morning had been hot the after noon was even more so. The surface of the lagoon gleamed like molten silver, and when he came alongside the vessel her plates were so hot that he could scarcely touch them. However, he clambered aboard and found Loie, true to her pro mise, on the outlook for him, tricked out in all her finery. Her father was in the smoking-room on the hurricane deck, sur rounded by the principal inhabitants of the beach, treating all present to cham pagne, and commenting enthusiastically on the change of fortune which had come to liim. Now that the actual moment of parting from his old play-fellow had arrived an overwhelming desire to express his real feelings took possession of the boy. An unaccustomed nervousness, however, was upon him, and try how he would to make it his tongue Would not utter the words that. were in.his heart. And every moment j the time permitted him was growing shorter. Already the passengers were say- j ing their last "good-byes," the shore boats were pushing- off from the ship's side, and the chief olheei bad gone forward to the fo'e'sle head to see about getting the anchor aboard. Li despair Claude turned to the girl beside him. "Loie," he whispered. "You are sure you will not forget?" "Forget what?." asked the girl with un usual humility. "That when I become a great author you are to many me?" replied the boy. "No ; I will no-t forget," answered Loie; I "but, oh, Claude, don't be' long. I can't wait- long." v "1 won t be long," the lad answered con fidently. ' I have made one step towards it." ' "What do you mean?" "Why that"—here be bent his head down and J whispered in her ear—" that when you are gone I cannot live in Upolu. Loie, I am going to run away." However!serious the situation may have been she only clapped her little hands and laughed, { . ' "Hoing to run away from Apia, Claude? Why, what a funny boy you are, to be sure. Where will you go to? And what will your father say?" This was not the sort of reception lie had hoped'; his news would , receive, and she saw that he was hurt by her ridicule. Witli quick womanly tact she turned to a side issue. "If you are going to run away, you must come to England, and then we may be friends again. Oh. that will be nice." "Friends! Eoie, he said with agravity beyond his years. "We are going to be more than that. I shall come home and make my name, and then we're going to be married* and live happily for ever." As he spoke he shivered, though he could not have tbld why. "I feel cold." she said, almost at the same moment; "and yet its such a hot day." V ' At the same instant the whistle sounded for shore folk to leave the ship. Claude leant forward and placed his arm round her waist, and for the first time in his life his lips touched her cheek. "Good bye, Loie," he whispered, "darl ing Loie, good-bve." • . ■ ■ .. "Good-bye," she faltered, with drooping eyes. Then, as an after thought had struck lidr, she added, "Remember, Claude, we're to be married, and you're never to iove anyone else in the whole world. "I will never love anyone but you, Loie," he said, and clambering over the side, dropped into the boat which his native friends had kept w *mg for him. Half-an hour later the steamer was a tiny speck on the horizon, and Loie hau gone out into tae great world into which he was so soon to follow her. A few hours later he had collected his greatest treasures and his meagre ward robe, and was on board Captain Bowler's schooner, The Morning Glorv, stowed away in a Safe hiding-place. His presence on board yvas not discovered until the vessel had been nearly twelve hours, at sea. Then! lie made bis appearance on deck and claimed the hospitality the skip per had so effusively offered him the pre vious day. !A stot.my five minutes was the result, hut as it was quite impossible to put him ashore, and Captain Bowler* was forced to remember that he had been the first to proffer the invitation, the best had to be made of a bad bargain, and the hoy was accordingly carried on to Sydney. On arriving there he left the vessel and found himself standing on Circular Quay, with the hum of the city in his ears and not a friend in the place, with the great ocean-going! boats about him and only five sliilfings m>his pocket, he began to realise thai his acquaintance with the outer world had indeed commenced. (To be continued.) 