SOLDIERS OP THE PEX. Tuesday, J une 7. Dear Soldiers—You will be gratified to observe that 1 have received another letter from my Indian soldier, which 1 think worthy of special prominence. It contains, as you will see, a vivid description of a battle at iirst hand, and your regret will be the same as mine, that the account is not longer. 1, Parvatti Villa3, Poona, Deecau, India, May 13. Dear General—Since writing last I have had the pleasure of meeting in person mv frontier correspondent, and hearing from his own lips a thrilling detailed aud vivid account of the frontier wars. To depict some of the scenes described by him would be im possible. Those gifted with imaginative Dowers and creative faculties may be able to conjure up for themselves some such scene, but to fully comprehend and to clearly under stand the real power of the thing you must be present, and a participator in it all. Lying all round were huge, massive, cold, steely rocks, between which ran narrow passes, choked with thorny brushwood and loose stones, and through these passes our troops had to wind their toilsome way, till an open space in the centre in which an enclosure of rough stones, called zereba, was reached, where the chief battle took place. The Afridis and other tribes having the advantage of position and knowledge of the locality (to whom I suppose every tree, stone, and rock was familiar, who could possibly track their way blind folded through every winding, narrow path, for miles around) soon showed that they meant to retain their hold of the defence. My in formant, speaking of the lighting, said the curious weapons and mode of using them by the Afridis were exceedingly funny, though in some cases exceedingly sad in the results, which were disastrous to our wounded. Some of the guns used must necessarily have been of a very aneieut make, for the tremendous noise made in firing was truly alarming. The Afridis besides being daring, fearless, fana tical fighters are wily to the extreme ; placing their turbans (head dresses) in con spicuous places on the rocks to be fired at by our deluded soldiers, while they themselves would crouch behind shielding boulders close by and take fatal aim at the unsuspecting men below. In this wav quite a number of our men were lost. Mentioning the Gordon Highlanders, 1 said— "Did vou"meet or see FiudlaterV" the piper of renown. "No," he said, "we passed them on the road ; they arrived too lace." One of the saddest features of the whole war was, I think, the necessity of having to sacrifice our wounded to the diabolical revenge of our enemies, wtio, for the time being, were not men, but transformed into merciless, heartless fiends. We were told of one young fellow who was shot through the leg and fell, his comrades, by commanding orders, taking away his ammunition and arms (for it would never do to leave a wounded man alone with English weapons of warfare to be purloined by the enemy and used against the original owners—it would be fighting the English with their own weapons), helped him up, but a sudden rushing skirmish ensuing he was unable to follow, sunk upon the ground, and was parted from his company. A few yards away stood his brave companions fight ing for dear life, for honor, and their country. With a desperate struggle he made a frantic effort to reach them, but being unable to walk he painfully crawled along, inch by inch, over the hard rocky ground stained with his life-blood. One of his stanch comrades, seeing his awful peril, stepped out to help him on his way; but beyond the enemy were ad vancing. * The commanding officer, seeing the movement on the part of the soldier towards his wounded comrade, and knowing the extreme need of order and discipline in the ranks, turning to him, said, "Do not attempt to move ; rescue is hopeless. I will shoot you if you leave the position." The words had scarcely been uttered when, with a mad dis tracting rush, their war cry " Deen ! deen !" waking the hills with their sullen echo, the enemy were on them pell-mell, fighting with "the ferocity of tigers, using knives, swords, old guns and sabres of various kinds ; like boisterous waves on a stormy sea they swayed backwards and forwards, till with the force and violence of the attack our soldiers were carried farther and farther away from the noor young wounded soldier, who was left to his fate. With breaking heart he saw his only hope of safety drifting away. In anguish he lay watching them. The enemies, repulsed, turned, and seeing one of the hated white men lying in their path vented their horrible spite and private vengeance on him by simply cutting him to pieces. Poor young lad ; but why poor, be died with the halo of glory around him, with A firm will, and a deep sense Which even in torture can descry Its own concenter'd recompense; Triumphant where it does defy, And making death a victory. Such triumph as theirs, which the Afridis must have felt after this horrible deed, was short-lived, however, for taking into con sideration what » they , had done, taking deadly aim, our soldiers, though some dis tance away, had the satisfaction of knowing that not one of those wretched creatures who had a hand in that murder escaped ; to a man they were shot down.- Time and space fails me, dear general, so I must conclude. In my next letter I hope to send you some of the most mterestnusr paragraphs I have read. -I am, a loyal Soldier o£ the Pen, Bukdett F. Nonius. NOTES ON A TRIP TO EUROPE.—No. XXIX. When I was about to start for the Continent— the "Gay Coutiuong,"as it is familiarly called —mvspirits were high with expectation of what lay before me. I thought I would have to go alone, but just before making my arrangements I received an invitation to accompany my friend John and his father, who intended taking a trip, combining business with plea sure. Needless to say I jumped at the invita tion, and looked forward to a good time with my old friend in sightseeing in countries that were quite different from anything we had already seen. After one or two false starts through being unable to fix up matters, at last I ' found myself ■ on the morn ing of August 13 with my two friends in a "four-wheeler," with luggage stacked on top and passport in pocket, on the way to the Holborn Viaduct station, belonging to the Lon don, Chatham, and Dover railway. The train left at half-past 9 o'clock, and after a journey, lasting two and a half hour,-, we alighted on the pier, where, amid some confusion, we went on board one of the Belgian Government steamers plying to and from Ostend. It does not take long for passengers to change from train to steamer. While they were coming on board I watched the luggage being shot on to tho deck. There are two large slides, and down these are sent the bag gage, one bag smashing into another as they go sliding down, a heavy one invariably catching a lighter and slower one before it reached its destination, and thus giving the owner of the light parcel, if he happened to be looking on, a .shock, especially if it re presented anything of value. I was in a posi tion to smile at the way the luggage of other people was handled because I carried my bags on board myself. Although it may seem rather selfish on my part to view with little concern the rough treatment of others' belongings, it was really amusing to see hat-boxes, bedroom baths, large and small trunks, bags and parcels coming down these shoots helter-skelter in the manner described, and afterwards to be put aside, with the label—'"This side up with care" —facing downward. We move slowly from the pier and I stand gazing at the departing shore. As we get further away the white cliffs of Dover stand prominently out. When the shore of old England is left behind I started inspecting the steamer and its passengers. Tho people who travel by these steamers are numerous and varied. There are the newly-mar ried couple ou their honeymoon, the old lady with her dog and servant on her way south to escape the English winter; the business man and the tourist, the most conspicuous among the latter class being the Americans. Yon cannot tail to recognise them both by their appearance and speech. What was all hustle and confusion a few minutes ago caused by the passengers arranging themselves for the voyage soon settled down, most taking up positions in comfortable corners in their overwraps ; some to read, others, more especially the ladies, awaiting, as one would imagine, the announcement of their doom. The steamer travels at a tremendous rate, cut ting the water as with a knife and sending the spray up a good height. 1 lingered awhile watching the bow parting the waves as it forced its way through them. When well away from the coast motion is perceptible. This causes discomfort to many souls, but moro par ticularly to many stomachs. Although I had spent nearly two mouths on the sea travelling from Australia I must say I did not feel very safe, as I had always heard of the terribly rough passage the crossing of the Channel in volves. Imagination goes a long way with some people, and this I think has a lot to do with the illness of many. Although I did not feel A11 was far from making an exhibition of myself, as many another did. In little more than three hours we had gone a distance of 90 miles. The welcome words to many a seasick mortal of "Land ahead" brought me from watching the antics of some small children—who, by the way, never seem to get sick—to gaze 011 the shores of this foreign land. The land seemed low- lying and far from inviting. At last we drew up at the pier at Ostend, and I cannot say 1 was at ail sorry to leave the steamer, although this did not mean leaving its neighborhood, as my friends had to wait for their luggage, which came to hand after- a good deal of searching. When we had run the gauntlet of the Customs officers wo proceeded to where the hotel buses were waiting to take any who intended making the hotels they represented their homos for the time being. Seeing one bearing the name of Hotel Splendid, we de cided to make the house it represented our home while here. The high-souudiug name attracted our fancy. A house which deserved such a description must be a good one and so we decided on it, and I am glad to say the place justified the name, for it was indeed a splendid hotel. We enter by the back way, driving up to the entrance through a garden, the hotel surround ing it on three sides. The back of this hotel is better tiian the front of the majority ot .Eng lish ones, and the pieturesqueness of the whole, produced by the contrast of the spotlessly white walls with the color provided by tiie garden of beautiful flowers, was most note worthy. We are met by the proprietor, who informs us that he only has one room that will accommodate two. and so my friend and I take it, while his father goes to the hotel next door. There is a line of hotels along the whole of the seawall. We get into a lift and are sent up to the fifth floor, where we are met by a French maid, who conducts us to our room, which fortunately overlooked the esplan ade. The hist thing 1 did was to gaze at the animated scene below and inspect the room, which was altogether different from anything English, the beds being high and massively built. Having arranged our toilet, we proceed to the lilt and look about for the button of the bell so as to have the lift brought up to us, but we are informed that the lift is only used for taking people up, so we had to walk down. Reaching the ground floor we go to the main front, and then we see why it is we enter by the back door, the front is solely used by .pedestrians and cyclists. The promenade itself is well paved, but the same cannot be said of the other streets in the town. The three of us went for a stroll, going up the promenade, which presented a gay appearance with its numerous habitues, chiefly beautiful women in most striking dresses, no doubt the latest fashion." The women, by the way, are slim, noticeably more so than English women. Bathing at Ostenu Ostend consists chiefly of hotels and board ing-houses. For the most part they face the sea aud help to make up a fine street of ele gant and attractive buildings, in the midst of which stands tho Kursaal. Just in front of where we were standing were hundreds of bathing machines. There is mixed bathing, and next morning my friend John, for the sake of experience, decided to join the merry bathers. When he returned he related his experiences. The following descrip tion is not really his, but he endorses every word of it:—"The bathing, which is carried on in defiance of the affectations of Mrs. Grundy—that is to say, without the separation of the sexes, but decently and decorously withal. There are somewhere about 400 bath ing machines, andbetweenllandl2inthemorn iug 200 or 300 persons may be seen disporting themselves after the manner of their nationality. The Englishman jumps out of his machine, strides impatiently through the shallows, and takes the earliest opportunity for a plunge. The Frenchman or Belgian trips down the steps, advances waist deep, and then bobs up and down like a cork, careful, above all things, not to wet his head. If he is accompanied by his wife or his sister or his cousin or his aunt, he takes her by the hand and reverently guards her from drowning in 9 in. of water. If the party is a family one the fun grows fast and furious. In numbers there is confidence. They join hands, form a ring, and dance about like children, playing ' Here we go round the mul berry bush.' This general recklessness of the dangers of the deep has induced the authori ties to provide a boat, two sailors, and a fog horn for life- saving purposes. If anybody ven tures beyond IS in. of water the foghorn is blown ; if he disregard the warning and wade in another G in. the foghorn gives two terrific blasts, and if he, greatly daring, starts to swim in 3 ft. of water—as a bold Britisher will sometimes do—the boats start in pursuit, the sailors gesticulate wildly, blow the horn madly, and coming up with their quarry rescue him from getting his head wet. The men in the boat are covered with medals earned by these heroic exploits. The Belgian authorities con sider swimming a dangerous habit, which ought to be suppressed, and they give a medal for every life saved from swimming. Since Britishers have taken to bathing at Ostend the number of medals has grown so large that a sailor acquires more in a month than he can carry." DISPATCH BAG. Minlaton, May SO. Dear General—Will you please enrol me" as a Soldier of the Pen. The following is an extract:— Patrick and Michael went out hunting one rainy day ; it was the only day they could get off. All went well with them until, when they were several miles from home, they dis covered that neither one had brought a cartridge, and that not a shot could be lired. " Begorra," said Pat cheerfully, " what's that to do with the huntin'f Is the want of a cartridge any reason to prevent a man from huntin"/ " "None at all," said llicha.i. Bo they continued to hunt. By-and-by a rabbit started up close to Pat, aud then came to a stop, curiously watching the hunters. Pat instantly brought his gun to his shoulder. "The gossoon that ye air," exclaimed Mike. " Wud ye shcot him widout a cartridge V " The rabbit hopped away. "Whisht!" said Pat angrily, " thercyego, shpiiin' the sport with yer olatherin' tongue!" " Patrick, an' yer gun was not loaded !" " Sure, ye spalpeen ; but the rabbit would niver a' knowed it if ve'd hild ycr blather." -I am, yours truly, Teddy Kuss. -Mount Mary, May U0. Dear General—I received my enrolment card, and I like it very mucb. Here is a paragrapu I read some time agoA clergyman whilst out riding met an Irishman. "Good morrow, Denny, and where did you get that horse':" " Well, your reverence, some lime ago I went to the fair of Koss, not with this horse, but another horse. Well, sorra a one said to me, 'Did you come from the easht. or did you come from the wcshtf A..d when I left there wasn't a one to say, ' Are you going to the easht or are you going to the weshtV But as 1 was coming home i met a man riding forniust me. 'Good evening, friend,' says he. 'Good evening, friend,' says i. ' Were you at the fair of ltoss'f says he. 'Yes,' says I. ' Did you sell?' says he. ' No,' says I. ' Would you sell,' says he. ' Would you buy,' says 1. 1 Would you make a clane swop,' says he, 'horse, saddie, bridle, and all,' says he. 'Done,' says 1. So 1 got down olf my horse, and he got down off ov his horse, that's this horse, and not the other horse, and we swopped and rode away ; hut when he had got about 110 yards, he called after me.—'There isn't a man from Boss,' says he, ' but could put his linger in the eye of a man from liilnacross,' says he, -ior that horse that I swopped you,' says he, ' is blind ov an eye,' says he. Then 1 turns round and calls after him, ' there isn't a man f'om Kilnacross, save I, ' but couid put his two lingers in both the eyes ov a man from Boss,' says I, ' for that horse thnt I swopped you,' says 1, ' is blind of both eyes,' says I." I will now bring my letter to a close, and remain -Yours faithfully, iiLlZAiJKTU M. JilLADLKV. Lmcolnslield, May Dear General—I have not written £ or a ion;,' while, so I thought I would try again. We have had some nice rain since I wrote last, and the thing's look middling, and it is showering now a little, and 1 think we will have a good season after all. Can you or the Soldiers tell me why a decayed potato is like a bee hive? This is a verse I got out of the JS.C.Monthly:— This world is full of beauty, Like other worlds above, And if we do our duty It will be full ot love. —I aiu, iSkx, Annie Haisks. Wright-street, liay 'i3. Dear General—I have just been searching tor one of my best books in order to find a paragraph to send you, but I have none with me, so I am going to describe what I saw when out riding lately. The road wandered in and out along the foot of the hills, which were not green and tree-covered as we see them near Adelaide, but bare and deserted looking, throwing long wavering shadows across my path like the groping hands of some old-time giant who was paralysed and blind, rearing their great bald lops to the sky, seeming utterly isolated in their solemn melancholy, holdiug themselves for ever aloof from all that went on in the corn-covered plains and valleys below. Gradually I ascended, startling every now and then oue of our uncanny looking euros or wallabies until I was on the summit of one hill which overtopped all the others. Here X stayed a while to watch the sunset—such a sunset, 1 think, as must have smiled the world's " Good-bye" to the lost Calvert explorers and showed them a vague glimmer of the glory to which they were so near, it was but a few minutes from sunset—the sky was full of rare changing tints like an immense opal of indescribable beauty. What had a few minutes before been a great bank of the softest, fleeciest, curliest-looking white clouds was now a wondrous dazzling sea of pale gold, deepening to amber. I could not help thinking, as I watched it all, what must be the unspeakable, sur passing beauty of Him whose omnipotent will bad created it all, beside tho brightness of whose face the sun is but dim. 1 could not bear to see it go grey and dull and hopeless —looking like the haunting wraith of some cherished day dream, so I turned away towards home. The magpies gurgled and the wee songsters twittered ! a surprised greeting as I disturbed the quietness of ] their haunts, and the thousand insects buzzed and hummed as I rode along. When 1 got home all tile radiant vivid colors had faded trom tlie sky, which was now like an endless sea of big purple pausies powdered over with big golden pearls. There was but one tiny cloud to bo seen, which was wandering hopelessly among' the stars like the ghost of a great lost soul vainly seeking, lull of an infinite unrest, the ueace which imssoth undcratanumj:. —\ours truiy, MaRLO Jinx \V ALblu St. Peters, East Adelaide, May 30. Dear General—A newspaper musical critic was obliged to leave town and turned over his work tor one night to the sporting man of the staff. 'litis is how the criticism on an important concert appeared the next day :—" Time was called about S o'clock and about fifty bugles, lifes, and fiddles entered for the contest. The tiddlers won the loss and took the inside, with the chandeliers right in their eyes. The umpire, with a small stick, also acted .is starter. Just before the start he stood upon a small cheese-box, with a lunch-counter before him, and shook his stick at the entries to keep them down. The contestants first started it to ' l.andliche Hockzeit,' by Goidmark, Gp. 116. They got off nearly even, one 01 the liddlen gently leading. The man with the Preach horn tried to call them back, but they settled down to work at a slogging gait, with the big iiddle bring ing up the rear." ' At the 1;est ((carter of the course the little black whistle broke badly and went into the air, but the liddles on the left kept well together and struck up a rattling gait. At the half-way the man with the trombone showed signs of fatigue. There was a little bobtailed flute, which wrestled sadly with tile bugle at the mile, but he was windbroken and wheezed. The big fat bugle kept calling ' whoa' all the time, hut he seemed to keep up with the rest till the end of the race. They all came under the string in good order, but the judge on the cheese-box seemed to reserve his opinion. He seemed tired, and the con testants went out to find their bottie-holder and get ready for the Beethoven Handicap. It was a ' nice exhibition, but tiresome to the contestants. Ail bets are off." (From the Windsor Majazine.) " Yds," said the lying old manner in the corner of the railway carriage, " for three daj s and nights we worked at tho pumps and still the water gained on us. At last we gave up the 'opeless struggle. There wc was, sinkin', sinkin', sinkin'—expeoUu' to perish ev'ry 'arf a moment. It was a liorful time, believe me. Sudden-like we feels the wessel a-rising up through the water. She riz till her keel was 'most out o' water and we rides into port right on top o" the waves. We was saved. 'Ow it happened was— we had a cargo of yeast on board and when the water reached it it rose and rose till it fairly lifted up the ship." -I am, yours truly, Charles P. Maddeford. P.S.—Can you toll me who was the author o£ "The Letters of Junius V THE CONQUERED BANNER. Furl that banner, for 'tis weary ; Round its staff 'tis drooping dreary. Furl it; fold it; it is nest, For there's not a man to ware R And there's not a sword to save it; And there's not one left to lave it In the blood which heroes gave it. And its foes now scorn and brave it. Furl it; hide it; let it rest 1 Take that banner down ! 'tis tattered ; Broken is its staff and shattered. And the valiant hosts are scattered Over whom it floated high. Oh .' 'tis hard for us to fold it. Hard to thiuk there's none to hold it. Hurd that those who once unrolled it Now must furl it with a sigh. Furl that banner! Furl it sadly! Once ten thousand hailed it gladly, And ten thousand wildly, madly Swore it should for ever wave. Swore that foeinan's sword should never Hearts like theirs entwined dissever Till that Hag' should float for ever O'er their freedom or their grave. Furl it 1 for the hands that grasped it And the hearts that fondly clasped it Cold and dead are lying low. And that banner, it is trailing', While around it sounds the wailing Of its people and their woe. For though conquered they adore it, Love the cold dead hands that bore it, Weep for those who fell before it, Pardon those who trailed and tore it; But oh ! wildly they deplore it Now who furl and fold it so. Furl that banner! true 'tis gory, Yet 'tis wreathed around with glory; And 'twill live in song and story 1 hougli its folds are in the dust, For its fame on brightest pages, Penned by poets and by sages, Shall go sounding down the ages, Furl its folds though now we must. Furl that banner softly, slowly; Treat it gently—it is holy— For it droops above the dead ; Touch it not, unfold it never. Let it droop there, furled for ever, For its people's hopes are dead. Sent in by Alice Grant Rossian, Dominican Con vent, Goodwood. North, Slay 31. Dear General—I should like to become a " Soldier of the Pen" if my age (which is 23) is not beyond your limit. I am sensible of the good your column is doing, as it brings out and enlarges the literary tastes of our rising generation; and who knows but some of those buds formed by your cultivation may blossom into immortal flowers of genius. I am send ing you a poem which you may print if you should think it worthy of a place in your column. A PRAYER vp.O.M THE NORTH. O Lord of all the universe, Why look so coldly- down; Are we the victims of a curse Are we beneath Thy frown? On lofty- peak, on stretching plain, Year after year we sowed our grain, Then turned to heaven in prayer for rain. Alas, those prayers have been in vain. The clouds have lost the magic wand That weaves green mantles o'er our land, Our native laud, Australia. O Lord oi all the universe, List to an ardent prayer ; Bid sorrow from our homos disperse, Bid hope replace despair. Lord God, Who reigns in glory high, Who rules the earth, the sea, the sky, On suffering turn a pitying eye ; Oh, hear a plaiutive people's cry. We ask that Thy Almighty hand, Hay break the spell that binds our land, Our much-loved land, Australia. Yours truly, It. Dane. Trial Hill, Lyndoch, May 30. Boar General—The following paragraphs are out of the Weekly Bud jet and the Children's Friend:— Judge—" You admit that you entered the house of the prosecuting witness by the rear door at 2 in a morning';" Prisoner—"Yes, your honor." the Judge—"What business had you there at that time of the nightPrisoner—" I thought it was my own house." Judge—"Then why did you, when this lady approached, leap through the*window, jump into the cistern, and hide yourself?" Prisoner — "Your honor, I thought it was my wife." " As big as we are."—The teacher of an infant class asked this question :—"flow big do you think you must be to give your hearts to Jesus ? ilust you be as big as I am?" The children all seemed to think so, except one small scholar sitting in a far corner, who said nothing. At last the teacher noticed lier, and asked—" Well, Lizzie, and how big do you think you must be to give your heart to Jesus?" "Just as big as I am," answered the littie girl. ,Please enrol me in your list 01 soldiers. truly, Annie L. Mattnek. I am, dear soldiers, Yours faithfully. THE GENERAL. 