, . THE QUIET THINGS THAT ENDURE. _^_ By E. GRIFFITHS JOKES, B.A. "What I tell you In tlarltnt-sM, that speak yo in light; anti what ye hear in the -~r, that juvach ye upon the house tops.”—Matt, x., 27. Our Bord h.-.ro lays before His disciples, as part of their training for Uic apostle ship, the programme of service and ex perience which lies before them. The outlook sketched for them in this striking’ discourse is not very inviting.' but it was necessary that they should kpow exactly what was in front of them, and He told them in plain and unmistak able terms. There is a pathetic contrast between that little band of men and the great task to which they are being call ed. Viewed from the outside, they tire but a timorous and obscure company, with no special qualifications for .the proclamation of a world-wide message. Truly, the treasure is in earthen vessels. But their Master is full of encourage ment as-well as warning. They are to be bold-and steadfast, and faithful: then the message they have to' deliver will surely win its way. The whisper will some day swell into a world-wide thun der; the secret told in the darkness will become a universal and abiding posses sion. "Fear not men, therefore, for there is nothing covered that shall not be revealed, and hid. that shall not Ire known. What I tellyou in darkness, that speak ye in light: and what ye hear in the ear, that preach ye"upon the house So much for the.immediate context of these words. I wish to take the idea they embody as the seal and justification of the Christian'pulpit. It is to be the place where the message told in dark ness is to be proclaimed in the light. It is to be the voice of the neglected but potent voices of the spiritual world; the advocate of those influences, and mo tives, and truths that shape and regene rate life from the inside; which work in gioom and obscurity, -but are at the root of every fair growth, every upward movement. It is the institution through which that better part of life, which is ignored and trampled on, and scoffed at by the world, is to be vindicated and en throned. It is the witness of the eternal in the world of time; of the divine in a society where the divine is too often forgotten in the devilish; of redemption, and of heaven in the midst of sin and worldliness. There is no other human I institution which has this for its proper! function. Its work can, therefore, never be superseded, caii never grow .out of date. Bet me speak to you specially of these quiet, unobtrusive, gentle, but regal things of Jesus Christ, that begin in silence and darkness, but at last emerge into the day, and which finally :shall rule the universe. First, let us dwell a few momenta on the fact that "all great and vital forces begin their action in silence and secrecy.” In looking out on the order of nature we are struck with two classes of forces, j of .Nature are her constructive and vital j there are those of quiet and peace. The j earthquake, the storm, the thunder, the grinding and dashing.of the tide on the rocky shore, the roar of fire, the crash of the avalanche—these stand for the first. And then, for the other, we may take the silent energies of the light; the vast tension of gravitation, which keeps the stars in their courses without a sound; the leaven of life, which surges through Nature without noise. In contrasting these two kinds of force we may say broadly that the silent forces of Nature are her constructive and vital forces; the forces that proclaim them selves in loud tumults are the forces of conflict and destruction. So long as Nature is in equilibrium of movement, there is no sound to mar the perfect peace of her activity; when that equili brium is disturbed she is filled with grinding shocks and tumultuous throes till the balance is restored. Did we not know this, we might think otherwise, for what appeal to our attention mainly are the forces of disturbance. The storm startles and alarms, but the light ” falls from heaven, it broadens into day, and dies into the night without a murmur or a sigh. The flower and the oak tree grow from seed and acorn without calling attention to their expansion;' no man l et heard the voice of the spring except in a figure, though in a few weeks it changes the whole face of the earth. Con trast the vexations and intermittent noises of a great c-ity with the quiet and efiectual operations that go on in the earth in the period of her growth and fruitfulness, and you will find an instruc tive parable of the way In which God works in, peace and quietness, because He, has all his forces under perfect con trol, while man wastes half his energy because he lacks even self-control. The country is quiet; its blessed silence is only broken by song, for God is there; the town is filled with clatter and tumult because man is thc-ro. And yet, were it not for the country, the town would soon cease to be. ‘ In human lire and social life the same fact is to be observed. The great forces of progress take their - rise in the secret places, and are born unnoticed in hours of darkness. There are people who live so much in the visible and the vocal that they forget that their true life is chiefly I out of sight; The engine room of a great ■ factory is the quietest. room in the place, I though it sots ail the noisy machinery J in motion, 3nd the spring's of human con- i duct arc.mainly out of sight and hearing, not only of others, but ever of ourselves. You can give only a part of your reasons for anything that you do; the rest can only he guessed at even by your own closest act of scrutiny. Philosophers are giving more aiui more ream in their i systems for the great anta of sub-eon j sciousness that underlies the conscious life of man. and the profoundest students of. human nature are those who make most allowance for this. Influences from outside, and from above, sink silently like Reeds into the soil of character; pre sently they bring foish blade and leaf, and we see them in their results; but In their working they often give no sign. I.n the rush and bustle of life we forget or do not know tills; it is only in the hour when wo retire to think and meditate and pray that it becomes dimly known to us. It is a salutary moment for every man when he has faced, and learnt this lesson effectually. He will Tie stirred to watch himself with a more 'apprehensive eye, and to pray with greater fervor, when ho has realised that there is so much going on in his heart at which he ciin only dimly guess; and he will say more devoutly than lie could have done before, "Who can discern his errors? Clrniisc Thou me from secret faults." ... u ’’ • ,y Hut let us i'oep to our conscious life, and we have but to consider a moment to realise that the silent, modest, gentle forces of life are the most potent. In every man’.- life Ike: .► :s the outward part which lie passes In the hustle and rush of business, in which he. gives utterance to his surface thoughts and plans. Hut to get at the motive forces of his eaifirer we must go within, wo must get at emo tions and impulses, influences and de sires, that possibly he never hints at in his conversation with others, and does not always formulate even to himself. Know these and you have tlie-key to his character and history; ignore tlvem and you are outside the possibility of ae ouaintanco with the real man. Take a wider sweep into national life. We hoar in the newspapers of the shock or parties, the swaying to and fro of opinions, ihc wrestling of contending po liticians. for place and power; and we .might think that political life is.like, a vast cauldron or eels, c-ach frying to get, its head above its fellows. ' IVe read of | murders and crimes^ of lawsuits and j trials, of disturbances and catastrophes, | of wars and massacres. And out of I these contemporary, records presently: wise men''will weave what is called a! history of the time. History? The real history of any people can never be written in th‘.B way. History is the re cord work, not of destruction; of pro-; gress, not of that which hinders and re tards it: and the root of- great move ments lies not in the kind of stuff that fills our newspapers, but in the unre corded part of life, in peaceful industries, in happy social relations, in heme affec tions , in the growth of knowledge, and and art, and morals and religious faith. It is these that go to the making of any nation; but they are facts so subtle, and so even in their development, that they can be measured only at long intervals by the happy ripening of their results. Pet me now go on to say that religion is the gathering together into form and substance and power of all these quiet and divine forces that make for true life, with a view of giving them "their right ful place in our thoughts and affections." Jesus came to reveal, vindicate, and en throne these great and neglected facts. Men forget Ood, in whom they live and move and have their being. Jesus came and spoke sweet and unforgotable things to His little company of God and life and immortality, and sent, them forth into the tvbrld=to'*Fnalt’e~H'is -"mi-S? sage known. Men forget righteousness and pcac-s and joy In the Holy Ghost. He came and discoursed gracious par ables about these gentle ministries and truths. Mon forget pity and kindness, unselfishness and compassion in the pas sion of wild excitements and grinding; competitions. He came and unfolded : the rich possibilities hidden In simple ; emotions, simple aims, simple but. sub- j iime heroisms. Men forge-t about re formation and forgiveness and renewal in their frequent failures, and in their too ready despair at their failure. He came to show forth the star of hope that hangs in the murkiest sky, and the glim mer of dawn which hovers on the edge of the blackest night. He spoke His message softly, and His voice was not raised in the streets; on the hillside, way- : side, lakeside. He gathered and wove the meshes of those blessed parables which ars as baskets of silver for apple;, of gold. And then He sent forth His disciples to give utterance and emphasis to these quiet truths that lie at the roots of life, human and divine; to speak in the light what they had learnt with Him in the darkness, to proclaim from tho house tops what they had heard from Him in This is the perpetual function of re ligion, and those, who teach it, In the pul pit and elsewhere. We live in a. world so full of tumult and controversy and wrestling that it is needful to he continu ally reminded of the'existc-nce and essen tial importance of these divine factors of life and character. Thousands do for get them; they live for the moment for material tangible ends that loom large at the time only to vanish like smoke when life comes to an end. Thousands do forget them; they scoff at Churches and chapels, priests and evangelists, ser mons and psalms, and yet if they paused and considered their own life, surely they would see that .it is only in so far as tliej" have some flashes and remnants left in their lives of the things which these in stitutions and offices exist to vindicate that they are kept from utter decay and desolation. And there are those who are so absorbed in- the struggles and fierce ; battles of the world's restless affairs that j | they never give a moment to these other realities that live in the heart of their lives, though often -so far from their thoughts. j ., "But these o.uiet thing’s of God are the things that endure." They outlive dy nasties and nations, rise fresh and youthful from the graves of the institu tions and movements to which they give rise, and gently renew their life in the ashes of burnt out theories, dogmas, Churches reared to give them immortal ity. The Gospel of the truth and grace of God is the only thing that has a real earthly immortality. Here is a little poem that I cut out of a newspaper dur ing the last election:— Yesternight, where the smoke was thick, I sat silent and heard the brawl— Till I grew weary and sick of all, Went out to watch the darkening eve*!;. Sought the touch of the airs of Heaven. Half a mile on, a sudden Bong, Mounting above in a girl's siveet breath, Brought me to pause, and I caught the words, "Victory. Victory, over Death," ' From a little Chapel so deep in green, The psa.lm v,-as heard ero tho place was seen, These be things that lost. I said, Shadows we are that shadows pursue, Triumph and weep over vanities, Strut and fret and mako much ado— I only, Christ, as He did Bay, Is with two or three who meet to pray. So while the people sang and prayed, Theso ho the things that endure, I said. \ \CS’these Tse the things that endure." ; ,.,,,un ,e<^ years hence It will count for little which party is in power to-day; the ] great will of God will be worked out - 1 through and in spite of both. The bril- i i liant perorations and passionate person- I ] alltk-s of ear leaders. which w-a- read so eagerly morning by morning' — or think we do — what will they matter a vc-ac hence? But the Ihirable of she Leaven, and the Prodigal Son, and the great story of the cross and of Him who died thereon — these will matter more and more as the- centuries roll on. Whether you will make your fortune or not will not matter much—ora: all—in that still and quiet hour when you will !>-:• lying near the dark porta!, and you will have to leave nil you can sec* and lu-ar .and handle: but you wiil crave for some words of the blessed Book that lies now so quietly oil the shelf, perhaps out of sight, out of mind; .and you will giusp at its promises of pardon and accept ance as yon now grasp, at other things. I have stood beside many deathbeds, but have never found man or woman then in a mood to prize the thousand interests and ambitions that occupied their thoughts from day to day; but in the stillness and the darkness they have strained ears and hearts to listen to the quiet, words and saving sayings of ,Te.su=. 