IN THE GRIP OF HATE, PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. :®3r JSb.t "W. ;i!ME»:»o3bL:na.®xa.,fcB AUTHOR OP "BY RIGHT OP SWORD." "A HERITAGE OF PERIL." "SIR JAFFRAY'S \- WIFE." "THE MYSTERY OF MORTIMORE STRANGE," "BY WHOSE HAND?" "THE OLD MILL MYSTERY," "MISER HOADLEY'S SECRET," &c.;, &o.; COPYRIGHT, CHAPTER XIV.— (Continued.) The lunch was as dismal a meal as the din-, ner of the previous evening, and after it Mercy had a horse saddled and rode out alone. 'U will find a house somewhere," she said to Lallu, but she came baclt as depressed as sne "had started. She had chanced to choose the loneliest road of all. and had ridden five miles without meeting a 'soul. ."And this is to be our life," she exclaimed, going in to Lallu in her riding habit. "To get up in the morning and to look at each other at breakfast: walk about among uncultivated fields or on the cliffs all the morning: look at one another again at lunch: ride among more desolate fields, or along other cliffs in the afternoon: look gloomily at each other again at dinner and perhaps quarrel; yawn drearily till bedtime; and then go to bed to lie awake all night, starting at every sound, fearing rats or ghosts, or worse, dream un easily when daylight comes, and then get up to begin it all over again." She sighed, and lay back on the sofa, and presently ad ded with a laugh, "And this is what -a for tune hus done for us!" The description was sufficiently accurate of much of the life at the Court for the next four or five weeks, except that Mercy's na tural activity drove her to find some occupa tion in, taking charge of the household. Lallu , dreamed the time away, but Mercy fretted during the daytime and suffered so much during the nights, when , the house seemed full of strange noises, that she began to look j ill, and her mother scolded her for being so discontented. Juan's arrival was delayed; but when he came. Ills sullen disposition did nothing to make matters any more endurable. Mercv detested him, and did not hesitate to let him see it; while Lallu. kept away from him when ever possible. .Matters were Indeed growing more and more uncomfortable in the house, when an Incident happened which gave Mercy fresh food for thought. She developed a liking for a lonely spot on the sea front about a mile from the Court, and formed the habit of going there In the afternoon to sit and read or work, or think. The direct path to it was along the top of the cliffs, but a longer way lay through some llelds and between two or three coppices, near to one of which stood one of the only cot tages in the district that was not in ruins. She was returning one evening, and on pass ing the 'spot heard some high words in a wo man's voice and then a reply In a man's. Not wishing to be seen, for the people had anything but a good reputation, she stood still and drew back under the shadow of the trees, Intending to turn and go back by the cliff. Before she could do this, however, the door of the cottage was flung violently open, the scream of a woman rang out on the still air, with hot language from both In Spanish. Then ih English the man exclaimed ex citedly: . "You dare to come here spying upon.nie, you she-devil. I'm the Wrong sort to stand that, and you know It,'- Take care," The tone was far more menacing than the words, and to Mercy's intense surprise Colonel Itoca came hastily through the small front patch of garden out into the- lane, where he turned and shook his forefinger menacingly as he walked quickly away, followed by the voluble curses of the woman, who spoke in Spanish. . Curiosity was too strong, for Mercy, and she walked on until she could see, the woman, She was a tall, well-figured, handsome brun ette, shabbily dressed in things which had once been very good, and her dark face frowned with anger and bitterness, which flowed In glib curses off her tongue. Mercy was frightened and stole away from her hiding-place back to the. path on the cliffs, and as soon as she reached it she walked and ran back as quickly as possible to the Court. She achieved her object— to: be there when the Colonel arrived, and she took care to let him see that she had observed his arrival. What did it mean? was her thought, as Bhe went up to dress for dinner. Was there some new mystery about to come into their lives? Was the dream of her mother's con fidence in him about to be dispelled? If the man were really the scoundrel which this in terview seemed to suggest, the sooner it was known the better for them all. At dinner she put one or two questions. "You've been for a walk?" she said, look ing at the Colonel. ' "Yes, out by the gravel pits." This was In an opposite direction from where she had seen him. "Oh! I thought I saw you coming in from the Pentham road," she said, as if Indiffe rently. "So you did. I crossed the field just above and skirted the Court. I wanted to see how the work in the orchard was getting on." , ''.Very slowly, I think," she returned calmly. "It seems hard to get anyone to come here un less they're compelled." He glanced angrily at her: His temper had not recovered tone from the encounter she had witnessed. " . "I don't know that I ought to say that, .though," she added a' moment later, in the former tone of indifference. "For I see there's aotually a new resident arrived. Think of It, mother," she said, turning to the latter, but not so as to prevent her keeping observation on the Colonel. And she saw him wince, and a frown for a moment drew the eyebrows to gether. "What do you mean by a new resident, Mercy?" asked Mrs. Roca. "There's nowhere for them to live." "Well, one's found a place — for it's a wo man, and a very handsome woman, too. Dark, tall, large — the very opposite of you, little mother, " said Merey, smiling. She saw a quick stealthy glance between father and son. "What Is she— a gipsy?" . "No, dear, a Spaniard, I should think. Let me see," she added, turning to the Colonel with an inquiring look. "What is the name of the people who have the cottage in the lane, off Pentham Road? Dicey? I think it is. At any rate It's the only cottage there, so one can't mistake it. . It's there she lives. I think I shall begin my country life by going to visit her to-morrow. She must be Interest ing, I'm sure. And there must be some very I special reason to bring her down to a place like this at this time of the year. Shouldn t vou think so, Colonel?" And she looked at him with a challenge in her eyes. "I'm sure I don't know. I take no interest in such things, and I should think you'll be ve/y ill-advised to go forcing yourself upon people of that class. The Dlcey's, or what ever the name is, haven't by any means the best of reputations." "I hope you won't do anything of the kind, Mercy," added her mother. "You don't un derstand visiting, and I'm sure you've no tracts." "She doesn't look like a woman who wants tracts, exactly," said Mercy, in a voice that made Juan smile. "Have you seen her?" asked the girl, turning on him quickly. "I don't go district visiting," lie answered, turning the question. '. . . . "She is Spanish, I think," continued Mercy, "or she may be South American. How should I be able to tell the difference, Colonel?" "I'm sure I don't know. Really, I was scarcely thinking about what you were say- Ing." "I was only speculating what could bring a Spanish woman or a South American to this deserted part of the country just at the moment when we. are here.It's such an ex traordinary coincidence, when you eome to thln'k of it. Here Is this desolate district, to which no English people will come unless they are compelled— and yet no sooner do you two - South Americans arrive, than a third comes." "The world Is full o£ coincidences," ex claimed the Colonel,' as he rose' from the ta- .ble, frowning. , - , "I'm sure there must be a history; and I'm determined to find It out," said Mercy, lingering a moment before following her mother out of the.-room. . "Trust a woman's curiosity," said Juan, smiling and lighting a cigar. "And a man's— what shall I say?— rfrlend- sblp? Is that likely to' be the object?" And with this parting shot she went. But through one of the servants meeting her and asking her a question she was detained outside the door which she had not quite closed. She heard an oath and a reference to her self from the Colonel. "Is this woman's coming any of your In fernal meddling?" he exclaimed, angrily, to his son. "I don't know. She may have followed." Then a silence broken by .another heavy oath. "Curse that girl, she's always meddling/ There'll be no peace till she's out of the way." "Did you call me, Colonel?" asked Mercy, putting her head Inside the room. "I thought I heard you calling. "No. thank you." was the reply, In a barely civil tone and with none of the usual veneer of surface courtesy. "1 didn't know you were listening outside the door." "Or you might have spoken somewhat dif ferently," she retorted. And the reply made both men start and swear again. CHAPTER XV.— "I AM HIS "WIFE." When the girls went to bed that night Lallu spoke of the Incident at dinner and ques tioned Mercy. "You have made Colonel Roca more dan gerous than ever," she said. "I was watch ing him to-night in the drawing-room. He and that Juan had been talking together, and watched them both. When he saw no one looking at him, -the Colonel sat moodv and brooding, and once or twice he shot a glance of such hate at you that I could see nc was meditating- some threatening step. And you are looking ill, too. I have seen you changing for days past." ' - '1 think I can read him, Lallu, because I Dotieve 1 have a clue. I shall know more to morrow; but I know why lie was so angry with me to-night." . "Be careful— that Is all. I can feel that smc i calamity is threatening." Lallu was right. Colonel Roca had come to a decision that boded ill indeed for Mercy, and the next day he began to move. He appeared to have recovered his usual spirits, and at breakfast said he was going to drive over to Pentham. Would Mercy go with him?" "No, .thank vou," she. answered, "I - have some things to do. What time shall you be back?" He glanced at her quickly, as if the words had started a suspicion. His mood and new decision had made him .especially susceptible to Impressions of the kind. But he laughed and turned the question. "I'm sure I don't know. The delights and dissipations of the gay' Pentham may detain me. But never milnd, Juan will look after you nili right, and see that you don't got into any mischief." It was Mercy's turn now to try and read his inner meaning, and as their eyes mot, his smiling and apparently frank, she felt I'.hnit she could do so. "Thank you. Juan and I don't agree very well, and — I don't want to be watched by anvone." "You are very touchy, Mercy," he returned. "And. your tongue willl make you many ene mies — among those who don't know your real gentleness of heart." The mookery of tho last sentence was obvious. "I would rather appear worse than better Khan I am," was the reply. The Colonel started soon after breakfast, and Mercy watched him go. As soon as he was gone she went out- Into- the garden to the path at the top of the breakwater and stood looking seawards. As she turned her Iliad she saw Juan watching her from one of the lower windows of the house. "Spy!" she thought, contemptuously; and determined to give him some trouble. She walked rapidly along to the end of the break water, turned up by where the cliff had been washed away, and crossed into a clump of trees and undergrowth that stood at tlie point. Using that as a cover she' hurried through It at a quick run, and out into a lane that ran clrcuitously from there back to the other, side of the house. Along this she went quickly, bending down so that she v.culd be out of sight, and then taking ad vantage of a set-back in the hedge, stood out of sight and waited. Juan had followed her with his eyes as fat- as possible,, and when she had left the gar den he ran out after her. Not seeing her he Jumped to the conclusion that she', wns trying to escape hint, and he came running down the lane at full speed past her hiding- place "You are in a hurry, Juan," said Mercy, standing by the hedge as if gathering black berries. and turning to look at him over her uplifted arms., He stopped, panting with the- quick run. his heavy face sullen with linger. He knew she had played him a trick. "1 was trying a- flying start. I am train- . ins', you know." ho answered. "What for— a detective V" -V '"I. don't' know what you mean." , "You "were following, me, and you': know it perfectly well. I saw you, watching me from the house when ! stood by the break - u a lev.' and when I left the gin-den you came running after me." "You know hoiv I like to be with you, " he muttered. '.... "I- know nothing of the kind, and I wonder you have not something better to do with your tongue than to tell lies with It. You .were playing the spy on me. like the paltry coward you are: and T want to know how you dare to do 'it.. You think, I suppose, be cause T am only a girl. I am defenceless, and you can do ' what you like without . fear of punishment. That is the code of a man of your— honour!" She -flung this in his teeth with a curl of the lip that spoke of infinite contempt. "Surely T can walk about my father's pro perty without incurring your majesty's anger. Seems to me you wish us all to bow down and do what you want. I don'.t think you know how exceedingly disagreeable you make yourself." "When your father puts you to spy upon my actions when he is away, I am not/ very likely to" be agreeable .to e'lther of you. And now please to understand that I will not have you training your low detective instincts at my expense, if you dare to follow me, I'll find a means to be rid of you, and to. your cost too," Wtlth 'that she turned on her heel and left him to follow or not as he pleased; while she walked quickly back to the house. She went to Lallu and told' her what had' happened. "You can help me. I want Ito.go out a little way on the Pentham-road. Go down and lure the spy out with you, and . lead "him . in the opposite direction." Lallu laughed, and her eyes danced as she assented. She went down, swinging her hat by the ribbons and singing softly to. herself as she entered ithe room, outside Ithe French window of which she knew he wad standing and watching. She drew near to the window gra dually, and then threw herself 'into a chair In his line of sight, and covering - her face with her hands sighed deeply. "What is the matter, Lallu?" he asked.. - She paid no heed. "What is the maiter?" he repeated. . "What is that? Are you there?", she- cried, as If disturbed and surprised at seeing him, ' and rising quickly made as If to leave the room. ' "Don't go," he said. ; . "Oh, I. must," she answered, lingering 'by ,th' door and ,l.op(cing.Rt;.him.. _ . "Nb.'Son't"." '.. 'I have something I. want to say to you.' v : 'No, no, no!" and bhe shook her hend vi gorously, but let him take her arm and. lead Tier -back to the chitirl ; ' "What is the matter?" he asked agnin. "This place Is... dull— dull— oh, so insuffer-.'i ably.dull. and I afniserablo:" ' "I wish you'd let me help you. Lallu." "You! 'And Bhe lifted- ..-her face and let her eyes rest on \his till .the passion he had for .her thrilled and overpowered him. : . "You know I would give my life for you,"-' he said'j nervously. "I am inad when you' look at me like that." "Come out,-' she said, rising quickly. "The house stifles me. I am longing for air. Come," and she touched his hand with hers. He fol lowed her readily. "Let us go down to the edge of the sea. I want to stand there and empty the - loneliness of my heart Into the. waters." She led the way to where the steps had been cut by the side of the breakwater, nnd inn- down to the foot , ol' the crags below, turning now and then to glance upward into 1)1.3 face. When they reached the bottom he tried -to take her hand; but she would not let him; though she made way for him to sit by her side on a piece of fallen rock at the edge of the waters. "Now, listen to the waves and tell me what message they have for you; and then" she looked again into his eyes— "perhaps I will tell you," she said, and sighed. "They can tell me no more than I know already, Lallu. I love you. I am on Are for love of you." She laughed, glanced at him, nnd kicked a little bench away eoquettishly. "You love me? And what would your love do for me? Are you sure? Is it you love me — Lallu— or yourself?" 1 "T would die for you." "Do you moan that7 I don't believe you. If It were true, It would be a useless thing to do. It would not benefit me. and you would gain nothing. But I don't believe it. I don't believe you would think of doing anything of the kind." "I would. I swear it. Try me." "Do you mean that if I told.you to take a pistol and shoot yourself you would be so foollshasto do.lt?"' - I:. v . "If you, really wishe'd it. and it would serve you.''. "Ah. love has conditions, I see. 'Ifs' and 'buts.' I don't think. you. know what love Is." "Lallu!" . ' "Bah! 'you' talk- 'of loveand death. Why, If I were to tell .you to walk out there into the sea until the waves closed over I your head, , you might start, but the moment, your feet wore wet you would begin to repent; and be fore the water was near your knees you would 'feel how foolish you looked, and how silly any such sacrifice would be— and you would turn back." , His face grew dark and lowering as she spoke, and when she ended with a laugh, ha started angrily. nT il a, e 'al!Shing at me." lie said sullenly, i should laugh at you then." she answered. Go and try. See what it Is to walk to a ridi culous death to keep an unmeant, empty, boasting love vow. Bah! die l'or me," she ' after a moment's pause. "If is the chatter of a starling. A man's love is what? The dancing light from a mirror, in which he catches the sun's rays, and turns It where he will. It is bright — while It lasts'; but changes i, vei'£ ?hlft of h'8 hand. Or. if you like It better, it is the focussed light of a burning SaBS- making a bright spot where he will,' that dazzles his own eyes, and; if he Is con stant long enough, scorches and kills what it touches. That is your love. I know it. But th?searfringe/'ttin£r Stf": 'Gt US walk aIon" cv,AllL',Vt"i1'ie"i alo"ff. stumbling as quickly as ch? m i ov,er rough, uneven, crag- n- V. s'l!,ls:le! u"til they reached a polnit a Jho? i latnco, the opposite direction from innt \\\ she knew that Mercy was going, ken)" ,down- Pleading fatigue, and '!?? Y ,<5n' y'nPM-ouml her, while. she spoke u-ichJi i , th'hfrs except tljait which ho Url t nd when she thought it would be safe to roturn. they climbed the cliff and walked home through the fields, she teasing and coquetting, and he dogged in his disap pointment. "tercy left the house as soon as the way 'clear, nnd walked quickly Ireetion of the cottage where she, had th tni-wi i » scene of the previous night, what the meaning of the- quarrel could have been and how she could best approach the woman. . --t the cottage there was a disappointment. It was shut up, nnd not a soul was In it. : Mercy knocked at the door loudly, but got no the mewing of a oat shut up inside. She looked in the garden ait the back but no one was there; and she jumped to the bntwMnth that.the was some connection between the Colonel's hurried vlstt to Pent- cottage absence of the occupant of the th's„she w-ns mistaken, and when she reached tlje sea front, at. the spot where 3he ? aim saw the woman sitting there 1? ' thought nnd apparent dejec- tion. She was too preoccupied to hear Mercy approach, and the girl was close to her be fore she turned and glanoed up. She rose at once and stared at her with an fiferruptfon' as though resenting the nniSKH'4 ,disturb Yon,", said .Mercy, quiet! j.. This is a favourite spot of mine. I am not surprised you like it. And It Is so near your house." "Who are you? And what do you know of my liouae?" asked the woman after a moment s pause of searching scrutiny. My name is Hawthorne. I live, as pro bably you know, at the Court here, and I was coming back from this spot yesterday when I saw and heard you in conversation with Cplonel Roca." The .woman started a: the reply, spoken in a quiet matter-of- . fact tone, and was at first manifestly dis concerted by it, Then' she laughed, some what bitterly. ''What did you hear?" she asked, with a curl of the Hp. "Enough to make me anxious to see you again." "Wishing to hear more, I suppose?" "Wishing to hear what you choose to tell me." "Are you his friend?" was asked after a pause. "I am his step-daughter." . "The daughter of that woman," and the handsome face grew ruddy with anger. Then very sternly she added: "You shall hear more ithan you wish, I promise, you. Will you- / ct me -to what you can my .house?"' "Yes," assented Merc, readily, and turned away with her In the direction of it. As they were passing through the little coppice in which Merey had hidden on the previous evening she said: "Before I enter the house I should like to ask a question." "Ask fifty," was the reply, very brusquely sroken. (to bp continued.) 