OUR SUNBEAM BOOKSHELF THE HERSCHELS AND MODERN AS- TRONOMY. [By Agnes M. Clarke.] While I was looking about for readable books on astronomv I came on one in the "Century Science Series" that has been a real treat—"The Herschels and Modern Astronomy." Even if you are not particularly interested in astronomv, you will find | the Herschels themselves delightful. There are three biographies in the book (or biographical sketches rather) of Sir William Herschel, Caroline Herschel (his sister),and Sir John Herschel (his son). The first two are the most interesting and least technical. William Herschel was the sou of a bandmaster of the Hanoverian Guard. He was burn November 15, 1738, and; while still a boy r entered the band ELS oboist. Cam- paigning did not suit him, as ne was not strong, so his parents shipped him off to England in 1757. He landed with a French crown piece in his pocket. How he got on at first I do not know; but he got employment as a musician, and his ability as a violinist brought him into notice, and through it he made friends with Dr. Miller, organist and historian, of Don caster, who did everything he could to bring him forward. In 1765 William Herschel competed for the post of organist at Halifax. His :-h:ef rival, Dr. Wainwright, was a skilled playei, and went in for a great deal of execution. Most people were delighted; but the builder of the organ, a German named Sehnetzler said, "He runs about the keys like one cat; he gif my pipes no time for to shpeak." "Then Herschel mounted the loft," the writer says, "and the Church was filled with a majestic volume of sound, under cover of which a stately melody made itself heard. The "Old Hundredth" followed with equal effect. Sehnetzler was beside himself with delight. "I vil luf dis man," he cried, because he gif my pipes time for to shpeak." 3lcrsc-hel got the apppintment though he had onlj begun to ieanj^ organ playing a short time before. He went to Bath in 1766 as oboist in Linley's orchestra, and became organist at the Octagon Chapd next year. Now Bath, you must remember, wa6 a most fashionable place in the time of the Georges. So he came into notice, and had a number of pupils—some of them of high rank. In his own struggle he did not forget tho6e at home, ana got his brother Alexander a place in Linley's Orchestra in 1771, while in the following year he went to Hanover and brought back his sister Caroline. Poor little Caroline, she was nearly twelve vears younger than he was, and the Cinderella of the family. Her father wished to educate her so that she might earn her own living, so he taught lier to play the violin; but the lessons had to be given when her mother was out of the way or in a good humour, for she had strict ideas on woman's education, and kept Caroline sternly to household drudgery- She allowed her to learn reading and writing, but not arithmetic, but from her earliest years trained her in sewing and knitting.* She had to knit stockings, poor mite, when she was so tiny that the end of the stocking touched the ground while she was finishing the toe. Her brother William was the only one- of the family who took much notice of her. She lost herself once when she was sis trying to meet her father and brother, who had been away in England with the Hanovarian Guard, but she missed them, and wandered about for. some time till at last sne found her way home, and found them all at dinner—they had not noticed her absence. But William jumped up from the table, and pelted and made much of the poor little girl, and made her forget the cold and weariness and sorrow at bring unnoticed. Her father died when she was seventeen, and she found herself oniv Qualified to be a housemaid. She learned fancy work hoping to get a place as a governess, and took lessons in dressmaking and millinery. But just then William wrote from Bath inviting her to come to him., and sing in his concerts, and keep house, for him. While she waited for permission to go she practised the solo parts of violin concertos as vocal exercises, "shake and all," so that, as she says, "I had gained a tolerable execution before I knew how to sing." She also sewed hard, making a stock of clothes for those she was about to leave behind. William came, paid his mother enough to enable her to keep a servant, and took Caroline back to Bath, where she had to learn English, arithmetic, and account keeping as well as singing. After a few months' study she came easily to the front, and when she had overcome her foreign accent she took the first soprano parts in "Tlie Messiah," "Sampson, "Judas Maccabaeus," and other oratorios. In the meantime William, who, after fourteen or sixteen hours of teaching, would, as the biographer says, "unbend his mind by plunging into Maclauvin's "Fluxions," or retire to rest with a basin of milk, Smith's "Opticks," and Ferguson's Astronomy. He had no sooner fallen uuder the* spell of this last science than he "resolved to take nothing upon trust, but to see with my own eyes all that other men had done before." That was the beginning of it." He hired a sir-all telescope, which made him wish for more. As he could not' afford to buy a large' one he decided to make one. This was in 1772. In summer, when most people had left Bath, he and his brother set to worl. and turned the house upside down. "Alexander, a born mechanician, set up a. huge lathe in one of lihe bedrooms; a cabinet-maker was installed in the drawingroom; Caroline, in spite of secret dismay di who had staked his life on the issue. Meanwhile, music could not be neglected. Practising and choir training went on, novelties for the ensuing season were prepared, compositions written, and parts copied. Then the winter brought the usual round of tuitions and performances, while all tjhe time mirrors were being ground and polished, tried and rejected without intermission. At last, after 200 failures, a tolerable reflecting telescope -was produced The outcome may seem small for so great an expenditure of pains; but those 200 fai:ures made the Octagon Chapel Organist an expert, unapproacbed and unapproachable in- the construction of specula." There—I gave that bit just to show what sort of people the Herschels were. Of course they got on. At first music was their profession. and astronomy their amusement. He used his first telescone for the first time on March 4, 1774, made more and used them till on the night of March, 13, 1781, he discovered a new planet—the one now known as "Urauus." Music before long gave place to astronomy. In 1782 he was appointed Royal Astronomer. The salarywas only £200 a year, but he added to it by making telescopes. King William IH. paid six hundred guineas a piece for four ten-foot reflectors, £3,150 was received for a.twenty-five foot sent to Spain, and in 1814 £2,310 from Lueien Bonaparte for two smaller ones. I cannot go on with the story without spoiling it. William Herschel worked on, assisted by his brother, in making telescopes, by his sister in using them. She never had time to study astronomy systematically. "My dear brother William," she wrote, "was ' my only teacher, and we began generally when we should have ended; he supposing that I knew ail that went before. Nevertheless, she not only helped him in his work, but discovered several comets on her own .account. I am afraid I have not been able to tell you 'what a bright, brave, unselfish woman she was — one cannot condense without spoiling. I enjoyed the book immensely, and I think some of you would like it too. Willunga, August 9, 1898. My dear Magpie—I am one of Uncle Harry's nieces whom you have never heard from before. I am glad you started the "Sunbeam Bookshelf." Like most of your other correspondents I have read "Little Women," "Little Wojien Wedded," and "Little Men," by Louisa Alcott. I would like to read "The Eight Cousins" by the same author. I have read "The Seven Little Australians." "The Family at Misrule," and "The Little Larrikin," by Ethel Turner. Of the three I like "The Seven Little Australians" best, although 'it ended very sadly. " have read "Polly, or A New Fashioned Girl," by L. J. T. Meade. This book was presented to me by Uncle Hariy as a present for making a pinafore. The book is very much like "The Seven Little Australians," except that the children in .. ja.ustx<ujiiiib, . eiccpL mat , . me . cniiorec it were not quite so naughty. I . have ] read "Woman's Friendship," by Grace Aguilar, and "The Flower of the Family," .. by E. l'rentiss. I am reading now "A Voyage in the Sunbeam," by Lady Brassev. I am . in the sixth class at school, and our teacher got the book for us to read. I find it very interesting because some of the people who were on the Sunbeam during that voyage are alive now, and living in our oivn country. I have also read "Marley's Ghost," bv Dickens, and I intend readily "The Old Curiosity Shop" and "Nicholas Kicblebv" by the same author. I must tell you my age, so that you may know what books I a-ouid like to read. I am twelve .rears of age. With best wishes for the prosperity of the "Sunbeam Bookshelf," I am. dear Magpie, yours very sincerely, EDITH ISOBEL FITZPATRICK. Thanks for your letter, Edith — I am always glad to hear from Uncle Harry's "Sunbeams." I suppose it was the name that first attracted you to Lady Brassey's book. 1 am glad you like reading about real people. Must it not have been delightful sailing about to all sorts of beautiful places? If you are fond of travels, there are no end of delightful books for you to read. I think you would like some of Miss Gordon Cumming's. "Granite Crags," "Fire Fountains," and ''Two Happy Years in .Ceylon" are ail good. Quite a batch of letters from Taylor's Gap—Edith, Harold, Mabel Woodlands- Ada Woodlands has also written, and Edith aud Harold have both sent essays for the first competition. Well done! Taylor's Gap, August 17, 1898. Dear Magpie—I am now going to write ta you again, and give you the names of a few more books that 1 have read. The list of books that 1 v.-rote about before were all my own, with the exception of one or two, most of them being prizes from school. The following are the names:— "Bessie and Her Friends," by Joanna H. Mathews, li very good book; "The Luck Penny," by C. A. Mercer; "The Snowstorm," by Mrs. Gore; "Chasing the Sun," by R. M. Ballantyne; "Picciola," li.v X. Boniface-Saintine^—this book I did not care for very much, as it is not very interesting; "Alice Krrol and other Tales"—this, also, was a very good book; "Order and Disorder," "The Cuckoo in the Robin's Nest," by Mrs. A. H. Martin; "Nobly Planned." by M. B. Manwell; "Alec Green," bv Silas E. Hocking—a splendid book. This will complete the list for this time. I will conclude now, hoping that the "Bookshelf" will still go on and prosper as it is doing.—I remain, vouri truly, EDITH WOODLANDS. I see you are beginning to cultivate likes and dislikes — think out the why. of these, and it will help you to form clear ideas of what you read. You have got to "not interesting;" why is it "not interesting" is the next step; but not an easv one. Taylor's Gap, near Kapunaa, August 17, 1898. Dear Magpie—I am glad to see the "Bookshelf" progressing so well, and that many take an interest in it. I am trying in the competition, but it is the first time 1 have tried. This is a list of some books I have read:—"Tact. Push, and Principle." by William Thayer, which is a verv nice l-ook, and well worth reading; "The Master Hand," by "Pansy," and could you tell roe the sequel to it. as I should very much like to read it; "O'er Cranboumc's Oaks," by the Rev. T. Davidson; "Bessie and Her Friends," "Maggie and Bessie," by Joanna H. Matthews, two verv nice hooks; "Picciola," by X. Boniface-Saintinej I do not care much about, as it is not verv interesting; "The Lively Poll," by EL M. Ballantyne—a very nice book; "Tom Watkins' Mistake," by Emma Leslie; "Nobly Planned," by M. B. Mann- ell; "Aire Green," by Silas K. Hocking—a very nice book; "Tom Brown's Schooldays," by An Old Boy. It is a very interesting book. I will now conclude, wishing you every success.—I remain, yours irulv, HAliOLD WOODLANDS. I am glad you like '"Tom Brown." He is an old friend of mine. Have you read "St. Winifreds," by Dean FarrarV It is a story of a bo-y's school, and I am sure you would like it. Taylor's Gap, August 15, 1898. Dear Magpie—I am 'now writing a letter, as 1 have not written before. I am very fond -of reading, and read your letter every week, and hope it will be a success. I will now write a list of books I have read:—"Elsie and the Raymonds," bv Martha Finley; "Cleared at Last," by Julia God"- dard; "Kitty Carroll," by L. E. Tiddeman; "The. History of Five Little Pitchers," by M. B. Hunt; "Little Threads," "Sepperl, the Drummer Boy," by Mary C. Rowell; "Picciola, or the Prison Flower," "Chrissy's Endeavour," by "Pansy;" "The Cuckoo in the Robin's Nest," by Mrs. A. H. Martin; "A Rash Promise," by Mrs. Lowndes; "Diamonds in the Sand," by S. T. A. Radcliffe; "Maggie and Bessie," by Joanna H. Mathews; "What Hilda Saw," by Penelope Leslie; "The Lively Poll," by R. M. Ballantyne; "Tom Watkins' Mistake," by Emma Leslie. The books I like best are "Christy's Endeavour," "A Rash Promise," and "Maggie and Bessie." I -will now conclude.—I remain, yours truly. MABEL WOOD- LANDS. Thank you, Mabel. I hope I shall bear from you again. Taylor's Gap, August 13, 1898. Dear Magpie—I am going to write to give you a list of books I have read:—"Little Nell," bv Emily Brodie; "Kittie Oairoll," by L. E. Tiddeman; "Dot's Story-book," "Little Cross- bearets," "Order and Disorder." I'am nine years and a half old. I will conclude now.—I remain, yours truly, ADA WOODLANDS. I am glad to hear from you, Ada. You will notice I have left out some of the names of the books you have read, because jyiur raster, Mabel, nad^ mentioned them already. I wonder if "Order and Disorder" is a story I read long ago, and was very fond of. It came out first in "Little Foiks," if, I am not mistaken. What fun you must have talking over the books you have read; you are quite a reading society by yourselves. Hamley Bridge, August 3, 1898. Dear Magpie—I am an Associate Member of the Sunbeam Society, and, as I am very fond of reading, I thought I should like to write to you. 1 like Annie S. Swan's books very much. I have read "Carlowrie," "A Divided House,'.* "Wrongs Righted," "St. Vcdas," "Dorothea Kirk," "The Secret Panel." I think Silas K. Hocking's books are splendid. These are some of his that I have read:—"Alec Green," "For Abigal," "Ivy," "Real Grit" (I. liked that very much), "Tregtagies' Head," "Recdyford," "His Father." I like "Dombey and Son" and "The Chimes," by Charles Dickens. "Fortunes of Nigel" was a nice book, and I think was written by Charles Kingsley. I have read "Campion Court," by E. J. Worboise, and "Dorothy Arden," by F. M. Call well. I read "Uncle Tom's Cabin" a long time ago, and I should like to read it again. I often read my favourite books over again. 1 have not read "Water Babies," but I should like to very much. I am trying to get "Kenilworth" to read. I like "Home Influence" anl "A Mother's Recompense," by Grace Aguilar. Seven Little Australians" and "The Family at Misnile," by Ethel Turner, are splendid. Judy was my favourite character in : 'Seven Little Australians," and 1 think her death almost spoilt the book. "Little Women" and "Good Wives" were nice books, but I forget who wrote them. I 'think Jo was a splendid girl. shall have to stop now, or I shall weary you. I think the "Bookshelf" a splendid idea.—With best wishes, I remain, youre truly, EVA EXCELL. Write again, Eva; I am very glad to hear from you. "The Fortunes of Nigel" is by Sir Walter Scott, not Charles Kingsley, and I remember enjoying it, though it is so long since I read it that I am afraid I could not tell the story now. "Kenilworth" I am reading now. I have always avoided it before as too sad. As you are going to read it too, suppose we compare notes. Write to me again when you have read it. I think we were all sorry for Judy in "Seven Little Australians," but the chapter in which 6he dies is wonderfully well written. Gilberton, August 13, 1898. Dear Magpie—One of your readers wants to know the name of the author of "The Fifth Form of St. Dominies." The late Talbot Baines Reed wrote it and many others that" were first published in the "Boy's Own Paper." Among them are "Sir Ludar," "Adventures of a Guinea Watch," "Cock House of Fellsgarth," "Master of the SbellJ" Mr. Reed died about five years ago, I think. I have read a good many boys' books doling the last eight years. Below are the names and authors of some of them:—E. M. Ballantyne, about seventeen of this author's, all good ones, too, "The Fugitives" and "Erling the Bold" in particular; G. A. Henty, about twelve of his; about five -cach of Captain .Mayne Reid's, W. H. G. Kingston, Sinedley, R. LI Stevenson, David Ker, Jules Verne, and Ascott R. Hope. I like George Manville Venn's books very- much. ''Brownsmith's Boy" 1 think is a splendid book, although som: of his other ones come close to it. I have read twelve books about "ndian adventures by the Rev. E. S. Ellis, including the "Deerfoot" series, an-i enjoyed them very much. I think the books I like best of all I have read are "St. Winifreds," "Ton Brown's Schooldays," and "Westward Ho.** The author of the first is named Farrar. He alBO wrote a book called "Eric," -which I did not like nearly as well as "St. Winifreds." The hero, Eric, poes to the had when at school, and finally dies in a most aggravating way, although wbei: reading the book you would expect him to sisting of several yarns told to a child by an old negio slave. "Bevis, a Tale of a Boy," is another good book, by R. Jefferics. I am at present reading Mark . Twain's "Innocents Abroad," and think it is very gocri. His descriptions of various places .visited by him are far better than most descriptions by 1 travellers. "Tom Sawyer" and "Hucklebery Finn'* I have read. I liked the first best. I like reading your letter every week. I am a Sunbeam Associate, and take some interest in the Society's doings..—Yours truly, L. JAY. P.S.—Dickens's books I have not read much, about 'five altogether, bnt I expect to read more of his worts soon. 1 like Cor.an Doyle's books very much. "Rodney Stone' I liked extremely. It is so written that one feels as though he were living in Nelson's time, and seeing the scenes mentioned.—L. J. Thank you for the information about the author of the "Fifth Form at St, Dominies," and the list of boys' stories you send. Next time you write will you write your name, not your initial only. One puzzles over an initial, while a name has more indi- viduality. I read "Uncle Remus," or part of it, at least, as it came out, in an American magazine, and liked it. What a ter-' rible fellow Bre'v Rabbit was'. | August 13, 1S9S. j Dear Magpie—I can only echo the opinion of so many of your correspondents in expressing mv feelings towards the "Sunbeam Bookshelf." I am an Associato myself, so therefore take an • interest in anything concerning the Society. 1 am passionately fond of reading, and have "read a great number of books, of which the following i are a few:—"Second Lieutenant Celia," by Lilli:ts j Campbell Davidson, which I enjoyed very much. | It w-a? I<i;e of the last I have read. By Mrs. Henry 1 Wood—"East Lynne," "The Channings." anil; Roland Ycrlte" (very good). By Silas Hocking—! "For Abigail," "Tregeagle's Head," "Sea Waif," and "Eec-d?Grd."j I like them all very much, buc "For Abigail" is the best, aud "All Meu arc Liars," but 1 think that is by Joseph Hocking. Do you Know? "1'nele Tom's Cabin" and "Poganuj People," by H. B. Stowe—have you read it? It i-5 a very interesting book. "Donovan - ," "We Two." snd "Dorecn/* by bdna Lyall. iter's are splendid. Miss E. Turner's "Seven Little Australians," "The Family at Misrule," and "Miss Bcibbie," very good, but I think very childish. "The Bride's Home" and "The Two Henriettas," by Emina Marshall. By Dickens—"Bleak House," "Nicholas Nickleby," "Old Curiosity Shop," "Oliver Twist," "Pickwick Papers," and "American Notes." I cannot agree with. 3*ou about Evan Wilson's books, as I have read several by her, and like them Wry much. I suppose it would no-, do for every one to have the same opinion, do you? E. P. Roe's I like very much, such as "Barriers Burned Away," "A Young Girl's Wooing,'" and "From Jest to Earnest," "John Halifax," "Queechy." "Handy Andy," "A Knight of til* Nineteenth Century," "Old Helmet," -"Robinson t'ruioe," "Pilgrim's Progress," and "Ivanhoe" arc all n.y favourites. I have also read several of the "Elsie Series** and "Pansy," but cumot say I care for them. I am very fond of real adventure, and have read a good many of them. 1 think the best was one I read about six years ago, called "Adventures Ashore and-Afloat," but forget the author. Could you tell it to me 1 I must flop here, or I shall weary you with all this I will wiite again soon if I may.—Yonrs sincerely, MAPEL. I am 17 year* old. I have not read "Poganuc People," but I believe it is supposed to be particularly well written. Who can tell who "Adventures Ashore and Afloat" is by? The author you ask about certainly writes interesting stories, but I am afraid they are apt to be too sensational for. me to recommend here—too sentimental too; and I object to sentimentality, even more than to sensation. Real life is apt to seem so tame after a course of sentimental reading. Don't vou think so? - Curramulka, August 8, 189S. Dear Magpie—I think the "Sunbeam Bookshelf* a splendid idea. I am exceedingly fond of reading, and have read a great number of books. I have lvad most of the "Pansy" series, and think some of them are very nice. I have also read "Heme Influence" and "A Mother's Recompence," b.7 Giace Aguilar. These are wo books which to my idea would benefit every girl by reading. I liavc just lately read two of Edna Lyall's books, "A Juiight Errant" and "We Two." I think these xu-c two of the nicest books I have ever read. < Is not Carlo D in a ^"Knight Errant" a splendid character, so brave and true? nove r once swerving from what he knew to be his dirt v He is my ideal man. I have also read "Little Women" and "Little Women Wedded," by L. Alcott; "Beulah," by J. Evans Wilson: "Uncle Tom's Cabin," by Mrs. Stowe; "The Opening of a Chestnut Burr," "From Jest to Ernest," "Mark Desborough's Vow," and "A Better Part," by A. S. Swan. These are only a few books out of the number I have read, but will write about the rest the next time. With all best wishes for the "Bcokshelt'6" success, and trusting I have not wearied vou with my long letter, I am, yours truly, HILDA LOVELOCK. By all means write again'. Never mind giving a complete list of all the books you have ever read, but mention those that have struck you most, giving reasons, and noting the best drawn characters, as you have done in the case.'of Edna LyaD's "Knight Errant." If Carlo is ydur ideal character, you are ready for the third competition, at any rate. Dublin, August 15, 1S98. Deai Magpie—I am going to write to you again. I hope you have not forgotten me. I enjov very much reading the letters of my fellow Sunbeams and vo'ur' remarks. I quite agree with your correspondent, A. J. Smith, regarding the passage in A. E. Wilson's book about the "strange souiid of her hair trailing on the carpet a&ected; him (Russell Aubrey, .the • hero) strangely," but it'is in "Macuria," not "Infelice" tliat this passage occurs. I thought myself when I got there that it was very untidy, fi at an possible, for her to let her hair "trail" in that manner. But your correspondent makes another slight rnict'pVo Russell Aubrey, the person so "strangely affected," was not, I believe, in another room, but simply "leaning against the wall, with his aims crossed over bis chest," watching her. - It is of no cpnsequence, of course, but there, is some difference in detecting a sound happening in another room find one in the same room as yourself. "And in all things let us be just," so, though I am no admirer of Miss Wilson's. I write to correct this slight error. Hoping I have not tired vc.u. I will now close.—1 am, yours sincerely, HILDA M. DRISCOLL. Thank yotij Hilda. I have not forgotten you, and ain -not likely to when you write letters so much to the purpose. You see I read the book in question some time ago, and did not care for it enough to remember it very clearly, or I should nave noted the "mistake. I hope you will often write. Certainly we must be fair and accurate, whoever we are dealing with— in fact, -one should be. most careful in this respect when dealing with an author one' does not like. Wallaroo Bay, August 16, 1898. Dear Magpie—I think it is about time I wrote to you again, but I thought I would wait awhile before writing, so that I - could -have time to write the first essay and lead -some more books. I am sending you my manuscript by the same mall as this. It contains S9S w&rds; or about, not more, however. I hardly think that I will succeed in winning the prize, because in all the competitions -given by-Uncle Harry I have failed to please. At any rate, one can't do more than by. Perhaps my essay is not quite to the point, as I didn't write much about the author, in essay No. 3, "Your favourite character and why?" do you mean by your favourite character one whom you admire in a book or in-general such as a witty person, adventurous, &c..; My version of the author I wrote about might not agree with others, but, mind you, dear Magpie, it is not my favourite author, only one I like equal to many another. Since last I wrote to you I have read "East Lynne," by lire. Henry Wood. I think' it is a verv deep story, and made me nearly cry in :some places. Rider- Haggard's "Eric Brighteyes," which, though fairly -yaniy, is very interesting. I think those northern people in olden days are to be envied for their courage and daring, though the bloodshed at that time was ralher too numerous to be pleasant. Dear old Eric, I was so eorrv he died, though it was only imagination. He quite won my heart when he was determined to go to Asmunt Yule Feast by no other way but the road down the . "Golden Falls." I have followed the suggestion made by Uncle Harry, in one of his letters, to write on No. 2 sheet and -3, but I have also written on Nos. 1 and 4. I was sony I missed writing to you in the discussion ot "Uncle Tom's Cabin," but I am such a lazy girl. Good-bye. With love, f remain, yoim truly, NORMA C. MUELLER. I am glad to hear from you again, Norma, and to receive your essay — of which I cannot, of course, speak at present. I am sorry that you have been unfortunate in past competitions, but read, think, and try, above all things, to make your'work "to the point" — that is the heart and soul of essay writing. I, too, am very fond of of books. Do you ever see the "Literary "World?" It is not so slashing and severe in its versions as the "Atheneum," but it keeps one up to date. But, my dear child — there, I suppose you will be up in arms at being consideredyoung, so I will take it the other way— since you are so grown up in your tastes, do, do, do, please, read something solidtravel, biography, or at least standard novels. You may be lazy, but your mind is, 1 think, naturally active. Give it some plain, solid, wholesome food. Read things . that make you think, and see if it does not work better. I know myself what a trouble an active imagination is till it gets projierly into harness, and I know what I am talking about when 1 say read real, things, true things, beautiful things, and think about them on your own account. MAGPIE. 