THE STORYTELLEE. THE GREENBRIAR GHOST. ^ Why had Celia refused to take me into tiie attic rooms, and why had she said in such a strange manner that " it iras getting dusk and we must go below P" This was my first visit to Greenbriar, a gloomy old place some miles from the city, which uncle had obtained at a bar gain because of its reputation as being the abiding place of a "real ghost.' And Cousin Celia had been showing me the house, but stopped short on the landing, refusing to go further. Now, Uncle Remus, with his whole family, disbelieved in spiritual manifes- tations with a vengeance. Certainly, then, Celia was not cowardly. No; there were other reasons for her peculiar air as she preceded me down the narrow . flight of shadowy stairs to the hall below. I was certain of it; my curiosity was aroused; I was sure a mystery existed somewhere above the third floor, and I soon found myself planning to in- vestigate the matter,, even iE I had to visit the apartment hy night. . ." The family residing, there, and of whom Uncle Remus. purchased the pro- perty, could not explain the mysterious sounds- they heard, but had said that " once a very wicked man lived there, who, after receiving a visit from his brother," a wealthy man of the East, suddenly went away, hone knew whither. Af ter that the house and grounds were held, for sale through an agent." How true thhr~stpry was I did not know nor care. My relatives "pooh poohed^' the whole of it, as well as the visitations, and why should I concern myself in the matter P I only wished to find out the reason for Celia's strange maimer, and to see the contents of the garret chambers, and this I was deter- mined to do, by some hook or crook of fortune. And fate was unexpectedly and un- kindly kind-if I may express it that way- sooner than I dared to hope. ït was evening. Celia and I were under the trees, loitering about in the twilight, discussingjjlans for the morrow, when a - .mah crossed - the lawn and doning his cap to her said: '.'There has been an accident over at -Ü^Méadows/this afternoon, Mies Lisle. \- 3Vlxs. Glynford desu-es you *o -come over" if you can ; it's her husband who is hurt, ma'am, in a runaway." Now, Mrs. Glynford was an. especial friend, and of course Celia must go. jShélooked at me. " Go," said I, thinking pf'the third storey; "go, by all means, for î Ehall get along nicely. I shall write to mamma or read to Aunt Lucia, ' or, tiring of both, retire." - She kissed me fervently at. this, and ran.- off to make ready for ber good Samaritan call. Presently she came, back. "Flossie," she said, "don't take it into your head to explore the garret chambers while I am gone; it wouldn't be pleasant to go wandering about a lot of cold, silent, apartments in the night" (I fancied she shivered) ; " besides, mamma doesn't approve of lights being carried through rae house ; afraid of a conflagration, you know." And she laughed nervously. I concluded to dissemble. "Do you imagine. I am brave enough to stalk that ghost alone in the night watches ?" I asked; " Best assured that I shall keep below " This 'satisfied her, and she walked away toward the house once more. - I stayed under the trees until ten o'clock ; then I went to my room. As I laid my, watch in its case I fell to musing. It -seemed to me that my cousin had. weightier reasons for not taking me to" those, chambers; . or else was over particular, indeed. My rooms were on the ground floor; what Harm would there be in my going to the upper floor and, perhaps, walking the length of the corridor P None. I peeped out into the hall. Everybody was abed; all was still, and the moon- light came softly. through the great windows above, flooding the staircase leading thither with a silvery radiance. "To be afraid on such a night as this !" I ejaculated. " I am going to the corridor, anyway." Suiting the action to the word, I ascended the steps-to the first landing «nd stood a moment peering up to the mysterious corridor above me. The next flight of steps was not long, and soon I found myself on the next floor on the forbidden ground) Three narrow windows lighted up this lonely, silent place rather dimly near the landing where I stood, while the other end of the empty con'idoi' was dark. " Well," I said, "this isn't interesting ; in spite of Aunt Lucia, I believe ; I will bring my lamp." . ? As I tornea to go down I caught sight of the . gleam of lamprUght shining out acrosB the polished floor of the. corridor from under the door of "onë x>t the un- explored chambers. \- Celia had given me to understand that no one occupied this floor, and that the rooms were not even furnished. Sud- denly it dawned upon me that I had come to the mystery! Seized with a startling impression of danger, I started hastily downstairs, hoping to reach my own apartments before being discovered. But before I had 'descended three stete th e door above-opened, «ad a stout £^^sl?!Wff?,^Ä $nkgùtf gojne spot by a curious feeling, as if I were not myself, but another. Slowly and laboriously the man came down the corridor toward me with bis burden. As be drew near I shrank hack in horror; he was half carrying, half dragging the lifeless body of a 1 murdered victim-murdered, I knew, by the gaping wound in his throat, from which the blood still trickled down. I saw it plainly as he passed me in the moonlight on the landing. I held my breath. What nextP Would the stout, villainous-looking wretoh see me and kill me for being an eye-witness to bis awful crime P No; be took no notice of me what- ever, but opened the small door to the attic over the wing, and, dragging the body into the darkness beyond, dis- appeared. Instinctively I looked toward the room from which the lamp-light shone -so brightly only a few minutes before. AU was dark" and silent. I looked .once more to the attic door; it was shut, and I saw that it had not been opened, the bolt above the latch was not dis- turbed. How^ did he get in P. I sat down on the stairs in a'cold sweat. I bad seen--, not flesh and blood, but the Greenbriar "ghost." InvobantarilyÏ shivered and came to. myself again. Somehow I felt that * I had gotten back from somewhere ; the clock in the hall below struck twelve. I tried to rise, but in ' vain. My head swam; I felt queer; the corridor grew black as night above me, and I knew no more.. When ! became conscious, again it was morning-bright, sunny day, and Celia was bathing, my temples. - "He killed bim, I said excitedly looking at Celia, with all the horror of the night before br my eyes. . "Be still, dear," she said, gently; " you are ill, and have been dreaming." "Nb," I said; "I saw him drag the body from the chamber at the end of the corridor, and take it into the attic over the wing on the west; no, Celia, I haven't dreamed it." My cousin gave me a startled look oL inquiry, but said nothing in reply. I could see, however, that she was very much disturbed hy what I said, as she tidied up the room, while I lay watching .her. ' I was ill three weeks from ¿he shock I bad «xperieneed, and, had not; Celia I returned r shortly after midnight . and ; searched for me, it may have been, that this sketch would bave -remained' un- written. ' ; - _' .". ;'.' When I was able to think of .returning home, uncle- came to tne and said " Whatever you saw or thought you saw--". "I did see it, Uncle Hemus," I inter- rupted excitedly. "There, there'1" he said, depre- catingly; "whatever it was that you saw, it doubtless is something not very {»leasaut to. have under your own roof, at east." "And now," .continued be, confiden- tially, " the place is a fine oue, and de I suable save this-this-whatever it is; it will not take long to find a purchaser for Gleñbriar. and the favour I wish, to ask of you, Mossie, is to not mention this experience of yours where it might hurt the sale of the property." , I nodded my bead and said, playfully : " How much hush money will you give me, uncle ?" He looked - at me for a moment, then said, " A hundred dollars, Flossie, if you keep 'mum' until I make a good sale." "Agreed," I exclaimed; '"agreed, ; Uncle fiemos." . j He must bave made a " good sale," for j in six weeks,'after niy return borne, he sent me the required&mount;, and .I «all 1 it the price of the'43rreenbrlar ghost. '. I learned afterwards that through à chain of circumstantial evidence, the, most important of which was finding the skeleton of a man : in the attic of the western wing of Greenbriar, the notori- ous first owner bad been brought to justice and convicted of the murder of his brother. It seemed that his brother was very wealthy, and had brought a fabulous sum of money with him, in- tending to invest it in property in the vicinity of Greenbriar. The wicked brother, finding this out, determined to have lt at any price, and so-took the man's life, secreted the body in the attic, and giving out the victim had returned .borne, sold the property, and -with his price of blood left the place. i After the discovery of the skeleton in the attic and the execution of the red handed murderer, they say the Green- briar ghost walks the lonely corridor no more.-West Lothian Courier. 