f, SO WARDER OF THE REEF.1 CIlAPTElt I.— THE HUILDINYJ OF THE "WAIlDElt." Mr.rlrn Hoard or Port Endfnvour, .l;o cinltu) and chief harbor of Cooks- lar.il, h;l for long turned a doaf cur tO'|)(.;itl3ns liiOHenlcd by muny .shlp- n ..stcn, cotiHtlng and forclan. that tho Cat r.nd Klttena Itccf Bliould ho either l.cll-buoycd or lit from a stationary v;.rcl. the 15o;( rd'H contention wmh t-:;-t. an. the Point Mangrove Light, hr .'.Ydltl'in t-» Its ehlof duty, ;i!ko throw a' i;rcon rny hclwcen the boarltips of S. V,. and H.H.E., four cables emit of the jvi-r, such wax ample warning to enable vcnuels to rlem the dnngcrous Cat tnnl' her family. Two brlfm and a coasting rohooner, b-.d already eoino t«» grief on the Just' awash rocks. Skippers and mates had lost their certificates, and sumo their lives; and all the survivors aware to the nbs-t:iee of -"iho green ray." Hut, as the Heard knew It must have been there, tbe excuse availed nothing. One night, however, tho President of the Ihaid himself, eorn'ng tip from the south la dirty weather on the Palmetto, nil at once was nwr.ker.ml from sleep oy a r.asty thumping und bumping Hurt nearly shook him rait of his bunk. Rushing up on to the, bridge In his pyjamso, he shouted to the skipper — old lack Hayne.-— "VVha'.'s the matter now? -Where Ahe deuce hare you got the »hlj»?"- "Hard and fas., on the Cut and Kit- lens?." replied old .luck, 'calmly. "And now where'n your cusraed green ray, eh?" As a mutter of fan., nothing al all was visible except id smother of white foam leaping with Joyful --ashing; on the fore i part of the little sieamer, soul Point -Mangrove Light bearing exactly as It should have done to enable the Palmetto to clear Hie reef. "Hut I've »een< Hie green light myself muny a timet" i;.\cht!me«l the President. :is he hung- on 'and shivered to wind ward. whilst the ongYiiH rattled and clattered full sj»eeJ aatcrn for all they were worth In a vtshi uUrtnpi to get out of the Cat's ehtws, "So've 1," replied Haynes. pluoidly, "lii clear weather. 'Jut not in a n.»uH'rly smother like this. Just such another night It was Dum my brother Jim inn. on to. 'era In the Star of .ludah. And you broke him Pro- It; and told him he; was no sailor because he couldn't see. your cussed gremi ray. Now, when you get to klngdcxn-comc and meet those other poor u'.rnps ihetv, you'll have to admit that oven Marine Hoards don't know everything." A. ml with a short laugh llie old captain turned away. Hut eventually, the lifeboat coining out to them, thuy ull escaped Just by Hie skin -of their te-'tli, leaving the old Pal metto to be er«rs!rfd to pieces by rocky fangs and claws. And the President being, when con vinced, as he was that night, on the whole a just man, noL only caused the captain's certificate to be returned to him, but saw, too, that he got another ship. Still, to the oral of Ids life, he swore that old Jack H-.tynes hud shoved Ills vessel on to the reef simply because the President of. the Murine Hoard hap,- penvd to be u pdHsenger. However, this wan Hie tittle Incident that quickly caused tenders to be called for the construction, locally, of a bell- buoy. And inasmuch us all young coun tries like big things, this buoy was .to be very big— a -record l>uoy, In fact, carry ing n hell as big as a. drum. Sain Johnson, of the Vulcan Foundry,' was the man who got the contract, not ' becnuse he was the lowest tenderer, but » because he was the only one. Other urtltlccrs fought shy of the tmslncss. Doubtless they could con struct the buoy; but the bell bother ed them. And by the terms of the contract everything was. to" be made within the colony. However, nothing daunted. Sam and his men and his one apprentice went to work, with the re sult that. In a few weeks, a. huge cone of riveted sheet-Iron lay In his yard. Each' apex or the cono was Hat. To the bot tom one was bolted a great staple for the mcorlng-elrjlh; on the top one, hung from a cross-head supported by two up rights, an oblong-shapea fabric of iduntg-metol with. Inside It. a tongue as big as a very big water-l.ollle. This was the bull. And It swung any way lo the lightest touch, giving forth a. dult boom, that Johnson swore could be heard at Flat Island 'Light, twenty miles down the eouat. Take one of those Australian hullook- beils their owners set such store by, raid which resemble In ulmpe nothing so much as. an oval- skied jug. long and narrow, and whose hollow knock, knock can bo lie.vrd a tremendous distance then multiply E Ihdellultely, ami you will have a faint conception of what this great hell wus like. As for the buoy; It was bigger thuu tu»y of Its family to ln». seen In Portsmouth Dockyard,' And there arc some very big ones there. And as It lay on. Its side, with Its third, coat of. bright; red- paint just dry, and its gaping man-hole waiting to- he .hermetically, denied, the Murine Hoard and the harbor-nuiK':ur,.au(l.ull the sea-, farces of the port, ct.mc und Inspeetcd It, ami -pronounced' it "n good Job," and con- gratulatod Its builder, and prophesied Ibal now the Cut nmr Kittens should claim no more victims. - Of course there was a lightship clique who' growled. Hui they were -in (i minority, and. unpopular- because the 1 magic word "retrenchment" was Just at that time In the uliv And a lightship would' he u very expensive mutter, sides, the buoy was u local article inunu- fai'tnrcd neither. In Groat Brltaln-.uor Hornmuy. hut in CookslunU.aiul -pro bably the llrst.'as It certainly wus the biggest,. In .all .tire colonies to . lie-thus made. Therefore, prior to placing It hi poiiltiou; there assuredly must be the 'usual Grealerr British feeding and drink ing to murk' the event, dud show, those Jealous .Southern States what Cooksland could do at a pinch when called upon. And the pretty 'daughter of the Gy.vor- "nor., 'of the great, grim, stone gun!, up \- .thero,pii:t!ie hllLwaH.presently nulqjd to give thu bu'oy a tinmu and break ii'botHe of whie over lis steep sides, 'up and down aiul across which rows of rnuiid-hcudcd rivets van like buttons on a coster's Sun day coat. : ' ' ' Perhaps' a touch of .her' own peculiar environment lent Itsolf lo the suggestion; us, after a' moment's, thought, the Governor's blushing daughter pulled tho. string, and in clear tones, as .the bottle smashed: "I name you the Red Warder. And nuiy '.von over keep faith ful watch and ward, warning with loud voice through' storm and dnrkness the dilps.to avoid the cruel rocks we put you in charge of." ' -Without any preparation, U was pret tily said, and the cheers that greeted the little speech echoed loud and long from many u lusty throat whose owner used the sea. CHAPTE1MI.— THE CONDEMNED CELL. . Meanwhile, above them in the prison over which her father reigned supreme, a man sat In the condemned cell, wull- Ing for death. From far Inland they had brought him, captured by the Black Police, after inueh hunting of that wild' In ml where the Hlg Lignum Swamp runs up nearly to the spurs of the Hasalt Ranges. . , , "Combo" Curler, so called because ot .Ills hnblt of at titnes associating (vlth the blacks, and for long spells living as one of u . tribe, was still quite a' young man— not' yet three - and-, twenty. vUorno at one of the border townships of the hinterland, even as a hoy he had begun Ills career by gaining the reputation of an expert horse-thief. Moving farther out. lie and a gang :of. other rogues had "lived on the game'," as they termed It. I.e., stealing stock and taking them Sooth for sale. Hut this business proving too lame for a born desperado like Carter, h /, one day,, made his appearance in his birthplace bent on bigger mischief. Quite alone, mounted on u splendid horse, and with a couple of revolvers stuck In his belt; ealibage-lrce hat at the back of Ills head; blue shirt, riding-breeches and boots, he rode down Hie dusty single street of the little township -that lay roasting In the fierce western sun. Halt ing In front of the weatherbourd branch bank of Cookslaml. he swaggered Inside,, und at oneo covered the manager with bis pistol, ordered him to "hall up." Hut the other, instead of doing . so, made a dash for u drawer In which was a revolver. Even as he moved, Coinbo shot him dead. Just then the eldest son, a hoy of fifteen, entering, and boldly rushing at the murderer, fell over his father with a bullet through his shoul der. Hut npw some of the townspeople, aroused by the shooting, were making for the bank; and Combo, seising a packet of notes from the open safe, ran .out, and, keeping the people at buy with his pistols, mounted, and rode away In safety. The very next day he robbed .and killed a travelling hawker. Knowing his body into the tilted curl containing the hitter's stock of goods, und selling. the lot on lire. Then, driving the unfortu nate man's horses before him, he had made buck Into the wild fastnesses .of the Hasalt Ranges, to live, there a 'soli tary nhtluw, until, after months of weary tracking and trap-setthig.'ut .hist- the troopers, white and black, hud mude a surround and a capture. Such wmi the man who sul In the condemned cell til Endeavour Card a human tiger, whose face, with Its long, straight, tliln-llpped aloutli, high cheek bones, and silts of restless black, eyes Unit seemed always trying to see each other over the Hut, fleshy noso, formed u fit index to the cruel, brutal character uf its owner. A fair type, "Combo.'.' of the hack-blocks bush-native, who. fears neither God, man, devil, nor any living thing. , . - ' The condemned cell ut Port En deavour Is merely il stone cage with the fourth side— the one that opens on to Hie broad corridor— formed of stout Iron, burs, In which is a wicket gate, Just; large enough . lo admit of - one man' passing through. And here, on the night', lifter the christening of the "Red "Warder," sat Combo Carter, in ,the full, glnre of the electric light,' wulehlug with tigerish eyes the prison guurd ms lie patrolled, rifle on shoulder, the, length uf the - corridor, pausing each lime he came opposite the burs to gluneo at the silent figure within. . Tho man, doomed to die three days hence,, was not handcuffed. Hut a pair of strong though light Irons, with a twu- font'ehnln between them, confined Ids legs. ; Since his conviction the prisoner luul altered nothing from the same sulky Indifference' that had characterised Ids manner throughout. Rejecting with scorn the ministration of thu chaplain, lie cither lay In Ids hammock dozing, or.sut, as now, on the little wooden shelf fixed to/the wall, und with that evil-' looking; hairless, pallid face resting on his hands, watching In a crouched atti tude through half-closed eyes the ceuso- less pacing of the warder. \- The latter, a young Englishman not long Joined the force, had, when occasion offered, been able to. do, several,, little kindnesses lo the convict whose' position, as one for. whom life was getting so terribly short, appealed, In spite of his crimes, to a heart yet unburdened by much experience of prison sights and scenes.'- For the past few- days he had suffered inueh from toothache, and even now his Jaiv was bound with a flannel bandage. Also,' when ho hud relieved 'the hist guard ho hud cusuully men-; tinned to him the fact of his having procured lenvo lo go Into the town that night and have the tooth drawn.- His 'watch was nearly over — only another half-hour or so more— when, passing the condemned cell, he saw. sduiethliig that drove all other thoughts but of his mind. '.Willi u gurgling, choking sound, his logu'ifppuronlly drawn tip clear .uf the floor, Coinbo was hanging by a suddlo- slrap he used as a belt from one of the Iron : hooks1 of his hammock. A n older, hunci might iiavo paused a moment; for never, until now, hud the .prisoner shown the Idiiat' Inullnutlon towards suicide, 'moutliliig, Indeed, with nmny oaths, Ids delermlnaHon to "die game." Hut Ash- .toti, laying aside his ride, hurriedly, 'pushed. hack the patent sprln;. of thu vleket, and In ' his eagerness , ulmost .tuiiiblt'il Into the cell. He .had. better have 'entered n' tiger's. I li a second the murderer was, upon him with the whole weight of his long, lithe body, bearing -hlmYdown; and the sinewy hands gripping his neck like a vice, and throttling the' life out of him oven before they fell. ' , . / , At lust, relaxing, hls flereo grasp, the. prisoner rose and kieked heavily ut.lhe 1 motionless thing' that, with wide-open mouth and protruding eyes and tongue, , stared- blankly at him. Then, giving. a grunt of satlsfaellon ns he saw that Ills >vork' was complete, he- searched - the dead man's pockets; and, soon finding 'what hy sought, unlocked his leg-Irons. Then, " peering ' Into - the- enrrldor, Jiu 'listened' Intently. Hut not' a sound broke the slleneu .except tho purring of u distant dynamo. He, long ago, had lioa'rd the report of the nine o'clock gnu from the battery on Flugstaff HUI. and knew that lie had, therefore, not inueh : time to spare. Rapidly and thoroughly lie wihit about his business; until, once again, a sentry Willi muflled face and .ahouldered flHe paced slowly up and ! down, pausing every now and then to glance into the cell where, over one side of ttiu straining hummock, a glimpse could be gained of a manacled leg. Hiiddeilly bis eye was caught hy a while, square object on the floor: of the cell; and, re-entering, he carelessly plekodup a card and threw it into the hammock. If. he had but known-! \--CHAHTER " JIL— A'ilARHOR OF . : . ItEFlJpK. . "Oeh, be Jybers, me poor man. un'' ' Is, ut-so bud agin, thin? Ay, sliure, I see' the brute's there all might. Hednd, an .the. muter his neck's stretched the siiiier. we'll be ut puce agin. Now off wld ye, an' git the rotten thing out." ' Thus Relief-Constable Kultivan to tH« man with Ids swathed face in No. t corridor, who, peaked cap drawn over Ids brows, and handkerchief lo his mouth, seemed able to do nothing hut shake. his head and groan, whilst point ing lo Hie coll In token that all was well with Ills charge. Along the passage and ' down some stairs, and through another passage, all brilliantly lit, went the. sham constable, ono hand lo, his face, grasping his rifle with 'the oilier. At the end of the last passage was a covered yard, at the fnr- t her. side of which lie could see the great Iron entinnee-pnle of Ihegaot, through wlmse bars a big, round, while, moon seemed to glnro Inquisitively, so close she looked. And now the road to freedom appenrcMl clear; anil, by Instinct, depos iting Ids rifle In the arm-rack on the left hand of the hnll-way, he turned towards the little open gate to the right of the main entrance, always burred, this lat ter, except to admit the prison van— "Hlaelt Maria," Hut ono does not got out of Port En deavour Gaol so easily— liound or free ! The Governor, an old Army colonel— martinet, and, therefore, In the regard of Ills men,, faddist— saw io that. Thus, as Hie escaping felon stepped to the wicket, coolly exultant, and '.sniffing the fresh night' air with all the eugerness of oiie' long coidlned, a man issuing from the lighted guard-house said: "IluUoa, Axhton! Off to have It out? Well, it's the only cure. (Jive mo your pass till' I clock you,", and he extended- Ills hand. The cold sweat started In beads from .the. other's forehead as, to gain time, he uiumbled Indistinctly, and groped with one hand lit his pockets for the thing that now Mashed Into his mind with fntul certainty was not there. Idiot, ass, that he was! The card, doubtless, that- . he had pulled out of the fellow's pocket with the key of the Irons,' and neglecting to even glnnee at, hud thrown Into . the hummock! "Lett. It In -your rooni, eh?" queried tho other, Jokingly, "Well, my son. you'll have to find It, tooth orn.» tooth. It's worth my jacket to let you out without It.' Now, then, oft" you go ami get youi: 'ticket.'; ' ; / v.y\;.;; That.' however/wait more than even" he dure do; 'although, for a moment, .Hie thought occurred . In him lo return and 1 kill Sullivhii, ami then possess himself of the puss lying oti the dead body In the ' hummock. Hill lie was now unurmed. .Sulllvun was a big, powerful man. No. plainly, :there wus nothing for it but ii d:isii, ( ' . : Where lie stood wus somewhat In. shadow. , Even" iiow, ' Sullivan might litive t'ukon It hitq his head to have ; a look at. his prisoner. He' could heur. steps approaching. The constable on duty wiis, too, he thought, eyeing him siuipiciously. In'u second Ills resolution was taken. From the shadow of the porch he might still have made a dart, preserving Ills incognito, his .escapade set down to pain, and the knowledge that he had lost his pass. All these al ternatives' flitted across his brain In a space of 'time measurable hy u dozen heart-heats. Iteullsliig that his ease was desperate indeed, all the old murderous bravado ruse up strong and fierce within him. He begun to see -red. Armed, he .would have killed the man who stood there In his path, us he hud so . lately killed the oHicr one. Suddenly, tearing oIT his bandages and pushing Gils cap away from his eyes, he thrust a distort ed, furious face Into the light. The guard stepped hack appalled, and tho . next minute a crashing blow from Hie other's (1st sent him reeling to Hie ground. An other minute, ami the murderer wjm through the gate und speeding along the road lo the town, anicle-deep In powdery dust Hint rose In white clouds into the white moonlight.- Elp, zip, plug. ping, entile the huilQts. lis the incii bu the watch-towers 11 red at the Hying form, whilst the grcut hell rang out sharp and quick; and hurrying, hiilf-dressetl warders snatched; up their Martinis and inn; 'firing as they went at thu pillar nf'diiHt ahead. ' /" IMitg, ping; szz. hz«! How the bullets hissed and whistled past htm down the hill, kicking up little' splotches of dust far in front!- And how Unit Infernal' hull rung! lie hated bells! Always had done so. since the old days at Arawatta homestead, when a" hoy, at the call of one; he' rose at' dawn' to tramp; through the. wet grass 'after the slalioit saddle- 'horses. If ever he owned a Httutlnn,,he'd take gotid .care" to have , a night-horse kept hi. Ah! that was a hit! He could feci the, blood running down his leg.lnto his hoot. If. hd only had hold of the fel low that Hred lhc shot! '' 'iTe did not hi the least know where hu was iriuklng for, never having been at the' port before, nor. Indeed, anywhere except '.'Out buck"; .hut slll he k'ept.go- lngt and ;stIU, the laillelH'sung. past him uiid peeked ut, the diist In, Trout. Thu wuy- lay, till' ddWh. hill. In front of him lie couki sue the. harbor, und , the masts of the shipping,, clear In thu moonlight. Hclthid hlin.hu could hear the . inuflled tramp of innny steps. Hu felt weak, and staggered once or twice. All ut once ho becauiu aware of shouts coming lowurds hint.". Hut by, this he. wus ut the. Toot' '.of the sleep descent on the; brow of . which wus placed the -gaol. To the right the road wound towards the heart of the. to\vn. : To the left close to the Hen-beach, were soihe sheds und 'yards, stacks of thhhtV.'Jeltlea; and ii small cuasteiv/nr whs. rising abend, evidently from 'police 'or townspeople' urouaud by the Or-, big iiii(l.>eli:rhiKhig,.and hnHtenlnB-.,.to wards ihe gdol. .It wus worse Hiun use- loss'.to go on".' The rifles were quiet now. Where he crouched,. In the shadow of- a paling fenee,. his pursuers could not see hlim A storm, too was coming up, and Mack clouds were already- throwing their reflection on tho white groundrRls- Itig, 'lie crept along the fence, till, finding a broken palljifr. he tore It. .out und squeezed' ilhr'ougb. lib was hrtf ynrd:J a loiig shed, from which rose a chimney, -took UP line' side. There was a smell of hot Iron and fresh paint in the air; his feet crunched .cinders. Right ' nguhmt Mm" loomed a big, curiously-shaped mass' .whoso possible use puzzlud him as he limped Into the'sliadow of It, atul gave It a moment's vague speculation, whilst heavy rain-drops splashed hollowly on Its Iron skin. At the height of his shoul der was an aperature hlg enough for hhn to gel through, and. so Into the belly of the thing lie could hoar his pursuers cursing the gloom nt the other side ol .the fence. Just lis well In there as any where ulse! And putting all his strength Into tho effort he drew himself up hy his wrists until he got his bend Inj.ond then, holding on by a eross-stay, he wriggled Ills whole body through. lie was' a tall man; hut swinging from the stay he could touch no bottom. De ciding to letgo, he, however, only hud to drop some tijree feet. And wherever : > he sat he sat -on a slope, a mutter that seemed so funny to hltii tliu; h" laughed uloud. vvhllM the lightning Hushed and the thunder rouroil, and the tropical ruin fell In streaming sheets over his refuge- kept, dry by reason of the entrance he- big on the under side. The hiee.«a»t lightning Illumined his cavern nmthiu- ously, enabling him to discover that his wound was not serious— a bulli't hud passed through the Meshy part of hl.s thigh: and tearing up a kerchief he found In the pocket of the constabulary tunic, he soon extemporised an cfllrlcnt bandage. I n another pocket lie en me across a plug of tobacco, of which, tak ing a good chew, he lay back and stolidly nwallcd whnt fortune might .have fur ther in store for hhn. CHAPTER IV.— THE MOORING OF "TIIE WARDER." , In spite of his wound, .which smarted, Comho Garter slept, until awakened hy voices at the mouth of Ills shelter, where Sain Johnson and a group of his men .were conversing., "It's the 'most extraordinary thing ever heard of!" remarked Johnson. "He's disappeared as If he was a ghost." "The storm did It'' said another. "He got liwny under cover of that, with tho traps .close at his heels." . "Hut where to?" asked a boyish voice. "Tho police swear they were close to him when the storm broke— Just near our fence herf. I wouldn't have him escape for the worth of my right hand! I can't help fancying, yet. he's planted some where nlM>ul the waterside. If you don I mind, Mr Johnson, I'll Just huvc one more look." , "Loqknnd welcome. Mauler Stratum, - replied the owner of 'the foundry. ."TJut every corner's been turned upside down, und no sign. I believe, my self. he's collured u boat, and Is out at. sen by this time." At the name, of Stratton the hidden listener. laid pricked up his; ears. Could this ho the son of the bunk munager that he hud shot, after killing his father? It was. funny If such should he the euse. And he wiis not left'long In doubt. "ISibr young chap," remarked one of the inen; "I knew hls'fulher well, ufote that brute Coinbo did foVlm.' Plugged tii? kiddy, too, didn't be. boss';".' 'Wounded him badly," replied John- ion.; "His mother wanted 'him 'to taken billet In Hie bank after he came out of the hospital. They offered him one at once, hut he couldn't bear Hie notion. So they apprenticed him to the.' Smart and 'handy- he's turned out,, too. Did- must of the wiifk on the lied Warder -here, be- Mldejs'iltiiwiti' the plami for hhn. Now. lads, some of you go up to. the Marine Storeyard und get the trolly to put the Warder 'on. They're going to tajtc hhn out .In the afternoon, .us .soon as pour AKlitun's burled," " "Yes. decidedly." thought the mur derer, hardly able to repress u chuckle, as he crouched' u wuy from .the circular globe of light. "It won funny that tho son 'of the. man he hud shot boeiuwe lie wouldn't 'pill up Ids hunds when ordered .'should have boon the one tu-huve the biggest share In building this splendid . hklhig-pluce No one would'over dream of searching In there. That was evident. At nightfall he would come out. and. If IjeVuuld but steal a horse," he might yet ho able to onup his lingers tit them ull. And they were, apparently, going to take the thing he was in "away somewhere. , Up." country; perhaps un the railway. Likely enough it wus a sort of new- ; fancied tank for use on a- nta-;!on; maybe to dip. sheep" In. If they'd only drop a hit of tucker in, he'd ho lixod.rlght'up to the knocker. Hut. failing that, tho bae- cu'd have to stund him. So ran the villain's thoughts, us " already. . In Ids pilnd's eye he saw himself once more free, 'tint! hack again in his old haunts, or even farther out— right ncroHS to the Territory. « Hy-und-by, he heard a voice close to the hole siiy: "No hows?" "None," wua'the reply, In 'the same youthful tones which he recognised tut young' Stratum's.' " I'orl. Endeavour's been' searehed from top to bottom with out mieccs'fl. Now a party lias gone In land, and. another one down the harbor along ouch shore. I came buck bocnusu I" thought the 'Warder') lid was a trllle Idg for the slot, und I knew the Hoard people wouldn't care about being kept waiting now thoyWe, pot their moorings ready at thu reef." .'. Then there was a sound of chipping as of u cold chisel upon linn, and, presently, something was. clapped into the man hole, tilting so closely ns'to show not the faintest gleani of light. Suddenly t?io buoy was' 'rolled over, shaking and bruis ing Its occupant considerably, and caus ing him to mutter deep curses as. he picked himself up and sought vainly for something to hold on to. Thu. darkness was; Intense, and the heat, engendered hy the sun healing on the iron plates all the inqrnlng,' grow almost unbearable how that the only opening wus closed. Jn dcspemtlon, thu wretch slipped off his clothes ami lay naked upon them, with the hot. Iron burning Ids skin wherever It'. touched. All at oriee he fell that his shelter had been lifted up bodily, and was moving. The heat grow Jlereer, and the sweat poured off him like rain.', Hut he set his teuth and suffered It. Present ly lie felt the thing he was hi moving with, n new motion. Swinging, through the.alr, this time; whilst a dim puttie enine.to his 'oars. This was whop the Warder was being hoisted on lii the Marine Hoard tender Thetis, Captain Jlnyncs; ami t|ie rattle was the noise of her slqum vvlnelu L '.It grew somevvhul cooler now; -Rut, presently, uuother and un' altogether novel motion puzzled him. He'hud cer- luliily never experienced anything like it .before. It 'was 'not that of u railway. And.yv.kai could he making hlm pmit so distressfully, Ami 'draw his breath with pitch dllHculty? Air, air, In Heaven's luun'e! He fumbled vainly about In the inky blackness for the lid ho hud seen them put on, bruising Ids lingers and .touring Ids .hulls against cleiiolied.rlyelH. Rut heiiad lost all sense of locidlly. uud .kept- groping, upwards Tor the manhole jvhen It wits, lu fact, under Ids feet. Nor 'would il have availed him any could he have found It — cunningly turned and slotted, arid caulkcil with red lead and oakum,; already us hard as ndanmnt. Denser and denser grew the atiposphere; his. hreiith' eame and went In-.wlieezy 'jmnRntKh .'There wnij a weight as of tons prt&Hlng; on his chest; uiid hls"iiCHrlrdf his ribs like a hammer 's For, perhaps, tho first time in Ids life, terror came .upon him. Where wus he? What was being done to him? 'And us )ie staggered hero anil there, bruised and bleeding, against the hot sides of his pri son, ;gnsping for breath, all ut once his feet touched the. murdered 'eohstafdeii Jiundcuffs that, together wlllv Ids belt, he hud put on years ago— It seemed— In gaol. Picking them up, he Imiteredwilh nil his feeble, sobbing mlghtngiilnst the iron" plates or the dreadful Irup In which .he -had been stiured. ' .Suddenly 1 ho thing changed Its posi tion to un upright one, and lie fell head long to 4hc. bottom of it and lay there doubled up. tho. burning heat of his body turned lu a moment to chilling cold; his chest- felt lis If. It were bursting, and strunge, Hunting shapes rushed hither ntid thither before his slitting eyes. The dismal tolling of a bull, too, In his ears' ' Ah, how he hated bolls! ... Dlng- dong-dong-dinK! . . . Now he knew. . . . They had hanip.-d him at last. That waii-the. prbon bell. .... He wasn't quite duu! jvi, .though. Swinging ut the elld of the j-jpe. . Curse them nil!" "Didn't you fancy yuti hoard some thing rattling and .knocking whenW-o lowered die Wnidi-r over the. side. HaynesV" asked the President- or the Marine Hoard as the Thetis steamed homewards from the Cat and Kittens. "JUvel heads and an odd bolt or two." replied Iho skipper, shortly, easting, a look hack to where tin? great red buoy swung well out of the water, rocking and nodding to a westerly cross-swell, whilst lo their ears cmhu- very distinctly the sullen booming of the hell.— "Strand Magazine." 