HOCUS PIOCUS -IN ART. HOW SOME PERSONS WHO THINK THEY KNOW ARE SWINDLED. Queer Tricks PraeIeed by Men Who Make a Living With Ir.cnl and IIrsh--C:r toooelst With More Than One Naam--Ome Who Made RIs Oollst Fameas. Artists who sign their names to plo uares that other men paint are quite I plentiful in this town. In a little store on Fourth avenue, just around the cor aer from the American Academy of De sign, there are some veary pretty exam plea of water coloring for sale. The signature in the corner of each canvas is that of a wonmn. The dealer was in I a communicative Boo th othsr day, and as he was talking wlt6 a reporter he picked up one of the paintings and held it to the light for obserration and discd"sion. 'That woman brings somevery good work in here for me to sell," said he. 'There is one peculiarity about her, though. She always writes her aigns ture in my shop." The dealer paused as though to be questioned. "Why does she do that ?" was asked. 'Well, I suppose ashe doesn't like to put it on at the studios where the pie tures are painted." "She doesn't paint her own picture., then?" . "'No all of them. it'sra?er to pick themn up here and there and bring theta I to moo to sell I don't know how muchb she pays the artists who paint them, and I don't care. It's none of my busines. AII'I know isthrt the work is very good and that I can get good prices for it. I suppose she is building up a reputation on theatrength of these canvases. Well, why shouldnu't she? She gives work to a.lot of people who would probably astre otherwise. Yon sce, cv-cre of persons can paint pictures and very few have the knack of getting them sold." Sometimes an artist signs more than one name to his own work. This hap pens every day on some of the illustrat ed wccklies published for Broadway circulation. The publisher doesn't like to see one man's name signed to every cartoon or toll page picture. He does not want it known that his staff of art ists is so small. Not long ago one of the cleverest of the illustrators ued to sai his own name to the big two page picture in the middle of the periodical and a nam de plume to the first page drawing every week. In a little while he began to receive letters addressed to the assumed name, giving orders for work and full of compliments. He had burilt up a reputation for the mythical artist which he could not get for him self. His pride was hurt. but he swal lowed the hubnmiliation and proceeded to increase the fame and the revenue of his ghost. A New York artist whodraws for the pictorial weeklies tells a story of his experience in England at a time when all the publishers were demanding French illustrators and had no use for native talent. This particular artist knew that he could cut corsages as low and skirts as high as any Frenchman that ever lived. He had spent several vacations and lots of hard earned mon ey in seeing the particular side of Pa risian life that the publisher were bowl ing for at that particular time. He assumed a very Frenchy name, wrote in that language altogether and submitted his sketches, which already out-Prenched the Frenchman in their naughtiness. He made a big hit, his mail order were numeroasa and for many maths be enjoyeds lucrative in come under his title of De Boulanger or whatever it was, while all the other English illastrators were drawing for the religious weeklit, which cannot afford to pay halt as big prices to their artist as their more wicked and per bapg more interestia contemporasie. In the wiadow of a -pictue store ia Warlem there wer espad for sale not tag ago two small canvas with the gionaame of Corot in thearner. The aL of each was 4350. Now, a pa a ot tois worth sanywhr frim $1, Su a, Was it a mista or anat .-Smp at swindling? The plater were t Ctorat's style, and caly an eapsA semid Mt whether they werem/ ssa r guaraate.Be Esmid e be d the tw anavasme were gemia, sad he qi"a' ead th. low pie, by yla thatri he bsbt the pi*ees fatma.m Ie bhal tgch who'was ignoeuat f thetir vlnw ,Tbe' prcaser tookali the risk If tha plietur weren et gepnla Cork t tslr real vale. we asywhere feem P to $G. That le me a f thMe gqw thas who hae asen m s lp :int a pleo un e rswi?nling m se.,the one etedalo? s i .sh l to his SIt t [ ais at e at s cor a for as. a ,psased with a . i aa .,htS l a-afoaL prrin eor the S gal. woeth 5t. 1' .easl'uihhla tht dfsrseanbewlt.ba'b.r t lt the sthe worth. "the new'If e~ u( 