Mr. Gladstone' said to Tollemaclie that, however splendid tlie talents of Huxley, he could never be classed with men of genius. In this tlie statesman showed that he entirely differed from Matthew Arnold that genius is merely an infinite capacity for takiDg pains. And probably the general voice of mankind will agree with Gladstone that there is an unbridge able line betwixt men of talent and men of genius. The man of eminent talent is generally distinguished by what our Ameri can friends call a strong horse sense. There may he very little of Hash and sparkle about him — scarcely anything at ordinary times to distinguish him from the common herd of humanity. It is simply found at some time or other that he has chosen a coarse with sound judgment, measured his means accurately, and per formed what he set out for himself. With the Genius it is quite different. He is a creature of morbid moods and fancies, liable to spirts of mental exaltation and fits of corresponding depression. In the beat and glow and inspira tion of his creative faculties be may catch and convey a glimpse almost of the infinite in beauty, pathos or power, just as Coleridge wrote Kubla Khan in a trance and Byron composed a canto of The Bride of Abydos while undressing after a ball. It seems in the very nature things that Genius must be allied with a condition of mental unsoundness, since the very altitude of its flights compels by an inexorable law of compensation a corres ponding declension. There is a controversy just now in some of the British periodicals concerning the liability of music to make its votaries mad. It. seems singular that such a question should be raised concern ing music, seeing that its charms are said to qnell the angry and to soothe the savago. Indeed, some of the London Hospitals havo been carrying on experi ments with a view to ascertain "if there be not veritable curative qualities in music. At the London Temperance Hos pital, it is said, musio has been shown to tranquilise 50 per cent, of the patients, and in 70 per cent, of them the tempera ture has been reduced and pain assuaged. Experiments in the Zoological Gardens havo had a similar result. This, however, does .not dispose of the case. If music may soothe, may it not also exasperate 7 If the evil spirit was driven out of Saul by the soft tones of David's harp, is not the soldier roused by tlie spirit stirring fife to the highest' fighting pitch of ' that " splen- " did ferocity" which at least one of our musicians so much desiderates 7 It secni's quite certain that, like other remedies, music has both action and rcaotion.- A Rus sian named Doziel lias been making some industriousresearches into the physiological effects of mnsic, and lie concludes that : — 1. Music exhibits an undoubted influence on the circulation of the blood. 2. That this influence sometimes causes the blood pres sure to rise, and at other times to fall. 3. That the action of musical tones and pipes on tlie lower animals and on men expresses itself for the most part by increased fre quency of the beats of the heart. 4. That the variations in the circulation consequent on musical sounds coincide with changes in the breathing, though they may also be observed quite independently of it. 5, 6, 7. That the variations in the'hlood pressure are dependent on the pitch and loudness of the sound, and ou the tone color. 8. That in the variations of the blood pressure, the pecnliarities of the individuals — whether men or lower ani mals — are plainly apparent, and even nationality in the case of man has some effect. Here, then, if these scientific observa tions be true, we reach the conclusion that musio on susceptible temperaments is a positive intoxication, which, in the tempest of its influence, brings to the surface all the lower and inferior qualities of the individual,' just as in some cases alcohol does. The blood pressure from musical vibration throws up tlio peculiarities of the man as " wine " babbles." In that case a musical genius, instead of being one of those lofty souls who stand nearest heaven and catch its harmonies the first, comes down in our estimation to be a bundle of morbid ner vousness which every sound may play upon. And many examples seem to justify that opinion. Theodor Billroth, a famous German physiologist, relates that once, when he heard a soprano singer attack a high note a quarter of a tone too high, he. immediately felt a violent pain in a tooth which had never before given him any trouble. Next day he called on a dentist, and a small hole was discovered in the tooth. The false note of music, jarring on his supersensitive ear, had found out the nerve and wrenched it. Need we look any further for the morbid irritability which is said to distinguish the professors of the science of harmony? Mozart passed a life in which misery was the predominant strain,' and under the monomania that all the Italians wanted to poison him. Schumann was haunted by the ghosts of spectral melodies, and died in a private lunatic asylum at Bonn, after two years' confinement. Mendelssohn is said to have confessed that the hearing of national airs irritated him almost to mad ness ; and the names of lesser musical lights, in which the thin partition that divides genius from madness has been broken through, are legion. Nor is this remark confined to musical genius. Scho penhauer, who was himself subject, says i-omoroso, to all tne symptoms that lead up to insanity, says " People of genius " are not only nnpleasant in practical life, " but weak in moral sense and wicked. . ". . Such men can havebut few friends ; " solitude reigns on the summits. . . . " Genius is closer to madness than to " ordinary intelligence. . . . The " lives of men of genius show how often, " like lunatics, they are in a state of agi- " tation." The dictum of Schopenhauer -is confirmed by what we know of the mental- and moral aberrations of eminent musi cians, whose Bohemian tastes form no small part of their attractiveness. Not to speak of poets like Byron, Poe, Cole ridge, Shelley and Chaucer, in all of whom the unsound part became at times unpleasantly visible, Lombroso quotes for us amongst mad men of genius Lamb, Comte, Baudelaire, Tasso, Swift, Newton, Rousseau, Schopenhauer and many others, leading us to read an enlarged meaning into the Wordsworthian philosophy that — He is ol t the wisest man Who is not wise at all. At any rate, if all these piteous penalties wait on the sublime in poor human nature, we are almost forced to the con clusion that it is a kind of visi tation of Providence to he a genius, and' more especially a musical genius. Indeed, it seems to be not at all an infrequent occurrence to find abnormal capacity in one direction burdened with a species of idiocy in another, so that it has passed into a proverb that your genius is often a fool amongst moil of. the world. It is an axiom that if one wants to read a good article on musie he. must never go to 'a'musical maga zine. Does this account for the circum stance that some musicians who may be quitccapablo in a Conservatorium of Music are. absolutely destitute of the faoulty of verbal rhythm or of distin guishing commonplace vulgarity from poetry ?. Dr. Johnson was not altogether without justification when he seemed to boast tbat lie was insensible to tbe power of music. When Boswell remarked on his own extreme snsceptihility to it, so that it would cause him to rush into any dan ger, Johnson remarked: "Sir, I should "never hear it if it made me such a "fool!" But, as we have seen here amongst our selves, there are musicians and musicians, perhaps the tnadand the sane. De Quincey derided the idea of mere song writing. He would not dignify such work with the name of music. He said that we might as well compare a park lodge with the Pantheon. Yet if music is an art, like painting and poetry, by means ot which to express and interpret ltnman feeling, this condemnation of popular music is the veriest of nonsense. Stephen Foster, it is said, after listening to some gossip amongst negro grooms about " the old folks at home," wrote Way Down Upon the Swannee River, and the public, musical and unmusical, bought in a few years 400,000 copies of his song. That simple melody must have touched some true chord of nature before the public pulse would vibrate after such a fashion. And then, as against De Quincey's scorn of common mnsic, there runs the story of tbe American "publisher and the composer. The song writer said— " The musical critics have all " spoken highly in praise of it." "Tut, " tut, my dear sir," replied the man of business ; " the opinions of the critics do " not count at all. Have you tried the " song on tlio oflice boy 7" There's the rub. Does the music touch the lifo 7 To him who makes the lyre Interpret lite, Innumerous lives, converging, sum his own, Joy, sorrow, hope and fear. If it fails in this interpretation, it fails utterly ; aud in the composer himself that failure, liko a " sweet bell jangled out of "tune and harsh," shows liim, 'as in the lives of so many eminent ones who havo rushed madly against the more balanced judgment of mankind, that "that way ".madness lies." " Is Lord Reaoansficld's biography ever. " to be given to the world 7 Not in our "time at any rate, if wo may judge " by tlio signs. Perhaps Lord Row- " ton finds . . . his personal dig- " nity enhanced by those mysterious ' llittings to Windsor and Osborne, " where he is understood to be comparing " manuscripts and revising proofs with an " Illustrious Personage." Thus tlie ohatty Mr. George Russell speculated last year, but, well informed as he was, lives to soe his prediction falsified. We now havo tlie public intimation that the biography is to be undertaken at once, and that the Private Secretary of the great Prime Minister has formally deputed the task of writing the life of his revered, master to — Mrs. Craigie I The choice, to -say the least, is sin gular. Mrs. Craigie is a " lady with a " past," not in the least discreditable, hut certainly remarkable. Of American birth, but English training, as. "John Oliver " Hobbes" she has proved herself one of the wittiest and most epigrammatic of the younger . novelists of the George Mere dith school. Modern in style to the very finger tips, she has justified the cynicism with which she regards the marital rela tion by recently obtaining a divorce from an unfaithful husband, upon whom she hod lavished a wealth of sincere affection. Under stress of this shock to her affec tions she formally transferred her faith to the Roman Catholic Church, and sought refuge from the wicked world in the re tirement of a London convent. From tlience she speedily emerged as the authoress of a sparkling comedy whose brilliancy lias set all London talking, and of a new novel in which tbe liero, after changing his creed, as she has, wins a seat in the Commons as a Conservative, and lights like a knight-errant in Spain for the Carlists. He is a devout disciple of Disraeli, the then Premier depicted in the story, in his final pose 'as the sphinx statesman, far too clever for the stupid Anglo-Saxons whom he condescends to pilot. Mr. Zangwill, a brother Hebrew, recently painted hint with more incisive vigor and far less glamor, as composite of craft, and power, of brass and gold — a fidelity which Lord Rowton has not appreciated. He lias preferred the lady's brush dipped in idolatry to prepare an official portrait for the shrine of the Primrose dames. Perhaps, too, he realised that a career which was a romance in itself required to lie written from the point of view of a romancer. Sir Charles Duffy's conclusion that Dis raeli was a man of letters in the first place and a. politician in the second possesses some elements of truth. It was as poet and novelist that he first set out to take the world by storm, and he never ceased, to be governed by an author's ambitions. Even in his later years, though, like all public men, he lived for power, he sought to sustain it by what may be termed lite rary means ; the careful fashioning of phrases to catch tha popular ear and the creation of dramatic effects by stage de vices. His speeches, carefully prepared and often piratically appropriated, were studded with epigrams and with passages of burnished, but tawdry, imagery. When his juvenile poems succeeded only as satires, and his novels because of their verve and boldness of contemporary por traiture, he turned the same talents upon tlio field of public life. Here they were more conspicuous, and their results less ephemeral. By the magnificent Delhi Durbar which proclaimed the Qneen Empress of India j by the summoning of Sepoy soldiers to the Mediterranean ; by bis naval demonstration in support of the Turk, and his seizure of Cyprus as a spoil of treaty, he shot the Quaker-like sobriety of' -British policy with Oriental colors. It was partly because his bizarre abilities were not . sufficiently prized by readers of his books that he flung -himself into the arena of- practical politics, acting in real life the part he would have imagined for his hero, substituting plots of party for intrigues of fiction, and pouring into after dinner speeches or political harangues the wit and sarcasm sharpened by his early failures. A political soldier of fortune, a good general and a great debater, little scrupu lous of the banner under which he fought or the troops he led, he deliberately shaped and reshaped himself to the neces sities of his time and position. In another age or another country he would havo adopted an entirely different role. Con summate actor as he proved to be, it was only after a series of practically un successful essays that ho elaborated the character in which be commanded crowded houses, fame and fortune. What a gulf separates the fiery Israelite of Bohemian tendencies, deliberately employing the arts of Alcibiades to advertise himself, from the established friend of royalty, the patron of dull peers and dreary squires in Tory- dom I Contemporary memoirs first dis cover him to us as a dandy./buck " in a " black velvet coat lined with white satin, " gorgeous gold flowers on his splendidly " embroidered waistcoat, green velvet trou- " sers, and wearing jewelled rings outside " his white gloves." He talked " like a race- " horse approaching the winning post, " every muscle in action, and the utmost " energy of expression." In later descrip tions we discover " a shrunken, elderly, "silent and impassive country gentleman " in black frock coat, drab trousers and "black cravat." At first we are confronted with an interloper of alien race and of bad taste, tempering his radical opinions with Semitic sneers at representative in stitutions ; then with a daring leader rely ing upon bold strokes at home and ambi tious schemes abroad for liis popularity. At last we leave him the chosen chief of a proud aristocracy of the landed gentry and the commercial magnates of the realm ; the leader of the greatest of Parliaments and the most trusted coun sellor of its sovereign, wielding in his' Cabinet and outside of it that personal autocracy which had always formed his ideal. He had but one rival, whose loss civilisation lias jast deplored, and with him he waged no common strife, upon no petty field — Like fableil ?ods, their mighty war Shook realms and nations in its jar. Mrs. Craigie's taste for paradox and sensationalism will find ample food in the events of this chequered life. Her love of spice and dash may evon encourage her to criticise his favorite " make-up " as the man of impenetrable aim and profoundest mystery. She should also be qualified to appreciate tbe cynicism which of all his traits appears the most genuine, perhaps because most justified by his experience. It is unnecessary to compare him with Mr. Gladstone in any aspect, but it is matter of notoriety that the greatest of English Liberals was little loved at court. His conversation is said to havo been lofty, formal, conducted in an oratorieal manner. " ' Ho speaks to me as if I was " ' a public meeting,' is a complaint which " is said to have proceeded from illustrious " lips." Disraoli, who could bo equally dignified when nddressing her Majesty, never made the mistake of forgetting that it was a woman who wore the Crown. Ho relieved their intercourse, accord ing to Mr. Russell, with chatter about water color drawings and tlio third cousin- ships of German princes. That he secured her affections is manifest from the inscrip tion to his "dear and honored memory," by "his grateful and affectionate sovereign "and friend," which is carved in Hughen- den Church. Yet it was lie who bluntly confessed to Matthew Arnold : — "I am a " llattoror. I havo found it useful. Every- "ono likes flattery ; and when you como "to royalty you should lay it on with a "shovel." Royalty repaid him with a chisel. , Affection for. his wife, loyalty to his race and dauntless courage in political warfare are qualities in Lord Beaconsfield for which Mr. Gladstone oonfessed his ad miration. Of these tlie domestic worship, strong racial allegiance and fidelity of his party were the reward. Mrs. Craigie, in her novel, ventures to picture him attending a Carbolic Chapel I All ceremonial, sacred or secular, undoubtedly had attractions for him ; but what will she say to bi3 Vatican pamphlet, "Lothair"? Equally free from thedogma- tic beliefs and creeds' as from the party ties and cries of his time, he remaiucd as mucli a foreigner in London as Louis Napo- leon did in Paris. The facial mask, the enigmatic utterance, the despotism on a democratic basis, which as part of the stock in trade of the one adventurer assisted him to a Premiership, robed his fellow in Imperial purple. Both fell, never to rise again, and both accepted the fall with characteristic imperturbability. Bnt the political dynasty of Disraeli reigns to-day in Britain, while that of Napoleon appears to have altogether faded oat of France. 