HOW NOT TO DEVELOPS ! THE GOLDFIELDS. EXEMPTION EXTRAORDINARY. If confidence is to be restored in the mining industry of this field and of this colony the wild-cat companies must be cleared out of the way. Companies whose only title to existence is the pay- ment of rent on a large surface area within the Hannans belt should not be given undue latitude for escaping the responsibilities they undoC^Jíí v,«* 3&«tF lease titles being granted, and simul- taneously, opportunities for market rigging. Recently, in Kalgooilie Warden's Court, six: months' exemption was recommended on twelve of the As- sociated Southern Company's leases. On what grounds it was granted it is hard to say. On the whole 200 acres owned by the company there is not a shaft of any respectable depth, and as for general prospecting work it is about nil. The plea of want of capital shonld not be countenanced, as the nominal capital of the company stands at £375,000, of which .£50,000 was set aside as working capital. Tile Associated Southern comprises a really delightful selection of leases. The Monument of 48 acres and the Delorah of 18 are situated in the wild I waste between the regular line of leases on the belt and Esperance. The Great Southern Boulder, of 82 acres, is in close proximity, and shares a like rustic position to the first named. The Crescent, Crescent North and Extended are better placed, being the neighbouring blocks to the Boulder Nor-West. On these one shaft has been worked of late, bat is not yet deep enough to have de- manded a winch. Maybe exemption has been applied for in order to raise funds to buy one. The Boulder Con- solidated was bought from a local com- pany on a paper consideration. On this latter work has been advanced a little, and a supply of water obtained, which might have paid dividends had the local holders stuck to it. In this claim there are a few prospects and assay returns to be obtained from the pyrites, which are to be the foundation of a subsidiary flotation. This is the sum total of justification for the huge share Hst, whose very proportion of working capital to promoters' shares proclaims its nature. And now comes six months' exemption. On the face of it, the Min- ing Act never contemplated such license being allowed, and it is to be hoped some strong protest will be made to the Minister for Mines, not only by the Workers* Asssciation, but by an expres- sion of opinion from the general com- munity. During the six months it is doubtless hoped by the promoters to rig the market so that they can saddle the public with their shares, clear a' profit on their underwriting contracts, and then leave the public to do the best they can with the properties. In this case it is not shareholders who have to be dealt with, but purely market pro- moters. Only ¿£7,639 has been expended in development work. This out of a working capital of .£50,000. Where the other .£40,000 is gone to is a ques- tion to which an answer should be given before the recommendation of the War- den is given effect to. Already there has been six months exemption, and time is wanted to raise money to buy machinery for further sinkiner. The company is an English one. -Evening Star. A man's own conscience is his sole tribunal ; and he should care no more for that phantom "opinion" than he should fear meeting a ghost if he cross - the churchyard at dark. 