CHAPTER XII. The shadows of the houses lengthened across the green sward of the Gardens, and then the last tint of gold lit up the fore shores of the harbor, and he still sat there, staring vacantly upon the scene, and listening to the footsteps upon the stone pavement below. They came to him, and passed on, but none stayed, and he felt the last hope of happiness dying out of his heart, the feeling growing that the better part of himself was gone. But he did not distrust her now, for his reason was dead, and the impression alone renlalned, which eight months of a sweet presence had given him, and he could not mistrust her. He only felt the terrible numbness of a soli tude that like a nightmare more than real life. Ha had that feeling in his head which an iron ring fixed round his brow would make, and every few minutes he laid his hand upon his forehead and ?shook his head. Then it grew dark, and he thought of her com ing, so1 he lit the gas in the sitting-room to make the place look cheerful, and then he .fled from the ligh t, which tortured him, .into thee bedroom again, and as he crossed the room he'stumbled over her shoes. He picked one of them up, and took it with him to the window seat, and he sat there caies-sing it in a foolish fashion, thinking of the dear little foot that had been so "lately in it, and so bc sat, not thinking, but watching and listen ing, telling himself that she would come at any .minute. After midnight, when no more footsteps passed, his heart froze with bitterness, and he rebelled against the terrible suspense. Then he rose, and, placing his hand upon his forehead, cried: "Coward! coward! to dread the worst!" It all flooded home to him now, the suspicions, th-j months of doubt, her strange attempts to speak what she feared to tell. He cursed her, and cursed himself for thinking that he could have ft better..wife than other men, be happier than others. What a fool he must have been to think that he could chance to find a' pure woman out of the wçak fools of women who made the world commonplace, and the thought of whom had so often made him feel weary in' the old days. What egotism it was, his sne.er at other men's wives, and his blindness of his own! But, now, how gi eat was his punishment. Thc- frailty of women had beeil his jest, but now his jest came back to mock' him, and humble him as he never thought man could be humbled. In that intense moment, when men stand face-to face with their most horrible crimes, they sometimes . laugh aloud, -but their mirth seems borne to their own ears from the lips of hell, and they tremble. So it was with Jim. He now stood face to face wiih his greatest wretchedness, and he laughed, seeing the grim joke of the- man who had mocked . at human frailty finding frailty in the one in whom he had all his hopes of heaven. His laugh sounded like outraged husbands mocking him, and it raised in him a frenzy. Finding her little shoe in hia hand, and seeing her picture upon the wall he hurled the shoe at th¿ face and smashed the glass to a hundred pieces. " ' : "Curse you!" he hissed, and for a second his eyes had the light of madness in them. Then he remembered there were others in the house, and his pride came to him. * He took down the broken picture, and laid it on the floor, face downwards, as if it had fallen in the night. He longed to leave the house, bui he forced himself to remain, for his greatest desire now was to hide his shame. So he sat, saying nasty things" to his crushed spirit, humbling himself more and more in the dust. But he still kept saying that never .a soul must know it, for he knew that nobody had sympathy for a man in his position, and that it is a matter for mirth, "Have I ever'pitied a man myself?" he asked. In this maddening communion with evil he. sat through the night, and he saw the sun rise like a pale ghost, and such things as day and sunlight and all that was happy seemed like the parts of another world, which he had died out of. The most real thing to him was that he was a thing to be pitied, and that he mocked his misery. After breakfast a knock came at the door, and he opened it with a smile upon his lips. When he closed it again with a letter in his hand he asked himself if his smile was not as hideous as the grin of death's head? The letter was from Ella, and then he saw in the brief note that one at least pitied him, and that was the woman who had wronged him. She called him her poor Jim, and asked him to forget her, that she had sinned in marrying him, and she told him to go back to Billinga, and when his heart was dead to her to marry another woman, who would be, a better wife to him than she had been. In her last words she appealed to him to never seek for her, that he would do no good, and cause much misery to both of them, She waa his forever; she would always love bim-and she) hoped that she might die soon. Then he tore her letter up, and stamped upon the fragments on the floor. "There is no fear that I will seek you," he cried; - "and I'll try to forget, but as to loving another woman-God help me and save me from that." Then he-brushed his clothes, arranged his tie, . and .went downstairs. The German and' his wife were in the drawing-room, and he stopped before he passed out. "My wife has gone to.my mother's for a fort night. The poor old lady .has been taken very ill," he Bald. "Ish dot so?" they exclaimed. "I will call back and settle what is due, and take our things away, as I am going to follow, her as.soon as I've settled my business. By the by, did she have any visitors yesterday at all-i mean my wife." "Dere vos vomans called, vot you call a lady," said Schubach. "You hold you tongue, you vicked mans," said Mrs. Schuback. "Dere vos"nobody comes at all, : for me see it mit mein own two eyes. I Ilka not dot fashion, not at all." (To be continued.) 