GRANT'S WIFE. And when your love Has conquiTcd prida A man wan sinking to the nccompnnimcnt of J the conaertiun. Tlie notes were lonjf drawn and I lillrrt witli a certain rough pathos. His com [Millions listened in approving filonco until tl» song came t" an el,d. ... " " Music's a cheering thing in a man 8 life, remarked an oM. thin, "^"VnThtb stenhcrd. the owner of the New Zealand hut wborin the four men wore seated before a large "jfcfcon'fl whnre was tho only habitation for miles hround. It w»s .sit.mto.l apc.u a ^V road,and was tho Renvoi refuge for all belated shepherd*, ntockimm.'ind rabbiters belonging the " rnn." Along, narrow room scant,ly furnished, with hunks built into the "all*, » tabid and a few odd stools and chairs, all of which al preseut were drawn up to tho llroplace. The men wero smoking ; the atmosphere was dense; there was a general odour of tobacco, ninckintosh, leather, also wet sheep dog. for there wero several of these animals lying down or creeping about, and tho musical programme was occasionally varied by a dism»l howl from one or other of them which had rashly ventured into tho charmed circlo round tho blazing logs, and got in the way of somebody's great hoots. A heap or damp saddles was thrown into a corner, whips, straps, and spurs lay about "" tabic mill floor. There was no light save that of the fire, which shed a flickering crimson glow into the room, lending a certain l>lc'ure^l,L' charm to the cominon-plaie interior, and soften ing the rough faces of tho men. " Sing again, Willie," said the host, and the musician, a thick-set, pleasant W»n«»8 man, complied, and gave thorn ' The Ship tlia; Never Keturned," " Hock Me to bleep Mother, .. Anuio Hoonoy," and would probably have favoured the company with half-a- dozen more, not being in the least bashrul, but that his next neighbour a man whose distinctive characteris tics were a pair of long legs, a pronounced scowl, and a huge moustache, suggested that they had had-enough of him ; HO bo meekly deposited his instrument beneath his cbair, an< the party lapsed into silence, broken only y the cheerful cracklings of the burning wood aun the sound of the rain on tho roof. The old men took his pipe out. of his moutb and made a long shot at a glowing ember. " She's a bad 'un," he said, slowly. I don t like her eye." Tho remark was apropos of nothing, and no body asked auy questions. . » She's a d d bad 'un," ho coutinued in nn argumentative tone; but still his companions puffed away gravely and made no answer. "She's tricky, that's what she is," he went on, after a pause, " and my opintou is that the boss has got a handful." It was not a horso he was speaking of, but a woman, as a remark from the muustached mnn betrayed. . You've only seen her riding, with a hit and a veil OD," ho said suitlty. What the _" do you know about hir eye ? The old man squared himself up, ready for the fray. " I haven't lived tlfty- flve years in this world for nothing," he Raid. " 1 observed just now that music's a cheery thing in a mans life; so's a womau, when she's a good one. When she's not, his life is " " Old Dick is rathor amusing on sooial ques tions," drawled the fourth man, who had not spoken before-a quiet fellow, looking rather like a broken down-gentleman. « Who is the lady in question f" .' Mrs. Grant." said Moustachio. The quiet man whistled. "His wife," be ssid slowly. " I aay, Jaekson, you'd better be careful what you're saying." )t " She'd better bo careful what she's doing, answered Jackson, angry at the ri-buke, fur he was generally considered something of an oracle. " When a young woman with an elderly husband speuds half her time riding about with a follow like Spencer-" 41 Spencer ?" " Yes, that idle, loafing cad of a reimttaucu mail," . I know* I dou'fc admire her taste. . You'll never fathom a woman," continued tho old man, recovering his tone of wonted im portance, ana staring gravely into' tho fire "Everyone else considers thetellow a cad,there fore she's buund to be shook 011 him. He s as handsome as the devil, dresses well, and he rides Grant's horses as if tbey were his own and he had about fourteen more out ii) the pad dock." The man with the moustache paused 111 his occupation of stirring »P lhe tobacco in bis pipe with his penknife, and turned to his boat. "Y011 know a fat lot, Jnckson," he said, "but f think you are wrong this trip. She seems a nice young womau. I have seen her once or twice pretty cIoho." , , ,, * What is she like to look at ? asked the quiet man. " Ob, small and dark," said Jackson, with a lot of black hair that's always tumbling down when she's riding, and that's one up agm her. A nice woman keeps her hair neat.' The other man laughed. " You're a rum old card." he said, but 1 think I'd keep my mouth shut on this subject if I were you. Whether you are right or wrong it's a dangerous business to meddle with. Then one of them started talking "sheep, and everything else in Heaven and upon earth faded into utter insignificance. Hams, hoggets, owes, lambs. Merino, Soulh Down, Lincoln, it went on, an endless and all-absorbing topic. Pipes were filled agaiD and again. Tho Are gut low, they talked almost in the dark. Suddenly the sleeping dogs started up with sharp little barks, more barking was going on outside, and presently the sound of approaching horses became audible. Jackson got up and throw more wood upon the fire, a shower ot sparks Hew up the chimney, then ho walked over and opened the door. The quiet man went on smoking. Willie rose and put his con certina into his bunk as if he feared the coming visitors might wish to steal rt. It was a Stormy night. The Wind blew the rain in at the door ; the old man was calling out to someone. . " There's two of 'em," he said, looking back into the hut ; " a man and a boy." Ho went outside ; the visitors came nearer. .. put your horses into tho shed and gire 'em a feed," he shouted. There was more conversation and tho flicker iD)! of a lantern, and in a short time, Tacksou returned to the wbare. His grey hair was all blown about; he had a queer expression 111 bis "^They've lost their way," he said, " they are only going to stay a short time to rest the horses and the boy. »< who are thoy ?" asked Moustaohio. Jackson did not answer, but looked at the miiet man, whose face was blank and uncon cerned The logs had blazed up ; the hut was light and cheerful-looking. A man entered ; tall fair, and extremely handsome. He was followed by a lad in a great coat and a knitted Tam-o'-Shanter. .. Sorry to disturb you. my friends,' he said, in a deep, clear voice. " In the darkness and the beastly bad roads we lost our way. 1 he hoises are knocked up, and want a bit of a pell We have a long way to go to F . " fcixVen miles," said the quiet man. Jackson was busy hanging the billy over the I " I'll give you some hot tea." he said to tho boy, " come near the fire." I " Oh, he's not cold," cried the handsome I man, hurriedly. " Give him a rug and let him lie down. Wo came through <i brnstly bush truck. Ho is tired." Mustachio throw him a largo striped rug. Ho rolled the boy up in it, and bo lay down in a corner. " It's d bad lnofc!" continued the stranger, coming forward. " Who is the boy P" asked Willie. " Oh, a nipper from town. I'm taking him buck to his ma." " Ho's a good-looking lad," said the quiet man. " Yes." Jncksoii made the tea. He handed some in a pannikin to the visitor, then dipped out some more, and was going over to where the boy lay, lint the other man pnfc bis own down on the table. " I'll tnko it to him," he said. The quiet man looked at Jackson and raifed his eyebrows a huir'H breadth. The strangi r omne hick to the lire, and sat looking into it with a moody expression upon his face. Suddi nly he throw back hishuad and laughed -a laugh that made tho dogs stait up and growl. " What's the matter ?" said Jackson. " Nothing," he answered, " I always laugh when I am in a bad temper." . " And cry when your happy, I suppose 1" drawled the quiet man. " Yen," hn said, lt but I haven't cried yet " He drank his tea and lit his pipe. They all lit fresh pipes ; the group rouud the fire was increased by one ; conversation became general. They eventually returned to their inuttoi.s. I'lie boy slumbered in his corner ; the dog» remained quiet. Soon Willie crept away anil got bis concertina anil began playing softly to himself. It Beemcd to sooth the company their voices Hank to a murmur, the ram still pattered on the roof, and thus an hour passed away. Willie ceased playing, left the lire, and tumbled into his bulk. Moustachio stood up and yawned. .lackson was gazing into the embers and nodding slightly. After a time the stranger stood up. " I think we'll go on," he said, and walked over to the boy. For a moment or two he bent over him, then raised him to hin feet. " Are yuu resled, young fellow ? " asked tho quiet mnn, coming forward. " Yes, thank you," answered the lad in a low voice. He seemed rather sleepy and dazed. Between his coat collar and bis hat there was nothing to bo seen but two large dark eyes. He kept his hands in his pockets and shivered slightly. The mnn turned round to Jackson. " Thunks very much for your hospitality,' lie said. " If you will bring your lantern I think I will go and get the horses now." Presently he beard tho horses go off. In a few minutes Jackson and the quiet man returned to tho hut. " I must havo another pipe after that," ob served the latter, and proceeded to (111 it. Jackson^ mouth was'twitching. Something seemed to amuse binv " What's up ? " asked Moustachio. The quiet man looked at the old one, who re sponded to the look with just tho ghost of a wink " Now we'll turn in," he said ! but just then the dogs began to bark again. "They are coming back," said the tuoustached man. " It's from the other direction, one person riding," said the quiet man. Jackson was listening. " It's the IJOBS," he cried, " on the grey,'" and rose hurriedly, went out of the door, and closed it after him. After a few minutes a horseman stopped suddenly ontaidu, and a quick, authoritative voice called out to Jackson. A short discussion followed, and a loud oath. The old man came back. ' A broad grin was upon his weather beaten countenance. He shut the door, and walked up to the fireplace. " He'll catch them up," Jie cried, rubbing his hands. Tbo quiot man nodded, He looked rather grave. " I'oor little thing I " he said. " Snakes ! " cried Moustachio. Willio lifted his head out of tho bunk. " Who is tho man ? " ho asked. 11 Sponcer," replied the quiet man. " Then the boy,"' said Moustaehio, witl. bulging eyeballs. . ?* I know a fat lot, don't I ? " chuckled Jack-1 eon. " I'm wrong tliii trip, eh 'i The boy. my young friend, is the boss's wifo ! " 