REACTION OF MIND AND BODY. The power of the mind in affecting the physical condition of the body has been more emphasised during the last few years than at any previous time. Miracles and faith cures have from time to time attract ed the public attention and evoked the ridi cule of sceptics, but the fact that an imagi nary physical disease can be made a real one by constantly dwelling on the idea lias only of late years been regarded with tlic seriousness which the subject deserves. Hypnotic suggestion has been a most valu able remedial agent in the hands of scien tific experts. It is not often, says the "Humanitarian," that a sham operation is resorted to in the medical profession to cure a maladc imaginairc as was related by Dr. Spitzlea at one of the meetings of the American Neurological Association. A young lady who was suffering agonies from an imaginary tumor had a sham operation performed upon her successfully: — "After exhausting all the usual means, the doctors determined to consent to the performance of a dangerous operation for the removal of the tumor. The girl herself was care fully prepared for the operation for several days. The room in her own residence, in which it was to be performed, was stripped of wall paper and carpet, and prepared with hospital-like cleanliness and bareness. The surgeon, with his assistants and the trained nurses, came upon the scene. The girl was carried into the operating room, in which, contrary to the usual practice, all the surgeon's knives and paraphernalia were spread out in full view of the patient. The physicians nnd trained nurses stood around the operating table upon which the girl lay. She was then carefully etherised. Three hours later, when she was allowed to recover consciousness, she was too weak to raise her hand. She found herself care fully stitched up with elaborate and cum bersome surgeons' dressings, and she knew that a deep incision bad been made half the length of her body. She felt the irri tation of the wound, and the fading day told her that she had been three or four hours under the influence of ether, perfect ly unconscious. She was thankful to find herself alive, although she felt: like the ghost of herself. In two weeks the result was all that the clever physicians had an ticipated — she was completely cured." Many instances are known when doctors, not being able to procure the required medicine without considerable delay, to keep up their patient's strength have given pure water, at the same time telling their patients the wonderful properties of the medicines they were taking. The effect of this treatment has often proved magical. Our physicians are beginning to recognise that they must minister to the spirit as well as to the flesh. 