TALKS WTH THEATRICAL FAVORITES. REMINISCENCES OF POPULAR ACTORS AND ACTRESSES. (By A 'SUNDAY TIMES' SPECIAL.) MR. CHARLES CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Charles Cartwright, like many other distinguished actors, began life in a Government office, but relinquished i for a professional career. 'I soon tired of such a conventional career as clerking undoubtedly is,' said the actor in the course of a chat to the Sunday Times, 'and being in Birmingham for a holiday I went one night to see a burlesque of Don Giovanni.' That decided my fate. I approached the manager of the Company, and giving the name of 'Chas. Cartwright,' to conceal my identity from my unsympa thetic parents, I was engaged for a small part. My rawness and inexperience, however, soon led to my dis missal, but having made up my mind for the stage, I went to Exeter, where I was given another chance by the late Fred. Neebe, who will be remembered by old Australian playgoers. I sang a solo in the opening part of the programme,' said Mr. Cartwright, 'and got through it alright, but when I came on to speak a few lines as the Lawyer in 'The Flying Scud,' I received such a stage fright that I could not speak a word. A generous actor, however, came to my assistance, and spoke the lines for me, thus saving me from a second dismissal. ' That engagement lasted for six weeks, during which time I was able to hold on, and on its conclusion I went to Cambridge to play a round of legitimate parts. ' The chance of my life has come,' I thought, but, unfortunately, it was not to be. A severe Winter froze up the season, and we were left penniless, the ghost not having strength enough to walk even on the first treasury day. Tho result was we had an exciting time dodging our creditors, but finally we had a chance to ' skip by the light of the moon' and we did so. ' I chanced upon a friend at this critical juncture, and he packed me back to London. Thence onward fortune smiled more favorably upon mo. I developed into a character actor, and got good parts in some of the principle theatres. It was at that time I met Arthur Wing Pinero, then a struggling young actor, aud John L. Hall and Fred. Marshall, both well known in Australia. At Liverpool I was engaged by Miss Jennie Lee for her original production of ' Jo,' in which I created the part of Chadband, poor Fred Marshall being the original Guppy. ' A number of other good engagements followed, and eventually I became firmly established in London, where I remained until 1890, the latter end of which year, as youu are aware, I came to Australia on a starring tour, Miss Olga Nethersole, the charming young aotross, being my leading lady. ' What have been your movements since you left us?' ' My first engagement on my return to England was at the Adelphi, where I played the leading character part of Oliver Cromwell iu the ' White Rose ; ' my next part being a particularly strong one — that of Shillinglaw the drunken engineer in the ' Cotton King,' in which Charles Warner played the hero. ' Then I played Jeptha Griinwade in 'A Woman's Revenge' at the same theatre, and after that took charge of the Adelphi for the Gattis, and played Pierre in a revival of the ' Two Orphans.' My next move was to Drury Lane, where I appeared in ' The Derby Winner, ' and then went to tho Haymarket and played second to Beerbohm Tree, appearing in the strong character part of Sir Hubert Garling in 'John a' Dreams.' I then took the Duke of York Theatre, of which I still hold the lease. There I produced several now plays, including ' Her Advocate,' 'Tommy Atkins,' aud ' Tho Fool of the Family.' A provincial tour followed, after which I was engaged to support my dear friend, the late William Terriss in 'The Days of the Duke,' the Wellington play at the Adelphi. lt was while appearing there that I concluded arrangements with Mr. Harry Rickards for my present tour, and exceedingly glad am I to renew old acquaintance.' 'The murder of Mr. Terriss, no doubt, was a great shock to you?' 'Yes, poor Bill! He was one of the brightest men who ever breathed. I had collaborated in a play which had just been accepted by the poor fellow, who promised that it would be produced at Easter; and, therefore, had he lived he would now be appearing in it in London. Outside the stage door the spot where the unfortunate man was stabbed was crowded every day for a fortnight, and the funeral was a tremendous length, the concourse of people in the cemetery being absolutely marvellous. Mr. Terriss had an idea of coming out here later under engagement to the firm.' ' Have you heard anything definite concerning Sir Henry Irviug's proposed bour here?' ' Sir Henry has talked about it, and I believe will come sooner or later, but the undertaking will be a tremondous one. His repertoire is extensive, and as he would not come without his own company aud properties I think it would take a special steamer to bring him. ' Reminiscences ? 'Well, there was rather an amusing incident in ' Tbo Days of the Duke,' which, as I have told you, was the last piece I appeared in with Mr. Terriss before coming away. I was suffering from a very bad cold and after I had been killed and was lying upon the stage I had an awful desire to sneeze. Of course the idea of a dead man sneezing was altogether out of the question. Terriss noticed my desire, and placing a coat which he held upon his arm between myself aud the audience, he pressed his hand tightly over my mouth just in time to smother the sneeze. But again I wanted to do it, so he cut the scene as short as possible, and brought men on quickly to carry me off. 'At a benefit performance of Moths, at the St. James', I was playing Prince Zouroff, which part, by the way, I have played here, when half my moustache came off and hung to my chin, unknown to me. The audience laughed, and I put my hand up to feel what about, and as I touched my chin the offending half of the moustache fell to the ground, unfortunately upon a dark pattern where I could not see it. Down I went on my hands and knees looking for it, the audience enjoying the joke immensely, and when I found it I had to hold it on. It seems a strange coincidence that on the first night of ' The Prisoner of Zelda,' at the same theatre, Mr. George Alexander's moustache also fell off, and from that time a bottle of spirit gum was kept in the wings in case of emergency, though unfortunately the night of my little experience I was not aware of that fact. 