THE MERCURY. HOBART: THURSDAY, JULY 7, WS. EPITOME OF WE WS. A' gymnastic club is to be established at Zeehan. ? By the ss. Monowai, from New Zealand yesterday, 200 live sheep were imported. Tempestuous weather at Queenstown yesterday marred success of foundation stone ceremony at St. Martin's Church. Silver 27d. American society in London celebrated the Fourth of July with much enthusiasm. Report received at Washington that Santiago has surrendered. Admiral Cervera a prisoner. American people in a frenzy of delight at Sampson's annihilation of Cervera's fleet. Admiral Camara squadron is again at Port Said. American troops have arrived at Cairo in the Philippine Islands. Fight between three American gunboats and nine improvised Spanish warships off Cape Cruz. Americans won the greater advantage. Ministerial and Labour Parties co-operate during the coming election campaign In New South Wales. Movement afoot to establish regular wool sales in Queensland, aided by Government bonus. Efficacy of smokeless gunpowder proved in the fight at Santiago. Spanish sharp- shooters, at close range, picked off American officers by the score. Mr. Glynn fiasmoved, in South Australian' Assembly, an amendment to Address- in-Reply We have no confidence in the Administration or in the sincerity of His Excellency's advisers." National Zeitung says if Spain abandons the Philippines America must expect not to have the islands all to herself. London tin quotation, £72 10s. Market steady. Competition for all descriptions of wool very firm at the London sales. Tasmanian stud Merinoes commanding high prices at Sydney. C. G. Watson is the champion chess player of Victoria. V.A.T.C. will offer £4,150 stake money at the August meeting. Last year the amount was £3,350. Government of New South Wales introducing an important mining bills | A Melbourne cyclist found guilty of criminal negligence by furious riding. Another Chinese leper discovered in Western Australia. Queensland Government proposes to devote £5,000 yearly to establish a university. West Australian revenue for financial year is £253,254 below Treasurer's estimate. Conflicting party fads and interests are tending to much confusion in New South Wales electioneering arrangements. Referendum Bill, introduced by a private member, has been rejected in the Victorian Assemby on the ruling of the Speaker. Shortage reported in Chinese first tea crop. Market rising. Bombardment of Santiago deferred at special request of President McKinley. General Pardo has, by fierce fighting and forced marches, entered Santiago, and with his troops increased the defenders to 18,000 fighting men. Intense excitement and disorder in Madrid over news of Cervera's disaster. Spain sending more troops to Santiago. The Watson squadron starts in pursuit of Admiral Camara at end of present week. Continental papers recommend Spain to sue for peace. His Holiness the' Pope recommends Queen Regent of Spain not to ask any Power to intervene in the American trouble. Spanish Federalist Association proposing to abolish Bourbon dynasty, and to establish a republic. Three swift American vessels now carrying reinforcements and supplies to Brigadier-General Shafter's army. It is proposed to send Spanish prisoners to America, with the exception of Admiral Cervera and his officers, who will be held as hostages for release of Lieut. Hobson and his comrades. In the Legislative Council yesterday, Hon. W. Hart presented a petition from Launceston praying that that city be not included, in the police centralisation scheme. Hobart Corporation and Crown Lands Reinstatement Bills were passed. Amendments made in the Mount Lyell Reserve and Riparian Rights Bills were agreed to. The debate on the second reading of the Crédit Foncier Bill occupied the remainder of the sitting, several members opposing it as being crude in form and unnecessary. On the motion of Hon. Alfhkd Page, the debate was adjourned till next day. The Council, at 6 p.m., adjourned till 4 p.m. next day. In the House of Assembly yesterday, The PliKMlBll, in the absence of Mr, Reibey, presented a petition from Westbury in favour of female suffrage. A fortnight's leave of absence was punted to Mr. LcvrnAM. member for New Norfolk, on the ground of sickness. The Defence Re-appropriation Bill was read a second time, and passed all other stages. Leave was given for the usual steps to be taken to enable the Hon. C. H. Grant, M.L.C., to appear as a witness before the Select Committee on the West Coast Railway Bill. The Electoral (Constitutional Amend- ment Bill was further considered In committee, the principal subject discussed at first being Mr. Lrcvvis' amendment- reliev- ing members from the necessity of re-elec- tion on acceptance of office in a Ministry. The amendment was eventually carried. The disqualifications of persons in receipt of aid from any charitable institution, except as a patient under treatment for accident or disease at a hospital." Mr. McWilliams proposed a new clause, giving women holding the property quali cation a vote for the Council, which was subsequently withdrawn. Mr. Bird's proposal to do away with triennial Parlia- ments was negatived, and progress was reported, leave being granted to hit again next day. The Metropolitan Drainage Bill was further considered in committee, and some progress made. The House at 11.5 p.m. adjourned till 4 p.m. next day. Tiiouaii the Legislative Council is probably right in postponing the consideration of the tariff changes until it has the Financial Statement before it, let us hope that the House will consider the proposed remissions of taxation in a liberal spirit. For, the fact is now evident enough that if this colony is to be what it should be, we must alter our ways very much indeed. Our fiscal policy has been pettifogging hitherto. We have put on duty after duty, frequently with the intent of helping the producer, with the result that our industries, especially those connected with the land, are in a backward and inefficient condition. It is worthy of note that even in Victoria the discovery has been made that the Stock Tax is a failure, a fact brought out during the Federal Campaign, when Mr. McLean tried hard to show the farmers that they were going to be ruined by its repeal. The farmers very generally declined to believe this, and voted for Federation, and now there are members of the Assembly striving with one another to decide who shall have the honour of proposing its repeal. If it is true, as now seems to be agreed, that this tax is rather a let than a help to rural industry, what shall we say to the arguments used in its support, which were at one time so popular Not very many years ago a host of innocent persons believed, and a number of interested persons professed to believe, that the tax helped the farmer, and did not affect the consumer. Indeed, some of the advocates went even further, for they insisted that while the farmer was helped the consumer got his meat cheaper than before. This sort of thing was kept up for years by a number of persons who thought that they ought to be helped by the community, but all the while there must have been growing in the public mind a conviction that the tax was a swindle, of the farmers would not have voted as they did. We have something of the same state of affairs here. The Stock Tax has had a long and very careful trial, and what is the result ? Why, that by general admission the stock in the colony has steadily deteriorated, so that it is actually proposed to compel the farmers by law to im- prove the breed. Such a condition of things shows that the tax has not done here what was supposed any more than in Victoria, though some very bold assertions have been made. These assertions resemble those about diseased meat coming from New Zealand, which serve to show the length to which interested persons will go in support of a particular cause. They resemble the sort of stuff that passes for evidence in regard to a railway route, or, let us say, about a Mount Cameron water race. We refer to these things, because it is quite possible that when the tariff changes are discussed in the Council, we shall hear a great deal about encouraging native industries, and the ruin that will fall upon the country if the many cease to be used, not for the benefit but for the satisfaction of the few. No doubt sudden changes in a tariff do affect some persons prejudicially, as farmers complain that they relied on the Stock Tax, and have made preparations for the feeding of stock in consequence. But, even if the tax was removed altogether they would get a good price for their beasts, and would always have a considerable amount of protection. On the other hand, if the population of the colony increases and manufactures spring up as a consequence of cheap food, the farmers will have much better markets than they have now, or they are at all likely to get so long as the colony pursues its narrow and restrictive policy. On the whole we believe that the true interest of the farmer will be found to lie in whatever promotes the development of the colony, rather than in the imposition of burdens for special purposes, which only tend to lessen industry and restrict enterprise. We have said something like this many times, but we had to wait for the Federal Campaign before the truth, of it was recognised. Now we can point to the speeches made by Ministers and others, not in this colony alone, but even in much protected Victoria, in which the frank admission is made that free commercial intercourse is for the benefit of all. If this was not the case, why should we trouble ourselves about Federation ? If industry is promoted by isolation and restriction, then it would not be wise to protect one half of the island against the other half, nor would this be one whit more foolish than the policy which has for years made it a crime to cross a river without being 'inspected by a Customs officer. It is curious to note, too, that there are actually persons who believe that those who send cattle here for sale pay the duty, and thus contribute to our revenue. There are a few special cases in which a portion of a duty can be thrown for a time on the importers, but as an almost universal rule the consumer has to pay not only the duty but something more in addition to cover the extra expense which a duty causes. If the Treasurer could get his taxes out of the foreigner, it would be a very nice thing for him and the colony too, for the more taxes that were put on the less would the people pay. That such things as these can pass current is another proof of the way in which self interest tends to warp the judgment, and make rank absurdities pass for sober sense. It is strange that some persons cannot see that if the importer paid the duty there would be no protection, since the duty would not raise the selling price. In view of all these considerations, we hope that the Council will deal liberally with the proposed remissions of taxation, especially on raw materials and the food of the people. Cheap food is one condition of successful manufactures, and cheap raw materials another, combined with something like finality in taxation proposals. We have gone through a rough time. We have had to bear burdens which have retarded our progress and made the colony unpopular abroad, and we should alter our policy as quickly as we can with safety. ? Especially so, when we remember how dependent the colony is upon mining, which promises to develop into a quite wonderful industry. We often hear in Parliament about it being the duty of the Government to encourage mining, but mining can only be encouraged in one way, and that is, by making the articles consumed by the miners as cheap as possible. The Government of Victoria has voted thousands of pounds to subsidise mining, with a very doubtful result, but there can be no mistake about the policy which enables the miner to live cheaply, and which removes all possible taxes from the implements and appliances necessary to his calling. The Council will, no doubt, be wise in looking carefully to the revenue, but it should bear in mind that the people who have been so patient during the past few years are entitled to relief, and that it is never too early to begin. _ The Mount Lyell and Strahan Railway Bill 1898, which has been reported upon by a Select Committee, is intended to give the Mount Lyell Co.' certain relief, by repealing some of the clauses in the original Act and adding some others. It is proposed to repeal section 29 of the original Act, which relates to tolls, rates and fares to be charged by the company. It is proposed to leave the passenger fares as they now are, namely, 4d. per mile for first-class passengers and 3d. per mile for second-class, but it is desired to alter the provision for the carriage of goods, now fixed to be the same as on the Zeehan Railway, and enact that such freight charges shall not exceed the present rates fixed by the Governor in-Council on the 11th March, 1897. One reason for the proposed change is, that the Zeehan line may come into competition with the Emu Bay line, and thus be compelled to charge lower rates, and it would be unfair to compel the Lyell Co. to do the same, as it has no connection with the Zeehan line, and is more costly to maintain as well as being much shorter. Another change proposed relates to the portion of the one which is constructed on the Abt system, that is, with the addition of rack rails. It is proposed to add nine miles to the computed mileage of this portion of the line, in order to cover the extra cost of the carriage of goods and passengers, as the working and construction of this portion of the line _ is very costly. It is stated that even with the additional charge the cost of the carriage of goods to Strahan will not exceed the present rates charged by rail, steamers, and lighters, now that the terminus is at Teepookana. This concession seems to be reasonable enough when all the circumstances are taken into account. It is proposed to repeal section 5 of the original Act, which provides that if trees or earth or other materials are allowed to obstruct any stream they must be removed within 48 hours under an accumulating penalty. It is stated that the banks of the King River are so steep that in making the extension to Strahan the trees must fall into the river, but as the river is 30ft. deep, and the trees will sink, no obstruction will be caused. The company has in fact, very good reasons for not obstructing the river, as it would impede its own traffic, and there is said to be no danger from the repeal of the clauses referred to. It is presumed that proper information will be obtained in reference to this matter. The company also proposes that the right of the Government to give notice of purchase shall not come into existence until the expiration of the company's leases, which will be in 1927, whereas as the law now stands, the Government might, give notice in 21 years from the passing of the original Act, or in 15 years from the present time. The company claims that the railway is an easement to the mine, and that it should have control of the line so long as the mine is at work. We do not know that there is much, if any, objection to what is sought, but the Bill ought to contain a provision that the line shall be extended to Strahan within a specified time. One change in the Electoral Law decided upon by the Assembly last night is the disqualification of persons for the privilege of exercising the franchise if they are in receipt of aid from any public charitable institution. An objection was raised on behalf of the many little property holders in Hobart and Launceston, who manage to keep their little cottages or other homes to live in, and even to pay rates upon them, while they are at the same time in receipt of a ration or half a ration, weekly from the Benevolent Society. The Premier justified the disqualifica- tion on the broad political ground that it was the payment of rates and the contribution to the expense of public government that constituted the claim to the franchise, and that if people had to depend upon the public for support, even in part, they were not in the position to claim the right. The dis- qualification was agreed to, and it was also held to extend to recipients of help from the State through the Charitable Aid Department of the Government all through the country districts. Decisive news comes at last about the state of events in Cuba. The Americans have not waited in vain, and having had the temporary annoyance of being, at any rate, partially mis- judged in regard to their preparations for the new position taken up by the United States as a nation, they have now the gratification of standing before the world justified as a combative and strategic power, with an immense reserve strength to fall back upon in case of necessity, and having imperative claims to tie in future taken account of in the conclave of the nations. Spain, too, with all her reverses, has come out of the struggle with honour to her sons. Spain may have fallen behind in the general race for pre- dominance in strength of standing armies and floating navies. On that basis she must now admit her disadvantage. 1'efeaton shore and at sea has forced it upon her, but the tales cabled from Santiago de Cuba of Spanish bravery and heroism, of ships going down with colours flying, and of the dogged defence of the heights of Carey, will be evidence to the world that the martial spirit which animated the Cid and other medieval heroes, when Spain was in her prime, has not died out in her decadence, a decadence which is due to material stag- nation and an unwise isolation from the rest of the world, rather than to any real falling off in the national spirit of the Spaniards, Allow- ing for exaggeration, which the cable man is notorious for, especially in a case like this, where news of Spanish movements is filtered through American agencies, there seems no doubt that the Spaniards have, both ashore and afloat, " quit there like men," had been strong." They may have lost their hold on Cuba, which is probably the result of their reverses of the week, but there is already evidence that the conquerors will not find Uliban soil a bed of roses, Commodore Sampson having already had to land a special force to protect the shipwrecked sailors from the violence of the insurgent army. The Cubans were struggling for independence, an independence which the progress of events has shown to be less and less the intention of Washington states- men to confer upon the island if they can prevent it, so that, after all, the effects of the war may be simply a transference of the trouble so far as the Cubans themselves are concerned, giving them a stronger foe to fight again, and perhaps shortening what, if it prove a continuation of war, must now, more than ever be a war of extermination. The characteristics por vading the American nation are not those which are likely to make them good colonisers. They have not even made the American a good neighbour, as British colonists in North America know only too well. Despite the events of the week, the future of Cuba itself does not even now lie in a nutshell. Stealing. Newspapers Owing to the frequency with which copies of ThcûTcrawy left at the doors of subscribers are stolen; it has been found necessary to put the law in motion. It appears that a band of lads make it a practice of robbing some subscribers of their morning papers, and sell them. Last week one culprit was caught, and was convicted of the offence at the Police Court yesterday, and sentenced to seven days' imprisonment. It is hoped that this punishment will prove effective to himself and others similarly inclined. It would also be well if those who take upon themselves the liberty of opening and reading copies of 27tc Mercury sent to Bellerive subscribers by steamer would take the hint here given, and save themselves the ordeal of being brought, before the Magistrate to be dealt with Central Board of Health of Tasmania (Hobart). Health return for the week ending Saturday, July 2, 1898 (from information supplied by Mr. R. M. Johnston, Registrar-General) :- Deaths registered from - Phthisis, 2 (equivalent rate per annum per 1,000 living) 2-0 old age, 2205 all other causes, 792Í. Total deaths, 11-14-59. Again no deaths were registered from zymotic diseases. The death rate for the corresponding week last year was equal to 13-74 per annum per 1,000 living. The death rate for the past five weeks has been equal to 14-59 per annum per 1,000 living. New Town Congregational Church. -An enjoyable concert was given at this church on Tuesday evening last to a large audience. A capital programme was further enriched by the kind assistance of Miss Alice Corrick, whose charming voice was heard in its usual sweetness in Handel's " Angels ever bright and fair," and also in the song " The Star of Bethlehem." Both were exquisitely given, and treated with the religious fervour these works demand. Mr. J. Brown also rendered valuable assistance with an artistically performed viola solo " Ave Maria," by De Bay. The rest of the programme was thoroughly well carried out by the following friends Misses Kennedy, Parry, and Jamieson ; Messrs. Dear, Mervyn Henry, Crouch, and Tregear. Three anthems were also given by the choir in a pleasing manner. A collection was taken up during the evening, and a substantial sum collected in aid of the choir fund. Messrs. Marsh, Hudson, and Searell, gave valuable assistance at the organ. St.Mark'sSundav-school.Belliîhive. -Last evening the annual social and prize giving took place in the Bellerive institute. There were about 30 children, a large number of parents, teachers, and friends in all about 120-present. After hymn and prayer, the rector (Rev. F. B. Sharland), who distributed the prizes, said, among other things, that this was the first opportunity he had had of meeting the parents, children, and teachers at a gathering of this kind, and gave some good advice to them. He took this chance of thanking Mr. Hedley Westbrook for his services as acting-superintendent, and introduced Mrs. Babington, the new superintendent. Refreshments were handed round. Mr. M. L. Hood kindly gave a magic lantern show, which was much appreciated. After the singing of the National Anthem and cheers for air. Westbrook they all dispersed. Beautiful Scones, Lovely Pastry, by using Balloon Brand S.R. Flour. Cornwall and the Cornish There was a largely attended meeting at the Mechanics'-hall yesterday evening, on the occasion of the Rev. H. Henwood Teague giving a lecturette on "Cornwall and the Cornish." Alderman J. W Johnson presided. The lecturette contained many incidents illustrative of Cornish life and character, and was delivered in a manner that could not fail to entertain r it was most interesting and equally instructive. The recital of the Apostles' creed in the ancient Keltico-Cornisii tongue, and a thrilling ghost story, gave additional interest. At intervals musical items were rendered, and further added to the enjoy- ment of the audience. The proceeds are to be devoted to the Wesleyan Church funds. Balloon Brand Self-raising Flour has stood the test against all corners. Light as air. St. Joseph's Branch Hiiiernian Catholic Benefit Society. The half yearly meeting of this society was held at St. Peter's hall, Collins-street, last evening. Mr. John Hughes, in the absence of the president, presided, and there was a large attendance of members. After the other business had been disposed of the following officers were elected : - President, Mr. John Hughes ; vice-president, Mr. F. Keating; treasurer, Mr. John Gleeson (re-elected) ; secretary, Mr. John Hoare (re- elected) ; sick visitors, Messrs. Mitchell and M. J. Flynn ; warden, Mr. R. J. Meagher; guardian, Mr. C. Reid, Afterwards, the officers elected invited all members present to light refreshments, and with the harmony that prevailed, one of the many pleasant evenings for which this society is noted, was happily spent. Aramac. - Sale increased twofold. Everybody delighted. Trinity College, London-the practical examinations for Trinity College, London, will be held in Hobart's Novem ber next. Entries must be lodged with Mr. Frank P. Bowden, the secretary, to entertainment at Bellerive. - A lecture, entitled " A visit to Western Australia," illustrated by lantern slides, will be delivered this evening at the Bellerive institute by Mr. A. Morton, Curator of the Tasmanian Museum. De Laval Separator: Change of Agency. Messrs. J. Bartram and Son, of 19, 21, 23, King-street, Melbourne, the well-known firm of dairy engineers and produce merchants, announce by advertisement in another column that they have withdrawn the De Laval Separator agency for Tasmania from Messrs. Dehle, Bennison, andCo.,ofIIobart(lateDeldeand Murdoch), and transferred same to Murdoch Bros., of 412, Collins-street, Hobart. The enormous success of the Alpha Laval Cream Separa- tors show the favour in which these time tried and celebrated machines are held in all parts of the civilised world. The number now sold amounts to over 130,000 ; of this number there are 4,000 in use in Victoria and Tasmania. Roughly this means that 90 per cent, of the Separators in use in the colonies mentioned are Alpha Laval. All the Tasmanian butter factories use the Alpha Laval. The Alpha Separator has never been beaten in any trial, always gives satisfaction, and is, without a doubt, the greatest labour and profit saving machine of the century. Machines may be ordered from the sole agents, Messrs. Murdoch Bros., of Hobart; or the Tasmanian Dairy Co., Launceston, who are their sub-agents. HobART Hunt S.uit. The hounds will meet at North Bridgewater on Saturday next at 2.30 p.m. sharp. Hello Jones, how Is that horse of yours Oh, he's in splendid fettle, thanks to AltOMAO. CHILBLAINS are most painful, but can easily be cured by the use of Gould's Pkiwink. Liquid for unbroken, and Ointment for broken chilblains.) Both are put up in Is. packages, and can be sent through the post H. T. Gould I and Co" Hobart I 