R'S SIN. IIUAPTER XVIL.-Continued. X1 1, I never !' ejaculated Miss Melcombe,, as she came to the end of. the letter and carefully folded it again. ' To think that she should I e the daughter of a murderer I I declare it's not safe I I'll go. myself- end tell her what I've discovered ;,it. *ill ;he lovely to see her face I No-I won't. I'll be revenged upon her for baking Jasper's love from me, and let him have this '-tapp. ing the letter significantly with her finger. ' She shall not thwart me for nothing 1 I'll put it where he must find it, and thni--my word, won't there be a flare-up I , Hs,, ha l' With an expression of fiendish triumph on hear face, Miss Malcombe crossed the hall to Sir Jasper's private study, and dropped the " letter on to the door-mat; then, humming blithely, she went back to the drawing. room to bid her hostess a gushing ' Good night.' Meanwhile, upstairs in . her own room, Pearl sat in a gloomy reverie by tie window. She was angry with herself for having . been foolish enough to faint and cause a com motion just when she wanted to pat ticularly remain unnoticed, angry with Sir Eseiohd Mayne for having spoken of Olive Drtrkey, and, above-all, sad and despairing at heart because of those words of Sir Jasper's which had shut out all hope from her life for ever. 'I must Aet away,' she murmured; I can not stay with this sword suspended by; i single thread over my head. At any moment it may fall, and the shame and degradation would.be my deathlblow. If. I. only knew whete to go' and " hide-- myself' atfely 'from . Olive Dartrey, I would go at once-this very night I I wonder if that paper is on d the hall -table still,--with the advertisement tr for governesses wishing to migrate which 11 took my fancy '1 If T could only put the 3- ocean between myself and that false friend a of my father's who has done his best to ii wreck my-miserable life, I would work like a galley-slave I ..Nohaudships could be worse i. than the torture I have endured lately. It was stupid of me not to. take down the it address.! Perhaps, if I crept down- stairs, I :e might find the paper. The gentlemen will \- be in the smoking- room, for I heard the ladies come tip some time since. Imust try to get it. .1 cannot sleep to nightuill. I have formed 'some plantof'antiosi, for this suspense and the constant fear of discovery are maddening 1' She rose from her seat, threw a fur-lined mantle over her dressing-gown, and, softly opening her door, -listened intently. There was no sound from below, save a distant hum of voices and an occasional laugh from the . smoking-room. She would venture. v Gliding like a ghost along.:the corridor, Pearl reached the wide staitcese,-and, having assured herself that the, male diviason of the guests were safe in the enjoyment of tobacco and brandies and sodas, she hurried down the stairs and across the hill. to the great r oak table, where the daily papers lay strewed about in. wild confusion. It, so. happened that this table was close to. Sir Jasper's 3 private study; and,'as Pearl stood turning over the loose sheets in search for the advertisement column of the. 'G ircester Express,' she suddenly heard a voice-his voice- say sharply- . 'ButbI tell.you she did know of it;'this letter.; says sbo.l. Good Heavens, when- I think of how she hls deceived me, letting me tell her of Geoffrey's murder, he aring me curse the man who did it-her own fattier -it drives me mad. She came here beautiful, lonely, sad, a perfect type of, womanhoodl, as I fancie.! ; and '-the speaker's voice trembled-' I loved her-the daughter of my. brother's murderer, and asked her to be my wife I ' ' But -it was Lord Estworth who spoke now-' she didn't accept you, surely '. ' No. But even then she lied to me when she said she was not already engaged. 'This letter--' 'It is all my fault for being stch a fool as to drop it,' put in Escworth contritely`. I'. can't think how I came to do it. 'I "haire. a very great -liking and friendship for Miss St Claire, who is one of the best and most noble-hearted of women. Whatever may have been her. fault in keeping the truth from you, it was done for her father's sake; and it was to keep this fellow Dartrny -from proclaiming that father's sin to the world that she consented to marry him. She told me so Iterself before she ever took the .post of governess to Agatha ; but neither she nor I knew then who it was that liar father mur dered. And [ believe it has been the shock of hearing the' truth' that has caused thu terrible change in her which I noticed. Ib is very hard that a man's crime tijould cause the life of his innocent child to be embittered -very hard indeed I ' SYes-perhaps so. But while Geoffrey's blood cries for vengeance on his murderer, I have no pity for that murderer's daughter. STo morrow I shall show this' letter 'to her, ana sne must go. 'Bab you will keep the secret from Lady Ffrench, from Agatha i' 'Of course. I am nob a sneak or a brute, and, Heaven help mP, I loved her 1' There was a sound very much like a. sob, and then silence. Like a statue, absolutely without expression in the rigid features and wide-open staring eyes, abood. thei girl who had listened to her doom from the lips of the man she loved. Sighti, bearing, feeling, all seemed to have deserted her; she was numb a and cold. A sound=-the sound of the clock -striking twelve-roused her at lasb. She counted the sonorous strokes mechanically, like one in a dream;. then;. wih haterrible cry which rang out sharply in the silence, she turned and fled, o not pausing till she, had reached her own li chamber. h r. The usual brenkfast.hourwas long past C when Sir Jasper made his appearance the h next morning, looking worn and haggard find - aged. He found Agatha standing beside his chair as he took his sent, and was startled by o the look of woo upon her fcoe. o ' Jasper,' she wliisperei, ' Miss Sb Claire h has sonel' ei 'Gonel' - d ' Yes. I went to her room this morning, and her trunks are all packerl, the bed has at not been slept in, and on her dressing-table I A found this note for you, enclosed in one to fr me.' di She slipped it into his hand and want back to her seat, struggling hard to keel, bick her tears in the presence of her mother and the assembled guests. Sir Jasper opened the folded p iper, and, with eyes which in spite of himself grew dint, read the bastily-scrawled words written in pencil. 'I heard you pronounce my doom to-night. Ib is just; but I could not bear to see you again after you know the truth. Believe me, you are amply revenged upon the child of your brother's murderer, for, though you will never look upon my face again, your curse will ruin :my life, " For your kindness to me sirce I~have .been an inmate of your house I thank you. It was all unconscious of my father's sin that I came; and, as you know, I should have left very soon. If softer feelings ever come to you in the futute for one who never wronged you expect by being who abe is, lot-them extend to her father. Ue has gone to a higher tribunal than that of' earth, whose almighty Judge has a id, ' Vengeance is Mine-I will repay.' S MARGUERITE ST CLAIRE.' Several out ious pairs of eyes were watching Sir, 'Jasper while he read the little note twice over. Immediately afterwards, sighing heavily, he book aletter-case from the breast pocket of his shooting.coat, and placed the note carefully therein. Miss Melcombe and Sir Esmond Mityno 'exchanged glances ;of smiling inquiry, the: latter shrugging his shoulders with a gesture which betokened that, for his part, he was nobtsurprised at anythiung. The abrupt departure of Lady Ffrench's governess had somehow, leaked 'out, arid, through her ladyship treated the matter with aa hihW hand, declaring that-she kinew' litis St Claire' was gting "ani had given her leave to deptrt when she choose, there was a certain ai;of mystery and romanc9 about the whole' affair which gave a zest to the dulness of a wet stormy day and formed the chief topic of conversation throughout the entire establishment,' from the drawing-room and boudoir, to the servant's hall, where] Mies St Claire heing a general favourite, the outspoken comments were anything but favorable to her- ladyships, who was supposed to be the sole cause, of the governess's flight. 'Excuse me, Fortescue,' said Sir Jasper meeting his friend in the hall after breaktast, ' but at what time are you and Mayne leaving to-day 1' ' Well, we thought of joining you with our. guns first, and then=--.. ' My dear fellow, I am always delighted to have you here, as you know, but I can't stand that fellow you've !brought with you, and I won't have hint here I ' He is a friend of Olive Dartrey's, and I don't choose to receive him: as a guest in my. house. If you don't get him away at once, I shall pick a quarrel with him and kick him oub I' Mr Fortesene laughed. ' ' All right," he said cheerfully-'I'll man age it. Don't-care about him myself3, but he is rather good company, auid in a weak moment I asked him to come with me here.' . 'Take my advice, old bay-out him I' and, with an tffectionate touch upon his' guest's shoulder, Sir Jasper left him to carry out his injunctions. Great was Miss Melcombe's disgust when she learned that Sir Esmond Mayne had left the Lodge, for she had ftlly tmade up her mind that he had succumbed to her fascina tions., 11He told me he was going to remain over to-morrow,'. abe said in disappointed tones to Lord Estworth, who was the bearer of the news. ' Indeed 1 Well,, 'between ourselves, I fancy he had to go. Jasper's in a fine temper, rind he didn't like'Mayne. Case of kicking oub, you know.' 