kE continued from • time to time to pass each other on the 8toi»t at first silently, but after wurds with a murmured "good morning" or "good evening." I was bashful to excess in those days; added to which I was, as'I have suggested, a little doubtful of my neighbour. Sometimes when we met she would draw usido to lot mo pass, and stand looking at mo with roguish eves, while I coloured up to the ears und -answered her careless greeting. Lonely us I was, those meetings soon became a pleasant break in my life's monotony, and often when I heard my neighbour ascending I would slip' downstairs for the mere pleasure of pus-dug her. Who was she ? What was her name, and what her occupation ? These were the ques tions I began to ask myself, and to put to the tempestuous maid of all work, who could give me very little information. Gradually, however, I discovered what I wished to know. Her name was " Miss Costello," and she was engaged iu some capacity or other at one of the Strand theatres. J consulted u pro gramme of the theatre in question, but her namo was not there. A few. nights later, however, as I sat in the hack row of tbo pit, listening. to the inanities of a Cockney burlesque, I saw, amonga group of " utility " ladies, dressed iu trunks and tights, the face and form I sought—those of my sprightly fellow-lodger. Our oyes met, and I faucy she recognised me, for she tittered and said something to one of her companions. I was relieved, pleased evon, to find that she was an artist of somo sort. Though her namo was not oveu mentioned in the playbill, the manager had given her about two lines to speak, and I am bound to add that sho spoke them abominably. I was enabled now for tho first timo to take a good look at her 5 and 11 was surprised to | see how pretty she looked in her scanty j costume. She was slight and delicately formed, with dainty .hands and feet, -and features olive with youth and good humour. From-thafc time forward I became a frequent visitor to the theatre, and my interest in 44 Miss Costollo " continued to grow. Do not run away with the notion that I was falling in love ! My feeling, so far as I can remember, was one of pure friendship and human sympathy—there was a sense of companionship in looking at and listening to my fellow-lodger, though we were still almost strangers. Late one night,however, as I was climbing garrctward after a lonely stroll in the moonlit streets, I camo face to face with her close to her Own rooms. She had evidently just come in, and was lighting a candle at a gas jet on tho landing. She smiled and nodded, and I was passing on when she called me back. 411 saw you in the front row of tho pit last night," ahe said, graciously. "Yes," I replied, "I had been there." She tittered, and X felt horribly bashful and uncomfortable. Tho door of her sitting room was open, and glancing through it-I saw a shabby little chamber, with a cloth laid fur supper, which consisted of bread and cheese and a glass of London porter. She followed my glance, smiled again, and led the way into the room. Scarcely knowing whut X was about, I stood on the threshold hesitat ing. " Come in and sitdown," she said, " unless you're tired and want to get to bed." - I assured her that I was not at all tired and that I seldom retired fo rest till the small hours in the morning. "Bad boy!" she answered. " What makes you sit np so late?1' Then before I could reply she added, "You needn't put down your pipe; you carfsmoke while I eat my supper." " - As she spoke , she threw off her hat and jacket, and waved me to a chair. X sat down speechless and gazed at her while she began, still standing, to eat the bread and cheese and sip the porter. , " How Jong have you been living here?" j^he asked after a pause. and when X told her I had-been there about a year she looked at mo thoughtfully and inquired. "What do yoQ do? I mean, what are you?" "Iam on author!" Ireplied, somewhat proudly. - - "A what?" 44 An author!" I repeated. The statement appeared to astound and puzzle ber, and she looked me from head to foot. with evident surprise; then her face brightened, and she laughed aloud. ~ 44 O Lord!" she exclaimed, biting through , a crust with her white teeth, and shrugging her shoulders. " Perhaps you don't understand what I mean?" x said,.annoyed at her want of respect for my vocation. She shrugged-her-shoulders again, and took a sip at the porter, then looking at me slyly over, the edge of the glass she smiled and observed: 44Oh,,I understand well enough. What do you write ?-Article?, stories, nowSpaper stuff? ,44Anything,"- I replied; "you see,I'm only a beginner, and it's hard work before one is known. However, I'm determined "to get on, and if I don't it won't be my fault'!' Then, baring found ray tongue, I began to feel at mv ease, and proceeded. " X only found out tho other day. that you were an actress.. X thought once of going on the stage myself. Dj you like acting?" "Pretty well." was the reply. "All my people are in the profession, and I've got to like.it. Father was a scene painter down in Plymouth ; he died there, and so.did mother. I came to London with ray sister two years ago, and we^went'onus ex-ras at. l3nuy 14 Where is your sister now ?" I asked..... *»To my 'surpnse ray neighbour's face dark ened; and without milking any reply. she began humming a popular tune, and walking over to the fireplace glanced at herself in a broken mirror above the mantelpiece. 44So you live here all alone?" I inquired. "That's about it," she replied. " I get thirty shillings u week, and the rooms cost ma twelve. I used to have one of the girls to live with me; but she was to«> fast to suit me, and we didn't get on.- Mr name isn't Costello, that's my stage name; my real name is Smith—Fanny Smith..What's yours?" .1 told her,, and to my surprise she laughed merrily. - 44 They've got another nam"? for you at the theatre," she said. " They call you 4 Curly and they think you're my sweetheart." Her manner was so- frank, and..free of arriere pms?c, aud her mirth at the idea so contagious, that I found myself laughing also, although I rather resented the descrip tive and not too respectful nickname her friends had given me. The ice once broken, I soon found myself tallriug: freely and quite unrcstraiuedly to my new friend. X told her of my struggles (always, however, concealing the extremity of my privations), hinted at rayj ambition, aud spoke, in short, as X hud notj spoken for mftuy a day to uny- human soul. As I proceeded her pretty face. grew gruv and graver; but suddenly in the midst of r talk Big Ben struck twelve, aud the clocks in I the surrounding streets began to chime in " Twelve o'clock," she said, yawning, and 1 holding out her hand. " Timo for bye-bye!" j "Good night, Miss Costello," I replied, J shaking her hand and passing to the door. "Fanuy's my name," she cried, 44Mi Costello's all rubbish! Goodnight." S.> 1 left her, and betook myself to my quarters on the floor ubove. After that wo met occasionally, though not so frequently as we might have done had my now friend been less busy; for they preparing a new. piece at her theatre, and she | .a rather a* longer part than usual, and was much occupied with preparations and con-1 .stant rehearsals; Sometimes she hod com pany ; not always of herown sex, and I could near the piano, playing till long after mid night. - • Another circumstance tended to keep us; apart,, and indeed to Veep me to a great extent to my own lonely quarters. At the very time of our first.meeting things had been at a desperate pass with me financially, and they were growing worse every day.- The news papers and magazines seemed to bavo made a ' dead set at last against my contributions, and though . I Worked harder than ever it was hopeless labour. My few books, and such little personal ornaments as I possessed, had gone to the pawnbroker, and my wardrobe was following piece by piece. The time seemed fast approaching when I should have nothing at all to wear! Poor as I was I was very proud, and I took care that no one sus pected my desperate condition. .In my brief talks with Fanny I posed as rather a pros perous person, and talked very largely about my literary prospects. I do not know if she suspected the truth; if so she never alluded to it, and moreover she was too fall of her ! own affairs to have much time to discuss mine. Thus, it happened, that as the days went on I saw less and less of my little neighbour. I knew that the new piece was successfully j produced, dud that she was praised for her I performance in it; but I was unable to visit the theatre; being practically a prisoner iu niy own room. One dismal afternoon, late in December, I I wus sitiiug all alone, wondering which pros I pect was the drearier, my own wretched ! future or the wintry street beyond my i window. It wonted only ft week to Christ ! mas, and the thought of .the approaching j holiday time only deepened my sense of personal misery. Suddenly I heard a soft knock at my door, and before I could call out "Come in," the door opened, and my neighbour appeared on the threshold. She looked fresh- and rosy, and wore her hat and cloak as if she had just come in from the street. "I say, is this for you?" she said. 111 found it downstairs in the lobby, and I thought I would bring it up." ■ Iu her hand she held a brown paper parcel addressed to me. I recognised it in a moment, and went red as fire. It was. one of my luckless manuscripts—a little two-act comedy, which had already been returned contemptuously by more than one London manager. " It's all rigbt, thank you," I stammered, | taking the packet from her and placing it on the table. " Yea. it's for me." I tried to speak cheerfully, but iu point of fact the return of this manuscript yvois my cotip de grace. All my hopes had been built on its acceptance,- and lhad been fondly dreaming. " Oh dear," cried Fanny, sympathetically, "I'm afraid I've brought you had news I" I forced a laugh. •_ ! • "Not at nil,7 I said. '"It's only manuscript—something I wanted on opinion about—and—and " She interrupted ine again with a little cry. She was bending over the packet and reading the superscription: - '*• , " why, it's been to our -theatre ! Is it.a play ? "Do you write plays? How funny?" \- T e&trcely; heard her, for it had suddenly occurred to zhe that there might after all be a letter inside, und' I had opened the packet with trembling fingers, and found, folded in the ' inanuscipt, a half-sheet of uote paper with the following lithographed memo randum: " Mr. Isaacson presents his compliments to Mr. (here my name was written in) and begs to return him the enclosed manuscript, which hois unable to accept forproduo • tion." - - With another - hollow laugh I threw, the paper on the table. Then-I said loftily: -'"Isent it to the manager, never thinking for a moment that it would be of auy tise to him. He has sent it back quite politely, that's all." "Who?" , 44 Why, Mr. Isaacson—your manager, don't suppose ho has read it." ^"You may bet 20 to 1 on that^" returned iny neighbour. "He never reads anything except the sporting papers." , •'Oh, he's thatsort of man, is he?" I said, carelessly. * • ; "Fes," she answered, nodding emphati cally; " and a beast into the bargain!" Without caring to ask her how she came to that conclu-ion, I thought it advisable to j change the subject. - . " And how are you getting, on ?" I asked, j " I bear you're made quite a hit this time!" •'Oh yes," sbo replied, " and I'm to have a really good part in the extravaganza at Christmas—a good speaking part, and doable salary. Why haven't you been to see me in the now piece ?" I explained that I had been so terribly busy—nad 'my hands so full of work, &c.;, but X would come all in good time, and I was very glad-she had been so successful. As I spoke her clear bright eyes watched me attentively and somewhat sadly. Presently she said: " Only last night I heard Isaacson saying he'd give his head for a new comedy. The present one won't go long, it's too slow. I suppose yours is clover?" I smiled, thinking in my heart that it ' very clever; but I explained with dignity j that I hud other views for it, and that I was iu communication respecting it in another | quarter. * Presently she stopped me, placing her little hand on my arm. "You're working too hard," she said. " You look awfully seedy." - - "Oh, I'm all right," I responded. ..".Very likely I shall go out of town at Christmas for a holiday. What's your new part to be P" She brightened and smiled, y. "Ob,-a fairy—with a song and dance? Old Phillips says I shall knock them this - time!" "Who's old Phillips?" . " Oh, a friend of mine who writes;in-.tho papers. He advises Isaacson, ho - docs. Isaacson couldn't get along without him." " My eyes opened. Could she possibly be* alluding to Phillips, the great dramatic author - and critic, who did tho theatrical review* for . the most influential newspaper of tho metropolis? I asked her the question, and she nodded. "That's him," she replied with ungram- . matical emphasis. " He's a good old sort and takes quite an interest in us girls. You ought to have sent your play to him; I'd have inado him read it!" ily amazement deepened. To think of Phillips—the great Phillips—before whom both managers and public trembled, bring on terms o^intimacy witha promoted extra lady! ' But of course I took the statement with a . groin of salt; not believing for a moment . that it bad any foundation in fact. "Well, goodbye," said Fanny, with her usual abruptness. • "I must get ready to go to the theatre. Don't work so hard, and mind you come and see me in the new piece as soon as possible!" So saying she disappeared, leaving me divided between shame and despair. Despair predominated, for it seemed that T had now played my last 'card, and unless a miracle' happened, there was nothing before me but starvation. A week passed by, and ray condition grew darker and darker. With only just enough to buy a little bread, I crawled on from day - to day. Too proud to beg or to reveal to anyone my real condition, I would creep out at night, and walk for hours in the dismal snow-clad streets, wondering what was to become of me, looking sometimes down into the depths of the black river and- wishing I had the courage to seek a last refuge there. I saw nothing of my neighbour, indeed, I carefully avoided . her, feeling that I could not haTe endured her pity. At lost—it was the night before Christmas Eve—I stood on Waterloo bridge, having paid my last halfpenny for toll to cross. The snow was failing and it was bitterly oold. My great coat had gone long ere that, and all the previous day I had only had a mouthful of food. I think I must have grown lightheaded; for the lights of London seemed dancing wildly round me, and the living shapes that passed me seemed like ghosts in a dream. Finally, as midnight etrack, I let myself into the' house where I lived, and crept, half fainting, up the stairs.' As I approached the landing below mine, X heard the sound of singing and piano playing, mingled with merry laughter; then a shuttle of feet as if some one was dancing, and a clapping of: hands. I clutched at the bannister, and the whole landing seemed to rock beneath me; then, suddenly, I staggered, - clutching at the door, and fell forward into . empty space. Tho Ltst thing I remember was the opening of a door, the sudden flashing of lights, ana then -strange forms bending OTer me, while a voice that I seemed to know.cried,, very far off it seemed,' and in a sort of misty dream, " Why, it's Carlyl"- • 