NEWS OF THE WEEK The Rev. G. E. Wheatley is expected to arrive at Edithburg on Saturday. Dr. J. H. Evans cautions residents in the city to boil water and milk before using it. On Monday last the Mayor of Adelaide celebrated the forty-first anniverary of his birth. The first half of the wine cellars at the Roseworthy Agricultural College, have been handed over to the Professor of Viticulture for use. The Directors of the Globe Salt Company have made a third call of £5 on all contributing shares numbered from 401 to 500 inclusive. The schooner Victoria bound from Circular Head, Tasmania, to Port Adelaide. struck the North Point reef and became a total wreck. No lives were lost Owing to the scarcity of water northeast of the Burra, the Pastoral Commission have postponed there visit to that part of the country, but will do so after the next rain. Messrs, Trudgen Bros, have commenced their contract for erecting the new Art Gallery, on the block of land between the University and the Drill-shed on North-terrace. The music of the Yorketown Brass Band was much appreciated by the residents of Edithburgh last Friday night. The different selections were heartily received and applauded. The third test match between England and Australia, which was played in Adelaide, resulted in a gratifying addition to the revenue of the railways. No fewer than 4,500 special tickets were issued to excursionists from the country to Adelaide. In another column will be found an advertisement notifying that Mr. R. Mullner has been instructed by Messrs. Anstey and Giles to sell by public auction at Penton Vale Station a number of horses, waggons, and sundries. The sale will take place on Thursday, February 24. at 2 p.m. Harvest thanksgiving services were celebrated at the Coobowie Wesleyan Church on Sunday last. The Rev. C. H. Nield officiated in the afternoon and Mr. R. Newbold in the evening. The congregations were good and suitable hymns for the occasion were selected. On Sunday next in the Yorketown Wesleyan Church Harvest Thanksgiving services will be held. The Rev. C. H. Nield will preach in the morning at 11, and in the evening at 6.30 the Rev. G. E. Wheatley will conduct the service. On Tuesday in the Institute, a harvest tea will be held at 5 p.m. and at 7.30 the Rev. G. E. Wheatley will deliver a lecture on "Ghosts." Offerings are invited on behalf of the circuits funds. Monday, February 7, will long be remembered all over Australia as smoky Monday. The heat and smoke was unbearable and very trying. Anywhere and everywhere smoke was visible; on the land it presented a foggy appearance and at sea a very thick haze met the eye. At times the sun was quite invisible, and the moon at night had a very peculiar appearance The cause this unusual occurrence was without doubt the bush fires which were raging in the various parts of the colonies. Navigation was very much interfered with: "dead slow" as the order and fog signals and rockets were very often used. 