A. Story with » Purpose. [SELECTED BY " NESTOEIAN."] The following letter was written by; the Abbo Lammemtis to a friend previous* to the fall of tho Vilble Ministry ic France in 1827, This is mentioned iucase it should be thought to have been> penned quite recently and inspired by the political tactics of the Premier of- West Australian: — " Do you not think,- my dear friend, that it one were asanxious to nave one's soul as that man is to remain a Minister, it would be as iL one were already iu Heaven? But such' energy is only for hell -hell in tins world,, or hell in the next. For I do not think that there can bo down there, in thetmpire of shades, any prison equal to* those oliici il residences so desired and so sought after, at tho gates of- which stand aud watch tbe ghosts whem Eneas saw at the entrance of the kingdom of darkness.- Why then, Mr. President, do you require so much pressing? Come now, a little - reason—but, instead of listening, there' he sits counting ; 1 vote, 2 votes, 10 votes*- 50 votes! A minority of 50! The pen* falls from his hand, his head is weighed> down; he is absorbed by some great thought, Then he begins onee more to 1 count; his face expands; he has discovered a new combination,- a law o£. attraction', hitherto unknown, which will ; cause the legislative bodies (they are not celestial bodies) to gravitate round their centre, which is himselfi It is done;; the Ministerial universe will go on. Onthe first day he is hopeful, on the'- second day he is hopeful, but on the* third, good-bye to the law, good-bye toattraction, good-bye to the universe, good-bye to everything !• And he says,, > At least understand that after me there 1 will be no more sun. I warn you at: most- th-j moon will remain- to you.. This is met by a chorus of voices 'Long live the moon! We love the io- ;iu! We wdiu. the uioon! Give us ! the moon !' And I think that, willing or no, the sun will have to give place,, which would be very sad if we were not already in mid- winter ! " FOUR Yiii-us LIVING IN A VAULT.—- A man was found on Friday week in a- var.lt under an old church near Summertown, clcse io Adelaide. It is supposed that his name is Jo'oi Gore, wdio has been mbsing for about five years. It is believed that he hc.3 been living in his dismal domicile for about four years. In all probability he was supplied with food, money, and clothes by his twin brother,. Thomas, who is very solitary in; his habits. When the hermit was arrested and brought into the presence of Thomas- Gore the men appeared to koow each oilier but refused to sneak. The other members of the Gore family recognisethe waif as their brother John, but hopersists that lib name is Williams.. 