' 3AUBER0US WRONGS*' What Poor Sharers Ha re to Standi Bin, 'As a constant reader and admirer of . you and your paper, I feel every gratitude lor the step you have taken in bringing to light the sweating evil which has existed for years, and which evil still exists and is getting worse from year to year in our trade A3 XjdllUCOBSSC a,Dl?tlillkB, X CaU liUUU(0o every word you have said in your article, and can give you some more particulars. Not only are the hours on week days from G &.m. to 9 p.m., on Saturday Irorn G am. to II p.m„ but in many cases it is 11.30 before the men can leave their shops. This for a paltry wa»e on an average of £1 5s to £ I Io j per week (those shops Who pay above £1 15b you can count on the fingers of one hand). As you rightly remark, the holes or dens which are wrongly styled 'saloons,' have, in the majority of cases, no ventilation worth mentioning, and are mostly badly lighted, Also by the nature of our trade we have breathed in our faces all ports of impure air, which we not always can help inhaling, and this fact does not improve the unhealthy condition of our trade. We do want some hours for outdoor exercise. But of those paltry wages which we are compelled to accept by force of circumstances, many men like myself, have to keep wives and large families, and are required to dress themselves respectable in good clothes and linen, sad have to be a bit of a 'Coghlan' to calculate how to do it, without living like a Chinaman. Not everybody is such a mathematical genius as our present Premier, who by cer tain combination of figures oaa m&ke; a surplus out of a deficit. In some shops, which I could name, if so required, the men have to work on Sunday morning for three or four hours for some small extra pay. Of course the men could refuse, but they surely wo.ild lose their billets, and when a man has a wife and family to support, he puts np with a lot, and considers it twice before be refuses, which, perhaps, would mean to him to be out ot work for weeks, and no savings to fall back on. You, Sir, have pat the whole question into a nutshell by the following sentence in your article, 'The employee, being in necessitous circumstances, and depending upon his billet for the maintenance of his home, is compelled to grin and bear that which his poverty renders him powerless to prevent.' This sentence of yours contains the whole secret of our misery. Borne five or six years ago a meeting of hairdresser assistants was called together for the purpose of forming a nnion, bat out of fear of losing their billets, most of the assistants did not respond to this call, A sort of nnion was formed, and we even managed to get some redaction in the amount of honrs for labor ; but- as the union was very sickly when it started, it soon died a natural death from want of means to support its life. Our so-called 'labor mem bers' in Parliament, who boasted that they would look after the interests of their fellow-workmen, never troubled themselves to enquire into tho shameful condition of our trade* Therefore, it is a matter of great satisfaction for me, as well as many' others, to know that this Parliament will soon have to give np its unclean ghost, and I certainly hope that the majority of the present. labor members will be left out in tho cold when the next election takes place. In conclu sion, permit mo to assure'you, Sir, that I feel very confident that yon, Sir, having taken up our case, will not let the matter slip without having gained some lasting benefit for some hundreds of your fellow men and their families. Thanking you in anticipation.— Yours, etc, FIGARO. Sir.— i read with interest the article in Truth last Sunday, 'Among the Barbers,' and I must state yon deserve the thanks of every barber in (Sydney. Unfortunately, I am a barber and speak from experience. It is simply scandalous the way in which the trade is carried on in Sydney, as apart from having to work from as early as half past 7 in tbe morning till 9 at night, nine out of every ten have to go back on Sunday from half-past 8 till 12 and get nothing extra. God only snows it is bad enough to have to work six long days a week at starvation wages, witboat having to work a half-day on Sunday. I have to work from half *past 7 ' till 9 every night bar Thursdays, when I get off at 6 o'clock. I get an hour for dinner, and have to get my tea sent to the shop, and eat it as best lean. I generally have to eat it cold. 1 also hare to go back on Bnnday from half-pass 8 till 12, and get nothing extra, all for 80s ner week. Tbe boss charges 6d a shave and Is for hair cutting oc Sundays. He therefore gets double pay, and I—well, I get a cigar when I am leaving. Now, 1 ask in the name, of humanity is this fair? The trade wants re-organising. — Yours, etc., A HAIRDRESSER UNFORTUNATELY. Bib.— Permit me to say a few words in re ference to the 'Evils of the Hairdreiilng Trade' and the cause of such evils. It is very true that hairdressers are compelled to work in the close vitiated atmosphere of ill ventilated denB and holeB, miscalled saloonB, for 78 hours per week for a paltry pay and pittance averaging 35s per week, and in many cases that wage is difficult to obtain. The cause of it is simply explained, There are many hundreds of so-called hairdressers knocking about who have never served one hour to the trade, and are not fit to handle a razor let alone operate on the public. It is those men that do a tradesman out of a job. In the first place, when an employer advertises for a liand, those so-called 'ton corial artists' apply for the billet, aud, being strangers to the employer, are very often engaged, with the result that before the week is out tbe 1 Boss ' discovers that he is not a tradesman and therefore muBt cut-his wages down 6s or 10s per week which the ' artist ' eagerly aocepts. Should that man leave the job and a tradesman applys for the billet he is told by the ' Boss ' tbat the laBt man be had worked for him at eo and so and he couldn't think of giving him the wage he requires, then the poor tradesman, seeing there is no hope of obtaining higher wages must acoept or rank amongst the unem ployed. An employer is not to blame for getting a man tor as cheap a wage as he can 'it is done in every line of busiuess'but a tradesman knows what he is worth and will stick out for it, whereas those inferior 'artists ' will accept a few bob a week for the sake of being called hairdressers, and let me inform you, sir, that the employer is not to blame for the long hours and low wages. It is the inferior employees who, when they find they cannot keep a job, go and opeu business on their own and cut the prices down. These men are the cause of long hours and low wages, which a man has to pay to compote with, them. Tlyjy want abolishing from tho trade altogether : then wc will not have long hours aud low wages. For proof of the above just pay a visit to some of the best city shops, aud you will find that they employ only first-class men, pay top wages, ana. the hours are short. If the master hafr-dreBsers were to close their salooaa at the same hour as a George-street , shop is doing-— viz., 8 o'clock ou week nights aad 10 oa Saturdays, they would dad that their weekly takings would not deteriorate, and the public would find time to get shaved i within those hoars. I thoroughly agree with you that it is a matter for inclusion in the Factories Bill and for tho consideration of Parliament,— -Yours, etc, W L FALYEY, 630 George-street, City, Sir,— It is with pleasure tbat I, for one, soe that you are going to take the hair dressers' grievances in hand, and only hope tbat you will meet with success and help from those in the trade. Our trade would have been recognised had it not been for the Labor Party putting a block on it when the Factories and tihops Bill was before the Hous& It would only want two or three members to take it up for us. then we may have our hours shortened. An Act of Par liament would only make it a success for u?, and tbat is to include hairdressers and tobacconists in the Factories and Shops Act. 1 have a business of my own, aud do not em ploy anyone, eo i think I speak in a lair way to all in the trade ; and 1 also think our trade would be better for it in the course of time. —Yours, etc., F. PUIOL. 31 Cleveland- street, Darlington. 