BReti&JS-RIMW; GttBA:TER.-'—NEW ■ YORK LETTER. 1 Shic.s tbaiiiews. reached us. al/jnyv. dftjs/go of .the •-frightful' pclamity tit. ijuvana, Jiardly any other subject litis received n,ny con sideration. Men stopped in the streets and flie first; question asked was : " Anything new from Havana'(" The extent; of (.lie appalling calamity has grown rapidly. First it was only thirty ki.lod and now the death list heralds (he practical destruction of the cruw. The feeling that moves this community at the present time is terrible and deep. Men speak in low tones and with bated breath, as if afraid to trust tlieins jives by voicing the horrible .suspicion which haunts them and, like Banquo's ghost, will not go down. It is no use to deny it; our relations with Spain have been exceedingly, strained for several months past, for it is well .known that the war material and money furnished by the sympathisers < f Cuba Li I ire here have been the -principal means- of sustaining the revolutionists, .ami but for this aid the rebellion .could have been crushed long ago. Suppose Spain ruled -. to-day the imperial domain « hick is now .known to be the richest portion of the globe, there is no power on the earth tiiat could stand for .a moment before her. All that immense I treasure house that stretches away from the boundary of the British posses sions to Capo Horn belonged to Spain; Mexico was hers ; Chili and Peru paid [ her tribute ; Texas, tho largest state in tho ; American Union, belonged to her, till she was robbed of it by a band of American free booters, whose sole object in securing this magnificent prize was the strengthening of the influence of the slave power. The ablest and most honest statesmen of the South were beginning to realise the approach of the inevitable conflict, the termination of which would result in the founding of a slave empire. Texas was torn from Mexico just as Mexico tore herself from Spain only a few years before. Previous t:> the revolution of Mexico all' the territory now comprisim- Colorado, New Mexico, Id;.ho, Montana, California, Wash ington and Oregon, Spain hold by title un cpiestioned, md now in her old age, when she finds tlwt the last remaining jewel in her "diadem is being torn from Ivor, lot us not' wonder lhatshe does what we would do under similar .circumstances, when she stands .with' the knife at her throat, the ishmacl of the century, wi-h her hand against every man and every man's hand a ainst. her. Let us at least (iccord to her, a great and proud nation, ! the s urto rights and the same privileges that we accord the mcanast of our cyiminals—the right to be esteemed innocent till she has boen proven guilty. Even if the in ventilat ing committte prove fcha< some Spanish fanatic caused the destruction of the Maine, no one can condemn the Spaniards as a nation for the act of one man. Two of our Presidents have been a.ss>!=siuated within a few years of each .other, and I have hoard in a crowd of fire . eating Southerners that the destruction of slavery was the best thing that ivis ever hap pened to. the South. Such a .declaration, 10 years ago, in any of the rough crowds with which this city was then curscd would have cost the speaker his life. The friendly oiler of Spain to have their own diver to assise in the examination of the Maine and to ascertain, if possible, the cause of the destruction, iias been respectfully and firmly declined by our government, giving the government, of Spain to understand that wo feel perfectly competent to make our own in vestigation. The United States wants notliing but thetrith, and that it-will have if it is in the power of mortal man to obtain it. - Itasks no more; it will accept no less. War is cruel wage it in what way you will. It means desolate hearthstone.0, scalding tears and broken hearts, tho widow's cry, the orphan's m un, hunger, pinching poverty, and bitter cold, no home, desolation and suffering everywhere. The wretched creatures who are shouting for ven geance on our near and unfortunate neighbor are crying for that in which they take no part, except to follow s, safe distance in the rea-, robbing the dying and the dead. * Tho men who fought our buttles in the Rebellion have supped full of horrors ; they have seen the dread holocausts of Antietam, Stone River, S'niloh and Gettysburg. They remember the desperate struggle v.-hich con secrated with the best; blood of our country the name of " Gulp's Hill " to freedom for evenuore and made the name of Round Top immortal. Wherever justice and humanity reign su p'-emc there will be joy and gladness if the investigation now taking place shall prove Spain's innocence of this dreadful crime be yond the shadow of a doubt, and that the dreadful calamity was duo to a natural cause which no ordinary human foresight could have prevented. It would almost seem as if the warring elements were taking cognisance of the ter rible crime, as they did when Maebeth's bloody dagger Accomplished the foul murder of King Duncan. All the wild sweep and swirl of that dread ful night .were heard uncanny screams and cries of murder. Weird ghosts swept, through the air, riding upon the lightning's flaming wing, cleaving do-.vn homos and churches and everything that, impeded its ruthless path. I cannot and will not believe that Spain, now in her maturity ; Spain, tho inheritor of the grandest traditions and memories that glorify the annals of past, time, could ever consent to the cold blooded assassination of a few hun dred of hor people whom she had invited to her board to partake of her hospitality. If the wild Arab of the desert allows you to put your foot inside his tent and shares with you his bread and salt—while you are within the lines where h& holds rule your safety is us sacred to him as the chastity of his daughter or the honor of his wife. Let the investigation go forward, relying on the Almighty to gu:de us to the truth. If Spain's honor shall come thr-mgh the terrible ordeal pure and spotless as the mountain , snow there is not 011 this planet a nation that will rejoice more heartily than ours; but if beyond the shadow of a doubt the guilt of this great crime shall be hers, then, with tearful eyes and sorrowful hearts, let justice be done, and the guilty receive such punishment as shall mark them as the perpetrators of one of the raosfc infamous and cowardly crimes recorded in the hist' -ry of time. The blizzard that swept down on us a few days ago, while not- as disastrous as the wicked storm of ten years ago, lias neverthe less left behind it a broad swath of ruin and disaster quite sufficient to have a premium bad mark against it for some years to come. If I were inclined to be supersititious I would go at one.3 to the palmist's and have my i destiny settled at onoe for a dollar and fifty cents. The record of suicides, murders and other evil doings i) phenomenal. I don't know whether to locate my storm centre froni the last phenomenal blizzard ot February 10, but here are the hard facts : Murders, sui cides, robberies and other crimes doubled since theblir.'.ard, and how do you account for it. I don't account for it. I can't deed it nfc for it. I'll gw to the palmist's. He keeps the news I want always on tip. Ycs, to him I'll go and read my answer in the stars. , So poor Billy Seanlan, this Irish comedian, is gone at last—-peace, to his ashes, for, in sooth, he was a merry man, and there are thousands of men of high and low degree whom this world could have better spared than Bill Si- anb.n. The business of his life, was to make people feel .happy, nnd he suc ceeded almost, beyond hope, under the man agement of Augustus Pitou. He was rapidly making a fortune when he was stricken with paralysis or softening of the brain, of which he died. He was a great favorite with the general pub'ic and, as an inter preter of the sweet melodies of Ould Ireland, up to the time he left the stage, he stco.i without a peer, but Chauucey O cott, who supplies his place, has already become quite as successful as Mr Sc.anl.vn, and a year or two of his presents success will give hiin a comfortable fortune. No suicide that h:is taken place this winter has caused a m re profound sensa tion of genuine and uuipialiiied sorrow than that of Leonard R. We les, the last Police Commissioner of tho City of Brooklyn pre vious to t,he consolidation, lie was one of the best Police Commissioners that Brooklyn ever had, and his suicide under tho most, painful circumstances was a severe an • pain ful .shock, lie was always a gentleman, kind and consider t.e r.o these who uvrit assoei .ted -vit!i him, and it. is thought that, the sttiiili of business of the p'isr few week*, was too much fur him and his mind gave way. He wandered oil'from a sanih'riiiiii in New Jersey, where he had been stopping f:ir s»mc time past-, ;iiid. mUi»n his perished alone m ttie wooiis. .ins is another of the gr-.-o iMuira.sis of whuh 1 spoke liV*'. week. One day in command of thousands day -a. lunatic I suicide. dVins idone iii.tho woods. " r... ...... iTours.truIy...... ... i:'C"EROADBRIM. t • ; 