General Motes. [By Ferdinand.] An ontiroly now and original farce id on at tho Macquario street thoatro this wook. Tho Pro trude Opposition, whoso policy in opposition ia aud always hiw boon sununod up in tho words : '?Bo against tho Government,' aro quarrelling with tho Frce-toction Govornmont bocauao tho lattor havo proposod coitum customs ilutios. Whon tho party roprosontotl by tho present Opposition woro in power, thoy proposod land and incomo tuxos, but on tho Upper House objecting thoy droppod tho subject and provod tho wuaknoss of thoir democratic principles by allowing a handful of fat men in tho Council to ovorrulo thorn iu rogard to finnuco. Thou when lloid camo into oflico and carriod tho land and incomo taxos tho Opposition 6howod thom solvos in thoir own truo colors as Tineompvomis ing opponents of thoso taxes, which wovo do signod to chock land monopoly and mako tho wealthy pay a sharo of taxation- Tho Opposition havo howlod for Protection and customs taxa tion tho last four or fivo yoars, although thoro is room for for a suspicion that what somo of them dou't know about tho principles o£ Protection would fill a largo book. And now that Reid proposos to givo thorn a trtsto of what thoy havo been asking for, thoy fly at his throat. Ii-' tho Opposition as a whole aro in a Reidiculous position regarding tho voto of consuro, how much moro so aro tho membors for tho sugar districts. Thoso members aro especially interested in tho sugar duty, whilo tho other havo only a general interest in it as part of a protective policy. Tho Opposition say thoy sunk tho fiscal quostion, but thisploa will not holl good with tho morn bers who havo siuco tho olootiou repoatodly askod tho Govorninont to retain tho sugar duty. Yet wo aro told that tho Opposition unanimously docidod to movo tho votu of consuro. Wero tho tho northern mombors present at tho mooting at which this decision was airivod at, and did thoy agroo to that course of action ? If so, did thoy forgot how tho intorosts of thoir constituents would bo affectod ? We cannot suppose for a moment that tho loader ol fl,n r'W-.Tinoif !/-,i, -n.Aiilrl /Innirlr* mi mnrmrr tVns motion if tho northern members wero against him, othorwiso wo must condudo that tho in fluonco of thoso mombers, of which wo hear so much, is reprosontod by a. big round O. And if thoso members woro not presont at the moot ing, their absouco must in a measuro bo held accountable for tho complication that has arisen. And if they woro prosent and wero so forgetful of then- constituent's interests as to approvo of n voto of consuro being movod, and finding since that they put their foot iu it' what will thoy do '( If they are loyaL to their party, they will be false to thoir constituents, and if they break away from tho course of action to which they committqd their leader, they will be ostracised from their party. They aro botweou tho devil and tho deep sea. Their intelligence and their fitness to watch over tho interests of thoir con .?-tif noTif^ in o nviCMLi O vet r\i1 f vio 1 nilil if. TT71 I 1 r'l/* well for them if they all como through tho ordeal with credit. In tho list of Opposition membBre present at tho meotiug at which it was docided to movo tho voto of consuro wero Mossrs M'Farlane, Seo, Pyors and Perry, In an interview on the following day, Mr Barton is reported to have said that, as far as he- knew, tho Opposition were unanimous in rogard to tho voto of censure. That boing so, ir does not appear that tho nor thorn mombors pointod out how their consti tuents would be efioctod by tho voto, or the em barrassing position in which they would be placed in voting to cansuro tho Premier for giv ing effect to a promiso that they had wrung from him and which was tho only protective proposal in his policy. Tho least that could have been oxpoctod from tho northorn membors is that the} would havo 'opposed a course of action which would havo placed them in such an anomalous position, and havo taken a neutral attitude 01 held themselves freo as to how they should vote. Fuhtiier light is thrown upon tho situation by a report in tho S. M. Heuald of tho views of Opposition. The following extracts aro quoted : 'Opposition members generally wore sanguine. They urged that the position of tho Government, considered generally, was far from being strong. And it was hopod that the artillery which Mr. Barton would bring to bear upon tho ranks oi Ministerialists would be pretty destructive. Then an attempt would be mado to enlighten the labor members as to the prejudicial effects of the new duties considered from tho standpoint oi consumers at Broken Hill. To that district largo supplies were drawn from South Australia, aud as duties would now havo to be paid on those necessaries of life of the miner and artisan more especially, tho question would be pointedly askod. What did tho labour members consider it to bo their duty to do in tho circumstances ?' In short tho Protectionist (?) members proposod to appeal to the Free Trade proclivities of the Labor mem bers to oppose the customs duties, including the sugar duty. Tho result will probably bo known before these notes are printed, and whatever it may be, thero will undoubtedly be a. lot of ex planation required concerning tho situation. Some timo ago a writer in the Advocate told a story of two farmers who, haviug hoard of the advantages ol 00-oporatiou, aocided to give up dairying and cane growing, and go in entirely for co-operation. Thero are some ' educators ol tho poople' running loose whose ideas of the subject of co-operation aro as hassy as those of tho farmers who wero satirisod as above. The Wingham Ciuiqnicle, commenting on tho evil effects of tho importation of large quantities of maizo from America, says : ' It is about time tho farmers determined to form a co- operativo selling agency, and thus prevent speculators importing maize to compote with the produco consignod to agents from New South Wales farmer.' I would suggost that the Clarence Farmer's Union should sond a deputation to tho Manning to capturo the wild oconomist who penned the abovo extract, and bring him to the Clarence to explain to tho benighted farmers here how co-operation for t-io sale of their own produco is going to prevent the importation of maizo. I havo been studying tho question but have not yot loarnod how co-operation is goiug to keep out foreign produco without tho aid of a protective duty. But tho Wingham Cjjkon icle man evidently knows all about it, and 60 do tho oditovs o£ some o£ the othor papers who reproduced tho abovo paragraph iu all serious ness, The world has now two historical pictures in its gallery. Tho German Emperor at the tomb of King David aud Napoleon beforo the Sphinx of Egypt. Mark Twain also vieitod tho tomb of Adam, aud mado appropriate reflections. The Emperor is said to bo tho first Christian who has boon allowed to visit tbo tomb of David since 1100, so, perhaps, now that the ice has boon broken, il will bcoomo tho fashion to make a pilgrimage to this epot aud stoal a i'ow bits of stone and writo 'Bill Smith' and ' Arriet 'Awkius' about tho place. Tho cable doos not say whether tho Kaiser wrote his namo up or not, probably not — tho Kaiser is a gentleman ; but if tho Cockney tourists flock to David's tomb aud mako up tho arroar of yoars siuco 1100, David's ghost will floo in horror. According to tho Vienna correspondent of tbo Daily Mail, a Huugarian villago lawyer shot two men who killod his pet dog. Ho was arrostod, put on his trial for murder, aud acquit tod by a jury of Hungarian citizens, The anti Magyar journals have not failed to make capital out of this verdict, whioh establishes, a procodeut that a dogs' lifo is worth that of two uaeu, 