\- rWv>- . Sermon. The Confessional. FATHER DONNELLY. S J. The Rev. Father Donnelly, S.J., preached to a crowded congregation at the Church oE St. Charles, Liverpool, from the text: "Receive ye the Holy Ghost. Whose sins you shall forgive, they are forgiven; whose sins you shall retain, they are retained." (St. John xx.) He said:—It was a mar vellous feat to take a poo^, ignqrant, rude fisherman and place him in the centre of the culture ana civilization of the pagan world, bidding him teach the nations the way of truth and justice in spite of every danger and peril that the evil passions of men might raise against him, and now, after 1,800 years of storm and conflict, as we survey the prisoner of the Vatican, the successor of the fisherman, reigning over the hearts and consciences of so many millions of his fellow-men by virtue of the words, " Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build My Church, and the gates . of hell shall not prevail against it," are we not compelled to cry out that by the creation of the Pope God has left in the world an incomparable monument of His Divinity. And yet, marvellous as this work is, I do not hesitate to say that that was a work less perilous, less difficult, less exposed to failure than what Christ did on the day when He established Confession. What did such a Sacrament demand ? What, but two things humanly speaking impossible. The penitent must be created; so, too, mqst the confessor. Proud, selfish man had to be taken in the midst of the icy silence with which he enshrouds him self when he does not wish anyone to penetrate the secret recesses of his sow. and bidden to kneel at the feet of a man. no better than himself, and to declare to that man what he hides from his friends and his children, nay, what he blushes to own to himself. This Jesus Christ has done. He has imposed upon proud human nature two laws of unbending strictness. All are to confess their sins, and each one has to confess all his sins. How utterly ridiculous and foolish is such a command if Jesus be not God! All, without exception, have to confess their sins. Though they may be in the prime of life, girt round until honor and glory, renowned for their talents or their genius, seated even on the throne, they must kneel at the feet of a man, poor, humble, lowly, insignificant, inferior to themselves on many points. Though we may be Pope, bishop, priest— honored and venerated as a saint—there is no exception for us. Every baptised Chris tian, once he has fallen into grevious sin, must seek out the priest of God and humbly beg forgiveness in the tribunal of penance. Now, the task would not be sq irksome if we had only to confess certain grave offences, of a public character, which are notorious to all, crimes such as murder which trouble and torment the soul by the remorse that tbey generate; but no, each and every sin must be confessed, sins that are perpetrated in the innermost folds of the human conscience, and over which we may have gloated in fond imaginings. There is no exception. All have to be confessed, no matter what the pangs may be that the disclosure costs us. Hard as it is to create the penitent, it is a far harder task to create the confessor, and to create him in such wise as to ensure his accep tance. Man's heart is a mystery; it is a heart of beauty and yet of ugliness; % heart that loves too little or two much; a heart that is at times too self-esteemed, and at others too demonstrative towards others. This heart must be taken, ground down, as it were, destroyed, and a new heart created in its place. The confessor must have a heart filled with lore so intense that nothing can tire it, neither faults, nor weaknesses, nor crimes, nor the thousand repetitions of the same old tale. His heart must be on fire so that nothing can stop him in his work of zeal; neither Buffering, nor danger, nor death itself. His love must be so real that he can give up all—business, studies, pleasure; nay, family life itself, with all its lawful bless ings and helps—that he may be ever ready to help those who stand in need of his sympathy and assistance. He must likewise be marked and distinguished by the universality of this sublime love. He must love the poor as well as the rich, the garrulous old man as well as the pre possessing young child, the soul of the villain and the scoundrel as well as that of the saint, and he must be as content to descend the steps of the prison to save the soul of a condemned criminal as to mount the steps of the throne to save a king's soul. In other words, the confessor must have a boundlessness of love and breadth of heart that are clearly not of this world. Furthermore, he must be adorned with extraordinary purity of heart. He must have a heart that loves without loving, a heart of fire and yet of ice. Alas! what misery and wretchedness if his heart iB not on fire for souls! Alas! what risk and danger for himself if his heart is not of ice! Oar Lord desired, moreover, that confessors gifted with these wondrous qualities should exist ou an immense scale. His wish it was that there should be con fessors in abuhdance, to whom penitents might have recourse, in every age and in every clime. They must he "distinguished for their discretion; they must have lipB that were never to disclose the secrets of thesouls entrusted to them; their hearts; must lie inaccessible to cnjriosity, vanity, and, igp; heartsin. which the, penitenf. migbjk repose the heavy burden dfThiB crane witiibut the least fear or dread ^ anyfuturt dis<dbsure,r 