News in Brief. Tim doatli is unnouncod of Mr. W. Edwards, of Riveret 110, aged 83. SIR George Turner thinks that Federated Australia could borrow money at 2£ per cent* A disrahk called "mad stnggora" is causing tome mortality among horses in the Windsor district. Sm Gonrgo Turnor, Pieinior of Victoria, states that ho has no intention of ilo.il ing n loan in London fill January, 1899,when ho will place £1,000,000 on the market. Mk. Brunkcr. is recovering from his in disposition,- and his medical attendant is hopeful that ho will 1)8 ablo to leave his bed shortly. . , ...\\\ ' ? Tins deat'hs of Messr*.' John FiUiioruld,. of Kaupa'oobio,: and Thomas 0 Dea, old idenUtns of the Oiango district, uie aii nounccd. MK. Jonis wuii tho.tnitch of tho ohrss championship in fcydnoy on Monday. The scores now arc:1-Mr. Jacobscn 4, Mr. .?onas 1, drawn 8. TUP. weather haft boon oxtromely eold in the groutbr part nf New Zealand, and heavy ; falls.of snow.have.taken placu at Duuediu, Wellington, and Christchurch. '. TnNDEits for.'iinprovcd Uases of tho. Wist Bogari lands, which have beet) cleaiedof sural) by' the Government; hnvb been opened for 22 blocks, covoring 118,480 across Fifteen .blocks.have been/appliod for by :19 appli cants. ; \ .. -,f ^ . .. Mu. R. Scddon, Premier of.New Zealand,' was presented 'with: u gold watch and an illnminiiled address on Saturday, in honor of his 53rd birthdiy; Mrs.' Seddnn received a gold WAtoh and a picco of plate, in recog nition of, her services in the liberal cause. - JTmk bodyof a.man named;Charles Will' more was found by. two men on Sunday in u paddock at Rodlands, 3 or -1 miles from Co rowft. . His throat was cut, and ho had in his righthandaruzor. The inan had b;on'tmes iug from Monahan's farm sinco Friday \ycelc. . A NEW; American dunce is imminent, says a.Londoncontemporary ; but what. mannnr of dance it is has not yet transpired. . The step 'is caticd " Dewey Two," and - it i is roported to have already, in tho Slates, ^ to hayo entirely superseded .the Washington ! Post, that followed so quickly, in tho btep3 I of tho departing Barn Dauco. Mk. Hicksnn, Undor-Seorolary for Public I Work and Commissioner for Roads, .and Mr. Doburgh assinant engineer, in company with Mr. Davidson, Inspector- General of Public Wotkv, Victoria, visited Albury on 1 Saturday, in order toarrange forthcconstruc* tiou of tho upproaohos of the now uuion bridge on tho Victorian sida, * Tin: tallowing amounts were sent out of West Australia by money-order remittances during July London, £5010 ; South Aus tralia, , £7000 j Viotorin, £24 000.: Now South Wales, jCSOOOj Quccnblmd £1000 ; Tasmania, £U000; total, £47,010. This totnl shows a dccrcuso of £5375 as compute 1 with tho previous! month, and £35,502 as compared! with ihoojrrcflpondiug month! of last year. ~ Is a recent official. report, Uuilod States Consul. Smith,. of Moscow, says, thav a telegram from Toundt annouueod the finding of a gold.;.»nugget, weighing' 701b, in tho Spasso Picobrujonsk Mines, situated on tho River Chibyek, in tho - district of Yca'bs*yi Tho.nuggot, says,tho/Comul, will ba found to take tho elovcuth place, as.far, as size is concerned; uinong tho riupgels 'of tho whole world, and thai second among those found in Rusaio. Tholfirstiwas found in the south of Oural Mountains. : ... ! TUB .Queensland Promior, in tho course of a reply to a dcputtliou in favor of womon 1 suffrage,'said tho question of Federation wan one'nfTecting the s'nbjoot of female franchise-1 It would create a difficulty' in dealing with our cuuetilulion. inuamuah as it would moan a .wuito of Parliamontury time to deal with womanhood fruubhise. In the meantime,'if tho Federation 'question were to be intro duced,say, next year, ho thought tho prop ir and constitutional way In deal with the question wns by the electors of l he colony at tho gcucrM election, and his Government shared his views. j . RKi-nnniNn to tho blooitading of ports dur ing war uFalrplay"eaya: The little'Banshce (N6. I) which so frequently ran tho bloukado at tho timo of tho Civil War in tho States* mude on ouo voyage from Nassau to Wilmington £50 per ton on war materia), £70 per ton on tobacco, and £50 par hula ou ovor 500bale« of aotton outwards. This iVesselj) notwithstanding her- total loss by capturo,.earned sufficient on her.eight round trips to pay her shareholders 700 per cent, on tlioir invtstmout; Ou a vo)*ago made by Bamboo (NO.- 2), ocoupying only twenty, days,< with'provision, inwards and a - fino cargo,, most of it sea island cottou outwards, tho proRt amountod'to over £85,000. : A DBSCUH'TIOS of tlio eniption of tho vqlcauo, Lopovi in the New Flebridos liis boon received froni tho Rov. T. Smaill, lit Nikaiira. Ho says that Qrst there oaino 'a' cejics of short booming reports, which wore, attiibutcd to Uie .Amln'yu volcano, which, is. very active. .These were sue. ccodcd by a tremendous roaring, aocom paniod by a continuous and sharp trembling of the .'grounds . After this gruat outburst all below tho sky lino wub blotted out with an inky-black and impenetrable otoud. The orunlion occurred on Friday morning, and on Saturday a heavy thunderstorm cleat bd tho atmosphero, and. in the. sunlight- the .familiar cone of Lopcvi could be soon uoiid ing up black smoko from its summit. ' The last serious outbreak was in lS70, when the natives had to flee. ' . - ' . : j MONDAY was fixed for the annual 11 Ski" (snowshoo) raouB at Kiandra,. on, Mount Kosoiusko. On Swturday the inountuiu sides wore covcred with heavy snow, and it was expcctod that tho conditions;for ''ski iug" would bo perfect. But a sharp frost, a thunderstorm, a fall of snow, an earthquake and a thaw occurred within 21 hours, and ouch contributed to mike suow shoo racing difficult. In tlio afternoon Miss Maggie i'au won the Ludtcs*-Chumpiopship, steer ing ovor a courso of 200 < ynrds in 14 sou; Tho gold medal of tho Kiandra Club was SQeured by Mr. John Scoon, a Canadian goutlcmou, woll-kuown in; Sydney musical ciroU'S. Mr. F. Weselman covered 400 yards in23scc. Tho race for tho cham pionship of Now'South Wales had to ho postpoucd owing to durknoss coining on aud the courtc beiug duugorous. TUB : ."ghost" uiiisunco , Iiuh reached Castlomaine, Violoiiu.. It is alleged that a 14 ghost " nightly disporU itself arouud the Cump IUscrve, uud lulies and children are afraid to cross. tho reserve at night. Tho.\\\ghost" evidently uses stilt*, us it towers something like 7ft high, A uuinbur of young meu from the lire brigudu woru out on Friday night looltiug for tho "appari tion," nnu were prepared to give it i\< gieat tecoption had they come across it. Tho description of this.- V ghost" tallies with "Sprmglicot Jack," Lho supposed apparition who paraded outlying suburbs nf/Mclhourno Homo yours ago, fi^htcning {voineu und childion, a couple of iho ctses terminating fatally. " Spiiughcol Juck" was so-callod on. account of his . high jumping feats, having, on Boveral. ocoasions cleared tho high galvanised iron feneo.surrounding the CauKiold Racocourso. ICvery cfTuit WHS made; by tho polico to capture tho 8U{>posed " ghost," but wero unavailing. Ho wus dressed in u tights," covered with phos phorous,.and woio a long robe, which ho .threw,,. bpt-n,. displaying , his . figure of 'Adiizxling .light", to womeu and young childrbu. ; Quito a scare was oteatod for squib, limb, but ,V.Jftek,.,.- disappoarod as siiddonly. as ho ca>ne. ?' ^'Itohino.Piles.-Any one who suflfors from that torrlble plaguo, Itohing Pile*, or from, Kc/.eina will apprcciato.tlie immediate relief and permanent cure thatcomcB through tho use of Doan's Ointmout. It never fails.: Freo .samplos at Wilkius* Pharmacy, Aug ust, 8. 