An Emancipated Woman. I ' i. 41 We moat oevermaet again. Of HI.' | ' Don't eay ?« fasti -fear I; - I o«n'i bear It.'! ' A ellenoe. ' Do yon-thick he — do yon tblok soy. onasuepeots — oar friendship??1 asked tbe m&D;, bending bla great brown eyea upon her.: tShe ebraofe, both on account of bis looh andon-aooooot of his words. '* No,' she eald timidly. 'I do not tblnk that — that anyone eaapeots. Bat we mast give do one any cause or eos pieloo. We most Dot meet anslo.' ' Pearl, tbere is no nee denying it, you are miserably onbappy. Tour nneband — a very good eort of man in bla way — has oo 'eympathy with you. Yon are practically alone In tbe world. I am lonely too. Why should we give op nnr sweet friendship? It is tbe one joy of my life.' 8t-e trembled, ahd allowed' bim to take her chilled band (n his. Tbere -vas: almiratlon, and something warmer than admiration, in her looks, and Cyril ForCeeoae was not unaccustomed to suoh glauoeg, for he was in troth a singularly handsome man. 8be, oo the oonlrary, was not strikingly beautiful, butlbere was a obarm about her little person wblob some people found abso lately bewltabing. Her J»oe was tbin and pale, bar grey eyes were large and tender, and jaBt now they were sblniOR wltb'RD emotion which she could nut put into words. Tbere were others besides Cyril who bad thought it a pity that a creature of etlcb delicate sympathies should have been, mated with a big, stupid, common-plaoe, or at least iu tensely common-sense Englishman, like John Bteadmao. A noise etraok her ear — they were sitting In tbe conservatory tb«t opened out of the drawing-room — and sbe glanced Into the room to make sure that It was qaile empty before sbe turned to her oompanioo and said, In a quick, bnrried tone : ' You mutt go now, Indeed you must. My husband may return at any moment, add though be Is not usually jealous, or. anything of that feind, s'lll I should Dot like blm lo begin to think lb it you came here loo often.' 'X may oome again, then?' ihe man! asked eagerly. 'Ob.no. I forgot. Cyril, for both our l eakes it will be better not.' 'And I Ull you again, Pearl, tbat I.1 will not oonsent to r ^entenoe of banish ment, for I know well that it does not oome from your heart. If you have made, a mistake in the pant, why should I suffer lor it? Is that just?' Tbq child — she was little more — bad no answer to make to this brilliant argu-, menl ; be got permission to call next day for another last farewell, and he left her. Oo the way out Fortesoue met the miBler of tbe house, and faced him boldly, hut Hteadmnn took little nollae of blm, passed blm by witb a nod, aod weDt and' shut nlmself up In bis study, aa bis habit had been nf late. An hour later be went Into tbe drawing room, where bis wife was sitting alone,' gszing Into tbe Brr. ' No tea, tlian&p;,' be eafd absently, seating himself opposite to her. She rang for a servant to take away tbe tea-tray, aod it was nty nntil tbe mau had left tbe room tbat Steadman opened hlb lips. He' spoke Id tbe calm, level tones tbBt were habitual with bim, ' I'm sorry tbat you are not bappy with me,' be said, starlDg Into lbs Ore, as sbe bad been doiog until tbat moment. Hbe started, aod turned pale, IdsIIdo tlvely laying her band on ber heart to stay its paiDful throbbing. How much — ih, how muob did be know of tbe state of Her aSectlons ? Hbe made no reply. ' It is better to tell you at onoe,' he said, 'that when I came In tbat sooun drel Fsrteecue— I can't call blm any thing elSB— was here. I went to tbe little room at tbe end of tbe ball to hang up my overcoat, and— you forgot, I think, that there is a ventilator that opens from the conservatory Into that little room.' There was a dead ellenoe. A olnder falling among tbe ashes made quite a noise, though at another time tbe sound would have been inaudible. She was lying back Id her chair, an-l be peered Buxlously at her In tbe hall light, thinking ebe bad fainted. But sue bad not fainted ; ebe was gazing at blm witb while, terrified fac--, unable to utter a word. Tbere was something so piteous in ber helpless silence that be Bald almost ten.lerly, though with a note of ecorn In bis voice : ' Don't be afraid, poor little thing. I am Dot going to hurt you.' Hbe made no answer. ' Well, I suppose you tblnk you would be happier with— You wish you bad not married me?' ' What Is the use of talking of It ?' sbe said. in a tone of despair. 'You have found out my poor secret, but tbe most important thlDg Is tbat we have spoilt our lives. D.ia't think tbat I forgot tbat yours is spoilt as well as mine.' 'TbaDk yoo,' said SteadmaD, with a queer smile, ' thank you for considering me, bull am hot sure that Ibe oase Is so hopeless as you imagine.' No. Tbere be was wrong. Much be understood ot her beart, II he thought that it oould ever again decline lo bis level ! But that was fust like Jaok, she thought bitterly. Poor fellow. It was not blB fault, perbape, that be could not understand. ' I am afraid tbere is no cure for our complaint,' sbe said at last. ' But I admit tbat r am tbe one that is to blBme. Tbe world would say that I am very muob to blame, end-that Is very good of you to b6 so gentle witb me,' she cried, with a sudden consciousness of his generosity. ' I think your happiness, as wall as my own,' he eald, gravely, 'mBy be best consulted by mv telling you something wblob — oons/derlog tbat we bate no ohlldren— I thought It beBt to say noth ing about. If I have been wrong In not telling yoa sooner, I must aBk you In forgive me.' [ Pearl held op ber bead and listened. What oould he mean ? And bow oould her baviDg no cbildren have anything to do wltb.it? 'rtlYoo know,' went on her husband, 'that I was married wheo I was little more' than a boy. People told me ihat I bad ruined my life, and porbaps they were not far wrong. I need not say more of ber than to eay tbe| after a time stie left me. rwasglven to understand that she was dead. When T was In the States I visited :» grave heliviog il to be bers.', ' W*l(?' Her volos was barely audible. ' Well, I met her — In -the Slraod— not six mootns ago.' There was another silence in Ibe room; It seemed as if both the two homan beings sitting opposite eaob othir dreaded to break it. 'Why—: — ' Her voice died away, but Bhe made another effort and succeeded better. ' Why did you not tell me sooner?' i : 'Because there were only our two selves to coneider, and I tbooght tbat as things were you would be happier not to know. But now that I understand that jou wish forfreedointtwoald he cruel to hide the truth from y'na an'y longer,' ' Then I am— free.' He answered atrnntly that she was,' aod left the room. He did hot #tay to I Bee the«traoges that came lnto ber face, like those that pass over « cornfield on a i day of wind and cloud and Bunshlne. Her first feeling was one of bewilderment, almost of desolation. Sbe had been eo i long eocnstometi tb regard hereeTtas the. wife of John 8'eadman, that tbe idea that tbat tie— tbatgreat lie that moored ber life to its abiding plaoe— had enapped asunder, waa almost terrifying. But eoon the master-thought rose . like a tidal wave In ber beart, and swept all else aside as 'If It bad been drlftwo'KJ. . Bhe Was free— ifriB8i.free. - Sbeiooald love Cyril now, as much bb she -would, with out ein. Her ruined life, ber forfeited happiness was given; back to b?r. She was going to begin existence anew ; the boar of ber redemption bad aonae. . The prison doors bad opened, as it were, of their own acoord. She was f^ee. Tbat night Pearl oould Tint sleep. She was sorry for John, in a v. ay. He had been a good husband to her,' but for eome time, ever olnoe sbe had known Cyril Fortesoue, she had been so tired of blm. One thing she hoped— tbat be would epare ber tbe unpleasantness of a formal adieu. Ooe tbingsbe had resolved — that ehe coald not 'remain In .the bouse after that night. In tbe morning she found sbe htd reason to be thankful to tbe man whose nsmeshebad borne for smoothing ber path Id both respects. He bad g -ne from home early In tbe morning, and he had left a note for her, eaylog that be had written lo an old friend of her father, a soltoltor Darned Brown, begging htm to arrange witb blB owo solicitors what should be done Id tbe way ot settlements add allowances, and that be would agree to whatever tbey might think reasonable. And a cheque was enclosed to meet ber preseot requirements. Sbe wrote a few llnea to blm, tbanking him for bis kindness, and quitted his house the same day. TC Miss St. Aabln — Pearl bad reverted to her maiden name — took rooms in a large, newly-built bouse in a sufficiently good neighbourhood, and there, in all tbe tumult aod exaltement of happy expecta tion, sbe awaited tbe coming of her lover. 8be could allow ber iboughts to dwell upon blm now without shame and with out restraint. Tbe hours seemed loog, but ebe begullea them by plans of travel, of tbe lovely plaoes ehe and Cyril would visit together. Sometimes ber tboughts touohed upoo the unbapyy husband who had unwittingly deoeived ber, aod ehe felt vaguely sorry for blm ; but the thought was not a pleasant one, aod ber mind speedily flew back to tbe ons all absorbing toplo of ber life. It was evening. She knew that For tesoue must bave got her latter some time during the day at all events, and (hat he certainly would be with ber that evening ; eo ebe dined e.rly, made Ihe Hired dr* r ing-room as snug and homelike as she oould, aod then eat down and wafted for blm. It was a dreadful nlgbt. Tbe wind drove the rain against Ibe plale-glaBS windows io great sheets, and made mournful nolBea in ihe chimney over head. But ebe never imagined that her lover would allow tbe weather to binder him, and waited in patleut obeerfullness. Tbe slow hours went by, Bnd she wished he would oome. Tiie souod of tbe etorm, tbe moaning of the wind, made her melaocboly, and tbe smell of tbe newly Olastersd walls gave ber a headache. Would he never oome. At lengtb,. wben the clock on tbe obimney-pleoe obimed half-past sine, sbe realised that be was not coming tbat nlgbt. It wae a bitter disappointment to her and sbe told herself tbat Dothibg oould ever quite make up for 11. Then a ray of euDsblne darted Into ber mind. It wss possible— not likely, but still possible— tbat Cyril might be out of town. Her Dote might not have reached blm. If there had been any other reason for hlB not coming, be would bave sent her a telegram. But It was poBBlble that be had not reoelved her note. No soouer bad Ibe Idea ooourred to Iter than she eat down, lale as it was, and wrote blm a fep hurried lines, explaining wbat had hap pened, and bow sbe bad been expeotlog bim all the evening. Tbls be bad posted at oboe, and tbeu ebe went to bed. Next day the excltemeot of her mlod reaobed almost to fever point. She jfell as If Bhe ciuld nit hear tbe Idea of wait ing until that evening. Surely be would oome immediately after luncb. Ab, bad Blie beeD in bis place. But lunobeon cims and went, and Cyril did not appear. Eearl fidgeted about, aud worked her self Into a state of nervousness, in wbiob rest and ocoupation.were alike impossible. Tbe afternoon slowly wore itself away. It wae torture to ber to sit In tbat dlamai, empty room listening, though ehe tried so bard not to listen, tor a ring at the door. Tbe rain wae still pouring, though the wind had gone down. It was very dreary, and more tban onoe Tennyson's haok Deyed, yet pathetic, words baODted ber memory She only said : ' The day is dreary, He cometh not,' she said ; Sho said : ' I am aweary, aweary ; I would that I were dead.' ' But be .Is coming, be is coming. Ha Isoomlng to aie, my own. To-day, to day I .ball see bim. He will take me In bis arms. It la no Bin now. Weeballbe together always now.' But aa tbe night wore op ber heart would cry tbls to ber no longer. Her mind misgave ber. Hope was no loozer BUre and steadfast. Yet ehe could not doubt him. Sbe simply riiii not uuder stand It. Wben ebe lay down Ibat night ebe was too wretcbed for tears. Tbe mornlo# brought a telegram. Cyril wks In Paris. Ber, letter, he said, had been forwarded Lo lilm there. He was unfortunately nugaged lo go ou with some frienda to tbe Riviera, and he would write. This was solid comfort, tboogb. it was far from being as satisfactory as If Cyril bBd fl iwn to ber at once. She hungered for t he letter, thinking of it continuously. She even imagioed hits of it to berself, teriut nl pasBlonale ecdearmenl wbich ba-i liursl from her lover against his will on one occaslou, and which, (though sbe wuold.not listen to them at the time) bad caused li^r a guilty pleasure every time they relurnel to her menoory. But the morning brought » second tvl»gr«m Instead of a letter — i leleg-»u) with excuses. On tbe next day there was nothlog; - Then a third telegram, shirter ihan the others. Then ellenc. By this time the horrible truth bad forced. Il'self upon' her' thlhri : howev^V, pbarniiog ehe might he to Cyril Fortes oue as a frlwnd whom be was ? forbidden^ lo love, he had oo desire to make ber hi* wife. In a word, »be was ah»nion»d. 8be cam» and went like a ghost, for tbe springs of life aod bapplness were quenohed within ber. She left London, and toop lodglDgs-at a email seaside lown. wblcb at the' season' was almost empty of visitors, for ber ooe thought was to bide berself from lbs world. . She bad been tbere . perhaps three months, when there came to ber by poBt / a copy of an American newspaper, oon tainlog a noHce of tbe death of Jobn j Ste adman's wife. She readji— shecoufd j trot help seeing II, for ft was marked— - and idly speculated on what might, have j happened If the event had taken plape earlier, or if Steadman bad never learnt that bis wl/fl' bad not died when tie Imagioed that sbe bad - and a shudder rati Ui rough her veins when sbe thought j wbat - folly- and wlokadoess she .might! have committed if things bad gone oo is they bad been doing— If abe bad never learnt to know Cjtll Forteaoue as_ be really was. Never, she determined, never obder any circumataoces, would she meet bim again. Three or (our weeks more went by, and abe Ipirnt Incidently that be returned to England. Would be make any eSort to see ber, she wondered? Would ' he bave tbe effrontery to call, and offer her eome lame excuses for bis long neglect? Her ebfeeka burnt as tbe possibility of bis doing so crossed ber mind. Sbe tbougbt It might be well to let blm knpw through ber old friend Mr. Brown, the solinitor tbat sbe would refase to see blm in any case. But abe hesitated and put it 'off, until one afternoou a telegram was pul into her band, ' Ab. Too late. I ought to bave written that letter,' she said to betself, as -Witb' trembling fingers sbe opened tbe envelope. ' Am coming down by ooe forty.' Tbat was all. Bat tbe message bad been unaccount ably delayed. It wae already balf-paet four. If be bad started from town at one-forty he might arrive at any moment. Sbe rang the bell, and gave order* that she was not at home to anyone, aod then B.t down and waited in a state of uervou* trepidation tbat sbe oould not suppress. The rain was beati ig on tbe panes and tbe eea lay dead and dreary beyood tbe margin of melauoboly sand. It re minded her of tbe day — It seemed years ago now— wben she had eat and waited for blm in vain io tbat dismal London street. Then ? But now sb« would rather die tban see blm. The bumillati io would be too bitter. There was a ring at tbe door— footsteps It tbe passage outside. Surely the maid woald never dare ? Tbe door opened. Someoue was push ing bU way Into tbe room. Sbe rose from ber seat, ber face Bushed witb anger. ' John.' Tbey elood and looked at eacn other, neither speaking a word. ' You got my telegram ? ' said John in tbe most matter-of-fact tone possible, sb be helped bimBelf to a oUe.lr. ' Yes,' she stammered ; ' but yoa did not Bign It. I thought ? 'I told tbem lossy I wa« not at borne.' A bright look came into his eyes, 'You mean tbat you bave refused to eee him?' ' I don't see tbat it oan matter to you, but I would rather——' Her voice waB quite cold and unlmpassioned, yet sbs stopped, unable to go oo. 'Thai's all rlgbt then,' said John cheerfully. 'You got tbe Amerloan paper I seut you V' 'You eent it, then?' she answered witb a vivid blush. ' I' thought it must bave been you, but I oould not conceive why.' ' No ? Why, It means tbat we are both free.' 'Yes, I suppose so'— looking down. ' Pearl, my own little Pearl, come back to me.' He was standing before her, bis arms out stretched. Hie voice was so full of tender ness tbat it brought tbe tears to her eyes. She just glanced up at bim for a momeot, and again ber eyes fell. He could see tbat sbe was trembllog all over. ' D.i you think you oan love me as — as I want to be loved?' be asknd, and his voioe shook. Again sbe loi ked up at him, and witb aery like tbat of a frightened child sbe threw up her arms, and leant forward, her sweet faoe wet witb tears, ber eyeB shining with a light be bad never seen In ihern before. ' But oan you forgive?' Bbe whispered, aa sbe lay on bis breast. 'I bave not only forgiven but for gotten,' be eaid, and tbere was a some thing in his voice tbat awed ber. ' And are you Bure you oan trust me now?' ' YeB, for I am sure tbat I bave won your love. I never wbs Bure of it before.' ' Why ere you so good eo me?' Bbe murmured a few minutes later. ' Because I love you, as I have done from tbe first moment I saw you, and I thought It was worlb wbils taking some trouble to wlu you altogether. ***** ' D.) yoo know, de»r, I tblnk you will bave te go now,' she said with a rosy blusb, later on In tbe evening, '? It is getting quite late.' He Blared at ber for an instant, and then broke into a I au ij n . 'Yoa are quite right,' be aald. 'Of course we shall bave to be married over again. Well, that will be easily managed.*' And tbey bade eaob other good nlgbt. Ill, The wedding was ol course a very quiet oue. The only friend at tbe ceremony wbs Pearl's old friend, llr. Brown. Steadman was explaining mailers to bim while his wife was chaoglng her dres? preparatory to BettiDg out on her second honeymoon. ' But I hardly uoderstand,' the lawyer was saying, with a puzz'ed oxpreasioa on his face. 'You say the notice of your first wife's death Id the newspaper which you sent to Mre. SteadmaD was a false one?' ! ' It waB, I inserted it myself.' j ' Bu: bow then ? ? You had seen your tlrst wife alive so recently. Yoo said you saw her as recently as last summer.' 11 But that was a lie,' said John Stead man, looking Ibe solicitor calmly In tbe face. 