OVERGROWING HER STRENGTH. HOW DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS MAKE WEAK GIRLS STRONG. Testimony from well known and highly-respected colonists is always worth printing, and the words of Mr George Marner, of " Lnmington," Vic toria Road, Auburn, Victoria, are of this nature :-" I thought I would lose my daughter, Miss Alice," said Mr Marner to our reporter recently, " she ,wns overgrowinq her strength. Medical mena could do nothing for her." Here Miss Marner entered and quickly told how Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had saved her from death and disaster. "I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from school," said she, " I did not feel suficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experienced a continued languid feeling that mdels me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the 'quinine tonic' given me, with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute iains in my shoulers and back, and' at night I could secneely get atny rest." " We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr. Marner, " but it had no effect ; then I consulted a well-known CollinsStreet practitioner. He said uty daughlter was sufferiog principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she re turned looking worse. Sihe would also r?otch on rising in the morning; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." "This time last year," said Miss Alice, " I weighed 7st 31bs,. now I alo 9st 71bs." " A great improvement; your treat ment must have been beneficial Y' " No; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually, Dr. Wil lians' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays, last year, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr Pleasance's, Chapel Street, Prahan, they did me so much good that I continued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as ally. one could wish." " And you would recommend thoml" " Yes ; and that strongly too," said Mr Marner, " had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved, me a hundred pounds." " Parents should think over this good health and a hundred pounds saved,. It is undisputed that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills builds up the constitution, strengthen the system, enrich the blood, and improve the brain. They are a certain cure for indigestion, pimples, skin diseases, liver and kidney troubles, biliousness, anunmia, sleepless ness, rheumatism, lumbago, loss of physical strength, neuralgia, all female irregularities, debility, sick headache, loss of vital forces, &c.; Obtainable from all chemnists and dealers, or from the Dr. Willinams Mediciie Co., c/o Rooks, Tompsitt & o.,, Flinders Street, Melbourne, who will forward six boxes for fifteen and threepence, or one box for two and nine, post free,. ' 