things worth knowing. In Mexico banana planters get three crops of the fruit a year. So plentiful is it that a bunch of two hundred bananas is sold for sixpence. Between Madagascar and the coast of India there are about sixteen thousand islands, only six hundred of which are inhibited, but most of which are capable of supporting a population. The National Library at Paris is the largest in the world, (t contains forty miles of sneives, holding 1,400,000 books. There are also 175,000 manuecripts, 300,000 maps and chests, and 150,000 coins and medals. Stationary beds are rarely found in the houses of the Japanese. When the hour for retiring has come, mattresses and bedcoverings are brought out from chests, where they aie stored during tlie day, and spread upon the matted floor. Japan, in the nnmberof its populalion, is surpassed only by China, India, Russia, the United States, and Germany. Of the total number of emigrants from the United Kingdom in 1897 to countries out of Europe, 132,048 booked for the United States, 22,009 for British North America, 12,3% for Australasia, 28,801 for the Cape and Natal, and 17,W(> for other places. The total number of women over the age of eighteen employed in factories and workshops in the British Islands is a little over 1,000,000, of whom about 11 per cent, belong to trade unions. Most of these have a membership in common with the men, but there are some women's unions, organised, officered, and conducted exclusively by female members. For cure of freckles try the following: recipe :—Four ounces oil of citron, and ix over a gentle fire, with two ounces of white wax ; anoint the face with this cream, and leave on all night; wipe off carefully, and bathe the face with pure rose water. In some cupboards black ants prove a great nuisance, and it is difficult to eradicate them. A few of the very strongest peppermints, such as are sold by chemists, will exterminate the pests. Lightly crush them, and scatter them in the haunts of the ants. Dead for Three Years.—One of the most remarkable cases in medical history is that of a young man called Willie Gipp, who recently awoke from a sleep which had lasted since November, 181! 1. At that time he was a youth of twenty, emploj od as inspector of cars on an American railway, and bearing a high character for intelligence and industry. He was engaged to a girl called Mary Drews, to whom Uis parents expressed a strong objection as a prospective daughter-in-law. This love difficulty preyed on the boy's mind to such an extent that it affectcd his brain, and in a fit of madness ho shot both mother and father. He was promptly arrested, but before his trial he lapsed into a state of coma, which lasted three years and two months. During this long period he lay passive as a log, showing no sign of life beyond the mechanical process of swallowing whatever food was placud in his mouth. He was incapable of movement, speech, and feeling, and was ti all intents and purposes as one who is dead. On January 8th of this year he awoke from his long insensibility. Life and intelligence had returned, but memory had gone. He knows nothing of his crime, and will persist that he is still only twenty, the age at which ho committed his terrible crime. There is a tragic tale in the Jardine family. Sir Alexander Jardine imprisoned a miller named Porteous—it was in Charles II.'s reign. Forgetting such a trivial matter, he went to Edinburgh next day, and carried the key of the dungeon with him—did not observe it till a week afterwards. A messenger wa3 despatched full speed, but he found Porteous dead of cold and hunger. His ghost, stili haunts Spedlin's Tower, the ancicnt seat of the Jardines. 