Eslig c' Fonits: on, The Tragedy of Carnleflh Shores. A STORY OF THE STAGE, CHAPTER II II. a: sAw. oa iAMI days Mr. Amot, with all lie asttatenes, was completely at fault. He began to think that hbe had got more than he bargained for. lie visited Mrs. Jinkeon's establishment, sad interviewed the worthy proprietress, but from her he learned nothing. The woman was ready to tear Maude to pieces for having outwitted her, and she felt still more revengefol when she reflooted that the snug little sum she was receiving for Johnnie's board had been cut oS. "Confound the women I" said Mr. Amos, spitefully, to himself, u he returned to his oficre after a day's fruitless quest, and wiped the dust and the perspiration from his fore. head; "a man's a fueool to have anything to do with 'em. According to history, Adam was in clover till Eve pot in an appearance, and then the fat was all in the ire I - It was a mistaho to make her. I've always said so." The lawyer looked over his letters for the day, muttering to himself audible comments on the contents, and then be looked up his desk to go home. There was a tap at the outer door. "OCome in t" he raid, grofily; "what are you standing there for?" mistaking the visitor for his office boy. In obedianee to his invitation, the door opened, and a woman appeared-a rather young than old woman, poorly dressed, with small, ferret- like eyes, and a cold, cruel, crafty month. "Who the deuce are you?" aaked Mr. Amos, forgetting his courtesy in his sor. prise at seeing a female visitor at ten o'elook at nlght. The woman laughed-a hard, grating laugh, like the filing of a saw. " What will you give to know?" "Nothing. Why should Icare?" "Very well," said the visitor, coolly; "then I will wish you good evening, ansod a better temper in the morning." And she turned to go. Amos seized her by the arm and drew her back. "Stopl IYo have something to tell me. I can read it in your fee. What is it?" " That depends on what you would give to know." " How do I know that it Is worth any. thing r" "You shall be your own judge of that. I can give you news of Mrse, Granby and the boy." "HI I No Can you, really Well, out with it I" "I will out with it when I am paid for going it, Not before," said the woman, dog. gadly. "I am not one of them ao works for nothing." " Who sent you heref" "I sent myself. I knew-no matter how hat you wanted the information. Old Granby doubtless paye you well for doing his dirty work." "That is neitherhere nor there, What can you toll me I" "I can tell you where to find Mrs. Granby and the boy." "So that can lay my hands on them and etourn them toh Mr. Granby 1" " Yes." " Very well You have a price, I suppose I Nams it." "Yes, I have a price. I will tell you for twenty pounds." "Twenty pounds It is sheer, down. right robbery Woman, you must be crazy?" "On the contrary, I am perfectly sane, How long will it take you, may I ask, to spend that sum in Tomfool errands over the country, with nothing to guide you? Come, fon are a man of business; reckon it up, and answer the question." " I will give you ten." "No." "I will give you fifteen, though Granby pill be raving at such extravagance, I make no doubt." "Not a penny lees that twenty I" "Well, then, out with it, and your money shall he paid." "Let me see it first, to make sure." "Do you doubt my honesty ?" cried old Amos, bristitg with indignation. "Don't you think I am an honest manl" "There is not an honest man on the foot. itool, wRen It suits him beltter, or pays him belter, to be dishonset," returned the woman bitterly, "You have a poor opinion of our ee," said Mr. Amos, earcastically, "Because I know them I" said the woman a fierce gleam coming into her eye. Mr. Amos took a crisp twenty poond-note from his pocket book, and laid it on the table. "He, that looks like it I" she said cagerly. 'Itisthe rst time in years that I have seen as mnob." ''It shall be yours if you can tell me what fon pretend you can," "Then listen. Twice to- day-this very eay-you have passed within eight of the ounce where Mrs. Granbly l staying." "No I Is it so1" cried Amos, a dull red coming to his cheeks, and his keen eyes gleamiag with the thought of the reward he was to receive from old Granby. For Granby was fired with a thirst for re. venge, and be would regard no outlay if once he could get Johnnis into his power, and so, through him, punish Mre. Oranby. "The place is a mill beyond New Drone. wick, and near the Raritan River. A large, low old farm house, set back from the street, and quite surrounded by a hedge of arbor vitle. It is the home of Maude Granby's old nurse, Mrs. Watson. I wonder that Mlrs, Glenmoro did not think of the place." " Mrs, Olenmore is a fool, and thinks of nothlng l Hflow did you ascertain this " "That does not concern you. Theinfor. mation is correct. What will Grauby do with the boyt" "How can I tell l" "Do you hkdei what I would do in iMrs; Oranby's planeT" asked the woman, her fngers elosing over the note with a snap, that told of the feelings of eeif-grattlation within her heart. "I don't care what you wonld do with him.' "I'd sheet him with a relish" said the woman, setting her savage white teeth to. egather, and tuvoluntariy taking a step to ward Mr. Amos. The lawyer drew bck. "GOtr beinesseei at an oend, is it not ?" he tsbed, coldly. "I bid yoiu goodnight," said tho woman, and went out into the dartnese. Mr. A?ios besitated. Ieo wanted to go at once and tell Mr. Granby the news, but he decided, on the whole, to postpone it until morning. Not that ha Intended to give the old man an inhkling of how he came O this information; he would ratherhase him to inter that it had been elicited through some skill of his own, for Mr. tmos was very proud of his detective qualil. lies, and likd to hive a proper estimate placed npen his abilities. " It will keep," he said, as he turnea in at the door of his lodgings, " and he can bear it netler in the morning." Bot early next morning the lawyer was at the house of his ollenl. tr. Grauby, in a very bad humor, was isbing his breahfast, and poor hire. Glen. mnre was trying to read the morning paper to him. "Hang It, madam, can't you speak up: fornt votice sounds as if you were shut up in the nellar in a bo l There, therel" he nried, as MI. Glamore raiseld hbar oce to a thln equestl; "I shall go mad I Stop it I It's worse than a steam.whistle I Who's ringinu the bell at this hour Tell him we don't went to by othing. Hs I it's Amos, by the Lord Marry I" Mr. Amos entered, his fage wrinkled op Into a smile, and his sight hand nervonsly fngerlng the few seanlty fron-gray sks on his forehead-s habit of his when he wu preocuapied or excited. "Well, Amos," said Mr, Oraunby, setting down his cofeecop, "I see that you have something to tell me. What is it ?" "What would you say if I should tell you that I have news of your wife 1" "News ofl haudel" cried Mrs. Glenmore, osgerly. "Where ie she? Wher-." "Hold your tongue, mother.in.law I" said IMr. Granby, roughly. 'What is it to you where she il Speak out, Amos, if you have sythlingto tell, I hate beating around the bosh." S"Well, then, I boow where your wife Is." 'And. Johnniel" - The number of houses "sewered" by the letropoltan Board to dte is2051, at a cost "Yel, ad Jolaai too, Nataall7, idly Saouldbe together." : " I'll pay her out ftr old led 0eW I" Ysl?ed Granby, bringing his fist down on the table with so much force that the sotllychiaatoa. pot boeuned off with a crash,and was broken into a bhundred pieoes, " Crse it I" oried Granby, jumping up to avoid the scalding stream of tea which ran down from the table linen; "that teae.po was worth its weight in gold. Mrs. Glen more, you had no buseiness to let them put it on the table, Do you hear?" " But you told Jenkins yoursell that lou wanted it," said Mr, Glenmore. "Yon are a fool, and Jenkins Is anotherl" oried Mr. Granby; "and you had better go to your room eand stay there till you are I1 alled for. Ihate women round, pikaing up every word". ." a I a"m nobody not nothing,'" said Mrs. Oleomore, with her bandkeroblef to her eyes, a "and I wish-I wish I wae out of the wayin I my grave, I do." r And she retired, sobbing. "Now, Amos, what is it about my beloved wife, Mirs. Granby I" a "I have found her." " We'll go at once," said Granby, rising with all a young man's alacority, and for. getting all about his gont and neuralgia, e "John, bring me my coat and boots. No, I you needn't say anything, Amos-not a word. I am going. It will do me good to take the boy from her myself." " I am afraid your strength Is not equal to it," began Mr. Amor. "Fiddleticke I Don't be a fooll" cried I Granby, impatiently. "I'm sick, but I ain'L dead. And I'd go through fire and water to Smake that proud, white-faced jade beg to mel And that is what she ahall do I Yes, sir; she shall beg for me to show her meroy I" " Whyls it,"said Amos, " that you are so bitter against iMrs. Granby? To me she seems quite as amiable ae women gene. rAmiabll I Yes, that is it Iamiable is the word. Care her I She is altogether too amiable I1 'va never been used to have any one around me that dared to despise my authority I They have all been too glad to oringe and fawn" but the has never even asked me for a favor, and confound her I I do not believe she would. But we shall tee." "treow lam ready. Let as go. 0I i fart" "About ten miles." " By Joveo I I'll warrant it's at Mrs. Wat eon'el What an ase I wase not to hay' thoughC of it I" "Yes, it is at Mrs. Watson'e." The lawyer's carriage was at the door, ai Mlr. Granby astonished his legal friend bhi the ease with which he clambered into it, Very little convereation paesed betwetr them on the way, and at the nity they toot I the train for New Brunswick, where they arrived in doe time. aet the station theb hired a cab to take'. em to Mrs. Watson'. farm. The drives knew the place well, hb I said ; it was a mile and a-balf tot, and thei I had sickness there, he thought, for Dr Clarkson went out there every day. OGrnby stopped the cab at the entrance of the lane leading to the house, and bade the t driver wait. Granby was taking the faitll. tire entirely out of the lawyer's hands. S The two men wentsoftly op the walk, and stepped on the pinzza. The door stood open into tbe entry, and ir. Granby rappedon the inner door. This summons wa answered by a middle. aged women in fadel mourning. "I want to eeo Mrs. Granby," said Mr. I Granby, with an air of authority, "Mre. Granby will see no one," returned the woman, coldly. "She will see mer' said Mr. Granby. "She will seuas I" said Mr. Amos. "I tell you she will see no one 1" said the woman, sternly; " and you will please have thoe indness to leave my house I" "Not till I have seen my wife I" said Mr. Granby. "Your wife?" eaid the woman, "So o, then you are Mr. John Granby l" "At your service, ma'am. And now, will yon please send my wife here " "I shall do nothing of the kind I" said the woman; "and if you do not clear out in short order, I ehall feel it my duty to set the dog on you I" "Set the dog on me! Set the dog on me, madam " cried Mr. Granby, in amaze. ment. "Exactly I" said the woman; "that's just the size of it." " Do not waste words with him, Watson," said a calm, clear voice, as the door of the inner room opened and Mande Granby appeared; "I will deal with him myself." "You will, ch? " cried Granby. "Well, sell tee who'll do the dealing in this case." Amos saw that Mande was very pale, and that there were great dark oirles beneath her eyes, and that the veins in her forehead showed clear and distinct from beneath the white skin. " What do you want ? Why are you here f" Mande asked, looking straight into the eyes of her hueband, "I am here to carry you back to the home you have disgraced, and to take that brat where you will have no further opportunity of playing the fool with it." Aearioo ball smile flitted over Maude's face-the pallid, sickly ghost of a smile whlen left her even more wan than before. " And you think you will be able to do what yon propose " she asked, curiously. "I generally manage to compase my per. pore, madam, as no doubt you remember," said GOnoby, haughtily. "I remember that so for as I have known you, you have succeeded admIrably in show. tog yoorsell a brute." "Oh,youare calling mebad names, are you?"' said Granby, savagely. .' Well, we will not bandy words. Bring out that brat, and proe. pare yourself to come with me." "° shall not go with you, M3r. John Granby," said lande, calmly," neither now, nor ever I Henceforth, we shall live our lives apart." "That is fine talk, madam, but you are my wife, and the law gives you into my pos. eassion. Once more I tell you to get ready to some with me." "And I relafuse to come." "There, therel " said Mr. Amos, 0ooth. ingly. " How,if I were you, Mrs. Oranby, I would not go to making any oenee. Mr. (ranby is far from strong, and any exoite ment of this kind wil be ture to injure him," " M?r. Iranbhy can place himself out of the power of being injured by any ecilement I may bring upon him, whenever ho ohaooses. There is the door by which you ,ud he on. teral, and you can go out of it now. I have no desire to detain you." "I shall go whenever you are ready to ga with me," said Mr. Gronby. "Not till then I" "I hare given yon my answer. I will never return with you." "Dy heavens, you had better beware how you try my patience too far I" yelled Granby, balf frantic with rage, and springing toward her. "Bring out that oeured brat, and I will takemy revenge out of him I'" He lieled his cane, and dashed it at the door of the chamber over whioh Mudo had been holding guord. There weas a bed in one corner sovered with something while, and in the dim light, and in his excited sondition, Mr. OGranby esaw nothing clearly. His only idea was to secure Johnnie. "Hal"he exclaimed, "I know I should findhim. And siok or not, I'll tear him outl, and pach him o0l this very day where yon, my lady, rna never follow him."' "Bak I" said Maude, hoarsely, drawing her fine, tall igure op till ehe towered above her bent cod trembling husband. "Taue one step forward, and the oonsiquences be on your own head." "What would 7o0 dol" he acked, ltaunoot. logly. "How wall you prevent me " "I will shoot you through the heart I" cried Mende, drawing from the folds of the lose robe she wore, r gleaming rerolvoer, and aoling it ashe took aim at the old 41. lain's breast. "Great Ood I" he oried, erigidg, "you Would merder me I" "I would send yon where you would raucs no forther trouble, and bonside myslf doing the world servi cles 1" said Maoe, oovd and nnmoverd aen eslaie, " [' t o Ih ', "Graelns goodns ehl" otried r, Amos "what eratlnre wome are. Pett op yo pistol, young woman, tht' ld t dear. II might go oE acoidetally and hurl some 01 "I mean what I lay tr'isad Moend, atir oatering Mr. Oranby, ' and you had best b. are, Offer to lay one finger on hat bild die I" a God Cu heae, yoo Oranby's ery teth hattered, and he atood stlln hie toe , lor he maw that his wife wa in deadly earece. "You shall en the child that a dyinS mother bequathed to loetare," cald Maudls, "yea shalt as him, and take the pleture homer with yes to thet you in the pIrs Ce tome." Continental and American wheat marhete, according to the cable news ace clhaging atmowhba fee the ao~eete plsfPf IlEHBJi jTlh, teohidifib i-itFnaa. that the etlood' n the awful pr. mnt 61 bat poweru whl ? t u nm t bee conquad. . Sethe 4 ple sal still opon the hId, with .whit i.dore on his bresst, and In hbi wanmbnhau, littlohns lay in the dee; reao whidb cmeo only to those WbOhq We . CIAPTER XXVIII. With a Ilk htil, Ethel sio?a a16l t riyedtlhe terrible scenes enacted In the sall. way horror, Unfortunately such aeastrophes ar tbo frequent to Beed any deusripllon toh pen ot onrs. At any time, nd on any lay, any of our readers may he called to witness something similar. She saw that Mr. Belmont was taken to a ileo of refoge, and poor teele was borne off to the.bhopial to bas hil lg dressed, But oo one had Ien any person angerilgto the defcriptionot Harry Atherton. And Ethel drew a long bretlh of Intense relief. Not that she ventored to hope tbat be would manage to escape, beyond the polllbility of being retaken, but it was at !eat a reprieve. Mr. Bolmont came to hie lentls at lla, but the shook he had received confined him to his bed for two or thies days, and Ethel attended him devotedly, and eo so6n as he wos soicientll recovered they returned to the city. Belmont had learned from Mr. Beetle the whole story of the tragedy at CarDleigh shorce,ua the detective undentood, but be did not talk of it to Ethel, And ba sincerely hoped that Atherton had made hie escape, for he had liked the young fellow, and, viewed in the light of facts whloh had come to the manager'a notice, he could not regard him as guilty of premeditated crime, Mr. Belmont had been young himself, and know something about the hot blood of youth, and whero there wee a woman in the oase there weg never iay aoounting for what might be done. Ethel played a short engagement at the be'inning of the Ieon, nad dellghted her Itdiencel as usil with her gace and beauty; but those who w're most oleervant saw that a change had eome over the lovely young actress during the time she had been absent from the publio. Her beauty was none the less radiant, but it ad become to a certain extent spritualised, and there was a pathetic sadness in her beautiful eyes that appealed to the heart of every lonsitive person, and made her more of Sfavorite than before. Bat Mr. Belmont had been revolving in his own mind a plan which he now determined to carry into effolt. Ethel was t?ry grateful to him for his kindness to her. and though she did not love him, he felt tolerably sure that her regard for him would bring about what he so ardently deired, He had an interview with her, and gained cor promise that she would be his wife, But not all hi eloquence could ohang her on one point, and Mr. Bolmont left her more nearly out of humor with her than he had ever teen esfore-she would not mrry bim until her oinetenth birthday, ind that wasmore than nine months ahead in the future. Nothing he coold do or say would cause eer to alter hae decision, and Mrs. Van. itead upheld her, greatly to Mr. Belmont's llegatl. But it is not possible fo a gentleman in this country to drag an unwilling bride to tho altar, and Mr. Belmont had to submit, Bat the lettrs he was constantly receiving warnei him that it yonld not he sale for him to wait nntil after his marriag with Ethel, and he resolved upon acting at once. He bad hoped that she wouldhave gone at Dis wife, bat the perveily Io woqen, he told himself, was neer to be accounted Ior, and he mail no longer delay. A man in conismption, as thg Lord of Morleigh was represented to be, might fot be allowed to put off dying until a contrary girl, who pesisted in standing In her own light, made up her mind to Wed the man who adored her. At irst, when Mr. Belmont proposed the foreign trip, Ethel was strongly opposed to it. She did not enjoy travelling, he said, and was just beginning to love her proles. sion. Why should she be taken away whbt she ad no desire for it? But Mr. Belmont urged berlaok of spirits and her fesble strength, and he brought a talented physioian to her to convince her that a radiol change would be of great bane. fit to ber, and MIr. Vanslead urged it also, and Ethel's objection gays way. Mr. Belmont hal told her that important btuinels called him to England, but be die :ot reveal the la abeO t bsh was connectei with this businell. Why he fell so tvrie to explainlog to bet what was in his mind, he coold not bave told, It somehow siemed to him that if he allowed his secret to escape the prize might slip through his fingers. It was in the latter port of February that they reached hee metropolis. A few days more devoted to sight.seeing, in London and vicinity, and then the party set out for H-rhire, and engaged board at the Pig and Crown, jost outside the manu. facturing town of Morliigh. Why they ahould stop in such an obscure village as this, Ethel could not understood; but Mr. Blmont assured her that his businss lay ia this immediate vicinity. And what that business was, she never in. qoired. Every morning Mr. Belmont went out,and did not reulrn until near the dinner hour and then for the remainder oltheday bhe t at the disposal of the ladies, On the fourth day of their soJurn at the Pig and Crown, a gray-headed, elderly man, with sharp features, and keen bluo eyes, and an impoeing-looking portmanteas, camt down from London and took rooms at the inon. He had inquired for Mr. Belmont, and the two had been closeted together for a long time, and when their Interview was at an end, Mr. Belmont brought the stranger to the sitting room ooeupied by the ladies of his party, abd presented him. Mr. Jmn, o no-that waslthe name hi ctllcd ht.'ToE~Co.NtOav 