THE TRICKERY OF SOUND. curious experiences wnL r^ard to the trickery of sound occurred to me jUuL'ing. undergraduate days at Cambridge, to which I attribute an early predelictidn for' the sciences and «tndy of acoustics. JiVhile yet an out- college anaxu.I was unexpectedly offered a set of rooms in the Old Court of Trinity, which'rooms had been somewhat hurriedly vacated by a man of • uncertain health 1 and nervous temperament,who assigned- no satisfactory -reasons .for suddenly going into lodgings.' - j It: was the commencement of a dull -October term; and ; -I remember how J-the bedmaker warned me against.the, rooms, whicli^sbe characterised as "dreadful dismaL" The cause, however, of this forbidding description was not revealed to me Jill-gome weeks afterwards, whea boisterous winds ehauced to set in. with gloomt November weather, about which period, when sitting up reading, I used frequently to hear low, moaning sounds, as if some, creature .were in ; distress somewhere in the lane outside. No one could explain the phenomienoh, and it was not until months afterwards that i ihyself searched, for the cause, and after some little difficulty discovered it. It was commonplace enough. In a side room a piece of " wall-paper pasted across a chink had developed a crack, leaving two jagged or toothed edges, which under certain conditions of draught, vibrated rapidly together.form ing, as it were; a reed, and thus producing the sound above described. That ghost, like all others in my experience, was~ readily laid ; but another uncanny and more noteworthy occur reuee shortly'afterwards taxight me yet more cleaiiy how capricious sounds may become, and how hard to locate or explain. In a neighboring staircasie. there lived (I. beg pardon, ''kept") another friend of mine, a man of much tougher fibre, who was reading—and over- reading—for a medical exam., and once; through a sleepless night he was driven to distraction by what, in the morning, he. described as mysterious roie^fe apparently in the court outside, accompanied by rappings on a tin tray or the like ' yet, often as lie rose and went to the window, there was nothing to be seen, and at last his over-wrought nervt.-s gave way, and were not to be relieved until some of his friends succeeded in finding the cause of his disturbance, .which was this : Over the way. in Caius College, where building was going on, an engine had broken down, and workmen had been employed through the night tinkering it up. This was the sole and sufficient explanation. It satisfactorily accounted for the existence of midnight voices and for the weird tappings, excited imagination supplying all the rest The instinctive fact, however, brought, home to my mind was how unaccountably sounds may seem to behave themselves when the mind fails to interpret them aright, and how strangely different a familiar noise may sound when heard amid dead silence. It has been my good fortune more than once since then to dispel idle'imaginings that had been the cause of real disturbance and distress. Occasions have, also arisen which have stimulated me to construct sound instruments which, in performing certain novel functions, should attain objects of practical value. For example, on the occasion of an annual flower show held in my grounds, it has been necessary to summon visitors, mauy hundreds iu number, and scattered over a large area, to certain side shows. A horn or bell conveyed nothing in parti cular, but a specisilly made trumpet, rigged on a scaffold 30 feet high, commanded the whole ground, and' a polite Invitation gently spoken to the four winds has been easily heard by all. Some ten years ago my attention was accidentally directed towards kindred acoustical problems by circumstances which again may be considered as outside common experience. By the kindness and courtesy of tlie late Dean -Church, I* bad been granted the privilege of making use of St. Paul's Cathedral for carrying out certain experi ments dealing with terrestrial magnetism. I had chosen for my purpose a quiet summer's niglit, and all due arrangements having been made, I commenced a long vigil, sitting alone for hours in the loftiest chamber of the building watching the readings of an instrument, while a colleague watched a similar instrument in the crypt 400 feet below. It was while occupying this elevated position, with attention well braced, and in that night silence which falls even over our great Metropolis, that I learned how remarkably certain sounds can be recorded over vast distances. The measured tramp of the policeman rang as sharp or sharper than if I had been on the pavement beside him. The fog- horn of the bicycle— then in vogue—could be heard streets away, and railway whistles on distant lines and hooters on the shipping far down the river seemed unearthly in their carrying power and clearness. The experiences of that night were farther confirmed on yet another occasion, when, about the same period, I chanced to make my first balloon voyage, and when, by rare fortune, our balloon drifted over the very heart of London and almost directly over St Paul's Cathedral, at an elevation of 3000 feet above its golden cross. It was a noteworthy voyage, and deeply impressed on my mind afterwards by the fact that it was one of the last conducted by the late Captain Dale, who shortly afterwards lost his life while ascending from the Crystal Palace grounds. It was while we were maintaining a high elevation that we made out Kennington Oval immediately below us. and we could actually watch a game of cricket in progress. Soon, however, it became apparent that play was suspended, and then, manifestly in our honor, a ringing cheer came up with a distinctness thatl was wholly unprepared for. I learned, then, that an English cheer is a very arousing, and may become a very astonishing sound; but my wonder grew as we swept on and pre- sently caught the rattle of the streets below, which soon increased and grew to a deafening roar positively painful by its harshness and intensity. So far, these experiences were but proofs of the great carrying power aloft of loud and familiar natural noises, but»I was now to be impressed quite equally with the penetration into upper air of Nature's softer music. It was squally weather .that day, and, as evening approached the' wind grew rough with gathering stonn. We were at that time scudding fast over Hertfordshire, where the country was well timbered, and ever as we passed high over woods, then in foil foliage, a soft murmur would fill our ears, and it seemed almost incredible that this was but the tossing "trees singing to us half a mile below. There were>other sounds, of course. Anon would come the bark of a dog from—where? Or the whistle of a train scarcely yet visible in the distance deep down. Altogether it was firmly impressed upon me from that time onwards that a balloon ascent properly arranged wonld offer an exceptional opportunity for studying many problems in sound which could hot fail to repay fresh investigation "and experiment; and it is not a Utile curious that, although acousties have occupied the special attention of many scientists, ho one has come'forward to systematically nse the balloonjn the service of that all- important branch of science.— The Prince of Wal^s once said a smart thing in reply .to some one who, speaking of the spread of Socialism, asked him, "Wbat would you do; your Boyal Highness, if England became a-Republic, and you lost your title and income?" "Oh," said the Prince, "there would always be the chance of lecturing in America." At Norfolk, Virginia, a lion-tamer conclnded his performance by placing his head in a lion's month. The animal bit the head right off, and af terwards with a companion terribly mangled the body. "Strand .Magazine.". 