Our Sunday=school Union. We offer 110 apology for discussing the condition and prospects of our Sunday school Union. Its creation by the Conference some years ago Was un doubtedly a step in the right direction, and has to a considerable extent stimu lated those who are engaged in Sunday school work. But, for various reasons, the Sunday-school Union has not ful filled all the promise of its inception. A large number of our Sunday-schools have not yet awoke to. the advantages that might be reaped from enrolment in the Union ; and we must candidly admit that the Union, partly from this lethargy on the part of those for whose benefit it was inaugurated, and partly through its own faulty methods, has not reached that- efficiency which it might have reached, and which is its only pledge of permanence and utility. While we believe that the Conference .lias done few things of greater import ance to our Church than the establish ment of the Sunday-school Union, and -*vhile we have full confidence in its ??ultimate success, we have to acknow ledge with regret that it is not as popular -with our schools as it ought to be. And ior this the Committee itself is in some measure responsible. The too- frequent ?changes in the Secretaryship, and even in the Committee itself, has not been in the interests of the Union. But the -one thing which, more than anything -else, has tested the loyalty of those ?schools which from the first enrolled themselves under the banner of the Union, is the unsatisfactory methods [hitherto adopted in connection with the annual examinations. Now, it almost seems unnecessary to ?say that the Union cannot possibly ?succeed in the fullest measure unless it rsecures and retains the confidence both ? of the teachers and scholars of our Sunday-schools. The newness of the -institution and the capabilities for good which it undoubtedly possesses, have -?ensured its temporary acceptance with -our schools, but their permanent interest in it will depend upon the efficiency and accuracy of its methods as exhibited principally in the results of the annual -examination. And though we are profoundly solicitous of the welfare of the Union as the most effective instru ment by which our schools may be ^united and helped, we are bound to ..affirm that, in our judgment, the ?j methods of examination are not such as will win or hold the confidence of ?teachers or scholars. During the last zfew years we have seen examination papers which, if graded at all, were .graded in a most unsatisfactory way, and we have known cases in which ?examiners in various sections have had different methods of appraising the lvalue of the answers given. And when ) papers set for one section have, as a whole, been more difficult than papers :set for a higher section, and when teachers and scholars have found that the least competent competitors have ? . scored the highest marks in an examina tion, suspicion is created, and confi ? dence in the methods of the Union is .lessened, if not destroyed. Well, then, what is to be done ? And to this there can only be one answer. 'The Union must be re- invigorated, and .methods must be adopted which will command the confidence of every ?.teacher and scholar in our schools. We -express ourselves thus plainly because ?we desire to see the Union flourish, and ?because we are confident that what we .suggest is both practicable and desirable. 'We are strongly of opinion that no ?.satisfactory results will be possible sunder separate examiners for separate /sections. Nor do we expect any im provement from a plan in which one , person sets all the questions and various i persons appraise the answers. We \- certainly contend that all the questions should be set and graded by one man, ?but, advantageous as this plan is, it r does not go far enough. If the same standard of appraisement is to prevail in relation to the various sections of ] examinees, the whole matter ? should be in the hands of one person, ;and that person should be of un doubted ability. We are well aware that this suggestion is open to the ? objection that it would impose a vast . amount of work on one individual, and that, as the work is done gratuitously, it would be unfair to ask any one man to undertake it. But that is an argu ment of very little intrinsic value ; for if it be worth while to continue the Union, it certainly is desirable that its work should be done well. It would be better to grant an honorarium to some one competent person than to have it bungled as it has been during the last few years. But the better way, and the only permanently satisfactory way, to make the Union of real value to the Sunday-school is to set apart a suitable minister as Sunday-school Secretary. And the sooner the Union and the schools combine to bring this about the better. The Secretary could then set all the questions and appraise all the papers, and do a great deal more work which needs to be done for our Sunday schools. We need a higher type of lesson than those now furnished in the International Series, and other helps in the way of Sunday-school literature which a competent secretary would not be slow to provide. And here the whole question resolves itself into a matter of ways and means. Let the Committee boldly press for this solution of its difficulties, and let the schools face their own responsibilities in the matter, and the Conference will then gladly enough give the schools one of its best men for this important work. We are glad to correct a A statement made in our Correction, last issue, relating to the Hartley Yale Shale and Oil works. Mr. Gannon, in a letter to the Lithgow Mercury of a fortnight ago, protested against the industry referred to being worked on the Sabbath, and we referred to the matter in our last issue, fully relying upon the accuracy of the statements in Mr. Gannon's letter. It now appears that our old friend at Lithgow had been wrongly informed, and he has, in a second letter, made a statement to that effect. We have also learned from the Sydney office of the company that there is no ground whatever for the statement, and that it resulted from the misrepre sentations of 6ome supporters of the present government, who were anxious to disseminate the belief that the works had thrived rather than gone down under a freetrade tariff. We are there fore very glad to do the company the justice of correcting the erroneous statement which lias been put into circulation. Wanted, — An asylum for Religious spiritual gad-abouts ! One Vagrants, of the afflictions imposed upon the church of to- day is the number of free lances, modern Reubenites, religious ne'er-do-weels, who wander in and out amongst the leal workers of our churches. These people puzzle us. They are always being ' specially led by the Holy Ghost.' Tliey form a thorn in the flesh of all godly earnest ministers, as painful as that which worried poor Paul. You never know where they are going to turn up, nor on what peculiar tack they will be sailing. They are ' a peculiar people ' in a very un-Pauline sense. They constitute a psychological phe nomenon that the philosophers of our churches have never as yet been able to fathom. And all the time they are growing lean; .They are too restless ever to grow. Cranks they are, and cranks they will remain to the end of the chapter. The other day we were passing along the street in front of the Polypathic Institute, and there, right before us, we saw about the most wretched specimen of a retriever dog we evier gazed upon ; diseased from nose tip to tail, a mass of mangey repulsive ness. There the horrid brute stood upon the side flags gazing with blood shot eyes right up at the gilt lettered board of this newest development of the medical profession. That weary, hungry look seemed to us to say as we stood before thej miserable mass of disease : 'I say in there, come out and do some thing for me. I've been the round of all the schools ; allopaths, hydropaths, homeopaths, and any number of other ' paths.' I've tried them all, and now I come to swallow the lot in one great gulp. Alas, the incurable canine Ishmaelite had to turn away and wander off to die in the gutter, or to pollute the harbour by committing suicide. That dog of the street, and the religious rolling stones of which we are writing, seem to us to have something in common. W.e leave the gentle reader to apply the delicate points of resemblance. And in the mean time let us pray for the speedy discovery of some remedy for the spiritual disease to which we have thus ventured to direct attention. niad^nn^ No more generous tribute and memory William Ireland Ewart Gladstone has been paid by any newspaper within our knowledge than that which appears in the last number to hand of the Irish Christian Advocate, the organ of the Methodist Church of Ireland. ' One of the greatest statesmen of the age, and one of the greatest Englishmen that ever lived,' is part of the tribute the editor pays to him. ' His scholar ship, his literary abilities, his un blemished character, his love for the Bible, his disinterestedness, his purity of purpose, ennobled his name, and made him altogether not only one of the greatest statesmen, but one of the finest Christians this country has ever seen.' The editor also says that ?' Ireland, like other parts of the empire, is indebted to his abilities and genius,' and that ' what he did for the. farmers of his country (Ireland) if he never accom plished any other work, was sufficient to enshrine his name forever in the hearts of the people.' The eulogy concludes with a mention of the State funeral, and the statement that thus passes out of sight ' one who was a tower of strength to the nation, and whose dearth has been universally deplored.' This tribute speaks for itself and will carry its own application. Anglo- During the past few weeks American * §rueat deal °f attention , has been paid m England Alliance. and throughout the Empire to the suggested Anglo- American Alliance. Out of the trouble between the United States and Spain there is likely to spring a more cordial under standing between the two great Anglo Saxon nations, and that will certainly be in the interests of the world at large as well as of the nations concerned. But whether anything in the nature of a foimal compact is desirable or possible is quite another matter. We are quite at one with an Euglish contemporary when it declares that 'we have more dependence on perfect purity of motive and uprightness of conduct than on any alliance.' If we cultivate these virtues we are strong enough to defend our selves against any possible combination; but if these virtues be absent from us, and policy substituted for righteousness, no alliance will ultimately save us from the consequences of our offences. It seems a far cry back to the days of old Hezekiah, when he was seeking to make an alliance with Egypt against his Assyrian foes. But the message of Isaiah to Israel then is not without its applicability to Britain to-day in presence of her many European foes : ' In returning and rest ye shall be saved ; in quietness and confidence shall be your strength. If the way to God and salvation is, indeed, blocked up, it is only blocked by your own sins. The door is not locked by a; divine decree, nor nailed up by any necessity of circumstances, nor barred by any peculiarity of your case. No, there is neither block, nor lock, except your sin. — C. H. Spurgeon. 