Ordination of the Rev. Ralph Figgis. \--?:o: SERVICE AT CENTRAL CONGREGA TIONAL CHURCH. TE? ordination of the Rev. Ralph Figgis, of Rosewood, as a minister of the Congregational denomination was duly and solemnly performed at the Brisbane-street Congregational Church on Thursday evening last. The Rev. J. H. Toms, President of the Queensland Congre gational Union, occupied the chair, and the other elergymen present were the Rev. Hugh Jones, M.A., of Brisbane; the Rev. Joseph Walker, pastor of the Brisbaneestreet Congre gational Church; the Rev. J. T. Williams, of Blackstone; and, of course, the candidate for ordination. It is upwards of 20 years since such a service was conducted in Ipswich in connection with the Congregational body, and it naturally aroused considerable interest. There was a fairly good congregation. The choir was in attendance, and, under the conductorship of Mr. P. Strahan, with Mrs. Strahan presiding at the organ, several appropriate hymns were rendered at intervals. In the the early portion of the service devotional services were engaged in, and then, In response to a request from the Chairman that he would give some account of his early experience in the Christian life, The Rev. Ralph Figgie said that from his earliest childhood he was trained in the nurture and admonition of the Lord, for which he had to thank his parents. When very young he was led to see Christ as his Saviour and there came a time (when he was about 14 years of age) when he was able to declare himself a servant of the Lord Jesus Christ, and he was then received into the fellowship of the Con gregational Church, which was a means of preserving his Christian life. From childhood he had had a desire to become a Christian minister. When he attained to the age of manhood the way was open for him to engage in lay preaching, and he did all be could in that department of the Lord's vineyard. In later years some of the brethren of the Christian ministry connected with their own church desired him to join the ministry, and encour aged him in his preparations. He thereupon applied to the Congregational Church for appointment as a home missionary. A place was found for him, and, under the guidance of the Ministerial Qualification Committee of the Union, he had passed through the prescribed course of study, and that night he stood before them as a candidate for the full work of the church. The Chairman then asked the candidate to state the reasons why he preferred to exercise his ministry in the Congregational Church rather than in other churches. The Rev. R. Figgis replied that he believed in the simplicity of the Congregational Church fellowship, which was, to his mind, the best ec pression of what the New Testament taught as to church fellowship. Moreover the Congrega tional Church was the church of his father and of his boyhood, and therefore he considered it a duty to serve in its ministry. The Chairman then asked the candidate to state the spirit and manner in which he pur posed to exercise bis ministry, and state briefly the truths upon which his emphasis should be laid. The Rev. R. Figgis said that he looked upon the Christian minister as an ambassador for Christ, and that it was given to him to declare the counsel of God and preach the gospel of the forgiveness of sin. He who had called him to preach had said: "I will be withl thee." Therefore, though the work might be great and his ability limited, he felt that he had the as surance of the Lord's presence. He proposed to emphasise the fact that the Lord came to this world to save sinners. He desired, too, to preach that the spiritual life was one of self surrender. To his mind, the aim of all Chris tian teacbing should be the perfection of Chris tian character. He purposed also to declare that a man's welfare in the life to come was conditional upon bow his life on this earth was spent. The Chairman, addressing the candidate, said : "Now in ;he words of the apostle, I think I may say that you hlave professed a good profession before God, and enticipating what my friend, the preacher, the Rev. Joseph Walker, will say, I may say ' Take hope to thy self and continue in the good work for in so doing thou shalt both save thyself and them that hear thee.' " The Rev. Hugh Jones having offered the ordination prayer, The PRev. Joseph Walker thln delivered the ordination charge. Addressing the Rev. Ralph Figgis he said: " And now, my dear friend and brother, you have been ordained a Christian Minister in connection with the Congregational sectionof the Church of Christ. Your senior brethren in the ministry have been satisfied with the result of your examinations in theology. They have confidence in your personal character, and in your religious experience, and they are satisfied with your purpose as expressed to night as to the spirit and manner in which you intend to prosecute your ministry. It now remains for me as one who has been for many years an ambassador of Christto addresstoyou a few frank and brotherly words on this solemn and interesting oocasion, and what I say will also, in a great measure, be addressed to every brother in the ministry. May I remind you, Mr. Figgis, that in Ilecom. ing a Christian minister you have not ceased to he a man. We Congregationalisets have no sympathy with that threefold division of the humlan race, which has sometimes been made into men, women, and ministers. Namby pambyism of every kind in the minister we abhor. We hold that one of the first qoalifies lions of a minister is manhood of the noblest kind-a manhood which is touched at every point with the spirit and example of Jesus Christ-a manhood that is suftused through and through with the power of the hnly Ghost." Continuine. he sai Ibu: liheir .rsa: a friend was ol'l.eriug In'n I!,- tull jutie: .I is Christian s,5' :a,.d~e a per.'s I i the worsl's history th!:. s\w. full ,I inter4:?t ald expeLta tion. "'', ad,'lane being made brought in creased r,:sponsibilities, and the work of the Christian minister was not going to be easier than in the past. The increase of education generally, the mental stimulus given in every direction, and the deep interest now being taken in all social questions, all meant a orerter strain and claim upon the intellect and the.uat of teachers and leaders. He counselled the rcv. gentleman to strive to magnify the ofice to which he had been ordained by a charaeteler which should always be above reproach and by a sympathetic fidelity to the ministry. Books were a most important part of the necessary out fit of a minister. He was glad to know tbat their young friend was beginning with a goad library, and he hoped to see him continue to buy books as he had done, not being anxious so much for quantity as for quality. Nor should be make the mistake of thinking that he was called upon to know everything. Life was short and the circle of knowledge was great, and most of them had to acknowledge that they were only average men, with limited means, abilites, and opportunities, and all they should do was to strive and make the best of what they had. If they themselves were little more than average men, they should remember that, in the main, it would be to the average people that they would preach. They must aim first and foremost to be good ministers of Jesus Christ. In reading, study, recreation, and everything else they should have regard to their ministry, that they might by the grace of God save themselves and those who heard them. Hae counselled Mr. Figgis not to join the rank of amateur critics. critical faculty was a very important one, should be held in careful reserve by preacher, and used with great care unless would do more harm than geod. Oneg need of this age was a minister of clear visi strong conviction, and resolute earnest who would live and preach in the pa of the Holy Ghost. He advised faith ness to God in little things, pointing that men rarely failed in little things at beginning. Visiting should haves a rightful p in a minister's plan of life, and espec should the sick and the poor be accorded best and most willing service. There was part of a minister's work which would y richer returns for his labour than the Sun school and the Christian Endeavour Soe that labour were willingly given, blse outside of a minister's own church shou dealt with according to one's own conscien in the sight of God. The temperance ment wai almost a necessary part of the of the Christian Church. In the light frightful faocts which were continually c before them, it would certainly be an it nse advantage in his ministry if every minister were a total abstainer. During his ministry, he had, next to his loyalty to the Gospel of Jesus Christ, helped men most by being himself a teetotaler. In his opinion, the minister who smoked was certainly not setting the highest example to others. Addressing himself particularly to the Rev. R. Figgis the preacher said-" Life is before you, my brother, and if it should be as bright and useful as I and my brother ministers desire, there is a splendid future before you. Preach the word; be instant in season and out of season. Reprove where reproof is necessary. Do the work of an evangelist, and make full use of your ministry. May you so live and teach and preach that, when the end eomet, you may look into the face of the faster and hear him say Well done thou good and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of the Lord.'" "Pour Out Thy Spirit from on High" having been sung, the service was then concluded by the pronouncing of the benediction. 