TOWN TALK Our Melbourne letter, together with other matters of interest, will be found od the first page of the paper. In consequence of the decision by the Marine Board, who suspended Captain Forbes' certificate for 12 months, Messrs W. Howard Smith and Sons ' have ap pointed Captain Williams, of the tug Sprightly, to temporarily replace Captain Forbes in charge of the Edina. Captain Williams brought the Edina to this port yesterday. The steamer Rockton called at this port yesterday, and took on board 6849 bags chaff for Sydney. She was to have been away at daybreak this morning. The Edino, bearing no outward marks, of her recent collision with the Mana watu, resumed running between Mel bourne and Geelong yesterday, and the service between these ports in the interests of Messrs W. Howard Smith and Sons will now go on uninterruptedly. Both the Courier and Edina carried a fair number of passengers, and owing'to her taking a larger cargo than usual, the departure of the latter boat was delayed for some time beyond the stipulated hour. The|Burrumbeet (Messrs Huddart, Parker and Co.) arrived in the bay early yester day morning, and berthed at the railway pier, where she is engaged in discharging 1600 tons of coal, consigned to the Geelong railways, and the local agency of the firm named. After completing lier unloading, the Burrumbeet will ship at this port a quantity of produce for Sydney. The Kockton (A.TJ.S.N. Co.) took up a berth at' the Yarra-street wharf in the afternoon, and received a quantity of produce for Sydney. The steamer has been chartered for the occasion by Messrs Huddart, Parker and Co. There was nothing significant in the visit of the gunboat Cerberus, which took up an anchorage off the Yarra- street wharf. The local Federation Association is up and doing, arrangements having been completed for a number of meetings to be addressed in various parts of this and neighboring electorates by advocates of the Constitution Bill. To-night the Hon. J. F. Levien and Mr W. Gurr, M's.L.A., will speak in support of the bill at Con neware. Mr Trenwith, M.L.A., the labor leader, will address a meeting at South Geelong on Friday evening, and the features of a demonstration at the Mechanics' Hali next Wednesday evening will be the speeches of Sir Henry Wrixon, M.L.C., and the Hon. Alfred Deakin and Mr J. Hume Cook, M's.L.A. These meetings will be followed by a systematic advocacy of the bill in ' the country centres about Geelone, arrange ments having been made for meetings at Drysdale, Ceres, Highton, St. Albans, Leigh Road, Inverleigh, Fyansford, Lara and Batesford. The objections, to the bill will be explained at the Geelong West town hall, to-morrow evening, by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, Mr W. J. Lormer, and the Rev. J. B. Ronald. We under stand that the opposing organisations, in order that the issue from both stand points may be put as fully and clearly as possible before the electors of Geelong, are negotiating for a platform debate between the Hon. Alfred Dealdn and Mr H. B. Higgins. There is not the slightest doubt that a discussion of this character would draw an immense audience. More than once we have had oecasion to call attention to the dangerous conse quences of stone throwing so commonly indulged in by schoolboys. It is a practice which should bo sternly repressed by the teachers, for as likely as not it is a passer by who falls a victim to the misdirected aim of the modern Davids. A local instance of this was furnished yesterday, a little girl named Lettie Brennan, who resides with her parents off Mulop-street, being struck on the forehead with a stone thrown by a boy in a State school playground which she was passing at tho time. The child sustained a nasty wound in con6equenee, and had to be conveyed to the hospital for treat *Va not 80 loD2 since ivboy met ith his death in a similar manner at Jwiiarnt, and stone throwing in the play ground or the streets should be dis couraged to the utmost. The excellence of some work turned out a few months since by Mr C. Taylor, of Ghenngbap-street, led to mi order ^!it1Uhimbyoneof tho P"n oipal undertakers of Melbourne for tho supply of several double sets of carriage harness. The second of these was sent way yesterday, and the workmanship reflects the utmost credit upon Mr iaylor being thoroughly honest and splendidly finished. With tho exception ol the metal work every part of the harness was made upon the premises, and hand-stitched throughout. Leather manufactured at Haworth's tannery was employed in the heavy work, and this has been found to give the utmost satisfac tion. The lighter portions of the harness were done in English leather. It is pleasing to find that the merits of local workmanship meet with such substantial recognition outside Geelong, for it is a proof that we have no occasion to go away from home for honest value. The diappearance of 24 merino ewes trom a securely fenced paddock at Moree, ten miles from Harrow, has been made the subject of a report to the GeeloDe police by the police authorities at Cam pcrdown. The ewes were the property or Michael^ Cass, farmer, who dis covered his loss on making a muster of his flock a short time ago. It is ^stated in the report that it was impossible for the ewes to have got out of the paddock nnaided, and it is the opinion of Mr Cass that they have been stolen singly and fa'llcd bv the thief to supply him with mutton. The schedule of Charles Henry, grocer, of Geelong West, was filed yesterday afternoon before Mr D. F. M'Grath, chief clerk. The liabilities amount to £753 os 7a, and the assets to £422 16s 6d leaving a deficiency of £330 Os Id' Causes of insolvency: Falling off in business, "and inability to collect debts. JUr o. J. Mead, official assignee. An unimportant cause list was set down for hearing at the police court yesterday, but it took, a little over tivo hours before the presiding justices rose from the bench. The greater portion of ttoo time stated was occupied with three cases dealing with squabbles between unfriendly neighbors, and some of the evidence tendered was of an amusiDg nature. In two undefended debt cases in which Mr A. H. Bowman appeared lor the complainants, orders were made Mr the amounts claimed, £1S 12s Oil, with ~ J'3 costs, and in a garnishee case the .rortland Cement Co. were ordered to pay to- w!tI* 1Gs 6(1 costs. Mr Jas. NigMon appeared for the judgment creditor in this case. In a case heard at the police court yesterday morning in which the defen dant was charged with using insulting words, the informant admitted that she laid the information on something told ?rr-o °^ers> an(l not heard by herself. MrEowman, for the defence, took the objection that the informant could r.ot lay an information in such a case, and araued that a policeman should have been asked to prosecute. The bench upheld the objection raised by Mr Bowman,their ruling being that the informant could not lay the information, as sbowas unable to testify to the objectionable words made use of. Yesterday Mr Neil Campbell effected the sale, privately, of the Pioneer Coffee Palace, Torquay, the purchaser bein" Mrs Edwards, of the Barwon Heads Coffee Palace. The sum obtained was a very satisfactory one. It is the intention of Mrs Edwards to carry on the two businesses. The presence in the streets of dogs of tho St. Bernard and other large breeds is fraught with danger to children. A child was attacked in Moorabool-street yester day afternoon by a gaunt canine of the Newfoundland species, aud but for the intervention of a passer by would have been worried by" the brute. There are far too many curs allowed to run wild, and the section of the act which provides that dogs must be furnished with collars as a meaus of securing tho identity of their owner should be rigorously en forced. An angling competition ia to bo held at Barwon Heads on Tuesday next under tho auspices of the Geelong branch of the Victorian Fish Protection Society and Anglers' Club. Conveyances will leave the rooms of the society for the scene of the outing at 7 a.m., rtnd the competition, which is to be closed at 4.30 p.m., will be commenced as soon after arrival as possible. The baskets may include all edible fish excepting parrot lish.and blue heads, and they must be weighed not later than 5.15 p.m. at the boatshed of Mr TV. Eden, who will officiate as judge and clerk of scales. Three trophies are to be competed for, and tho competition, in connection with which a post entry fee of is will bo col lected, is open to all financial members. At a meeting of the committee of the club held on Tuesday evening, it was reported that the restriction of netting in Corio Bay had been attended with gratifpng results, large shoals of small bream having mado their appearance within the prohibited area to feed upon tho new growing weed. Complaints that underweight bream were retained by anglers led to the honorary inspectors being instructed to keep a lookout for offenders, with tho view to their prosecu* tion. Tho Eastern Extension Telegraph Com pany have decided to lay an entirely new cable between Victoria and Tasmania, owing to the present one, which has done service since 1869, being unsatisfactory. Towards the end of next month the .cable steamer Sherard Osborne will be despatched from Singapore to curry out the work, and us she will b« equipped with 200 miles of wire and can "pay out" at the rate of five or six knots per hour, it is reckoned that the line will be in placo in the early part of July at latest. The cost of the undertaking is estimated at between £50,000 and £60,000, since tho most approved materials will be UBed in the con struction of the cable. The original lino cost about £40,000, and a duplicate one put down in 1885 involved an expenditure of £70,000, bnt cable material is cheaper now. A sum of £367 10s lid has accrued to the funds of the Melbourne Hospital as a result of the special issue of Jubileo stamps made by the Postal department. Tho total receipts of the issue amounted to £2800. The pur chase of tho stamps was a bad investment, ! however, for collectors, the issue not bcin" recognised by the Philatelic Society. c A little girl named Carter, nged sir years daughter of Sir Cartor, of Kangaroo Plat* died on Monday evening in peculiar circum stances. A few days ago sho was bitten by a poisonous insect. She could not say exactly when or how sho was bitten. Mor tification set in, and sho died as stated. A certificate that death was caused by the bite of an insect has been given bv Dr James. . An " Age " report from Eden, Now South "Wales, states that several magnificent water spouts were seen off the coast on Monday. One, of enormous size, remained perpendicu lar some 20 minutes. Numerous smaller spouts followed, as many ns 15 bcin;r counted in an hour and a half. Tho spouts seemed to accompany the storm. No rain fell, but the air was strongly charged with electri city, and tbo local telephones had to be dis conneoted. A youth named John Smith, whose place of residenco is Spring-street, Geelong West received treatment at tho hospital yesterday for an injury to his left knee, the result of a fall from a dray. Great consternation was caused in Elmoro late on Tuesday afternoon when news was brought in that Dr W, J. Gray, who has been a local resident for about twelvemonths had accidentally shot himself while gottinir through a fence. At about threo p.m. the doctor arid Sergeant-Major Boss, V.M.R., drove out some threo miles in the direction of Egerton to shoot parrots. They hitched their horse te a fence, and went in search of birds. Boss got into tho paddock first, and Dr Gray continued walking along the road for some distance beforo entering the pad dock. A smothered report of tho gnn attracted Ross's attention, and he saw tbe doctor throw up his hands, stagger, and fall. Dr Gray stated that when getting through the fence the gun, which was not cocked, went off, and he received the full charge of No. 4 shot in the left side of the stomach, a fearful wound being caused. Dr Gray was conveyed to his residence, and expired about half-past nine the same night. The Commissioner of Customs has approved of a departmental regulation relating to tourists' bicycles, for tho purpose of facilitating' their passage across tho border. A touring cyclist going outside of the colony anil intending to return, may obtain a certifi cate in which his cycle will bo described, and on paesing into the oolony again the produc tion of this certificate will result in the aycle being immediately admitted without any official formality. Cyclists from other colonies will be passed with equal prompti tudo on producing similar certificates from the authorities on their sido of the provincial boundaries. Provision is mado also for tho recognition of statutory declarations if thoy contain the requisite information. The Perth correspondent of tho "Ago" writes:-"Tho Folico dopartment and Anglican Church office recently* received telegrams from Wyndham stating that Mr Hale, ono of the members of the Anglican mi(sion to the aboriginies in the Forrest River district, had been speared in the foro ann by natives. One telegram states that his injuries are serious, and that four or five spears .were thrown, but that the other mem bers of the mission encaped unhurt. The circumstances of tho affair are not given in tho telegrams. Sir Hale is a ton of Bishop Hale, the first Anglican bishop of West Australia. Two othors are associated with him in tho mission. The principal Under Secretary has received a telegram from Mr E. Pearce, postmaster at Wyiidham, in reference to the attack made on tho missionaries at Forrest mission station by the natives,' It appears that Messrs Halo aud Ormcrod left the Forrast mission station about 4 a.m. on Sunday, leaving Mr Lennox alono at tho Btation. They arrived at Wyndham about 5 o'clock the same evening. Mr Hals had then a spear wound in his left forearm, which was considered serious." Once s month (writes the " Argus ") the opium dens of Little Bourke-etroet are deserted. The lanes give up their living dead, and towards Dr Singleton's hall con verge steadily a dozen lines of pallid, ragged, Mcar-eyed women and girls, a large propor tion of thom slaves to " the habit." Within that little building, Mrs Booth, of the Sal vation Army, has prepared a sapper for all those women who care to aceept the hospi tality of tho institution, and on Tuesday night, despite tho heavy rainfall, no fewer than 200 women and girls took advantage of the supper. At 11 o'clock the first batch were admitted, and not until two o'clock did tho last contented, well-fed guest leave for the hovel that she has to call her home. During tho evening songs and items of instrumental music were scattered freelv through tho programme, and after an Pxhf bition of excellent limelight views the wonders of the graphophono and the cine matographo were brought to the oar* and eyes of Little Bourkti- atteet-in manv instances for tho first time. The supper, in addition to mdkioj^ temporary provision for tho wants of the body, has been frequently the means of doing pormanent good to the soul, for by meann of these monthly reunions tho Salvation Army itas been enabled to become acquainted with its guests, and not infrequently to turn them from opium and vice into the paths of honosty and clean living. There seems every probability of all the mails which went down in the wrock ef the s.s. Manawatu being recovered in good condition. Tho divers brought one bag up on Tuesday, and as they have fcarched all around tho ship, which is on a clean sandy bottom, and have not found any stray letters, it is believed that the balance of the bags will bo found intact in tho hold when tho vessel is raised. Tho bag found on Tuesday was a big one, containing a number of smaller ones, all holding letters, and addressed to Hobart from Adelaide, Cobar, Bourke. Hay Deniliquin, Enston, Cootamundra Youn<*' Coron-a, Junee, Wagsra, and Port Adelaide. The latter was enclosed in a paper wrapper, which had burst, bctrayiDg a letter, also broken, from which peeped a £1 note addressed to " Tattersall." The tempter of Ccklo Dame fortune will bo pleased to loarn that the letterhas been sealed up and sent on to Hobart with the balance of the recovered mails. Up to the present tho applications on be half of intending Victorian exhibitors at the laris Exhibition havo not been very numerous. Most of the applications for space havo come from the producers of natural products, suoh as fruit, grain, wine, wool, and butter. The mauufacturers have not responded to the circulars sent out to them. Iho Minister of Agriculture, who has tho matter in hand, lias sont out 1500 circulars to the persons who exhibited at tho Melbourno Exhibition, and he desires that intending exhibitors who have not received circulars should intimate to liim their intentions, as ho wishes to be able to report definitely to tho Cabinet what is necessary to be doue to pro vide for the representation of tho colony, aud to make arrangements for cool storage and transit. ° Sydney telegram to the " Age " says : -"Lately the Federated Builders and Con tractors' Association of Australia held a con vention, and at Monday night's idcotin,r of tho Now South Wales body some of "the delegates furnished informal reports of what had been done. Tho principal matter to come under consideration at tho convention said tho president, was the question of day labor, and this took a very prominent place on tho business sheet. The delegates found that the tactics pursued by the advocates of the day labor system were tho same in Victoria as they were here. Unfortunately however, tho Governments In both colonics were dependent so much on the Labor party for their very existence that thoy had yielded to the demands of one section of society. ' There is,' added Mr Priogle, « a moBt determined attempt on the part of tho Labor parties not only of Now iionth Wales, but throughout Australia, to abolish contractors. that is, as regards all Government work, and it behoves us, therefore, as mon who havo our fortunes and livings in our hands to defend ourselves. I repeat that this move ment to tho injury of contractors is not peculiar to New South Wales, for the dele gates from the various colonies had the samo story to tell, and unless we bestir ourselves day labor will prevail, to tho great disad vantage of the public and of tho con- j tractors.' " The Perth (West Australia) correspondent of the " Ago " states " In regard to the proposal to afford Stato aid to certain in dustries, which the Governmeut intends to embody in a bill next session, the probable course taken will be to loan to persons starting vegetable or fruit preserving works £1 for every £1 invested, the security to be tbe works themselves, nnd the borrowers to have 20 years to repay loans at 5 per cent, interest. A very enjoyable social in connection with the " Mazeppa " private quadrille assembly was held on Tuesday evening in the Colombia skating risk, which was tastefully decorated for the occasion. The attendance numbered about 44 couples, and dancing was entered into with zest, the pianoforte mnsic being supplied hv Mrs Doherty. The catering arrangements were in the hands of Mr W. Stowart, who gave every satisfaction to the' company. Tho marine store collector's license of Ail Toon was renewed at the police court yes terday. A correspondent writing from Drysdale says:-" A young lady last week returning homo from the railway station, Drysdale, when passing up a catting, was suddenly confronted by a supposed ghost. She was advised to carry u stick in futuro, and uso it if necessary. On Monday night the same object confronted her, when, having a good stout waddy ready, she laid it on without mercy. The ghost cried out, and made a hasty retreat, but, unfortunately, without leaving his name and address, which, how ever, are shrewdly guessed at." contributors to this column must not unduly encroach upon our space. Unless re ports are written in brief, there is always a danger of their rejection. No announcement of events to take place are admissible unless they refer to advertisements in anothor column. We are occasionally asked by contributors to this column why portions of their letters relat ing to forthcoming events aro excised. Refer ence to the heading of this column will afford tho explanation. . The same rulo applies to tho letters of some of our country correspondents, much of tho matter they sometimes contain being simply advertising announcements. Dan Barry's Co. is announced to re-appoar at tha'Exhibition Theatre on tho Queen's Birthday in the stirring Australian drama 11 Ransom," which abounds in sensational incidents of early colonial life. Mr H. F. Richardson notifies his usual sale of farm, dairy, and orchard produce, this (lay, including special lines as per advertisement. MessrH Bright and Hilciieocks have noiv on salo the " Federation badge," a pretty gilt piece about the .eize of a shilling, suspended from colored silk ribbon. In a circle, sur rounded by star points, are tho words " Aus tralia's Commonwealth, 3-G-98." The hadgo is expected to Ixs worn by all who aro in iavor of Federation. We have received a copy of " United we will bo," an Australian national son?, tho words by William Carrington, and the music by our old townsman, Dr 8. M'Burney. The musical setting interprets 'the spirit of the words to the beat advantage). The composition is published by Messrs A. and W. Bruco, Bourke-street, Melbourne, Messrs A. .T. Young and Co. will soil by auction on Monday next, at 2 o'clock, on tho ground, splendid building allotment Kilgour street, facing Kardinia Park, and at 3.15 p.m., on tho ground, Mr Fry's farm. Highton, five miles from Ocelon^', 300 tons firewood iu lots to suit purchasers. Intending applicants for position of collector to tho Geelong Protestant Orphan Asylum aro reminded that applications will ho received by tho secretary up till 12 o'clock to-morrow. Wheat is quoted at 3s lOd per bushel at Horsham, and 4B at Jung Jung for good samples. Overdue rates in the shire of Corio most bo paid by ratepayers not later than tho 10 th prcx,, to ensure the insertion of their names on the ratepayers' roll. Messrs Seelcy and King invito tenders for erection of iv.b. cottage at East Ueelong. Batejiayors in the borough of Geelong West are reminded, by advertisement, that rates must be paid not later than the 10th prox. to ensuro their names being placcd . on the ratepaying lists. Messrs H. Blomfield Brown and Col, will cell in their rooms, on Thursday, 2Ctb inst., at 11 o'clock, household furniture and eiTects, removed to the rooms for convenience of sale, by order of the trustees in the estate of Mr S. Wellwood, deceased, and other owners. Inspection cordially invited. the usual meeting of the Women's Christian Temperance Union was held iu tho Sons of Tempcrance Hall Jast Monday afternoon, the newly-elected president, Mrs Hill, in the chair. Tho resignation of tho esteemed president, Mrs Humble, on account of ill-health, was received, and with much regret was accepted, sho having held that office almost from the incep tion of the Geelong branch. Tho remainder of the afternoon, after nsual routine of busi ness, was spent in a social way, to bid farewell to Mrs Ballans, who is leaving Qeelong. Several members contributed solos and recita tions. Mrs Hill gave some partiog words, wishing Mrs Ballans a safe journey, and also God's blessing in her new Bphere. Mrs Ballans responded, thanking the members for their good wishes. Afternoon tea was indulged in by the members and friends present, and a very enjoyable meeting was brought to a con clusion by singing l,God be witn you till wo meet again." . . 