COMPLETE STOEY. [published bt stecial aeilisoesiext'.] The ToiC0 on the Stairs, fit RITA;" Author of "The Sinner," "Kitty the Rig "Peg: the Rake,Euaing-'of iny ; ' Day," "Sheba," "Countess "" ■ PBaramond," '" A • Woman in it," . -&c.;, &c...; . r [cormrcirr.] 7 HFN true, Holly ?" "No, darlin'. Don't yo .bp payin' a ny heed to sioh. stories. Thrue is it? Haven't «* I been hero* nt |\ . Banfurly since Ab, Tfcwas be was the fine ginileman, wid an oath always handy, and the masterful way wdd him—for he conldn't bear contradiction —and for the matter of that, no more can yer o wn father. I nursed him and, Mister Standish, and I was here whin' yer mother came as a bridei and X had ye in my arms whin ye was bom, and, as I told ye before, uiver a sight nor a sound av any ghosts, and being so long in the family they'd liave been payin' their respects to meself before this if they'd have had any sort av daccnt manners j at all at all." 44 It's not a ghost, it's a voice," persisted the child. " And Gullagban was telling me about, it. It's a whisper, sho says, comes down the Ion; corridor, and it's a warning to the person who hears it, and if they don't heed it something dreadful happens to them."' " Well, that'sa mighty sensible ghost, I'm ThiakinV' said Molly Magratb. ♦'Nor people generally do come to grief, darlin', when they disregard warnings—if so ho the warning is ; scohible at all. So may be Mary Galiogban j had some truth on-her tongue for, once. But I there, come and sit down and liava yer tay, '"child, and don't be worritia yer pretty head wid ghosts and thim sort." The child drew near to the teatable. She was a small,. pale- slip of a creature, with a frightened look in her toft blue eyes, [ and that shrinking, nervous manner which is in itself an advertisement of unhappy, child hood. Ana Maureen O'Farrall was unhappy with that hopeless unuappineiw which is the oat come of crushed feelings, tyrannous usage, and general misunderstanding. She was the only child of two singularly unsuited parents, and had lived in an atmosphere of storms and disagreements ever since she coald remember. Her mother was a beautiful woman, high spirited, passionate, and reckless, who . had married a raau much older than herself for sake of his wealth and position. §lie found hcr.-elf in the power of a tyrant, the victim of incessant jealousy, and the butt of a temper alternately cynical and morose. When, after three years of this life, she gave birth to a daughter instead of an heir, she had filled the cup of her offending. The O'Farrall property would have to p3ss to a brother of Sir Lucius, whom be hated and liad quarrelled witli years before. Ho brooded over this fact until he had magnified it into a wrong jointly committed by mother and child. Poor little Maureen grew up 5u the shadow of fear. Her mother cared little for her, her father was only an object of terror to lier young mind, and her only friend and comforter was her old nurse, Molly Magrath, to whom her troubles were always confided, and who tended and cared for her with all her honest loviug heart. Still it was a .sad life and a lonely one for the child. Ranfurly, her father's property, was situated in a wild and desolate part.'of the west coast of Ireland./ The hodse itself was old and gloomy, and she used to creep about the great 100ms like an uneasy spirit, afraid of the rustling hangings at the win dows, of the shadows lurking in the deep re cesses, afraid most of all of the great corridor, to which the famous oak staircase led—a vast space, ill-lighted aud full' of' mysterious corners; and bung with ancient family pic tures, whose gloomy faces and strange fixed eyes used to*terrify the little girl as she flitted by on her way to the nursery, where alone were light aud air aud brightness to be found. On this evening when she hud finished her tea, Maureen drew* her own little chair up to the bright fire, and sat there leaning her fair head against her nurse's knees and listening to her kindly chatter. "Molly," said the child at last, "why doesn't Uncle Standish ever come here now?" "Faix, daclin*, it isn't for the likes of mc io be giving raysons for family quarrels." "There was a quarrel, I know," continued the child. "I heard my futher speaking ubout it to-day, and mamma got so pale and looked ao angiy." 41 Did they say anything about yer comiu' down to the party, darlin'?" asked Molly. 44 I've got yer white silk frock ready for yc in case ye might be wantin' it." Maureen shooljber head.. . "No," she said, "I'm sure they don't wish mc to come down, and indeed I'd rather bo licre, Molly." „ . • The .old woman "stroked her fair hair silently,''and they both sat grazing- into the fire and listening^ to the rising wind as it sighed and wailed around the gloomy housed "'Twill be a wild night for the party,1' said Molly at: lust. "Not that the quality care for a thrifle of bad wcuthcr in these parts. To.was sayin* about yer uncle, durlin.*.' I did hear some talk av his coming to-night. But 'taps yer mamma told yc?" *' V .lio,"'Bhe«ud»" nothing. Is he;-really coming, Molly ?" "4I couldn't .say forssartin, dariin*, but there must-be some thin' in it, -as the red room has been got-ready, an* 'twas always.his room. It's many a'-long year since he set foot in Ranfurly. Ah.'tis he has the hind heart, as iverjone knows, maybe a bit too soft where the ladies is consumed." - • , • . She stopped. abruptly, renietnoering the keen young ears struinH.for her incautious words. - . •" " Oh, I do hope he will come," exclaimed Maureen.* " Do you think he will nssc to seb mc, Molly? Surely mamma wouldn't mind -r-and yet-— Her eyes contracted, and a little puzzled frownLdrew her smooth brows together.; She was'trying to remember ' something--some words dint in that stormy encounter between her parents had flashed *h£c steel from its scabbard and struck her. mother pale and dumb. . -M . "If it were Staudish. and ho were in my place! Do you fancy..! am blind,..my lady, because I don't choose to see? Yet——" And then she had slipped - away and left tbera. y . What had the words meant? Did her mother really wish the younger brother were I in the place of the cider? Owner end' master I of Ranfurly—ouo bsloved where. the other | was hated, one respected where the other was only feared! ... "'Twill be a'grand party• intireiy," con tinued Mojily presently. 44 Twinty- four to dinner at luste:* An'wasn't I lookiii' at yer mother's diminds this very morniu', and tnira gparklin' that lovely on the satin av her gown." "I wish I could see her," said Maureen wistfully.-' " Well, and why not?" said Molly' coohy^ "You've only to "stand at the comer where the corridor turns, and ye'U see her come* on t av her "room an* go down the- staircase. • Ah, 'tis she is the beautiful creature whin she's dressed, an' wid the jnles on hor white neck as grand as any Quane, God bless her." 44 But that corner is always so dark,'*, said the child,'with a little shudder. "An' what av that? Who's goin'.to hurt ye, dark or no? There's no place ye'U see her so well, barrin' the' dining-room itself ; an* ye sar thev've uot .aied ve to go iu ,at all?" * " * . Maureen shook her fair head. Then sud denly she rose and leant her arms on Molly's lap, her little wistful face uptunied to the only one that hud ever shone with love ana tenderness for Iter. "I wish, Moliy," she said, /'I. was u woman." 44 Oh, fiarlin', don't be wishm* any sich a thing at all.. 'Tis a power av sorrow they've to bear, an' wake craytures at the best. Mcself I niver throubled me head about the bhoys. Tliere niver was one I'd be talk in' to the whole country.round. 'There was Andy Boyle as was throwin* an eyo at me once," she went on reflectively, "but divil a bit av use. An' a poor husband he'd have made, scein' 'tis threo times iu gaol he's been since; Christmas. I mind once his arm was round ! me waist, but I up» an* jumps out av the place afore it ivcr got any further. But there, dariin', dou't ye be thinkin' on thhn subjects, for swutehearts are poor things an' not worth thehavin* whin ye've'got tbira. Not that! the gurls bclave it; an' niver a one in the | parish but has her heart, set coloured cashmere to be married in, an'. lets| the first man as comes along put the 4 come dher' on her. An' what's the eud av it ? Living on the clippings av tin, a* likes as not, I for want av a look round the corner instead av | a jump in the dark." The child sighed and slipped down again I on the rug by Molly's side. 44 Two hours yet before the quality will be rrivinV remarked Molly presently. 44 And me lady will be wantin' me to help her dress iu an hourv It's a shamo Sir Lurius doesn't let her have her owu maid, not that there'd be much for u maid to do, an' thim stuck-up foreign raaddauis wudn't live a month in a place like this for the nmthrcss tried kapin' one whin she lirst married, an' niver a one wud stay." 44 Mamma goes out very seldom," said the child. "Thracforyc, dariin*, an'" 'tis moighty rare to have any cntertainin' here cither. Sorra a bit av a party here have I seen for these eight mouths till to-night. "Whist! What a night, too! The wind's moanin' round the place like a laygion av banshees." 44 Perhaps," said Maureen, 44 the people won't come, Molly." 44 Oh, they'll come, dariin', fast enough. There's not too much diversion in these parts at the best av times, an' weather's not likely to stop it wiiin there's a chance av any.". ^ 441 should like to sec them," said Maureen wistfally. 44 Will all the ladies be as beauti ful as mamma?" 44 As beautiful, is it? Faith no! 'Twould be hard to bate her, agnt. Not that she's the same woman she was ten years ugo, but time and trouble, darliu', luive a dale to answer for wid us women. But there—don't be lookin' so solemn, child. It's nothing to do wid ye. Now git yer doll or yer books an' play here till I come, back to ye.. An' niina, if ye want to have a sight of yer mother jist go down to the corridor an' wait under thb big picture where the turn is tc the staircase, an' ye'll seo her beautiful. An' don't ye be thinkin' av ghosts an'sich like, for they're baint no sick tilings, barriti' a banshee or so us comes to visit the raal giutry. Now ye won't be lonesome, will ye'?'V ' " Oh, no," said the child cheerfully,' as she took her doll from its'cradle, and then went over to her favourite shelf of fairy tales to* select a volume. fs' She seated herself once more by the fire and became'.absorbed in tho sod adventures of VThe Little Mermaid." She did not know howlongorshort a- time had passed, when' tho door.opened quietlyand^soraeono catnc intothe loom. rJSbe^glanced up. thinking.it must he Molly, but to her surprise it was a stranger—a man middle-aged, but • strikingly handsome, with a kindly smile on -his lips as he met her startled eyes. "Why, -Maureen," he said, "little Maureen. ' Don't you know me?" She rose to her feet, shy and wonderiug. • "No," che sttid.' • " Who.are you ?" I am your uncle Standiih," hennswered. *'1 thought I would like to^ see "my little friend again, for we were great friend?, Maureen, the last time I was here. Lc-tmc see. that was four, no .five years uico. You are ten years old now, are you not?" "Ten yours to-uay," taid tho child. No one had remembered her birthday, save only her faithful old nurse, Molly. No good wishes or presents had celebrated it for her. ■ "I kr.ew that," ;said her uncle, smiling. "And if you will comfthere and give mo a kiss, mid'say .*How do you do,*'TJac!e Standi?!)?' 'I will, show you n little present Ihavc hero for you." 1 There was .no'"resisting that kindly voice and face. The little £irl forgot her shyness and went over as he had asked. It seemed strange Jliat he had rcipembered what her own parents hud ignored. .He bent down to th'o little paie face, and kwsed ir. '*May yoti.lnye many more birthdays, little one,"-he taid; "and may each be happier than the last. And now here is your present." He took a-small case from his pocket, and opening it revealed a locket,, with her mono gram in pearls, and suspended . from a fine jold chain. . The child gave a try of rapture. It seemed i to her the lovelisst ihing she had.ever seen. ; She could scarcely believe \it was meant for her, even when her uncle uncoiled the chain,' j ana fastened it round,her neck. • - | "Oh, how <rood of you to think of me," [ she cried. *4 No one else did—except Molly." I " And yonr mother, surely ?" be said."Y j The child shook her fair head.t "No, I j think sho forgot," she said, simply. "Per haps it was because of the party to-night. T suppose that is why ycti came," she added, grarely. An odd expression shadowed Standish t O'Parrall'.s expressive face. '."Yes," he. said, *'that is , why 'I came. And I retnemberod it was your birthday, and] I thought'you would come down to dinner also.".. x ; / . She glanced down at her simple frock and chiidiVh pinafore. ' " ' • '•'* , "Oh no," she said. ."They would not let medorhat.". *7'.- - "Not even to dessert?'*-he said. "Per bapsif Ispoke toujour father-—" . " Swine remembrance of the sceno of . the rooming flashed across the child*? brain. . . • " Oh, please do not," she cried entreat ing!}*. "They—I mean father—wonid only be angry, and 1 am much happier here." He saw she was in caruest, almost pain fully so, and ceased to press the point. " Well, come fuid sit on my kheo and talk lo me," be said cheerfully, and took Molly 3Iagrath's big easy chair and drew Maureen towards him. v She had quite got over her shyness now, and sprang lightly on his knee and beptn to talk to him in her quaint, old-fashioned way in answer to his questions. They were laughing together over some story he wa* telling, when again the door opened and Maureen, to her amazement, saw her mother euter the nursery. It _was altogether so unusual a proceeding on the part of Lady O'FarraU that the child stared at her in speechless surprise. . Her hair was dressed, hut she hod onlv thrown on a lcose sort of wrapper, through whose sheeny siiken folds her neck and arms and the beautiful contour of her figure were, plainly visible. Her cheeks were brightly flushed, her eyes shone like stars. To the child sho was as ever—the embodiment of nil feminine loveliness. The man looked at her with sad, grave eyes, in which reluctant admiration showed itself. ' Ko put the child down, and they advanced and shook hands. * "You found your way here, then?" she said in a low voice.' " I have only just heard you had arrived." She took no more notice of the child than if she had been n block of wood: only beckoned bim aside to the window and kept him there for a few moments in earnest con versation. j Maureen wondered what they were talking about. She only caught stray words here and^ there. It seemed as if her mother were urging something to which her uncle objected; but ho plcaded.vninly against her urgent persuasion, and one by ono she com bated his arguments, until, half reluctantly, he gave the promise she demanded. - "I tell you," she said at last, " it is life or death. I must have the monoy, and this is the only way. At least they arc worth £10,000. Live here a day longer I cannot—I will not!" ^ Ho gave a warning glance in Maureen's direction, but tho child had taken up her book, and was paying no attention to thcin. A brief time longer Lady O'Farrall lingered talking in the same subdued whispers; then declaring that she would rcarcely have time to dress, sho hnrried away, only nodding carelessly to the little girl as" sho passed her. It seemed to Maureen that a change came over her uncle StandUh. His face, lost its genial smile, his eyes looked sombre and to her,'tat stood "wi^bfs'dSCtl'eS in? him. She hod bee£ weU self-suppression. " Q After a while .hesoemedtoremcmfe iL' presence, and once more began to'tSf tTi ■ But the chain was snapped.' to h.m instead of an amusement, udv^ Boon he bade her good night to im Ji? I room to dress for dinner. ' • V-; ( " I am staying the night here, you hoe I he said. " So I shall see you ao-jin " J " Ho btat down and kissed her, and stood for a moment, his hand osier fi?"' ■looking sadly at the fair hair and the liiTr ' ^ wistful face., . j '."Ah., why weren't yon aboy,Maureen >'■ JoCaVtaher-e''' ** ""■» of J Tnea he went away It „eI neither of . them knew■ what": would ■£?■■>■ happened iii that ill-fated hoiiseholifc'„„v they met agam. . ■ . ■ .. . —-. and' "more mtleu i«"r the time went on. At last she decided .h.-' would go. down to the long dn'tridor .'.i' , - , .... }mS corridor al endeavour, to see her mother 'as she passed h her bravery of satin and jewels to1he tem. : tion rooms-below.:. , \ Sb2 stole dov.'n thc stairs as-the clock pointed" to five- minutes before_the:Wr. and made her way to the corner of "which HoMy ' had spoken.' Ic was certimljr.bbsc'urc i to -.-belter hc-r.-for - the, corridor wasahraj^ Hi-lit, and even to-night'proved no ezcipticm,' She had scarcelyrtakcn up 5her position;^ when the door of her mother^ ita'sing-ioca i opeucd. and she came out. The child Itxhkl .-i -* her :u breathless awe. A vision hoiorelj; ;med to her .almost' unnatural. . Her 50m : of. white satin trailed dieliuul h:-r: ijiatnondi' glistened on Her. white thrust and anas. S»; passed aionglike aqaeen in her' beauty, and ' bejran to descend.the utuirs. Suddenly it seemed to'the child th.it a coU'; wind; swept' through the- gloomy corricit,. It elghed past her like a living voice, and in" its mournful piiswige a strange sound wiled out, and '.then died into the,silence. Wait 1 fancy, or hud a. word really soundedt The \ child frffc us if uii icy hand had sazedhcr ia its grip: .-'Shehad no power to movdorspai;.; . Suddenly her mother's voice ocoke slurry anil yet with u thriil of fear in its clear nou : rosa the stillness. " Who spoke ?" it said, and shehalMurnw,':; and stood looking, up the stairs, sue hid'; descended, one hand on the oaken balostnd?,-';• the light falling on. her pale and startled fae.; There was ho answer. . * . . She .stood as-it expectant, -then tomfl';! ugkiu and went oh down the broid staiw, lav satin of her" guVn, rustling faintly, as *!»•', moved.- \ Maureen- scarcely "'waited for that twiVia» ; echo' to cease ere with n'iowcryslicd^hd.' frbni her hiding-place, rind into the dressing- -1 room wherj: Molly 'stood 1 putting away tt« • odds' and ends'-of -her mistress's complete! , toilette.-; (\ 1 Saints and angels, child! what's the cutis" j utaHf'-shc exclaimed, as Maucecu flew ^ and. trembling • inshear ' twiilj j But the child was almost speechless, and it ; took allJLe woman's power* of scoMicgori-,; soothing combined to calm her into her old i self again. ■ "There" is. a. voice, Molly," she cried, an! "j that'was all she would say. ".There hi - voice. T heard if,''-and mother heard it ; aa she passed doiyn the stairs."' "A voice, accushla!"—and the oldwoma . crossed herself hurriedly. " Och, shure, ilV drumin' ye are. 'Tis the wind howling— - didn't I liear.ifc meself But Maureen only shook her, head- aai.. maintained that, not only had she heard tie"; strange whi.vper, but her mother must have done so, for -she hud paused aud tared ; ,fcc» call up the stairs, and asked who hid.-, spoken. -• . . Molly Magrath ceased to areuo the poiot;.' she bustled about. : tidying thft room, >"d:, then made up the fire and took the child Uck. to her nursery. -V: But even when she was undressed andafc- ' in her> own little bed. Maureen could td-*; sleep. -.She started 'at. the slightest souca, -' and grew more feverish and restless a3tli -. night wore on. To pleasa Maureen Jfw); 1 left the night lamp burning when ehs wentta her own bed in the adjoining room. «V; bidding the child shut her eyes and try to sleep, she set herself to follow herownadnre- ■ The sound of carriago wheels died away*1 - last. The silence of night descended on tw bouse." Still Maureen Jay there wideavusj; her eyes ataring ut the light, her brain nuH • with n thousand strange and throngi^?-: fancies. Tho very stillness of the rao • became oppressive. Hie sighing of the • had^L'rowu fitful aa the galo died ' ft It The sound of a clock strikingiu thedisnmcs reached tho child's ears. One—two— two o'clock in the morning. She log w. tb«rWhes over her hetf ... to sleep; sho drew the clothes over her . nnd lay quite still, as sbo had^bcc^j^^^ ■: do when quite a little thing. . ,n began to steal over her excited brain unnatural activity ceased to torm'^ - She seemed to be slowly dniting aw . dark sea, and thought for a time was wnetner nours or raomeu» r~ . , ,p could not tell, but suddenly sho sta wide awake, feeling as if :ntcr shriek fcho had heard was still nngiDe "Si was silent. .Tho room was shadow, tho fire had died out, tho . but a feeble glininier of cxhnustcd t impulse overpowerinif and forcioi spriu? from her bed ami nub toU" ^ Outside" all was darkness, tat ® .^tu-ocj moonlight foil through the , window of tlio landing-plaeo * a 0j milky track wandering along to 'i~.ii. Sho crept alo»K that track jUircMC. instinct: . Tha fantastic ^irbcr brain had mown auddeuly fA fear had left her, aha only felt that a mi on and down to the longcomdor. *-'?£L there the abriek had ascended.. S tr step. °n0 sma11 han2 c,lm.«mF Slnstride, her eyes wide and strained, "ad only by the quivering line of moon &inde; her way downward. - corridor was dusk, . and full of EU 0°"soUtacy lamp ^ bracket. There waa no other light, it seemed to Maureen us if external Lfion could' havo shown her no more felt she saw-a white figure lying id silent at the head of the great stair Korror seized the child as she gazed down JSoodleas' face, the stating eyea traus tjk, terror. unnttorafcle, the parted lips. Id ckaming ivory She crouched tafia atarted up, and screamed aloud. In foment doors were opened, lights flashing. {jTrts confusion and dismay. She remem I do more. rfbaii3o"tho motionless form, and her "J warm body, but it was racing 'momentarily more stiff and rigid. | Cie silence of desolation and ill-repute bad aaaded to Ka'uforiy House. Tlio tragic «lh of Lady O'Farroll bad never been qnito Jarfonly explainod. To those who bad a her at her dinner-table that night, joyous, .radiant with health and life, <anei altogether horrible to think that a *bonis later she hod" been found murdered Battery was supposed to havo been the! oofiTe of the crime, for her diamonds' were * » trace of them had cTcr been Thd robber must have been jaded in.the house; an easy matter enough Jathatright when doors and windows were tpfaia'all directions, and so many strange \\-rmtsabont that an unfamiliar face would' ureeirited no remark. Atthe:.'inquest nothing was discovered in ■bewy of a clue, and the usual vcrdicr. 'kinder by some person unknown," ended ijDjrfoypf-that tragic night. Standish' O'Farrall never crossed his rotter's threshold, never was seen to speak i lira again from that hour. As soon as the itamTaad investigations were over Sir ratios shut up the house, leaving oily three pfour old servants to take pare of it, sent Maureen.to a school, and went -abroad, igbtyears afterwurds ho was found deaden , j bed in a third-rate hotel in Paris, where \t had been living. Mi .was,certified as due to heart com lainf, accelerated by fast living and abuse of imulante. After his death his brother Sir toriish succeeded to the property and came live at Eanfuriy; ' Ihureeuwas now eighteen. A beautiful girl with a face of intense melancholy . and seemed almost to hold aome huuufc-* ig terror in their depths. Her uncle removed her.from school as soon' a the boose had bceu put'into order, aud she aae to lire at her oldhoiuc again. life there wns. onc-rathcr to* foster. than hnish melancholy. Her uuclc had aged rcndafnlly to these few years. '• His hair' tuquite white, his erect figure had become ioTed and feeble, his genial face- and jleuaot smile Juid given place to an expres '''"'ofall-aBsdrbtog sorrow, cople talked and wondered, and shook i beads and murmured of uncanny deeds Jtd an evil fate attending the O'Farrall pn2y. It was certainly no place and no lifo for a 'OBg.girf, and Marireen grow pale and Novy and silent. The spirit of some Range doom seemed for ever brooding about j i:e silent rooms and dusky carridurs of the pu old mansion. • Jla-krWn old corner of the'nursery sat P%' Magrath, an ancient crone now of yrenty-oxt "for ever telling her beads and ponrng old stories. to an imaginary child, v® brain had- never quite recovered the pdof thataWful night when her nursling's had summoned her from her bed and Jwha found her mistress lying stark and ta in the long corridor with the imprint of fiagers on her bare white' throat, the cedr1 * 1 M her by some ruthless hand, tie child lying in a deucL faiut beside luw ^aurecn tried to get her to talk uut night, but it was only foolish bubble, tae mystery seemed destined to remain •vcTer a mystery. subject. Her undo 1 left ;Qght*for clue never spekk of it. Tho servants had ! except Holly. In vain Haurecn ! 7e newspapers containing an uccount tv- had been kept from her, and 3 0 hour it seemed hopeless to get by day, .. ier ordinary Ufe aud went about mmary occupations, Mauroen felt that IjiL • r mother's fate was becom [? a taunting spectre to her. It met her in ib-ntTX^ memories of her unloved aud l l»m? <,0^*fc haunted tho rooms t ^er "od occupied, abovo all it haunted I tbat portraits. • Passpd through it but she seemed T^nly fimirc descending.the Jho diamonds flushing c 'ami ter ^enutitul iiair.0nA«d mm C°t Mliancy and beauty bad d?e^^crnshed out of lS°*,raurd«uua rapacity! W»onm.a!|fal, t" think of, and yctsliq ^'telemnJ «'u, f''- Shoholicvod now ^ithaa i . warning voice, believed ^W'niftUi ^ breathed its fatal message <5,78. e«; Wlmt deed lmd sho livT .^at l,r"photio "Don't" Krn-> a Wailing wind through tlio cqtndot and arrested lier step. Oh, if sho. had listened—if she had I believed! , ~ *• Maureen had lived a year 'with her uncle, and every day and mouth of that year had only meant an - increase of* dreariness and melancholy for both. One evening ho had retired to the library as usual, aiid she was sittings,reading a book in the room sho had. fitted np and chosen for her own use. Siiddealy.she remembered that she had left: a note-book in which sho had made entries and extracts from her favourite authors in the library that afternoon, where she' • had been reading. some of Shelley's poems. She rose at once, and rah'lightly down the stairs aud entered the room. Her uncle wus standing bsforo an old-fashioned escritoire, looking into an.open drawer. So absorbed was he that he did not seem to hear the girl's entrance. Wondering what kept him so stiU"she crossed the floor und looked over his shoulder. In a moment lie had crashed-io the diawcr in nervous haste, and turned and. faced her angrily. " How dare you steal on me like that ?" he cried. The girl shrank back alarmed at ills anger, especially for so slight a cause. She excused herself, and cxuluined that she had como for her note-boos, and having found it left, the room. But when she bad closed, the door she sank at the foot of the staircase, white and terrified. Ere the drawer shut she hud caught the glitter of diamonds— a mass of diamond* gleaming and >purkhnir under the lamp rays even as the ill-omened jewels on that fatal night. V • . Could they-be the same ? *' Had her mother been murdered, not for sake of robbery after all ? She remembered ono jewel—a star with an opal centre and five great points of light. I Surely it was thut same star she bud just jascn! . She rose and stumbled confusedly up the I stairs and went to her.own. bedroom., Her. ! mind.was. made up. She would open that drawer by fair means or foul—see if her sus- j picions were correct, and then—her thoughts I travelled no further. The goal of herl discovery was her limit.' >. > V ,. ■, Time passed on, and she heard doors closed and burred, and then her uncle's step passing to his room. Sho fancied he pursed before her door,'" but she had blown out- licr light, and after listening a moment he passed on. She shuddered as the last echo died uway. The horror of her .own suspicions was maddening. • ; She waited on and on. " It n-as past mid night. Then she took up her .candle, una softly opened her door. Darkness every where. Nothiug stiiring in the whole house but herself. / ' Softly and'swiftly she passed Dions'. .She reached the top of; the staircase. She laid' one'hand on'-the .balustrade, and beguii to descend.- : Suddenly :a,v. cold wind riistled by, seeming to chill lior very life with its freezing breath.- • She stopped, and there facing her in the'dark below was the white figure and lovely face of her mother.. Sho- caught the sheoa of sariu . from the-trailing gown. She saw her hand raised to her bare .white throat. Then liko a flush the form was gone, and 011 her carsighed a wuiliug voice. ."Don't "— it whispered, and all was dark and silent once again. •' . . . •' Maureen stood liko a figure; or stone, clinging passively to the balustrade, but in capable of speech or movement; . ■ . Should she'heed thV warning? Should she return- aud leave* suspicion unverified? Gradually the frozen blo.»d grew warmer, her heart ceased to throb so wildly. She told herself she had but fancied this scene, and moved slowly down the stairs once more. She entered the library. How cold and j dark aud gloomy it looked- Before her was the old escritoire, and on it stood two tall, silver, candlesticks. She lit them and then surveyed the drawers, aud marvelled how she was to open them without.keys. Her eyes, fell on the desk of the escritoire, sho tried it | and found it whs unlocked. She lifted tho lid, and saw lying iu a corner a quaint old key. Seizing it she tried with feverish fingers the drawer she had seen open. - It opened at once. Sho looked in. It wus empty. Thinking sho might have mistaken the drawer she tried auother, but the key would not turn the lock. Impatient and angered at her failure she returned to tho first one, and jerked it open so roughly that it catne out of i place altogether. Actuated by some :plicablo impulse 2* explicable impulse sbo £ looped and peered) into tho empty aperture. Lying far back sbe caugbt right of a foldod paper. • T~ 1 another moment it was in her hand. Tho writing was unkuown, but to her amazement she saw it was addressed to . her self as follows: "To be given to my daughter Maureen O'Fiin-.ill by my brother. Standish O'Earrall, at such period of her life as ho may deem best." • 1 She sank down on tho nearest chair and 1 begun to read. The letter was brief, but every word seemed to sear and blister her young heart with horror. , "I shall be iu my gravo when youroyc9 read tins confession," it ran. "Maureen, I murdered your mother. I , murdered her because I was mud with jealousy and sus picion ; because I. thought sho loved my brother ; beeanso I heartl her planning to leave me, and caught her in the act of giving him her diamonds, I thought it meant the pledge of guilt; only too late I learned that I had wronged both. I fled tho place in horror of my deed and of myself. He, mv- brother, kept thy secret. Sometimes I wisu ho hud not—that ho had given hie to the fate I deserved.. And you, Maureen—must I con fess it ?—you ore a murderer's child. You She read 110 more. With 0110 exceeding hitter cry she fell face forwards ou the floor, ! her forehead striking the ."harp corner of the table, and the blood streaming from the wound on to her white gown. Sj Sir Standish found .her, to liis unspeak able horror, when he entered the library next i morning. " I Ho had removed the diamonds, intending I to havo them re-set and given them to her on J her twentieth birthday. Alasthere was no twentieth birthday in store for poor Maureen. She lay in the "old churchyard beside her ill-fated mother long before that day had i dawned. Thero arc nearly 3,000 animals in the Royal Zoological Gardens. Ijcpunmzs ix the Blood.—"We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from tne use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot he too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from nil impurities." This is a good testi monial from tho "Family Doctor," which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light, and wo cau with the utmost confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally." For Scrofula, Scurvy, Lc2ema, Bad Leg?, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, iff" effects arc marvellous.' Thousands of won dcrful cures havo been effected by it. Clarke's Blood Mixture is sold everywhere, at 2s. 9d.' per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.*. 