RIVALS THREE. A CHRISTMAS TALE. I Wbitten FOB * TmJTH.11 Gleaming moonlight silver'd all tbe snow-bound earth that Christmas iiVe, As two sadden'd maids forth wandered in the silent night to grieve; They were only farmers' daughters — once those twain had been the pride Oi their parents, of the people, of the boys on .Devon side. They had passed their youth's meridian, and sow. were women growo, But their hearts had 'scaped unscathed, neither heart hqd formed a throne ; For a myotic pr»nceJy ruler, for that real tyran nic sway Of tbe human Jover, faithful, p'rapB a lifetime, p'raps a day. They wore thinking not of 4 Castles in the far off land of Spam/ Bnt of many a score to settle, many a cruel fiscal drain ; Of their mother, sick and eorry, of their dear old broken sire — When their thoughts were rudely Bhattored ty tie ringing sound©' 4 -'ir« 1' j I Goldenhpart and sturdy Stirling had been born on Pevon'a banks, . j Toddler* round about together, chums in all their childish pranke, | And t£e rip'aing years rolled gladly, bringing all tbe fires of youth, | Steadfast frjends. And nothing intervened to mar . their inborn truth ; i Till the jealous Love-god, searching in his quiver | for a dart, I Fouud ttfn-urrows which sent speeding truly | winged ea'.-h youthful heart. - ? 'Twas a passion strong, intensive, and the eamo | old story go?s Of the erstwhile friends, in rivalry oE love, tbe i fiercest foes, Of the village belle capricious, of how one re put* d clown In the lists of Love the favored, bore a way ,the victor's crown. i Once again, their friendship deepened by their ! unison of tirief, Leaving friends and homo behind them, in far ; trnve] sought relief. Heedless ail, they fought a passage; soon, with | spreading sails unfurled, Their good ship oleft a soa track to tho Austral . underworld, 1 Speeding on where stellar glories of tbe purer Southern light . i Draw the sting from hopes defeated, soften I sorrows of tbe night, j Where the golden sunburst tints tbe future with | its brilliant sheen, _ i Suffusing joys of living with a zest surpassing keen, _ i Spurring men to aims heroic, oonscious when their task is done That the hearts of freemen will approve the victory well won. Soon they reaobed tbe Sunny city, marvel of the j southern seas, j 'Where kind Nature worked its wonders in | supreme desire to pleise. There ther found a newer Britain— County men, and village friends. In the charm of new-found comradeship their grief as exiles ends. But they fled tbe joyous city where such subtle dangers lurk ; And they faced the bush and journeyed fn the ardent quest for work. Swift success attends the seekers, for the ever fav'ring Fates Soon rewarded the endeavors of the persevering mates; And tbey hired as modern shepherds, sans the ; pipes of long ago, ! Sanr the wreaths and shepherdess, and flaming hearts aglow. | They settled down to shepherding, and the dull routine of lite For a -season gave contentment through its pleasing lack of strife ; But the instinct io be moving sent them once more on the track, And they, roving, learned the xnyst'ries of the country far out baok ; Learned the normal language used by squatting kings and station wreck?, ' And tbey learned, but didn't use, the art of knocking down their cheques. Then they dritted to the diggings, tried their luck npon the fields. And while others mnttered *up»teen,' to their touch tho treasure yields. Thus they go, and whither going, sure suocess attends thuir toil, Till nigh thiriyyeerw pass'd o'er them since they left their native soil. Jn their wanderings and journeys, as the^ flit from place to place, One sweet guiding star shone brightly, an an ageiog maiden's face ; And it drew them on and onward, constant they unto their flame, But no thoughts were ever voiced of her, nor . snentioued was her name, ^ TJntil somehow, in the course of speech,' at close of one long day* The name of ' Home ' was mentioned in a casual kind of way ; Then the query, 6trange, was uttered—* To that home shall we draw nigh ?' And the other slowly answered, 4 'We should see . it ere we die.' On their plan they Boon deoided, and that week a home-bound ship Found them on its deck as passengers, upon their flying trip. So at length they found them, strangers, seated at their village inn, Silent, sad, unquestioning, dubious where they should begin. On the quest that after decades drew them to their native ehore, And the weather unpropitious did perplex them all the more ; They who'd spent their manhood's years in Austral sunshine, home again, Could not stand the icy snow- blast, and its namelesp, tingling pain; Eo their spirits sank to zero as the feathered ?flakes oame down, And tbe gloom of hearts unsated was denoted by a frown. Till the burden of divining what (he other vaguely thought, Fully strained the painful tension — 'twas relief when drinks were brought. From the gen'rous draughts of Burton a mellower feeling sprang, And their tongues, whon once unloosened, on the subject fairly rang. Goldenheart said, 'Look here, Stirling, 'tis now full many a year Oinee a boyish love and passion sent us mooning far from here; We have borne onr love unspoken; we have ' borne it true and Jong; It has been a myth that guided, 'twas a weakness kept us strong j ?Twas a worship of an idol without hope of recompense; 'Tires a dream of dreams the wildest, dearer for . Its lack of sense ; 'TWau a foolery that charmed us, for though berth tbe doctrine seeqis, The only life that's worth the Jiving Is the life we live in dreams.* Ancient Stirling made hltn answer 'laying, ' Mates we've been for long, And our faith each in the other has been stead fast true and strong, Bat I've thought, and thpnght it often, though my ihooghts I've ever h:d, ? That oar tonch of boyish passion was a freak, but worse we did Whon we left the field completely, ancl onr rival o'er us scored. That's the weakness, more than loving, that I've ever since deplored; And I've longed to hear you question, but no word ceoaped yonr lips ; I'd have told you how I keenly felt tbe sting of cur eclipse'; How we should have forced our rivalry, our suitor's rights defend, For we loved, and should have rivalled, till she gave the sign to end.' Calmly Goldenheart responded, 'We believed a , woman's vor. But tbe question thatoonfronts as is what oourse jpnet.we take now ?1 ' Calmer still, old Stirling answered, * We've been ; true to onr Ideals, Jo no rival will 1 render, to my myth no rival kneels 5?e're too old perhaps to woo her, but we're not too old to win. fie t our rivalry postponed long since fn earnest how begin, fc-ei the flaming blood of boyhood poise once more tha sluggish heart, Spurring us to act assertive, and to do the manly part, - t We must take tho field, and fighting, in that 1 only way decide Whoso the right to cherish thoughts of her while travelling far and wide.' Just a moment Goldy faltered, then he eaitf, 4 1 think you're right,' And for sake of love and principle, our dnty *isto fight, Let us tout into the country, to some lone secluded spot, And we'll interchange a friendly but a swift deciding shot. We have pistole 'mongstour luggage, oldJriends packed before we sailed, Frionds who've sUod us oft in goodly stead, whose mission never feiftd. Four we now a flowing fiagop, and for onoe the bumper drain In the loast to 1 Mem'ry of the times we'll never see again,' And success attend the winner, speed Ids love of 6teady growth, And su if t pa&B; to fields Elysian for the other one —or bt/tb,' Solemnly they drained the bumper, then a moment's pause they take, And the friendship ot a life time claimed a solemn last baud-shake. They procured tbeir favored weapons, saw them well aud truly primed, And then hastened from the village inn as if they both were timed. Thoy passed along the country road, end as quickly did they speed Ao if th j smile ot their old flame impelled them to the dted. Tfaup, they hastened in glum silence, not a word by either said, Till old Goldy pointod to some trees, his mate inc iced hie head. .There, thoy took their stand untutored, eave by mutual deiire, And they pointed pistols truly, and olii Goldy railed out * fire.' Called out ' fire.' the tone imperious rang Bhriily o'er tho land, Bntnoehor rang out responsive, scatheless all they both did stand. Then old Siirliug, fraught with passion, threw hi? weapon to the ground ; And his utttrod irritation scarcely kneweth i doceut bound. He venlcd him for a traitor who had mocknd at | friendship's tie, i As one whose show of loving had been one oon I tinoue lio, I As of one nor. worthy credence fn this world,. or ? W'.irid above, I As a coward who evaded fight in sacred cause of I lovo. | Goldenheart too deeply angered, briefly said, i * Well, if we must, [ Tako your stand, and this time, one or both, ; will euroly bite tho dust,' I Quickly they resumed their weapons, and again I tucy took the. r stand I Then old Goldenheart said, * Stirling, point that pis:ot in your baud, I And I'll give tlie signal when to fire, by count, ing one, two, three.' * Bight,* said St irling, * I am ready.' Some voice cried, ' It must not bo/ And two dark robed female figures on the moon lit roadway loom, Aud swift approach the angered friends who courted mutual doom. Night's mild brilliance oast its halo on the girls who rose like fate, And the men with deep emotion in strange con- j cert murmured * Kate,' And old Goldenheart cried, 1 Stirling, 'tis tho 1 ghost of ftrmer years/ And the hardnned sinners softened, and dissolved j in childish tear*. The girls clasped each the other in deep amaze | ment, and they then i In mute wonder scanned the sobbing of those | strangely vicious men, Till old Qfideaheart said, * Lassies, '(was a i passing freak, no more, 1 1 And oar asger, just a stormy gust from other , ; days, is o'er.' I Then he dropped the question deftly, drew the speech to local scenes, j And of lobal men and women latest information 1 gleaos. | Butthe wonder of all wonders, when at length he i sought to know j Of the welfare of the man he deemed his old time honored foe, He discovered that tbe girls who'd lately baulked their fatal fire, Called I hat by-gone love their mother, called that old time foe their sire. Mute the comrades stood bewildered by euch passing strange event, For it seemed to them tbe maidens had beeu there by Heaven seat ; Then, with questions of home import, the two comrades fairiy hum, But from tbe girls, discreetly, no replies in answer como. Then old Goldenheart laughed gaily, noting how their tonsues had sped, Bat be quietened down as quickly and unto them calmly eaid : — * Tell me, have you heard your parents speak of lade once in this part, Of one the dashing Stirling, his friend the grace less Goldenheart.' 1 Ob, yes,' the maidens answered, *but they went no one kuew where,' And old Goldenheart, delighted cried, ' Well, we're that roving pair.' ♦Yes,' said be, resuming, 'long from here we roved In distant climes, Go we now, and claim a welcome, from our friend? of olden tim-.f.' And the girls, delighted, answered, 'cordial welcome you'll receive, You shall have it now, as ever, but the more this Christmas Eve.' Then the thoughtful Stirling mentioned, as the journey they commence, 4 We must touoh the village passing, for we go not empty thence,' Goldenheart cried * bravo Stirling/ but the girls objected 'Nay/ But the men were glad inslstant, and would surely have their way, And they did, and heavy laden, with the goodly Christmas oheer, Passed the way in pleaeent banter till the home tbey drew a-near. JSnt'ring first, the aged psople questioned not, nor one word said, So tbe girls heaped ou the fuel till the fire was blazing red. Then fair EHcn spake out, 'father/ and the rogue-light filled her eyes, 'Mother, see how lucky 1 have been to capture euch a prize. You have heard of fairy prinoes and of fairy kings and queens, But I've caught a foolish mortal just returned from fairy scenes.' Then she laughed, and gaily clapping, cried out, 'entor, Santa Ciaus/ Ne'er more sheepish Santa entered to beguile a child's applause. And then Em'ly, with like magio Bound, her csptire forth igid bring. Gaily saying : M have also Daddy Christmas on a string.' , Then the girle stood, strung intensely, while their parents vaguely stared. And the two old mates stood silent, and the in decision shared. And again Nell cried out, ' Gracious, can it be that you don't know Those two friends but newly risen from the shades of long ago. They are friends of youthful days when your good fortune cealed their fate, For tbey count a blank in livingfrom one strange eventful date.' Recognition . promptly followed, locked hands told bow all rejoiced, But the girls saw each an omen, and mild super stition voioed, ? Hands are crossed, a marriage certain;' laugh ingly the room then flsd, ? And their joy and sorrow battled till relieving tears were shed* More composed, Ihe room they entered, and un heeded quietly sat, While tbe four old tongues went wagging, four old hearts went pit-a-pat. For tbey lived again their childhood in the gloam that Christmas e'en. They were 'village lads and rivals, she once more the village queen. Then a pause of indecision ; the old couple took the thread, And in homely language told the tale of how they both had sped * How the' world had been a love-song in their early married life \ How the later years bronght troubles, brought them endless care and strife; How they faced the world and battled, each to eaoh the other true, Though the guerdon of true living seemed ts ceding from their view. Then old Goldenheart responded with the tale of how they fared, And the list'mng girls, quite eager, for eome wondrous tales prepared ; ' B at the romance of their life time whieh to other hearts appealed On the lips of those two comrades was a secret closely eealed. - So he told a eimple story of how fortune on them smiled ; How tbey travelled through Australia, through its bush and forest wild ; How they toiled with strong endeavora aimless though their toil had been ; H qw they moved from place to plaoes, purpose less their change of scene ; How they prospected, and lucky, how tbey struck tbe shining gold, And the round of gath'ring fortune .was the tale he quickly told. Then a strange sad silence followed, Goldenheart the room surveyed, Saw die bough in centre hanging, saw the smile upon each maid. 'Often in our swelt'ring Christmas, I have thought of Christmas here, Of the merry Christmas danoing, and the ploasufoa frtill more dear, And I'd give the world, and willing, just to trip it lightiy once. Come/ and Stirling and tbe lasses rose in practi cal response. The mild hilarious dancing set their ancient hearts aglow, And old Goldeubeart manouvered 'neath the hanging mistletoe, A^d with perfect grace and dignity saluted his fair dftiue, Poor old Stiri'tap, though at heart abashed, yet bravely did the same. Thus, with peals of merry laughter, blusbingly they closttd tbe round, As upon tho eiieut air rang forth the ever tender sound Oi the visage church bell telling midnight'send, mystic lirih Of another day new granted to tho erring eons of eartb. With surprise thoy found how rapidly the time had from them flown, For 'twas long since such contentment in a nfghi each one hid kuown. Then the cooirndos eaid regretfully tbeir visit tbero must fcnd. But soon thev hoped together another pleasant evu o pp'nd. They re'ubud an bumble lodging, but to please theoi all nr least. They accepted iuvitalion to the midday Christ mas feast. So they parted with elation of tho merry meeting horn. But sleepless lids kept open watch till-well on in the morn, For memory to the past ieverting called in view life's stormR And lights and shades were mirrored in their over varyiuR forms For fiekie fortune em-!ed and frowned alternate through tbe piece. Then fancy hold (he thread of thought, and \- played it« btuingo caprice, For if showed ihe future looming in a thousand different ways, And minds were tangled in the maze of pa6t and future days, 1 Till the weary uyes no longer could their dazzled vigil keep, And o'er them nil was c&et; the spell of calm and peaceful sleep. D. HEALEY. 