Juterary Gossip. [By JUSTINE.] . The Christmas numbers of the Pall Mall and Windsor magazines, forwarded by Gordon and Gotcb, are more than usually interesting both as regards reading matter and illustrations, talent of a high order having been brought into requisition in both instances. The Pall Hall magazine contains the opening chapters of. an exciting story by Anthony Hope, which will be of vivid interest to those who have read his " Prisoner .pf Zenda," or witnessed the dramatization from that sensational story, as "Rupert of Heatzan," is a sequel to the former, and is anticipated that the apparently sad finale of the " Prisoner of Zenda " inay have the mists cleared away, while the sunshine of a happy ending beams forth. Frederick Whyte discourses on the beauties and traditions of Belvoir Castle, his paper being finely illustrated from photographs taken by him when on a visit to this famous place. There is a smart little West African story of Ivory Transfer byC. J. CutlifFHync, and a pathetic story of ranch life in California, under the title of "Gloriana," from the pen of Horace A. Vatcbley. "The Black Knight of Adlcrsdoff" is of the style usual to legends of the Black Forest or the Rhine, and is well told by H. M. Langlands; while the children are remembered by E. P. Larkiu, who writes of "The Sea Prince "in a way to delight youthful readers, and Betty Rae adds a note of dolour in her little story of " The Wreck." The number contains poems of considerable merit, and a prettily colored series of illustrations dealing with the Queen city—Constantinople. The Windsor is the biggest number yet issued, and is written up in a manner specially appropriate to Xmas, and with it is given to purchasers a capital novel by Grant Allen, entitled "The Scally-wag." There is always a creepy sort of facination about stories dealing with the interior life of Russia, and Max Pemberton's story, " Kroustudt," just commenced in the Windsor Magazine, is likely to prove intensely interesting, if the opening chapters are to be taken as a criterion of what is to foU The lustrations in connection with by gcott Rankin, and w Cubilf t (* oke /aud these considerably — « « - ^ „, *„*„ .*",,. V .. " Masters of Empire is of local interest, as the papers deals with the visit of the Australian Premiers to England It is from the pen of Fred. A. McKenzie, and' the article, whieh is written in a chatty style, is illustrated with photographs of the Premiers, singly, and in group. W. W. Jacobs, author of " Many Cargoes," has .a ghoststory of a creeping kind, under the title of "Jerry Bundler, the illustrations being sufficient to indicate the hair-raiBing incidents of the tale. Edith Rutter gives a pretty poem, '* In the Castle Hall, which is as prettily illustrated by Bertha Newcombe. "A Tale of Two Treasures " is a romantic story, cleverly written by William Westall. There is an interesting- gossip * about the Blank and White artists; by Arthur H. Girdlestone, and a chatty and . useful paper on "Our Xmas Puddings,'? also minor sketches and poems. Then the number contains a weird sketch from the pen of L. F. Austin, entitled "The Ghost's Double," and one of Sydney's favorite story writers, Ethel Turner) haB. a graphic sketch ofohildlife under the name of "The Child of the Children." "The Love Adventures of Primrose Ward" by L. F. Meftde, is a femiuinely thought .out' little rpfaahce, obd " The Joyous Comrade " is full of the' nerve and strength of the author, L. Zangwill, Wtywg the reaforqAong .with a rush and a " Bwirl as a flobrled strewn'ciai-rjes a straw. "The Conversion of iVghie," by Alfred Siadf, ;is srarth reading, just to learn Bow tgnorani Mr. Blade iB of the subject upon which he hangs hie yarn. He writes of a ' ring shed O 'ttjay ^j&h; upe &ny; station hand or shearer, to shed HA >M<ok' mot) and the tice* Vto#n enmk ringer" iB too fuhuy for anything .{tea the '*••!•>"<»•" n«»>ni> lunchjthequraws IJPMlCⅈ sleepin bls own bunk, wnUe o 90.. miles to a township to buy two hams and a number of eggs fpr high tea at the&hed.; He does the double journey, of twenty, miles, carries home the eatables, cooks them, and then wakes up the curate, who eats a good meal and holdB service as if nothing had happened, out of the ordinary. The "Scallywag" is a brightly written story', which presents incideuts in the lives of a number of people, the chief amongst which, and the hero of the romance, is the "Scallywag," Paul Gascoigne, an Oxford man of limited means and cultured tastes, who suffers the stings and privations of poverty for many years, until fortune turns the wheel, and brings him a sweet little wife, and afterwards an ample fortune, so that a real happy ending is the reward of the reader wno will peruse the story. " Good Mrs. Hypocrite " is a study of th« hard side of Scotch character, the side iu whieh meanness and religion are so inextricably mixed that it is difficult to realize that there is any kindly feeling or sympathy in the steel cased heart at all, and it is only the direst trouble, pain, and suffering which brings out, when too late, some redeeming features. About, millionaires who as a rule are.uoto riouslymein and grasping, a writer in an English magazine recently said:—Under existing economic conditions I hold it to be impossible for an honest man to amass a million sterling within the space of a year or two. In other words, tile';rapid acquisition of such a fortune as will yield, an income of £30,000 or £36,000 per : anbtiin is inconsistent with the highest code^f integ-. rity. Without going into details which concern the moralist rather than the anecdotist, which last is all I claim to be, the only oonditionB under which a great fortune can be rapidly acquired include a bad heart as well as a good digestion add a clear head. To trample on others, and ruthlessly beat down the Satan of rivalry under their feet, is a necessity for would-be millionaires. Preliminary cruelty paves the' way tp subsequent philanthropy. Hence it arises that, when the quickly-made million has been safely invested, the hunting instinct common to the white and colored races, to the starveling curate and the obese plutocrat, displays itself in the millionaire in a succession of little meannesses, generally undetected, which show the wizened smallness of the man's soul. An example of a millionaire's meanness, which came under my notice from the fact of my relationship with the private secretary pf one of the wealthiest men in the world, is as follows:—The millionaire in question had made. his fortune by transactions which, if conducted on a, smaller ecale, would have been more likely to land him in the Old Bailey than in Park Lane. However, the transactions in question were successful. The British public were royally fleeced, and the highest in the land were sumptuously entertained oh the proceeds. Habits of mouey-inaking thus formed revealed themselves in an interesting way in the relations between the millionaire and his secretary. A cash account was kept by the latter, in which the disbursements made on behalf of his employer were duly recorded. This account was settled every week, and the items were always subjected to a rasping criticism by the man of many millions. On one occasion a sum of two shillings and a few pence was disallowed by. the millionaire, although he himself received the benefit of the disbursement. It was a cab fare, Afraid of losing his appointment the private secretary himself paid the amount, but a little later laid a (rap into which, his-master promptly fell, and shortly after convicted himself of deliberately cheating his secretary of half a sovereign in the petty cash account. The millionaire chuckled and crowed for a few days with the pleasure of the notion of swindling his smart secretary out of 10s., and when restitution was invited at the aext weekly audit, the latter was promptly dismissed by the millionaire on the ground that if he allowed himself to be overreached, he was not sharp enough to protect the interests of his patron. Whereupon the secretary explained the little plot, which, so far from shaming the millionaire, induced him to cancel the dismissal on the spot. Dives dislikes a dull employee, The ethical code of the modern millionaire gives prominence to one article of faith. It iB, " Thou Bhalt not be found out." 