Prize Competitions. (The-Results will ;Appear Next '"Week.) Wildflower. (By Eileen Clinch.) CHAPTER IX. Lance awoke early the next morning. He went at once to his uncle's side. He appeared to be still sleeping, but looking closer, he was disturbed by the grey, stony look on the face. Bending over, Lance touched the hands; they were rigid. Then it came upon him that his uncle was dead. With a terrified cry, the boy sprang back, turned, and fled out of the hut. He had never seen death before, and childish fears of.: ghosts, returning spirits, and haunted houses filled his mind,: arid ? he dreaded to enter the hut. After some time had passed Lance began to feel ashamed of his fears, and he thought of tho dead.only as his poor old uncle, whorn he had learrit to love. He rose and returned to-the hut, sat down beside the quiet form, feeling sad and . alone. He went out, .and dug; the.grave under a Casuarina, wrap ped the body of his .uncle in the blanket, and car ried; it-not without : some difficulty-to the grave, laidvit in; then he remembered "with dismay that a burial service is read over"..the. dead. "I can't bury uncle ;Frank, like an ariiriaa],'' the boy said, half aloud; ' Then he knelt down, and said the only hymn he knew, perfectly; . , "There ls'-a- happy land far, far away.''1;/^; He filled . in the grave . quickly, for the ??' shadows were-beginnirig to'take strange shapes among the trees, . and mysteilous sounds, voices, and echoes awoke again Lance's fancies.. A few days later Lance dug up the. gold his uncle had left him. He found it iri.a strong tiri box. ., Ono. evening he sat on à stump listening to the laugh of the jack ass, and far above his head the vesper song of the magpie. He whistled gaily to himself, watching ; the while the peculiar yellow light flooding the .bush around him. The ^sun was settirig,.;;ahd he. could see, its vivid colors rolling ' up over:-the skyv He dreamed on, . seeing the glowing - colors fading away one by one. ; -S\id denly there was heard the ; rumble of wheels on the bard .ground; and' the -tramp of horses' feet, and a shout of . exultation. ; Lance, so long used . to tbeTcries bf :the;wild- birds, raised his head in wonder,;-and : listened; The rotees bf men, the tramp of tho horses' : feet ; came nearer, ; and à nuniber . of - mounted bläck- troopers .galloped through-,tho.bush.: . . -: ¡.L ,.-"'?'.'? .'-My ,word!.'! He Vhéái'd'.'thé 'common expres ; slon;-óf vthe black->trackë"r.^ a. panorama before hifn. But he saw his father and Dave galloping up the ; incline towards him. Lancei appeared as'a sprite of the woods, and very picturesque he looked, with his colored turban and long, waving hair. His father drew rein before him, sprang from the saddle, and clasped his little lost boy in a warm, ardent embrace; while his eyes shone with. suspicious moisture. Lance had a dim vision of seeing Dave throwing his hat up in the air, and he and Jack shouting something to him. Then the dark faces of the troopers grew confused, the trees and horses be came mixed up together, and Lance fainted away. . When he recovered consciousness he found him self lying on rugs in the open air, a bright wood fire burned some way off, and there was" a savoury odor of roasting meat. Jimmy, the black track er, came to his side with a hot steak on a tin plate. Mr. Hunt took it from him, and raising Lance, fed him with small pieces of the food, and'gave him a drink of hot, sweet coffee. The boy felt stronger at once. In the reddish glow cast around by the camp fire Lance could see the dusky countenances of the troopers. as they made merry over their meal. While behind them loomed up the-big waggon,- which carried the provisions,, arid.-its':yoke- ol\\-oxen feeding on thermatted herbage; ./ far: their's 'af m, Varid igaveuth'em jan ; outlinë of his ad ventures- sirice'-he -lèf t '.Wildflower ? on that me morable;-, evènfa reáliris of ¿romance ed^by.tho black trackers'. "My word!" :.: Lance stopped ¿ however, .: when«rh e ; came to : that ; part ot hIs".£tqry.Avhere he « reached - his. uncle's hui, and said '.' hev would:. tell the if est ' to-morrow.;'; r Dave . and.rJáck both clasped . hiö. -hand as X they bade him "good night;" r and , his;' father kissed him affectionately;;. : Mr.v ; Hunt . never . knew how he loved-his peculiar ^little boy-till he was lost, and they-were expecting to . Arid his hones bleaching in the' bush.". Next morning, asl the ! packing was going-on> Lance told his father and. the two boys the . remainder of his story,., and . it seemed moat.;iriofedible to Mr. Hunt,..he- could scarcely take'it. in. But when he read- his brother's/letter, and>Laiice pointed to the-.hùt and grave,> as-silent .witnesses, he, accepted it, as reality.. For half an hour Mr. Hunt stood beside his .brother's grave in silent thought. Later he vpacked . the - gold, Lance's inheritance, in-,the ? waggon,;.iread- the let ter over several times,, arid ^looked through the drawing-book, saw the clever sketches, and. blam ed himself for being so blind, regarding Lance. He looked long at the sketch of (his brother's head. Changed os he was, he knew him again. Dave said a few quiet words in his hearty, friend ly way, and [Lance banished every particle o'f ill will towards Pave from his heart. That day saw Lance in the<waggon rolling over tho plains homie wards. lAlfter three 'weeks had passed they be gan to" recognise 'familiar landmarks. -And at last, one day, they lumbered across the home pad dock of Wildflower. Then, unable, to contain him self, 'Lance sprang out of the waggon and sped away towards the house. Olive , and Josey stood under the clematis-covered ' verandah. They could hear the martial tramp of the troopers' horses, and the shouts of Dave, Jack, and Jimmy as they galloped into view, and the waggon lu'm hered 'behind. Josey, with an anxious, wistful look in her pale face, ran down the stops, and saw nothing save that graceful-figure dashing over the ground towards ¡her with such lightning sipeed. She flew across the yard, and, with cries of "Lmco!" and "Jo!" brother and sister sprang into each other's arms. .Olive and Jill each received a warm greeting from Lance; but it was Josey who hung upon him, Josey who. led him to the tea-table. At tea, as the house party sat around the table, Lance kept 'wondering "why the stepmother did not- ap pear. His .wonder deepened- 'when* he saw Olive take her olid placo at the table, and saw Mother ? Meg lead the. way: to à great empty shed, where . tea was spread for the troopers. At last he said, looking up to his father: : . : í í'Isn't-our-our stepmother coming to tea?" "Lance," his father returned, aiftér a slight, and for Dave awkward, pause, "you are laboring un der a great delusion. You have no stepmother, and never will have. Dave, in a 'moment of thoughtless folly, made you believe something of the kind. Now, the story "had no foundation what ever. "Forget it at once, my boy." Lance almost shouted aloud in his joy. Dave looked rather sheepish, but only for a minute. His blue eyes sparkled with fun at Lance's looking, around for his mythical stepmother. Dave had confessed to his father how he had, in a mischiev ous mood, made u,p the story about a stepmother to tease Lance. Mr. Hunt was too anxious about Lance to think orn'uch ahout Dave; ibut as time ?passed, away and brought no Lance, he pitied poor Dave's distress. lAifter Lance asked his ita th er to cut off his hair, and.;Josey treasured the silky locks privately, thinking, "What a shame!" Next day he and Josey wandered about Wildflower, wild with spirits^ and unchecked by anyone, Olive in cluded. \- (To Ibo concluded.) 