LITERARY NOTES [From our Special Correspondent.] London, June 3, 1898. There is a surprising lack of humor in Eng-<*> lish literature, and what little there is is mostly American. Certainly competent critics have pronounced Mr. [?] "The Londoners the funniest book written since: "Three Men in a Boat," but I must confess I found its fooling rather boisterous and tire some. The batch of funny books that it has been my lot to read this week has taken its' humor—such as it is—from the Rood old stock j sources, out of which—to use the expression of i one author—the writer "wrings" his jokes and the simple-minded reader "wrings" another laugh. "Three Men in a Boat" was responsible tor a lot, including " Bates and His Bicycle" (James Bowden), by Fred. Whishaw, ana "Side Slips" (Pearson), by K. Andoro. -In these bicycle books we have the same three men, uproariously mirth ful over each other's misfortunes, the same accumulation of superfluous luggage, the baaie übiquitous and iniquitous dog, tUe same Strugs with a camera plus a good deal of obvious pumped-up jesting over the efforts ot beginners in learning to "bike" and tlieir collisions with carts, boys, fences, shops, aud pedestrians of all descriptions. The commo tion caused by the penetrating odor of a dead duck in Bates's adventures, by Bates's Hinging of his own sliirt into the rivet, and Bates's top note at a parochial concert seem sadly familiar in the realms of humor. "Side Slips" contains some good advice and some horrible ghost tales, but neither book is in we cam? street a* fl. G. Wells's clever Wheels of Chance," which to my mind is the best cycle story yeP written. On much the same plane as "Side Klips"and "Jiatesand his Bicycle" is the "Chronicles of Mr. Potters by (Bowden) by Jay Hickory Wood, the author of "The Cricket Club of Bed-Xoao flat.' Mr. Pottersby is a simpleton who keeps a diary iii which he records, somewhat minutely the doings of himself and" family, his experiences on a jury, hit* adventures in moving, his troubles with his gas, the bfe insurance canvassers, the day gardener, the plumber (good oid plumber, as indis pensable to fiction as the mother-in-law to drama). He too learns to cycle in the ap proved fashion and he too keeps a dog, "a large curly dog, in color it was a shade ot pale yellow. It had sharp ears, a long curly taii, and black spots. it also bad red eyes." Young Pottersby, who described the animal and asked information as to its breed from the ■"Canine World," received the following leply—"Pottersby, wo strongly recommend you to become a total abstainer." 1 think that dog is fairly entitled to a. rest. ScheSol gave us a most amusing cat, Biddigeigei in his "Trumpeter of Sakkingen." Could not English humorists let the cat inewfor a while, the dog has had his day. "Her Ladyship's Elephant," by David Dwight Wells (Heincmann) is a genuinely funny book, depending for its fun upon the absurd situations'in which a pair of newly married couples find themselves.' The reader must begin the book with a clear head and even then co confusing is the farcical tangle of complications that his brain becomes dizzy before he 'is half-way through. An American husbaud marries an Knplish wife and an English husband marries an American wife. In each case the American arranges the desti nation of the honeymoon trip and keeps it secret from the English partner. Both couples start for their honeymoon by the same: train, one in the forward part bound for Exeter, the other in the rear half bound for Bournemouth. At Bassingstoke the bride grooms meet, and each seizes the opportunity of a chat with the other's wife. At this mo ment the two parts of the train are separated, and each wife finds herself with the other's husband as her-companion, and ignorant of her own husband's destination. This is only the commencement of a series of ridiculous misadventures, in the course of which the two couples are always at cross purposes. A scape grace brother and a pledged elephant mate confusion worse confounded, and the reader emerges at tlje conclusion with a sigh of relief, as from a maze. The chapter headings are amusine, and the dialogue smart and unforced. Mr. Weils is a eon of the Hon. Dai vid A. Wells, the political economist, and certain experiences of his while a member of the American em bassy in London are said to have suggested the story to him. One ie kept in a simmer of laughter by Mrs. Everard Cote's (Sara Jeannette Duncan) " Voyage of Consolation" (Methuen & Co.). Mamie, a typical young American girl, who has quarrelled with her lover, sets out with "'Poppa" and "Momma" for a voyage of con solation in .Europe. They keep to the beaten track of tourists, but so fresh and sprightly are Miss Mamie's comments, and so dry and shrewd is "Poppa's" way ot viewing things, and bo well diawn are her various fellow-travellers, that every page raises a smile, aud many a laugh. Mark Twain at his best wonla hivetio cause to be ashamed of this Tramp Abroad. Telephones Mr. Wick, when he hearsof Mamie's "bad break"—"Hello! On to roe? All right. Go abroad. Always done. Paris, Venice, Florence, Borne, and other places, ril stand in. Germanic sails Wednesdays. Start by night train to - morrow. Bring Momma. We can get Germanic in good shape and ten minutes to spare. Kight ?" He goes to the London tailor for clothes, and when be hears the Prince has bis coat trimmed with braid " No" he said, " I don't think that's reason enough for me. We're both men in public positions, but Fre got noshine in common with Wales. I'll have a plain hem." His daughter thinks that he "let himself out somewhat unnecessarily at the expense of the British nation." "We are always twisting a tail," I said re proachfully, "tjiatdoes nothing .but wag at us." This Poppa reluctantly admitted witb the usual reference to the Irish vote. We both hoped sincerely that any English friends who saw that speech, aud paused to realise that the orator was a, parent of mine, would con sider the number of Irish resident in Illinois, and the amount of invective which their feelings require. Poppa doesn't really know sometimes whether lie is faimseif or a shil- Jelagh.y; Branriej'sidvicetb Poppa is equally amusing."See the unique,4 * he said, and Mr. Wick considered that therefore "the things to see in London are the Crystal Palace and the Albert Memorial; especially the Albert Memorial. ' That' was a man who played second fiddle to his wife and enjoyed it all bis life long, and there he sits in Hyde- Park to-day, I under stand, still receiving the respectful homage of the nation—the only case on record." Another thing that Bromley said was "Re member the Unattainable Elsewhere—and <*et it. You're likely to be in London. Now the Unattainable Elsewhere for that town, is gentlemen's suitings." It is bard to leave off quoting instances of the spontaneous vivacious gaiety of this dainty trifle, which should be missed by no one who desires an flbur of sun shine in this work-a-day world. After the manufactured humor oi the English comic books it is a pleasure to turn to Mrs. Kate Douglas Wiggin's "Pene lope's Experiences in Scotland" (Gay & Bird), a delightful little idyll, in which wit and pathos are felicitously blended. Three Ameri can girls, Penelope, Salemina. and Fran cesca, knowing the worst there is to know about each other form a triangular alliance, and visit first "JSdina, Scotia's darling seat," and then Pettybaw, a charm ingly romantic village. They show such an appreciation o£ Scottish history and Scottish ways, combined with such bright out spoken but good-natured American criticism, that even the most patriotic Scot cannot but be amused by the lively happy portraiture of bis capital and compatriots. Admirers of "A Cathedral Courtship" willfindarenewal of the love episode between Penelope and Willie Beresford, but the real heroes of the romance in Scotland are Francesca de Buren Monroe and a Scottish minister, who after exchanging the most animated and amusing repartee on the subject of their respective countries, and agreeing that "every international mar riage involves two national suicides," contract one of those dangerous international alliances. The American girl's imitation of Scottish poetry aud the Scottish letter are exquisitely funny, and Mrs. McCollop,, Calamity Jane, Susanna Crum, with her invariable " I could'na say," are made to live with a few brilliant strokes. With the dainty love story is most cunningly untwined Scottish history pageantry, and poetry, and the whole is lit up by a joy of life that makes Penelope's ex periences a welcome.relief to the prevalent grey introspective novel. A capital "treasure" story of the brave times when lords gambled away ttieir wives and mistresses, when highwaymen, if success ful, swaggered through tlie country, or. if un successful, dangled on gibbets, is Mr. Bernard Cape's "The Lake of Wine." The lake is a stone of the first water, worth £70,000, which.' a iamous highwayman had purloined from a' county magnate. The highwayman was niur-I dered by his confederates, but they failed > to find the precious stove, which was; believed to lie hidden in a decayed aud haunted old uouse, Delsrop (short for Devil's Kope). This housb became the' property of Sir Robert Linne undc-r circum-! stances which the reader must discover for bitn. I self, and no sooner was he uncomfortably in-1 stalled than the search for the jewel began, in-' volviiig desperate b>htdng with a bloodthirsty! gang of desperadoes and some very pretty' iovemaking with a fragrant country gjri. The j hiding place of the stone is cunningly devised bat the grinning skull that decorated the cover ' {gives the author's caution away. i Half-a-dozen weli-oolisbed sketches are con-! tamed in the volume entitled " The Heart of' Miranda," which Mr. John Lane has just' published for Mr. Marriott Watson. " The : Heart of Miranda" is a dainty conceit wherein a fair young maid going out into the world in springtide encounters and puts suc cessively to rout the popinjay, the fool with • lii's bells, the philosopher, the man of senti- ■ ment, and the youth of lack-lustre virtue, but j finally .cuccomhs to "a.man with a soul and] body "fashioned for manhood." "The Dead) Wall" is" a study of suicide caused by an) extravagant and' unsympathetic cafe, "En I Route" describes the last moments of a thief, i v/ho is visited by bis mistress on the eve of his ' escape from England and arrested by a detec ! the. This sketch closes with 'a suicide and a ■ murder. In "Zoraka" Mr. Watson reverts to 1 bis old trick of binding together the bodies of a woman and her lover, only in this case the lover is dead and is thrown with jthe faithless wife into the Bosphorua. The latter is rescued !in au impossible manner by an Knglisuman, j who for curiosity had followed the lover and I fouud himself seized and bound and submitted to a sort of Solomon's judgment in order that the enraged husbandmightdiscoverwhichof the two was the real low. "The Stone Chamber" is an eerie gfao3t 6tory, "A Resurrection," a vignette of tbe tragedy caused by tbe resusci tation of a man's love for his dead first wife and bis acknowledgment of it in. the presence of his second. So statute of limitations can bar tbe debt of love is itR moral. These "Win^sr Tales" or "Disjected Pieces," as the author calls them in his dedication to Mr. Henry James, are slight, but written with that finished style and instinctive use of the right word of which Sir. Watson is such a master. " Pendennis" is the second volume of Smith, Elder, & Co.'s biographical edition of Thackeray, and in it Mia. iiitcbie continues her highly interesting but somewhat dis jointed biographical notes of her father and of tbe circumstances in which the novel was written. It is, of course, impossible to make each bosk, as it were, one chapter of its anthor's life, and it is to be hoped that Mrv JJitcljie will eventually rearrange all her material in a continuous and succinct bio graphy. Conjecturing that "come of the early chapters of 'PendenraV must have been written within the first quarter of the century" Airs. Ritchie tells of Thackeray's unhappy school life at Charterhouse, the Dr. Ru£seU of which was dearly the original of the pomuous master in Fendennis. In a letter Thackeray says, "There are but 370 in the school. I wish there were only 3fi9." Thackeray's life was happier at Cambridge, where "his re lations to Edward Fitzgerald bad perharo some resemblance to those of Pendennis and Warrington." An undergraduate's letter describes his debut at the union:—"l have made a fool of myself, I have rendered my self a public character, I have exposed myself. I spouted at the union. I don't know what evil star reigns to-day, or what malignant demon coulo prompt me to such an act of folly, but, however, up I got and blustered and blundered and stuttered upon the character of Napoleon. I got np and stuck in the midst of the first footstep, and then in endeavoring to extricate myself from my dilemma I went deeper and deeper still, till at last, with one desperate sentence, to wit, 'that Ivapoleon as a captain, a law-giver, and a king, merited and received the esteem and gratitude of France,'l rushed out of tbe quagmire into which I had so foolishly plunged myself and stood down, like Lucifer, never to rise again with open mouth hi that august assembly."" Mrs. Ritchie concludes Tier introductions with a reference to the death of Helen Pendennis: —"T can remember the morning Helen died. My father was in bis Btudy in Young-street^ sitting at tbe table at which he wrote. It stood in the middle of tbe room and he used to sit facing tbe door. ~ I was gome into the room, but he motioned meaway. Anhourafterwardshccame into our schoolroom half laughing and half asbamed and fcaid to us: 'I do not know what James *can have thought of me when he came in with the tax-gatherer just after you leftand fouud me blubbering over Helen Pendenni&'s death.'" Mr. Murray has published another volume of the new Byron, edited by Me B. E. Prothero, who has charge of die prose, Mr. Ernest Coleridge being responsible for-the poetry only. It contains the poet's letters and journals from 1798 to 1811, and comprises 168 letters, nearly one-half of which nave not ap peared injury previous edition of Byron. The editor—who, by the way, although he has recourse to the correspondence pos sessed by Dord Lovelace, -and. to many, other unpublished manuscripts which were sot at Mr. Henley's disposal in'editing Mr. Heinemann's edition, regrets that tbe work could not bave been dons by Mr .Henley— rightly says that the letters "give the iroest portrait of the man," and "possess at their best in the ease, freshness, and racy vigor a very high literary value." The letters, which are written mainly to Byron's half-sister, his lawyer, and very intimate friends, throw much light on his school life.', the Chawdrfb love affair, his relations to his mother," and his passionate temper. ' " Three novels of war on which opinions are sure to differ, but each of which will have its admirers,- are Mr. Altscheler's "A Soldier of Manhattan/ Mr. Robert Chambers's "Lor raine,1' and Captain Charles King's "Tie General's Double." The first is the account by an officer of the British American. army -of t£e fight between England and Jfranee for Canada, the eeqondV a romance bt the "JSranco- Uerman war," with an abundance of fighting and some strong1 situations, the last a manly tale of the American Civil War with stirring pictures of Stuart's cavalry, raid into Penn sylvania and the battle of Gettysbnrg. The colonial visitor who thinks London naught but a great city of fcncWs and smoke should read Jdr. W. H. Hudson's charming book on "Birds in London" to appreciate what a Held exists for she observant naturalist even w the heart of tKepn>at metropolis. The book is written with grace and humor, and contains several amusing and pretty anecdotes. Mr. Robert B. Douglas's life of "Sophie Arnould," the French ilell Gwyune, actress, demi-mondainc, and wit, isdecidedlypiquante, dealing as tbe bulk of it does, with her rapid rise on the stage and her fast life off it, her succession of lovers, aad her decline and death in poverty. She bad a caustic, witty tongue, and many of her best jests cannot be adapted .for JSnsrush audiences, but the follow ing are fair samples of ' her style. Of a scandalous police reporter said to have bean poisoned ' site said, "He must have sucked his own pen.9' To a friend who said it was terrible to be so near one's fortieth birth day she remarked, "Take courage, my dear, and be consoled with the reflection that every day takes you further away from it" When a court lady of indifferent character complained of the high prices fetched by the demi-inon daine's furniture, Sophie retorted crushinglv, "Yet you would not mind spring cost price, I suppose.*' When someone, referring to a Mdlle. Beauraenard, who after a fast lite with a number of lovers, when her cliarms had faded, married and lived a tojerably regular life, said that in her early career she was a like a weathercock, veering round to a fresh weathercock every day. Sophie chipped in with "Very like a weathercock in this also, that she did not become fixed till she was rusty." Very naughty but very nice was Sophie. Mrs. C. I«. Williamson's "Woman in Grey" is reminiscent of Wilkie CoUiue'b "Woman in White, "and quite as ingenious and sensational. The woman in grey is wrongfully convicted of murder, imprisoned for life, escapes, andunderthetreatmentof a physiogno mist in Paris has her face remodelled, and starts out into the world again unrecognisable to hunt down the real assassin. Murder and mystery, villainy and virtue, passion and poison aro rampant on every page. The properties include a haunted house with secret passages, and a. buried treasure, moats, a headless trunk, an old clock with a mechanism that discloses the family secret; and an escaped tiger in a gunroom. Mrs. Williamson piles the Pelion if tbe improbable upon the Ossa of the sensational, bat sue keeps your nerves screwed-up to concert pitch from start to finish. ""The Woman in Grey" is not a book to read after a lobster supper at the very witchipg hour of night, unless you desire tbe most flamboyant of nightmares. The great literary advertiser has been at it again. The .following notice appears in tbe personal columns of the "Times'": —"Notice to tbu Public.—Whereas a false statement'is being circulated through the press to the effect that tbe next published work by Marie Corelli will bear the title of 'The Sins of Christ, 1 the said Marie Corelli puhlidy denies the assertion, and here with informs her readers and the public generally that this report has no foundation in fact. Owing to her recent grave .illness and subsequent enforced rest Mies Marie Corelli will publish no work whatsoever this year, but when she is again able to produce a new book it will be (.as in all her other works) designed to uphold the Christian faith, which faith she acknowledges and obuys.—Marie Corelli." Your readers will be interested to learn that the Christmas number of tbe "Gentlewoman" will be contributed entirely by colonial artiata and writers, and will be absolutely unique. This paper is now in the very Jrout rank of the journals catering for women. I A friend has asked me to recommend some • books on Cuba. Two recent ones are Mr I ] Bichard Harding Davis'a "Cuba in Yfaz ! ! Time," a rather highly-colored picture of ! Spanish atrocities, but too sensational to be < satisfactory, and Mr. J. H. Bloointield's "A Cuban Expedition," which describes an . American relief expedition some years ago. j Other works are " Cuba," by \V. Goodman, •'With Pen and Pencil in Cuba," by Samuel Hazard, "To Cuba and Back" by R. H. Dana. "The Pearl of the Antilles/1 by A. j Gallenga, and •' Letters from Cuba," by the , Hon. Miss Murray. Mr. Richard DaveyV i " Cuba, Past and Present," which is to be pub ! ljshcd soon by Messrs. Chapman & HolL ; should bs well up to date. The June "Century' contains a readable article j entitled "Ten Months with the Cuban! ! Insurgents," the experiences of a major in the ! ' array under Garcia. I ! Tbe death of the Grand Old Man has of I course called forth numerous books and pamphlets about him. Cheap ones are "W. E. Gladstone —Anecdotes and Reminiscences," byJ. Swift McNeill, M.P.; "Gladstone-A Character Sketch," by \V.«T. .Stead; ""Mr. Gl?d^ttee-^Poi^?r?ios^mtihV f " WAttl^^ i Melrose (Otiphnnt, Anderson); jeacfcfeiiSffi?iil I Justin McCarthy'B.VlJfe" js • **?nd«aii*^S lon the subject, aw* ««b puhUshed -only" slS^ an excellent t*io]grji£4^ is :'*bat'?a|3S3(S by Mr, fi. .E. Bxas^^lrS^^ffM supervision. The book tas jlroady >^igj^ throogh three "Hi*"""' aw a new SnoSsH's announced by the «pnMratwr?*rith aMJJaaigilj tional chanter brineine the " Xafc 4ofcoTa?iS s Sir We^^3RarS*o?iaitlge*^g^Si the first of whose 3^-^?;^ jpjetemgg Jrae 8. The wo*:wiU-t>e-''*MeS | fl!)a?t^| personal Imowledgeof *he«ytor*na|tfi6*«jjgs; contributors, and will aonlain many ■temnSSgiSt documents never hitherto jwbluhed.'* 3*^,^ &udtbatMr.; John Hjcoieyi?'toradtittak?UafM biography to be , -basMl.': ::'jn "frZt?tfsi Gladstone's . own- rocorda r . ana^jpapratg which said - to T 'hay^--«ee^j^!arefntljrS kept, eorted, arrangwi, -jad-Jaritrinjl tor.jM£?fa Gladstone himself, and in jMmg proofroom at-Ha«Trfen-_^Se-fcep^^^ 500 from die Queen, apd;;copies o^^sbwhiifcj portant letters, a-gopd eele^omfinomlus'WjK respondence «hould ?ot jonly-throw Tt^rhitSifla; his own deaelopinentrfcutson ihA'i&lM;&Sr; century. Mr/s>avia Winiain?on^imfcogaf Gladstone; Statesm^^dSclii^^^wbieh^i well up to date' 'and a oampreheamw^aranif; writtenchronide«fMr.Gla6>tejne>iaeywfc,-g "In the Ei- eningof hisDaya, a"StodyMHetfi Gladstone in EetiremfintC" %,3aias Freidricha, -will give the HolmiialjffldefcJ?-iwig^i charming and tasteful jpictbre poj? wngliirfPg njzs of domestic happiness in wbioh?fliE<3n?iO'S Old Man Bpent the last dap of bisJife;-^. ;-g^j.3 