"WEABYFOOT COMMON : A TALE OF ENGLAND 1IFTV YEARS AGO." IV MITCH MTCIlir. CHAPTER II.— continue!.. MFC IN SIMI'Li: LOIHIC. "Mill, la family urn.," ulfi Mr. Poring.. ; " family num., ,lr." S.rrict i> no inlmritue. ; tod my grandlatbar WH glm uid cbimw.r, mm In Mtnchntor." Whit, glu. and chlni I EuUnu- nn. too I " " No, lir : only to complet, th. .lock. Glu. .nd cbin. wu kin goods hr " Wall, »«y utmordloory ! 1 nmombm— good hmily, oh 1 Ah, not unlilmly. Ellitbotli, I oon hmnl n atory road .boot tli« "Noblo Poringar," and it'. .11 coocttnlog glu. ud chio. ud Mrthtomt,. run ,m. . muln old gmU.niu, grandhthw I ibantdo't wondw, took UmwU off to fanign ptrf. for MT.0 twtlremontbi nd . (Uy, luring hi. roung wife . tmhind him, on h«r pl«g. that lit would not Uk. > now husband within th.t time. \V.II, hoolo b, oomm jort h.l( an hour boforo th. l.tMt day i. out, ud flnu. that bin wif. i. to be married again u toon oa th. dock atrikea. Bo you ue, pour aoul, li ii no jroongar, and hla akin biu grow, brown with the aun, and hi. ciotha. iMdy with trtral, ao that uot oa. of lham koaw him from Adam. Wall now, you muat know they ore all HiMiDiiaf auu JIUI hU dire (119 wife— who ireepe her oath ao atrictly— . hint of who h. la, tho ballad uy.— It wo. th. noble Poringer that dratip<>d amid tho wine A bridal ring of burning goM, hu costly and so fiuo; fid hi Mods tks— uo, it wu not glua, but a— no, not . china-bowl, but a— no, not an aarthanwu mug : it waa, in fact, . golden beaker ; but What now I I didu't aay it waa vonr grand, father I " "It mty hart boon, air," uid Mr. Poaiagar raelguadly : "all I oan under take to my ia, that I new haerd . wort ol th. atory. My grandfather my hare had a ballad made about him, ju Ilka any other raapactable indiTidnal. Tha lower ciamu will ba impodant ; it ia thair natora, air, aod wo can't break 'em o( it nohow." "Than, Poringar, und Molly," uid th, captain ; " I direeay aha caru nothing about her name : I only hope aha know, what it ia." Molly aooo entered tha room in hot uaunl utoniah. meat, and hung helpleuly to tho handla. " it en, .uoiiy, and her mailer modulating hia voice winningly, ao that it elmoet got to tha crmk of a clwiliaed door, " you havo a noma, barcn't you, Molly 1 " " O ye., lir I O pleaae, air— two, air I " " It ia only ono we want Juat now. You aaa Bob, poor follow, hu none at all, aad ha moat ba Rob Something, Sn know, Molly. Yon wouldn't mind ting him take yonm, would you I " " O yaa, air I O lawk, air ! Mine, air ) Oh, ia he to be Molly, and I nothing. O pleaae, air I" and coniternetion open ad wider her aatoniahed eyu. " Noneenao, nonaaau I " growled the captain; "it ia tha othar name yoo must give him : and wa don't want you to give it— you may share it with him." " O pleaae, air, it'aaoch a little ntme, it won't than ! Oh, it's only Jinka, air; and what ereram 1 to he, if I am not-Molly Jinka I " "Jinka ba hanged I" ejaculated tha captain with contempt. " Who would tab u gift of auch a miaertblc little imp of e name u Jinka I Keep it to your- tolft uran lettet ot it : Bob .han't be Jinka. And now, get uwuy with yoo, nd aend the cook." The captain atrode up aod down the room, indignant wilh huuelf at having naked, and bean re- fused, name that nobody in hia seneu would aooaofc. unliu iiMnmniRlail kw an aetata of considerable magnitude. His modltatioua were interrupted by the re-appearance of thn culprit. "It la tho cook I want I" he growled tnrloualy, " O yee, air I" uid Molly, " 0 please, lir, Mn. Margery is np to tha elbowa in tha eoup, and both bar boat eapa in thn wuhlog-tub I" " That ia nary utiaordinary I" aald tha chptnln. " How long has this woman bean in my aerrical— do you kuowl" " O yu, air I lore, air I 0 pluae, air, ahn came fourteen months before mel" " And when didyoacomel'' " O pleaae, air, juat after father and mother died of the typhua;" and Molly pat thn comer of her apron to her eyee, odd jingdod the door handle nervously. "Ana when wu that, poor Molly?" uid tbe captain softly " O piano, air, I don't bow, airl It can't be loam sir," added Molly, amoth. erlog n email eob, " for I renumber it lite yeetoidey." Hlubeth I" and tha veteran Jurned nohmnly to hla eieteu here ie.nn In- dlvldnal, whom name ia .'uid to be Margerj, end who, it ie pretended, hu been In my nervice (or yean— I don't know how many, hut for years, mind yon— ud I never ut eyu on her in my life I How can I believe in that woman 1 I don't bellvo in her I I might as well balieva in n ghoet, merely beoanea other paopie uy tbey bare heard and sun n ghoet 1" "0 pluae, sir," interpoaed Molly, who could not hear her friend epoken lightly of, " Mra, Margery la nothing llko u ghost I She ! round, air, am goodhumoured, and can't n-bonr Mr. Poringar, and teaches the boy to road, nod.uy hia prayers, and mnkoa him comfortable, end la willing (or him to take her name, which he will give credit and renown to, like John Gilpin, and return honourable in the dennwment, >; whan be ie Heir-at law," ; ; " What la Mnrguy'a name 1" demand- . fi sua eqiHia " O pleut, air," it ia Oakland.," "And n very eeoelble name, upon my honour 1 OtkUndl I A capita) name— worth forty Jinlues, Get oway with von now, poor Molly— the thing la nettled," : ' . . tlt 'wu in tbla wise that thn waif ot tte - oomawn motived tha name of Robert Oeklanda, denned to become ' known to the reader ot the Englich . tonro wherever theee ubtqoitoua pagea Kvtt Vi-'..v-;: ' It Ifi DO woodM IhAk the captein had ;nivir iMD:M(i. Vcm), lor the j'g'.'- ;;.k)teb«2 WM to him t rtgtoa of m/tUry. '6:- r %hioh h« Bould lurdiy havt eotorod > fiv«a it thi m) of Qh« hoon had tow on firo; while Mra. Mtrgory waa never known to stray from ft (ireciocta farther than tho little room adjoining, whero she slept. - She never went out of doors, even to go to church, having always some article of dress deranged, or wauting, which sorved In case of neod for an axcuse, although her usual p)sQ waa "that ihe bad not cleaned herself." Yet notwithstanding this lack of air and healthful exercise, Mrs. Margery, in defiance of the laws of bvgieo grow fat and fair; and it was supposed that Mr. l'oringer was very anxious to know where sbo invested her money, nod that some of his most docpty meditativo momenta wero spent in calculating the probable nmount of hrr savings. When Molly returned from her mission to the parlour, alio announced tbe result to her patroness in these words: "Ah, it is all settled ! The Boy is Oaklaudi now," nud then sat down dejectedly on chair. '' Did T nnt tnll Ml an 1" n.livl Mra Margery, her comely face beaming with delight. "Now mind me, that is the lint point, and eee If I don't come right as well in oil the rest. Keep watching for it, girl, if ft ehoald be for ten years : it's your own interest ; for n sure n yon are sitting there, you will never be married till it happens ! " " Ob, etid am ! never to he married for ten years 1" said Molly in din content. " Not till the denowmont— depend upon that. Keep watching, I tell ymi, wherever you are, and in whatever service yna may bo. Never lose sight of young Oaktnnda for your life ! " " Ob, tbon I must watch bore," said Molly, "for I will nover leave tho captaiu !" " Tbe captuin I Why, I thought he frightened you out of yoursovou souses! What ever lias come over you, Molly, for vim tn Innli n« wn!mffnti« u tlm l.nrlv AraminU herself 1 " "Oh, it was before he knew about my coming hero he frightened me— before he knew that father and mother ware deid of the typhus. And then be poke so kind, und called me " (some hysterica! sobs) 11 poor Molly. And I rrm poor Molly ! I haven't nobody in tbe world but you, Mrs, Margery, aud you aiu't nothing to me; and I will never leave the captaiu— uot for six pound a year, and tea and sugar- never ! Not till I'm married ! " added Molly more composedly, as she wiped way her tears with her bare arms. After receiving his name, Bob, as in doty bouud, grew rapidly, both length- way and breadthways ; and for tbe eon of a woman of the name of .Sal), was really a very finedooking boy. Mrs. Margery thought be had quite an aris tocratic ah ; und it may ho so. lie was well fod, clothed and lodged ; he was tbe pet of everybody in tbe house but Mr. Boritiger ; be wasotrongnud healthy ; and haviug beon pretty well his own master ever since he ought by rights to have been a baby, it is no wonder that be had tho light, springy, yet sedate step, the easy carriage, tboaelLposacesed manner, aud the independent look vulgarly supposed to bo tho attributes of good birth. Being naturally of quick faculties, he very eoon surpossod his mistress in reading. While he was still learning, he listened to tbe oveniug lectures, and sometimes was the reader himself ; but nit this was quickly over. He devoured tbe aleuder volumo on his way home with it from tbe library, re- maining on the common till it waa fin. iabed ; and no entreaties or reproaches could prevail upon him to endure it o second time. The captain's books, wbicb related chiefly to tho military art, be uext attacked, and got through them like a moth ; then Elizabeth's which were almost all on philosophical subjects \- these proved tougher raiding, but be finished ; and then a number of older volumea— the usual heir-looms in nil middle-clam families in this country — whiob, mixed with mass, gave a higher character to the whole. Then lie copied with a pencil everything of tbe pictorial kind In them all ; made a bust of Molly in pipe-clay, which waa considered in the kitchen a masterpiece of nrt; mid executed.. 'wooden caricature of Mr. l'oringer. Tbe boy, in short, by in sensible degree, laid a capital basis for education ; but, exhibiting general tab siiw ana capaouuiei rainer man n (ins- sion for any particular study, it was evident that he wu not one of those heaven-born gonluses who are destined to achieve greatness by their own un assisted effort. Bob had no companions of hta own age. In the earlier period of his abode at the I.odge, he had made on effort to get into juvenile society; but be was unsuccessful. lie joined a group of boys who were playing at the edge of tho wood just behind the garden; but it was evident that he woe looked upon as an intruder. Some of the small boys shrank from him ae a kind of familiar of the ogre, while the larger ones de sired him to go and look for hia mother upon the common, lie did not nt tbe time feel this aa an insult, for lie wur not ashamed of the common, or of any thing else ; so be merely replied, that he did not want his mother, nor she him. " And we don't want you ! " cried a great lubberly boy, somewhat hia eenior; "we will have no vagrants here; so troop, or it will be the woroe for you I " Bob merely looked at him, and when the boy advanced to enforce hie com mands, he did not stir, but continued to look him in the eyes. "Don't you know," aald tho other imperiously, " that I am master horo— that what I say Is to be done 1 Tf you don't go, I'll throw you over the wall I " and he stepped up to take hold of him. uut ijod waitea, bum moKing, mi the Philistine was just upon hltn ; and then, seeing that there woe no mistake about it, ho caught suddenly up from the ground a piece of stick, gave a smart blow with it to the outstretched fingers of his antagonist, and, taking ad vantage of tho pain and astonisliment he had caused, glided Into thie garden of the Lodge, and locked . the door. That afternoon, Hob went to the com mon as he had been ordered. It was the tint time he had visited tho place without nn errand — the first time he had looked in it for anything more than he seemed as if he had come in quest of something. Was It his mother 1 Per haps. , But Bob did not know. Time wore on, and ot length en incident occurred which awoke the still life of Simple Lodge. It was the arrival of a young girT, bequeathed for a eertain number of jura to tbe captaiu by hU eieter-in- law, the widow of hie only brother long deceased. The brothers bad rarely mot sloco boyhood ; and although Ellzaboth bod resided for ome time In the house of the ono engaged in commerce, ebe had not token kindly to the wife, and after tbe hus band's death w&e; very glad of the captain's, invitation to change her quarters. The widow was now dead lo her turo, as tbey were informed by a lawyer's letter; and although she had maintained but little Intercourae with her husband's relatives, she hid not scrunled to confer upou tbetn her only child during the jwifi of her nonage. Sara's fortuno was two thousand pounds, which was to be allowed to accumulate for bor benefit till she was twenty-one ; it belag supposed by tho testratrlx that during tho intervening vears she would be amply provided for by her uncle end guardian, Captain Bemple. TkU waa on arrangement which the cspteio aod Elizabeth thought only natural ; but it cannot be deniod that both felt a little onoomfortable at the idea of a stranger, oven though ooly a littlo girl, breaking into tbe midst of their quiet mloage. Tbe captain had uover seen his ward, and Elizabeth recollected ber only aa eu infant, whom her mother had watched over like a dragon, to protect her from the consequences of the old maid's Un skilful ftltnntlnmi— fnr Flizthslh hart begun in early lifo to be an old maid. Upon the whole, th atinnuoceraeot was not a pleasant one, and Simple Lodge was a good deal put out of the way by It. Had the girl been left wholly destitute, it would have been another thing; bat as it was, notwithstanding the eleemosynary nature of tbe duties required »f bira, ebe appeared somehow to the captain in tho character of au heiress, with whom it was necessary lo be upon bis B's and Q's. This, howover, was a good deal men ded by tho manner of ber advent. She hod been brought, without notice, by ono of her mother's relations, who dis mounted with ber from the stage-coach nt tho village, in the midst of an all- day's— we may say an all- week's— ralu. Her luggage was sent round by the road on a cart, und the travollere came scroti tho common with an umbrella between thorn. With a nroner ff&oirranhicil; knowledge, tbey might have managed better than they did ; but oa it wen, they wero wading every now end then in a shallow |kh>1, to which tbe heavy and monotonous plash of the rain com municated a character of tenfold dis comfort ; nud when at last tbey entered Ihe house, cold and wet, tbe slight girlish figure, arrayed in tbe deepest mourning, and the desolate and lonely look she cost round the straago place, melted the good captain's heart, and he pressed his brother's child in his arms with uncoutroilable agitation. Eliza beth was more composed, but not less kind. She kissed the wet little girl et arm's length, and remarked . that this sublunary world was made up of comings and going, that life was a journey of which death was ooly the end, and that a pale orphan, with wet feet and destitute of luggage, represented man in the abstract coming naked and helpless into a vale of tears. " That's vory true, Elizabeth," said the captuin ; " that's very true. So go und change Sara's dress before eho takes cold ; ami Bob, fly to the kitchen, nnd tut, wiu uuuk iu gov uvr Buiuataing wann and nice to eat ; and Molly— poor Molly ! —do you bring It up, for you ore Ihe fittest to wait upon the orphan." Where upon Elizabeth led off tho young girl by tho arm, Bob disappeared like a shadow, and Molly, after bidding good-bye to tho door handle with a nervous shake, set to to wipe the table frantically with her dirty apron. Tho relation, being man of buaiueas, and having exeoutcd hia commission, bad already taken bis leave ; shaking tho orphan absently by tbe hand, nnd tbe moment he left the house, taking out hie pocket-ledger, to enter as he went along the last item of the expenses of the journey. (To bf continued.) 