ROCKHAMPTON. TUESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1898. THE SCRAMBLE EUR CHINA. The scramble for Glim may Imve been expected in the inner circles of the European chancellories, but it seems to have taken the world at large com- pletely by surprise. China has existed pretty much as she is ior thou- sands of years, and it is nut surprising that people should have thought she would continue to exist in the same way. The Japanese war was undoubtedly a revelation. When it broke out there was a very general anticipation that while Japan might have one or two victories in the beginning of the struggle China must win in theend. Of a truth China never lind nt any time a ghost of a chance. It soon became manifest that the nation was eaten out by corruption, and the hugh carcase i was merely a shell so far ¡ts warlike ' power was concerned. Hut if BIIC could not beat Japan she waa still able to get allies who were strong enough to rob ¡from Japan the fruits of her victories. :The Japanese Ministers would have been :del)ghted to advance on Pekin, but when ¡it became evident they could easily oap '?ture the capital if they were permitted Russia stepped in with what was prac- tically a " Touch it at your peril '' inlima ¡tion. Peace was agreed to, and jbhe terms, while severe, did not seem impossible, for China. Matters went back iuto the old groove and the world quickly forgot China. But the European chancellors do not seem to have for- gotten it. Perhaps the utter helpless- ness of China was as great a surprise to .them as to less exalted people. Until ¡the war with Japan they may have, had tio thougla of dividing up the Chinese Empire, but the ease with which this could be done may have tempted them. At any rate they seem to have re- solved on it. If an ngrceisent could be pome to lhere would be no ditíiculty at ill in tho matter. But that is the rub. To frame au agreement where everyone lesires to take advantage of Iiis neigh jour is an almost impossible task. With the outbreak of this question a peech of Lord Rosebery's has been videly recalled. A few weeks before he defeat ot his Ministry Lord llose >cry said in a speech, 11 We have ' hitherto beeen favoured with one 1 Eastern question which we have ' always endeavoured to lull as too 1 portentous for our imagination ; hut ' of late a Far Eastern question has ' been superadded which, I confess, to 1 my apprederision is in the dim vistas ' of futurity infinitely greater tliau . even that question of which we have ! already kuown." No ono seems » have paid any attention to hat remark at the time it was made, ihat is not to be wondered at. ¡.copie do not generally concern them felves greatly about something that is happen in "the dim vistas of ord Rosebery of any credit for fore ght in making this observation ; ho idently foresaw as little as anyone c imminence of this Fat-Eastern ques stt. Whatthisquestion means even now w, if anyone, can say. Germany pre oitatcd it, but the world refuses to kc the German Emperor seriously, laughs alike at his " consecrated per- in" and his "mailed Hist." That, That unlucky phrase robs I would like to be n second Caisar ^eryone credits ; that he has the lain of a really great statesman or i vcreign has yet to be shown. He has d his chances early in life and so far has not made much of them. He t rid of Prince Bismarck, nnd since en he lins dismissed first one and then pother of that statesman's successors, ht he has failed to retain for Uermany Ut pre-eminent place in the councils < Europe which she held under her i in of " blood and iron." He certainly ¡..ed Turkey frew tho concert of lirope the other day. But that ? lievement counts for little seeing, as 3rd Salisbury remarked at the (lildlmll on the 9th of November, that t ; concert of Europe is like an English j y, it can uct only when it is unani I 'US. Tho recalcitrant juryman is not r ¡essnrily a man of either commanding i; ntal or will power1 The danger of this question does t. lie in what Germany may do, but in \ nt Russia may do. The real struggle v 1 be between her and Britain. For li E a century Britain bas been the Illing power in China. She holds ii -e of the Chinese trade than all the o er nations of the world put together, a it is highly unlikely she will ti ely submit to this being filched from h The German Emperor's "mailed " ¡t " lins no terrors for British states II i. His Majesty has a magnificent ai y, but he has very poor means of gi ing that army where it 'could prove a erious menace to Britain. On tl other hand, Her Majesty tlje Q en hos a superb navy which wld find no difficulty at all in rc hing the German Emperor's Chinese possessions.. And what is true ol Germany is equally true of France. At the, outbreak bf tho war with France a century ago she had as -many foreign possessions as Britain, and the result oE the war was that she lost' them all. What happened before in that way might easily happen again. The British array is admittedly weak as compared with the French and GorWn armies, but this would be a case '¿here the sea power would come into play far more effectually than the sister army. But with Russia it is different. She already virtually marches with Britain for hundreds of miles in Asia, and the two powers might easily bc involved in a deadly struggle on land. It is this fast which makes the Chinese question one that specially concerns Britain and Russia. If they come to an agreement then the peace of thc world hos little to fear from the scramble for China,. But will they agree ? The question is easily asked, but impossible to answer. British1 policy with respect to Russia > undergoing, if it has not actually undergone, a revolution. It was tlc policy of Pitt, of Canning, of Palmer- ston, and of Beaconsfield to alwa;s oppose Russia. Beaconsfield is said w have admitted privately that he woud have gone to war with Russia in 1S37 if his Cabinet had supported him. Tlc only statesman who has toben tie opposite line has been Mr. Gladstone. His policy was to work with instead }f against Russia. He held that the tvo powers had far more in common thai they had objects oí quarrel, and it shoud be the aim of both to arrive at u common understanding and become Uri allies. For that he was fiercely attackd as little better than a traitor to tie British Empire. But time is workirg its wonders in this ns in other tliinjs. Lord Salisbury was a member of Lod Beaconsiield's Cabinet which thwartd Russia in 1S77 and gloried in the fat. Rut in a speech delivered a few mont s ago Lord Salisbury admitted that tc Crimean war was a mistake. He u cnllcd the pacific professions of te Emperor of Russin, just before t e outbreak of the war, and remarked tilt at that time Britain " put her mony " on the wrong horse." Ou this viki question of Foreign policy-Britain; attitude towards Russia-Lord Salisbuy has become a convert to the Gladstonin policy. He is for friendship anda working alliance with Russia instead if a policy of suspicion and oppositici. If Russia is as pacilie now as she ws in 1853 there should be little difliculy in tlie two powers principally i torcsted coming to an agreement ovr1 China. j _ i 