Neagoe : A STORY OF THE SALT MINES. By ' Cabmen Stlva ' (Her Majesty the Queen of Boumaiiia.) [All Bights Uesbbved.] PREFACE. Capital punishment does not exist in Boumania. The greatest penally for wilful murder is imprison - mentfor life in the salt mines, while minor crimes are punished by incarceration iu these mines for periods vwyiug from five to twenty-five years, according to the nature of the offence. The mines are a source of great wealth to the country, the salt— which is a State monopoly — being extracted exclusively by criisinals. Besides being supplied to Boumania. this indispensable necessity is now ex ported in large quantities to the neighbouring coun tries of jlpngary and Servia. At the period at which our gtory opens, the Ocni, or Salt Mines, were worked in the most primitive manner, aud the wieiched prisoners never saw the light of day. Now the punishment is not so rigorous. The felons are allowed to sleep in penitentiaries above ground, and are morning and n:ght escorted to and from their work by a guard of soldiers. Past I. ' Hai ! hai !' This cry resounded deep down underground, through lofty, dark vaulted arches, in the vast Sait Mines of Slanic. Huge blocks of rock salt were being drawn noiselessly upwards, in immense baskets, to a hole above, which seemed distant as a star, through which shone red the light of day, while from another similar aperture came down empty baskets of the 6ame kind as the full ones, falling with muffled thud on to the grey salt below. Numerous men, wearing shirts of coarse sackcloth, with drawers and belts of thick leather, and laced san dals on their feet, stood together in a mass, and uttered the melancholy ' Hai ! hai !' each time they filled a basket. When these prisoners moved their feet, the clamping of irons was heard, for around their legs, below the knee, iron rings were fastened, to which were soldered chains, to prevent their running any great distance. Farther on were other rows of men at work, hammer in hand, who struck the walls of salt at measured distances, and the immense detached lumps fell with a heavy thud. Then a wedge like piece of wood was inserted into the fallen mass, and some of the felons struck the wood with heavy stones until the morsels fell asunder. Every blow resounded likea thunder clap through out the shining vaults. On the floor, before each man, was placed a small tin lamp filled with tallow, the minute wick of which only threw light on the spot where the hammer was destined to strike, and shed a fitful gleam over the pallid, gloomy faces of the men employed. These convicts were never permitted to see the light of day ; there they worked, there they lived, there they died, never seeing a glimpse of 'God's sun ! Involuntarily they must have cried in the words of Dante, ' Abandon hope, all ye who enter here.' The day on which our story opens an old man stood apart from the rest of the criminals, leaning on his hammer to rest his tired arms ; he had flung his long brown mantle over his shoulder, and his eyes rested on the meagre light at his feet, which flickered as if it were a life ebbing away. Before him passed other prisoners bearing similar lights stuck in their caps, and although they spoke to him be seemed to pay no attention to their words. Suddenly a movement took place in the gallery, lights gleamed and flitted about, and a glimpse was caught of a good-looking young man, who shuddered visibly on finding himself brought face to face with tbe weird darkness above and beneath him. The young fellow was guarded by two soldiers, for he had made a desperate effort to fling himself over the edge of the gallery, but he was caught and prevented from committing this act of self-destruction. Many Sympathising glances from around were cist upon him, and many remembered how they also had come down by the same path. At length, when the young man entered the principal vault, he looked about him despairingly, and then fixed his eyes on the ground. He stood not far away from where the old man, unmoved, was regacding him. ' I cannot live here without any light,' cried he. ' Why, oh, why am I cast into thiB den of murderers ? _ I cannot bear it ! It is never-endingr night !' He stretched out his hands as if to feel around him, then rose to his full height, and, in doing so, stretched the chain with which his feet were shackled. ' Chained like a wild beast,' he cried — ' and in utter darkness. Set me free, I sav ! set me free !' Then he saw the old man looking silently, but pityingly, on him, and falling on his knees, he said, 'Father, have mercy on me, and kill me with a blow of thy hammer.' ' It iB forbidden that I should kill,' answered the old man.' 'Thou wilt not be here for ever,' said another convict, wishing to console him. The young fellow laughed madly. ' Fifteen years ! Are they not more than Eternity ? ' ' ' I am condemned for 18 years,' said the first speaker.' ' And I for 24 years,' said a second. ' And I for my life time,' said another. ' Who knows what crimes you may not have committed ? ' said the new comer, ' but I, I only protected the innocent ! ' ' What, then, it is Love which brought thee here ? I though as much when I saw thee ! ' ' Did'st thou kill thy sweetheart or the other?' asked another prisoner. The youth drew back angrily. 'I am not answerable to you for what I have done.' Then the old man placed his hand on the lad's shoulder. ' Boy, I have been here now for 16 years, and. yet I was not a bad man or a great sinner.' ' ' Then why art thou here, father ? ' asked the I youth. -0 ' I was in the service of a hard and cruel J* master. I bore all with patience, although he f often made me and my fellow-laboureis curse the : t hour in which we were born. But one day his | hard-hearted cruelty passed beyond bounds ; he had my sister lashed to death before our very eyes ! Six or seven other peasants then joined me in my 1 fury against him, and we drew lota to see who should shoot him down. The lot fell upon me. Our master had gone to Bucharest, and Jiis way home lay through the forest. I watched for him from behind a tree, and I felled him to the ground : he had but time to cry ' Oh, Holy Mother !' We all rejoiced that we had got rid of him, and when we Were called before the magistrates, and the Judge declared that the i murderer would be sure to be discovered sooner or - ? later, I stepped out from the rest of them, saying, fe 4 My lord, I am the murderer.' As it was a premeditated crime, I was sent here for life, for that is according to the law.' The youth looked fixedly into the speaker's face, as if he were drinking in his words ; around these two men there gradually formed a circle of gaunt objects, lighted only by the tiny lamps stuck in their caps, which left their faces . almost in dark ness. The voice of the old man sounded slow and monotonous, as if what he recounted had no ; longer any interest for him, while there rose in cessantly from above and below the melancholy j ' Hai Hai !' of the workers and the resound ing noise of the falling masses of salt. ' Neither am I,' said the youth, at length, i sighing deeply. ' Neither am I. the picked \ wretch you may take me for. It took place one Sunday, when we lads were dancing the Hora* J alone, aud throwing at the same time tender glances | at the maidens seated#on the grass) with pretty :J flowers in their hair, waiting to see who would be I the first amongst them invited to join us. My eyes | were fixed on Neagoe.' | ' 1 Neagoe ! ' ' interrupted the old man in a startled jj tone. I ' Yes, that is her name, and as I looked fixedly I at her, Neagoe came and took her place betwixt I me aud another youth, who was from her own 1 village, but the latter pushed her aside, saying, j ' No. I shall not dance with a convict's daughter *3 Blind with rage and fury, I drew my knife from |j my belt and plunged it into his heart. I did not J intend to kill the fellow. I was frightened when § I saw him lying motionless on the ground § Neagoe cried out, ' Oh, Holy Mother ! What hast Jf thou done? All is at end between us now!' 1 Neagoe wept, and would not be consoled at any .Jj price. She said rightly, that all was at end jt between us. ' Sandule,' 6aid she, ' Sandule, oh ! M why didst thou think of loving me ? I have only :J| been thy misfortune !' ' |f ' Whose daughter, saidst thou, was this M maiden P' asked the old man. ;|g ' I know not, for she never spoke to me of her IS father, but I know that he had been for along 9- time at Slanic. Perhaps he is amongst you |8 ' Perhaps,' said the old man, who then con- |s tinued his questions. ' Sandule — if that be thy SB name — this Neagoe, is she a pretty girl ?' B Sandule's eyes glistened through the darkness, §? as he replied, ' She is lovelier and brighter than B the sun itself ! Her eyes are large and full of B sorrow, like those of a deer shot down .by the B huntsman ; her hair is black as a raven's ?? wing ; her lips red as rowan berrieB ; B her teeth whitei than the milk when it B comes from the cow ; and her form is so B supple, and so slender, that it might be drawn B through a ring. When she walks, balancing her- B self a little from side to side, she has the gait of B an empress, anl the pitcher which she carries on B her head seems a regal crown ! When she gives B someone water to drink from her jug, it does him B as much good as the first dew drops to the earth B after a long drought. When Neagoe laughs, you B must laugh also, though she laughed but rarely, B and now she will never laugh again.' 9 The youth wiped away, with the back of his IK hand, the warm tears wlii^h fell from his eyes, ?' then he stamped his feet with fury, heard the B- clanking of the irons, lookei down at his ankles, iB and despair again laid hold of him. The old 'B' man seemed disposed to continue talking, and B ' This poor Neagoe must have suffered many B an insult on account of her father ?' B ' Aye, indeed, it is better pot jto have children B if one is doomed to the Siilt Mines.' B Then a gaoler came up to Sandule, and, giving B him a hammer and a lamp, bade him come to I some salt blocks, at which there were already a B number of men at work, who looked at Ihim with B stolid indifference . B Sandule raised the hammer and began to B strike the salt, as he was instructed, when sud- B denly the mine became one blaze of light ! B Hundreds and hundreds of candles were quickly B alight, for the recently-elected Prince of Wal- B lachia had expressed a desire to see these ppriojis fl prisons, which were at the same time a source of fl: great wealth to his country. fl Then a thrill of emotion ran through the beartB B : of many of these convicts, a thrill of expecta- B tion, of hope, of fear ! The Prince would pardon some of them ! Which would it be ? How many would he set free ? It was evident that these ghosts of men had stilljiuman blood fl: in their veins ! ' fl At length the Prince came down {Amongst B them, accompanied by his beautiful young fl: Princess, wearing a long mantle, and on her B ! head a thin white veil, which hung gracefully B over her shoulders from the back of her well- B| shaped head. fl ; The Prince spoke softly to her, for she trembled greatly, and looked around with fear-sMckep eyes. JB| Soon thoBe gentle eyes were filfed with tears, when saw herself surrounded by all $hese un- B happy prisoners, who fell on their fe^jaes af her B feet, some with clasped hands in mute enfreaty, B; while oihers clamoured for their pardon and fl| their liberty. B| The Princess's whole form .still trembled, but B§ her sweet smile beamed on |]iepi like § Heavenly B| greeting, like a breath of liberty in prospective* B| ' Do these poor men never go out into the day light ?' she asked. Forgetful of their crimes, she saw only the wretched unfortunate prisoners, and in a low voice she begged her husband to pardon them. ' If all were according to thy will,' said the Prince, smiling upon her, ' every prison trate would be opened, and there would be no more chains ? If there were no criminals it would be well bo, but ' ? The princely visit was at an end, the illumination was rapidly extinguished, and the salt mine was again steeped in deep hopele.su night. Shortly, a superior official came down, and, sum moning the felons around bim, read to them the grace which had been decided on in honour of the Prince and Princess. The life sentences had been commuted to a term of 25 years, the sentence of 2d years was re duced to 20 years, and so on, each priecner having a morsel of comfort doled out to him. The chains were to be removed from four of the oldest prisoner?, and they were to be set free. ' Ion, Stan, Tanase, Vlad, you are fully pardoned,' said the official. Vlad was the old man of whom we have made mention, he who had held the conversation with Sandule, the new arrival. ' My boy,' said he, approaching Sandule, 'I am amongst tliose who have received a full par don ; my name is Vlad. I am going home to Neagoe, for sbe is my daughter.' ' Neagoe, your daughter ! you, her father ! then tell her . . no—do not tell her that you have seen me ; perhaps she does not know that I am here. Let her forget me ! let her believe me to be dead !' ' As I have escaped, my son,' suidVlad, ' thou, perhaps, also may do the same.' Sandule looked sadly at him. ' Yes, perhaps when t am old, and when Neagoe has forgotten me.' ' If she be of my blood, boy, she will not forgot, thee. Fare thee well ! be courageous .' be hope ful!' And so these four old men disappeared slowly from the view of their envious comrades. In the village which is built over tlie Salt Mines, all is sunshine, and light, and joy ! Garlands and wreaths oi verdure deck its irregular, straggling street. In the narket-place the villagers have assembled, and the Hora grows gradually larger and larger, while the sound of the violins of the Tzigan musicians and their Pan's pipes, coupled with the stamping of the dancers, causes a con tinuous din. The shirts of the youths were white a6 a cherry orchard in spring-, and embroidered at the throat, around the hem, and at the bottom of the wide open sleeves, the shirts being worn over tbeir white linen trousers, and forming a kind of a tunic, con fined round the waist with deep, solid leather belts, in which were thrust knives, tobacco pouches, L and other small matters. Their broad felt hat? were wreathed with posies. They jumped, and laughed, and joked ; while the maidens whose j hands were linked in theirs in the round dance of the Hora moved gracefully and quietly, so that [ they seemed to glide over the grass without raising their feet. Tha dresses worn by these girls were thickly studded with gilt spangles, their long braids of hair being ornamented with flowers. The married women, who stood calmly by as spectators, with their heads covered with trans parent silk veils, wore at least one carnation above the ear. As the Roumanian women are very skilful with their needle and distaff, their na tional costumes are of great beauty and exquisite work manship. At times the shouts of the youth who led the Hora might be heard, the shouts to mark the time, in which the others gaily joined, while a gipsy musician would place himself within the round, play on his violin, and dance also. The band of Tzigan musicians waB indefatiga ble. The Hora terminated, they played a Chin dea, a Briul, a Galabreaza, and some other of their pretty national dances. From the balcony of a large house near to the market-place, hung with carpets, and greenery, the Prince and Princess, with their host, looked down upon the villager?. The look of deep sadness which had come into the Princess's eyes when she visited the Salt Mines had not wholly quitted her when at length . there wae a pause in the dancing, and the four old convicts were brought forward to thank their Sovereign for his gracious pardon. The poor worn faces looked as if they had but just risen from the tomb, so Btrange, so serious were they amidst this jovial crowd. One of them remained quietly standing with his two hands resting on his staff ; he did but turn his head towards the sound of the music, for he had become blind. The PHncess distributed gifts amongst them, and spoke with much sympathy to each, inquiring if they had far to go before reaching their homes. Turning to the Prince she said ' Thou hast pardoned only these ? So few ! so few !' In a low tone he replied, ' I will pardon many others at our next visit.' The Prince wore, as was then the custom of the country, a long bilken robe, and a beautiful Turkish shawl wound round his w list ; his head was covered with an Islic, a large cap of choicest fur. His well' kept glossy beard covered his breast, his gait was majestic, and he smiled but rarely. The Princess wore a long mantle of green silk, embroidered with gold, and bordered with ermine ; her head was covered with a silken veil, fine as a spider's wel). She admired the embroidered dresses of tbe maidens, added a gold coin to the Salbet of each, praised the children, and gave presents to the mothers. I The royal carriages arrived in the cool of the evening, drawn by eight horses, to each four of which there was a Surugui, or postillion, wearing a richly braided jacket, a shirt with full white j, sleeves which fluttered in the wind, and a broad felt hat with long streams of red, blue, and j- yellow ribbon — the national colour of Roumania. | These Surugui cracked tbeir long whips over | their horses' heads, and with loud ehouts set off at a full gallop, and the princely party dis appeared in a cloud of dust. * * * * Far away from the Salt Mines, amidst the mountains, stands a neat little village, now bathed in the rays of the setting sun. On the hill side an old man is leaning on his staff, peering into the cottages around, ex amining every threshold, as if to meet with a familiar face. But none had returned as yet from their labour in the fields. Yet a little later, and the cow bells arc heard in the distance, the youths and maidens come along in groups, laughing and chattering, then the married women — spinning as they walk — with babies in their arms, on their heads, or on their backs. The men move more slowly, smoking their cigarettes, their heavy tools on their shoulders. Very soon thin clouds of blue smoke rise from the cottage chimneys. The women tre preparing the evening meal, while their husbands stay outside talking together. Then the young gills come out' with huge coloured pitchers, to bring water from the well. Tbe lads approach them, and beg to be given to drink, while many a joke is cracked. The old man, unobserved by any one, still stands motionless, gazing towards the village. ' Come here,' cries one of the girls to her com panians, ' I see something in the water,' and she looked laughingly down the well. ' I see him quite distinctly ! Now, I know who my husband will be !' Naturally they all wished to look, and pushed each other good naturedly aside, for it is said that if one looks intently into the water, one will see the person whom one will marry next year. While they thus laughed, there came from out a cottage higher on the hill a girl of rare beauty, whose large eyes were full of indescribable sadness. Her braided hair was glossy, and seemed quite black, in contrast with some red carnations which she had fixed there. On seeing the other lasses at tbe well, she made a movement as if she would turn back, but a harsh voice ordered her to bring water quickly. She stood undecided, her empty pitcher in her hand. As she went along, both the old man and the girls observed her ; the latter whispered and looked impertinently towards her. In a moment she was surrounded by them. ' Hey, Neagoe, why art thou so silent ? Why so pale ? Where is thy beloved ? Where is thy sweetheart, the murderer ? Say !' ' Thou hadst best fling away those flowers,' said another, and she tore the carnations from her hair. Neagoe let fall her pitcher, and looked up to the heavens. ' All alone ! Yts, I am left quite alone,' cried she. ' Is therfe no one to help me ?' ' Yes, I am here,' said a deep voice near to her. The maidens drew back, intimidated and ashamed. Vlad now came up and stood before Neagoe ; he bad been observing her attentively for some time in silence. 'Who art thou that speakest tome?'' she asked, with fear in her eyes, aud with trembling lips, as if she presaged a new misfortune. He waited a moment and then said, ' I am thy father, Neagoe.' A sigh escaped from her breast, she shook. her head sadly, and letting her hands fall despairingly by her sides, said, ' Alas, I have no father ! ' The girls looked at each other and came nearer \- to listen. 'Has no oue ever spoken to thee of thy father ?' She bowed her head sadly. ' SpoKen ? Oh ! Yes, they said that he was imprisoned for all his life at S'anic.' ' Daughter, I come from those Salt Mines !' These words sounded so terrible that a shudder seemed to pass through the group of girls. Neagoe raised her eyes and looked at him. ?' Dost thou know thy father's name ?' asked he. ' Yes, my father waB called Vlad.' ' Child, Vial is my name. Is not thy mother called Florica, and hast thou not a brother RaduP' She nodded her head in assent. '* Tell me where are they ?' ?' My brother has gone away, I know not whither, into the wide world, perhaps, for he was very unhappy here. My mother is dead, and I have to live with her second husband to take care of his children.' ' Thou livest in the house of thy mother's hus band ?' 'Yes.' ' How long has she been married ?' ' For more than six years.' ' Is thiB man kind to thee ?' ' Kind ! No, far from that !' The girls were again giving each other pushes, stuffing the corners of their handkerchiefs into their mouths, and looking significantly at one another. ' He has never said a kind word to me, and he beats me ; mother often reproached herself for marrying him. She cried so much that she had a pain at her heart, and then she died !' ' But who told her that Vlad her husband was dead ?' ' That, I know not.' ' Well, Neagoe, thou seest that I am not dead at all, but alive and well, and as thou art not happy, wilt thou come with me ? We can wande until we find a shelter f' ' Even if thou wert not my father, I would go with thee, gladly.' By this time several of the women had come out side their cottages. They put their hands to their mouthB, shook their heads, and said — ' Holy Mother ! only look at poor Neagoe, she ? has gone quite mad ! What would her poor mother say, if Bhe could but see her ! ' And one Baid — ' It is better she is dead.' * The Hora is tbe papular dance of the people. In every village on each Sunday, lads and lasses meet at the Hora. It is a round dance, with one hand on the shoulder, the other round tbe waist. t xhe Salbe is a necklace of gold coins which Roumanian girls wear. It indicates the amount of their Jestra, or I dowry. ( 7o be continued.) I 