THE COST OP NEWS AND COLONIAL AFPAIUS. Interesting evidence was given by Mr. C. F. Moberly Bell, manager of the 'Times,' before the Parliamentary Com mittee on the Copyright Bill on June 20. It appears that the proprietary of the leading -journal spends £50,000 a year on foreign telegrams; and Mr. Bell desires to have a twenty-four hours' copyright in thsKri telparams. cr 'onlv the right that is now conferred on the publisher of a direc tory, an auction catalogue, and a list of sales.' Lord Wolby suggested that the public would rise against a- limitation which would keep them in darkness about an important piece of news for six or seven hours. Mr. Bell replied that they would not be in darkness, because imme diately the law was passed other impor tant journals would take care to have their correspondents in those places, and then you would have proper enterprise and com petition. Viscount Knutsford rather anti cipated that the other papers referred to would not be a.ble to have their correspon dents in alivthose places, but they would come to the 'Times' and say: 'You have your correspondents here: we propose to pay you so much and we shall be at liberty to use your telegrams.' Mr. Bell agreed that that is what it might come' to, and he added: 'I may say I tried, to organise a. new service of news from Australia. I of fered to spend £ 3000 provided ten other papers would contribute £100 each, or £1000 in all. I did not get one single pa per -which would undertake. to spend £100. They said: 'No, we can get it from the 'Times.' ' ' Mrs. Robert Louis Stevenson is thus pic tured by an. American lady journalist: 'Mrs. Stevenson is a slight woman. Hei- eyes are like black velvet, sombre, inscru tible, and fathomless. Her face is' the face of a sphinx; her nose is straight and Oriental, ..there is the ghost of a dimple in her pale cheek. Her hair i3 as black as her eyes, thickly flecked with silver, cut short; falling in curls about her neck, and growing low about the temples. She is composed, intense, repressed in man ner; she makes no gestures, she sits in a large chair, both hands (loaded with bar baric rings) resting lightly oh the arms. Her very attitude again suggests the sphinx crouching in the desert. When you look at her daughter, Mrs. Rose Strong, who is with her, tropical in color, lustrous eyed, with the face of a gipsy, a sybil — you see what she must have been when Stevenson fell in love with her. Mrs. Ste venson was her husband's comrade. 'He taught me how to live,' she says, as a far away reminiscent look steals into her eyes.' The railway up the Jungfrau, Switzer land, which is 13,670 feet high, proceeds apace. About a million francs have -already been spent on this venture, a&d; the whole scheme will cost about a quarter of a mil lion. A study in top-weights^-past Melbourne Cups reviewed— see 'Referee' next issue. A most interesting special. 