<?T PAUL'S NEW PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, WANG A RATTA. hying the foundation SToNE. A very interesting ceremony was held on Wednesday afternoon, viz., the laying 0f the foundation stone of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church. There was a large assembly at 3.15 the time advertised for tie ceremony to commence. On a tem- porary platform there were the Kev. J. Hall Angus, Hev. A. 0. M'Connon, of Benalla, clerk of the Beechworth presby tery, Kev. W. H. Cooper, B A.. Beech-' worti moderator, Rev. B. A. Erskine, Bright, and Rev. J; Adams, Wesleyan minister, vVaiigaratta, together with the elders and managers of the church. The proceedings commenced by the assembly singing thelOOth Psalm, and after a prayer by the moderator, the secretary to the building fund, Mr. W. S. Murdoch, read n description of, the church as follows : — "The church is mod fied Romanesque in character. The main interior is 41 x 8 square and 22 feet high, with a vestibule, miiting-room, two entry porches and a bell tower in front. The building is of red brick, finished with cement, and New Zealand freestone dressings, and ceiled with kauri pine. The preaching platform will he raised in the south-east angle, ap proached by a door from the -'vestry, and in front of it proiision is made' for a large choir, and the pews, to seat 260 people, will radiate on a rising ' floor from -this angle- 'he floors of the front portion will be tiled, the roof of slate, and the windows all of stained leaded lights."- Mr. W. BfOKE'terON; treasurer- said : When the present church was opened in 1864 at a cost of £600, the : congregation had recently purchased a manse site where Mr. Marshall now lives for some £300, and were in debt £450. In 1874 they sold the manse site and purchased the present site for £700, "and; ten years later expended over toOO in additions to the manse. In 1891, that is 7 years ago, they began talking about a new church; and in that year by a bazaar they raised, over £600 towards its cost; ' In 1893, having adopted a design, they had plans and specifications prepare 1 - by Mr.- Geo; Allan, but then came the ' financial - crisis, and the funds being locked' up, they were brought to a standstill . unl.il May lust, when the committee, having bbt lined a proper title to the manse property .pur chased 24 years ago and purchased at a cost of £26 a piece of Crowu lands ad joining which had always been occupied is part of the site, called the congrega tion together, and pointing out that they had £563 in hand, asked them to supple ment- that amount and authorise -them to go Oil with the building. The result was very satisfactory, £185 was promised at once, and within a fortnight tnis was in creased to £330. -Messrs. Kuck and Ouiff- tniiigs were engaged to carry out, with same modifications, Mr. Allan's plans, jad tenders being invited, that of Messrs. Fowler and Wilson was accepted, and they are making very satisfactory pro gress. Our financial position is that with in old debt of £110 on the manse and au estimited total expenditure of £1350 on the new church, our liabilities will amount to £1400, to meet which we have in hand £630 and promises of £323, leaving a deficit of about £500, witch we hope to considerably reduce berore the church is opened. The minister (Rev. J. H ALL A NGU -) then stated that the architects, Messrs. Kuck and Cutmnings, had very generously presented the foundation stone, with suit- ible inscription, and the contractors, Messrs. Fowler and Wilson, had presented the silver trowel, beautifully engraved, wherewith to lay the stone. He warmly thanked those gentlemen for their kind ness. He also expressed his pleasure at the large assemblage, which proved that it was worth having t '> "0 a church, in order to see the in' -. .. ..oh was taken at the work. He then presented- the trowel, which was engraved — " This trowel was used by J. C. Marshall, Esq., laying the foundation stone of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church, Wangaratta, on 5th October, 1893," — to Mr. J. C. .Marshall, who performed the ceremony of well and truly laying the stone, the inscription on which is as follows : — "St. Paul's Presby terian Church. This stone was laid on October atli, 18lJ8, oy Jutm -o.Mrw.?imiv,- Esq. Minister, Rev. John Hall Angus. Elders, j. g. Marshall, J. Smith, and \V. Swan. Managers, \Y. K. Allan, W. S. Murdoch, R. Sabeston, W. Bickerton, A. Pinkerton, and F. R. Wright. Architects, Ruck and Cuminings, M. R.V.I. A. Coil- tractors, Fowler and Wilson." Under the stone was placed a sealed bottle containing copies of the days issue of the "Age" and " Argus;1' also the last issues of "The Ovens and Murray. Ad vertiser," " The Wangaratta Chronicle" and "Dispatch," and circular letters issued by the Rev. J. Hall Angus to his congregation. In his address, after having declared the stone well and truly laid; Mr. J. C. Marshall said: Christian friends. - It is ">y privilege to be present on this occa sion in an official capacity, J having; been delegated by my brother members of the Board of .Management of St. Paul's Church to lay the foundation stone of our new church building. I am deeply sen sible of the honor conferred upon me, at the same time I feel that this: duty wight have been placed in more efficient . hands ; however, I will do my best, relying on your forbearance to overlook' tny defects. I have thought it suitable to the occasion to refer briefly to the early history of St. Paul's Church, although there are some present who will .'be as "miliar with the subject as I.am, but they are the few, the greater num ,.r probably know little iF any thing about it. I will, ; therefore, telate as shortly as possible wliat I; know , , "tatter. 1 remember tlif? erection nf the building in which we have wor shipped so long, which dates back some r -n0ur years- Prior fc0 hbat time the Kev. D. H. Ballantyne, who was then the Presbyterian minister at Albury, used to vwt Wangaratta monthly to deliver the ospel message. The court-house was at '« time available for such services,; and he rev. gentleman used to preach, there, he services were well attended and much appreciated , and they were continued, for a considerable period. But in the course" time the Presbyterians, being fairly numerous in Wangaratta, decided :to-se- we a settled minister and also to build a AUr r ''ey the necessary - steps urefor, and Mr. J. D. Robertson was sent up early in January, 1864, as a-sup- P I- He was then a University, student, rfk p con"reaation gave him a. call on 1 ebtu.iry following, which he ac- Jpted on the 27th of the same month. enaers were invited on the 25th March ',or church building, and on the 13th pril the tender of Mr. , S, Ash worth, of ("V01' accepted for the sum of \- , ' ho building cost £600 without seai.'< 'u:i(I was opened with, a debt of £lo0. the church was opened -by the Her. D. L Tallantyne. on the 13th No- T«nber of the" satne year. The building ipve much SAtisfa!fc>ou then, and was con- wdered much in fche times for "Mgaratta, but the toP had made ftdes since then,"' the J'1 >chhad been left in the bSro«nf S'e ,,x years ago an effort was to rai new church, and a goodly sum 7? .i 1 ur the purpose mainly through lidv exettl"ns I some of the energetic ularuf a. s - the congregation, and for n. building, etc., were prepared e PurPse. But from a variety of 4j S he building project had to lie in that tv,C6' ,an< 's nly quite recently av 1 h committee has seen the B y ear to set the work in motion, let dAV' a tender for the work has been num Powler and Wilson for the wlf £I'2?7 13a- The building is- to be; the ' by Christmas, and judging by 'racto«DVu ' eaay made by the coi.- fiouhr , re scents to be no room for the hi.uj; ? mattsr. We assume tlrat foumi ! ® 's being erected on a good Hfr My friend., it will be well one 1' " ' " t our lives are built on tb » Then " The Rock of Ages.'' WB ahle to withstand any Christ is our corner stone ; On him alone we build ; "With His true' saints aloee The courts of -heaven are filled. . On His great love , Our hopes we place Of present grace And joys above. After the atoee was laid, Mr. Marshall said; I declare this stone- well aud truly 'ald-, Gd grant that it is bo, and to Him be the glory, now and for ever, amen. After the laying of the atone, the fol lowing prayer was repeated by the Rev. J. Hall Angus " In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, we lay this corner stone of an edi fice to be here erected under the name of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church, and de voted to the worship of Almighty God, ' Other foundations can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ.' 4 Tn this place may faith flourish, the fear of God, the love of the brethren. Here may the voice of prayer be c ntinually heard, the voice of rejoicing and salvation, the voice of praise and invocation of Thy most glorious and honorable name, even tbe name of the Father, and of the Fon, and of the Holy Ghost, henceforth and for ever. Amen. ' " Aftersinging the 519th hymn the minister stated that the assembly were now at liberty to lay their offerings o \ the stone, and £142 was in a short time placed on the stone by those present During the interesting portion of the ceremony, Mr. Barnes took photos of the assembly. After the business was concluded, the Wangaratta Brass Band played a number of selections, whilst afternoon ' tea was served , by the ladies. ' 