COMPLBTE STOEY. . [published bt special arbangehent.J itisiijjiniiw, MAYNE LINDSAY. I COmiOHT.] rAtftYLAii6^II EE road from Ellington toMul gary township ran, for threo or four mi I o s, through the Lectrio property. In tbo daytime it was 11 well-fro quentcd road for an up-country thoroughfare; travelling Hocks .•* and herds crawled along it .with clouds of white dust about them,' while the drovers stockwhips rang echoes from the trees; squatters and towns folk drove by with clatter of hoofs over the metal; ' and here a station hand and there a limping swagger dotted the broad white track that slid into the distance. Years before, the owner of Lectric had sown thick plantations of blue gums beside the. road, to shelter his sheep in- the cold Victorian winters when smudgy gray clouds swept np from the weather corner, and the wind raced across the open pastures, bitter, chill, and piercing; and the ruin whipped with stinging, lash into the faces of the boundary riders, splashing fetlock deep in mud across the paddocks. The seed grew to a belt of giant trees; so tall that their tops seemed to almost touch the sky, and so thick that, even at noonday, there was always a solemn twilight in their midst, where'the shredding bar rattled, and the wheezy mirth of the laughing jackasses called answering peals from the silence. The plantations loomed even more gigantic at night beside the ribbon-like road, and threw long shadows across it from their blackness. They were not cheerful company when night had dropped upon the plains, eveu when a yellow Australian moon, big and staring, bad climbed into the sky above them, to watch the belated wayfarer with friendly eye. And the two men who had ridden from the far distance out of the November night instinciively drew rein as they neared the shadow,'and let their horses straggle across the road till bridle jingled against bridle, and Walmsley, stretching out his hand, could give a friendly touch to the neck of Heavi 41 There's a desolation about these endless roads/1 ho said. "It ought to bo a relief, I suppose, after the din of Collins street, and the bustle of men all about one, but I don't know that it does not iepel me." "Ithas it's compensations," said Heavi side. " Onco a bushman, nlways a bushutan, as a rule. It would kill mo to live in Mel bourne, now." "Yes, I suppose that is the feeling that comes of hobnobbing with nature, in season and out of season, said the other. . "How black underbidding tliosp plantations are. They don't look as if they invited your \- familiarity.". ".They don't, 'and that's a fact," said Hcaviside. " They have a way of being so insolently exclusive that I prefer to ride home across the paddocks if I'm alone. And then —there's the Yaudarlo waterhole." 41 The what?" Heaviside jammed his wideawake on to his forehead, and coughed a short, embarrassed cough. They were well within the shade of the trees now, and its black fringe spread over the road and tho wire fence that bounded •it, into tho paddock beyond.- Where its ragged edge stopped came the white, moonlit plain, silent and shimmering, as far as eye could seo. " Tho Yandarlo waterhole lies in the heart of the last plantation, two miles from here," he said. ".It's a gloomy, desolato place; quite hidden by the trees, thongh it is not more than thirty yards hack from the high way. The story is that there are tilings to be seen and beard thero that—aren't there, you know; and the light of the camp fire to be seen flickering through the trees, that yet is gone when you press through to it." "Ah, ghosts?" said Walmsley, lightly. Ho was a materialist before all things. " Unsatisfactory notion, ghosts. A murder, of course, to start with P" " Well, yes. A drover named Jenkins is supposed to have stabbed his mate, ono Robert Self, and thrown him into the water one night when they were camping alongside it. Some Ellington men were passing about midnight, and saw the red gleam of a firo through tho trees, and hoard angry voices, and then a yell, and then silence. They did not think much of it at the time, but after wards inquiries began to he mode for Self, .whoso relations in Geelong wero anxious about him. They traced him out of Mulgary, and lost his tracks between there and Elling ton ; and then Jenkins was 'wanted.'^ As it happened, the latter had been working the year before on a station whero I was a jackaroo—that's seventeen years ago now— and bo I was called upon to givo liia description to the police. Middle-aged man ho was then; quiet and inoffensivo enough to all appear-; once. They nover found him after tho hue and cry began, and it was after Self's dis appearanco tbat tliero canto yarns of some thing uncanny about tho Yandarlo bole. I don't know that there is much more to say about it, but the fire and voices story still goes on, *and it's a fact that I. Lave seen the glint of light there,;and beard sounds, 'when ; I have known that there was not a living soul j withiu five miles. But 1 never .went in to investigate, and I steer through tho paddocks on dark nights, for company's sake." .'tit's a good, story," said Walmsley, thoughtfully. "Dramatic, too. Would work up well." Heaviside stiffened. "That is ray experience," he said, shortly. "I don't doubt it," said Walmsley. "I was only considering it from the literary, professional point of view. All is fish that comes into ray net, you know. It wants something more though—some clement of personal interest. ..." The dry tone jarred on Heavisido's mind, wherein bush lifo bad engendered a respect for the incomprehensible not to be found in the citybred. He threw back his head and began to whistle an irrelevant ditty, while Walmsley followed his owii train of thought in silence. They jingled on with creak of saddlo and click of lioof, and the black shadows shortened us tho inoon crept up above them. Heaviside wound up "The Sick Stockrider" melod iously, and brought his eyes down from the stars to let their glance travel into the black ness ahead. Then he caught at tho reins and checked the marc. " Personal interest, I think yon said?" he queried, .with the note of excitement in his voice. "Strikes mo'you've'got-it now. Look there I" He pointed with his forefinger at the black wall of trees that stretched before and beyond them. Walmsley, too, drew rein and followed the line begun by oatheld arm and band to whore it touched the plantation, a quarter of a milo away. " I see a bead of light," he said. "Ah! Then I am no dreamer of dreams. That light marks the Yandarlo waterhole." " Ignis fatuus," said Walmsley." "Think so ? Let's rido on a bit and watch developments. I've never seen it when I've been hero with another man before, and scepticism stimulates inquiry. Oomo on." They urged their horses into a trot, and Walmsley kept his eyes on the light as the distance lessened. Prom the merest speck of fire in the long black line it grew into a wavering, star-shaped light, gleaming faintly and yet ruddily behind tall trunks; the light that a fire gives through spaces between thickly planted trees. When tbey stopped once more, thirty or forty yards from the spot, the source of the fire, owing apparently to the depth of the plantation, was invisible, hut there was the red flicker of flames clearly reflected on the straight, towering gums, and. now flashing, now sinking, behind the under growth. ""Not much like a wilt oT the wisp, is it ? " said Heaviside. "No, it's a camp fire, plainly enough. But it seems to me it might very well— What's that?" . There broke through the trees the sound of voices high-pitched in anger; one passionate man replying to another seemingly, for no words were to bo distinguished. Then, as one arose, hoarse with rage, into a mad bellow, it was checked as suddenly as if a hand had been laid'upon the speaker's throat. I Silence hung low for the moment, and then i there rasped out, half-stified and enduring.no! longer than a breath, tho screech of u man in mortal agony. Walmsley sat motionless for the second, for that horrid cry seemed to stop the blood in his veins,-and he felt his horse wince and shiver between his knees. Life came back with the silence, and he fluug himself from the saddle. "By ■; thepinn that is playingthat devil's joke shall pay for it!" ho-said, stumbling across the road towards the trees. Heaviside had dismounted too, his heart galloping to a mad tune, but he held the reins of both horses, and he made no further advance into the night than to stride forward and clutch the other man by the shoulder. "Holdhard, old man," he said. "It's nothing moro than I told you. And heaven knows what is behind those trees." Walmsley wrested himself away. " Then it is time I knew as well," he said. " It means black mischief, and I am here to sco it throngb." "Ifc means tho old Yandarlo mystery. Han alive! That was no human voice. All the countryside knows the story." " Bah!" said Walmsley. His nerves were still jarring, and the opposition maddened him. "What do I care how the countryside blethers ? I tell you there is some devilment afoot, and if you are worth your salt you will corao with me and play tho man's part— there." And he pointed to the belt of trees, behind which still the firelight flickered. It had never occurred to Heaviside to doubt the presence of tho supernatural; nor did it now, in face of tho denial of it flung thus rudely in his face. But tho reproach that went with it had to be wiped ont, and he throw the reins over tho nearest fcncepost, and stepped deliberately forward. " Tbat last word was not in your happiest vein, Walmsley," he said quietly. "If you go, I am with tou, of course.' Stop— «>,. f W«'11 o-r. fAiMiflim* " not so fast. We'll go together." They foil into pace, and crossed the road side by side. As thoy neared tho trees the reflected light, which had shone high up among the branches, was lost to them; but thcro was still a glow, now visible, now disappearing when tho trees blocked it out as thoy moved. They leapt the ditch beside the bighwav, crossed tho broad track beyond it, cropped" close by inan^ a travelling flock crcoping wearily to some far off station, scaled the wire'fenco that bounded it, and wero in tho beginnings of the plantation, thigh-deep among rank grass, and sapling gumtrees, and driftwood lying aa the winter windshad blown it. There Walmsley paused. " "We'll go as softly as may be," ho said. We must know who is behind the trees before we take action. Can you still see the light?" - ' - < "Yes. I caught a glimmer, then." "It is out of ray range for the moment, but—oh, there it is again! Let us go ahead then, and tell me if you see anybody first. I trust your bushman's eyes tetter than my There was no word from Heaviside, but "Walmsley saw an answering nod before the next'stride left them apacoanart, with the gloom botween. Then they pfuuged forward abreast iuto the blackness, to find it lightened by the veriest shadow of the moonlight as eyes became accustomed to their surroundings. They trampled on, cautiously, for a minute. Then Walmsley's Voice muttered in Heavi sido's hearing: " the light! It's gone altogether now. Do you see anything ?" "Nothing. There is only darkness ahead, whereas we ought to be almost upon the ashes of. the fire. .The waterhole clearing must bo right in front of us." "lean see nothing but tree tranks, and the glimmer of the moon np above.. Where the deuce is that fire?" Question not to be answered. For, as he spoke, his eyes lifted momentarily to the blocks of sky that fitted the spaces between the interlaced leaves, the ground crumbled under bis feet, and he stumbled forward, falling— falling. 'The next second Heaviside's hand upon his coat collar swung him back to safety from the treacherous bank of the waterhole. " That was a narrow shave," said the rescuer. " A. man needs to watch each step he takes, in this darkness. And now let ns go. . What I told you was true enough you see, bat Lord knows what may be behind it. ; There is no fire, nor any smell of*a fire in the air—and this is the Yandarlo hole." i Walmsley planted his feet upon firm | ground and looked abont him, stricken dumb j by the lack of natural explanation. Black, 1 gleaming water, a pool ten feet across, stirred at his feet, the ripples still moving outward from where the foothold to which he had trusted had disappeared. Beyond, the gum trees hung back reluctant, and left on open space where the bark shreds were scattered, and across which a wisp of moonlight made a wavering line. A dead branch had fallen whero the ground sloped to the water, and lay half in the mud and half in the touch of the water, gleamioglike a skeleton. Nothing stirred but the rustling bark; there was no life, no movement. And, above all, there was no fire. " Well, I'm — !" said Walmsley, slowly. The mystery of the incident bewildered him, but touched him not a whit. Heaviside, on the other hand, hod hard work to keep a tight rein upon his nerves, which were less excited by the human possibilities of the cry that bad roused Walmsley to action than by the evil story of tbe waterhole, and the darkness that crowded down to it, and seemed so full of strange, vague terrors. " Corno away, old man," he said. "You have seen for yourself how it is. No human being could have trodden ont that fire in tbe time we have token to get through the plantation." Ho shivered. "Bah! There is something devilish in the place, to me. Come away." "But if . And then that shriek, Heaviside! It rings in my ears still." " Whoever uttered if is past our help," said Heaviside, and he shivered again.' The black shadows among the trees seemed to start a little nearer, and the green streak of moonlight flickered atid danced across the little clearing, to the lip of the water. Walmsley shook his head, baffled, but still unconvinced. He was racking his brain for a solution, and he was in no mood to accept defeat. He had his own conviction as to a' hidden presence in the darkness that thronged about them, and he was straining his ears to catch a tell-tale rustle or the, crackle of a fallen twig. Then suddenly, as they waited, he started, shot forward^ his head to listen and turned back to Heaviside triumphantly. "So much for your ghosts! That is a man," he said. ^ The silence of the night was broken by a distant sound, and Heaviside knew it for the scrunch of bark under the feet of someone who was approaching the further side of the waterhole from the back of the plantation, forty yards away. His quiok ear told him that there were pauses in the noise that showed the newcomer to bo a stranger like themselves, blundering through the darkness with lagging, hesitating steps. Tho know ledge relieved tho tension upon his nerves. There was nothing ghostly in the sound, and he was ready to declare, with Wulmsloy, that it was a man. " Has he too been attracted by the light, or is it our practical joker returning to the .scene of his exploit?" meditated Walmsley, half-aloud. And then ho paused, for the voice of the unknown broke from behind the trees in a quavering appeal. "Bobbie! Bobbio Self! Show a flare to tell mo where you be! It's mortal dark." Heaviside's fears started up once more. "Thename! Do youhearthe name?" he said, and caught his friend by the arm. "He is ealliug tho dead drover." Walmsley shrank back a littlo into the gloom. "It's part of the game, no doubt," he said. "And now lookers-on may see the best of it. Only—wait. Ab, bo's nearer now! Tho voice carao again, and tho scrunch of tho undergrowth grew louder. " I swear to you I be a-coming, Bobbie. For the dear Lord's sake, show a flaro!" \- There was tho noto of pitiful entreaty in the appeal. In the hush that followed .the. listeners could hear the laboured breathing of someone forcing his way painfully towards the water. Then the black wall of shadow beyond it gaped suddenly, and a man stumbled into tbe clearing, with the moon beams dancing down upon his face. He was an old man, bent and ragged, and the finger of moonlight pointed out to them a thin sunken face and straggling beard under a battered wideawake. Once in the clearing he stopped, swaying like a drunken man, and looked about him, searching the twilight with his hand ovez his eyes, like a man un I certain of his sight. Then he muttered to | [ himself, and the men beyond the waterholo I ; strained their ears to hear him. "He canna have gone away! Bobbie | wouldna play the old man false, after the | weary miles, and calling, calling, calling, a* [ the way." He raised Ms voice again. '* Ye I may hear me now Bobbie Self, for I've come J out from the never-never to do your bidding. And—I'm—tired." The voice whimpered ; like a fretful child's. "Walmsley's whisper came to Heaviside. "You know the story. Can you get the| Irift of this?" drift c But Heaviside had stepped forward with an unexpected movement. He was standing ut the edge of the water, and he lifted up his voice and spoke to the tottering figure beyond. " It is the bidding of God that has brought | you here to-night, Bake Jenkins; Robert Self will not answer you; no, not though you called to him with your last breath. But you were not brought here without purpose, and you know in your heart what that purpose is." Walmsley had started as the voice rang out, but the accent of certainty in the tone told of Heaviside's confidence in his sudden action, and he waited, breathless. The figure of the' old man straightened itself | momentarily, hut ho answered without sign ! of hesitation or surprise, j "Ay, ay! I know the purpose, hut 'twas ! Bobbie's uin voice that brought me here. And there would be them that would be ready to hear, to tell it to—I kenned that. Do ye come ower to mc, sirs, for I am an old I I man to have come a' the weary miles, and I | there is not strength for another step left in 1 j me." I Heaviside's response was to crash through j ; the undergrowth encircling the waterhoTe, ! and "Walmsley, following at his heels, found himself brought to a standstill in the little clearing, friend was kneeling on the 'ground with the old man's head upon his knee, and a hatful of water in his hand. The recumbent figure lay very still, hut the eye | moved and some words straggled out from I i the feeble lips. | " But—I didna—think—'twould be ye, j Mr. Heaviside." " My God, look at his feet!" said Walm sley. " He must have walked the breadth of ] Australia." Heaviside gave one look, and averted his eyes. It was not a pleasant sight. Then he said: '* "The man is dying of exhaustion. Can we move him, do yon think ?" Walmsley would have answered, hut the I old man had turned his head at tbe sugges tion, aud he made a futile effort to struggle into a sitting posture. '1 You will na move me, sirs. I was bidden to speak here, and 'tis here I must say it I've not many words left, I'm thinking, and yo had better hearken while ye may.". His eyes sought theirs. Heaviside felt the clammy forehead, and nodded in reply. The moou had climbed high up into the sky now, and shone down folly. It showed the dying face as clearly as might have done the day light, and it chased back the weird night shadows from tho little group. The water hole lay still in darkness, with only the faint gleam of reflected light upon its surface. "It was when wo camped here, droving Ireson's sheep from tho north. I dinnu mind now how the talk came round to her, but Bobbie was always one for the women. He didna ken—I grant ye he didna ken she was handfasted to me, and when her name ran off his tongue., I gave him the lie in his teeth. . . . But I canna doubt it was the true word, for I was never the man to take a young lassie's fancy, and he had hut to lift his little finger to them—young and old alike. . . . But I loved her—ech, sirs. I loved her purely. Aud so might any man. . :. . But it roused me, for he laughed wi' it. . . . He had always a loose manner of speech, had Bobbie—I do not say to you he had served the lassie ill. And I gave him the lie in his teeth, and he struck the word : back upon mj mouth. * • » It wasna for myself that the blood 'went to my head. . . . X should ha' known I was not a man for any lassie's fancy. ... It was the laugh that went wi' it. The knife was ready to my band—and I sent it home. , . . He fell down sideways, and he screeched . . . . he screeched." He stopped, and his eyes closed for & moment. Heaviside wiped the damp fore head again, and presently the voice went on. "Then he died, though I would ha' given dear life itself to bring him back. I dragged him to the waterhole. . . . there was a big atone that carried him down. ... After I had done it I cried to him, but ha wonldna answer me. ... I drove the sheep on, though it was scarce past midnight, on—on—till they dropped. The other man took them over, and he looked queerly at me —I must ha' been half mad by then. That scared me, and I humped my swag and went out back—out back. I would ha' looked upon her at Kooyong Hoot, but she was gone. . • . I was never the man for her." "But the coining hack?" said Walmsley, eagerly. The journalist's instinct did not desert him. The old man's head had dropped very low, but the voice flickered up again at the query. " I had waited always for his bidding, and at last he called—and I came .... calling—calling .... a' the way." Then the life flashed hack for the moment, and he raised himself upon one elbow, and his voice rang out into the darkness. "1 ha' | come back, Robbie! I ha' come back! Ton ; need na* call so loud I" I And so the story of the Yandarlo waterhole found its way to listening ears. But Walm3ley was not content. He stood back while Heaviside laid the poor travel-stained body decently upon the ground and covered it for the few hours that meant the ride out and back to the township, and he stared long at the still, gleaming water, and the silent night. What did it all mean? The plantation stirred with the whispering of the shredding bark, the leafy rustle where a little breeze was moving across the'tree tops, the occasional scuffle of a hidden rabbit. The moonlight shimmered here and there, among the trojs, but it showed only their straight tower ing columns, and the light undergrowth around them. The fresh night air,"heavy with the smell of eucalyptus, filled his nostrils and touched his "bared head with I caressing fingers. But still, with the greater mysteries of life and death about him, his brain clamoured for a solution to thatstrango first iucident. "He has not explained—the rest! And Heaviside, what impulse made you stand out and speak?" " I do not know,", said Heaviside, slowly. "What made the sight and sounds that brought us here?" And Walmsley found no answer to the question. 