I CORRESPONDENCE. ROCKHAMPTON HEEOHE CANOONA. To Hie Editor. Sir,-Tin* very interesting neeount liy Mr. .lindi's Atherton in ymir columns on Rock- hampton before Canoona caused mc lo look np some notes made liv me ni various limes, and 1 lind Mr. Atherton is a little, out in places. Mr. Atherton says Mr. Hobby Elliot was not the owner of Canoona Sta- tion, but his brother, who was buried in the garden at Gracemere. So far as I know Mr. Hobby Elliot's brother died while they were camping at the Nine-mile. He died from the effects of fever. His elder brother was speared through the month shortly be- fore Christmas 1855. The younger brother never settled at Canoona. As regards Prin- chester, Mr. Connor bad sold the station nt the lime Mr. Atherton arrived nt (he l'if leeit-mile. to Mr. li. E. King, now Crown 1'roseculor. The four men going prospect- ing may possibly hnve passed Mr. Ather- ton's camp -. but then- were live of thom, ami they spent (he rainy season nf 1858 ut Gracemere. They were II party supported by Captain (('Connel omi the inhabitants ot Gladstone. Little was heard of them. At the latter end of April Dr. Robertson had to come up from Gladstone to Grace- mere to attend a sick man. He was re- quested to ascertain the whereabouts and doings of the prospectors. I came up at the same time in the Uncle Tom. Captain Lake master, having settled my business with Mr. John Murray, then Superintendent of the Native Police, for whom I, in conjunc- tion with Kirchner, a mate of mine, had put up the native police station somewhere at the present Botanical Gardon. I joined the doctor in company with Mr. George Gan- non and an Italian shepherd. The Inlier was Hie real discoverer of (he Canoona Held. Ile. having a (lock of sheen feeding nu I he (lat, picked np between two and three ounces of coarse s|iecs of gold on the surface. Not knowing whether il was gold he showed it to Captain Channel and his party, who were put on the ground by Hie Italian. His lime al the station be- ing up. he came lo Rockhampton to procure tools ami rations to start digging. Hence be became our escort tn Canoona. On arrival wo lvooived a little over nine ounces ol gold from Cliappcl. Wc made a start, next day for Rockhampton, and arrived on (he 1st of .limo. Through n little jollifica- tion wo delayed till the nth, and look a straight line through the lints for Archer's l'ifloon-niile cattle station. On Ibo road wo lost tho doctor, who hail lagged behind. On going hack wo found bim Hal on tho ground, with a bottle of whisky in each hand, one of them half empty. That settled our day's travel. 1 emptied Ibo bottle Hint was open, and planted the other. During the night we bad water and lollies. Chap pel, who was fond of them, had a stock of two pounds. Next morning, half dead with mosquito bites, wo made Mr. Atherton's camp, whore wo hud a pint of len, some mont, mid damper. I certainly do not re- member Ihal we told Mr. Alberton the gold belonged to ns, ns tho doctor nnd myself hud no hand in the getting of it. Chappel had no claim on it eil her, as bc was n paid servant of tho Gladstone people. Tho fourth man of Mr. Atherton is wanting, mid per- haps lingers about the Eifteon-milc camp us a ghost. .However, we arrived on the Kt li nt Gladstone. On thc !lth Captain Phillip Hardy, master of thc Albion, sailed with the gold for Sydney, and on the 17th of duly wo lind over ñllOtl people from Kep ppl Hay on their way to Canoona. It is asserted Hint over 17.000 people nrrived either via Gladstone or Keppel Hay, It is well known that thc New South Wales nnd Victorian Governments paid tho passage nf a number back to their homes. Mr. II. I'riend, sein-., Gladstone, is tho only man who eau correct any mistake 1 may have mnde. te J.F. Danker Rockhampton, 28th November 1898. 