TIE STORY-TELLER. THE BORGIA RING. [By Wanderer.] £>omc time ago, 'while turning over the treasures of a eui io dealer in Search of an antique seal which I had been commis si onod to buy for a friend I came across a moat extraordinary ring. Jt was a oroau, heavy, gold band, its plainness only relieved by an exquisitely-chased rosebud., the ieaves and petals of which were reproduced with startling fidelity. The design was a sulti eieiitly peculiar one, and yet I was oppres sed with the idea that 1 had previously seen either this identical ring or a fac simile of it. For some moments I stood < turning it over in my band, barking back in my memory for a solution of the puzzle, when my musings were interrupted by the sharp, business-like voice of the dealer. "Fascinated by my Borgia ring, Mr. YoungV" he was saying. "I. only wish it was an original. You see, I'm honest with you; it's only a. copy. I saw the genuine article many years ago, and tried, to buy it; but no offer could tempt its possessor to part with it, so I got this one made mdne as a curiosity than with any idea of selling it. I have made it a rule never to attempt, knowingly, to palm off frauds on my customers." The word "Borgia" supplied the clue which my laggard memory sought. I re membered as though it were yesterday where 1 had seen that other ring, and Seemed to heal- again the high - pitched, quavering voice telling me the tale of dia bolical revenge connected with it. Finish ing my business with the dealer, I walked homewards, each moment bringing more clearly before my mind that long-forgotten story of love and jealousy, and carrying me hack to a, time when, for me, all the world was young, and black care had not yet mounted behind me. It is now more yearn ago than,! care to think of since 1 occupied those dingy, old lodgings in the Latin Quarter, a Bohemian of Bohemians, spending my days in somewhat spasmodic efforts to master the anatomy of the human form divine in various Hospitals, while my nights were devoted to the same pursuit, under slightly different circum stances, in the Moulin llouge, or some equally disreputable haunt of the genus student. All, .those were happy days. Poor we undoubtedly were, for our money went quickly; and those of us who were fortu nate enough to have more than they wanted could always find some poor devil who had not a sou wherewith to bless himself to share their plenty; but what reeked we of hunger or cold? Was there not the dejeu ner a quatre sous to assuage the former, and the can-can in .one ot the many dancing hells of Monmaitre to chase away all re membrance of the latter. If was a wild, rackc.tty life, the rather questionable joys I of which would soon pall upon one now; but then we had that talisman, glorious youth, whit;]; knows not ennui, and oasis a glamour over cvyi the most sordid surroundings. Jn the next j apartment to mine, up four flights of dark ] evil-smelling stairs, lived an old man who was rather a mystery to his fellow lod gers. As he indulged iu the unwonted luxury of two rooms he was reported to he fabulously wealthy. Endless were the ; surmises as to who he was, whence lie had come, where he got his money, but Alailrc Francois, as the old gentleman was called, quietly baflhal all attempts to pump him, refusing to allow any person wind ever, even the concierge, to enter his rooms, from whk-h be vew rarely emerged save to pay a monthly visit to the Bank, or to buy bis modest stock of provisions at the 'market in the next street. He had lived thus tor years, hermit.-]ike, bis books his only companions, neither writing nor receiving any letters; as much alone, in fact, as though he were the sole inhabi tant of some desert isle. About twelve months after 1 became his neighbour f made his acquaintance acrid' ntnllv, through rendering him a slight service, the importance of which he was pleased to greatly exaggerate. Gna afternoon, as I reached the landing on wiiieh my room wan minuted, ]. mot Maitre Franco'?' curl ing from his apa.it.ment carrying his bas ket. dust as v.e passed each other the o:d man tripped, and would have un doubtedly pitched headlong down the ^tail's, had J not grabbed him by the coat tails in the nick of I:inc. lie was pro!use in his expressions of gratitude, odli'gg me hit. "preserver," and embracing me in true Gallic fashion. "You outrht to be more careful, Mon sieur," 1 said, "or ralher the landlord of this vile barrack should be prosecuted for not having his stairs lighted. 1 neve many times almost broken my own neck in the villainous place. Let me assist you back to your room." Alaitre Francois was trembling vio lently; lie was old, and the shock had un nerved him. Leaning heavily on my arm lie slowly retraced his steps to his own door, where he paused and said: — "Pardfln me if I am rude enough to hid yon good-by, or good afternoon, here. For years no stranger lias parsed my threshold, and I am too much unset now to receive you suitably. If y;on will honour me. however, by dining with mc to- mor row evening, I will he better able to ex press ttiv gratitude by that time. I think J shall lie down now for a while; till to morrow, then, an plaisir;" and, shaking me warmly by tlm hand, the recluse re tired into' his sitting-room, closing and locking the d$or behind him. All that night and the next day I could do nothing but think of ruy queer neigh bour/and as 'the dinner-hour drew nigh I was consumed witb-curiosity m to JioW &. would receive me, .Hifl speech ananuujnw duringthe lev moiaeiitis we hair affeam v conversed assured jnethat'lie -wa* ^ordp narjr mall. The bourgeois air which «„ stamped indelibly on the • middl^dass [ Frenchman of the retired ehopkeemer ««■?? was in him entirely, absent; indeed; Jus accent and the coartly .bow with which he dismissed hike spoke rather of the Fanbonrg Bfc. Germain, in the days when that arista ei'atie locality was inhabited by none save thc'Se Whd counted at least sixteen quarj tarings in their coat of arms. My wild comrades, to whom Maitre Francois was as well .known -by reputation as to myself, ( Joked and chaffed me unmercifully on my "conquest^' as they.were pleased to call it "Ahy coquin," exclaimed one, "1. believe you tripped him yourself, so that yon might get into his good books by picking hiin tip when he fefl." ■ , "lie will turn out to be fl fairy prince With a lovely daughter," laughed another^ "and one day we shall see Jules riding off With her1 in a Carriage and four, with a hew coat, and a swell hat, and a Clean riiirt, to Jive in k big chateau, where.be will forget all about little Elsie and his 61a friends at the 'Quarter,'" "It is my belief," said a third, With mock solemnity, "that Maitre Francois is a Vftmpire, who steals out at night to suck the blood of young girls, and that he will devour Jules for a change. Farewell, mon ami," . taking Out a very dingy pocket* handkerchief and wiping his eyes;, for* give me that I shed a tear at the recoilcm tion of our many sprees, and the thought of your impending fate. Go, tlieri, and a there he enough of you left to make a sub ject' rest tranquil in the assurance that wo, your' friends, will dissect your body with the same thoroughness with which We, have often pulled to pieces your character. After doing my devoir in these friendly little tilts of wit, I left my companions and proceeded to my lodgings, there to make myself as presentable as my rather limited wardrobe would permit. After carefully weighing in the balance the respective merits of a velvet jacket and an ancient frock, as well-known at the neighbouring Mcnte-de-pete as the Manager himself, J determined that the former was most in keeping with my , somewhat rakish appearance, and, having donned it and given my hair a final brush, I crossed the landing and knocked at; Maine Francois' door. It was opened almost immediately by the hermit in person, who greeted rnc effusively, ami drew me into the room, closing the door carefully after me The apartment was brilhanily lighted up bv a beautiful crystal lamp which hung from' the ceiling, and as I gazed around me n.y astonishment was so great, that tot the moment I could not reply to my host s words of welcome. 'J be room was tsuly large, and furnished with an utter oisre pnrd of cost. On every side wore chairs and ottomans, quaintly carved, and up holstered in velvet ami gold; in the corners and round the walls were cabnicls and whatnots, whose value, great as it wis, faded into, insignificance beside that of the priceless array of Sevres china and vases, levelled fans and daggers, Carrara. marbles and Etruscan bronzes, travs of cut and un cut precious stones, winch littered them in lavish profusion. On the walls were a few pictures, which even my inexperienced eve told me they were worth many thousands of francs, while over the fire place was a trophy composed of every known description of sword, from Wie short straight Roman blade to the curving Turkish scimitar, whose jewelled hut flashed bark the lamp light in a blaze of bewildering coruscations. A small, round, table directly under the lamp was set lot dinner with a snow-white cloth, on which olitteved silver cups and flasks, dishes' and Brit cellars, which with their delicate ebnsimr, telling of the palmy days of Jtelian art, would have turned a collector green with envy. I rubbed my eyes nod pinched myself te see whether I was awake or only dreaming 1 lie contrast be tween the squalor and dirti outside the door and this veritable treasure chamber within was so great that one might readily have been forgiven for doubting the evi dence of his own senses. ,. , "You are astonished, my friend, fo find so rrtanv evidences of civilization in such place'," said Maitre Francois, with tt smile. "When I retired from film world for good some iwenty-live years ago, the fancy took me to surround myself with these old friends, so that 1 might with their aid kezp green the _ memory of wv En I, licit; J. am, teJJung foolishly, and forgetting that you arc doubtless hungry. Let us dine." The oM man led me to my seat across n ("ivivr in vliirh one sank to the ankles at m-crv 'sf: P, and then, turning to a small irr.s s'.we which took the place of a grate, proceeded to place our icpaiAi upon the table. . .. . , , "1 am )'iv own cke.f, inoir-wur, mud he, busvimr himself vHl. the dishes, 'so yon mint pardon any little faints in the <ook "'l' Smiled as T nvurcd him that, 1 was oarifv satisfied. What a comedy it was. An aristocrat with the manicn of a <rOrany apologising to a ragged medical Htrdm,t for the fan,1s of a dinner sue!) as vouhl have cost at burn t a luindmd . rancs i a bead at Verv's White he ^'Y Mil i ur> 1 h»d a good loco; aV. my h'W it is \ suow-wliilc hair and ntte minted frame, : (.lad jr a gorgeous emoroidcj-crl ones ng i gm'YYYkM I - ted of great acre, bnf when ! he looked ub and 1 mt tee spanre of his i da-k eves, undr,emed and keen as tlm-i- of : a liov, the need appeal aneo seemed to : vaul -h a- if. W magic, to return directly i lie turned his beck. | The dinner nro-cd to he worthy of the : '"H on which it was scire/.—one could i give it no briber praise-wmk> tuc vines , were of a bounnct and flavour surii as T ; pad never dvraincd of before. Able wc i dimid. Mnit.ro Francos almost monopolized the conversation, and I was well content to sit and list-n. . lie seemed to know c-orvf-hina. Whatever the subject—and • o.-.r ta'k that night ran in many diauncs— ) ,, nm-r-nrcd te have it. at his fingers ends. 1-i'bs forte, however, was mediaeval 1ns teu-v. 1 could have liste-m-d }qr horns to his stirring descripfions of bfrs in the mid dle ages, when might was right, and he erir.U--t man was he who could grau the most, and lin.ua on to his stolen property the longest.. IT" was full of anecdotes of the Borgia Family in particular, holding that they were a. much-maligned race. "They cutninlv had some methods oi disposing of their enemies which seem rather drastic to ns, he said, but tlmy were no worse than their neighbours. By the way, I have something here wlucn once belonged to f.acsar Borgia, which £ va.ue move than all my other possessions. Jt wi'l serve to illustrate my meaning. Ho rose as he spoke, and, going over to one of the cabinets, took from ,'t a small morocco case. Returning to his seat, ho placed the case on the tabic and opened it, displaying to my gaze a heavy gold ring, perfectly plain, except tor the chasing of a rosebud on one. side. - "Tliis looks an innocent bauble enough, said Maitre Francois, taking the ring from ics velvet nest, "but Ire careful when hand ling its not to pre® that rosebud.. B y1™ should do so, not all the doctors m Paris ooulfi save you. Only fvo of these nngs ^^^^PpjWs #ui .^::i^0|^j^^iSi|>^ iF#¥^j»S£ i,n*»Y3ovaV j\\( **> *» :^X»V^v1 Yl >,£■« J:^i-: '•-- :^l^l- i^i-s 1Y. ■ ^ .. .„ ,-wu -wmv -fjwu. n|jin.tiKriWttVft>W■1JW ., place/ hidmgfeveiy" trace iff tlac deadly little <|>ofot :thj$ layjsb 'iuiaglyi;icioac^3ea ; within. ;'.";;b"~--'^;;; ;<^:- >,~:l^< jrr-^Awi.-f^aitt: straite itiflt this 3s j^tohovis jl nowI'M hfclied, taking the *uig fin «iy hand 'Y V .v-»:::' -■■"'Y'' "SiUet'k,echoed Maitre Frfmeois.-;■ *.y«s, :vJ m^iMi'WKt For, heaven's ittfcfejtafefe \- care;B as I '|M;»jr finger ok 4 ths;rossei ~bud,"do aot touch' the chasing. - -One little '. *• *1 #*4^ tk»a-.-t.JM *-. 1- ■' - '•- - h* . .• coufeumes you ymicheart as iy. it™. ■ nave *no name nere, ninself upon the breast,, "which day and night, no hell in „... black as thefahled, Tophetj _ ofthe Christian, And yet, were it m be i dottjS ag^ih, I would not hesitate. No, I would seek to invent some new tjorture for : the perjured villain. Curse himl curse; f WSnl But what am i saying? Forgive toe, inon ami, my mind vvoncEerS sometimes, and I repeat Hues of foreotten tragedies. "Will you be" offended if I tell you that I ant Wary tioW, and would fain rest? Thfc j unaccustomed excitement of a visitor ha8 worn me out." * a I took the hint at once and.rose to go. "I need not ask you, I am sure," said Maifcre Francois as lie took my hand, "to he silent as to what you have Seen here. 1'iic knowledge ihatj I possess these trinkets,'' waving his hand towards the treasures which lay scattered around, "might arouse the cupidity of some of my neighbours, and so cause me endless worry. But you will say nothing, I know. Good night, my preserver, I will let you know ; yvnen I can receive you again." I assured him that I would be discreet, | and the next moment 1 was out on the ! landing again, feeling as though I had just j awakened from a dream. It was long ere j I slept that niglit. The various astounding | incidents of the evening passed 111 review j before my mind's eye, but most of all my 1 thoughts dwelt upon the Borgia, ring, and ' the violent emotions which it had raised j in my host. I felt sure that there Was j some dark mystery connected with it, but 1 what it Was I could not even guess. 1 j little thought then that ere a mouth liao j 0sed I would be in possession of all the eous facts. After that evening my life went on much ad usual, hut 1 took to remaining jn my room at nights, expecting another invita tion from Maitre. Francois. But I waited ! in vain, for all the sign he made I might I never have seen him. Just as I was giving ujt hope, and thinking of joining my 1 friends again in their nightly revels, what j I had been Waiting for came. "On return- j ing to my room one afternoon, 1 found a I note 'Which had been pushed under the 1 door during my absence. Opening it, I read in tVemblin# and uneven lines— "klaitrc Francois wishes to see his young friend to-night. He is ill; perhaps dying Gome at once." With One stride I reached the old man's door and knocked. A feeble voice bade me enter, and 1 opened the door. For the \- moment 1 stood gazing in astonishment at the altered appearance of the room. Not a vestige remained of the luxury anil wealth which had filled the place to overflowing, sa.Ve only the lamp which hung from the ceiling. All the rest had disappeared, carpet, cabinets, jewels, pictures, every thing, in fact, more than half the apart ment being filled with huge packing cases securely nailed down. 1 was recalled to myself by the sound of my host's voice. "You are noting the absence of my nick nacks," he said, rising painfully from an armchair which was drawn up in front of the stove. "They arc all -in those cases, readv to lie taken a.way. I felt that I had not long to live, so I packed them up while 1 had vulficient strength." As 1 took the old man's band, and looked into his face, I was shocked at the change which I saw there. It was evident that his days were numbered. I mur mured a hope that he might soon be well, but he cut me short. "No, no," said he, "you know that I shall never be well again in this world, and as for the next well, we shall see what we shall see. Sit down, my young friend; 1 have j) story to tell you. Why I should confide in you I know not, except that I like you, and would_fain save you from future misery by relating to. yon the history of the madness and crime, yes, crime, which led me to efface myself from the world. Take warning, then, and shun the society of women as you would a snake, .nay, more, for the snake will give you the happy release; woman will only make your life one long torture. It is needless to tell yon mv name. Once there was none more honoured in France; now, it is happily forgotten, A great career lay open before mt when, at the age of twenty-five, ) met her. Before I had known her live minutes I loved lier, loved her as only a man loves once in a century. Fools tali; about the power of man; what is the strength of the greatest man that ever was born compared to the weakness of a woman? What was the man of iron, Anthony, after Cleopatra had cast her spell upon him? A lovesick' idiot, who bartered a world for the smiles of a wanton. Who won the battle of Waterloo? Was it Wellington? No, it was the woman from whose arms Grow-by could not tear' himself away, who allowed Bluphcr to come up and turn a- del cat into a victory. 'J! s' amuse a Oemhloux,' said the great Xwpoleon bit terly, when his recreant General failed to appear, forgetting that he himself had well nigh made shipwreck of his cause on ac count of a woman. But why multiply in stances? Since the days of Jive they have been blrayera ever, and woe to the man who falls into their toils. For some monthB jny courtship ran smoothly. I was wealthy and belonged to a noble house, so tbe girl's parents received me with open arms. She herself confessed with downcast eyes, and all the other tricks in which women are so perfect, that her heart was mine alone, and I left her presence treading on air. Poor fool! At that moment she was secretly encouraging my most jjitimate friend,grant ing him stolen interviews when she was supposed to he asleep and dreaming of me. It were too long a. tale to tell of how my suspicious were at length aroused, and how by keeping a strict watch upon her house I .learned the whole horrid truth. From that jnomcht I Jived but for revenge. At first, I thought of calling out my perfidious friend and shootiug him, but I soon dis missed that project. ?dy vengeance must be more sweeping, more complete. No ordi pSyraf^to|i3[rt|o5%^is5?a 4*^Sn«ia#*3^|' Si■■&&&&&"' ^thtoe.Iliadpro a.aouot, ^S^3^i^tijag"d»5|i^^8^!>)^to;|^b! ^uu4-«av uu vraue Avuuiem vi iwwvuvwwjj; 7 ^ftittil 4b^;. aiy 'MalySfe'^r the wa*6& ©£. ammals aiain4}y1t;;" Witbihis ^njgj HieiL; "" " " " *""' ' " ' ' rid I jdetermmed to strike my false friend;atid ih such^a.Vray -as to make hia uiid the lady 8 relations "known to the World. •,-- Without that iuy revengewould hfive been shorn of. half its |oya. ■■..•■'■•''■.■-::T; ,-'<■• - "-: ■-. twaiched; patiently ktohti&hid;:■ ..In; the shriibbety, till at length one' nigbt-I; saw myirienaelimb the watt of my fiancees garden, take a ladder from the toohaouse, and place it agamstthe ledge of s window, wldwr W&irthen; cautiously^ opsned.xfin>tiv witinjb Humung lightly up the ladder, be l disappeared into tits room, and the win dow was again partly closed. Now was say. tame. ; Turning my deadly .ring on my finger, so that the rosebud Was inside, I crept cautiously to the ladder mid began to ascend. As my bead approachedthe window I Would bear the ye ices within murmuring terms of endearment in low guarded tones. The next instant I threw up the sash and sprang into the room, alighting right before a couch, on which sat my friend and my promised Wife, his arms around her, and her head- nestling oh bis shoulder. My huddeft appearance paralysed them. Neither 'fnoved,' tut sat staring at me as though I were a ' ghost; Ere he could recover from bis astonishment, I seized the villain's hand and gripped it hard. His Hps parted, hull no sound issued from them. The poison had done its work with lightning speed, and without a gasp even, his head fell hack against the couch, and lie was dead. One wild scream hurst from the horrified woman; the next, moment she had joined her lover in eternity. Uni ting to the win dow, I descended the ladder and rushed from the* snot, finally regaining my chambers without being observed. The double murder, or suicide, none could tell which, created a tremendous sensation. . The -utmost ingenuity of the detective force was expended in vain efforts to solve the mystery, which gradu ally dropped out of people's memory into that oblivion in which it has since re mained. As for me, / was, of course, heartbroken, my grief giving iije a good ex cuse for retiring from society for a lime. Pretending that I was about to set out on an extended tour of the world, I said good-by In all my acquaintances, and came to these rooms, which 1 had previously caused to be prepared for mc, and 5i) which I have lived ever since, struggling vainly to acquire that peace of mind which I am new convinced is only to be found in the grave. Ah, well, it shall soon be mine new. Have T wearied you with my tale? "You do not timl from me because I re venged myself? No? Good! When lay time does come, J will remember yo.u. You will nolj regret having listened to a fool ish old man who wished to unbosom him self.of a secret that weighed heavily oh his mind." k!nitre Francois seemed bl ighter when I took leave of him that night, Willi the as surance that 1 would come and see him every day. I never fulfilled my promise, however. Next morning a telegram called me to the bedside of a dying sister, and when I retutned to my lodgings after an absence of some weeks, I found that the hermit, had died suddenly shortly after my departure, and that his lawyers );;>d token possession of all his effects. To this day f, am ignorant of his name; in fact, I had quite forgotten that such a man ever existed, until the sight of the imitation Borgia ring recalled him to my mind, and set me wondering again, as I had wondered before, if be had not hastened his own end by the same means by which he had accom plished his revenge. 