QUESTIONS HEARD UN THE CROWD. How the new Opposition leader likes his job V How many of the Citizens' Reform ?' candidates will be returned ? What constitutes the attraction for women In certain police court trials ? Whether leprosy is thought much more of in Queensland than toothache i What concession the Labor Party Is to receive for swallowing the tea tnx V ?Whether, In the opinion of French men, Russia Is an 'ally' worth hav Whether Mr. B. «? W'HC ll00H n,ot owe his seat to Mr. Bnvioter's mis takes V Why some of the members of tho Reform Committee do not stand for the City Council V Whether recent congratulations as to the decrease in Inrrlklnlsm wero not slightly previous V . Whether the new blood proposed to ho Introduced into the City Council la much superior to the old ? Whether there has been any demand on the part of political paupers to be placed on a tax-paying footing V Whether the Sunday beer question i should not be a burning one in such weather an we have been having ? Whether the question of foreign com petition with British trad*; in Australia 1b not woi'th earnest consideration V Whether, in vlow of the fact that n Vice-Regal punter 'lias a bit on,' com mon people (should be lined for doing ' the sumo. thing V Wliother the Gorman Emperor would, like liln Majesty of China, bo better oft: with an old lady to tuko euro \ -ot hie roiiponNiltle. funetloniijf ? *. — -'-^iii^^**^'1'^'''*'' i*''''''''' -*i''''^*''r^'**1 ' -' ? *' The Westranon Government have In troduced a new' test of eligibility for their Civil Service, consisting In tho fact of having a wife and family in the colony. The ollicial who Is crimi nal enough to leave bin responsibilities In another colony will run the risk of losing his billet. Probably, however, the authorities think that If his own wife doos not happen to be on the spot a truly zealous odleer should show his loyalty to his adopted colony by patro nising local productions. « * * The 'bus-drivers who pass along Castlereagh- street on Sundays must be getting more mystilled than ever. Last week it was decided that they might THE SUNDAY OPENING OF' HOTELS. THE POT .AND THE KETTLE. 'OH, YOU NAUQHTV MAN— YOU SHOULDN'T WORK ON SUNDAY I' ' trot past the Socialist service, but thla weok they llnd it Avould bo sacrilege ' to travel at any pace faster than a walk whilst passing tlio Australian Church, tflie best thing they can do now 1b to appoint a doctrinal com mittee to ascertain and report on the precise degree of orthodoxy which will ? necessitate a Avalk past. t- -ii * Sturdy beggars are to ho strictly sup -reHHcrt in future by the charity orga nisations. There In to be a committee; In every suburb to deal with dlfitresti, and tho only drawback is that Impecu nious persons who arc not; sturdy, and who'nro not beggars, will run u good deal of. risk1 of being auppvcfmod alm-' before the committees find out the, fact of their existence. Anyhow, destitu tion will be stamped out oue way or other. . - « * ? The power of sugar In politics has long been notorious, so that it Is not surprising that it has helped to swee ten the Ministerial cup of tea during the past ?week. The lollipop Membera were, in fiiet, masters of the situation, and naturally refused to bite the hand that held out the bon-bon, so Barton was nowhere when Held came along with the hundreds and thousands, ? » * * '? Poor Mr. Bavlster seems to have made a sad mess, of that petition of his against his Wise and successful op ponent. In the Hist try ho signed the document In tho wrong place, and as .Parliament ia such a stickler' for doing the right thing it w,as naturally ruled out of order. Then, perhaps, not hav ing a second £50 luindy, or from know ledge he had of 'his late associates,' thinking one fCO was enough to trust them with, he got ,bowlod out In his second attempt also. It. In said, how ever/that the deposit, will b« returnou'. 1 Probably! Mr. H-'s feelings will be simi lar .to those of the darkey preacher, who, having sent IiIh hat round tho . congregation and having It returned Without a cent, devoutly thanked Hea ven for getting hln hut .back. Ili the event of Now South Wales be ing well captained, it should prove the champion colony at cricket this season. ♦ ♦ ' « ' ? ? George Giffen's star is waning— 2 and 3 with the bat and two wickets for 17T runs being his worst achievement in any match against Victoria. ♦ ? ? ? 'Fat-headed fool' is the latest ele gant alliterative addition to the Par liamentary vocabulary. If the public are to believe only half of what Mem bers say of each other, what an Infe rior lot of people they must be, and yet . they ought to know. ♦ «. ♦ Bit by bit tho refuges for unfor tunate defaulters are being taken away. The latest of these to go is Chill, which was one of the burst boomster's safest retreats. Intending .? defalcators had better be up and doing before every retreat. Is cut off by thoso -arbitrary extradition treaties. ♦ * ? The Transit Commissioners have de cided that the question of providing Heating accommodation for tho travel ling public at Circular Quay is not a matter concerning the Board. Of coin-Be, it would be absurd for anyone to think that it would bother iteeir about anything likely to be of advan tage to the public. ♦ ♦ ♦ A lady has boon trying to prove that with the help of scientific. cookery an ordinary individual can live In this co lony on 7id a day. It Is only fair, how over, to say that this calculation. was made before tho new duties came into operation. Mr. Reid is determined that New South Wales shall not Ho under such a reproach if he can help ♦ * * .-..??::?, . ? Er. Heydon, who brought tl,iO:^i;)tle(| ; cholera germs into Victoria, ' I'-Ig' ':? 'ti|3t^E.v;p( claiming £300 for being ?fleprj-^^^fcf their services. Consideringi:tlvrtfe(Jt|e^'W| had never got to work, this 'aee'ms';.^',^ ther high. He hasn't yet proved -tJiifijcvY they were the genuine article at all-—' ;|. they may have been nothing, but com- 'Y paratively harinlep« bacilli of inensle« '! or mumps. If the doctor wanted to prove his claim, he should have kept' a. \ germ or two and -tried It on himself aa a guarantee of good faith. ♦ . * ?♦...- In these dnya of. women's righto an-T' ' hox problems, It neonis a dreadfully . barbarous, not to say arbitrary, net for a magistrate to object to the presence of ladies in a court when a particular ly unclean sex case is being heard. What Is the use of this being the nine teenth century, and the tall end of It at that, if women can't; go anywhere . and hoar anything they like. The rush of ladles when anything oil that kind is on is surely only a symptom of tho emancipation of women from oldfash ioned social restraints, anfl yet there arc squeamish people who think that: when women are locked up they ought: to get. female attendance. A course of police court, cases ' will soon help them to get over that sort of nonsense. . . ♦ * * It's no wonder tho Dons got licked by tho Yankees if tho former treated their troops as shabbily as the Havana sol diers wore In being kept; without their pay. lighting Is all very well in Its way, but it's only natuunl that the men who do It should expect, to -get their wages paid punctually. Even honor ? nnd glory wouldn't; count much when the ghost failed to wnlk on Rnturdiiy :. night, and for a number of Saturday'/-' night h in hmcwshjoji, font when all the glory was won- by the enemy, It's no - wonder that, the Spaniards began to* worry General Blanco' for their ' bftck ;. pay. ' Now, as a precautionary ni'ca cufo against further douuuulK -'.of tho name kind, cannons have boon placed In the streets of Havana and manned '?? with picked troops, with n vlow of paying future malcontents with solid shot instead- of' coin of the realm. It- Is to be hoped, however, that; the or- . tlllerymen will bo paid as well as pick ed, or awkward complications' may ro- 7, ? milt.. , . ;.. - ? ?- - '??_?..?.- .?'?.??'-',?/.:)$';- 