ESK RIFLE CLUiT. A MLITIARY DIISPJAY. LONG-FORD, Wednesday. A military entertainment in. aid of the Esk Rifle Company funds vwas held in the Foresters' Hall last n:ight, and wab weel patronised. Owing to in dispostion, Lieutenant-Coylone,1' Wallack was unable to attend. The officers pre sent were Licutenmant-Colonel Martin, Captains Perceval, 'Chapman, and Ardher, and Lieutenants IHerilta.ge, Craslee, and Cole, besides a large num her 'of privates of 'the 2n'd .Battalion. The programme consisted principally t o" a display by the m:elmbens of the Launcestoni Rifle Gymnnasiumn, con ducted by Sergeant-WMalor Costello, and Included bayonet exercise, exthibiitt'onas of fencing, physieal training, 'physical drill with rifles, sword and bayonet, sword v. sword, and paralleil and hoTizantal bar perfo-rman:ces. Master Percy Costello took part in, the latter, 'and was loudly aipplauded for his clever feats. Vocal solos were also rcpnd.erca by l'rs. Cartwriighi., :el iss Jones, 1Mr. Harinlgton, Liet. CGode (Cressy), Corporal. M'Clymnnt?, and Pri vate Earle; two pianoforte solos were contributed by nugler MceLoughfl.ini. No end??cre?, were allowcd, as a, Cind', rella. 'as held after thlt performance. Erivate Owen\ and Captain Archer car rirl out the duties of secretary and itreLsurer respectiviedly. . The visiting officers and men, were subsequemnitly entertained at 'supper at tha Queen's Arms iHotel, wheo IhOc usual loyal toasts were prop?sed and rtsponrded to. ., If the streets of London, were put end to end, they would reach to St. Petersburg. The Italians always oarry their money, together with their passports, in long tin tubes. There are nearly 19,000 hounds mi;ln tained In the United Kingdlom exclu sively for hunting purposes. An average of three British seamen lose tlheir lives every diay by drowning, and 300 BrIftish steamers and sailing vessels are lost yearly at sea, On one occasion Judge Porter, a popular Irish magistrate,,pronouncing the sentence of the court, said to a notorious drunkard -"You will be confined in, gaol for the longest period the law will allow, and I sincerely hope you will devote some por tion of the time to cursing whisky." "By the powers, I will," was the reply, "and Porter, too." Agent-"Allow me to show you, sir, our wonderful new talking machine, which" \- Henry Peck-"Great Caesar's ghost! I have one at home; I'm a married man!" 