ST ALBAN'S CHURCH, ARMA DALE- A most interesting ceremony took place on Saturday afternoon last, when the Lord Bishop of Melbourne, Dr. Field Flowers Goe, assisted by Canon C. J. Godby, of St. George's, Malvern, tho incum bent uf St. Alban's, tbe Rev. B. Newport White, and a number of clergymen, laid the foundation stone of the new church, ihe ceremony took placo at 4 o'clock, and in the presence of a large number of parishioners and friends. After a space the Hev. H. Christie led tbe procession of choral digni tarica from the old church to the site of i ho new. On arriving upon the raised dais where the choir was assembled, and an organ placed, tbe incumbent commenced the opening passages of the order of service to be observed on the laying of the foun dation atone. Then the Biahop re minded his hearers that ' Except the Lord built the house, their labour is but lost that built it, ex cept the Lord keep the city, the watchman waketh but in vain.' After a prayer the choir eang tbe 84th p-ulm commencing 44 0 how amiable are thy dwellings, thou Lord of Hosts !' The Bev. C »non Godby read the leason which was taken from I Cor. iii., 9. At this stage Ibe incumbent took the opportunity of addressing a few remarks to those s6i»erubled. He said that sincethepaiisli hnd been formed attempts bad been made on and off to erect a permanent building, but it was only during the last two years that any practical results had been achieved. In that space £1,000 had been obtained in free, will offer ings, and in the euly part of August last the guardians had signed a con tract for the sum of £1,121 with the option of completing the whole part of the new church, which it is proposed to crect at present for the additional rum of between £900 and £1,000. The present section of the contrac* would finiah all the brick B;id atone work, but then there would remaiu tho furnishing of the church to bo done before it could be used. Tho fin»t contract comprised tbe chancel, nave, and aiales. It was nectary that a further sum of ni-mt-y. about £l,()00, should be in hutid before tha guurdinns could flrHil themselves of the option under tho contract. A ft* r the recitals of the articles of belief the guardians placed io the ea\ity beneath tho ftone a glass tube cohtaining a immorial, setting forth tho occusion, some coins, and the curr« lit newapapera of the day. The stone itself is upon Orrong-road, and faces the east It bears the following inscription : — This Stoke Was Laid Bt THE Right Rev. F, F. Goe, D.D., Bishop of Mbluoobnk, November I 2th, 1898. The Bev. B. Nkwpjbt Whitb, Incumbent. Inskipakd Butlub, Auchitects. The Bishop tapped the stone with a silver trowel presented to him for the occasion, saying 'In the faith of Christ, and with prayer for the blessing of God, I lay this founda tion Btone of a church to be called St. Alban's. in the name of tbe Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost, Amen/' Hymns and prayers followed, and the Bishop delivered a short address, in the course of which he congratulated the parishioners on having so far succeeded with their church, and trusted their united efforts would soon give them a com pleted St. Alban's. 1 Offerings were then received and the sum of £33 obtained together with £8 already promised. The proceedings taken terminated with the invocation of a blessing. The plans of the completed church show a most handsome structure with a tower and spire. The latter will he a land mark, for the site of thechuich is on one of the highest plateaux of Mount Erica. The por tion of tbe church now being com. menced will accommodate 350 wor shippers, and is expected to be com pleted about April. The builder is Mr. George Pain. The New South Wales Bowling team waa entertained la6t Saturday by Mr. Charles Wood, Kaison-lodgp, Malvern, rrevinus to Ihe vipit to Mr. Wood's houie, the executive committee, were taken for a drive. Proceeding down Bourke street, tbe party were driven across Prince's bridge and ronod the Albcrt-pai k Lake, ibence through Prahran to Toorak. The visitors were much pleased with the drive, tbe route chosen having been a rather pictunsqae one, particularly about the he^'hls ot TooraL an J Heyington, over* looking tbe river. Tbe trip oceapied about nn l our and a half, and, although tbe sun was ho*, a beautiful sea-breeze tempered its rays. At Matson-lodge Mr. Wood received bis guests on tbe verandah, fully 200 being present. Tbe view from Ibe boose ii very fine, on : ccount of its bigh position. Tbe wide verandah round the house on the we*t side was used as an impromptu plat form, and capital vocal music was con tributed by Miss Minnie Waogh and Miss Helen Gordon. The rcfteshments, which were served in two larvc marquees, were supplied by the Vienna Cafe. 