? II. . ?????? We continued from time to time to pass each other on the stairs, at first silently, but after wards with a murmured "good morning" or "good evening." I was bashful to excess in those days: added to which I was, as I have suggested, a little doubt ful of my neighbor. Sometimes when we . met she would draw aside to let me pass, and stand looking at me with roguish eyes, while I colored "There's Just a Nice Dinner for a Baby . Lion."? ".Whew! Sawdust." ? . /, * ' ????? ' . *? . V .". up to the ears ana answered her careless greet ing. Lonely as I was, those , meetings soon be came a pleasant break In my life's monotony, and often when I heard my neighbor ascending I would slip down stairs for the mere pleasure ol passing her. Who was she? What was her name, and.what her occupation? These were the questions I be gan to ask myself, and to put to the tempestuous maid of all work, who could give me . very little information. Gradually, however, I discovered what I wished to know. ' Her name was "Miss Costello/' and she was engaged in some capacity or other, at one of the Strand theatres. I consulted a programme of the theatre in question, but her name was not there. A few nights later, however,. as I sat in the back row of the pit, listening to the inanities of "a Cockney burlesque, I saw, among a. group of "util ity" ladies, dressed in trunks and tights, the face and form I sought-those of my sprightly fellow lodger. Our eyes met, . and I fancy she recog nised me, for she tittered and said something to one of her companions. . I was relieved, pleased even, to find that she was .an artist of some sort. Thaugh her name was not even mentioned in the plày-bill, the manager had .given her about two lines to speak, and I am bound to add that she spoke them'abominably. ' I was enabled now for the first time, to take a good look at her; and I was surprised to see how pretty she looked in her scanty costume. She was slight and delicately ' formed, with dainty hands and feet, and features alive with youth and good humor. . From that time forward I became a frequent visitor to the theatre, and my interest in "Miss Costello" continued to grow. Do not run away with "the notion that I was falling in love! My feeling, so far as I can re member, was one of pure friendship and human sympathy there was a sense of companionship in looking at and listening to my : fellow- lodger, though we were still almost strangers. Late one night, however, as I was climbing garretward after a lonely stroll In the moonlit streets, I came face to face with her close to her own rooms. She had evidently just come in, and was lighting a candle at a gas jet on the land ing. She smiled and nodded, and I. was passing on when she called me back. "I saw you in the front row of the pit last night," she said, graciously. » "Yes," I replied. "I had been there.". She tittered, and I felt horribly bashful and uncom fortable The door of her sitting-room was open, and glancing through it I- saw a' shabby little chamber with a cloth laid for supper, which con- ¡ Bisted of bread and cheese and a glass of Lon don porter. She followed my glance, smiled again, and led the way into the room. Scarcely knowing what I was about, ! stppd on, the thresh old hesitating.' ~" ' "Como in and sit down," she said, "unless you're tired, and want to go to bed." I assured her that I was not at all tired, and that I seldom retired to rest till the small hours in the morning. - "Bad boy!" she answered. "What makes you sit up so late?" Then, before I could reply, she added, "You needn't put down your pipe you can ; smoko while I-eat my supper." - . As shé spoke she threw off her hat and jacket, and waved me to a chair, I sat down speechless ; and gazed at hor while she began, still standing, to eat the bread and cheese and sip the por I ter. ! "How long lhave you boen living here?" she ask t ed after a pause, and when I told her I had been there about a year she looked at me thoughtfully and inquired, "What do you do?- I mean, what ! are you?" i" "I am an author!" I replied, somewhat proudly. I. "A what?" ¡: "An author!" I repeated. I The statement appeared to astound and puzzzle ¡ her, and she. looked rue from head to foot with t evident surprise; then her face brightened, and i she laughed aloud. i '.'O Lord!" she exclaimed, biting through a crust I with her white, teeth, and shrugging her shoul ders. .;' . - ? ? "Perhaps you don't understand .what I mean?" I said, annoyed at her . want of respect for my vo cation. ; She shrugged her shoulders again, and took a sip at the porter, then'looking at me slyly ^over tho edge of the glass, she smiled "and observed : "Oh, I understand well enough. What do you write? Articles, stories, newspaper stuff?" . "Anything," I replied; "you see, I'm only a<be ginner, and it's hard work before one is. known. However, I'm determined to get on, and if I don't it won't be my fault!" Then, having found my tongue, I began to feel at my ease, and proceeded: ¡ "I only found out the other day that you were an.¡ actress. ? I thought once of going on the.stage myself. Do you like acting?." "Pretty well," was the reply. ' "Ali my people are in the profession, and I've-got to like it. Father was a scene painter down in Plymouth; he died there, and so did mother. I came to London with my sister two years .ago, and we went on as ex tras at Drury Lane." ' '"Where Is your sister now?" I asked. To my surprise my neighbor's face darkened; and without making any reply, she began hum ming a popular tune, and walking over, to the fireplace glanced at herself in a broken, mirror above the mantelpiece. r . ' "So you live here all-alone?'.' I inquired. '/That's about it," she replied. '-'I get thirty shillings a week, and the rooms cost me . twelve. I used to have one of-'the girls to live with, me; but she was too fast to suit me, and we didn't get on. ? My name isn't .Costello,-' that's my stage, name; my real name is Smith-Fanny Smith: What's your's?" - - - I told her, and to,my- surprise -she" laughed mer rily. - . : "They've got another name for you at the .theatre," .she said. "They, call you 'Curly'; and they think you're my sweetheart." Her manner was ..so^frank, and free of "arrière pensée,'? .and her .mirth at -the idea so contagious, ' that I found myself laughing also, although I ra- ' ther resented the descriptive and not too respect \- ful - nickname her. friends had ^given' mei^Thevice: : once broken,' I soon found myself talking freely and quite unrestrainedly to my hew friend. I told her of my struggles (always, however, concealing the extremity of my privations); hinted at my am bition, and spoke; in short, as I had, spoken for many a day to any human, soul. , As I pro ceeded her pretty face grew graver- and graver; but suddenly in the midat of my talk Big Ben struck twelve, and the clocks vin the surrounding streets began to chime in answer. . "Twelve o'clock," she said, yawning, and hold ing out her hand. "Time for bye- bye!" "Good night, Miss Costello," I replied, shaking I her hand and passing to the door. -, "Fanny's my. name," she cried, "Miss Costello's all rubbish! Good night." - So I'left her, and betook myself to my quarters on tho floor above. . - . : V After that we met occasionally, though not so frequently ias we might have done had my new friend been less busy;'for they were preparing a new piece at her theatre, -and she had rather a longer part than usual, and was much occupied with preparations and constant rehearsals. Some times she had company; not always of her own "sex, and I could hear the* piano playing till long after midnight. Another circumstance tended to keep us apart, and indeed to keep me to à great extent to my own lonely quarters. At the very time of our first meeting things- had been at a desperate pass with me financially, and they were growing worse every day. The newspapers and magazines seem ed to have made a'dead set at last against my contributions, and though I worked harder than ever it was hopeless labor. My few books, and such little personal ornaments as I possessed, had gone to the pawnbroker, and my wardrobe was following piece by piece. Thc time seemed fast ] approaching when I should have nothing at all to wear! Poor as I was I was very proud, and I took care that no one suspected my desperate ? condition. In my'brief talks with Fanny I posed as rather a prosperous person, and talked very largely about my literary prospects. I don't know, if she suspected the truth; if so ehe never alluded, . .to it and moreover she was too full of her-own affairs to have much time to discuss mine.1 Thus it happened that as the days went on I saw less and less of my little neighbor. I knew) that the new piece was successfully produced, and that she was praised for her performance in it; but I was unable to -visit the theatre, being prac- >?> .tlcally a prisoner In my own room. . '- - ".???-??"'?'?' One dismal afternoon, late in December, I was sitting all alone, .wondering:, which prospect- was . - the drearier, my own wretched-future or , the win'-- < try street beyond my window*: '; It; wanted';only, a week to;Christmas, and'the: "thought of the .jap. proaching 'holiday:time only deepenéd\my-sense ot ?"' personal misery, " - v ' - , . ; Suddenly, I heard a soft knock at my. door, and- ¿ before I coiild call out. "Cdmeiin," the door opi¡ ened, and my neighbor, appeared.on the threshold.; She looked fresh and'rosy, and wore her hat' and > cjoak as if she-had just conie in from the street; / *T say, Is this for you'?!' she said. "I found . it downstairs "In the lotiby", and I' th"ought;I would s, v bring lt up." '' . - - ' t , i In her hand she held a.brown paper parcel ad-, dressed to me. I recognised it in a moment, and v went red as fire. . It was one of my luckless manu-:-: ' a scripts-a li ttle 'two-act comedy, * which fhad - al- ? ready been returned contemptuously by. more than one London manager. j "It's all'right, thank you," I stammered, : tafe i lng the packet from her, and placing it on the '.?".. table. "Yes, it's for me." I I tried to speak cheerfully, " but in point of ¡.fact the. return of this manuscript-was-my coup ^ de graced AU my hopes had been built on its ac I ceptance, and I had been fondly dreaming.- : ? ^ "Oh,, dear," cried Fanny, sympathetically) "I'm afraid I've brought you bad news!" . y I forced a laugh. * f "Not at all," I said. "It's only a manuscript-. . something I wanted, an opinion .about-rand-an& She interrupted me again .with' a-little cry.-Sha . was bending over the packet and reading the superscription. -. ? "Why, it's been : to our.-theatre VaIs it a play ? ^ Do you write plays? How funny!":*" ?/'?'" I scarcely heard her, for it had suddenly oc curred to me that there might af te^vall be a let-' - ter inside,-and I had opened the packet with trem bling fingers, and found, folded in the manuscript^ v a half-sheet of notepaper with the following litho-i ? graphed memorandum: ,-: T \ "Mr. Isaacson presents his compliments .to Mr..-. . (here my name was written), and.begs to return him the enclosed manuscript, whjch he is un able to accept for production." i-.-,..:;:.-. With another hollow, láugh I threw the paper; on v; the table. Then I said loftily: 1 : "I sent-it to tho manager,- never thinking for a - -;.: :. moment that it would be of any. ? use.'to»him. Ile- ^ has sent'it back "quito politely) that's all."! "Who?" , . ? "Why, Mr;- Isaacson-your manager. : I don't- '. suppose hê'nas read it;" ^ " ' *' "You may bet: twenty to" one on that,'^ return- ; ed my neighbor. "He . never reads anything ex-v . . cèpt the 'sporting papers." ¿ ^ -, '?': > ' "Oh, he's* that sort of inan,-i3 h*e?" I said, care- '1 lessly." "Yes," she answered, nodding emphatically; "and a.beast into the bargain!". . -;. Without caring to ask her how she came to that conclusion; I thought it advisable to-change the subject . , "And how aro you getting on?" I asked. "I hear you've made quiteña hit'this time!". "Oh, yes," she replied, ."and I'm'to have a real ly good part in the extravaganza at Christmas-a . good speaking part, and double salary. Why, haven't you been to see me in the new-pieces?" I explained that I had been so terribly'busy had my hands so fuir of work, etc., but I would come all in good time, and I was very glad' sha had boen so successful. As I spoke her clear bright eyes watched me attentively and somewhat " sadly. Presently she said- . "Only last night I heardvIsaacson saying he'd give his head for a new comedy. The: present one won't go long; it's too slow. I suppose yours is clever ?" I smiled, thinking in my heart that it was very clever; but I explained with,dignity that' lhad other views for it, and that' I was' in communica tion respecting it in another quarter. » . Presently she stopped me, placing ' her little hand on my arm. " \ "You've working too Bard," she said. , . "You look awfully seedy." v . * c . . "Oh, I'm all right," T responded. . "Very likely I shall go out of,town at Christmas for a holiday. . What's your new part to be?" .. She brightened,and smiled. - ; - "Oh,- a- fairy-with a song, and dance! Old ^ Phillips says I shall-knock.them this: time!" ^ .' "Who's old ?'Phillips?" . . ' - "Oh, a friend of mine who writes in the papers. : He advises Isaacson, he does.' Isaacson couldn't . get along'without him." 'My eyes opened. Could she possibly be allud ing to Phillips, the great dramatic author and . critic, who did the theatrical reviews for the most influential newspaper of ttío metropolis? ; I ask- < ed her the question, and she nodded. "That's him,'' she replied with ungrammatical ' emphasis. "He's a good old sort and takes quite au interest in us girls. You ought to haye sent your play to him; I'd have made him read it!"-;. My amazement deepened. To think of Phil lips-the great Phillips-before v/honi both mana- . gers and public, trembled, being on. terms of in timacy with a promoted, "extra lady! y But of course I took the statement with a grain of salt; not believing for a moment that it; had any foun dation in fact. .;>-..,.. "Well, good-bye," said^Fanny, with. her. usual . abruptness; "I must get ready to eo to-the^the- ."? atre. . Don't work so hard, and mind you,:.come : and see me in the new piece as soon, as-possible!". ;;.. So saying she disappeared-, leaving 'me aivided/ between shame and despair..> Despair predóm-r' : . inated, for it seemed- that I had now played my ; : last card, and unless a miracle happened there; î' was nothing before me but starvation. . . . A week passed by, and my condition grew, dar-. ker and darker: .With'only juat-ëncuglvïto?.buy:'a little breacl, I era v/led on from day to /day- -¿ y Too proud to beg or to reveal t¡) anyi>ne,'ipy-real * condition, I would creep out at nisht, and-walk'for - hours In the dismal, snow-clad streets, wondering what was to become ot me, looking sometimes down into the depths of the blaok river, and wish ing I had the courage to seek a last refuge there. 1 saw nothing of my neighbor; indeed, I carefully , avoided her, feeling that I could not have endured ) her pity. . At lost-lt was the night befire Christ mas Eve-I stood on "Waterloo Bridge, having paid my last halfpenny for toll to cross. The snow was telling, and it was bitterly cold. My great coat had gone long ere that, and all the previous day I had only had a mouthful of food. I think I must have grown light-headed; for the lights of London, seemed dancing wildly round me, and the living shapes that passed me seemed like ghosts in a dream. Finally, as midnight struck, I let myself into the house where I lived, and orept, half-fainting, wp the stairs. \- As I approached the landing below mine I heard the sound of singing and piano-playing, mingled with merry laughter; then a shuffle ot feet, de if someone was dancing, and a clapping of hands. I clutched at the bannister, and the whole landing seemed to rock beneath me; then, suddenly, I staggered, clutching at the door, and, fell forward into empty «pace. " The last thing I remember was the opening of a door, ¿he sudden flashing of lights, and then strange forms bending over me, while a voice that I seemed to know cried very far off it seemed, .nd in a sort of misty dream, "Why, ifs Curly.'" 