THE STORYTELLER TEE ANGEL OF MUKPHY'S GULCH- [CONTINUED.! Juan was kept under close guard for several days until the army surgeon, who remained as a guest of the camp, could pronounce definitely upon Ames' chance "f recovery. 1 he doctor was a specialist in gunshot wounds and his diagnosis was usually correct, so when be announced t' at Bob could scarcely live through the third night, the Vigilance Committee considered their duty plain and clear. There was a midnight, pro essinn to the cabin in which the ilexian was confined, a silent march to the edge of Lodore cancn—before the grave was filled in. For once, however, the doctor was a false prophet. Thanks to the tender nursing of 'Angel,' Bob slowly passed the danger point and started up- hill to lecovery. This, as Bill said, 'gave Juan's ghost- tber laugh on ther cumraittee, but bein' 1 her pizen critter he wuz ther < ummittee cud stan<i it;' and with a decency quite unexpected in such a region, the Mexican was never mentioned before Bob after he had regained consciousness. His convalescence, in a miner's cabin, was one of the sweetest memories which Ames recalled in after years. Whenever he thought of those long, leng days of feverish tossing on a rough bunk, a tender woman's face seemed always hovering about him -a woman such as he had known at home, one who knew books find music and pictures and society ; talking intelligently of them by the hour, yet the wife of an almost illiterate miner in a forgotten corner of Colorado. It seemed an anomaly. Befoie he was able to sit up Bob became aware, in many ways, that he had fallen among f liends, but all !• sser kiudn> sses were overshadowed by the growing affection he felt for Mrs. Mclnt.'' re, or. as s'ne was always called, 'the angel of Murphy's Gulch.' There were but three other women within sixty-five miles—when Ned lioriuey died sh« had been the onlv one—and they w< re of an entirely different class ; nice girls, jes ; bright, handsome girls, but inncc nt of Eastern refinement or cultivation 'Angel,' on the other hand, < ame originally from Massachusetts, and had been just such a sweet, wholesome girl as the cousins whom Rob had loved an i kisBed in his boyhood. Whv. when he came to think of it, lying there in her kitchen, tliey had more subjects of common interest to talk over, more places which they had both seen and kiiown, more books which they had both read, than great. 1 on st Sandy ha even hesrd about in all his Missouri schooldays, years before. With the weakness which very young men usually have for women slightly older tbau themselves, it never occurred to Bob that tbis friendly affection might be a dangerous thing if humored beyond a certain point, and often when she sat by his bunk, talking over the other life they had known, he would hold her hand warmly clasped in his own. As for Kate—his utter helplessness and the sisterly relation which sbe seemed 10 bear toward him kept anything like suspicion of herse'f from entering her mind. He was such a handBome, winning boy—scarcely a man in spite of his find phjsique and twenty- three years—and he was so grateful for all her i ttle attentions that it was impossible t > avoid being fond of him. Bandy himself shared this fee'ing, He recognized the advantage which education gave Ames over himself, but he was too much of a man to envy it ; too sure of Kate, yet, to see that she and Bob belonged to a claaB apart from his own. At first the little caresses which she bestowed upon her patient seemed no hing more than those which had made every wounded man in the Rio Blanco country reverence her above ail other womeu. and Bob Ames' little familiarities were but natural marks of his appreciation. But the awakening came one day. Ames hai recovered sufficiently to walk about in the sunshine a little, and he was just returning from a constitutional as far as the Lone D.H', when Sandy came up from the mine. He was yet too far away to notice the weakness which made Bob lean against the wall for breath *hen he entered the kitchsn, or io see the look of anxiety on Kate's face as she hastily pulled forward a chaif for him ; but what he di't see through the open window was Bob pu'tin^ his arm aioundher neckand kissing her before he sat down. The biooi rushed into Sandy's head and made him so dizzy that he couldn't think straight. He was dimly conscious that things would seem all right if he could only get them properly explained, but those other thoughts which would seethe and boil in his brain prevented anything like clear reasoning They recalled each look, each caress, each bond of sympathy between his wife ani Bob —until Sandy's hand crept around his hie : and there was murder in his heart. But tbis idea left him presantly, and in its place came a dumb realization of the other man's superiority in everything but brute strength. A great sob came up in his throat and he slowly turned away. He stumbled alog to the Lone Dog like a man in a dream, nd when Red Mike, the bsrtender, commenced lighting the lamps, he found Sandy—his hands in his pockets and and his chair tilted against the wall—in the darkest corner, B'arine at the floor with the look of a man who Bees things. (To be Continued ) 