HOUSEHOLD. The way to spoil a child is to give it all it wants ynd require nothing in return. The way to make a child grow up to be sensible and unselfish is to give it little and require of it much. For i^is not what others do for us that benefits us, but what we do for our selves and others. There are parents whose only Btudy is to gratify their children, and generosity ; it is selfishness. To gratify a child is a keen delight, but to make it do its duty is often troublesome. To let it off a lessen costs only a word ; to give it a toy is an uff.iir of a few pence ; to say to it some foid and flittering words is no t ouble at ill. Hut the moment you begin to enforce a duty, or compel the faithful performance of a task, you encounter difficulties, you havo to take troablo, and practise some of the cardinal virtues ; you have to be patient, firm, and wisp. The difference between a good parent and a bid parent is this: A good patent treats his child in the way that will be most beneficial to it when it is grown up ; a bad pirent thinks only of the child's enj (jment of to-day. Don't buy sheap boots or gloves. Don't forget to iron the wrinkles out of sleeves occasionally. Dju't use cheap poor ribbon in millinery. Don't weir a sailor hat if you have a wide face. Don'r, with a small allow ance, indulge in striking modes. Don't expect your hair to shine unless you brush it thoroughly night and morning. M-RSKUY HINTS, It i3 well for parents to heed the warning given very recently by an emiuent physician against the popular merry-go-round?. This kind of sport, he declare, is exceedingly in jurious !o delicate children, and should be very sparingly allowed to robus'. children. The rapid circular motion, and the mental excite ment induced, produce cerebral congestion and vertigj, and injure the brain. No child can ride in the merry-go-round with s»fety to health longer than the one turn allowed for the money. M. Gilbert, of Moulins, the physician in question, declares that children are nervous enough nowadays without having their pre duposition increased by mechanical means, and that it is fxr preferable to take children out into the country, in the sun, than to lead them through the booiln of a fair to treat them to the merry-go-round by the hour. For the same reasons — namely, the vitiated iiir and the iu'.ense mental exoitem^ut, delicate nervous children should not be t*kea to theatres or to the circus. Little infants often cry because they are suffering from thirst, thirst for water. Milk does not quench thirst, as mothers too frequently suppose. A nursing bottle of pure water should be kept near at hand, so it may be offered to a child that wakes and cries in the night. la nine cases oat of tea the water quiets the child, and it drops asleep. THE SPARE BEDROOM. Booms that are uninhabitated for any length of time become kind of ghostly, and the stranger entering them feels lonely, particu larly ia the spare bedroom where he or she is left entirely alone for the night. The walla are damp and cold, even in midsummer, tho bed-clothiog is damp and chilly, yes, even musty— spiders have spun their webs in the corners, and there is no place under the bud more cheerless, uninviting, lonely, and even dangerous to the guest than this very same spare bedroom, dangerous because one is liable to contract a heavy cold, which might culminate in paeumouia, because of sleeping in a damp room between damp sheets ind under damp covers. Any room kept closely shut up must of necessity become chilly and damp, and the prospect of sleeping in such a room would chill the heart and soul of the most buoyant. A room that has for a long time remained uninhabited becomes kind of uncanny, and gives one the feeling that it is a place where ghosts walk, and since most people are afraid of ghosts it isn't very pleasant to be placed in a room where, perchance, they have had full swing for a length of time, and therefore repel your intrusion. At least the hostess might open the blinds, throw open the windows, and let the fresh air and sunlight into the room for a few days before the guest arrives in summer-time, and see that the bed-covering is thoroughly aired and dried. And in winter-time the room should be thoroughly aired, a fire kept going | ia the room for &t; least a few days before the „ arrival of guests, thus removing all dampness - from the walls aud bedding. This will give to the room an appearance of habitation, which is refreshing to the guest. Is it not a mistaken idea to have aDy room in li»&J;)ou8O that is too nice for us to use ? Rather let us turn every room in the house into immediate and continued use, and if a guest arrives we can easily double up a little, *nd still be comfortable, and put the guest into a bright cheery room, betraying on every hand signs of recent habitation, and being cheery and bright because of this. All needful toilet articles should be placed in the room. A generous supply of soap, water, and rowels, and ia winter-time plenty of covering to keep warm, and then if the gupst does not sleep peacefully and well, it is, at least, not the fault of the hostess. FOMENTATIONS. Fomentations of hot or cold water are very often useful, and everyone should know how IU ^ivi; lljulii. a uauuci ixuilt may Uc lUlUcU, wruug out of hot or cold water as is desired, and applied directly to the akin. It is much better, after wringing out the flannel as dry as desired, to fold it in a dry flannel eloth of one or two thicknesses before applying it to the patient. A little time is required for the heat of the fomentation to cone ntrate in the dry flannel, aud thus the skin is allowed an opportunity to acquire tolerance for the heat, and a higher degree of temperature can be borne than if the moist cloth is brought directly in contact with the surface, 'i he outer fold of dry flannel will also serve to keep the cloth warm by preventing evapora tion. A hot fomenta'ion is sometimes needed whrn no hot water is tit hand. It is not necessary to wait for wa'er to be heated in the usual way. Soak the flannel in cold water, wring as dry as desired, fold in a newspaper, and lay upon the stove or wrap it about the stove pipe. In a few minutes it will be as warm as the patient can bear. The paper keeps the pipe from becomiug moistened by the wet iiannei, ana at tne same time preven's the flannel from being soiled by contact with the pipe. Fomentations thoroughly applied will relieve most of the locil pains, for which liniments, lotions, and poultices are generally applied, and are greatly to be preferred to these remedies since they aie cleaner aud aid Nature more effectmlly in restoring the injured parts to a sound condition. The fomentation may be changed frequently, and ofter it liaa been removed massage may be given either by the person himself or another, so as to strengthen tho part and promote a better circulation of blood in it. 