TheStoryt I THE TWO WARDS. (Continued' from Wednesday's issue.) CHAPTER XXn. — (Continued) «? I mean to try one or other of these experi ments,' Maude, drawing her veil over her saucy mutinous face. 44 After being sneered at and taunted bo unmercifully for my feminine weaknesses, I do not -choose to plead guilty of being afraid of an English winter. 80 good-bye, Mr. Hayle ; if I should get buried in the enow, you will come and help to dig me out, won't yoU ?' -? Miss Lesden,' said Will, following her to the door, 'do you know that one of the greatest proofs of mental weakness either sex can evince is that of scouting prudent counsel ?' 44 No, really !' cried the young lady, with an innocent air of surprise. 41 One of the greatest oh, do write down that charming sentiment (or me, will you, Mr. Hayle? I never like to lose the words of wisdom, and my memory id so sadly defective that somehow it will rarely re tain them.' '[ can quite believe that.' said Will, un graciously. ' Ah 1 but every one at Leabanks is not so obtuse as I am, my dear sir. It's quite a com* fort to think that if anything does happen to, me, my mourning friends will have a philosopher at hand who will be able to assuage their grief, and endure his own with Eoman fortitude and Gr^ck maxims. Shall you grieve a little for me, Mr. Hayle ? Will a reproaching conscience whisper, ' I was too bard upon her sometimes. After all, she was not more frivolous than most girls of her age who have been petted and in dulged by a loving mother.1 ' Before Will, very much astonished at the fiob with which she concluded, could make any reply, Maude had walked quickly away ; and mentally declaring that of all feminine enigmas she was the most perplexing and exasperating, be went to the library. He had walked over to Leabanks to hear his friend's opinion of an article he had written for one of the London reviews. The subject was one of general interest, and in arguing out two or three disputed points, and making some cor rections that Rupert suggested, the time sped quickly, and Maude was forgotten until tho in creasing darkness compelled the young men to suspend their labours. ' How fast it snowR !' said Rupert, gazing from the window to which they had carried their papers. ' You will have to stay here to night, Will, unless you are obstinate enough to risk spending a night in a snowdrift.' , . Will started a little, and he, too. looked out at the lawn, where the flower-beds had long been hidden, and the tallest shrub^s were rapidly becoming invisible. ' My uncle, who is, or fancies himself, a weather-seer, predicted this Wouldn't it he oc ™o11 4A tftnnk flio hnll Pun*-* whether Miss Lesden has come home ?' ' You don't mean to say that she has left the house on such an afternoon !' '* Indeed she has, for I met her at tho door, and she talked of walking to Barford ; though whether she really meant to attempt such a feat, or only said so because I told her it would be unwise, you ougnt to be able to judge better than I can.' ' Gone to Barford ; and Katie, so delicate, so unused to nur cold climate, may have gone with her ! Good heavens, what madness ]' exclaimed Rupert, spriiigingtUp and hurrying to the door. ' Stop u monvmt, ' said Will Miss Lesden was alone when I saw her ; her sister has too much goo I sense to uccompanv her on such ex. narliMnnc' You seem tn hnve a very high opinion of Kati« Lesden,' llupert jealously observed. 44 Of course I have, tfhe is one of the nicest pirls I know,' was the rather enthusiastic reply 1 Taking into consideration that you don't really know half a dozen girls of hnr age, that may very well b\' was the snappish comment this speech received. *' But I suppose I am to coup'e what you have just said with a lemark your uncin mad* to me the last time he was here and conclude that you arc the young lady's favoured suitor.'1 ' Sir Marcus hae wished — very much wished —in-1 t-- endeavour to win Miss Katie Lssden's hand,' Will began, but was more sharply than politely interrupted. 1 ' My father knew of this, of course? Why was it kepi from me? I seem to be left in the dark to everyone's intentions.' ' Not as to mine, Rupert. Had you named the subject before, I should have been perfectly candid with you .so don't be anijry with me.' Rupert Rrriiigioii had averted his f.ice, and he sighed heavily as he answered : ' No one can blame you, Will. She is good and bonnie enough to win the heart of a better nun than you o-- I, and I'll try to be glad that she moans to give herself to an honest fellow like yourself ; though I'll not conceal from you that I am very much surprised.' ' And so am I that you don't give me time to finish what I wanted to say,' his friend re torted. ' I am very willing to pleasefiir Marcus a? f .r as I can. but I ccrtainly shall choose my wit- —if ever I have one — myself% and that wife will not be Katie, for she cares no more for me than I do for her.' ' How do you know? Has she refused you ? But perhaps thi*3 is not a fair question.' ' I don't think it is ; but fltill I don't object to answer it. She has not refused me, for tbe simp'c reason that I have not exposed myself to tne unpleasantness of a rejection. Katie and I like and understand each other all tho better, perhaps, because we leave love-making oat of oar vocabulary.' You must be strangely cold-hearted, to be eo constantly throwo into the society of two pretty, nay, more than commonly pretty, girls hfce my father's war^s. and feel not a spark of alfection for oilhnr of them,' cried Kupert, so thoughtfully, that Will laughed. ? ' So ray uncle tellR me fifty times-a day, till f don't know whether to be glad or sorry that I cannot fall over head and ears into the nets of Don Cupidos as other men do; but while we chatter, you forget Miss Lesden. I daresay she is safe enough; but it might be as well to make the inquiry, don't you think so?'1 ' Excuse me, then, for 0 minute, while I go ij„u ;u,ss uajmond. 1 snail ten ner tnae you dine with us. ' . . ' It will be a holiday for Mrs Cripps,'' 6aid Wilfred, as he assented. 'Sbe declares that niy uncle is always 'dubberly rampageous and tyrantitied' when I am near to back him. Upon my word, Ru, if [ do live a life of celibacy, I'll train some he-fe!low or other to cook, and wash, and mend my stockings for me, for I could nnt endure the iuHictions of such a Sairey Gamp as air Marcus's housekeeper.' Rupert laughed, and. s?as about to open the when Milly Raymond tapped foradinisaion. ohe looked very raoch troubled.-fiSfihe explained that it was her anxiety on M«xu le's account 1 at had brought her to the library, and Katie, wbo wa3 at her elbow, looked equally uneasy. ' Jt is growing quite dark, and she does not return ; unfortunately, too, the man-servant has sent on some errand for Mr. Durrant.' an instant bnth the young inen were don . : °vpr*coats and hats in order that they might, minute a search for the missingdemoiseNe, on ^nosr account they hegan to entertain graver than the.v would have cared to acknow- I eucfi to her sister or 'Milly. Accustomed for par- t0 a softer climn, how wou'--l she hear such ^ exposure to the keen atmosphere, the. jiflVin» of tho winds, and cease'es t downfall snow that had long since concealed every of -the paths whether through lane, or common, by which Leabanks was ap proached. A- no one could say which of these routes au,l' VVfts m«-st likely to have taken either to bo r ni ^arford, it was resolved that both must ratC)r^Ul^ exP'ored« and the young men sepa in.V af °nterdoor for that purpose. Ropert si-i. -1 upon taking-ihe-way over the common, ecin^' ^'th truth, that he was better ac aBn-n h**1 ^ ,*'mn Wilfred, who generally tn ... 1 ^ Leabanks by the deep, narrow lanes, . ;? iieh he now hastened. '?^as a miserable evening, the air 60 thick do - m6 feathery flakes that it was scarcely 5nov 866 but the fast-falling 'v- Will shivered as he plodded through it making or the tiny cottage at the gates, through whose windows the firelight glowed ruddily. ' A brief delay at tbo aforesaid gates, for the handle of the lock wsb slippery aud, hard to turn with such -benumbed fingers, and then Will Btrode through, to find himself knee-deep in a drift. 44 Pleasant walking this will -be for a lady !' he ruefully muttered ' Oh, the wilfulness of this foolish, foolish girl 1 Would any other creature endowed with the smallest share of reasoning faculties risk health and comfort for the poor satisfaction of having .her own way ? 1 nope sne'ii eaten a severe ooid 10 ner neau : it will be tbe ^ell-merited punishment of her folly 11 44 Mr. Hayle— Mr. Hayle, you're to stop, please 1' shouted a boyish voice, and he saw that a panting urchin was toiling after him. 44 Who. say6 so, my boy ?' 41 Mother sir, please, sir. Leastways, Miss Lesden asked her to send me to ask you not to go away from Leabanks such a night.' 44 Where it Miss Lesden? What! here at I this ? oottage ?' exclaimed Will, a the boy 1 pointed 'towards it* An affirmitive nod sent 1 him in haste to the door^ which was opened as he drew near, and displayed the pretty figure of Maude seated on a low stool on lite hearth, with the lodge-keeper's baby in her arms. She laughed merrily when their eyes met. ''Don't look so very much surprised, Mr. Hayle. It really is I — myself— and not my ghost, as you seem to think.' 41 Then you did not go to Barford after all ?' . u Well, sir ? ? she queried haughtily, for although her eyes drooped, her cheek flushed ; she did not choose to admit she had been swayed by his advice after all 14 There was nothing surprising in my changing ray inten tions was there?' ' No — yes — I mean, I am very glad you did, for your chance of retarning safely through such a storm would have been a slight one ' (i Then I wonder you risk it on your own account,' said Maude speaking in more friendly tones. 44Wnynot remain at Leabanks until the morning ?' ' I have agreed to do so. I am here on your account, Miss Lesden ; your sister and Miss Raymond have been suffering much uneasiness through your protracted absence.' 14 I am sorry to hear that,' she cried, starting up briskly, and restoring the infant to it's mother. I did not mean to be so long away, but when I reached here, these little ones were snow- balling each other, and a temptation to join in a game at romps was too strong to be resisted. The consequences,' she added, with a merry laugh, ' were such wet boots and gloves, that this good woman insisted on bringing me in here to dry them ; it was very childish, I know,' and she tried to look penitent, -( but it was prime fun : I never enjoyed myself more in my I life !' and the bright eyes sparkled mirthfully as she 6aid so, that Will could not help smiling in sympathy. '? ^ere you going towards Barford to meet me?' she asked with a spice of provoking in credulity in her accents, that suffioed to make 1 him cold and serious again as usual. 44 Miss Raymond wished it, and I shall be glad to get back to the house as quickly as I can, for Rupert has taken the track across the oom mon, and must be recalled.' 44 Pray don't let mc detain you Mr. Hayle,' said the young lady stiffly. 4 If you will tell my | frir-n lit that I am safe, and intend returning 1 directly, I shall feel obliged. I need not put you to any further trouble.' But Will, after stepping to tbe door and look ing out came back to her Bide. 44 You will need ray assistance, Miss Lesden, or, believe me, I would not press it upon you. Will von get ready with as much dispatch as possible ?' But Maude's soddened boots were not easily drawn on. and the child commissioned to dry her gloves bad held them so close to the blaze, that one was shrivelled up and useless. How ever Will was patient, and after a struggle with Nier pedal coverings, she-jumped up. thrust her bare hands into her muff and pronounced her self at his orders Provided by the lodge keeper's wife^with a lantern, for the night was now intensely dark, Will prepared to lead the young lady back to the— house a task of some difficulty although the distance was inconsiderable. At iirst she refused his support, bidding him load on and she would follow ; but presently she was glad to lean upon him, and ere half the journey was over, Maude's independence had wholly dis appeared, and she was grasping his arm with both hands, and praying him to pause while she regained her hreath. 44 Can we not stop somewhere till the wind drops ?' she panted. ' I am so miserably tired of buffetting with it.' 44 It would be dangerous to loiter. You are chilled already, and no gloves on these icy hands! How could you run this risk ?' 44 Don't scold me now,' said Maude piteously. ' I never meant to go to Barford after you told mc not. Oh I that I were safe at hornet' 'You will be in another five minutes, so cheer up ' cried Will. 44 Lean more heavily on me ; or star Miss Lesden, this will be better 1' and throwing his strong arm about her waist, he ha'f guided, half carried her along, till he triumphantly led her into the warm morning room, where she was immediately clasped in tbe warm embraces of Katie and Milly Ray mond. In disembarrassing her of her wet wraps, and expressing their thankfulness at her Bafety, Wilfred's hasty retreat was unnoticed, and Ru pert forgotten until — bo suddenly that they were all startled — the nurse, Jane Smith, glided into the room. 44 Where is Mr. Rupert Errington ?' Katie uttered a cry of dismay. 44 He has not returned ? Then he will pro : long his search as far a3 Barford. How selfish | we were to forget that he is sCill out in the snow !' 44 Where is his father?' 44 Lying down ; he has the headache,' Milly .explained. The woman threw over her head and shoulders the cloak that had been lying on her arm, and walked to the door, but there she paused ; and, fixing her glittering eyes on Maude, exclaimed in such a fierce whisper that4he sisters involun tarily drew nearer to Miss Raymond, 'It is through you and for you he has gone. Heart less girl 1 If he perishes in this night's storm, you are his murdress 1' The next moment her scared auditors saw her cross the hall, walk' straight oat into tbe blinding snow, and disappear in the darkness. CHAPTER XXHL I IN DANGLBB. ' As soon as Hilly Raymond coald overcome her astonishment at this strange outbreak, Bhe ran to try and recall the woman, crying, excitedly : 44 She must not go ; she is a stranger, and will lose herself/' But Mrs. Smith was out of sight, and made no response to her calls, which Milly repeated till, feeling their utter uselessness, she returned in the sisters to take counsel with them whether it would not.be advisable to arouse Mr. Erring ton without further delay But they were not in & condition to advise her. Maude, horrified by the consequences of her own folly and the angry denunciation of the nurse, was crouching on the floor hiding her eyes in the dress of Katie, who had burst into hysterical weeping, and was herself too frightened to give any consolation to her sister. As she stood beside them, scarcely knowing what course to take, she heard, at some distance, the deep baying of Dinas, the old hound, and her hopes revived. Mrs. Smith, acting with more forethought than might have- been ex pected, had unchained the dog, whose sagacity nrnnM ho in Tu.tnn.hle in the senrch for his VOUnC master. Milly crossed the ball, and ascending the stairs, approached tbe door of the room 'Mr. Brrington occupied ; but paused, and retreated again, for she felt an invincible repugnance to awakening him, and being the first to com municate the tidings that Rupert was absent, and perhaps in danger. He had looked so III and harassed lately that her heart ached for him ; his eon's estranged and cold manner com j bined with the taunts and Bneers of Mr.Burrant to make him thoroughly unhappy. If he were roused, would not he, too, rush out at all risks to seek the wanderer, or perish with him ?— thought so terrible that she left him to sleep in peace a while longer, and went dofrnstoiis again. She had scarcely reached the hall when another fearbegan to perplex her. ? If anything happened to Rupert, would not Mr. Errington reproach her for not having made him acquainted with the young man's position at the earliest moment ? He might, nay, would be sure to fancy that he could have done some thing to avert the dreadful catastrophe which menaoed his beloved boy ; and trembling with agitation, she ran to bis chamber-door onoe more, and entreated him- to rise direotly and come to her.' - ' ! The voice of Mr. Durrant angrily calling for his nurse reached her, as she stood waiting ! iur uir. nrruigbon'-iu appeal, auu uiecuumctMiy ? she went to him. He drank greedily of the lemonade which at his request she procured, i and then began to declaim with his usual bitter- ! ness at tho lazy, oareless habits of the woman ! who was supposed to attend to him ; but Milly was not as patient an auditor as he generally found her. She was listening to every sound that rose from below, and quitted him abruptly in the mid6t of his harangue, to as certain whose footsteps they were that had just entered the house. Alas I it was only the tired, shivering servant who had ridden to the town some hours pre viously, to fetch some little delicacy Mr. Dur- j rant craved for, and the man's description of \ the state of roads and inclemency of the night inoreased the fears she had been- doing her best to- keep within bounds. When Mr Errington, in plaoid unoonscious of the tidings awaiting him, came into the morning-room, Maude had been persuaded to go and change her wet clothes. She had cried and wrung her hands, and declared over aud over agaip tbat &he; meant no harm in loitering at the lodge, and that if anything happened to Rupert, she would never, never be happy again ! But no one attempted to oonsole her, and Katie— generally so-full of affectionate solici tude— did not even offer to accompany her to her room ; but turned in 3ilence to the win dow where with her face pressed against the pane she stood striving in vain to detect the sound of returning steps, or to pierce the pro found obscurity that left nothing perceptible but the dull glare of the snow. Milly was standing on tbe hearth-rug, trying to still the trembling of her limbs, 60 as speak with composure, when Mr. Errington came to wards her to rouse the fire intu a brighter blaze. inquiring with a smile as he did so why he had been permitted to sleep so long. But her effort was a failure for her blanched cheek told tales, and, glanciug from her to Katie, whose attitude now struck him as unusual, he began to damand anxiously, what was tbe matter. 44 Let us hope nothing, although ? 'and then Milly stopped, and involuntary laid her hand on bis arm, and uttered a gasping ' Hark 1' There was a moment of silence— of suspense | to herself and Katie that was almost agony : and then Dinas was heard whining and scratch ing at the door for admittance. Wasjthe faith ful creature alone? Was he tbe mute messenger of ill news, or good ? 1 Katie sprang to admit him, gave one quick 1 glance towards the outer portal, then turned, and, with a heartfelt thanksgiving, threw her self into Milly's arms ; for Rupert and Wilfred were in the hall shaking the snow off their coats, and Mrs. SYnith was dimly visible in the background stealing quietly away, as if unwil ling to have her own share in the rescue ad verted to. (To be continued in Wednesday's ifijtw.) 