KOBE PEACEFUL The alarmists have at last consented to see tht situation in all its realities. Ordinarily the alarmist is a quid nunc, who swallows ru mours wholesale in order that he may ask foolish questions. But on the present occa sion, which is the . development of the situa tion in China, he never asked any questions at all. He simply evolved a Russo-German alliance out of his fertile brain. Had he thought twice he would have found out that wfhich is now officially or seml-offlclally made public, viz., that Germany did a mad thing in Kiao-Chou, and that Russia trumped the card thereupon by doing a madder. Of what use is Kiao-Chou to Germany, even . with the aid of a mailed hand and a divinity of the calibre of William the Second, when Wel-Hai-Wel is in Japanese hands? And where is the advantage of Port Arthur if the adjoining port of Talienwan Is in the hands of a hostile Power? It will be generally remembered that the Japanese, in the last war, captured the "impregnable" Port Ar thur by a land attack from Talienwan. There is the leading ridge of the Leao-tong Peninsula behind both. The Japs took pos session, landed a lai-ge field army, and sent it In two divisions in line of battle down the ridge, di-iving the Chinese soldiers who had been ordered out in the forts at the last moment like flocks of sheep. The forts, taken In rear, fell, as a matter of course, into the hands of the enemy. What has happen ed before can always be made to happen again.- It is true that the Russians might fortify Port Arthur and provision the place, and occupy the Talienwan ridge in force. And already there are rumours of their having Instructed the Chinese commandant to call for tenders for a coai supply of two million tons. But In all such matters time Is the essence of the contract. Now, time is the very thing which Lord Salisbury's diplomacy has not allowed the Russian Cabinet. The proof is in the altered tone of Russian diplo macy, which has given up its objections to thes British proposal, and fallen back on the line of finance, wanting the privilege J"' finding the loan and offering much the same terms as the British. One is forced by the event to the conclu sion that the resolute attitude of Great Bri tain discovered to the world the total unpre- paredness of the other Bowers. Germany having jmade a seizure, Russia made an- othex-, France did almost nothing, yet a startled world began to talk with bated breath of the "'partition of China," by the great European Concert. But the Japs as serted themselves with a powerful squadron, Great Britain reinforced hers, Japan talked of a Japanese-British alliance, commanding the best ships in Eastern waters, and Great Britain showed her teeth in a way she has not done since the Medlterx-anean fleet went up from Beselca Bay. These things revealed —1st, a vast px-eponderanoe of power on the British side; . and 2nd, the complete state of prepax-ation at all points of that Powex-, in cluding, or rather especially, the great ar senals in Eastern seas, in comparison with which there Is literally nothing in the hands of any Eux-opean Power. What the outcome will be it is not difficult to see. The primary European object of war in such countries is trade. By threatening war Great Britain has gained, a position overwhelmingly strong for forcing trade. Trade will, as a matter of course, be forced. The whole of the advantages of a series of great campaigns have been won by p. single moment of diplomatic firmness. "What would have happened if the unready Eux-opean Concert had defied the greatest maritime Power in existence, and the best prepared, it takes no ghost to tell us. But in presence of the solid advantages in the British grasp it is useless to go over the. list of possibilities. The moral of the story is the old one which bids us keep our powder' dry. The critics did much good in their time in England, where such writings as "The Truth About the Navy" alax-med the nation and unmasked the hollowness of the sinug explanations of untruthful officials. Those things will, in all liixman probability, never pass away. But for the present they are at a minimum. The- state of the navy and the army is beyond anything It' has ever been in efficiency. Con sequently there will be no partition of China in the worst sense of the term, and the lion's share of that country's trade is de stined to be ours for a very long time.1,' "" 