Gboffti Been in Coal ■*lues# Tsx Isabella Ootl Mines, located in Blairsville, Chicago, are haunted. The most gh«tJy ^esaont, ghosts, mnd horrible phantoms have been seen, and the affair it being much talked abopt by the meg employed tbere. About 160 miners, trappers, and drivers work jo the Isabella Mines, and they, with tbe other employees of the coke works and their families, form the small town loeatsd on outskirts of Blairsville and termed by the euphorias name of Cokeville. For the past two or three weeks men who have worked in the dark passages of the mines have claimed that they have seep ghosts, mysterious forms and other things qf p ghostly nature, and •o widespread did t£e resorts become that in tome portions of tee mine men really did oot core to work uolen posi* titely ordered to do eo. This has been going on for some weeks past, but things x>k a serious tarn recently, when a boy hy the name of Conner, who is employed i a trapper, w u coming alone dovn one of the passages, which was very dark, when two cold, clammy bauds were laid upon bis bead and be was vfolestly jerked beokvard.. Dropping the tools. bejra# nanying he Andaavmud to JBghf tee mysterious thing that held him. In1 the darkness he could pee tee dim outline of a tall figare slight to attenuation, but wbooe hands possessed the strength of steel. He called aloud for assistance, end fought frantically Ho rid himielf of the demon clutch. After a struggle lasting several minutes, during which ihe what-ever-it-wag endeavored to drag him to a hole ic the wall, footsteps of men who had been attracted I his cries for help were heard approiel icg. Tbe bends ol the pbtoloa won suddenly loosened, with such suddenness that the boy fell fiat on bis face, the )Oiitlou in which the men found him !ying. WbtQ they ‘arrived *£• lad was nearly frightened to death, and after rp» covering went to tbe office of tbe supsr> iatendent, to whom be related his hotrjjble struggle, and announced that never ague would he work In the mine. He is now a t his borne in Cokeville, and suffering from nervous prostration. 