, DAYS OF DAMER. [COPYRrOHTV] ThrilliDg narratives of the Bushranging Times. Keenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE,. , IN FIVE PARTS, PERIOD, 1846. ? . ? . ': ? --i PART III. The depot of Edwards' party was 'on the Mersey River, aoinu thirty miles From Mount Valentine', and in four days this was reached, and the chief sent in his report. Ho carefully omitted all refer ence to the phantom, for he was aware the authorities did not include ghosts, spectres, or even fairieB — unless stage uiies — as coming within the official list of exemptions from duty. The health of the party, so the report auted, was beginning to suffer, and as a large quantity of work had already been accomplished, Evan Edwards claimed for hib party a spell in the moro settled parts, for thu place ho left waa quite un settled. It might bo added here that the request was granted, and nover again did the men visit the wild region they quitted, on duty. The finding of the skeleton was, of course, the most important communica tion which had to be made to the authorities, and it was deemed bo queer that nn exhaustive written statement and the photograph were forwarded to Hobart Town, where they went before the police. The photo, was at once recognised as that of .1 brutal wife murderer named Jensen, a settlor on the Norfolk Plains. The tragedy had occurred noarly four years previously, and the culprit had nover been brought to justice. It was three days after the crime was discovered, and as all r.hu facts pointed clearly to the husband being the perpetrator, a close and vigorous quest was made for him, but he had disappeared as completely as if the earth had opened and swallowed him. A whaling vessel had left Hobart Town about twenty-four hours after the _ deed was committed, and the police authorities were convinced, as their search in the colony was fruitless, that Jensen had been fortunate enough to get away in thu ship. Efforts were made to have the craft searched at her port of arrival, but as there were no cables in thoso days the attempt proved quite abortive, and the memory of Jensen's crime was quite forgotten. Now it was unexpectedly revived, and in a manner which left no doubt in the minda of thn high officials that the murderer had never left the colony, but had fled to the furthest western regions, and there perished miserably. It was quite likely that tho man would either take or destroy his likeness if only from prudential reasons, as if it fell into the hands of the police they would re produce it, and, Bending it to different parts, assist in his detention. He might hnve had a special reason in desiring its preservation, and that would seem to be so from tho euro he took in saving.it. That was tho common view held, and that he had perished was now beyond all shadow of doubt. That much was solved, yet there was one point which remained to be cleared up. When JeiiBen dis appeared two other settlers also were missed from 11 neighbouring farm. They were partners named John Duffy and Thomas Worrall. A fortnight later tho body of Duffy was discovered in the Derwent River on which their farm abutted, and as a boat whioh thoy frequently used was dis covored overturned some days previously, there was every reason lo boliovo that the two men had met a watery grave. Tho body of Worrall was never found. It was only the revival of the tragic story of Jensen's crime which rosurrected from the grave of momory tho strange fato winch had- befallen the two men — Duffy and Worrall — but beyond a few passing allusions to it, there was little gossip. It was different in Jensen's aff.iir. The newapapors of the day took the subject up, and it afforded an excel lent theme to harp on for some weeks. 'Murder will out,' and 'Tho Ourso of Gain,' were Home of the titles whioh the writers used in dealing with the subject, but the nine dayB* wonder was soon over, and gradually the memory of Jensen's crime and his fato faded from the publio mind. Providence had stepped in and dealt out justice to the murderer when human effort was in vain. A second survey parly was at once despatched to take up the work unfinished by Edwards. This was under the control of a man named William Oonsidine, and us it would not bo polite on the part of Edwards and his men to try and frighten off their unevied successors, they said nothing ou the question of ghosts. The story of tho skeleton was of oourso public property, but it was not an uncommon occurrence to unearth human remains in the bush, and Considine and his four men were not at all moved at tho thought of working in a district where the bones of a wrotohed mortal hud been discovered. A fortnight from tho time EdwardB left the haunted spot as ho imagined, Con aidine took up tho same small clearing near tho big tree for hiscamp. This was quick work, but it so happened that whon Edwards arrived at tho depdt, Oonsidiuo and his party wore already equipped to go whithor tho district Bur veyor wished to send them. Of course, the first spot of intorost to the newoomors was tho grave, and thoy viowed it with moro than usual oaro, for it marked the last rosting-placo of a desperato scoundrol and one who must have boon possessed of no common courage, skill, and onduranoo to roach tho locality whoro his bonoa wero found. It was not reported that ho had over committed any robberies or assaults in order to obtain food for the hundred miles or moro of rough country which ho mUBt have traversed, and if he kept tho Lake District, or even furthor wost, it was marvellous how ho had managod lo live. Oonsidino and his 111 on knew full well the perils of such travel, and they concluded that although ho must have started nway with a good equipment of food and stores, imHtromarknblo courage and persovorance was shown by him. On the 20th May, Considine and party nrrived at tho 'Gravo Troo,' and noxt day aotive operations wero continued. Tho ohiof w.ib ono who believed that it was most advisable to keep tho camp wellsuppliod with fresh meat if possible, and thoro waB a man continually told off with the gun for tho purpose of securing wild fowl, kangaroo, or such othor animals na might be suitable for food. The reports of gun-Bhots Bounded fro quontly during tho day, and they helped to give a moro civilised tono — if such may bo Baid — to tho wild diBtriot. A week after tho arrival of tho party, Graham, tho cook, who waa always loft in cn'mp, reportod that tho boof-barrol was getting low, and in face of tho fact that so much frosh moat was ased, this was somewhat puzzling. ' Did you weigh it at tho dop8t whon it was handed.over?' askod OonBidino, 'No, sir. .-It was givon to mo as two hundrodweit;hfcnettby thostoroman, and I took that as boing correct. It ap peared to bo quite that when we placed it in the waggon.' Oonsidino, it might bo otatod, had managed to bring a waggon into tho rugged district. This was duo to Evan Edwards, who reported that thero was a fairly practicable routo, which he kindly sketched out for him. This waggon proved vory handy, but thoro waB ovory likolihood that it would have to. bo' aban- doned as they wont furthor on. Of course it could be picked up again on tho return. ' Well, there couldn't have boon that amount in it: Wo haven't eaten much sinco our arrival. How long will it last under the presont circumstances ?' asked Ccnsidine. 'Not more than a fortnight,' was tho answer. The chiof wont away mattering male dictions on the heads of tho BUrvey con tractors for their supposed dexterity in choating,''and vowing he would have everything weighed Under his own eyes in future. Ot course, everything was charged against tho camp, and tho more that was consumed the less money thero was to draw when Jhe party returned. Two days later tho cook, who was altso Btoreman, had an even worse tale to tell, and one that caused no little commotion and mystification in the camp. A pair of boots and a wholo suit of clothes were missing from the waggon, and thoro waB evidence that tho biscuit-barrel had boon tampered with. The question at 01100 arose, ' Which of the party could havo been guilty of bo dispicable an act, and what earthly reason waa there for tho theft?1 Oonsidine called his men together and told them what had happened. Ho did not for an instant suspect any of them of the theft. They had been with him almost continuously for two years, and wore most trustworthy fellows. Ho wanted their advice, but they had little to give. ' If it was only a mere matter of the food going I should say there was a vagabond aboriginal prowling about, but blacks don't run away with strong boots and clothing. That is where-the mystery comes in, and yet there must be some explanation for the affair,' spoke tho leader. ' Are yon sure the articles were not lost on the journey V asked one of the men. 1 Yes, quite certain ; for I only took them out of the choBt yesterday. Thoy were hanging up in the waggon, and you might have seen them for yourself. Besides, I've noticed little bits of food disappear the samo way. There was that half-eaten duck yesterday. I couldn't find it when I wanted it,' answered Graham. ' Oh, some animal might have carried that away. I wouldn't think ranch of that,' ropliod the first speaker. ' We muat make a thorough search in tho morning around this place and see if there is anything that will assist us to discover tho thief, who, in my opinion, must be white and not black. We may drop on somo tracks that may put us on tho scent. In the meantime it will bo necessary to keep a watch at night. I'll take myturn tho same as any of you,' spoke Oonsidine. This was a sensible step and was duly carried out, but nothing occurred to dis turb the harmony of the camp. In the morning a close search waB begun, but it proved quite fruitless. The trackB of horses and men were numerous, but there was no distinguishing whether they were those of friends or foes. Some of them had probably been made by Edwards and his men, and others by the present party ; bo after a couple of hours search the quest was abandoned as useless. On leaving the enmp strict instructions were givon Graham to keep a keen watoh, for it was almost certain tho previous robborieB had been carried out during tho day. A furthor precaution was taken in removing tho waggon from the tdge of tho scrub to tho centre of the clearing. In fact, that step should have been taken at first, though, of course, no ono even suspected that there was no much as an aboriginal in the locality. Each man, including the cook, carried a revolver, and they would not havo hesitated to ubo them on any. intruder whom they sus pected of pillaging intentions. On the seoond day after this event Mesley, tho man usually entrusted with the task of obtaining game, came baok to the camp a couplo of hours after he had loft it and excitedly asked whore Mr. Oonsidine was. 'Right ahead In the track, Tom. What have you found? You look regular skeared,' Graham asked. ' Well, I'vo found another camp, Bill, and not a great distance from here. I just Btumblod on it when chasing a wuunded wnllaby, and my word it's a snug plaoe. I boliove we're going to make a quoor discovery, for it seems to mo like a white man's caboose. I cleared out in a hurry, for I thought every moment a gorilla or something elso might come along. I must go atonce and see Oonsidino,' answered the huntsman. ' Gorilla be blowed. There ain't no gorillas about here, but I expeot you'll nab tho fellow that's been stoaling our things. Wo'llmake it hotforhim, Tom,' ropliod Graham. Tim lattor soarcely heard the cook's remarks, for ho wub hurrying along tho track to see Oonsidine, and in a quarter of an hour ho returned with the whole par*y. The chief rogardod the nows as serious, for ho armed all tho men, and leaving ono with Graham, in oompany with the other two ho started under Mesley's guidance for tho spot which had so startled tho lattor. Tho routo takon waB duo north from the camp and towards tho donsoly wooded peak of Mount Valontino. Tho country was exceedingly rough, for not only woro the crooping plantB in vigorous luxuriance but huge masses of rock (all grnnito at timoBjblookod tho way. Theso piles wero much worn, and tho decay of ages was most npparont. In somo placeB moder ately sized trees grew on tho rocks, for tho tops had crumbled away and mixed with earth. Occasionally narrow gullios intersected tho Bides, and it was to ono of these which Mesloy led his comrades. Tho entrance was overgrown with bauri vino, and in almost total darkness tho throe men went along beside a babbling brook which wended its courso from tho mountain sido to tho adjacent river. Aftor about a hundred yards tho scrub ceased and '.ho sunlight poured down, revealing u magnificent scone. The sides of tho glon had become transformed into I walls of rack which gradually rose in n I alopo until thoy wero not less than one hundred foot on oither sido. They did not go up sheer, but in a series of gigantic stops, which gave tho placo a most unique appearance. * Tho contro of the glon waB covorod with vegetation, which relieved tho oyo. Tho sorub gavo placo to troo-ferns, musk, laurel, and other pleasant-looking growths, and it was evident that the inhabitant of tho plaoa (whoever he or she waB) must havo had an eyo to beauty as well as comfort when the glen was solocted as an abode. ' You must bo careful now. The ' den ' is only a hundred yards away in yonder hollow,' spoke Mosley, pointing to a small nccss in front. At this point the party found that by some convulsion of nature a huge 'bite ' had been takon out of tho rock wbIIb to a depth of about twenty feet. The ro coss made was semi-circular, and such as might be mado by tho bite of somo diabolic mouth. Fern-trees had grown in front in such a way as almost to form a natural barrior. Tho trunks wero only a few feet apart, whilst abovo the branches interlaced in a beautiful manner. Wild musk, sarsnpnrilla, and other pleasing shrubs grow botweon, and there was only ono well-defined passage which the first glance showed hud been often used by man or the lower animals. . - ' The wounded wallaby got through there, and that's how I found the placo,' whispered Mesloy aB thoy silontly and cautiously went on looking to boo that thoir weapons woro in order. 'How do you know that only ono person lives hero ?' asked the chief as they noared tho spot. ' There is only one small bunk so far as I could see. That's all I go by. Thore may bo half a dozen if I'm wrong in tiiat respeot,' roplied Mesley. ' Well, i£ so, they cannot be white men, so that we have little to fear. Let ub go right in. Perhaps the tenant has not returned yet,' said Oonsidine. Passing through the aporturo of the natural rampart a quoor scene met tho eye. Thero was a ledgo of granito about ten feot in height and quite flat on top. It was fully twenty feet square and was approached by two or throe- rough stops partly formed by nature and partly artificial. On the mount was erected a small hut, though in fact thero was littlo need for it, aatho rooks above »nd around formed a natural shelter. Clambering up on the small platean, Considine was followed by the two men, and it was ap parent the occupant had not returned, as there was no resistance offered and no visible presence. On one Bide of tho ledge a Fort of natural fire-place waB formed, and it had every indication of having been used for a long time Some unburnt fuel was still piled in a corner ready for use. Approaching the hut the examination waB continued. The place was fairly well lighted, for the sun was streaming down upon the pluco, and the men were enabled to get a clear view of the interior. At the end was u small bunk about six feet long by three broad, and it was plentifully supplied with the skins of kangaroo, wallaby, oppossum, and other animals. Several rough spears were standing in one corner, whilst a fur cap was hanging from a peg in the wall. A small pieco of corned beef was lying on a most ingenuioUBly-made stone-plate, which had been laboriously fnshioned from a slab of granito. In a corner of the room was a large hollow stone like a buain, and it was quite likely that the occupant used that for boiling water and. cooking meat when obtained. ' That corned beef ought to be evi dence against this fellow, whoevor he may be, but I don't know how yon arrived at the conclusion that the tonant is a white man. A blackfellow might have juBt such a place,' said Considine. ' Oome out here and I'll show you,' answered Mesley, who had evidently takon a much closer survey of the place on hiB first visit than he stated. ' Look there,' ho went on as ho led them to tho face of (ho granito cliff near tho baok of the hut ; ' blackfellowB don't write like that, do they ?' As he spoke he pointed to the cliff, and with unfoigued surpriso the men read the following, roughly but deeply cut out of the rock: ' Caul Jbnsks.' 'Jensen 1 Jonsen I Where did I hear that name 1 Why, that's the name of that murderer whose body— or skeleton — wns found at tho big tree yonder by Evan Edwards's parly. It's queer, cer tainly. The fellow muat have lived here. The thought makes me shiver,'remarked Considino in wonder. ' But who HveB here now ? That's what I want to know,' asked Mosloy. ' No ono so far as I can see. Tho place may not have been inhabited since Jenson died. Yon see it iB so well pro tected here that the hnt would remain in its usual state for a long time,' replied Oonsidino. ' But the corned boef hasn't been here since Jensen's death, which is supposed to have taken place about three years ago, and that fire there was alight less than a week ago,' persisted Mosley. ' I had forgotten all about tho beef. I suppose it must bo an aboriginal who has found the rotront. It is a real nice little nook and no mistake. If I had to livo in the wilderness myself I shouldn't mind just such a spot,' Oonsidine said. ' My opinion is that a white man or two is still about here. You said a few days ago that blacks. did not steal boots and clothes, and I agree with that. Then who took our boots and clothes?' asked Mosloy. ' How can I answer auch a question. Thero iB, of courso, a mystery about the whole thing which time alone may answer. In the meantime wo will set a watch and try and find the Becrot for ourselves. It may eomo soonor tlinn wo think. If there is a wild white man in the locality it is our duty to discover all wo can about him and lot tho authoritioB know. Wo will station two men here for a few days. I and Jack will romain till to-morrow morning if you'll bring us up a littlo food. You can stay also, and tell them at tho camp to keep a sharp look out, for tho follow may try to carry off more stores. Ho must bo running out of provisions by thiB time,' observed Oon sidino. To Be Continued. 