CUBA AS rr is. (Br FjpBii ÔiSBBi, in the Forum.) \ . Spanish domination in Goba, or the at- tempt at domination, "will .be a perpetual source of annoyance, of irritation, and of danger to the KJnitod States. Of danger,. in BO far as it mayV at any tune, give rise to international o^mplicatiÓns of a nature which it is not possible to foresee. At the present day, and in present circumstances, there is not the slightest probability whatever some subsidised newspapers of the Old World may say-that any Euro- pean nation would lend its support to Spain ; and the most serious consequences of a determined and effective policy on the part of the United States, in order finally to dispese of the Cuban difficulty, would be the semblance, or perhaps the reality, of a war with Spain, either of which would be a matter of small importance. Tet conditions may change in the course of years ; they might change at a critical moment ; and what now does not appear even as a possibility might then become an accomplished fact. Would it not be prudent and wise, there- fore, to improve the present favourable op- portunity, and decide once and for ever a question which, like Banquo's ghost, will not end never will down until it is properly and legitimately settled ? It is idle to expect that Spain will be able to suppress the present revolution. It is yet more idle to hope that any com- promise can be effected between the Spanish Government and the Cubans. There was a period in Cuban history-a long one, in- deed-when a compromise was possible, and the Cubans exerted themselves to the utmost in order to reach it; but that period is past and gone, -never to return.- Now there are only two issues- incessant war' or independence But let us suppose, against all probability, that Spain will be able to crush the revo- lution. Does anyone think that it can be accomplished in a short time ? Spanish official announcements of a speedy termi- nation of the war are nothing but empty Castillan bombast. What do the facts "tellus? Even granting that henceforth everything should go against the Gj$Bans and in favour of Spain, years will elapse before the former will be exhausted and the struggle will come to an end. The rebellion of 1868 continued for ten years. The Cubans then never had more than 10,000 men under arms-less than one fourth of what they have at present. They had no permanent sources of revenue, and when the funds which were collected at the beginning of the war had been Ex- pended they were left without pecuniary means wherewith to supply themselves with arms and ammunition. Now they .have the regular contributions of the thousands of their countrymen living in foreign countries, who faithfully pay their monthly quota into the treasury of the clubs to which they belong, to be by these latter paid'into the treasury of the Cuban Delegation in New York. The amount is not large, but.it has paid for 90 per cent.. of the-thousands of rifles and millions of cartridges sent to Cuba since the beginning of the revolution. During the previous war the Cubans neglected' to provide themselves w.ith = cattle and to raise vegetables for the supply of the army. This time one of their first measures was to drive all the cattle into the mountains-where they can. be cared for and are beyond the reach of the enemy-and to establish various zones of agriculture, in which some 3,000 men are engaged in farming. They have thus assured their supply of arms and ammuni- tion and their supply of food. During the rebellion of 1868-78 the war was confined entirely to the provinces of Santiago and Puerto Principe; no property was destroyed in those of Santa Clara, Matanzas, Havana, and Pinar del Rio, and agriculture suffered no interruption in them ; and Spain was able to force from the island a revenue larger than in time of peace. Then the rébellion had its -origin in the upper classes, the lower ones scarcely .realising its meaning ; and slavery was a great obstacle in various ways. Now the up- rising proceeded from the common people, and the upper classes joined them .when tiley became convinced of the universality and strength of the movement. If the Cubans by any chance are driven from the provinces of Pinar del Bio, Havana, Matanzas, and the western part of Santa Ciara, they have the means to with- stand the power of Spain for many years in the provinces of Santiago, Puerto Principe, and the eastern part of Santa" Clara-a 'territory which represents more than five eighths of the area of the island, and from which they camsontiuue to raid the other provinces and to prevent the in-gathering of the «rops. - To set fire to the largest cane field nothing more is necessary than a match, half a pint of kerosene, and a live snake; and the latter harmless creatures -for none of the Cuban species is poison- ous-abound throughout the island. In- deed, I have no doubt that the Cubans can hold out in those provinces long enough entirely to exhaust the power of Spain. But should they finally desist, it would be merely a Buspension of hostilities until the next generation grows up. Should they be exterminated-as Spain wills and threatens, but is powerless to effect-she must keep tSe island, wholly unpeopled, for there are no worse rebels against her rule than the immediate offspring of the Spainards. So long as Spain has a foothold on the island Cuba will be a running sore in tha-side of the United States. The only way to heal it is by complete cauterisation ; which, in the case under consideration, means the utter separation of Spain from the country. This alone will relieve the United States from any further careand annoyance-care and annoyance whicbit would be unjust, to charge to thè Cubans, for it is not their fault. ' They are human beings ; they are brushed ' by . oppression and galled by tyranny ; .and- they rise in self-defence. Not they, Tout those who goad them to re- bellion should ba blamed. But if, from a political point of view* it is to the interest of the United "States that Spain should withdraw from Cuba, from an economic standpoint it is still more so. \- There are some 60,000,000 dellars (some estimate the amount at 70,000,000'dollars) bf American, capital now in jeopardy in Cuba. Of it some 30,000,000 dollars are invested in sugar estates, some 20,030,000 dollars in mortgages on various kinds'of property, and the balance represents "debts due by Cuban planters and merchants to bankers, merchants,' and manufacturers of thé United States. So long as th»» wa* continues that mass of capital win re mufti entirely unproductive ; while if it is much prolonged it may be utterly lost. .We have already seen that pjevioos tc», the war the taxes were so heavy that the country was unable to bear them. Will they be lighter after peace is restored ? In the first place, Spain never abolishes a tax. To do so is against her traditional policy ; her history proves it. In the second place, two items alone of the future, per- manent expenditure will amount to a larger sum than that of the whole budget before the rebellion. The item for interest on the debt which Spain had imposed upon, the island was then 12,000,000 dollars ; and as the debt has already doubled, and before the war ends will be more than doubled, the »interest on it will rise to at least 25,000,000 dollars per annum. Before the. rebellion the cost of th« army and navy was 7,000,000 dollars; but as Spain will be compelled to keep in the island a muchr larger army, the future cost will bs at least 10,000,000 dollars. Add to these tiro items the others of the budget, which I shall leave as before, and a grand total is reached of 42,000,000 dollars, or 16,000,000dollars more than the amount of taxes collected in 1894, and 12,000,000 dollars more than the sum expended. That Spain will force thafc-\ revenue from the island so long as there ia anything to .extract it from, no one who knows Spain entertains tho least doubt? and such a proceeding will result in tba confiscation of whatever capital remains ia Cuba. Such will be the fate of American property under Spanish rule. Under the republic, on the other hand, as there is no public debt-for the so called Cuban bonds are an obligation in- curred by Spain, and ,Cuba is in no way. responsible for it-there will be no interest: . to pay; and a budget of some 7,000,000 dollars or 8¿000,000 dollars will fully pro- ' vide for all the current ordinary wants o£ the Government and for purposes o£ national interest, which, though always neglected by Spahl, are necessary for the material development of the country. Again, the commerce of the United States? with the island, which sometimes has risen to about 100,000,000 dollars a year, will be exposed to perpetual fluctuation and losses so long as Spain is allowed to remain in Cuba. During the last two years it has dwindled down to almost nothing; and it will suffer a greater reduction if the war continues. Under the republic, the per- turbing causes having disappeared, it will flow on uninterruptedly, and will reach a. magnitude never yet attained. Cuba will not then have to go to Spain annually for." 30,000,003 dollars or 35,O00;0O0 dollars of. merchandise, which she can obtain much cheaper in the United States, and which she bad to order from the peninsula be- cause the Customs tariff favoured the Spanish ^producer to the extent iof 250" to - 4OOO per .cent. Indeed, I shall be very much mistaken ir. within a few years after / Cuba becomes independent, her commerce . with the United States does not rise to. twice the figure it reached before the war. 