CHRIST'S HUMAN UNDER .,STANDING. (By,the Rev. E. J. Gough, I.A., Rector of St. Paul's, Dundee.) Sitting in the midst of the doctors.-St. Luke ii., 46. "Sitting in the midst of the doctors." We must be careful, in considering this sole incident of our blessed Lord's boy hood, to keep strictly within the limits of snthat is actually written in the Gospels. Christian sentiment, Christian art, and commonly accepted notions are not al ways quite true guides. To begih with, that Jesus should be found thus sitting among the doctors was not in itself any thing unusual, but quite customary and a matter of course. Round the sacred precincts of the temple were chambers where the Rabbis sat for this purpose. and to these the Jewish lads, who came up to keep the Passover. resorted, to be catechised and instructed in the law and the holy scriptures. Jesus. therefore. WENT THERE JUST AS THE OTHER BOYS of His own age did. Nor. again, when there, are we to picture Him as acting in an unusual way. He assumed no ex tlaordinary attitude as a teacher, among the Rabbis, as some pictures have re presented Him; He behaved in no way5 differently from the rest-at any rate. there is not a word in St. Luke to war rant the assumption that He did so. "Sitting in the midst of the doctors. hear ing them. and asking them questions" that is what the gospel record says. "Hearing them;" that is. listening like the rest, respectfully and as a pupil. to their instructions. Nor is there anything unusual in the expression. "ASKING THE3M QUESTIONS." All the Jewish-scholars were invited to interrogate their teachers as to the meaning of Scripture, or of the many and varied religious observations en joined upon them. And now, regarding this incident in its true bearings, we shall find same great lessons deductible from it for our learn ing and for our comfort. And in the fore. front this-the relation in which this true and real manhood of Jesus Christ stands to our own in regard to matters of the mind and intellect. What per fect sympathy with all our mental in firmities and intellectual perplexities, all our difficulties and dangers in arriving at certain knowledge and secure belief. can He feel for us. who can look back to those years in Galilee and Jerusalem. when His own human mind was expand ing to theiipprehesnion of Divine Truth. and when He. as Bo:y and Man, was working His way. as we have to work ours. to full creaturely intelligence? He knows. thetrefore. the many by-pathns along that way of truth,. the many seduc tive voices that would lead our minds astray to the right or to the left; He is "t'ouched with the feelings of our in firmities." mental as well as bodily. He has infinite patience, therefore. with doubters, whose doubts are honest. and whose hearts are humble: only remember they must be that. With the doubt that does not doubt itself, which has pride b_-hind it and pride within it. Christ call have no sympathy; for of all,human souls His was the most absolutely humble. "Learn of Mie: I am meel: and Iowly in heart." But. secondly. WE LEARN FROM OUR LORD'S TRUE BOYHOOD AND MIENTAL GROWTH in what manher and by what means all such growth must be attained. BWhat a lesson. first of all. as to the necessity of study. and mental effort and earnest use of the faculties with which God has en dowed us each: A lesson. surely, for the youung. Schoolboys may learn from this Boy in the Jewish school diligence in study, earnest endeavor to acquire all useful knowledge. the serious responsi bility of these youthful days of prepara tion for life here and hereafter. Ay. and older persons. too. may well consider whether they really use sufficiently their intellectual powiers in the study of the things of God. This is a day of cheap knowledge. compendiums of news, litera ture light indeed and abundant: but on how mnany tables does one find a theo logical Irok. or a treatise on some ,'hurch doctrine? Opinions are hastily formed on the most serious subjects. and as hastily given. with no real or prayerful study-these are the order of the day. Again. it is surely significant that THE BASIS OF THAT "TNDEP.R STANDING" :sas the knowledge of Holy Scripture. Like Timothy later. "from a child He had known the Holy Scriptures." In those quiet days at Nazareth He had learned from Mary's lips the sacred writings. the Pentateuch. the psalms, the pro phiets: it waoo His knoatwl--,- I nn,' --,inser suanirng" or lxnese tleat astonish-2-rd - the doctors: but He attained that knowledge by study as a Boy in the village home and the village schoal. And it is "- marltable that in His temptation in the wilderness He met and conquered the Tempter altogether with "'the sword of the Spirit. which is the worl of God;" that in His dying hour on the cross the sev-en last words are almost entirely quotoftions from the p-salms. It was b. his knowledge of prophecy that He understood, in the three years of His pub lic life. the plot ever thickening around Him. and how the will of God. which He ever sought to do and bear, is hound up with its :accomplishment: -The Scripture must be fulfilled"-again and again He reiterates it; and by His kInowledge of Holy Scripture it is that. after the re surrection. He can "'begin at Moses and all the prophets.' and expound to the lierplexed disciples the "things concern ing Himself." THE VALUE OF THE OLD TESTA M3ENT SCRIPTURES. -Men nowadays incline to treat lightly these Old Testament Scriptures, to cavil at the date or authorship of a psalm or a prophecy: yet from thrse the Son of man drew into His human mind Divine truth and the knowledge of the Divine will. "Search the Scriptures." he said: "they are they which testify of Me." alight we not profit iby His experience and by His advice? Is it not a warning to teachers to give to instruction in the Holy Scriptures the first place in their system of education, and to parents that they send their children to schools where this is done? But. again, n-we have in the Holy Child an example of the capacity with which a sinless nature can assimilate Divine truth. Truly THE SECRET OF HIS WONDERFUL "UNDERSTANDING" lay very largely in the fact that while in His human nature He was in all points, mental as well as bodily, even as we are. yet He was wholly "without sin.' Between that Boy and God there was never the smallest shadowr. Never did He lay His head on the pillow at nighlt with the prick of conscience at the re membrance of a lie told during the day,. or a word of passion, or an act of dis obedience or implurity. The conscience wras cleal, the soul and body clean and w-hite. and so the mind and heart lay like a translucent mirror under tile revela tion of God. Between God's will and that Boy's there was absolutely no diver gence. "I come to do Thy will, O God;" it was the rule of His boyhood as of His later years. And to that opening intelli gence to wrhich DIVINE TRUTH WAS EVER A CONSTANT JOY, God found endless avenues by which to reach His sinless human consciousness. Did He in later years teach His disciples what the lilies meant, the grass of the field, orthe fo-wls of the.air? He was but teaching them whit-He himself had learned w-hen He roamed in His spotless childhood oc'er --the hills of Nazareth. God was, indeed, from infancy onwards, in all His thoughts; the very fount of Godhead lay behind His assumed hu manity, and into the expanding human mind poured its treasures of grace and truth. Do we, men and women, learn here the secret of our dulness -in the things of God. our indifference and apathy about them? Is this what our blessed Lord meant when he said, "Ye must be converted, and become as little children:" and that "things hid from the wise and prudent",may be "revealed unto babes?" Ah! but you are inclined to say "WE ARE NOT SINLESS AS HE -WAS; our consciences are searP1 with the memory of sins gone by; our souls weakened and defiled with the burden and the strain of sins still present; our hearts and minds are no mirrors for the Divlne revelation, or, if they ever were so, those mirrors are dulled, and will re fiect nothing." I know it. I know it, yet I am inclined to repeat the lines of the old hymn " There is a Fountain filled with blood, Draw-n from Emmanuel's veins." We are not sinless, but we may "wash our robes and make them white in the blood of the Lamb." Penitence, true and real confession, realised forgiveness, these are' within our reach, by God's in finite mercy, and it. is those who live under this constant cleansing who will keep the mirror of the soul bright.to -ie dect-God's image andlGod's truth.'-Yet, finally; we miust remembef-this, that IT IS NOT BY MERE .HUMAN IN TELLIGENCE OR ILUMAN STUDY, - though'these be needed, that Divine mknowledge lI apprehended,- There is another faculty, of the soul rather than of the, intellect or the mind, which we call spirituality, which is essential for understanding the truth of God. Deep in the human soul of Jesus this spiritual faculty dwelt It was this that made the sights and sounds of nature, on the soft uplands and quiet valleys of Gali lee, full of the thoughts of God, and drew His human soul into the' contemplation of that unseen world in which His God head from all eternity had lived. It was this that made that first visit to Jeru salem and to the Father's house so full of burning interest and holy joy to the Child of Nazareth, and with it there was joined that deep reverence of spirit which ever characterises the souls in which God is making Himself felt and known. Indeed. that Divine gift dwells in each regenerate soul which God the Holy Ghost has made His temple; only let us remember how in one that Divine capacity becomes enlarged, and in an other seemingly undeveloped. Dw we, then, know WHAT TENDS TO DEVELOP AND WHAT TO HINDER these spiritual gifts? Indeed, I think we do. For what says the apostle?-"They that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh, and they that are after the Spirit the things of the Spirit;" and again. "The carnal mind is enmity against God." Ease, luxury, self-indulgent modes of life, a mind en grossed solely with business and the cares of this transient world - these, given way to, will indeed leave dormant in the soul its highest powers, will stunt its growth and check its development. On the other hand, it is wonderful how the spiritual capacity of the soul may be trained by Divine grace, where the flesh is subdued to the Spirit. How in tuitive the knowledge of the Divine will. how clear the insight into deepest mystery. how sure the steps in the path of truth (where others can hardly see their way). which some souls attain even in this world of uncertainty and doubt; But "this kind goeth not out but .by prayer and fasting." It must be so, surely; for what are His own words?-He Who knew our life. Who was Himself Boy and alan. Who "learned"-::y. "learned by the things that He suffered." Were they not these? -"Blessed are the pure. in heart; for they shall see God." TO LABOR IS TO PRAY. " Qui laborat orat."-St. Augustine. B. J. 31. DONNE. When we reach the close of day, When for calm repose we pray, Nature--et her rest so chara- r\hispers softly. grae though kind. "Stagnant grows the vacant mind." "Laborare eat orarel" When we think we're earned our rest, Owning perhaps some feathered esot, Matters ofote rulo contrarr; Is it stern, cold Nemesis As censor sighs, and murmurs this, "Laborare eat orare?" Running low the sands of life, Longing perhaps to quit the strife, Feeling beaten, weak. and weary; Then a -oice, subdued though clear, F-ils like a consecrated tear, "Laborare eat orate." When we count our miseion do."" When our ha?vrest's gathered home, Thee we reach the sanctuary- We may sleep--our earthly toil iias won the heavenly conuterfot , "'Laborare est crate." In the will is earnest, prayer: If your hear, and sinew's there, Make these words your breviary: "The stl::gard never wins repose, That the active only knows, 'Laborare eot orare " 