Chatter ■ XIX. A bright bracing morning liacl. tempted ilir. Sabin's niece to wander farther in her walk than she had intended^when she Srst went out to enjoy the fresh air, and, having climbed to the top of a. hill from which an extensive view could be, she was so absorbed'in the con templation of the wide stretch of dancing waters which could be seen from her exalted position that she did not hear approaching footsteps, nor was she aware that she was not entirely alone, until she was startled by loud breathing within.a few feet of where shestood. With astonishment she turned quickly and1 exclaimed— " Lord Wolfenden!" He laughed at her surprise and took off his cap. He was breathless, for he had been scrambling up the steep ' side of the hill oh which she was standing looking steadfastly Dut to sea. Down in the valley from which he had come "a small boy with a bag of golf clubs oh his back was standing making imaginary swings at the ball which lay before him. " '"Isaw you from below," he explained.; "I couldn't help coining up. You don't mind.-"' "No, I am glad to "see you," she. said simply. " You startled me, that is alll I did not "hear you coming, and I had forgotten ■ almost wlvere.I was. I was thinking!" He stood by her side, his cap still in his '.hand, facing the strong sea wind. Again he •was conscious of that sense of extreme pleasure which had always marked his chance meetings with her.' This time he felt perhaps that there was some definite reason for it.' There was something in her expression, when she had turned so swiftly found, which'seemed to tell him tliat her first words were not altogether meaningless. She was looking a little pale, and he fancied also _ a little sad. -There was' an inexpressible^ wistfulness . about her soft, dark eyes; the light and charming gaiety of her manner, so un-English and'so attractive to him, had given place to quite another mood. Whatever her thoughts might have been when he bad first seen her there,.her tall, slim figure, 'outlined so clearly against the abrupt sky line, ■ they "were at all events scarcely pleasant'ones. He felt that his sudden appearance had. not been unwelcome to her, and he was unreason ably pleased. "You are still all alone," lie remarked. " Has Mr. Sabin not arrived ?" She shook her head. "I am all alone and I am fearfully and miserably dull: This placet does not attract me at all—not at this time of the year. I have "not heard from my uncle. He may be here at any moment.". . There was no time like the present. He was suddenly bold. It was an opportunity which might never be vouchsafed to him agaiu. "May I come with you a little way along . the cliffs?" he asked. . '■ She looked at him and hesitated. More than ever he jvas aware of some subtle change 'in her. It was as though her mental attitude towards him had adapted itself in some way to this hew seriousness of demkanour. It was written in her features ; his eyes ,read it . eagerly. A certain aloofness, almost hauteur, about the lines of her mouth, creeping out ' even in her most careless tones, and plainly manifest in the carriage of her head, was absent. She seemed immeasurably nearer, to him. She was softer and more womanly. Even her voice, in its new and more delicate notes, betrayed the change. Perhaps it was only a mood ; yet he would take advantage of it. " What about your golf ?" she said, motion ing down into the valley where his antagonist was waiting. . Oh, I can easily arrange that," he declared cheerfully. "Fortunately I was playing the professional and he will not mind leaving off." He waved to his caddie and scribbled a few lines on the back of a card. "Give that to McPherson," he saidi "You can clean my clubs and put them in my locker. I shall not. bei playing again this morning." The boy disappeared down the hill. They stood for a moment side by side. "I have spoilt your game," she said. "I am so sorry!" : He laughed. "I think you know," he said boldly, "that 'I would rather spend five minutes with,you than a day at golf." She moved on with'a smile at the corner of her lips. "What a downright person you are," she said. " But, honestly, to-dav I am not in the mood to be alone. I am possessed with an un • easy spirit of sadness !' I am afraid of my own thoughts!" "I am only sorry," he said, "that you . should have any that are not happy ones! ■ Don't you think, perhaps, that you are a little lonely ? You seem to have' so few friends !" "It is not. that," she answered. "I have many and very dear friends, and it is only for a little time that I am separated from them ! It is simply that I am not used to solitude,; and I am becoming a creature of moods and .presentiments. .'It is very foolish that I'give way to them ; but to-day I am miserable. You must stretch out that strong hand of yours, my friend, and pull me up !" "I will do my. best," he said. "I am afraid I cannot claim that there is anything in the shape of affinity between us, for to-day I am particularly happy!" She met his eyes briefly and looked away seawards, with the. ghost of a sorrowful smile upon her Ijps. Her words sounding like a warning. "Do not be sure," she said. "It may not last!" . . "It will last," he said, "so. long as you choose; for to-day you are the mistress of my moods!" i '" Then I am very sorry for you," she said earnestly. ... \- Ho.laughed it off,,but her words "brought a certain depression with tliem. He went on to speak of something else. • " I have been thinking about you this morn ing," he said. "If your uncle is going to play golf here it will be very dull for you. . Would you.care for my mother to come and see you ? She would be delighted, I. am sure, for it is dull for her, too, and she is fond of ■young people.-: If you " . He stopped short. She was shaking her head slowly. The old despondency was back in her . face. Her eyes were full of trouble.' She laid her delicately- gloved fingers upon his arm. ■ ' "My friend," she said, "it is very kind of you to think of it, but it is impossible. I aannot -tell you.why as I would wish. But at • present I do not desire any "acquaintances. I must not in fact think of it. It would give me great pleasure to know your mother, only I must not. Believe me that it is impossible Wolfenden was a little hurt—n good deal' mystified, it was a very odd thing ! He was' not in the least a snob, but he knew that the visit of the Countess of Deringham, whose name was still great in the social world, was a thing not to bcrefnsed without grave reasons by a girl in the position of Mr. Sabin's niece. The old question came back to him with irre sistible emphasis. Who were these ■ people ? He looked at her furtively. He was an-ob servant man in the small details of a. woman's toilette, and he knew that he had never met a girl better turned out than his present com panion. The cut of her tailor-made gown was perfection, her gloves and boots could scarcely have come from anywhere but Paris. She carried herself, too, with a perfect ease and indefinable distinction, which could-only have come to her by descent. She wa3 a perfect type of the woman of breeding—unrestrained, yet aristocratic to the tips of her finger-nails. He sighed as he looked away from her. " You are a very mysterious young woman !" he said with a forced air of gaiety. "I am afraid that l am," she admitted re gretfully. "lean assure you that I am very tired of it. But it will not last for very much louger!" "You are really going away, then 2" he asked quickly. ' "Yes ! We shall not be in England much longer." " You are going for good2" he asked. "I mean to remain away 2" "When we go," she said, " it is very doubt ful if ever I shall set' my foot on English soil again 1" ( To be continued.) , 