CHATTER XIV.—Continued. Explanations were in order and soon the stalwart Irishman, with a heart as big as a mountain, more or less, according to the size of the mountain, put his arm about the back of the chair, and, in a moment, the young gentleman was stretched out on one of those mammoth "settees" which used to adorn the rooms of our grandparents. Mrs. North brought a huge bed-spread and threw it over him, and in an incredibly short time Pinnie was sound asleep, dreaming of a Miss Iss and a Miss Wass, and paint palettes. At 8 o'clock he was still sleeping, and word was sent over to the cottage as we have seen. At 9 o'clock he was awakened; the little dimity maid gave him a cup of tea, and put him to bed. And thus Pinnie had fallen into good hands. Ten o'clock came as usual, and so did 11. Then Mrs. North was a little startled by a knock at the door. Bonar brought in a note and a package sent up by one of the trusted clerks. The note stated that a " directors' meeting" would keep Conrad down town until late, and suggested that she retire and not sit up for him. He also requested that the package be placed in the muniment room, and stated that one of the old watch- men of the office was even then on the grounds to keep an eye on the premises. The package was soon stowed away, and so was Mrs. North ; and all the great house was still. Mrs. North slept well, the storing of valuables in the muniment room being of frequent occurrence. The slow hours of the night crept silently on, the moon rising full and high over the long pile of brick and masonry, and peeping through the trees. The faithful watchman filled and refilled his pipe, and tramped back and forth upon that side of the house where the treasure was stored. About 1 o'clock the ferry whistle snorted as though angry at the late call, and the sound went echoing over hill and forest. It struck wildly upon Pinnie's unaccustomed ears, as he lightly slept in the vast bed, and he awakened in some slight alarm. It took a moment for him to realize where he was in the darkness —a darkness trimmed with the silver moon light streaming into his room. He heard a key thrust into the door, a step coming softly up the stairs, a door open and shut—and all was still. He turned over once more to sleep—but his eyes would not stay closed. The late entrance was by Conrad. An hour after, in the heavy shadows of the trees, upon the east side of the house, where the low moon was casting a dark pathway of gloom from the tall chimneys to the trees, a man sat on the ground, calmly watching the comfort of the faithful old guard, not ten rods away. He was still peacefully smoking his pipe. It was a tall, thin, cadav- erous old man—and we have met him before, though now no sepulchral cough warns us of his presence. His face was not now of ashen hue. His eyes were bright and luminous— his ears keen to the unfolding of the beetle's wing. Every sense was alert. He carried nothing in his hands but around his waist was a cord, and on one end a small steel grapnel. In his belt a sheath knife was hidden, and a pistol, both under a loose blouse. As the shadows deepened the old man rose from the ground, stepped forward to the lim- it of the shadows, as silently as a cat and briskly as a fox. Inspecting the ground a moment, he dart- ed to a dark recess in the building—and to a portion of the structure where no sleepers were near within. A moment later and he was on the roof of the moonlit side—the guard being upon the other. He softly crept along the edge of the roof with his feet in the huge gutters. He seemed to know his strength, and paused not a moment in his progress until beneath the largest chimney on the building. He then threw himself flatly upon the steep roof, and, with the aid of the kedge, or grapnel, crawled to the mammoth flues. He knew full well that no guard could distinguish a man's head or body at that distance amid the varying forms and shadows of the roofs. A moment thereafter a dark form emerges from the blackened wall of a large fireplace, in the great old diningroom of the ancestral wing of the North homestead. It hugs the wall in crouching attitude, with tread si- lenced by the wool on the soles of his shoes. Creeping thus to the further end, he reaches a panel which he can only distinguish in the darkness by touch. Having located the place, he restfully straightens up and peers round the room, which apparently is of the width of the structure, having windows at both ends. He waits until his eyes enlarge to meet the darkness. The opium does its work. They are luminous, and, like two phosphorescent balls, burn in the gloom like the two flaming eyes of the panther. Though unseen, his face is aglow, and his heart fired with an irrepressible courage. But he does not forget his ritual. Skill is useless with- out safety. Swiftly he darts across the room and tries to unfasten a window and push it open. It is in vain. It is securely locked. Without a moment's delay he takes from his blouse a little brace and drill bit. In another moment he is grinding away at the glass with a well-oiled drill of the hardest steel, and in an astonishingly short time it is through. He takes from another pocket a roll of black cloth. As he unrolls it an oiled paper is taken off and the cloth pressed firm- ly against the pain of glass. It sticks tight- ly to every part. Then the old man inserts the drill into the hole he has bored, presses sideways—and the glass breaks in every direction: but not a piece falls to the floor, nor is there any noise. The glass is wholly glued to the cloth. If driven from his work by danger, he will plunge headlong through this opening, but otherwise go as he came. He now returns to his panel. Not over ten minutes have been lost With the butt end of his sheath knife he worms a hole under the panel and pries it up. He bends up the painted metal, but the bolt of the lock does not give way. The old man's slender hand is inserted—and the keys are his. Now the vault is opened—both doors. The burglar enters, closing the inner and lighter door behind him. A "lucifer" is scratched and a dark lantern lighted. It is the su- preme moment, to a ghoul who preys upon his fellows. And his rapid heart-beats are audible to the old man in the silence—a silence which he can almost feel within those brick walls. The package lies before him. His hands are upon it. What if, during this work of darkness, in the mysterious night, there had been a man of stout heart and herculean frame in that old dining room of the Norths? What if this man, whose courage may have been tested in the hot battle, were to calmly seat himself in the dark shadows, while those two visible eyeballs swept around the room, and thus watch the cata- mount cut its way silently through glass! And then follow them through iron doors to a windowless vault! And suppose this wit- ness silently follows into the thick darkness and musty air, and feels that there were two entombed—whence but one could come forth alive! And finally, what if that desperate old cat lights his candle-lantern, seizes the treasure, turns quickly around; and finds himself face to face, not with a giant, but with—Pinnie? Ye gods! But what a scene! The old man cried aloud, stepped back a pace or two, dropped the package and trem- bled from head foot—a cold prespiration covering his body. "The ghost!" he murmured. His ruddy face was white with fear, and the ashen hue crept over and upon it. The effect of the drug was overcome by fear and a hollow cough filled the vault. It was all in a moment. Before the start- led face of the youth had evidenced his won- der, with paled lips at that phantom before him, quick as the flash of light from his knife the old devil leaped to his victim, and flesh or spirit, grasped the yielding form by the throat and bore it to the stony floor. His knife was raised to strike! But the light reached that face before the knife. The descending knife swerved to the stone floor and the blade was broken from the hasp! The blow had been parried by those grape purple eyes—and a hopeless face which he had seen before. "Dirt or devil?" he hissed as he loosened his hand upon the throat. But there was no answer. "Speechless? Then, by heavens, you are spirit!" Still the night eyes looked, calm and gen- tle, into his. The old wretch was fascinated. He took his hand from the throat and stroked the brow of the boy. "Surely you are flesh and blood, Hubert?" But not a word from Pinnie. The old man shook him. "Say, are you real?" The lips parted and muttered some- thing too indistinctly to be heard. "By heavens! you are real, or else this drug has played me false." Then suddenly he changed his tone to gentleness. "Look here, boy, I want to know who you are— what is your name?" "Pinnie," gasped the youth as if in night- mare. The robber was thrilled as by an electric shock. "See here, boy; is your name Pinnie!" "Yes." "Where did you get it? Did that come from a Spaniard called the Tiger?" "Yes." "Hell and fury! Where did you come from?" "The sea," replied the youth, a brightness in his look. "Am I dreaming, and this but the phan- tom of that drug? Young man, where have you been for twenty years?" "At the school." "Where do you live now?" "Where you saw me before." "Well, boy, I shall not harm you, nor let any one else. But don't you ever let that Spanish devil get his hands on you, or your time will be at hand." "Who are you?' asked the boy with more confidence. "Never mind. Your name is Hubert—but make no changes now." "And you—are——?" "Stop! Say not another word." But it was not necessary to caution him. The ex- traordinary influence of the face before and over him and the expectation of death had sustained the frail boy. That removed, he fell back upon the outlaw's arm unconscious. The robber laid him gently upon the floor and arose. Quickly grasping the treasure, he passed through the vaulted doors and passed to the fireplace. But in that ten se- conds a terrible struggle had been going on in the crime-scarred breast of the man. He paused a moment and drew deep sighs. The next step was backward. Retracing, he re-entered the vault, replaced the packet —and vanished. He could not condemn his own son to shame, and perhaps to prison. 