Literary Notes. Reviews of Books. Pickle and Pepper. By Ella Loraine Dorsey (Benzlger Brothers, New York. Price, 85 cents). This is a highly amusing yet very in structive book as to how children's faults should be dealt with. Pickle and Pepper are very much in evidence throughout these pages, but we hardly know, unless there is to be a sequel, in Which their actions may control the plot in a stronger way, why the above should be the title. The story is an American one, and our idea of Australian children, gained by actual contact with them, is that if this be a true picture of American children, then our own are paragons in comparison. The influence of good home training, the regular reception of the sacraments, and the instructions of the parish priest are well brought out. Reverses come to the little family, and the wife's devotion is admirably pourtiayed. Sickness is added to their troubles, but is borne bravely, and Pickle, who Bacriflces his overcoat to a poor waif in a snowstorm, catches a severe chill. A change of resi dence being necessary, the family are brought to a locality where they meet with what purports to be "an old witch." Pepper, however, innocently disarms the old lady, who having lost such a child, had steeled her heart to God, and practised the tricks of the wizard. The family care for her in her illness, and she in turn proves to be a fairy godmother. The story is brightly and attractively written, and we commend it very heartily to fathers, mothers and little ones. Mabiolatby. Eev. Henry G. Ganss (" Ave Maria," Notre Dame, Ind. Price, 25 cents). ContbovebsiaIi works are not always satisfactory. The clash of conflicting opinions are never so strongly displayed as when disputants set out to prove two opposite sides of a question. The usual features of the controversalist's work are, however, happily absent from this intensely interesting volume. Father Ganss, who is a learned and self-contained polemical writer, shows no bitterness in the contro versy, but calmly and with admirable pre cision divests the bigot's arguments of their worth. The teaching of the Church on the veneration paid to the Blessed Virgin is dispassionately set forth, and the book is replete with quotations from all the best Protestant writers. " Mariolatry" is certain to have a much larger circulation than the sermon which called it forth. How to Comfobt the Sick. Prom the original of Bev. Jos. Aloysius Erebs, C.S.S.R. (Benziger Brothers, New Tork. Price, 1 dollar). The object of the book is to be a guide for nurses, and more especially for religious who devote themselves to the care of the sick. The volume throughout inspires one with the idea that the care of the sick should be regarded as a vocation, and that great attention should be paid to the quali fications for entering upon this important work. It deals especially with the spiritual side of the sick according to the conception of the Catholic Church ; but anyone perus ing the volume will find it replete with aids for the physical requirements of thoBe committed to the care of nurses. The book deals with " Assistance to be given when patients have temptations ;" " Conduct to wards them in protracted illnessj" " How to care for the sick in their own dwellings or in hospitals, &c.;" An especially worthy volume not only for nurses but for heads of families. The Month of Ottr Lady. From the Italian, by the Bev. John F. Mullany, D.D. (Benziger Brothers, New Tork. Price, 25 cents). The translator of this volume very rightly considers that he is rendering a service to religion by presenting this old work in a "new English dress. In writing' the original the Bev. Augustine Ferran aimed at supplying a useful book of meditation suitable for each day in May, and he has succeeded admirably. The various titles accorded to the Blessed Virgin-form the subject of each meditation, and the aspirations of the saints and the fathers in her honor are freely used. Dr. Mullany's book should be invaluable to religious. From the Catholic Truth Society have 'received " Six Lectures on Ghosts," a. series of addreBseB by the Bev. P, C. Toj;ke^ ift' defehce of the Church.. Bather, Torke is well known in the "United" States as an earnest and erudite pripst, and he touches upon the most salient objections raised by Protestants to the Catholic faith. The somewhat unusual title, is explained by a startling analogy, " The Church is like a haunted house. Popes, Jesuits, monks, cardinals, nuns stalk through its rooms, shrieks and groans are mingled with unholy revelry, and blasphemy against the Most High. The pious Protestant stops his ears and flies from the acursed Bpot. But, when the sun rises, all those ghosts hie them away," NeedlesB to say the ghosts are dispelled by the X-rays of Father Yorke's logic. The "Beligion of Science" is the title of a preliminary pamphlet "containing proofs of the soul, living apart from the human body," by Boolin Parkie, of Gawler. The substance of the pamphlet appeared in several letters to the local " Bunyip." We do not know whether any sense could be read into the letters as they originally appeared, but the contractions since made would puzzle a Philadelphia lawyer to elucidate. We can only stare and wonder what on earth the author is driving at. Messrs. Geo. Bobertson and Co. have sent us their monthly book-circular for May. In addition to the works mentioned above, Messrs. Benziger Brothers have sent us "The little Altar Boys' Manual," which contains complete instructions to acolytes. The dangers that beset the literary critic are brought out by the action of Miss Marie Corelli, who has threatened the publisher of Mr. W. P. Byan's" Literary London" with an action for libel. Miss Corelli has been so scornful of critics that her sensitiveness in this instance is some what astonishing. Mr. Byan is ready to take up the gauge cf battle in the Courts on behalf of his publisher, and to show cause why Miss Corelli should be classed amongst "Authors I cannot take seriously." He certainly does not deny her "an educa tional and quickening influence." The question is whether it is libellous to Bay that this influence is exercised in "forlorn back-rooms and boarding-bouses" rather than in other circles. The decision will, we suppose, rest with the lawyers. If the case goes against Mr. Ryan, he will, it is to be feared, have a fine crop of actions to. face should the other subjects of his criticism be in a combative mood. A writer in Reynolds' Newspaper charges the poet Burns with plagiarism, and the evidence produced to prove it seems con clusive. It appears that Burns freely used the songs of others without giving credit. It is calculated that of 309 songs attributed to Burns, only 151 are original, the remain ing 158 being appropriated or derived from old ballads. Literary circles in Dublin have sustained a great loss by the death of Mrs. Hester Sigerson, the wife of Dr. Sigerson, the well known Irish scholar and litterateur. Mrs. Sigerson, who had scarcely attained the prime of life, was a lady of the very highest intellectual powers. Her novel—" A Ruined Race," has had a great circulation, and her poems, which frequently appeared in Irish periodicals, were very highly appreciated. Some amusing sayings and anecdotes from the liveB of the saints, especially St. Philip Neri, St. Vincent de Paul, St. Theresa, and St. Francis de Sales, will shortly be published by Messrs. Burns and Dates. The price has been fixed at a shilling, although the first booklet is small. The proceeds from the Bale are to be devo ted to defray the support of an English speaking chaplain for Catholic sailors and seamen in Genoa harbour. The work of collection has been entrusted by the Bishop of Genoa to the Very Rev. Mgr. Hay, Mis sionary Apostolic. Mb. A. E. Pools, late of Farina,, announces, by advertisement in another column, that he has taken the Old ColoniBt Motel, Norwood, where he will be glad to see old Northern friendR anil to make new ones. The hotel is within easy reach of the City, and trams pass the door every few minutes. 