j Footlight Facte SONGS OF THE NIGHT. j BY • PASSE PARTOUT." As an additional attraction in our columns devoted to the criticism of current theatrical events and the chronicling of doings and movements of professionals in this and other colonies, we purpose each week giving the words of the "song of the night," t.e. the most popular comic, serio-comic or secular song being sung in Perth at the moment. This idea -was resolved upon so great was the demand for the issue of the SUXDAY CHRONICLE containing the words of the song "The Little Tin Gee-Gee," sung by Miss Fanny Wentworth, of Rickards' Biograph Co., in the Theatre Royal during the recent season of vaudeville there. This week we present— No. 2—" IT'S GETTING LARGEE,' the song which Mr. Frank Leon (late of Rickards' Biograph Co.), now of Rickards' Trivoli Company,, appearing at Creniorne Gardens, is making such a hit with :— Uow I am a most peculiar man, Who's always in misery; Meat and potatoes, fish and beans They never agree with me. The Doctors say Fm moulting And my appetite is the worst, But there's one cou-so-lation, Every day my blessed thirst Is getting larger, getting larger, I started with pints and then With quarts,, Now I take gallons of different sorts; All my pals point to "my nose and say Larger, larger, larger, larger, Larger every day. I keep a lot of poultry But my chickens they will not lay Eggs half large e;:ougli for me, So what did I do one day ; I got the kitchen bellows and Blew down their necks with glee, Now every time they lay an egg I'm very pleased to see They're getting larger, getting larger, They used to lav eggs so tiny and small, Now ihey'r -. as big as a punching ball ; Coo I old wind, doesn't it make 'em lay Larger, larger, larger, larger, Larger ever}- day. My wife's mamma lias caught the craze Of riding a safety bike, - And to put the bloomers on She said she would really like ; Now you talk about a pair of legs, Why she always could hold her own, But since she rides the blooming bike God bless the blarney stone— They're getting larger, .getting larger, They're half a yard round at the smalle part, The tops are as large as a wheel of a cart, When she rides, oh, wh -t a giand display Larger, larger, larger, larger, Larger every day. Parice," in the Melbourne some time back with the " Trip to Chinatown " Co., is reported to be coming out again under engagement to Rickards! May the Lord have mercy on us ! Rickards has given us a few " stiff *uns" lately.- Why inflict us still more with this horror, that had to be packed off home by " the firm " soon after she arrived ? Chunks of a printed letter fronv George Darrell:—" I am afraid I shall have to leave England for Australia or Africa. . . . I really cannot stand the climate, . . . Otherwise I have nothing to complain of London. . . . Have seen nothing in London that I wouldn't do in W.A. if I had the chance. . . .. The mere ambition to act doesn't , possess me for one moment." Thank God for this last item. How grateful London ought to be that he has " otherwise nothing to complain of." Were it not for that ambition to act having died out London might have something to complain of. However, Limelight George was always a shrewd advertiser, when he got the chance to write his own notices. The new management .at the Perth Fayre since Monday night last have experienced fair business. For a multitude of reasons it is best not to say too much re the change of management. Suffice it to say that the artists are satisfied that "the ghost will walk " {ie. salaries will be paid) on Monday next, if they weren't last Monday. Miss Celia Ghiloni made her reappearance on the Perth Fayre boards last Wednesday night, when also Miss Florrie St. Clair appeared, Both went well. Harry Grant, late treasurer to Jones and Lawrence, left for the eastern colonies suddenly and silently . the other night. Why ? and echo answers Why? The artistes at the Fayre, had they known of his contemplated trip eastwards, would not have presented Harty with travelling bag. There was at least one subpoena ready to be served upon Grant, last Thursday. The Theatre Royal opens to-night {Saturday—these notes are bein written os Saturday morning) under the management of "the firm" of Pope, Sayles, Delohety, Craydon and Holland ; and in these inclined- to-be-chilly nights a visit to the Royal to see a really first-class variety show is recommended. Dick Davis is shortly off to India (or " Inja," as the stage manager at Cullen's benefit in the Town Hall on Tuesday night last announced) at an early date. At Cremorne Gardens with 'Any Rickards' show Lizzie Kirk continues to knock 'em with "She didn't know, she didn't understand." Lizzie could give the other serio ladies in die show ninety-nine yards start in a hundred and lose 'em In the press and shortly not to be published—" Fifteen months' Theatrical Management in the Sandy West—How we Beat our Artistes." The " Getting larger" man, Frank Leon, is one of the other successes at Cremorae. His biz. is all. brand new, and takes on immensely. Leon is Mr. Lizzie Kirk—or, I should say, Miss Kirk is Mrs. Frank Leon. The Lyre in the SCNIJAv CHRONICLE last week criticised the Cremorne show in his own peculiar manner, making the praise to those who deserved it all the sweeter by point-, ing out the defects of many others* Last week we received an advestisement; this week it was withdrawn " Of such are the kingdom of theatrical managers. Jack Cullen's benefit in the Town Hall, Perth, last Tuesday night was a financial success. Those who helped were Master Fred Leslie, Irving- Sayles, Delohery, Craydon, and Holland, Frank Morris, Tom Davison, W. Hodge, and Dick Davis. Mr, Coward acted as a very efficient accompanist. Hirving Sayles and Delohery, Craydon and Holland go twice as well indoors as in the open air. This was proved at Cullen's benefit in the Town Hall. So now hurry along and hear the artistes named at the Theatre Royal. 