HOOLEY AGAIN. A story of Mr Hooley is told by a corres pondent of the new paper ' M. A. P.' He describes how some years ago he met Mr Hooley at a dinner There was (he writes) another guest at this dinner— a brilliant creature — who has seen all sides of human life ; has been journalist, politician, finan cier ; a grim fighter ; an incomparable raconteur, and of stories drawn from every phase of human life, from every region of the world. I don't know what devil pat it into our heads, hat the conversation turned 'on men that had been broken, and the name turned up of one who was known at one epooh to everybody in London, especially to everybody who went np to the City. There is no need to mention the name now ; everybody will reoognise it from the story. The- much- travelled reconteur was in his best vein, had told Btory after story — thrill ing, tragical, comic ; and, wben this name was mentioned, naturally he seized upon it, and told the story of life and death— for it was a story of life and death — with all the abnndant resources of his piotureBque lan guage, his gesture, his mimetic power. The Btory lent itself to suoh treatment. For its hero had tho reputation of immense wealth, lived in a grand street, entertained royally, was a magnate among promoters, kept horses — in faot, ran the whole gamut of the rioh, luxurious age and country in whioh we live. And then he took to crime — secret, undiscovered, never revealed, even to this hour. The day of reckoning oame. He went to his place in the country ; and then oame, from the lips of the raconteur, his description of the laBt hour of the doomed man. He met death, said the teller of the story, with the same audacious front he had always turned to the world. ' He first,' said tho raconteur, ' fired a shot at a tree to see if the revolver were ia good order, and then he fired a shot into his own brain. He was a game man.' Suddenly there oame over the dinner- table a ghastly silence, a thrill as of the ghost of the dead passing ; it lasted but for a few moments, but it seemed to mo a very, very long time. Mr Hooley was the first to speak, and spoke like the bravo, healthy creature I take him to be. He took a fork, traced a little bit of a farm ia his native country. If I'm 6ver broken,' he said, I won't blow out my brains ; I'll go down to that little farm with my wife and ohildren, and I'll turn farmer,' It was bravely spoken, and now that the dread hour has come. I trust that it will be as bravely acted. I know nothing about Mr Hooley's finanoial methods, bat I cannot bring myself to join the ignoble orowd that hunted him, toadied him, rained him in his hour of triumph, and that now trample on his prostrate body. 