. (By 'ASTON VILLA.') The first round of the Gardiner Cup Competi tion occupied attention on Saturdav, Owing to there being eleven entries only three ties were arranged for the first round, live clubs receiving byca. Of. the three ties played two wero between metropolitan clubs, and tho third between country clubs, so: that now four Sydney and four country The tie attracting most attention and the biir gost crowd was between Volunteer and Uahnuln (Cup-holders) at Wcntworlh I'ark. These teams bad already met twice this season, Volunteer winning at first trial, and a 'draw resulting from the:- second match, only two Saturdays ago. For this reason it was thought that u closeimd exciting match would be seen. The excitement was tlicriS but closeness, especially scoriiij.-, mis lacking. , From the jump Volunteer put on all steam, and in live minutes Watson opened the scoring amidst grcul excitement. Then followed tho fastest scoring yet witnessed here in a ' flrst-chus match. Within lumiu from their ilrst goiil Volunteer had added four more; and ISniln from the kick-oil they were 5 to the good, Trenholiu, White, and Carey being the scorers; while the fourth goal was in advertently seon-il bv Gibson- In trj-Jn' to Sear .The. desperate nature of their opponents' attack completely disorganised Balmuin, and Volimlecr through Uimner, scored u. sixth before half time Six goals would lake the heart out of most learnt lull to their credit, be it said, Uulmain pulled themselves together In the second half and had ?is much of the : play m the victors. After about, fifteen minutes Fergusun scored for llalmain, und play .became vciy Interesting. J.'eit'nsoii ogiiln put his side one more up, and it looked as- if Volunteer might have a run. for it. However Uio l'ymionl club again took, cluuge of -? affairs,' und some little time before the finish Trcnliolm, by a splendid shot, the best iu the afternoon, scored the seventh and last for Volunteer. Although tins score Is so oue-siilcd, (he pint was very interesting. Volunteer forwards won the match, their passing and combination being about Ihu best witnessed in Svdney for a season or two. White, Shaw, ami Treuiinltn were especially good, 'the good generalship of Shaw being largely re sponsible for circctiveucss of .the. front rank.- Be hind the -Volunteers were not so vcrv strong. Wat son at half, und lliinner.nl back, were very good; but the ntlicM in the )-»)M»lck und buck divisions were not. above the ordinary. . Vassclla was too wild, and White and Davics lacked experience; but llookc in goal was in gooil form, and made a 'successful re-appearance. Balmain, although- dis orguiiiscil in the first, half, showed during the second period more stoiulincss.' . IjO{juii in [£oul was not the Logan of old. In his old form he .would havo saved at least throe of the goals, but want of practice has materially nffectcd his play. Neither Gibson nor Tomb was up to form. Thur burn was the best of a riinky lino of halves, while the forwards wore all at sixes and sevens. John, sou lost a lot of his effectiveness through having n mate wlio is not sufficiently experienced. Audi' Ferguson, when ho went forward, was the best of (ho live, anil was ably seconded by JfCulloch. Phillips is n light of tin past. Ranger and Granvillc mrt mi Ilio University Oval in 'be tlrst lonnd tf the Gardiner Cun. Vcrv little interest wan taken in the mutch, 'ami Haii gers wore nil over the better team, \vinntn~ even tually b.v S goals to nil. On' their play asainsf I'oltinteor the piovioui Saturday .Cranvilh: were reckoned gwl enough to give Hangers a shaking up, but although having the same team the sub urbanites were seldom formidable. ? The Light Blue forwards favs a lino dlsnlar of combination. Their back division wants some stroiutliruinir, Swart 'und Fox being roaUY half baeWt. Sonic lioulilc arose in reference io lhi- referee The official appointed did not turn up. iind the mutch \i-as played under the guidimce of a fiubstitutf. . llolgownic Hangers, from Wollongong, showed their enrhusinsm by travelling to Wallsend to jji.i.-- iueir l-uji ne against \\\ csi ivallscnd, nnd were rewarded by winning bv 3 goals to 2 niter a hard game. It seems that all the country elnbs, with the exception of West Wallsend, agreed that m the event of two country clubs of distant districts bcn.g drawn togitber, both would travel to iivduov and play the tk- there, no matter who got I'hoic'e of ground. It bo happened that Wallsend got the choice of grounds, and stuck- to Ilieir jirirllcge Ivy making lialgonr.ie come to their ground. It seems a slight, retribution on them to lose the tie, '-mtvlatei?''10 'lgors arl! t0 bu 'xarUly con Auburn beat Ilnlinaln institute II. by 3 goals to nil sit Auburn tttlcr ;i hnrd y;une fil Ssi,o',ild°Ub'! flSUrCS b'V liralinS Volunteer II. celebrated their Ilrst appearance by compelling Carlton to acknowledge defeat by 2 (ronlo to 3. C-irlton, although all Youngsters, made a very good show, and should improve before the season 13 much older. T-.VO forfeits again occurred, Balmain II to the Hovers II.. and Cantorburv, who, seem to have given up the ghost, to Erskineville Waratah. In the Dcnton Cup CompctitionNfv.Titcs our -.e»xast!c TOmspondcnl) Keivcasti'e beat Adams town by 3 goals to 2.. ? -.'-r ,' ,,.nR.S'S', -^'JiKVrC.iKcwcastlc II. forfeited to Minii-,1 II., West Wallsend beat Newcastle 4 goals -fer-uil, and Wallsoml beat Adamstovvi, 2 foals 1 to SKCOXI) JUNIOR.— Adamstown beat Merewetlicr ?1 goals to nil, and Wallsend beat Greta 0 to nil. /At a meeting of the committee of the Associa tion the following players were chosen to repre sent the Northern District against South Coast in Svdney next Saturday:— Goal, li. l:lSy; backs, A. Jackson and F. Hartley; half-backs, ]-.. Harden, \\\\. Harrison, W. .M'lilainc; forward-., i;. .Martin li liUr™i- JVii'-air'' J' Ilarrison. ]!- Hartley, J. D. lluimlton (12). 