A FATAL MIISTAKE, OR MARRIED IN HASTE. By the author of "Shira," "Weeds and Flowers," etc., CHAPTER XXXIII.-(Continued.) All these, under-currents now began to swell upwards into waves, and the two ladies decided that, firstly, Adela' should try and induce this, her former schoolfellow, to speak, and then seek out the ex-housemaid, whom Mvatteson had bribed. The young lady in question was now about seventeen years of age, and had been, three years before, a great fa vourite with her elder companions. It seemed but natural that the mar ried pupil,. Mrs. Gilbert, should wish to se.e her late schoolfellows, and hav ing done so, obtain permission for this one to spend the day with her. This arrangement was more easily made, as Geoffery had left town for a couple of days, following up his enquiries. Adela and her companion soon found theenmselves in conversation, as of old. The matron honours of the one were qutickly lost sight of by the other, and in confidential chat, On?i, her strange disa,ppearance, hnd mysterious fate. were brought upon the tapis. What girl could keep such a clue, as this one conceived she possessed a se cret, when so much honour a.wadted the divulging it-the honour of pos sibly solving the eoigma of the other's disappearance? Adela learned-we can scarcely say either to her amaaze?ment or sa.tisfac tion, though something of the latter feeling tinged the discovery-that her young companion having been, as she knew, in the habit of leaving her own room, girl like, after all were supposed to be asleep, to creep to those of either Adela or Omi for a chat (sometimes they all met in one room), had, two nights after Adela's departure, been desired by Om.i, in the course of the day, not to come to her room that night. "Why not?" was the query. "Well, I don't feel very well, and wish to go t:o sleep early." Now, had this been said just prior to going to bed, with a weary look and heavy eyes, the other would have thought nothing of it; but when a warm blush accompanied the assertion of illness, and the bright eyes had all day looked excited and anxious, the plea of weariness could not be ac cepted. Curiosity and friendship offended kept the disappointed girl's eyes wide open and watchful. Not an inkling of the cause was in the watcher's mind, as she sat with her door ajar, light extinguished, and h'eart full of young girl jealousy, expecting to see some newer and more favoured com panion steal into Oni's room. Great, then, was her amazement and stupefaction to see Omi's door noise lessly open, and herself appear at it in a walking dress, shading the light with a trembling hand. The young girl described her cos tume "She had a close bonnet and thick veil, which she drew over her face, and your waterproof cloak on," continued the speaker, addressing Adela. "Are you sure, Lucy, that it was mine?" "Certain; for that mornin'g Omi and I were in your room, and she took your cloak away, off the peg, saying she wanted to measure it for some thing, I don't know what, for I paid little attention to her excuse for taking it. Omi was in your-cloak, and, after drawing down her close veil, she ex tinguished her light, and I heard her creeping along the passage and down the stairs. I stole after her. I was afraid to' go down; but I heard a door gently open and shut. I felt the cur rent of air, so I am. sure she went out. Oh," continued the speaker, "I was so terrified. I went back to my room, and sat trembling and crying on a chair at my door. I thought she had run away, and I knew there would be a dreadful to do. There I sat, it seemed, hours and hours. I was amazed when I saw afterwards how much shorter' the .period of her absence was than it ap peared. I never shall forget how happy I felt when I saw her figure indistinctly, in the dim light through the window, creep into her room, and close the door. To be quite sure that it was her I saw, I stole on tip-toe to her door, and peeped throu~gh the key hole. There was Omi; your cloak had fallen off, and she was looking at something in her hand, and crying bit terly. I had intended tapping at the door, to tell her I had seen all, but my heart failed me, she seemed in so much trouble." "Did you ever allude to it, or ask her anything?" asked Adela, in a tone of great emotion. "Only once," was the reply; "for from that night Oroi never was the same to me, or to any of us. You know how merry she used to be. Well, after this, she would go away alone, or sit moping in her room, and seldom spoke of any of us first." "When was it you alluded to it?" "When we heard you were coming. 'Now,' I said, 'I suppose you will allow me sometimes to come to your room at night with Adela? If you have a lover, that needn't make you so cross to me.' I thought she would have fainted," continued Lucy; "she sat some moments staring at me, quite be wildered and like a ghost, then she asked me what I meant? She looked so strange, that I hadn't the courage to tell her I'd seen her." "I sincer.ely wish you had done so," fell from Adela, upon whose mind not a doubt remained, after this conver sation, of whom it was who had met Cyrus Gage that evening. But then the whole affair was cut off from any possible solution of it. How had he mnistaken one for the other? Were they married? It would be impossible to feel more perplexed than Adela was. Sift as she would, not another thing could she elicit from hor companion, beyond the fact that Osmi was taken seriously ill, and when well enough tn be removed, was sent hcsne to Merelands. Now, the chain of events was clearer. Fro~m Merelands Omi had run away. To whom? With whom? It had been proved that she never was with her brother in hMalta, as her mother thought, on first hearing of Charles Devereux's death. Where, 1.hon, could she have been? A shudder passed through Adela's heart. Surely, she had destroyed herself from some mysterious cause; if she had really been married to. Cyrus, would she not be now.with him? Unable to conjecture anything be yond the dreadful crime of self destruction, Ad-zla resolved to se.e the honeu.-mai.d who had been at Langley House, and if the one who had let Omi out, after the interview, decide upon her future plans. Again-,this girl was found, and sub-. jected to a course of cross-examini tion; but with the clue in her hand, Adela was enabled to take another line of questioning to that of the others, being herself the person accused. Every thing already stated was again brought forward, the girl appealing to Adela. as to whether she had not been correct in asserting that she (1Miss Letchington) had gone out that night. "I would not have said a word about it, ma'am," added the servant, "only the first gentleman threatened to being me into court if I didn't speak the truth, and that I knew would ruin my character." "Think well," said Adela; "was there no other person who might have looked like me? I never went. I was with my mother the day before." "But Miss," answered the girl, with an amazed look at this bold assertion, "I could swear to the cloak, for the reason I tell you." "I left my cloak behind me. Could it have not been worn by somebody else?" "I am sure, ma'am," was the reply, in a tremulous tone, as if fearful of giving offence, "I saw a letter once thrown over the garden wall, which you picked up and read." "I dent deny that; but try and recol lect the day I left Langley House." "I don't understand it at all, ma'am," was the perplexed answer. "I've tried to do so, till I get quite giddy in the head. There was no one like you in the school- that is, only Miss Deve-i reux. She was about your height, ma'am; for I I'emember, some days after yc+ had left, seeing your cloak in Miss Devereux's room, and I then said to that young lady that you had left it behind, and you two were so much of a height that she might wear it if it rained. I remember remarking how pale bliss Devereux looked as I said that, and asked me how I could sup pDcse she would wear your clothes." "What did you reply?" "I begged the young lady's pardon, saying young ladies among themselves often did so. I'd been in two schools before I went to Miss Lattimer's. I was called out of thes room just then, and I went, wondering how pale Miss De vereux had turned, and I was afraid she thoug) t that I meant to accuse here of taking your clothes, and you away, as she had your cloak in her room. Next day, Miss Devereux was taken ill with hysterics and fever, so I thought no mo-re of the cloak, for it was the fever coming on, most likely, which made her so pale." Another clue Adela had obtained. Her cloak was in Omi's room, and when noticed, she changed colour. This corroborated the school-girl Lucy's story, and left not the slightest doubt on Adela's mind about who it was who had met Cyrus Gage, and the terrible idea arose in her mind of-had the deception, for one it must have been, been deliberately planned by Omi? Yet how could that be? Lost in a maze of perplexities and fears, Adela resolved to leave a note for her husband, not knowing exactly where to address him, and go down to Merelands to endeavour to follow up the trace there; or, at all events, to consult with Mrs. Drayton on the subject. It could not be termed a house of morning which Adela visited, and yet the mistress of it was dead. Yet twelve days before her arrival, the weak and worn woman had passed away, without once wishing or ex pressing a desire to see her poor child, or to have her sought for; and Dray ton, with a solemnly sad countenance, was glad at heart. All that could be left to him by a woman powerless by his machinations to act otherwise was his: Merelands was his, in trust, in case Omi should ever re- appear; but "I am certain she is dead. I have every reason to think so," he said. Advertisenments would have to-be sent forth to seek her; these rather troubled him, yet the lawyers would have it they were necessary. The two servants knew Omi had been at Merelands a few inonths be fore, but they were well paid to be lieve they had made a mistake of identity. Adela had merely intended calling at Merelands, but though MIrs. Drayton had never been a favourite with her, there was something so sad in this mother dying ignorant whether her only child was living or dead-some thing so sad in what she felt her life had been of late, coerced by a bad man -that Adela was inexpressibly shocked, and gladly, with her maid, accepted Drayton's hospitality for a night. There is a freemasonry and a com municativeness between the serving classes which do not exist among those mere educated. Is it that'they are moere mindless, and must talk of all they know? or are they more simple and confidinng? When undressing her' mistress' *at night, Adela's maid whispered, know ing how much it would gratify the lis terer, that it was confidently asserted -in the servants' hall that some day Miss Devereux would turn up, and turn out somebody. -All disliked Drayton. "For," said the wocman Slack, con fidentially, to Adela's attendant, "he (meaning Drayton) tries to persuade butler and me that the lady who- came some months since wasn't Miss'De ve- reux; but, law! poor missis called her by her name, and she said it was her mother; and if -Ikinew where she was, I'd go and tell her to come, for he's a stingy, mean fellow. We'd all like her here." The description of Omi left no doubt on Adhela's mind. The question was- "How should she discover her?" (To be continued n ncur next.) The lecturer had just concluded. "Oh," said the intellectual girl with the hawk nose and the eyeglass, "he handled that point about the ethical congibundity of the criminal type with great depth of thought." "Yes," said hler companion in the big floral bat, "I'm sure he's awfully clever. He has such nice hands, and he did wave them so gracefully." 