STRAY 3STOTES. (by rambler.) Tub town on Saturday Last was all agog with oxcitoraont over tlio meeting of tho two rival crickot clubs. Each club had its partisans, and during the progress of tho match a running fire of comments, complimentary and other wise—very much otherwise sometimes— wore kept up. How tho H.H. C.C. inflictcdvirtually a defeat upon tho old 'uu9 is now a matter of local traditiou. and has bean filod iu tho arch ives amcngst tho othor remarkable epochs in Crookweliian history. # # # In roadiug ovor the account of tho match, I was surprised to hud that tho report of Arm - strong's crickot was so ungeQorous. Tho re port says Armstrong's crickot was unattractive. Perhaps it was from tho "club's" point of viow, but he was doing yeoman" servica for his sido and played sound oriolcofc, and was roaiuly instrumental iu turning what seemed certain defeat iuto victory. Ho certainly gave ouo or two chances, so do makers of all big scores, but does that render tho innings un attractive; does it not rather rohcct upon tho fielding of tho other aide ? As I have oftoa said before—" Honor to whom houor is duo ; lot him who wins tho palm boar it, " &c.; I hope, iheroforo, Mr. Editor, that your reporter in future will givo every player, especially juniors, nil tho oucouragemout possible, aud incite thorn to better deeds aud generous rivalry iu sports, and not damn their efforts with faint praise. # # Tom was paralysed morally aud physically when he hoard that t( awful voice " broak forth in a thunderous " no ball." Tho shock to Tom's ncrvou organisation was so sever- that lie did not recover for days. You ould not oxpoct Torn to bowl or bat after such a shoch. Tom tried tho othor ond to got away from " that voice," but alas! the harm was done j all the "dovil" was takou out of Tom's bowiiug, and Tom was generally a mere wreck of his former self. Johnny, koop your dulcet tonoB iu the middle registor, or people will blame you for assisting tho H.H.C.O. # # " They couldn't bowl me," said Moss. "They don't waut to bowl you," said Jack; 44 thoy hunt you iu another way." 41 Thoy couldn't bowl mo. I novor was bowled out iu my lifo." Lucky dog, Moss ; it's not too late yot. It was a caso of bollows to mend when you did that sprint. Your'o not a bad bat, old fellow, but you waut practice aud heaps of luck. # # # "Fancy Jimmy going out fiat ball ! I fanoy bis oyes and mind wore allurod from their task by tho charming bits of femininity that wero in the park that afternoon. Jimmy, novor lose sight of tho balls — especially." googlors." # # # Oh, wasn'feBob mad at tho way tbo club was going down. I askad him how he folt, but ho told mo to go to a placo hotter thau the Soudan, or Hay, or Buoltgal. " I'll stop this rot," said our hero. 44 Let's go iu now, Georgo,' and Goorgo lottoduaud Bob stopped the rot. Bob, old pal, you always hob up at tbe right time. ; Oh, wasn't tho ooncbrt nico ! What nico lady porformors ! And wasn't tho soldier nico ? I hoar ho has boon asked out to tea ovory night since ; but pooplo only ask him onco, he eats such a — honco his avoirdupois. # # # . Tho performers all dosorvc credit ' for their work, and CrooKwoll is to bo congratulated upon possosBing such talent, There was only ouo thing which marred tho harmony of tho wholo ovoning, aud that was the conduot of somo of tho audience duriug tho rondition of tho vocal items of the programmo. These people wore supposed to snow better, but as thoy do not, I rauBfc tell thorn that it is tho vory height of iguorancoand rudoubss to talk in a public placo while a'porson is singing.fThoy not only disturb tho singer, but thoy disturb others of tho audience who might wiBh to listen, #>#'--- Another fact that I would liko to impress upou those porsons who thus offended on Fri day night lat in that tho singers wero giving : thoir services gratuitously for the benefit of au object which is to boa looal Innefit, aud for that reason alone, if it bo a fact that no finer leuiiugs uuu cuutroi ma cruicioms or ciigbq harmony-disturbiug pursous, tho singers should receivo tho courtesy which is duo f mm people to those who, not only try to amuse, but are doing their boBt to ais«st, a local bonefit, I trust this note shall havo tho offset which I de sire, aud that is— of the wholo audience treat ing the performers with respect and courtesy. But should it not, and such ungenerous and rudo conduot bo repeated at auy future outer- taimnont, I shall bo moro pointod in my re marks, and leavo no doubt as to tho offondorB, bo thoy males or feinalos (I cannot say. ladies and gontlomon). ## ' Everybody is getting ready for Xmas, aud tho stores aro getting up thoir Xmas goods, and tho pooplo generally aro preparing the 44 oof " necessary to get those goods. This is a good sign of returning prosperity, and I hopo overy ono will linvn n happy and joyous Xmas. I havo been getting myself into form, as I ox- pecfc a week of "podibilty aud bibulosity." . 4 '¦- ! Old Jim, you know old Jim, don't you? Woll, ho wentto Sydnoy tho othor day— not for a sproo ; his system was out of tone nnd ho wanted a suiff of tl'u briny and a feed of fish to set him up again. Well, you know you oau'b "always be fishing and a-suiffing Of tho briny, for if you did there would not bo enough briny to go round. So Jim used to go to rob tho .various shows of tho metropolis, and one night ho v. audorod into the waxworks but when he had looked at tho Kelly gang, and Archor and and Butler aud Bon Hall and some of. the other celebrities, ho began to have n heaving in his— placo whoro ho puts his dinner. Tho heaving continued, and our feathered friend lmd to leavo, or up ho would have oast his ac counts. Fancy," now, anything turning Jim Biclc ! What obances would wo dolioato pooplo havo. Don't go to tho waxworks when you go to Syduoy, or tho ghost of Jim will haunt yon. 