SIR TATTGN AND LADY SYKES. MORE FORGERIES IMPUTED TO HER f.ftDYSfiTP / .THE -WfRY REI.TEVR STB TATTfiK fFroin our -own Corresnondent.l LONDON, June 24.. J Oiee more the cammunity has beenscan- j dalued by an exhibition in .open Oourtof 1 tlie unhappy differenees in the Sykes family., in money matters- . Sir Tatton having suc- j ceeuei1 on a recent occasion in practically bringing home to his^wife a charge of for gery, seems to- hare become rather ena moured than otherwise of the, process of 1 ashing the dirty domestic linen in public. I So far as can lie gathered, there has been no fatal and final .breach between liim arid his extravagant spouse, but he has no hesi tation in seeking to rid himself of financial ohligatons by proving her guilty of one of the most odious crimes in the calendar. "On the present occasion the issue which Mr. Justice Grantham and a Special Jury have had to try related to a. loan negotiated with herd Rothschild and other Trustees of the Alliance Assurance Company, who thus be came the plaintiffs in the suit. The plea eifltreu by the kn'-ghtly defendant was that tin: signature to the deed upon which the n.or.ej had been raised was not his, and that it had been attached without his kr < wledgc or consent. As a matter of fact, three loans had been effected—the first for £10,000, the second for £7,500, and the third for £10,000, which forms the subject for another action. As far back as 1891, Lacy Sykes, who had insured her life with the Alliance Company for £10,000, found heroelf in want of "funds, and, as it is alleged, wTli the full knowledge of her hus band, sought accommodation from the insu 1'nt. It has, as the lady says, for long been an idiosvncracy of Sir Tatton—a man ■whose income is roughly set down at £70,000 a year—not to advance ready cash to his wife, but to compel her to resort to borrow ing at fairly high rates of interest. For the £30,000 which the Company was to provide 5 per cent, was to he paid," and the capital was to he refunded in annual instalments of £1,000. In 1892 a further loan for £7,500 or. the same terms was arranged for, and it was for the recovery of the first instal ment of this that the Company now sued. The erratic Knight had at one time declined to acknowledge any liability in regard to the first £10,000; hut for various reasons— one of them no doubt being that £2,500 of if had actually been paid into his account at the Hank, he thought better of it, and agreed to liquidate the liability. In the matter of the £7,500, however, he point blank refused to make any concession whatever, and as a condition precedent to the enforcement of the plaintiff's claim, it was nece.ssaiy to show that he had actually signed the deed. The process of proof was rendered particularly tedious by the circumstance that tiie conduct of-the ease was in the hands of two of the most astute and pertinacious members of the Har — to wit, Mr. Lawson Watkin, Q.O., who, with Mr. Pollard, represented the claimants; and Sir hid ward Clarke, Q.C., who, with Mr. Hucknill, Q.C., and Mr. Houghton, acted for the defendant. The first witnesses called were members of the linn of Cunliffc & Davenport, soli citors, who had negotiated Hie loans, and who made no secret of the Tact that they had not thought it needful to submit the draft of the deeds to either Sir Tatton or Lady Sykcs. They had perfect confidente, they said, in the latter, and had had no ground for supposing that any difficulties would arise. The next deponent was Mr. Robert de la Poor Heresl'ord, tutor to Mr. Mark Sykcs, the sole offspring of the ill assorted marriage between the Knight and the dame. He staled that he had at tested the signature of Sir John Tatton to the iirst. deed, and was present at Sled more when the second was signed. He, would have attested that signature too, lnit it was thought better to get another witness, and the butler was called in to perform, the duty; while Mons. Signor Vaughan witnessed the signature of the lady. In reply to questions, Mr. Bercsford said the defendant always had a great ob jection to pay money away. "For in stance," he continued, "when we were up the Nile together lie made me pay certain incidental expenses. He would not even pay for a cab, or give a waiter- a tip." Lnder cross - examination, he mentioned that uhen he first entered the family's em-, ploy lie saw signs of incipient insanity, or rather softening of the brain, in tiie head of the household, and when called upon for illustration of eccentricity, related the following:—"Well, he frequently told, me that tiie study of Latin and Greek was ab solutely a waste of time. He also fre quently said he had- asked Lord Rosebery what "lie thought of a classical education, and that His Lordship replied thai Latin was very good, hut Greek was not. 1 replied that Lord Rosebery's opinion on that subject was, perhaps, not worth very much. 1 also said that Lord Ruse bevy's. opinion on anything except horse-racing was not worth very much. That wasiicfore His Lordship had won the Derby twice." Monsignor Vaughan. a pre late of the Roman Catholic Church, and one of the household of his brother. Car dinal Vauglmn, deposed t'o having attested Lady Sykes's signature; hut he had only a faint recollection ef the circumstances. He gave it as his opinion that Sir Tatton was habitually in a state of semi-conscious ness, that he was very little impressed by what lie was doing at the moment, and a short time afterwards the impression would he obliterated from his mind. Lady S.vkes and her son had become Catholics shortly before 1892, and the learned prelate confessed that lie still had hopes of bringing the husband and father to profess the same faith, especially as he had expressed his intention to befeome a member of the Chureli, when he promised to build a new Cathedral. Mr. Justice Grantham—A promise which he has not kept. Witness—Yes, my Lord; a promise which he lias not kept. (Laughter.) Lady Sylces was now placed iu the .box. Her Ladyship has had a tolerably large ex perience of Courts of Law, and evidently had all her wits about her when under exa mination. She stated that her marriage look place in 1874, that by her nuptial set tlement she was to have £500 a vear pin jnoney, that although her husband's income wate £70,000 a year, a fact of which she had "made herself cognisant before she married him, he had never made adequate provision for meeting necessary expenses. He' did hot object to bdr going into society, but ] spurned - society himself, except when he J gave a dinner in Doncaster week, ,and if there was company in the house he would I have his food upstairs, or would go away. ; The witness candidly confessed that she j had been in need of money ever since her | marriage. Having had a very rich father she naturally, being young, "expected to . be comfortable, and live in a pleasant '■ way." To manage at all she had often { been obliged to obtain assistance from ! friends, and when she got her husband in a good humour he would pay back what i she had borrowed. He had much less ob- ; jection to paying large sums; it was the! little sums that made him miserable. Her Ladyship swore positively that Sir Tatton : had affixed his signature to the deed in dis- ( pute. "He objected," she added, "to sign- | ing on a Sunday. She never went to Church, because of the draughts, except for communion. He too has never been to j Church for years, and he did not like ser- ! nions. (Laughter.) I brought the suit for \ the restitution of conjugal rights because it was the only course left to me. I was , starving. 1 may say that mv husband has ; been always perfectly friendly with me, : and is still friendly. He said that he would ' settle all this at once if he were not afraid of Sir Kdwnrd Clarke. (Laughter.) Yes, he said it in the presence or witnesses. j Mr. Watson—Is my friend's forensic pre- i seiice so formidable? ! Witness—Well, lie said so, and before others, too. (Witness here asked for a glass of water.) j Mr. Justice Grantham—I hope you are j not afraid of Sir K.-tlarke. (laughter). ( Witness—Not at all; I am more afraid ; of your lordship. I Laughter.) i Cross-examined by Sir Edward, the jady ! would not admit that her financial diflicul- j ties were due to gambling debts, the fact ■ being that she generally won. She had to pay everything, and it was that which | crippled her. It was not time—it was an i abominable lie—that she had £11,000 a year | exclusive of household expenses. She and : Sir Tatton had had joint speculations, and | some of them were successful. Her hus band, like most other people, was very l'ond of liigh interest. ' Sir E. Clarice—On December 14, 1896, did you sign the following:—"In consideration of Sir Tattort paying say £12,000 to Mr. Mills, solicitor for Sir Tatton Sykes, to dis charge my present liabilities and guaran teeing to me the future receipt of £5,000 1>er annum in addition to my pin-money, ! positively promise not to speculate any more ori the Stock Exchange, or to bet for credit on the turf, and I will pay the house hold and stable accounts in London.'.'— Yes. Did Sir Tatton agree to find £16,000 to cover your liabilities?—I think Mr. Mills told me he had persuaded him to do so. Did you afterwards say you wanted a fm-ther sum of £30,000 to meet your lia bilities?—I hare no recollection of it. He-examined bv Mr. Lawson Walton—I had further liabilities beyond the £16,000. Sir Tatton had' many speculations, includ ing £40,000 in Monte Carlos, and a con siderable sum in a Mexican mine, which was hot successful. What kind of mine?—It is supposed to contain gold, but 1 am afraid there is no gold-there. (Laughter.! When the epecu lotions In rued out trumps Sir Tatton was I pleased, and when I won at racing he used to say I could pay for the Doncaster party. ! When you came to London did lie make j you an allowance?—He gaVe me £"25 a week | in London, but it was of no use, of course, i (Laughter.) We were living at the rate of i £15,000 a year. . | Tl„'j ev'dence of a number of commercial I gentlemen, most of whom stated distinctly j that the signature to the 1892 deed was in Sit Tattan's baudwriting, was then placed I betoie the Court. The butler, who, it was i aa»*rtcd, had attested that signature, was j no", examined, for the simple reason that he j had disappeared, and could not he found. In opening the case for the defendant, : Si-' Ldward Clarke painted in lurid colours ' the extravagances of Lady Sykes, and dwelt upon the proofs that S:r Tatton had t>een victimized again and again by means of ch foments ostensibly signed by him, hut which he had never seen until application hao been made to him for payment. He had, ir. the hope of saving his wife's good name, d;sbursed fens ol thousands of pounds, but the obligation to meet these constant claims had become intolerable, ami he. had been obliged to take c stand against being fleeced in a wholesale way. The re sult of his doing so had been seen in the ease ot the suit brought by day, in which the jury had decided that the signatiu-es swam to be Sir Tatton's were not h's, but were forgeries. The circumstances of ttie mat lets now being investigated wefe these: —"In Occemlter, 1890, Sir Tatton was in- ; fo: tiled that there were three deeds of 1891, 1P92, and 1893, amounting altogether to £27,000. Sir Tatton knew that he had never been railed upon to pay for any one of these deeds a shilling interest upon any of the loans: and, having that strongly in his tnind he denied his signature to the deeds. ; It might very well he that Sir Tat ton's real ; sigi rture had been obtained to a document of which he did not know the contents. In considering this case, he hoped the jury ; \vi ul« look at the large amounts which Lady Sykes had received 6inee 1890. Where - had these large sums of money gone? They had gene in ways and for purposes which 1-ady Sykes either would not or could net I reveal. It was after the arrangement j whereby she was to receive £12,000 down 1 ana £5,000 a year had been made, that heavy labilities, which had been carefully j concealed, were discovered, the fact being ■ that it, would have taken more than £30,000 over and above the £12,000 to meet , Her Ladyship's debts. f The. defendant, in his evidence, denied ■ all knowledge of the loans from the AI- ! liance Insurance Company, and with more or less indignant emphasis maintained that he had provided ample funds for keeping j up his establishments at Sled more and ' Grosvemvr-road. It was noil true that he j ever kept Lady Sykes without funds to j pay proper expenses. He was only too : pleased to let her have everything* that ! was legitimate; he did not wanti the money thrown away. Mr. Bucknill (handing to witness the deed of 1891)—We know- that with regard to the deed of T891, between yourself and the Alliance, you were sued. Do vou re collect signing that deed?—When *1 saw 1 this signature on three or four occasions 1 said it was not mine, but I am told by experts that it is. liut .Sir Edward Clarke will explain this matter. .Mr. Justice Grantham — I understand you to say that you thought the signature was not yours until you were told by the experts that it was?—Yes. You have not said how it was obtained? —No. Sir Edward Clarke will explain that. Mr. Bueknill—Since then you have paid the money for which you were sued, and the costs of the action? — 1 am going to pay. Sir E. Clarke— An instalment has been paid, and the deed lias been . acknow ledged. The above questions and answers em bodied admissions that were rather unfor tunate for Sir Tatton Sykes, for Mr. Law son Walton rang the changes upon them with telling effect. Here,is a sample:— V ill"you look at that deed and say whether it bears vour signature?—Witness —I s*d on three or four occasions that the signature was not mine, but I gave way to the experts, and 1 go on to add that Sir Edward Clarke will explain how my signature was obtained. Mr. Walton-Sir Edward Clarke speaks on your . instructions, but I want to know what you say.—If you will have a little patience. Sir Edward Clarke will ex plain. I have no notes, and 1 could not say. You are the defendant in lliis action, and Sir Edward and Mr. Mills can only give such information as you impart to them. You first of aJI said it was not vour signature, and now you say it is, and ] ask you to tell the Jury what your ex planation is.—I really could not go into that. If you will 'have a little patience,' Mr. Walton, Sir Edward Clarke or Mr. Gardiner will explain it to your satisfac tion. (Laughter.) 1 have no doubt that the ingenuity cf Sir Edward Clarke or of Mr.' Gardiner is equal to the furnishing of any explanation, that may he necessary—(laughter)—hut I want your recollection, Sir Tatton.—It is too long a. story. Lord Russell said— Never mind Lord Russell. Everything in this case, according to my view, turns on your memory. Now, will you kindly tell the Jury; it is a very simple matter. Yon say that you did sign the deed?—No, I did not say that. . Do you say now tliat«you did sign ?—No.; I gave way to what the experts said. Do you from your recollection say that you did not sign?—Really you will excuse me. It is a long story connected with the first investment in Monte Carlo. Monte Carlo was long after that, years after. I want, you to answer two questions. The first is, Do you now say, Sir Tatton, that this is your signature, or is it not?— I have said three or four times that I gave way to the experts. Then you still think it is not yours?— I -do not say that. One cannot speak to these forgeries. Have you any opinion whether it is your signature or not?—Well, if it is mine, it was obtained by deceit, and that story A 339 must leave ,to Sir Edward Clarke or to Mr. /Gardiner. I cannot say more than that. Let ub proceed by steps. First, you cap pot say whether it is yours or not?—Upon *ny word I can only repeat what the ex perts say. Do you say it is not?—I say sft. lou say it is-not yours?—One moment. If it is mine it was obtained by, deceit. It is of no use troubling-^tae iurther about tbat. (Lau^itctr.)' '<■• Do you or do you not adopt what the fcxperts say?—I adopt ^wliat they say. You have no recollection of signing It, put you think ypu did'sign, it?—If it really is ray sjgnaturejof couree I can say no more. The lawyer next proceeded to heckle the muddle - headed:■^witness about the £2,580 odd that had been paid into his banking account out of the first loan of 1£10,000 from the plaintiffs. Poor Sir Tatton could only suggest in a despairing way tliat tliis money must have come from yearlings, or from rent, or.from the sale i of timber,' or from some other source, and ' been banked unbeknown to him. More than once be complain %1 of being unduly placed on the rack: By and by, Ilr. Walton said —"Well, let me pass on.• The witness (greatly relieved)—Yes; noyv We pass oil. (Laughter.) '■ But the relief was only momentary, for Jiresently the defendant became more hope essly confused and self-contradictory than cver_.lie was asked— Had you written to Mr. Praed of the •(Alliance Company, and authorised him to hand over a life policy to Mr. Sykes?—Mr. Gardiner (solicitor's agent for Sir Tatton's estate) will have to answer that question. (Laughter.) • _ Is not the letter in your own handwrit ' jug, and does it not authorise Mr. Praed to hand over a life policy to Lady Sykes?— I do not know what you mean bv a life policy. (Laughter.) J mean a policy of insurance on the life of Lady Sykes?—I never heard of such a thing before. 1'hcn it is untrue tbat you ever autho rised Mr. Praed to hand it over?—Of course I did not. I have been deceived in some way or other. Y'ou have 110 recollection of writing tbat letter?--If 1 had written a letter o? that character Mr. Gardiner would have heard nil about it. Wliv is this letter kept back? (l^arfghter.) Mr. Lawson Walton—Come, come, Sir Tatton. This is a serious case, as it in volves a charge of forgery against Lady Sykes. Do you tell the Jury you have never heard of a policy 011 your wife's life, and have no recollection of authorising Mr. Pined to hand it over?—1 have not the slightest recollection of it. Look at that letter, and tell ine whether it is in your handwriting?—That is my handwriting. I ought to remember this, upon my word. (Laughter.) It is a curi ous thing. Has Mr. Gardiner some recollec tion about the matter? Mr. Lawson Walton read the letter, which ran as follows:—"1 request you will hand my wife the policy 011 her life which you hold.—Tatton .Sykes." Y'ou wrote unit?—Yes, in 1895. At that lime I had not heard of the Alliance Com pany's loans. The unhappy witness was now released from jun-gatory in the box, and distin guished experts were called to contradict those who had given evidence on the other side. One of these, Manager of a Bank at DulHeld, rather gave himself away, as the following colloquy will testify: — Mr. Luwsoii Walton (handing witness a deed I—What do you say about the signa ture 011 that deed?—I should not pay 011 that signature. Mr. Lawson Walton—Then 1 will tell you what the deed is. It is the post-nup tial settlement of JSir 'J'atton Sykes.—That is a long time ago. 1 saw the' first deed, and thought the signature was a genuine one. Another of the experts, Mr. George .Smith Juglis, thus replied to questions put to him in cross-examination, Mr. Lawson Walton—You were a witness in one famous case. "The Queen v. Par rel! ?"—1 was sworn to give evidence, hut did not. But you were going to say Mr. Parnell wrote the famous lei ter?—What 1 was going to say 1 did not say. (Laughter.) I .was not asked to say anything. Y'ou were called for the purpose of sup porting the case for the "Times?"—1 gave advice to tiio "'limes." And after giving that advice they called you?—] was put into the box, hut was not asked any questions. The summing up of the Judge was dis tinctly unfavourable to the plaintiff, and in the end, after about thirty-live minutes' re tirement, the Jury returned a verdict for the defendant. Asked whether they found thai !j'.r Tatton had not signed the deed they , unliOMjlatingly replied in the affirmative. This decision places not only Lady Sykes, hut Air. Burford, in a very awkward pre dicament, for it distinctly implies that* lhcv liave been guilty of deliberate forgery. Alons. Signor Yaughan is not in the same condem nation, for his evidence was given so guardedly that lie cannot he accused of false swearing. Whether any criming] pro ceedings will he taken against Ifor ladyship it is impossible at present to say, hut the newspapers very properly insist that matters should not he left where they are. Further^ actions designed to make Sir Tatton Sykes responsible under deeds which he avers he did not sign- have been on the lists for hearing, but the plaintiffs feel that nothing is to be gained bv pro ceeding with them. Y'esterdav an action, brought by the North British and Mercan tile Assurance Company to recover £28,000, was called on, hut as no evidence was tendered the Jury at once found for the de fend,'inf. The second suit by the Alliance Insurance Society was down for hearing, hut there is scarcely the ghost of a chance of its being brought 011. Lady Sykes is •now thoroughly discredited, and unless her 1 husband is generous her creditors will pro bably have to whistle in vain for their monev. 