TMOKPDALE- (FBOK OUK OWN COjUESPOITOKim) n The Thorpdale *^now£skes opened their second season with a concert in the JocaL hall o» Friday evening la>-t in aid of th« shooting fund of the Th«ri*J*!* cw-letF. Bysome «trange fa til fry tbe <tntes -:f ihtr t- oape'a concerts can alwoy* be t«kenas ^jnji>ynr>us wilii bad weather, aad Friday was no exception to the rale. The weather WJ» STORMY ail through the day,feat Inter in the nighSthe rain descended ia perfect to rents, torn and lashed in all directions by furious g.lesof wind. Ifctwitbstaa&ins; tb»- drawback, and the fact that the "measiW'fieud has aeised the township an its fe& clutches,«. fairly goo 1 audience Jaced the- perfoKners on the rise of the curtain.. It was ftratHonscanning tbe circle that although the same old smiles en the came old cornea men,, and the portly proportions of the earns old ictecloctttor, showed that these pemcnages wow atul in tbdi accustomed places, and though the circle wag in the main constituted as on last season, still one or two new faces were to be recognised nnder the liberal coating of pigment. The entertaimneat was run on tbe "Snaw«aitos" usual lines, vis.,. Part L, (which is of coane the eseam of the periorasaaioe) being the circle r Part IL* composed of lteaas rendered by iodiridual members of tht tnwpe r a«d Part £11., winding fc7«S Broyamga with « Uogfc»bw fame. Pre. to the rue of tha carta! a, the SuMrBakes* own ontw, "La Galopade," was given by the orchestra—JErs Carnr (piano^ tfrCrisp (cornet), ud Mr Anult (violin.} Thie pieco waa played in an excellent manner,, tbe stirring notca of the cornet blending harmoni- ously with tbe (Hans, and elicited hearty rounds of applaaae. Tbe cartain weat np slowly to a soft cornet solo, the Old Kentucky Home, played by Mr Crispin his usnal finished style, aid showed the Snow Flake*: standing in all their ghry of snowy linen, laoed ruffles and Atria? red. On a word at" command from the interlocutor tbe cumpanyaettlad down into their p'aces and the fan -• begaa. The { rogr'mme for p*r; 1. was an. excellent one. The lively sallies of the corner man kept the audience in a perfect ripple of laaghter from beginning to end. As all distinguished themselves alike, it would bo invidious to particularize. Soffice it therefore to give without comment, tha programme aa - rendered, which is aa follows :—Grind ing chorus, Snow Flake Minstrels All, tha Company • comer song. Slap Dab, Tambo • c»rner song. U-pi-de, Bones ; ballad. We shall most all the little ones there, ]fr Gray - Old Kentucky Home, Ur Carver ; Sweet Evelina, Mr Dewsbary ; Little Old Home bv tbe Tyne, Mr Hirt; Lull»by, Ur King ; Little Darlin? dream of me, Mr Arndt; Na one to welcome me home, Mr Dickinson. After a slight iaterval of (as the Snow Flakes pestem pat it) 10 drinks, to allow time for tha naher* to sweep out the remains of those who had expired from laaghter (also vide Potters? P«t EL started by the orchestra playing another piece, La Serenade, in good style. Messrs Carver, Crisp nod Gray tbeu rendered a trio, Canadian Boat Song; Character Song, When I left Old Ireland, by Mr King received an encore, and " The Good Rhein Wine, by Mr Hugard, which elicited it i meed of applause, brought this part of the entertainment to an end. A side-splitting fame. Echoes in the Wood, was then staged. Mr Williams, as Hnngrey Pete, kept tbe audience in a simmer of amusement with his eccentric vagaries, and Mr Carver gave aa excellent delineation of his put ae Master of Pete, while the weird, aaful and phosphorooseyed ghost caused a fearfol aad oloma joy to descend upon the little hearts of the javenilas in the audience. Mr Diokinsan, who FILLED the chair for tbe second half, then stated that l£r Hagsrd had a few words to say. In proposing a coaaprehenaive vote of thanfcra, Mr Bagtid in fan KjUtj or conductor, toadied upon the sernoei rendered by Mis Carver, who had placed her piano . and house at the Saow Flakas disposal, and Mr Crisp for his invaluable assistance in connection with orchestra! practices. &e; wished now tospeak as the officer commanding the local cadet corps, and in that capacity desired to thank the Snow Flakes for the assistance given to ths corps by tbe getting np of the entertainment. It was a recognised fact that if any corps expected to do anything ia the way of shooting, that tha amount of cartridges issued for ordinary musketry practice would be totally insde* qaats. For that reason he was considerably oat of pocket last year in buying cartridges for the cadets, but at hiscorpi were successful aot only in carrying off the shield bat ia breaking the record he did not regret that. At the present^ time the supply of cartridges for the current year was exhausted, and he thought it only right to look for some assistance from the people of the district who wen honoured by the winning of the shield. Tbe Snow Flakes had generously come forward aad he felt grateful to them. Tbe corps intended to shoot tor'the Shield again in December, and if they were vanquished he felt sure they would not be disgraced. The singing of the National Anthem brought the proceedings to a dose, Mid the audience waded their way home through tha mad and slash, well pleased with tbe eveaing's entertainment. A seven outbreak of measles has occurred at Thorpdale. Out of au attendance of over 100 children at the etate school the average has fallen to 14. Steps are being taken to close the school. 