WILD EEL IN. HER ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES 'AND BITTER .SORROWS. BY WILLIAM BLACK. ! CHAPTER L TWO LOVERS. The young editor of the "Invcrntsh Ob server" bad become quite n knoAvn person age In the toAvn; tbo railAvay porters touch ed their caps to him; the station master, obliging as ever, hurried to see If lie could find a compartment for him; and so he set forth. Little Indeed of that journey could be . afterwards recall. Ho must have looked out on the lapping lvators of the Cromarty, Firth — and on the Avldc sea range up Dor- uocli way — nnd on tbo Avooded heights by, tbe Kyle- of Sutherland; ho mast have seen tlicni, - no" doubt; and yet Avlthout seeing tbem. He bail come upon the strangest er rand ever uudertnkcn by mortal man. Ho could not shape his thoughts about It; -It avus too - difficult. Besides that his brain- Avas tortured by a recurrent phrase: "I ask .for your pardon — I ask for your pardon." That - she — slie—the beautiful- clenr-soiiled one — tbat slic should be pi toou sly asking par don of all mankind — sbo Avbo bad never a- thought' of harm for any bmnnn creature, but quite the other Avny; she wlio wisbed-to do aa'cll to everyone — avIio wns benignant aud generous and kind to all around ber — but especially if "you happened to' be poor — or abashed— or unfitted for ber notice: this . aa-as' a bOAvlIdorlng' thing. The proud and radiant young, lass: aa-by should -sbo . liaA-c become so bumble; aa'liy should she bog for forglA'cncss from nil the world?. AA'cll, It aa-as not much of tliat- 'journey that lu after days Archie Gilchrist could bring hack to his mliid. For Indeed his senses had got soniOAvlint distracted; It avus the one- love of his life he avus thinking of— the impetuous, splendid young creature that for a Avhllo lie somehoAv seemed to have gained for himself — aud to-morrow, ho Avas going to give her aAA-ay. to another, mnn. \- Next morning broke fine and still, AA'ltli hoar ' frost;' ''tKat' JBJ(o. Sny,?iindervtbc .long- strctchlug' shadows of the: shrubs the- grass ; aa-as of a cold grey, hut out In . the opeUj -where. tlio sunlight foil, It avus of.. a aa'arm golden; green, tlio innumerable tiny spears glittering .with diamonds of orange nnd dancing blue. . He bad ordered a . AA'aggou- cttc to be .waiting for hlui;..iA'heii -he. went to, the botcl.door lie. did not notice, that for a second the driver glanced at him, or rather at, bis costume, in an odd sort of way. Ho took bis place, and told the man to go on. . . ; fit's rather cold this morning," ho snld, In a perfunctory fashion. "Ay, sir, It Is that," replied the driver, "and it aa'III be colder AVhen Ave get up to Crnsk, for the wind's "off the hills." . And so they left tlie pleasant neighbor hood of Loch Sblu — AVlth Its. islands, nnd yellow. . promontories and Its -plantations all basking In the sun, and by nnd bye tliey ejnerged upon the A'nst and bare moorland, . tbat noAV bad a touch of snoiv on It. Nny, as tbey got up to tlio higher altitudes, the great expanse became of n solid Avbltc— a - white as solid ns the shoulders of Ben.Ar- mlii, that seemed to reign over this desolate and silent realm. - Here and there a robust clump of heather, bnd shaken Itself free, and stood blnek-broAvn on the edge of a knoll; but small individual features of tlmt kind did not Interfere; with: the general character of the landscape, -that- seemed to lmve liusji- cd Itself to sleep under a spotless shroud. -There ivns not the ivhlrr of a bird's iving 111 all the voiceless ivnsto. V And so the horses tolled on up tlio lonely . Strath Terry, with Ben Clcbrlg showing himself. against tlic northern skies; and Gil christ at lis lost la sombre meditation, until it remark from the driver startled blm. out - of bis reverie. "They're coming, sir,"- tbe man said ' "AVbo are coming?". s . "The funeral." . He looked- along the road, or the faint In dications of a road, and far aivay he saw a small black procession— tbe tiniest black dot It ivns — coming Into tbo spacious, ivhlto, solitary ivorld. . "But ivlioso funeral?" he asked again. "Air. Mncdonnld, that was at Alt-na- Tralve," the man answered, In obvious as tonishment. "The old gentleman — avas you not hearing of It, sir?" ' ' ; "AA'liy did they not tell me at Lairg?". / Gilchrist demanded. "AA'e .thought It wns. for the funeral you came through,' 'sir; and no one ivould be liking to spenk-'to you about It. Will I go off tbe road?'.' — for Highlanders do not caxo to meet n funeral. i "No, no," Gilchrist responded, sharply. "Keep to the' road; but ivbcn the funeral comes up, then you can give them plenty of room to go by; and If Mr. Somcrlcd - Mnc donnld Avislies to speak to me,- ho can cither do that or pnss on. Just what ho chooses." The tiny black procosslou coming Into the AA'liIte moorland consisted merely of the hoarse nnd one mourning cnrrlnge, and the mourning carriage lmd but one occnpant. : AVhen he saiv that this ivns Archie Gilchrist AVhom ho laid encountered, Somerlod Mnc donnld ordered the drivers to stop, and Gil- ehrist got doivn anil iveut across. , "Tills is very sad— and sudden," he snld. "AVell, not so .sudden," Somcrlcd ansiA'crcd. "I had been Avurneil liy the doctor. And not so sad either. He died full of years and honor, and. the greatest honor conferred upon him aa-as the kindness of tlio ladles of Kln- vnlg. He had no expectation of any such tbiug AVhen aa'e enmc to this country — oh, no, none— for he ivns not a presuming man— mid tbclr reception of him, and their continued friendliness towards him, beenmo the crown-' Ing joy of bis life." AVell, both mothor und duugbter will- find tbat lie has not -boon un grateful. MlssuEellhiAA'llI "find sbeuiius iiot boon fbfg6t"tBn'.v,rflut''i mil detaining you, and It Is cold up bero. You are going en to Alt- na-Trnlve?" . "No," Gljchrist answered, In great cmbar- rassuieut. '"My mission aa-us to see y:ou— but In these circuiustanccs — — " , i "Hoiv can anything bo altered?" Somerlod Mncdonnld said, in bis direct fashion.- - "If you are. going back to Lnlrg, take a scat In this carriage, and let your ivaggonette fol- loiv. Theu you can toll me nt your leisure." Gilchrist accepted this suggestion— and yet AVlth some upology.' : "If I had known," ho said, ns they con tinued on their ivay, "I should bare come In proper clothes. But there aa-us no intlmat Ion of any kind- — " \ "No," said his onmpnnlon. "I will nrrawgo about the newspaper announcements . whcdi I , got to Invcrntsh; it ivlll he more certain there than ivrltlng from a remote hauilet like Alt- ua'-Tmli-e. Still, I ivondor you have-not lioned , —for I sent ii note to Glonguri-a Ilouse — " "At Glengaiwa House," Gilchrist said!, 'slowly, "I do not think they are opening let ters just now.' ' The strong, refined features of the other man grew- suddenly asheu grey. ? : "Wh'-r lo that you mcaii?" ho sold at once. ' ; : - Aud then Gilchrist told him all the tale that he had In a kind of way prepared and arranged In sequence; and he ivent on to de- tend his oivn posltlou; and why lie had codio on this journey— not knowing of the funeral. For 'a while' Somerlod -Macdonald sat silent. The clear, brown, contemplative eyes looked troubled; -there ivas no other sign. At length he snld— , "AVhat the doctor told you about lior splen did constitution Is everything; clearly that Is what lie relies upon; and '.when, she has pulled 'through- and Become her natural self , again it' ivlll he time enough to-talk about inc. No,' there will bo no talk about me. People- in delirium take wild fancies; aud nil these irainbllng references < <he Hill and Ben Wyvls mean— Just nothing at Gilchrist shook his head. - "You may think what you like," he said, "but I know. The story she told me — mis taking me for you — was too coiisecutli'c. The secret' she had kept bidden was no longer a secret, when she thought she was talking to you." / And then after a while Somerlod Mac donald said — . 1 J-'.Wlig did jroti come to. tell me ai| thl»-t _ you who ore engaged to be married 'to her?" ' "I could have concealed It, no doubt," Gil christ answered, calmly. . VAnd probably, when the fever goes, shq may have forgotten that sbc mndc tbese revelations. And she would keep her promise to me; I am certain' of that; yes, I am certain of that. But then I should be a dishonored man. And it Is not for Eelln Mncdonnld to pass her life with a dishonored man." "You ore making a great sacrifice," said the other, absently. "Only— only — how can one trust, to wlint Is said In delirium?'.' , "I do . not ask you/'- Gilchrist, answered. "But when sbc Is quite out of this illness, you must go tp her, and you' must tell her from me that she is free — yes, yes, quite free to choose wherever her wish may fall — apd then you may believe the stpry she con fided to. me when I was carrying her from the Islands to Glongarvn IIousc.- And she W'11 have no dilllculty in undcrstandiqg why you should present yourself before her. (Well, she knew what the thousand pounds meant." "The thousand pounds!" said Somcrlcd Macdonald. "The thousand pounds! When I would have the skin of both my hands flayed to make a lacing string for her shoe!" Anil so they went on through the wide, white, silent wilderness until thpy reached Lairg station, where the coflln was trans ferred, while they passed on to one of the usual compartments. They were pretending to talk about ordinary things — about the green of the firs showing through the snow — rabout the removal of the nets from the Kyle of Sutherland — about the letting of Langwell Lodge — and so forth; but perhaps their thoughts were elsewhere. Archie Gil christ, for example, was conscious that in duo time they would get down to Dingwall: and he know of an old silver haired dame there who now would probably never see Eelln Macdonald, nnd never understand how near lie had been to winning for himself Lhc proud eyed, proud stepping daughter of tile House of Klnvnlg. IV lien they arrived at Invornisli there was another necessarily tedious transference of tlio coflln, and Archie Gilchrist would have bad Ills companion drIvo...qpt.„with hlui to ; boar the'- latest tidings 'Of the poor Invalid. But Macdonald declined, t "No," ho said, "until I have scon my fntlior laid in that small churchyard In Glon garvn I must do nothing else. And indeed," be added, Willi some delicacy, "I- was won dering whether you might not have gone on Willi me " "And I was thinking of It, too," snld Gilchrist, "for I know it Is just what Eelln herself would wish. Only, I must got news of her; and I will Jump into a cab, and see if I can Intercept the doctor anywhere; and then I will, go lioinc for' a couple of seconds, to get into proper clothes;' and I shall be bnpk hero before you are roudy to start. And mcnnwbllc you must get some thing to eat; it's a long way to Glongarvn; nnd there Is the Station Hotel — If you go into tlio coffee room I shall join you In a few minutes " In a very short time he was back; the subdued gladness of his face was its own report. Soinerled Mncdonnld held out bis bund, and It was grasped. "It Is well," Somerled said (with the grave eyes burning); "I can see it is well." "Yes, yes," said the other, "the news Is good. But I could not fhiil the doctor; I chanced to come across the night nurse, who was out for ucr usual walk; arid" she thought that Miss-. Eelln. .was going on first rate, ill spite of. the tremctidpus. trial. () h, ' yes,; her 'tone was cohfideiit;cIf it ,v/as cau tious; and I thhikthat sonie of us/ niny yet hoar Eclin Macdonald slug The limps of Gienbrnon— no, no, not that one— she seemed to have a fear of that one/-but nuy;of 'her other songs— O Heard Ye Yon Pibroch— or Stveet Sir, for Your Courtesih ' "Gilchrist," said Ills companion, not with out a certain anxiety, "do' you know you have .wrought yourself Into a' terrible pitch' of excitement;, and unless you quiet dojvn," something may happen? The /|ast'news. is good news; what more could ypu wish for? Notv tell" me how It was yon chanced "to. bo out here so early the' morriiug she dashed" herself' Into the river?" ' ' "Oh, well," snl(l Arclilo Gilchrist— and the question did in a measure " recall ' him to his senses— though those we're dis turbed enough — "I generally come out hero about ' dnybrorik: the place is so quiet; and . I bring my books and' papers witli me, aiid get "on it1 Ultl'e hit' with my work. Aiid in deed I was so inu'eli engaged witli (hoko tilings that' whcn:I saw her 'come jiown to the edge of the river, 'Vhtitiiati time 'of "the morning, I'thouglit'it /tens /'mbreijf ipoine phantasm of the brain — n ghost— a white gliosbj-whieli I could get' rid i bf . bj- shut- tiiig liiy eyes.' But when. she splashed' into the strenin, then I knew. It lias always. been her ambition/ to swiiu through the Devil s "Kirn up to the well'; nnd'there wore the women come slirleklng down 'from' the house; 'nnd I knew. Yes1, I knew: And I know what the end must he; and I-wiiltod oil the hank until the swing' of llie'eUrreut carried lior down, iviid then f went in qua got hold of her." .' ' . '"Otherwise she would bnve been' drown ed?" said his neighbor, 'with downcast eyes! "Her strength vv'as far spent,'.' was ' the » answer. . ' ' '''-7 And then the straightforward eyes looked up again. ! . 1 "You love this girl quite to distraction// said Somerled' Maedoiinid. "And ' slie has promised- to marry you! And you have just saved her life. Yet you seem to 'suggest that I should take her away from you, 'on account of a -few words' spoken in' ' delirium. My friend, even if there were auy.giicii im possible possibility— I urn not a coward hound." 1 CHAPTER LI.— "TO EVERY MAID HER : a. " C-x.IV-Vf.ixn' -| ' 1. n'eht ' they 'Bjien't 'W'Kr?dge, pi yalg.Inn.' The bullet bonds wort up longer hi possession. Tlio remote l'lttio hostelry was quite quiet. And somehow, ns tlio two nieii Were sented in front of the ilre, tiic talk nl- ways drifted back to Eellu Maedoni'i'ld—ivijd Keilu-r-Eeliu with the eyes, like the. sea vyiive, lis lior ilghliiud friends' ealicd her; and piiiqrlei seoiucil curious to itpovv a lit tle more of tlio literary side of hey eliurueter, Qf which hp hndouly beard vngiieiy. .But that is just wluil, ean toll you," Gilchrist responded,' with something of eag erness, "Because she aud i had. been fight ing each other, of course, lii.the most good- nnturcd way, for a long while back, in tho eoluniiis of tlio Tnverulsli Observer.' Ami pic always got tlio best of it— always. She is so witty, and sarcastic and liauiitiiig. She doesn't, play quite fair, you know, lyheu 1 - 3!ou tbla k you linyo got lier in a corner she sUiipiy ' Jaughs at yop, quq goes off like a butterfly. IVell, as you may imaglnp, If it .ad. not lioeii for that newspaper "(ntyircbuiiga banter, I should not, linve. presumed -to make tho acquaintance of Miss Miicdpunlfl of Clnyqig; hut there were ope or two little In cidents!— mid site is 110 respecter of persons; She Is too linppy In herself; she, wishes. weil to everyone. And then, since I cnme to have a better knowledge of her, what has Im pressed me most is the extraordinary grasp and nluihleuess of- iior' intellect. IVliy, wheit ??« UIU laboring with problems, she flips lu ivlth a half-mocking suggestion, au(l the whole thing is clear. She Is so niert' aud audacious, and yet she. Is most distrustful about anything she herself writes.- IVliy, I have here at this moment n scrap of verso , she sent 1110 for my opinion— the opln- foi».''.bf nn elephant on tipi song of a sky lark——" He funibied about athoug his papers until he camp upon the scrap, of MS., uud then he handed It oyer; pnd this was what, his com panion road, and re-read uipre limp once:— Loud wind- tew .winds; to every maid her lover;' vybere'er tlio siinllght shines, . vyhore'or "the shadows liovcr; ' But my dear, love comes never, oh nc<ci, back tp Nor by f he shore, nor by the Kills, nor by tiui Northern Sea. » "Are you going to publish this?" he paid, not lifting his eyes , f rpm the' hphdwri tlug- whleh well he recognised.' ' ' "Oh, she may Work It ' Into som'etl)ing-i. Who knows?" said the other. "She Is clever enough." , "Because,"- said Somerled Macdonpld, "whatever value that Is to the newspaper, 1 will give you five hundred times the value, If I may keep this for my own." - ' 1 "Five hundred times nothing Is stlll'uoth-. lng,t'. said Gllclirlst. "As It staiids the little fragment is of no use at all. Take It— keep It.". ' -'V- .: "And about a copy?" 'Oh, I can remember well enough,". GU; chrlst made ansvyer. "I can remember every word she ever wrote — that Is, since I eauie to know who she was — who 'White Cockade' was—wlio had. been jibing nt me for so long a while; nnd of course a thlek-haad sueli ns I am had no cliiincc against her— not . the least — with her qulck-wlttcdness, und her knowledge of foreign literature, mid of foreign places, mid her gay humor; why, she' pinned one nt every corner. Do- you think I complain? No, I' do not complain. It .will be proud for mo when I receive' her next batch of M.S., written' In full exuber ance of health ; und she may trounce away ut luc its much ns she chouses. There will be 110 complaining, tlint day!" ' By and bye Gilchrist resumed— "You see, Mr. Macdonald, 1 always had/a conviction that the sniiill literary eo-pnrtner- Hlilp that existed between Miss Ecll'11 and me would end lit uotlitng else. It could uot. It was uot lu the nature of things. Aud IC I must sulfur for my prcsumptiou, their I must suiter; but it was what I hud foreseen. Yes, I dreaded it all tho time. My fortune had gone too high. Yet slie would have kept her promise; that I know. She hatha wild linuglnlng tlint I was to do great thing's In literature; and that my mnbltlon was to bo her pride. Well, iny ambition— nnd 'I would give my life for It — Is to see Eellu Mac donald once mote strong enough to be out In the white boat, and throwing a Hue over the Devil's Kirn." "Ay, but you will sec more than tlint," his companion said calmly. "You will see her fishing tlio best pools 011 the Garvn River, and herself tlio mistress nnd ovvuer of every one of tlieut. Docs that surprise j 011? Well, hitherto it tins only been n kind of dieain; but sometimes dreams come true. Aiul now I vyill tell you the story; It. Is bet ter j'ou sliOulil' be" prepared." When my. Ui/'iit; out tq Glongarvn House, the, windows in the drawlngroom lind bccn-lcft open, alfft iu tlie garden tiet;o'wus a- feltl slugiiigf-kivd the tones of lier 'voice wont straight to my benrt — so that — so that —but I cannot describe it; I sitpposc it Imp- pens to a 1111111 once in Ills life. Aud then she came Into the reom. . Ab, but you know hoi ; you have seen lier lu tlie rudhiucc of her youug enthuslusm nnd her wit and her bounty, and her kindness and courtesy 'to evoiy soul aiouiid her.' Well, then," when 'ny father nn 1 set out for the town again, )ve went out by tlie well where the sweet water Is— you know' — ami crossed- over to the Islands — tliqu I put1 ley project before him. I. said I wus witling to begin life again as a poor man, If only I cbuld buy hack enough of the Garva strath , to re-establish the Klu- vnlg family iu the old home of "their race. He laughed. lie said I was mad. He said I hod- been bewildered by the eyes of a girl; and that I wanted to win lier favor that wny. It was not so. If jny original scheme hud'bceu cnrrlcd'OUt, no human -being would ever, have known who had " rplustatcd tho Maeiloiiahls of Kluvaig in their nnclout possessions — because — because — well, I Should. have left the country. My father was against the plan at' first. He said It was a mere phautnsy. But all the samo It dwelt in his mind: he kept talking and talk ing, about it whoa . we, were up at iAit-ua- Trnlvo; and I' kirovv a hllud man. can 'see a Jo, t, when be Is thinking. And at last— vve vyoro along, nt .Morten's Buy,. I; remem ber, hut not occupied much With the fishing —for. the weather was so still nud . clear— at last ho said, 'Somerled, when we get bnck to the luu, you must sit dovvu nud vvrlte at o,uce to Gibson nud Galbrnltb, aud ask tbom if they can discreetly fiud but somC- th.lng / about Glougarva — tbat Is to say, what Is the length , of Lord Mouut- mabon's lease, tiud wbetber Sir Charles Orute: would, be prep'iired to 'sell,'"'Kuiipo.sing' the tenancy Were to" lnpso, and what would he the probable cost of the Klnvnlg property, including, the bouse, nud the flshlug rights all the way down. He spoke In nn ofthuml kind of vvny; but I knew he had been think ing. Yes, he. had been thinking to some pur pose, qs the ladles at Glougarva House will discover ere long. - For the way is pretty clear now. The Mountmabon scum have been Washed out of the place. And Sir Charles Orine is not so prosperous that lie is likely tft. refuse n good offer. He- will cpme to terms. It can be. managed, I tlitnlc; but— but —if ouiy my father cpuld have, lived to kiiovv that the Mncdonnlds of Kinynig were estab lished Iu the bid home of the .name!' Aud there's many a oue out there lit Canada will hoar, and rejoice; aud the news. Will spread; and many Is. the bonfire that Will' be Ht'whcn the. transaction is completed mid the old family restored. My .father used to talk of it.ns'a dream, and a'phnutasyi 'but it. is his inoncy that is going tp do it— " "And he lias not loft his/, money to' you?',' said Gllclirlst, with a start. .'.'Man/alive, what do'you tnko in 0 for?" the other retorted. "I would rather onru' uiy weekly wage ns a platelayer 011 the Canadian Paellic Road than seek to interfere . with such a grand idea. - Yes,, there vvHl. be bondros. The news will spread. I vyili take care of that. I will take, care there are, bonfires wlion tlie 110WB Is telograpbed over that .the Mac- ilonalds of Kluvaig arc going back to the old. liomq of the race." Gilchrist bad never seen this man, usually self-repressed nud silent, so excited— though ho strove to conceal' his .'excitement. : His hands were clenched, that-they- might: not betrny-. npy . trembling. " ' . ' : - ;» Tlieri Mncdonnld got some, stiifor control o'iiftns?fK?»)fif!he inld!!W,.'tWV„,v : ;'!/.!Tii(ife;rnnotlVer. side to 'tlie scheme//. Won pw.yjat'iill/pijSVVest Higblnndera''who go rfbrohdiadoitivoe jbrove :;gd'od"6bloiiistsj. they bav'cl notivbe'eiv puitiirb; tliey bnveW'ot 'much' motiyii'ln'ghinst "tbeui1; and .: 'Incessantly ' arid' longingly they are looking back t'o'tbc oid'country 'of the in-ne-sides nnd tlio lochs. Very well. ..My father lias set aside a sum so tbat any of (lie Ontario Klnvnlg people who have not beoii very fortuiinte, rind who vvririt to get bud: to tlie old borne; simll bo provided with a 'free' passage; and n further provision is that the ladles of Klnvnlg— ut their conve nience, of' course — not disturbing them In nuy why — will put of the same fuud secure for these people some little croft or stead ing, or perhaps some farm work, along tlio stratli. Now, do you uot think tlint is nil undertaking tlint Eelln Mncdonnld will do- liglit in? — because she hns always been so benevolent; and she knows the Gaelic; rind uevor was a Quecu 'ln 'nuy land thought of as .she Is thought of by the- Kluvaig Ma'c- dounlds. And I must bnve a picture of that— tlidrc are pleuty of ' artists "alivnys painting about the Highlands — and lie "must make n good composition of It, you know— the .girl coining out to the doorstep of the house — 111 tlie sunlight — and smiling arid shaking hands with this one and. that, wiillo tlie'plpor Is standing by ready to play 'The Roturn.of the Mncdonnlds of Klnvnlg.' Do you think I am blethering?" 'ho went ori, with his lips full of- determination:1'.' "But 'I am not. Aud vvlirit my father has failed to supply— If lie has fnlied to supply anything — that I will supply— for I ' bave -a little money of my ovvn— iny. father's.' will docs uot affect me much. 'And' wiieu' the 'picture Is painted, it must be sent oyer to Ontario; and there I will have it photographed, and tlie photograph enlarged, and any "number of; copies made, so that In every cottage or house, vvhosoever likes may have the scene of the 'Welcome Home'— the youiig girl the central figtire-Mn the sunlight— and' iaiigh- lug— arid shaking bauds— hei: , blue Tain 0' Shunter on the black hrilr-Tand.her geritic mother looking on In, quiet Sellghtflnot In? Iprppstug— uo. uo— rather iiflui.ug the ap- pon'rauee' of hpr daugiitei; as qiipen of tiie ceremony. Do you thlilk I.am hlethcrlug?" he repeated. "Why, man, - I " have two handsi-i do not cure irhat happens 'to" mo; i:ctui earn my' living!" v" ' He was cvltlently laboring under great ex citement, In spite of his Intention "of self- control; nnd Archie Gilchrist said to him— "But, Mr, Macdonald, you talk In such a strange way— you speak as If you were to be absent from all tbese grent "doings " "I?" responded his compnnlqn. "It Is not: for me to be there. There, may be great ilolngs, no doubt; nnd many of the old High land families will send a representative; and perhaps the Queen will despatch a messen ger, carrying congratulations to one tlint vvns her Maid of Honor In former days; but I — what should I be doing there? Money Is n vulgar thing. It gives 3-011 110 claim. It may set the machinery going; but tbe urn seen person should be down 111 the stoke hole. No, my friend; to-morrow- morning, when I have seen iny poor old father lalil In his last resting place— and I- know It was an honor he coveted— oh, yes, he vvas not n self- nssortlng man— fnr from that— but there was one honor he coveted, tlint his bones should lie In the old. churchyard of Kluvaig; ami tlmt has been all arranged; nnd vvlieu tbe brief ceremony Is over, well, tben, 1 ean drive you down to Iuvcrgnrrn, but after tbnt you must make your borne, for I -am bound for Liverpool, and tbeu away to Quebec." Gilchrist's lips grew rather white. "And that is what you shall not do," said lie. "Once or twice you have asked me whether you were u craven liouuil. Well, I say you are, if you do not come with me to Glengnrva nouse, and see Eelln Macilouiild face to face, and deiuaud of lier It my story Is true or false." For a long while Somerled Mnedouuld re mained silent. At last lie said— "It is not a pleasant ordeal for any nuiii to encounter, if she were to say to me — "You take advantage of a few words spoken In fever, and you betray tills contideuce — and what arc you but n treacherous friend?' Oil, I enn see the groat eyes glowing with Indignation. It Is not nu easy ordeal for any innn to encounter." "Ah, but 1 know," Gilchrist answered I1I111. "And ns for the betrayal of confidence — well, then, I was tlie betrayer. Iiut I could not live all my life dishonored. . Yes, yes, I am awn re tlint Eelln Mncdonnld would bnve kept-hor promise to me. I uni aware of that. Slio-ls too proud spirited for anything else. But you are coming Willi 1110. Into. Juv.einlsb, nnd j-011 are going, to telV.'licr 'she is free; anil then, whatever happens — happens— only I slinll uot have been dishonored; and, I tell 3'ou again, it Is not for Eelln Maqdonuld of Kluvaig to marry a dishonored man." CHAPTER LII. — FAREW ELL. It was' on 11 brilliant nud . cheerful anil shining day that these two drove along to wards Invernlsli. And nil their talk, now Hint poor Allan Macdonald lind been laid to his rest, vvns clilelly of a practical turn — concerned, Indeed, with tlio great project of huvlug tlie Mncdonnlds of Klnvnlg restored to their ancestral home. A brilliant day, In deed. 'J'lie yellowed branches of tlie elms und the limes burned strong against the tur quoise sky. The river went skivering down in silver; the far heights of Ben IVj'vis, when they came I11 slglit, were of a soft azure aiul clear to tho top. But nt 11 turn of the road, as they were getting d<4jvu towards tlie ishiuds, Somerled Macdonald nil of a sudden put his hands be fore Ills face, and tried to conceal tlint be had burst Into 11 fit of crying uud sobbing. "But what, is It?— what Is It?" Gilchrist exclaimed in alarm. "Oh, my God, don't you see?" the other managed to answer lilui.. "All. the blinds in Glengarvn House are: down at mld-day." Gilchrist called on. the driver to stop.. "I must have liiore certain liewstliere may be sonic mistake— I will not detain 3-011 but for a fovy moments." . Ho leapt down from tlie waggonette,', flung his coat, nnd cap 011 the bank-, nnd slipped Into tbe blnck-b'rovvri vvntrir, just above the Devil's Klni. He vvns nn excellent swim mer, and tbe river vvns low. Sqou he vvns across to- the shallows; nnd when he reached tkc dry'sliluglc aud the rowan bushes 'anil the pathway, he ran- with rill his might of running until ho disappeared within the gate. VVlion, after a brief space, he came out again, tbe strength seoiiied to have gone froui. bint; bo walked like 11 broken man. Of course ho bad to plunge Into the river! again, nnd flgiit bis way over to tlio Devil's Kirn, but when lie rejoined liis companion, - lie lind hardly 'a- word to-uttcr.; ' "Yes, -.It's true," lie gasped.- "And nil tlie vva3 over I vvas dreading. It happened this morning, I vvns told. And at the last she was "quite conscious. And she contrived' to pencil two messages— one' for you and one for me— and tho3; were sent In to tlie 'Ob server' ollico; Let us get on,'' ho said, as be pulled' bis coat round his shivering shoul ders. "If will- be the last sound of her voice."' ' v / ; in silence they drove Into Invornisli, and In Sonicried ' Mnedonnld's heart/there vyris tiie ngouy of a refrain; It sbouied to come from far away— arid yet to: have a' piteous liumrin cry ln.lt— " Loud winds, low winds; to every maid her lover, Where'er ' tlie 'sunlight shines, where'er the elindovys liover; ' - ' But lriy. dear love comes never; oh never,: back to me, ' N01; by /.the, .shore, nor by, the hills, nor by tlie ' Northern Sea. ' : " ' ' ' When they reached the ovvn they made straight for the ''Observer" office, au< in tiie editorial room! It was easy to pick out the two. letters they sought, for Keiiri generally used, a pecullnrb', shi'ped .'envelope, L'riuii be sides, they could ren dlly recognise, her haiui- vyrlting, ; eypu in tlu> frail - arid .qiicortairi scrawl" of tlic /bl.rie pencil./ ' This vvns tlie one lettcy, addressed, to Siiinerled l\Iacdonaid: "Tef hiin that syvns too proud, too houor- ablc, to speak/'' But well i knew— ah, well i knew; arid 'this Is ' only n word, of kindly good-bye. ' - Arid" I ' hope you will hot quite forget " : '' ' ' ' ' " / " '!" - ' "Eelln." And this was the other, addressed to :QI1- clirlst: ' 1 '' "DcarkfArchle,— You must now go nnd fight the g're'nf figbt lu London, anil vyln n name " for ' ybnrsclf,' vyhercvcr English : Is known., Arid if I lmye done, vvrorig to.'. you at imy' tlme— or if 'you tiiirik I have! done vvrorigj I risk you .'.for' pardon;' " "Eelln Mnydonrild." And out there In Gleug.-irva ' ilouse "n mo ther was kneeling by n bedside, pnt she vvas siiylng— ! ' ' /" - -u "Dciir God! mcrelfiil God! will you not take uiy life, and give iinek hers to her, that vvris so resplendent' in lier youth, nnd lind alt the 3'ears before her. Or vvlli you let me go to lior' — lot me go to her!— she has never been' used to' be 'alone. And— nnd perhaps i corild'lienr her speak ngn'iu; anil she woyl4 welcome tiie— ah, but I knoyv she vyouldi- slio -would run to nip— uiui she vvouid look At' tne-arid I should bear Iter' spenk ugrilii, with the voice tl'iat lind nil tlio Wonder of the vvorld In It " Now iii this ltousehold of whimpering wo men— vylilinperlng In secret corners, with an affectation of going' about their ordinary- dutleri— tiibre vyns oriij- one of tiiem y-hp bad left vvltli her n grnlii of epiirhge nnd couri riioii sense, rind tlint vvns Morng, tiie' red headed lass Irom Mull. For she entered arid went boldly to. her mistress, and put 'p blind on lier rirui, 'and tlie hand of Morag vvris strong... ; .- . ' '' "Mistress," /she said, "come away now, for vybiit'ls the use of greetln'? Comb atyriy doy'u to : tiip drriwlugrobm > "It" Is wiiere she used to. sing!" was tlip pitiful' protest— tjyUh liuotlier outburst ' of wliii vyeeplup.' /' ; / './ "My Eeilii;- that hiql thbwwpptnpssot.all the world's music. In her voice.'',-. -. - ; "To/the dlulugropm, tben-—" . "It Is vvhore she vised to gp frpui one win dow, to 'the other/' vyatcblng Fergps flsUiug down the pools— and to think she /will rievbr again be caillng'to hlrn-— " But Morng wri?, not to he galusald; and her grasp vvns. firrii. "Mistress.- come away now. I have been through '..bu.e trovib,'.: myself, Aud- what Is the use of greetln', for hours? .Come ayny now, uiul .vvo yvill yb Into tuo-gnirioii, rinti. I will ' 8bo\y you the corper wiiere Miss Eellu yvas so clever at getting the last' of the. raspberries: ' ' Ob", she' lind "the 'sharp eyesl 'And never for herself; It there-were any . ptiUdrcp about. She would ' call - to little lilagglp Maxwell— 'Maggie, -hpre," here! —can you spe that one? Or epp you reach thrit oiiet— and' she vvouid laugh aiul liend ddtrn.-t be! branches. Come ri' . as- now, mis tress, and take my arm, and I - ill show 3-ou the corner vybcrc she used to get the lust -of the rasps." (Tbe End. 