CHAPTER XL. “YOTF Will, TACATE THESE PREMISES AT TOUR EARLIEST CONTENIENCE.” “ Well, Gerald, I must confess this is rather tough on you!” monsieur Correlli remarked, in a voice of undis guised astonishment, as soon as the lawyer disappeared. “ I call it down right shabby of Anna to have left you so in the lurch. “It does not matter,” returned the elder man, but somewhat coldly ; for, despite his feeling of relief over the disposition of her property, he experienced a tinge of jealousy towards the more fortunate heir, whose, pity was ex cessively galling to him under the circum stances. Although the two men had quarreled just before Monsieur Correlli’s departure for New York, all ill-feeling had been ignored in view of their common loss and sorrow, and each had conducted himself with a courteous bearing toward the other during the last few days. “ What in the world do you suppose possessed her to make such a will the young man inquired, while he searched hia companion’s face with keen scrutiny. “And how strange that she Bhould have imagined all of a sudden that she was going to die, and so put her affairs in order 1” Mr Goddard saw that he had no suspicion of the real Btate of things, and he had no intention of betraying any secrets if he could avoid doing so. No one—not even her own brother— should ever know that Anna had not been his wife He would do what he could to shield her memory from every reproach, and no one should ever dream that—he could not divest himself of the suspicion—she had died wilfully. Therefore, he replied with apparent frankness : “ I think I can explain why she did so. On the day of our return from Wyoming, Anna and I had a more serious quarrel than usual; I never suw her so angry as she was at that time; she even went so far as to tell me that she hated me ; and so, I presume, in the heat of her anger, she resolved to cut me off with the proverbial shilling to be revenged upon me.” “ Well, she has done so with a ven geance,” muttered his brother-in-law. “I went to her afterward and tried to make it up,” his companion resumed, “ but she would have nothing to say to me. She was looking very ill, also, and when the next morning she sent me word that she was not able to join me at break fast, I went again to her door and begged her to allow me to send for Doctor Hunt, but she would not even admit me.” “ What wa3 this quarrel about ?” “ Oh, almost all our quarrels have been about a certain document which has long been a bone of contention between us, and this one was an outgrowth from the same subject.” “Was that document a certificate of marriage ?" craftily inquired Emil Cor relli. “Yes.” “ Gerald, were you ever really married to Anna?” demanded the young man, bending towards him with an eager look. His companion flushed hotly at the question, and yet it assured him that he lid not really know just what relations bis sister had sustained towards him. “ Isn’t that a very singular question, Elmil i ” he inquired, with a cool dignity ; that was very effective. “ What led you : to ask it ? ” “Something that Anna herself once laid to me suggested the thought,” Emil replied. “I know, of course, the cir mmstances of your early attachment— that for her you left another woman whom you had taken to Rome. I once '• isked Anna the same question, but she 1 vould not answer me directly — she ] svaded me in a way to confirm my bus- i licions rather than to allay them. And 1 iow this will—it seems very strange that ; the should have made it if——” “Pray, Emil, do not distress yourself : >ver anything so absurd,” coldly inter- ! posed Gerald Goddard, hut with almost 1 lueless lips. “ However, if you continue ;o entertain doubts upon the subject, you iave but to go to the Church of the—the iext time you visit Rome, ask to see the records for the year 18—, and you will ] ind the marriage of your sister ;duly i recorded there.” i “ I beg your pardon,” apologised the i loubter, now fully reassured by the above j ihrewdly fashioned answer, ‘‘but Anna nras always bo infernally jealous of you, md made herself, so wretched over the 1 rear of losing your affection, that I could 1 hink of no other reason for her foolish- 1 less. Now, about this will,” he added, tastily changing the subject,and referring to the document. “ 1 don’t feel qnite right to have all Anna’s fortune, in addi tion to my own, and no doubt the poor girl itould hare repented of her rash act f she conld have lived long enongh to get >rer her anger and realise what she was loing. I don’t need the money, and, jrerald, I am willing to make over some thing to you, especially as I happen to enow that yon have sunk the most of four money in unfortunate speculations,” the young man concluded, Mr Goddard’s tad, white face appealing to his generosity n spite of their recent difference. “Thank you, Emil,” he quietly ra llied, “hut I cannot accept your very rind offer. Since it was Anna’s wish that roa should have her property, I prefer > hat the will should stand'exactly as lies nade it; I cannot take any of the noney—not even what ‘the law would, illow,’ in view of our relations to each ither.” Those last words were uttered in a tone if peculiar bitterness that caused Mon lieur Correlli to regard him curiously. “ Pray do not take it to heart like that, ild boy,” he said kindly, after a moment, ‘and let me persuade you to accept at east a few thousands.” “ Thank you, but I cannot. Please do lot press the matter, for my decision is inalterable.” “ But how the deuce are you going to get along ? ” questioned the young man. “ I shall manage very well,” was the grave rejoinder. “ I have a few hundreds srhich will suffice for my present needs, md, if my hands have not lost their, cun ling, I can abundantly provide for my tuture by means of my .profession. By she way, what are your own plana? if I nay enquire.” He concluded to change the subject. , The young man paled at the question, and an angry frown settled upon his brow;. “ X am going to return immediately to New York—I am bound to find that girl,” he said, with an air of sullen resolution. “ Then yon were not successful in your search,” Mr Goddard remarked, dropping his lids to hide the Hash of satisfaction that leaped into his eyes at the wordB. “ No, and yes. I found out. that Bhe arrived safely in New York, where she was met by a young lawyer—Royal Bryant by name—who immediately spi rited her away to some place after dodg ing the policeman I had set on her track. 1 surmise that he has put her it. the care of some of his own friends. I went to him and demanded that he tell me where she was, but I might just as well have tried to extract information from a stone as from that astute disciple of the law. Be finally intimated that my room would be better than my company, and that I might hear from him later on.” “ Ah 1 he has doubtless taken her case in hand—she has chosen him as her attorney,” said Mr Goddard. “ It looks like it,” snapped the young man ; “ but he will not find it an easy matter to iree her from me ; the marriage was too public and too shrewdly man aged to be successfully contested.” “ It was the most shameful and das tardly piece of villainy that I ever heard of,” exclaimed Gerald Goddard, indig nantly, “ and——” “And you evidently intend to take the girl s part against me,” sneered his com panion, his anger blazing forth hotly. “ If I remember rightly, yon rather ad mired her yourself." “ I certainly did ; Bhe was one of the purest and sweetest girls I ever met,” was the dignified reply. “ Emil, you have not a ghost of a chance of support ing your claim if the matter comes to trial, and I beg that yon will quietly relinquish it without litigation,” he con cluded, appealingly. “Not if I know myself,” was the defiant retort. . “ But that farce was no marriage.” “ All the requirements of the law were fulfilled, and I fancy that anyone who attempts to prove to the contrary will find himself in deeper water than will be comfortable, in spite of your assertion that I * have not a ghost of a chance.’ ” “Possibly, but I doubt it. All the same, 1 warn yon, here and now, Cor relli, that I shall use what influence I have toward freeing that beautiful girl from your power,” Mr Goddard affirmed, with an air of determination not to be mistaken. “Do yon mean it—you will publicly appear against me if the matter goes into court 1” . “Ido.” The young man appeared to be in a white rage for a moment; then, snapping his fingers defiantly in his companion’s face, he cried: “ Do your worst I I do not fear you ; you can prove nothing." “ No; I have no absolute proof, bnt I can at least give the court the benefit of my suspicions and opinion.” “What! and compromise your dead wife before a scandal-loving public ? ’ “ Emil, if Anna could speak at this moment, I believe she would tell the truth herself, and save that innocent and lovely child from a fate which to her must seem worse than death,” Mr Goddard solemnly asserted. “Thank you—you are, to say the least, not very flattering to me in your comparisons," angrily retorted Monsieur Correlii, as he sprang from his chair and moved toward the door. He stopped as he laid his hand upon the silver knob and turned a white, vin dictive face upon the other. j “ Well, then,” he. said, between bis i white, set teeth, “ since you have deter mined to take this stand against me, it will not be agreeable for us to meet as heretofore, and I feel compelled to ask l?ou to vacate these premises at yonr very earliest convenience.” “ Very well 1 I shall of course imme diately comply with your request. A few hours wili' suffice me to’| make the move ?ou suggest-,” frigidly /responded Gerald Goddard; but he had grown ghastly white with wounded pride and anger at wing thus ignominioualy turned out of he house, where for so many years he lad reigned supreme. Emil Correlli bowed as he concluded, ind left the room without a word in •eply. (To be Continued). 