Dialogue Between a Young Married Lady and her Grand mot'per's lahost SCENE : A luxuriously furnished J res,ingrown ROSINA CTSTPBKLII: A young matron, who has just returntd from an exciting hockey match is re clining in an arm chair. She looks weary and hsdraggled. EOSINA.—It was a long way to go, and 1 almost wish I had not gone, but then Dick was so tiresome. He had no business to say that I had better stay at home, and that hockey was unladylike. I don't care if he does sulk, and I shan't notice him to-morrow when he returns. A husband has no right to interfere with his wife's amusement {looking round). Who can that be near the sofa, I did not hear the door open She is dressed for dinner, and is very prettv, but has an old-vorld look Ahem—b'm—I beg your pardon—ahem—who are you? and how did you come here ? GHOST OF EOPINA'S GRANDMOTHER (she is dressed in black velvet and lace, according to the fashion of fifty years ago).— I am your grandmother,jaud, as you know, I died many years before you were thought of. I am permitted on each anniversary of my death to return to earth for a few hours. 1 revisit my old home and other places that Ijloved, but this evening I thought I should like to see my only grandchild, and hear from her how Bhe occupies her time. You look very tired, and from the disorder of your attire I fear you must have met with an accident (she comes nearer); your cheek is bruised. ROSINA.—My grandmother's ghost. Why, this is as good as a visit to a clairvoyant or a peep in the crystal ball! Dear Gran, do have a cup of tea. I forgot; ghosts don't drink tea. Yes, my dress is filthy, and it got torn when I fell; then Johnson was such a duffer that instead of hitting the ball his hockey stick caught me full on the cheek. GHOST.—An awkward boy; but children are rough. It was kind of you to play with them ; but I would choose a quiet game were I in your place. ROSINA.—Children, Grannie? What an oldfashioned frump you must think me. I have been at Mrs. Sherlock's hcckey match; quite the smartest given as yet—eight matrons against eight of the XX Vth Hussars. I tell you we made thpm pliy up. In our rush I went too fast and fell over Captain Dashwood ; that little cad Spenlow fell over me.. I paid them out when I got up. It was fun ! Mrs. Sherlock got such a black eye and Mrs. Turner sprained her ankle ; but we matrons were victorious. On the other side Spenlow and Johnson have their foreheads cut, and I gave that horrid Dashwood a crack acrass the knuckles that skinned them^ GHOST.—EoEina, what are you talking about ? Is this the manner in which ladies amuse themselves ? It sounds to me like the conduct of schoolboys. How does your husband like your playing eo rude a game ? EOSINA.—That is a matter of no importance. No Ejnait woman consults her husband's wishes. GHOST.—Then I gather that he does not approve. Tell me something more of yonr employments. Your household duties and your dear children take up your mornings, of course ? ROSINA—My children are not the slightest inconvenience to me. I have an excellent nurse, who looks after them. She is quite capable and ' never worries me. I sometimes have the brats in to see me for half-an-hour. It is quite enough. After breakfast I arrange about dinner, and then if it is fine I am off on my bike. We have a good biking club, and there are always five or six ready to go for a fifteen or twenty mile ride. GHOST.—No doubt a charming diversion (she comes to the front of the soja on which are extended a pair of divided shirts). I see Mr. Campbell is coming in to dress for dinner, as his garments are on the sofa. They have a curious shape, but of cour&e; everything is changed. ROSINA.—Ha, ha, ha! Oh, you will till me. Those are my new divided skirts. I like them so much that 1 must have at least three pairs, and the tailor sent these home while I was out. GHOST.—I can't stay much longer. ^ How will you spend trhiB evening ? EOSINA.—Dick is away, so I asked Mrs. Lightfoot and Jack Stevens to come to dinner. Jack i6 such fun, and Mr?. Lightfoot is sweet—6he is eoup to- date; we are going to a Cinderella at Lady Clare's. GHOST —A Cinderell* ? RO§INA (crossly).—A small dance. GHOST.—I loved to dance—don't be shocked; I used to waltz. ROSINA.—Shocked! Everybody waltzes; but I think it is rather slow. I like a " Washington Post" and a good " Kitchen Lancers." GHOST—Oh, hush ! You can'c dance in the kitchen. ROSINA.—No, Gran; but we shout and push each other as if »e were servants dancing, and everyone likes it. Now you must tell me how you spent your time when you were young. GHOST (nadly).—I was always young. I was only twenty-five when I died. ROSINA.—No olTence—I mean—I mean when you were alive. 1<; in hard ro remember I am talking to a ghost. GHOST.—Asyouknow, your grandfather was the squire of Altingham, and a Equire's wife has many responsibilities. RosiNA —Responsibilities be blowed ! GHOST.—We breakfasted at nine o'clock, and when that wa3 over I arranged all household matters with our dear old housekeeper, and then fetched your mother from the nursery. What a sweet child she was. Two delightful hours passed quickly, while I taught her to read and to sew, after which we went for a walk through the village. We visited the school and called to see the sick and aged, to speak a few words of kindness and find out if we could help them. There was always a smile for little Missy, whose winsome ways had gained the Jove of all the cottagers. At half-past one we lunched, and some time afterwards I tcok a drive, accompanied by your mother. If it was wet I worked, or played on my guitar and sang. At 5.30 we dined, and then read until tea-time, and from eight o'clock until ten we played piquet or backgammon. Your grandfather ROSINA (interrupting) —Great Scott ! I don't wonder you died. A single week of such life would finish me. (Ghost becomes almost invisible.) Gran—Gran—don't go so fast, I want to take in the fashion of your dress, the cut is FO distinctly early Victorian. (C-host vanishes.)—Hearth and Home. THB " Curlews " are holding a "Ladies' Invitation Conceit" in the Fitzroy lown Ball, on Thursday next, 24th March. Thehon. secretary, Mr G. H, S. Lee, has an excellent programme prepared for the occasion. 