THE BISHOP OF GERALDTON. W ' CONSECRATION OF DR. KELLY. ( Southern Cross, August 19.) The imposing ceremony of episcopal con secration, which is one of the most signifi cant celebrations in the whole ritual of the Church, was carried out with great pomp and ' splendour in St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral on Sunday. The ceremony, as nrocp.rnViOfl Tvtr mhrine io fivafl nn> fl.: scale befitting the high and holy functions about to be conferred, for, as the conse crating prelate solemnly says, " It is the duty of a bishop to judge, to interpret the scriptures, to consecrate, to ordain, to offer sacrifice, to baptise, and to confirm." The word bishop means in its general accepta tion a spiritual overseer, and as by Divine appointment the Pope governs the whole Church, so each Bishop is the spiritual head or ruler of the diocese assigned to him by the Holy Father. It is provided tnererore tnan une ceremony snail oe most imposing, and that there be at least two assistant prelates present. The latter provision is considered so essential indeed ' that the Council of Nice declares the con secration to be null and void if this condi tion is not fulfilled. The personal prepara tion is not less important than the actual ceremony. The bishop-elect is required to make a retreat for the week prior to the consecration, while both he and the conse crating prelate fast on the day previous. This custom is in accordance with the usage and traditions of the apostles, in order that the prelates may earnestly and effectually implore the grace of God, that the bishop about to be consecrated may be a fit minister of. the Churclf, and that all present may be better disposed to receive the special graces of the occasion. Sunday s ceremony is the third of its kind performed in the diocese of Adelaide, the remaining four prelates having been consecrated outside the colony. The first bishop, Dr. Murphy, was consecrated in St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, on September 8, 1844 ; Dr. Geoghegan in Melbourne on September 8, 1859 ; Dr. Shiel in St. Francis' Church, Melbourne, August 15, 1866 ; Dr. Reynolds in St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral, November 2, 1873 j Dr. O'Reily in St. Mary's, Sydney, May 1, 1888 ; and Dr. Maher in St. Francis Xavier's Cathe dral, April 26, 1896. Sunday's ceremony, therefore, makes the number of those con secrated without the See greater than those annointed within, but future bishops ai» f.lia ornTi rl i npoca will olmAcf. povfainlv Ha consecrated in the Cathedral. The Ceremony. Shortly after eleven o'clock a solemn procession of prelates, priests, and acolytes was formed and filed into the high altar of the Cathedral. The scene was singularly impresive. The appearance of the altar with its brilliant decorations, the varied colors of the vestments, the costly insighias of office carried by the prelates, all com- bined to throw an irresistible charm of dignity and grace over the proceedings. His Grace the Archbishop, wearing the cajppa magna ; the assistant bishops robed in rochets, amices, stoles, and copes, and wearing white mitres ; the bishop-elect robed as a priest in pure white, assisted in making the scene resplendent and inspiring in the extreme. Assembled before the high altar, the Archbishop proceeded to the throne, attended by the Very Rev. Father Vincent, C.P., and Rev. Father Carroll, S.J. Before the altar sat the consecrating prelate (Right Rev. Dr. Corbett), while the Bishop-elect (Right Rev. Dr. Kelly) and the assistant Bishops (Right Revs. Dr. Dunne and Dr. Maher) sal- on either side before him. The other priests taking part in the ceremony were V olj' JLwvJV# Js divliwi. .1. L UI loj' UvdvUIl Rev. Father McEvoy (sub- deacon), Very Rev. Archpriest Nevin (assistant priest),- Father Cosgrave (master of ceremonies), Father Collins, of Melbourne (chaplain to Dr. Kelly), Very Rev. Father Norton, V.G. (chaplain to Dr. Maher), Father MacKillop, S.J. (chaplain to Dr. Dunne), Father Cornes (assistant master of ceremonies), ' and Fathers Alfred, C.P., Enright, and Ryan. After the preliminary salutations bf the -consecrating prelate by the bishop-elect and the assistant bishops, Dr. Dunne arose and said " Holy Church demands that this priest present; shall be raised to the episcopate." The Apostolic Briefs were demanded, and the consecrating prelate declared that they should be read. This having been done, Dr. Kelly took the oath given m the ritual. The examination, which is one of the most interesting features of the ceremony, was then begun. The questions, which were given by Dr. Corbett in a voice singularly clear and impressive, were put in order that the sayiug of the apostle " Be thou not hasty in consecrating any man " might be realized ; also that the bishop about to be examined might be instructed how to demean himself in his new office, and that the consecrating imposition of hands might be irreprehensible. Text op the Examination. As each question was put Dr. Kelly arose, uncovered his head, and gave the appropriate answer. The most important of the questions and answers were as fol lows : — Wilt thou, both by word and example, teach the Flock, for which thou art or dained, those things which thou under- standest from the Holy Scriptures ? I will. Wilt thou reverently receive, teach, and keep the Traditions of the f Orthodox Fathers, and the authoritative enactments of the Holy and Apostolic See ? I will. Wilt thou uniformly render to Peter, the blessed Apostle, to whom by -God was given the power of binding and " loosening, and to his Vicar Leo XIII., and to his suc cessors, the Bishops of1 Rome, fidelity, sub jection, and obedience, according to the injunctions of the Canons ? I will. Wilt thou restrain thy practices from all evil, and to the utmost of thy power, God helping, direct them to all goodness ? I will. Wilt thou, with God's assistance, observe thyself and teach others to observe chas tity and sobriety P I will. Wilt thou forever continue a bondsman m the affairs of God, and estranged from earthly affairs, and base lucre, as far as human frailty permits thee ? I will. Wilt thou preserve humility and patience in thyself, and teach the like to others ? I will. Wilt thou, for the sake of God's holy name, be affable and merciful to the peor, to the stranger, and to all in need ? I will. The consecrating prelate then says : These and all other good; gifts, may the Lord confer upon thee, and may He keep thee and strengthen thee in all goodness. And all answer, Amen. Dost thou believe according to the mea sure of thy understanding and conception the Holy Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, to be one God Almighty ; and that nne wnoie croaneaa is m tne Joiy Trinity, in essence, in substance, in eternity and omnipotence the same, of one will," power, and njajesty, the Creator of all creatures, from whom are all things, through whom are all things, and in whom are all things which are in Heaven, or in earth, visible and invisible, corporal and spiritual ? I assent, and so I believe. Dost thou believe that, in the Holy Trinity, each Person is the one, true, full, and perfect God ? I do believe. Dost thou believe that the very Son of God, the Word of God, born of the Father from all eternity, consubstantial, of the same power, and in all things co-equal with the Father in Deitv. was born in the time of the Holy Ghost, from Mary ever a virgin ; having two births, one before all ages from the Father, the other in time from a Mother ; that He is true God and true Man, proper and perfect in both natures ; not an adopted nor ideal son, but the only and the one Son of God ; in two natures and of two natures, but in the singleness of one person, impassable and immortal in his Godhead ; and yet, that in his human nature He suffered for us, by a true suffering of the flesh, and was buried ; and, with a true resurrection of the flesh, rose again on the third day ; and that on the fortieth day after His resur rection, with the flesh in which He rose, and with His soul, He ascended into Heaven ; and that He sitteth on the right hand of the Father, and thence will come to judge the living and the dead ; and will render to every one according to his works, whether they be good, or whether they be evil ? I assent, and so in every point I do believe. Dost thou likewise believe that the Holy Ghost is full and .perfect, and true God, proceeding from the Father and the Son, co-equal and co-essential, co-omni potent and co-eternal, in all things, with flio PQ+.Viaw on/5 fli A Qnn 9 I believe. Dost thou believe this Holy Trinity to be not three Gods, but One God Almighty, eternal, invisible, and unchangeable P I believe. . ' Dost thou believe that the Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church is the one true Church, in which the one true baptism is given, and the true remission of all sins P . I believe. Dost thou also anathematise every Heresy which lifteth itself up against this holy Catholic Church ? I do anathematise them. Dost thou also believe in a true resur rection of the same flesh which thou now bearest, and a life everlasting ? I believe. Dost thou also believe that of the New and the Old Testament, of the Law, and of the Prophets, and of the Apostles, there is but one and the same author, God the Lord Alihighty ? I believe. Then the consecratoi says : May this faith be increased for thee by the Lord, unto thy true and eternal bliss, most beloved brother in Christ. And all answer, Amen. The Mass of the Day. The examination having been concluded the mass of the day was begun in dif ferent chapels. Dr. Corbett, as consecrat ing prelate, remained at the high altar, but Dr. Kelly and the assistant bishops filed into the altar of the Sacred Heart, where the bishop-elect was vested with I pectoral cross, sandals, flowing stole, dal- . matic, chasuble, and maniple. After the epistle Dr. Kelly was conducted once more before the consecrating prelate in the centre of the altar, and all knelt and prayed that '" Almighty 'God providing in His beneficence for the utility of His Church, might bestow a plenteousness of grace on this Elect through Christ our Lord." The Litany of Saints was then -said, Dr. Kelly lying prostrate meanwhile. This over, the bishop-elect arose, and Dr. Corbett and the assistant bishops taking the book of the Gospels placed it open; over the neck and shoulders of Dr. Kelly, all three saying together, " Receive thou the Holy Ghost." The Ceremony of Anointing. . The chief portion of the ceremony — that of anointing the head of the bishop-elect —was then commenced, Preparatory to this important office, Dr.; Kelly's forehead was -wrapt with linen, and the hymn " Yeni Creator" was intoned., Dr. Corbett then arose, and placing an apron upon his knees annointed the head of the bishop-elect, WI1U JAIXtUO UtJlULO 111LU, Baying, JDe uny head anointed and consecrated in the order of High Priest, by heavenly benedic tion in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." Continuing, the consecrating prelate said: "May this, O Lord, flow abundantly on his head may it reach his lips ; may it descend to the extreme parts of his body; so that the power of Thy Spirit may replenish him interiorly ; and cover him all round exteriorly. May the constancy of faith, the purity of Divine love, and the sin cerity of peace abound in him. May his feet, by Thy gift, be beautiful to preach peace, and to carry glad tidings of good things. Give to him, O Lord, the ministry of reconciliation, in words, and in deeds, in the power of signs and prodigies. "Let his speech and preaching be, not in the per- cndQivo rtf liiimQ.il wiorlrtm Vkuf. in f.ViA WHI.IIU4.IW > VkHW V K/IWAU. WHO showing of the Spirit and power. Give to him, O Lord, the keys of the kingdom of heaven, that he may employ without osten tation, the power which Thou dost impart, for edification and not for destruction. Whatsoever he shall bind on earth, be it bound also ,in heaven : and whatsoever he shall loosen on earth, be it loosened also in heaven ; whose sins he shall retain be they retained ; and whose sins he shall remit, may they be by Thee remitted. Whatso ever shall curse him, be himself accursed; and whosoever shall bless him, be himself replenished with benedictions. May he be the faithful and wise servant whom Thou, O Lord, appointest over Thy family, to give them meat in season, and to render every man perfect. May he be in watchfulness diligent, in spirit fervent; may he detest pride ; may he love humility and truth, and be never led, by praises or fear to abandon them. May he never put light for darkness nor darkness for light ; may he never call evil good, nor good evil"; may he be, to the wise and the unwise, a debtor, that from the profit of all, he may gather fruit. Promote him, O Lord, to the Episcopal chair, to rule Thy Church, and the Flock committed to him. Be thou unto him authority; be Thou his power, be Thou his strength. Multiply upon him thy benedictions and grace ; that by Thy gift he may be worthy to obtain mercy through his prayers ; and be, by Thy grace, devoted to Thy love. Through our Lord Jesus Christ, Thy Son, who, together with Thee, liveth and reigneth in the unity of the Holy Ghost, world without end. Amen." The hands of the bishop-elect were then bound, placed in the form of a cross, and anointed. The crozier was blessedly Dr. Corbett and given with the- words : — Receive this staff of the pastoral office, that in the correction of vice, thou mayest employ severity with kindness, and exercise judgment without anger : and that in cherishing virtue, thou mayest soothe the minds ot tny nearers, wicnouc negieccing in thy peacefulness, and severity of re proof. Amen. The episcopal ring was also blessed with the words : — Receive this ring, the pledge of affiance, that, being adorned with the token of un tainted fidelity, thou mayest guard with honor incorrupt the spouse of God, His holy Church. Amen. The book of the Gospels, which had hitherto been held over the shoulders of Dr. Kelly, was closed ond presented to him, Dr. Corbett saying — Receive the Gospel, and go forth, and preach it to the people committed to thee ; for God is powerful to augment His grace to thee, who liveth and reigneth, world without end. Amen, Conclusion of the Mass. The newly-consecrated bishop, accom panied by the assistant bishops, then re turned to the altar chapel and the Mass was continued on both altars to the end of the Offertory. The consecrating prelate again seated himself in the middle of the altar, and the newly consecrated bishop coming from the chapel made an offering of two lighted torches, two loaves, and two vessels of wine. The Mass was then con tinued on both sides of the altar, and at the communion Dr. Corbett and Dr. Kelly partook of the same host and the same chalice. Towards the conclusion of the Holy Sacrifice the mitre was blessed and put on the head of the newly consecrated bishop, and he was conducted by the assistant bishops through the church, giving his blessing to the people as he passed. . At the end of the Mass the solemn pontifical blessing was given, and Dr. Kelly having been received to the Kiss of Peace by the other bishops, was con ducted away. Thus ended one of the most impressive ceremonials ever carried out in the diocese of Adelaide. 