| THE STORY OF A STAMPEDE. A FAMOUS INCIDENT OF COW-. BOY LIFE IN TEXAS. In 1876 the Wilson brothers of Kansas City purohased over fifteen thousand head of cattle and arranged to centralise the herd near Comanche. Springs, in McLennan County. On the Fourth of July the entire herd was under way, headed for Towasb, on the Brazos River. It was a magnificent army of steers,' in superb condition, kept together by a corp3 of twenty-five cowboys, mounted on broncos. At four o, clock in the afternoon (writes J. B. Cranfill in the 'Independent) a black cloud showed above the foothills, and the sun shining against it painted a rainbow which' ap-' peared to touch the earth at both ends. The entire herd became nervous, and showed their fear by those low bellowmgs, ominous to the experienced cattleman as the muttering thunder. When the sun set, the cattle were bedded on the plains near the south Bosque. A detail of four cowboys was made for the first watch, and these mounted sen inels took their places and rode around tbe sleeping squadron of long horns . ' The first watch ended at nine 0, clock, and the second watch went on duty. At ten o'clock the cattle appeared to be sleeping profoundly. The cowboys say that the cattle dream aud see ghosts; it is certain that this drove of 15,000 waB nervous, made so, perhaps, by the thunder-storm of the previous afternoon and the rainbow' which tbey had eyed with suspicion. The stars were all shining, and there was no cause nt all for the arousing of the herd. They appeared to get up all at once, with a single purpose, and the roar that was heard seemed to come from a singlethrcat. The Wilson brothers and their cowboys, who were all sleeping in their camp, rushed 10 their ponies, which were grazing with the saddles and bridles on, and as fast as tbe bits could be replaced in their mouths, they mounted and galloped to the flanks of the now disappearing mass. The cowboys kept out of the way of the charging mass, and galloped on the flanks, moving toward the head of the column, hoping to start them moving in a circle. As the herd rushed on, their horns rattled together, and all the horns of fifteen thousand head of cattle rattling together sounded like an immense con cert of castanets. The elder of tbe Wilson brothers was riding a creamy-colored stallion, and he had bia Colt's revolver in his hand. One of the cowboys onaeray horsewas ableto keep up with him. These two distanced all the others. They rode across the stampede, which is a feat attended with terrific danger ; for when a rider is in front of the rushing drove of mad cattle, if bis horse should stumble and fall, he may be put down as a thing of the past. The herd will ' wipe him out.' There was a. bunch of about fifty cattle fully twenty yards in advance, and to wards thia leading group the two rescuers rode. Of the leading group, also, some were faster than others, and this group ran in a diamond shape, with two immense steers leading all. When Mr. Wilson and his companion reached tha two leading Bteers they began shooting their revolvers close to them, and in that way the bunch wa3 made oblique, and as the leading bunch of cattle obliqued tha main stampede obliqued, and tbe first step in ' milling ' had been taken. By this time the cattle were getting tired. Nearly five miles had been covered, and the breath of the leaders was coming short and painfully; but tbey were rush ing on, because for the front cattle at tbis time as a matter of fact the only safety war- in keeping up the run. Mr. Wilson bad a Mexican along, one of tbe best cow-boys in the South West. This Mexican had been to the little brandy runlet too often, and hi$ usual excellent judgment went away.' When be succeeded in getting mounted^ the stampede had gone past him, so that when he overtook the rear end, be passed to tbe front on the other side and rode on tbe wrong flank. When he reaohcA the head of the herd, he was just in time to defeat the manosuvre then under ex ecution of bending the moving mass from a straight line to a semicircle. Revolver in hand, disregarding tho other men, he began shooting ia the faces of the wild steers ; and tbe effcot of this was to straighten the run and bring the advance straight toward a precipioe^ a This precipice was a wash in tbe prairie, forming a deep ravine fully thirty yards wide; and in a shorter time than it takes to tell the head of the colurcm was pouring over, a horrible cascade of be6f, plunging madly into destruction while fleeing from an imaginary danger. When Mr. Wilson and his lieutenants saw that it was impossible to savo their cattle, they saved themselves by dexter ously turning at right angles at full speed and riding out of the way. They next returned to the flank and held a council of war. A few seconds decided them, and all hands commenced Bhooting into the herd, tho object now being to build a breast-work of carcasses and. savo the rear end from the destruction that had overtaken tho front. The gully' was nearly full of cattle by this time. They^ were snorting and bellowing, crashing and tearing, and still heaping; up ; and when tho firing began, tha wounded ones tumbled over on the others, aud in a short time tho gully, lik& the sunken road at Waterloo, was bridged by carcases. The herd surged up in bil lions, like an ocean, and bent now becauso it could not do othorwise. Tho semi-circle was formed, und Wilson and his meu orossod the guily below and rode around tho opposite side and recrossed ; and iu a short time they had the cattle halted, forming an incomplete letter O, and thero _ they stood, blowing, bellowing, shivering. All hands remained on watch all night and in tho morning, when a count wob mado, it was ascertained that twenty seven * hundred head were missing. There were afterward twenty-soven hun dred pairs of horns taken from that gully, It was called 'Stampede Gully'1 Jor yea'3 afterward, ' , 