MR. GLADSTONE'S DEATH. THE BODY AT WESTMINSTER. MIDNIGHT SCENE IN THE STREETS. INCIDENT IN THE STAR CHAMBER. ("Pall Mall Gazette," 26th May.) Under the eaves of night, the body of William Ewart Gladstone, wrapped in a flowing silken gown, and enclosed in a homely hamlet-made coffin, was borne last night from rural Hawarden to the heart of hearts of this straining world, London. An engine, jet black, slid through the night, hurrying on their way the carriages that bore the coffin and the mourners, pushing on as though panting with eager- ness to deliver its burden to the care of the country that has claimed it. As had been ordained, the carriages quitted the greater railway system for the lesser at Willesden Junction, and, burrowing underground, out of the drumming roar of London traffic, that ceases not day nor night, came to Westminster Bridge Station. Thence, at one hour past midnight, the coffin was quietly carried to old Westminster Hall, and set upon the draped catafalque where it is to rest till on Saturday the Abbey, the bosom of our race, receives it. The last of many long, and weary journeys is ended, the last ticket has been given up The night in London was gray and still The clouds that had sponged the stars from the sky hung high, however, and fit- ful breezes filled the space intervening between earth and heaven. A dull depression was in the air, and even the crowds that hurried or struggled home from Epsom Downs were less loud or long as they swung through London's streets than It is their wont to be. All through the early night many people strolled to and fro, for the most part in silence, round about the ancient Hall and Abbey. They paused to peer through the iron palings at the great northern window of Westminster Hall, from which light, fan-shaped and like powdered silver and gold, was flung into the gloom of the yard ; they craned their necks over the stone parapet just to see if there was anything to see, or they stood- in groups on the pavement mutely gazing at the giant towers and minarets of House and Abbey that loomed gray against the dun dour sky. Westminster Hall was lighted ; the Abbey, was lighted, and the people ... J seemed to be fascinated by the knowledge that doings of quite unusual purport were going on inside. "The burden of these thoughts made it difficult for those that loitered about to fix upon a definite time to break, with the strange-and hurry to the familiar home. But as the hour of mid- night drew near the streets and squares rapidly emptied, and at 12 o'clock were almost, if not quite as deserted as they usually are at that hour. AWAITING THE BODY. Half-an-hour after midnight there began to assemble upon the pavement near the Clock Tower as strange a gathering as has been seen for many a day. The atoms of the crowd, which never numbered more than about a hundred, were for the most part the wrecks of a great city-citizens of the night and cold, whose estates are the gutter and seats those on the Embank- ment. These shuffled along from the benches that face the river from Blackfriars to Westminster, men and women, and collected in a woe-begone and silent knot in the hope that they might catch a glimpse of the procession, and so add a little colour to the night And they were not disappointed. So London awaited the arrival of the jet-black engine and its little train of carriages. THE ARRIVAL OF THE COPPIN. When at four minutes past 4 the train drew up at the platform, the coffin was taken out, and a little procession formed, led by the officials of the College of Arms, and followed by Canon Wilberforce, the Duke of Norfolk, Mr. Herbert Gladstone, M.P., Mr. Henry Gladstone, and Dr. Blas. After these came the few gentlemen who had been waiting. This miniature procession ' slowly made its way through the subway, and at the very moment the coffin, covered by Archbishop Benson's white part, passed from the gloom of the tunnel to the wan light of New Palace Yard, the great clock above chimed a quarter past 1. At the first glimpse of the procession and the first clang of the bell the ragged gathering that peered through the railings removed their tattered hats, and stood in silence while the end pageant made its way over the stones of New Palace Yard to be swallowed up in Westminster Hall. For a little while the coffin rested in the Star Chamber, while the undertakers sealed it up for all time, so that no one henceforth will set eyes upon the face of the dead statesman. At half-past 2 the procession, still accompanying it, paled into Westminster Hall, u The morning broke drab and dreary. A shivering wind swirled up from the river ; sky, air, and water everything looked morose and felt clammy. Smoke trailed and tore itself to tatters among the roofs and chimney-pots, and the clouds covered the earth like an opaque inverted bowl. The streets were bare and cold, the whole earth looked cold and repelling. Shortly after 5 it seemed as though there was to be at least a little sunshine, for the clouds in places tore asunder and allowed the sun to smite the city with javelins of fire. But no ! the clouds drifted together again, and the world was overcast. It was a relief to those who patiently waited when a few mail-cart, flaming red, flashed round the corner, and made off down the street. A dreary, "hour, dismal, dun, dishearten- ing morning to those who were about. THE EARLIEST ARRIVALS AT PALACE YARD. # Shortly after 4 o'clock the earliest of to be spectators began to arrive. By 5 o'clock these had become a respectable number, so that they were lined up by the police, and, standing four abreast, reached from the corner gate of New Palace Yard to the Clock Tower. Already the police were present in numbers, almost equalling the people, and from this time until half-an-hour before the gates were opened to the public battalion after battalion marched into New Palace Yard until the paved square was nearly half-full of blue coats. That no mistake was to be made in the caretaking of the people and the proper marshalling of the informal procession was quite evident at an early hour., About twice as many policemen were present as were needed at any part off this morning. At a quarter past 3 the long line made its first move. The police guided the people from the corner where its head had rested along to the gates nearest to the door of Westminster Hall. At half-past 5 vehicular traffic became more general, and people poured in from all points of the compass until the line reached well on to Westminster Bridge. Many cyclists, men and women, came scudding in and hovered about, having come to gaze on the press of people and not to take part In the solemn parade. The make-up of the crowd was (most interesting. In the first place, the women almost equalled the mea In numbers, and nine-tenths of the men and women alike ware house. It was quite «9yid*_t that a large proportion of the.apectatox» were employees from various large anona apparently on the Surrey side, for the young folk seemed to know one another, and collected in friendly groups, so that they might enter the venerable hall in company. There was a sprinkling of old men, but no old ladies, and, so far as could be ascertained, there was scarcely a representative of the labouring class, although it was expected that many such would be the first to enter. It may, of course, be that they had dressed themselves in their best, and so could not well be distinguished from their fellows). In manners and demeanour the streams of people that lined upon the pavement were radically different from the ordinary walk- ers for doors to open. On the faces of the people were no signs of impatience, irritation, or anxiety ; no Jibes, no jokes, no Jeers were flung along the line. Scarcely a newspaper fluttered among the throng. There was not the slightest scrambling, shuffling, or pushing for places, but all spoke pleasantly the one to the others, and assisted each another, instead of crushing forward or elbowing back. Gloom did not sit upon their souls ; their hearts were full of gentle sorrow, but their eyes were not filled with tears. The police did not need to utter caution or give command. Each person fell into place quickly and quietly, and waited In serene patience for the hour to arrive when the gates should swing wide and all might enter. Highborn on lowly, Londoners make a most tractable concourse. THE MARCH OF THE THOUSANDS. At length " Ben" In big bull tones banged out the hour appointed. Instantly there was a straightening of backs in the lines, both policemen and people suddenly stood the more erect, then the great iron gates were flung back, and the first atoms of the long stream flowed into New Palace Yard. Long before the door of Westminster Hall was reached the men snatched their bats and caps from their heads, and the women drew closer to one another. At a surprisingly quick pace the thousands marched on. A triumphant march it was rather than one of sorrow or despair ; a praise giving for a noble life rounded in years, not a wail for one who gave promise and died. The faces which hitherto had borne expressions of gentle benevolence seemed suddenly to harden a little, and eyes took unto them a glint of awe at the mystery of death upon which they were to gaze. But each went fearlessly on. The old hill stood lipping full of semi- gloom. The row of snow-white statues along the wall accentuated the gloom. The clustered pas gets burned ineffective fires, the Windows threw quivering ghost-lights into the hall. All to no effect. These lights but pricked the sides of the dimness so that every soul saw that the gloom held absolute sway. And, too, the shuffling of the many feet on the wooden floor seemed but to bring out the clearer the fact that the-place was the home of dusk and silence. Above, the mighty rafters showed angled elbows out of utter darkness, and caught points of brightness from the candles, but most of the roof was in Mack oblivion. Meeting the people at the very threshold of the hall is a barricade, arrow- head in shape, that splits the human stream in two. This barricade and those that keep the people from straying from the straight path is breast high, and every inch of it covered with blue-black cloth. At first the space that divides the two streams is only a few feet wide, but suddenly, as the centre of the hall Is reached, it widens and forms a sort of tiny chamber. In the centre of this chamber, set a little higher than the barricades, is the catafalque, and upon It rests the oaken coffin : plain, rich red oak. A simple cross stands at the head, the cream-white pall of Archbishop Benson is at the foot of the coffin, and falls in folds and the black cloth that covers the catafalque. At each corner of the chamber like place stands a massive silver candlestick holding high a tall lighted candle. Mr. Gladstone's wishes have been well remembered. " Very simple" is everything about this lying in state. The one-cynical touch about the whole scene is furnished by the statue of Charles II. It stands on the left in a careless attitude, and Its rather sceptical gaze falls pointedly on the coffin. For something more than half-an-hour the people passed through the hall In numbers only limited by the accommodation of the passage-ways. Not a word was said. There were demonstrations neither of sorrow nor surprise. Strange to tell, many people passed by the coffin without once lifting eyes to it, but, calm of face, shaped their course straight for the door of exit. It was only when the door leading to St. Stephen's porch was reached that these people seemed suddenly to' remember their hearts' desire, and most of them paused and turned to cast the glance that had been neglected before. Nowhere else but on these steps did the people check their onward course, and only in the corridor beyond were the voices of the police heard requesting all to move on. One and all quitted the building with calm expressions on their honest face, and none seemed in his soul to say, " A woeful pageant have we here beheld." 