NOTES ON CURRENT EVENTS. ———— I, have been privileged with a glimpse, at a useful little work bearing the suggestive title of " Don't, " and purporting to convey direc- tions for avoiding improprieties in conduct and speech. It is announced in the preface that " many of the rules are the result of the compiler's personal observation, and exper- ence " from which I should gather that the compiler is a keen observer, and one enjoy- ing a somewhat remarkable experience. This of course does not lessen, but rather in- creases, the value of his suggestions. The dinner table recommendations should be of much service. We are told, for instance, with regard to the napkin, " Don't spread it over your lap, but let it fall over your thigh. " The writer don't say which thigh. This is puzzling for a student who wants to be quite up-to-date. In taking soup " Don't gurgle or make other noises. " Other sug- gestions include " Don't eat with your knife " and " Don't put your knife in your mouth. " These recommendations are simple and to the point, but they are not, it seems to me, sufficiently comprehensive. " Don't sit in your soup plate " and 'Don't put your feet in the gravy bowl " ought surely to have been included, as many fastidious people object to these practices. " Don't eat too fast, or gorge " is excellent advice, though the reason for the rule because it is vul- gar hardly covers the ground. The danger of choking should be an equally cogent cause of discreetness. * * * * The directions for drinking are elaborate, but rather difficult to follow with exactitude. The book says, " Don't elevate your glass as if you were going to stand it inverted on your nose. Bring the glass perpendicularly to your lips, then lift it to a slight angle. Do this easily. '' This certainly is better than the ordinary practice followed by the Eng- lish aristocracy, of bending down till your nose touches the liquor and then lapping it up without putting your hands near the glass. The English method, however, has its advantages if your hands are grubbier than your face. ? The force of the next suggestion is simply indisputable. " Don't reject bits of bone " and other substances by spitting them back into the plate. " The proper plan of course is to shy them at the head of your host. " Don't lean on the table is obviously incomplete. The supplement, " Don't (while at dinner) sit on the table, unless you want to " should certainly have been added. * * * * This rule is a little puzzling :— " Don't press food on a guest. This once was thought necessary, and it was also considered polite for a guest to continue accepting, or to signify by a particular sign that he had had enough. " What the deuce is or was the " sign " referred to. It would have been only kind to be a little more explicit, and so prevent undue speculation as to the token of satiety. Really, there is no need for signalling. It should surely be sufficient to remark laconically, " I'm full up, " or I'm fit to bust now, " without any " signs " if one has had enough. On the other hand, if wanting more, simple candour would be the best course. Like the girl at the ball, when asked at supper, " Is your programme full ? '' replied, " My word ! No fear ! I've only had two goes of turkey, three jam tarts, and a bath bun." The hint that a lady should come to table, '' in, a fresh and tasteful cos- tume and her hair not in curl-papers, " is quite worthy of acceptance, but here again is found a lack of completeness. The writer should certainly have added, " If she does come down with her hair in curl-papers she must not, even in playfulness, pull out the papers and chuck them in her neighbor's soup-plate — at all events, until he has finished his soup. " * * * * Perhaps the most interesting item in the dinner table " Dont's " is the final note :— " Many of the rules seem to some persons very arbitrary no doubt, but they are the result of mature experience of society, and however trivial they may appear to be, there is always some good reason for them. Dinner without regard to rules would be a savage carousal. " People who want to avoid par- ticipating in anything so dreadful had better buy a copy of Don't immediately. * * * * I notice that a ghost has turned up at Castlemaine, and is disporting itself about the camp reserve. This is evidently not improper professional spectre. Presumably there is a cemetery at Castlemaine, and no properly trained ghost would ever dream of deserting its natural habitat, specially recognised from time immemorial as the abiding place of dis- embodied spirits, for so prosaic a locality as a camp reserve. It is probably an amateur ghost, inspired by spirits that are not disem- bodied and are probably below proof and adulterated. If this hypothesis be correct that ghost had better mind its eye. There is a prejudice against spiritualistic frauds, and their appearance sometimes evokes unfavor- able observations with a pick handle. The only irregular, and so to speak, " non- union, " ghost, who can with safety " walk, " is that which is said to haunt a theatrical treasury on pay night. The members of the company never object to per perambulation. In fact they think and sometimes use bad language on such occasions if " the ghost doesn't walk. " * * * * It is curious to note the proportion , of various kinds of food used by a section of the people. In another column will be found a list of stores laid in by a local farmer. From this I gather that this remarkable person uses rather over 1lb. fish to every 2lb. sugar. He also uses a tin of jam to every 2lb. sugar. About ¾lb. of salt also is consumed with every 1lb. sugar ; and during the consump- tion of 140lb. sugar no less than 48 packets of cocoa are disposed of. He must be a real " whale " for cocoa. LIPPON DAIRN. ===================================== THE RIVER.— The Murray yesterday was 9ft. 4in. over summer level and rising fast. HOSPITAL DONATION.— The hon. treasurer has to acknowledge receipt of 14s. 3d., being the amount collected in the hospital box at court house, Tallangatta. MINING AT JINDERA :— The Stony Park Company finished a crushing of 25 tons quartz this week which yielded nearly 18 oz. The workings in Scholz's paddock, Jindera Gap, are again opened up, and some splendid prospects have been unearthed. THE YAMBLA SCHOOL. — Miss Maude Had- drill, a pupil of the Public School at Yambla, Tabletop, has been successful in passing the recent Junior examination. To Miss Bergin, late teacher of Yambla, is due much credit in having coached her pupil so successfully. PASTORAL AND AGRICULTURAL.— From all parts of the district reports concerning pas- toral and agricultural prospects are satisfac- tory. In some localities more rain is needed to fill tanks and dams. The ground, how- ever has received a good soaking, and grass and crops are making fair headway. The area under wheat will be larger than it ever has been. ACCIDENT AT NARANDERA. — An accident occurred to a man named John Ingle, overseer Grong Grong, whilst riding home from Grong Grong after the election. From what we can learn he was cantering his horse slowly along when it stumbled and fell on the rider, causing serious injury. He was attended to by Dr. Waugh, of Narandera, shortly after the accident occurred. ALLOWANCES TO DEPUTY RETURNING OFFI- CERS AND POLL CLERKS. —The following rates have been decided on by the Department, and returning officers have been instructed to employ in all cases when practicable local officers in order to avoid travelling expenses : Deputy returning officers, £2 2s. ; poll clerks, first class 15s., second class., 10s. Returning officers are warned that if any expense is in- curred other than in accordance with instruc- tions, they will do so at their own risk. THE REWARD OF MERIT. —The Royal Humane Society of Australia has awarded a bronze medal to Arthur Mulcahy, of No. 4 Lincoln- street, Richmond, a laborer, aged 22 years, who rescued Nicholas Treble, of Corowa, New South Wales, aged 34 years, a laborer, from, drowning in the Yarra at Prince's Bridge, on June 9, 1898 ; and a certificate of merit to John Fraser, of Kent-street, Rock hampton, aged 10 years, who rescued Fred.- Hopkins, aged eight years, from drowning in Lion Creek on April 11, 1898. MINING AT YACKANDANDAH. — Alexander Bros. have crushed 9 tons from a recently dis- covered reef at Twist Creek, for 8 oz. 11dwt. Coombes and party have crushed 14 tons for 28 oz. from their reef near, the Pride and Stringer. They also dollied ½ oz. per ton while taking it out. The Pride and Stringer has experienced difficulty in getting teams to cart, its boiler and winding-plant from Yac- kandandah, but the machinery was taken out to the Hon. John. A. Wallace's new barge at Kinchington's Creek, sluicing claim 6 miles from Yackandandah, and has started opera- tions. This is the fifth plant of the kind work ing near Yackandandah. A NARROW ESCAPE. — Our Tocumwal cor- respondent writes :— " Mr. Leech, the driver of the Tocumwal-Deniliquin coach, had a narrow eacape from being crushed by a fall- ing tree during a gale the other day. As he was driving along the road near Morocco station branches were being blown down in all directions, and just after crossing Morocco creek a large tree was blown down alongside the road and parallel thereto. If it had fallen across the road the coach and horses would have been crushed beneath it. The frightened animals bolted for some distance before the driver could control them. For- tunately all escaped without injury. " CHURCH OF ENGLAND. — The Bishop of Goulburn and Mrs. Chalmers were to leave Vancouver, British Columbia, on Thursday, by, the s.s. Warrimoo, due in. Sydney on 24th inst. They are to remain in Sydney for a few days, and are expected to come on to Goulburn about the end of the month. They will arrive by the afternoon train and will be met at the railway station by, the clergy and parishioners. A thanksgiving service will be held in the Cathedral. Arrangements are in course ; of preparation for a large gathering in the Church Hall the same even- ing at which addresses of welcome will be presented. Next morning there will be com- munion in the Cathedral. PRESENTATION TO A BANK MANAGER. A few of the friends of Mr. A. T. Faunce, late manager of the Commercial Bank at Corowa, met at the Royal Hotel, Corowa, to bid him adieu. Mr. C. T. Brown, Bank of Austra- lasia in proposing the health of Mr. Faunce, regretted that the notice was so short as it prevented the attendance of many who would regret losing the opportunity of saying God speed. Mr. Faunce since coming to Corowa has identified himself with sports and pas- times, and in the cricket field he will be greatly missed. ? He proceeded to Sydney on Monday last in accordance with instructions. Mr. Faunce leaves behind him many friends who will be pleased to hear of his advance- ment. A SUGGESTION FOR MR. REID.— A corres- pondent of the Goulburn Herald suggests the following reconstruction of the Ministry by way of coalition if, as he says, " the Cabinet want to carry federation. If they do not, of course they will fill up vacancies from their own side : — Treasurer and Premier, Reid ; Chief Secretary, Brunker ; Attorney-General in Upper House, Barton ; Lands, Carruthers or Lyne ; Works, Lyne or Carruthers ; Postmaster-General, Cook ; Mines, Cope land or Chapman ; Education, O'Sullivan or Chapman ; Justice, Wise or Rose ; Vice President of Executive Council, Dr. Garran. " This appears to pro-suppose the retirement of Mr. Want and the elevation of Mr. Young to the Speakership. DELAY AT THE RAILWAY STATION.— A country resident having been told by a porter that if he desired to travel by the train leav- ing for Melbourne at 2.20 it was necessary to be at the station at 2 o'clock, wrote to ascertain the cause. He received the follow- ing reply :— " Melbourne, 25th July. Sir, — In reply to your letter of the 11th instant, I am directed by my Commissioner to explain that the train you refer to does leave Albury at 2.20 p.m., although it is obliged to vacate the platform at 2 o'clock to make room for an incoming train. Passengers arriving after 2 p.m. get into the train — away from the platform — by means of a step-ladder, and it is regretted that no better arrangement can be made at present. — I have, &c.;, R. G. Kent, Secretary. " THE COBRAM BRIDGE. — Writes Punch : — George Reid, who abuses Edmund Barton for his alleged anti federal actions as member of a protectionist Government years ago, should be reminded of his own conduct in connection with the proposed Cobram bridge. Victoria has a railway running to Cobram — a railway that would be very useful to thou- sands of settlers and squatters and others on the N.S.W. side of the Murray, only for the fact that there is no bridge over the river at Cobram. It was George Reid who suspended the construction of a bridge there, and it is George Reid who has resolutely refused to have the bridge built. Of course, the Fat Man's idea is purely patriotic and federal ; it is not jealousy of Victoria that influences him ; he is not afraid that the Riverina would have another link forged binding the district to Victoria if the bridge were built. Not at all ; he is inspired by natural love and affection for Australia, and an earnest and heartfelt desire to see the provinces drawn closer together, and sharing an ardent mutual trust and affection. MINING MEMS. — A report from Eskdale states that recent crushings at the George and George battery was as follows :— Zinart and party, 5 tons for 52 oz. ; Priestly, 6 tons for 27½ oz. Zinart's claim is near the Mount Elmo, on the same line of reef as Ascott and Sewell's, Shea and party's and many other, good reefs. Priestly's claim is on the Dig- gers' Creek Fall. It has been worked for two years by different parties, and has averaged over 5 oz. to the ton. At the Birth day Battery, Mount Elmo, Millard and Gearing milled 24 tons for 28 oz. This reef is on the same line, and adjoining Bennett and, party, and is 18in. wide. The line is being worked for some three miles. Miners are looking forward for the report of the Go- vernment Geologist, who lately visited the field and inspected several mines at Mount Elmo and surrounding locality. POLITICAL. — The latest advices from Sydney go to show that a coalition is highly probable. This was in the first instance strongly condemned by the press organ of the Ministry. Now, however, the advisability of a " moral agreement '' for a common pur- pose, and to continue in force only until that purpose has been achieved, is admitted. Seeing that no " immoral " agreement was ever suggested, and that nobody ever pro- posed that a coalition should last longer than necessary for the accomplishment of federation, the admission amounts to a complete change of front. No doubt the Ministerial organ will be found to-morrow arguing in favor of a formal coalition as strongly as any other journal. And as a matter of fact a coalition is generally allowed to be the only way out of a very difficult position. Mr. Reid, it is said, is willing to accept the Barton pro- gramme of amendments on the Convention Bill, and also to consider public opinion in the matter of filling the vacancies in his Cabinet. In this, of course, he is only bow- ing to the inevitable and making a virtue of necessity. CASE OF SUICIDE.— On Sunday two young men named Howe and Sedgwick, while cross ing a paddock between Pinewood Farm and the Redlands Hotel, came across the dead body of a man, and were horrified to find that a wound in the throat pointed to the fact that death had resulted therefrom. In formation was given, to the police, when it was elicited that the body was that of a man named Charles Welmore, who had been em- ployed as cook at Monahan's Pinewood Farm, and who had been missing since last Friday week. On that day he procured half a crown wherewith to purchase liquor, and, leaving the farm, went in the direction of the hotel, across the paddocks. He was not again seen at the farm, though it was learned that he had called at the hotel, procured 2s. worth of liquor in a bottle, and left for the farm, going back across the paddock's as he had come. When the body was found there was a gash on the right arm, inflicted, ap- parently, with a razor which was tightly clasped in the right hand. This points (says our Corowa contemporary) to the conclusion that the wretched man had endeavored to bleed himself to death before inflicting the wound which proved fatal. An inquiry will be held. COOTAMUNDRA SESSIONS. — The quarter sessions at Cootamundra concluded on Satur- day before Judge Rogers. Mr. Herbert Harris was the Crown Prosecutor. On Thursday night the jury was locked up on the case in which a young fellow named Walter Strange was charged with assault on a girl under 14, at Wyalong, and on Friday the jury was found to have disagreed. A similar case occupied all day against a youth named James Brown, of Cunningham Creek. The jury returned a verdict of not guilty, and the accused was discharged. Thomas Edward Best, who shears under the name of Francis Campbell, was charged with forging a receipt and obtaining thereby the sum of £35. It appears accused took a Savings Bank deposit book from a mate named Wm. Ells, represented himself as Ells, and drew £35, forging Ells's name to the receipt warrant. Best was found guilty and sen- tenced to two years and nine months' im- prisonment. A man named Ernest Clayton Murray was brought up for sentence he having pleaded guilty to uttering a forged order for 10s. at Murrumburrah. He was sentenced to nine months. Prisoner cried bitterly, and his Honor shortly afterwards brought him back and reduced the sentence to six months. THE LIGHT RESTORED.— We mentioned in our last issue the case of a young man named Charles Davey, at Tumburumba (sic), who had been suddenly stricken with blindness. Davey was removed to the Wagga Hospital, where we are glad to learn that his sight has been restored. On Thursday he was noticed to be susceptible to a finger which obtruded dangerously near his face, and this was looked upon as a most encouraging sign by the doctors and nurses alike. On Friday his eyes were sufficiently restored to enable him to read fairly large print at a distance, and to walk about the garden without a leader. It will be remembered that on Tuesday, Dr. T. Watkins Burgess and Dr. Thane made a searching examination of Davey's eyes by means of the opthalmoscope and discovered nothing but normal conditions. A day or two lately the patient gratefully informed Dr. Burgess, that " the operation had done him a lot of good. " In blindness as in most other physical troubles, faith is a great helper. The doctor, can only attribute the temporary loss of sight to Davey's having been affected by working in the snow. At the same time, he inclines to the opinion, judging from the patient's demeanour oc- casionally, that there is mental trouble of some sort. Davey will remain in the hos- pital until his sight is fully restored. MINING AT CHILTERN. Arrangements are being made for the erection of extensive plants on the Chiltern Valley Consols and the Wal- lace Chiltern Consols. Two small companies, (alluvial) were recently floated locally to work the old Scotchman's lead — a tributary to the main Chiltern Valley lead. The cyan- ide plant erected by Messrs. Spence and Sons on the Howlong-road is in full work, and they are putting through 50 tons of tailings every 36 hours and getting good results. The pros- pects of the Golden Box (quartz) claim, which has been in the hands of a local syndicate for the past 12 months, are looking brighter, and stone, giving an average of 2½ oz., is being raised. It is not known to what depth the new make goes as it is making underfoot. Interest is being shown in a new gold saving machine patented by Messrs. D. Parker, E. Eckhoff and Thos. Wain, jun. The principle is an oscillating motion similar to that given to a prospector's dish when washing prospects. The whole machine weighs about 2 or 3cwt., and can easily be worked by two men. Its adaptability to alluvial tailings is most notice- able. Experiments made with tailings that have passed through a cyanide vat gave a return of gold showing that its percentage of gold saving is a high one. There are a few of these machines at work on the old bed of the River Murray at Bungowannah, between Howlong and Albury, and are giving satisfac- tion. The machines cost £25 to £30. WODONGA PROSPECTING ASSOCIATION.— There was a good attendance of members of the Wodonga Prospecting Association on Thursday evening, the 28th, ult., when a notice of motion which had been given by Mr. J. H. Taylor, for the winding up of the associ- ation was considered. Mr. G. Leighton oc- cupied the chair. The notice of motion, which was seconded by Mr. J. G. Wigg, led to a short discussion, but, was ultimately negatived, the bulk of the shareholders being anxious that something should be done in the way, of giving such a promising field a trial. In the course of the discussion, the sec- retary (Mr. J. Mason, jun.) remarked that the results of the boring must be very gratifying to Mr. James Stirling, the Government geologist, who, on his visit to the locality, expressed the confident belief that an auriferous lead would be found on the Wodonga Flat. Mr. Stirling's, opinion had been fully confirmed. Mr. Mason, as trea- surer, reported that 184 shares had been dis- posed of, representing £92, all of which ex- cepting £7 0s. 4d. had been disbursed. It was finally decided that application be made to the hon. the Minister of Mines for assist- ance from the vote under the Mines Develop- ment Act ; the Minister to be informed of the results of the boring operations. Upon receipt of a reply from the Minister, another meeting will be called. THE VICTORIAN LAND BILL. — The new Land Bill provides for extended terms of payment to selectors, and applies the per- petual leasing system which, now obtains in the mallee to other parts of Victoria. Future selectors will be charged a rental of 6d. per acre, instead of 1s., and this will go in pay- ment of the freehold. The charge for land taken up under perpetual lease will be about 2d. or 3d. per acre a year for the first ten years, and after that the rental will be equal to two per cent. or so of the capital value of the land after deducting all improvements. These hold- ings will be assessed every ten years, and the rental adjusted accordingly. Where land is of poor quality selectors will be permitted to take up a larger holding than 320 acres and the capital value of the land will be fixed at 10s. or 15s. an acre, according to the character of the soil and timber, and the nearness of the land to a railway. Leases under the 32nd section are to be liberally dealt with. They will, according to the conditions of their lease, have to select 320 acres out of their grazing areas before December, 1899 — the time having been extended for 12 months — but if the balance of the land held by them is not immediately required for settlement purposes they will obtain a renewal of their leases. It is understood that residence will not be insisted on, but in all cases where the selector does not live on the land, or within five miles of it, he will be required to expend a certain amount on improvements on his holding within a given time, thus securing employment for the laborers in the district. In the case of reclaimed lands the period in which persons selecting them have to pay the purchase money will be extended, and the rate of interest reduced. FESTIVITIES AT BOWNA. — Our correspon- dent writes : — " The best entertainment ever held at Bowna was probably the particularly attractive event of Friday evening, 20th ult. The bachelors of Bowna made all arrange- ments for this ball and carried it through in a manner most creditable and commendable, their numerous guests being treated with every consideration, kindness and, fore- thought. Amongst other visitors I noticed several ladies and gentlemen from Albury, Benambra, Mullengandra, Wagra, and Thur- goona, in all amounting to about 50 couples, to dance to the strains of excellent music supplied by the musicians, Mr. T. Hicks and Miss Moira Daley (violin and piano). Mr. E. P. Eck, of Albury, had charge of the cater- ing, and the sandwiches, cakes, fruit, &c.;, were quite up to the highest standard, and all agree that Mr. Eck was undoubtedly the right man in the right place. Mr. T. Good- fellow proved a most efficient and obliging M.C., and worthy of the name, he bears. The committee had the hall (School of Arts) in apple-pie order, and the floor was rendered as smooth as glass. The weather being so uncertain of late, the promoters of the bachelors' ball were very fortunate in having such a splendid night to celebrate the affair, for had it remained as wet as it was in the forenoon, it would have been almost impos- sible for ladies at least to put in an appear- ance. The ladies' dresses were various and pretty — more than this, they were delightful, marvellous, dazzling, and if I only knew what they were made of. I'm blessed if I would not describe them individually in the manner they deserve. I endeavored to dis- tinguish the belle, but was again unsuccessful ; though I could have pointed out a lot of belles when I got about 15 of the prettiest girls in the room (metaphorically speaking) in a corner. No man could conscientiously say that any given one of them was worthier than another to have that honor conferred upon her. " WALLACE v. WALLACE. — The action which is being brought by Peter Brown Wallace against his father, J. A. Wallace, M.L.C., for accounts and inquiries into the latter's deal- ings with the trust estate of the late Thomas Monahan, in the capacity of trustee, was again mentioned in the Supreme Court ; Mel- bourne, on Monday. Mr. Hayes instructed by Mr. F. G. Smith, jun. applied on behalf of the defendant trustee, for an order for a commission to issue to examine certain persons in Corowa and elsewhere in New South Wales, who, it was said, would be ma- terial witnesses for the defence. Mr. Wei- gall, instructed by Mr. T. C. Alston, appear- ed for the plaintiff to oppose the application on the ground that it was made for the purpose of delaying the trial of the action, which is set down for hearing on 11th inst. A number of beneficiaries under the will of the deceased ; who are joined as defendants, were also represented. Mr. Hayes said his client had filed an affidavit, in which he said he had a good defence to the action on its merits, and that the action was made bona fide. After hearing arguments Mr. Justice Hodges said that the application was for a commission to issue for the purposes of getting witnesses to prove as to the title of an estate called Quat Quatta, whether it be longed to the defendant, J. A. Wallace, or the trust estate. In his opinion, however, it was unnecessary to determine finally at the trial the ownership of that estate. Plain- tiff alleged, amongst other things, that the defendant trustee had in breach of trust ex- pended over £40,000 upon Quat Quatta out of trust moneys. In any event, the inquiry at the trial would be as to whether the trust moneys had been expended in an un- authorised manner, and there could be there- after a reference to chambers to determine in whom the ownership of this property rested. The defendant trustee was unable to under- take that if the commission were granted the trial would not be delayed, and therefore the court had no alternative but to dismiss the summons with costs. DISINFECTING BOOKS. From time to time, when measles or scarlet fever, has been epi- demic, not unnatural fears have been aroused as to the probability of the disease being spread means of books from the library of the by Mechanics' Institute. It has been found practically impossible, to prevent the issue of books to families, members of which have been attacked, and the danger referred to is, therefore, frequently a very real danger. On the subject a telegram from Numurkah says :— " Some time ago the question of dis- infecting the books in the local mechanics' institute was discussed, and the secretary was instructed to write to the Public Library, Melbourne, and the Library Association in Sydney for information. Replies from both those sources showed that only one method was known — that of exposing the books to intense heat, which, to all intents and pur- poses, simply meant destroying them. Mr. Crawford, who is the hon. secretary of the institute, and a chemist, has hit on a plan which has been adopted here, and which he considers, whilst being simple, and inexpen- sive, is in the highest degree efficacious. The books are opened and placed in an airtight cupboard, and a patented lamp of a special construction is used to volatilise, a new che- mical called ' paraform. ' This disinfectant is as powerful as any bactericide previously in use, but is non-poisonous, and does not in- jure textile fabrics, fur, leather, or dyed ma- terials, and the gas being of the same den- sity as the atmosphere, thoroughly perme— ates every corner accessible to air. Eminent English, bacteriologists have demonstrated its power to destroy such virulent disease germs, as those of tuberbulosis, diphtheria, cholera, measles, &c;, and its entire harmless- ness to human beings. The idea of using this bactericide for the purpose named is en- tirely original with Mr. Crawford. It should prove a valuable agent for disinfection of sus- pected mails, &c.; " It appears, however, that the suggestion is not of much value in regard to the books in a circulating library. It would hardly be practicable to adopt the baking process in the case of all books as they come in from the subscribers. 