' A HltiiilY iflGJOT. : \ ? -k . Perhaps history cannot a.Sord a more remarkablej instance of desperate: courage Vasri that which' .was - shown by the officers and crew oi an English. jpri- - ,- vateer, called the Terrible, u&aer;'the commanflTof Captain Beath, of twenty-six guns and 200 main, ? V)n Docemi-er 23 1757, ue'eiigaged and made prize of a large French ship from St. Malo, after an job- ' , stinate battle, in which he bad his brother arid sixteen seamen -killed; he then secured, his priie v mth fony men, and directed his course for Eng- ' land; but in a few days he had the misfortune to fall in with the Vengeance, of thirty-six guns, a ': privaLsei- of St. Domingo. Their first step was- to attaci: the -prize, which was' easily retaken* the two ships then bore down upon the Terrible, whose mainmast was shot away by the first broad side. Notwithstanding this disaster the Terible maintained a fierce engagement against both and. was only beaten when her captain and- nearly all her men were killed. The victorious ship was -co shattered that it was scarcely able'to tow the Ter rible into St, Malo, where she was behelS w»£a the ' utmost astonishment and terror. This adventure was no sooner known in England than a liberal subscription was raised for fhe support of Death's widow and that part of the crew which ? survived the engagement. There was a most peculiar coin.'-, bination of names belonging to .this privateer. The Terrible was equipped at Execution Dock, commanded by Captain Death — his lieutenant's name was Devil, and the surgeon's : name was Ghost. . , A parish clerk was taxed with having mieapppo-r priated some of the offertory . money. ' You kroiw, John,' said the parson, 'that only you arid I have access to it.' 'Then, sir,' replied John, 'you pay the one half and I'll pay the tititer, and we'll Gay no more aboot it!' . ? ? . .'?-'' ; At a wedding recently the officiating clergyman^ having concluded the marriage . service, gave .the ? ?young couple a suitable address.; He had: sot* however,: proceeded far in his discourse when:the bridegroom, .going up to the verger, ? whispered ;Jjr his ear, . 'Tell your guv'nor to cijt it- short;- Fve got the cab by the. hour!' ?? ? ' . '??'..'? '- .; ' -: ;;;;:i«..'_ZOLA-':, , ' ' *J'^l ^$gSSt fflSWTEJNOBD FOR 'ATTAGBS ON THE MILITARY AUTHORTEDBg, -, ^ 