MYSTERIOUS MR. "' ByE^PHILLIPS OPPENHEIM, Author- or*''Till the Day o£ Judgment," " The Mystery-of Mr. Bernard Brown," "A Monk of Cruti," &c.; [Published by^-special-arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter; She yielded her other hand to hie impatient fingers, and looked down at him wistfully. Yet there was something in her gaze which he couldnotfathom. Of one thinghe was very sure; there was a little tenderness shining out of her dark brilliant eyes, a little regret, a little in decision. On the whole he was hopeful. "Dear," she said softly, "perhaps I do care for you a little. Perhaps—well sometime in the future what you are thinking of _ might be possible; I cannot say. Something apart from you has happened which has changed my life. You must let me go for a little while. But I will promise you this, the entanglement of which you spoke shall bo broken off. I will have no more to do with that man." He sat upright. "Helene," he said, "you are making me very happy. But there is one thing which I must ask you and which you must forgive me for asking. This entanglemeut of which you speak lias nothing to do with Mr. Sabin?" "Nothing whatever," she answered promptly. "How I should like to tell you everything 1. But I have made a solemn pro mise and I must keep it. My lips are sealed. But one thing I should like you to under stand, in case you have ever had any doubt about it. Mr. Sabin is really my_ uncle, my mother's brother. He is engaged in a great enterprise, in which I am a necessary figure. He has suddenly become very much afraid of you." "Afraid of me !" Wolfenden repeated. She nodded. "I ought t6 tell you, perhaps, that my marriage with someone else is necessary to ansure the full success of his plans. So you gee he has set himself to keep us apart." " The more you tell me the more bewildered . I get," Wolfenden declared. " What made him attack tne just now without any warning; . surely he did not wish to kill me?" Her hand within his seemed to grow colder. "You were imprudent," she said. "Imprudent. In what way?" "You told him that you had sent for Mr. D to come and go through your father's papers. "What of it?" 'I cannot tell you any more 1" Wolfenden rose to his feet; he was still giddy, but he was able to stand. "All that he told me here was a tissue of lies, then. Helene, I will not leave you witli such a man. You cannot continue to live with him." "Ido not intend to," she answered. "I want to get away. What has happened to day is more than I can pardon, even from him. Yet you must not judge him too harshly. In his way he is a great man and he is planning great things ■ which are not wholly for his advantage. But he is unscrupulous. So long as the end is great he believes himself justified in stooping to any means." Wolfenden shuddered. "You must not live another day with him," he exclaimed; "you will come to Deringham Hall. My mother will he only too glad to some and fetch you. It is not very cheerful there just now, but anything is better than leaving you with this man." She looked at him curiously. Her eyes were soft with something which suggested pity, but resembled tears. "No," she said, "that would not do at all. You must not think, because I have been living with Mr. Sabin that I have no other relations or friends. I have a very great many of both, only it was _ arranged that I should leave them for a while. 1 can go back at any time. I am altogether my own mistress." "Then go back at once,1* he begged her feverishly. " I could not bear to thiuk of you living here with this man another hour. Have your things put together now and tell your maid. Let "me take you to the station. I want to see you leave this infernal house and this atmosphere of cheating and lies when I do 1" Her lips parted into the ghost of a smile. " I have not found so miucu to regret in my stay here," she said softly. ?;He held out his arms, but she eluded him gently. "I hope," he said, "nay, I know that you will never regret it. Never! Tell me what you are going to do now ?' ^ _ f cJioll lao t?a ViArA fcrnQ ' I shall leave here this afternoon," she said, "and go straight to some friends in London. Then I shall make new plans or rather set myself to the remaking of old ones. When I am ready I will write to you. But remember, again, I make no promise." He held out his hands. " But you will write to me 2" She hesitated. "No; I shall not write to you. I am not going to give you my address even ; you must be patient for a little while." ■ "You will not go away? You will.not at least leave England without seeing me ?" "Not unless I am compelled," she promised, "and then if I go I will come hack again or let you know where I am. You need not fear; I am not going to slip away and be lost. You shall see me again. Wolfenden was dissatisfied. "I hate letting you go," he said. "I bate all this mystery. When one comes to thiak of it I do not even know your name. It is ridiculous. Why cannot I take you to London, and we can be married to-morrow. Then I should have the right to protect you against this blackguard." She laughed softly. Her lips were parted in dainty curves and her eyes were lit with merriment. "How delightful you are," she exclaimed. "And to think that the women of my country call you Englishmen slow weoers !" "Won't you prove the contrary ?' he begged. She shook her head. " It is already proved. But if you are sure pou-feel well enough to walk please go now. I want to catch the afternoon train to London." ■ He-held out his hands and tried once more to draw her to him, but she stepped backwards laughing. "You must please be patient," she said, " and.remember thatto-day I am betrothed to somebody else. Good-bye!" 