A BIRD'S EYE VIEW. v By "ICAEDS." Last Friil ay uigbt was Gordon niglit. How many o! liio thousands ot Austral ians, who am always ready to quote "How We Beatthe Favorite" as an exam- ple of the sort of poet that Australia cian produce gave a thought to the date, we wonder ? Probably not manyad those who do keep the day in remembrance are- not the class who walk about the face of the earth and lay claim' to literary tendency on the ' ground of the verses that they haven't writ ten, and the novels they're troiDg to write some day, No, there was just the annual foregathering in the rooms of Mr. W. B. Furlong, who has set some of Gordon's best kuown sporting ballads to music, and sings them bimself. Mr. J. F. Deegan, an enthusiastic Gordon student, re cited " Britomarte," and there was a pleasant little musical programme, followed by a little speechifying, iu which Dr. L. L. Smith responded for Literature, and Mr. E. L. Zox for the Christian Endeavor Society. . By the bye, I see that the Adelaide people, headed byChief Justice Way, have raised & subscription for a monument to be erected over Marcus Clark's grave in Melbourne. The fact is not vciy creditable to our Victorian self-esteem. The words still echo in our ears, Daily and weekly, too, we quote them ; But, oh ! how quickly disappears The memory of the man who wrote them. | Poor old " Tith." has said farewell, " for the last time, Clem, my boy." He got through a bard task decently, and ! said all the usual pretty things about never forgetting Australia, and making it aurevoiraiicl not good-bye, and soou : but, all the same, the note of unconscious bitterness would creep out now aud then. " It seems to nxe," he said, " that there is no special demand here for the particular commodity which 1 have to offer, and so I am taking my waves to the world's market." After all, it is hard for a man whose pre eminence as an actor is acknowledged by every theatre-goer iu Australia to have to leave ihe country after fifteen years, simplv because his novelty- is worn off as a star,- and be is altogether too goad for a stock position in auy average company. The fact is that condition? are alto gether changed. A public ha arisen which knows not how to appreciate the artist. Nothing remains but to await the inevitable counterswing of the pendulum. Anyhow, I was glad to see a good house at the benefit. That is at least one virtue of the Australian. He may «tarve a man when lie i= alive, but he does have th« common deceucy to rally up at the funeral. King the curtain down, alas ! What's the use of sighing ? Lei the ancient actor pass — Taste and an are dying. King the curtain up once more 1 Hey, for mirth and jollity. Art $!ink> sadly out at door ; Enter wild frivolity. Let the fatted calf flash out All its to.idariiy ; Whirl ihe petticoats about — Sxvim in wild vulgarity. Only when Eome future age SeeTcsTorlnlornaaTlon, - v _ Asks about the Australian stage — Change the conversation. Let u all rejoice with shawms, sack- butts, and psalteries. The " Church Army "has arrived, and if w< are to believe (bo triumphant whoop of 4 Cap- i tain" N S. Robinson, it ha come to' stay. We must confess that, fudging front the advance notices, the sbow does not appear to offer any particularly novel sensations. Its maintenance in England, we are told, requires a re venue of £100,00iJ a year, which is what one would call n cool suiu. Then wc read that it " brought into existence a band of specially licensed lay preachers who donned uniforms and acted in conjunction with a number of " uurses." This also i quite in the legitimate way of business. But the real claim to originality of the venture is to be found in the following sentence, which, we venture to think takes the bun : — w Over 400 workmen bad given up positions worth from £l JOs. to £7 per week to become mem bers at a wage of 19s. a week for single men aud £J 10s. a week for married.1' Would it be too much to ask how mach th secretary gets, or what the wives and families of the converts think about the matter ? Somehow or other, we don't fancy that the Australian working- man will altogether rush xlip billets. Still, some good might he done by engaging the unemployed as helpers and sending them round the pubs, to convert the licensed victuallers. Come all (he jolly worlriDgroen who live at home at ease. And charch your little quids in the collec tion if you please ; No longer stick to Satan, who will leave you in the lurch , But find a sieady billet in the army of the church. Oh, won't you join the army, the army, the army? Oh. won't you join the army, the army of the church ? You will find your special function when you're working iD conjunction With the pretty little "nurses" in the army of the church. I Oh. throw away the treacherous beer you 1 purchase with your tin, And give the weekly wages up that tempt you into sin. And seek a safer billet out— you haven't far to search — For it's one pound ten for married men in the army of the church. Ob, won't you join the army, the army, the army? Do come and join the army, the army of the , church. You will never feel compunction when you're working in conjunction With the natty little " nurses " in the army of the church. The cheek of it ! We ventured to suggest in this column =otue little time since that it would not be lung before some of our own swagmen would drop to the cash Advantage? <»f the very profitable seme pursued by M. Henri Gijlrt, (lie French pedestrian. And | judging by his record trip of 07 miles 1 in four days, we were right in imagining that most of the professional biuey bumpers cuuU lick his performance into h'if. But wecHrtflinlyJid not foresee that one enterprising swaggv would go the length of coolly adopting M. Gilbert's ymuy/mMU |maticoj Ortinauli'a 5Utit.o u the raost actiw and at tbe same time the most inof fensive remedy In the treatment of Acute acd Chronic Discharges. MATiCO INJECTION is used in recent MATICQ CAPSULES oMRQMicagEE. j Dame and travel Juxuribueiy and down ihe country hob-nobbing with mayors and bring on the fat of the land at tbe' expense of the gullible citizens. Bui vrhat Vp; want to under stand .is why the man should :liave been arrested Tor simply doing what the other fellow does. ..Is lie to be classed as a vagrant bccausB he -has do lawful visible means of support? "Then is not M. Gilbert, by the very terms of bis wager, in the same .category ? ' 3)oes he represent that he is willing round tbe earth for a wager of £10,000? So' does M. Gilbert. What, we ask, is to become of tbe protectionist policy of tbe country if a profitable and legiti mate industry like this is to be cloBed to tbe .Australian working man, and exalted into a close monopoly for tbe sweated laborer of' Eurppe?.. Some how or other we are inclined, to think that it's very poor business to pay a man £10,000 for living on charity for a certain number of years.. We know plenty of genial working men who will be glad to do it for nothing, and ex tend the time limit to tbe term of their natural lives. Gilbert's indomitable pluck we pfcai&e.; About his " spirit " everyone is talking; And, sure, there's every reason in tbe phrase— Because it really U V the ghost" that's walking. 