HIS ONLY CASE. We wero in Marklmm's «' snug," n littlo room to which ho was accustomed to retire "to cool,"* as he expressed it, in finch odd minutes as a i hoavy home- practice in medicine left him. Netherby, a surgeon from lower down the street, had dropped in at ten o'clock to smoke a friondly pij>o with Mnrkham nnd m» and to chat over professional topic*, as was our custom. Markbam was groat on reminiscences and struck out upon them ns soon as Netherby, drawing his | coat tails sententiously about him, had settled I flown into the doctor^ wickcr chair. Wo smoked on in dofcruntisl silance until Rlarkham j had finished. " Well I" said Netherby, with a long pull nt : his pipe, " I'm not much at' experiences,' but I had one job unt there near Ban Francisco that has always been on my mind." " What was it P" asked Markham in his abrupt way, turning a pair of piercing litllo grey eyes on Netherby. " It occurred nearly twenty years ago, before I fettled down,'' said Netherby, removing his pipe and throwing his head back into a , reflective attitude. " 1 had had a few turns [ nt sea ns surgeon 011 a North Amerioan steamer, but through a bother I had with the chief officer I dropped it nt the end of a voyage out. I left her at Frisco and went tin a ramble inland. I had no (Infinite plan, but t thought it would bo worth while taking a turn round the mining dint riot. I had gone through surgery, and thought, being an Englishman, there might be 1 a chance abont some of (he mining settlements. Lots of. work for a paw-bones about thera," said Netherby, with a nigmOcunt nod. " Did you get any P " Bskcd Markham, sharply again. " One case-junfc one. And I didn't like it. It wasn't in my branch at all," Netherby replied, Irowning at tho recollection. " I dropped on a little mining place in the hills," he continued. "It was about a hundred miles east of San Francisco, I somehow fancied the place, so I stayed there prospecting about two months, fo three weeks I knew everyone in it worth knowing. They were as deferential as you please, learning that I was an English surgeon, so I got on well with them. "I stopped at tho principal storo in tho town, tho keeper of which was a sharp and shrewd Yankee, but about as good-natured as they make 'era. "One night after .1 had gone to ted I beard a loud knocking at the outer door. Then there were voices. 1 could lienr thy storekeeper tipenkingsharply to someone about coming at that late hour. In a minute 1 heard him approach ing my room. He called out to learn whether X was awake, and on my answering him, told me that one of the 'bosses ' of a mine outside of tho town had come to see if 1 would go to a rami who wag dying, There had been a fall of stone in the workings, and tbo mnn was badly injured. A doctor of somo kind was with bim, but the man had begged that they would bring an Englishman to him as ho had something important to say. The ' boss ' thought ho wanted to make a confession, and "for some reason would only inako it to an '.Englishman. Yon- see, 1 was not wanted pro fessionally, so at first 1 declined 'to go. The storekeeper argued the matter with me, saying 'it would look bad if it got known that I had refused to go and hear a dying man's confes sion. 80 I got up and dressed and joined tho .' boss,' and told him to leail tho way. , " lie led me along the solitury main street of the place, nnd then struck out tor the bills. I had not the ghost of an idea where we were going, and as the night was dark .it, was impossible to note the way. I tried to get my companion to talk, xbut after one or two vague replies to my remarks I left him alone. Ho was either stupidly sullen or so concerned about the man that he was unablo to convcrso lucidly. , " We must have walked for nearly half-an hour when my guide gripped my right wrist and turned me sharply round, with a curt, '"Kem this way I'" Still holding my wrist he walked a few paces and then stopped. I could seo that wo were by a low building. Going on again my guide led me slowly round the place until we reached a door on tho further side. It was partly open, snd I could disoern a dim light within. ' Iiynr wo air,' exclaimed my companion pushing tho heavy door open. ' Hyar's tho Bnglecsh snrgeon, mebbo 'e'll du fer yer.' "Jt was a mining hut of the roughest descrip tion. A small lamp was burning on a kind of mantle-shelf, Biid giving just sufficient light to mako the place misorably dim and weird. A man in the garb of a miner was sitting on a rough stool by a low couch, a bed upon which I could discern a human form. . Heaw es it now, Jose ?' asked my com panion. . Bad 1' answered tho watcher, bending forward to look at the faco of the injured man. . My guide knelt down by tbo couch. ' Nod ! Hyar's tho Engleesh doctor. 'E'es come t' hynr what yer'n t' say. Can yer talk t' 'm ?' "I had grown accustomed to the gloom, .and could discern a face of deathly paleness at the raised end of the couoh. As I watched it the eyes opened. ' Leave 'iui with me-leave us alone,' said a faint voice. ' Kem on, Jose. Let's gew out. Leave the doctor with 'im a bit. Kem 011!' said my com panion, talcing hold of the watcher's arm. "The man slowly rose and left the cabin with my guide. I heard the pondeious door grato as tboy closed it behind them, and knew that 1 was alone with the dying man, " Can I do anything for you ?" I asked, bonding over to obtain a better view of bim, ' Draw that stool up and sit down by me,' he replied in a low voice. " Let me examine you first," I said, feeling bis right shoulder. " * No, no, not that,' he said testily. ' You can't do me any good that way. 1 want yon to listen.' * I will,' I replied. ' Go on..' "Are you an Englishman ?" he asked, turn ing his glassy eyes on my face, " Yes,' I replied again. ' Then listen. This is a dying man's confes sion. My name's Frank Mathoson. 1 was a diver. I was doing very well. Me and my mate, Tom Thornley, 'ad been at it for years. We were like brothers. .Sometimes be went down and some times mo.- We were all right until the girl came. Kate .Jaeobson hor name wss. She was my girl, I,loved her with all my life. I was happy, so happy uutil Tom played me false He made pretence of friendship to Kate, for old acquaintance sake, he said, but I saw how it was going, He was making love to her. He took her from me-my Kate that I would have died a hundred times for-took her from me. And she left me for him. I was like one dead. Everything changed. All tho hope went out of me. I was miserable, and wished I was dead. And he, my old mate, Tom Thornley, had done it-played me false. How I hated bim I Wo were mating still, diving together just as before. And they were to be married-Tom and my Katie to be married. I was mad-mad for he had played me false. He had stolen try love. She wns my Katie. I won her-honourably ; be deceived roe- tricked mo. Oh, how I hated him 1 I wanted to kill him, for hadn't lie.killed my hope-my life. It was all gone. Ah! I remember.' ' The mnn closod his eyes and stopped," said I Nrtherby, " I saw that he had not finished his narrative, so I said gently, ' Have you nothing mora to tell me?' In a minute the eyes opened again. They were quite wild aad glaring." ' Yes,' ho gasped. . They wore to be married -my Kntio and him-married. Hut I spoiled it. We wcrn diving at the old Merlin on a uight-tido. It was Tom's turn to go down. I had to screw him up and pump tor him. Ho wenl donn. I thought of them, married, him and my Katie. I was rand, and I ilid it. I kopt on turniug the wheel, madly, slantingly. I know Tom was getting no air. We got hint up, dead. I killed him. Killed him, lor ho stole my Katie. 4 Then, I couldn't hear to look on her face. I thought sh^conld read murder on my hrow. Tho form of Tom haunted me. I couldn't bear to bo at tfao old place or to touch tho pump or the gear again. I daren't have geno down in that dress again For the world. I would have met him down there just as he diod. I ran from tho conntry. Now it's all over: I can die. Yon've beard everything. Leave me-leave me in peace.' " His eyes closed and his head fell over help lessly to his left side. Ho bad spent himself upon his narrative. I stepped Boftly to the door and partly opeued it. Tho uoiae brought back my guide und Jose. I lenrued from them that tho man mu badly crushed about the lower part of his body and that the mine doctor had told them he would not live through tho night, but that he would como bark nnd see him. Finding how nearly he was gone, I did not attempt to tonch him, especially us I had not been asked to render any professionnl service. " M.V guide condiictrd me hack to tho town over tho same unknown way we had travelled to the cabin. Promising to let mo know how the man went on, he left me by the store at which I was lodging. Bofore I rose iu tho morning tho store-keepor came to my room with the infor mation that the man I had visited was dead. "You are the only living creatures who ever heard his story from mjr lips," said Netberby knocking the ash ont of his pipe and rising to go home. 