MmmmMi ?^ I -«WMv!«o8»red, .fnm^fgbt.' :- ? : ; W»S in -my life.- ,; ; - ? V v. S&~=;r ??' . ^^My father d«a;%eft^Irajecaino r . .W«ge, iMvibg ?*?*$: At iSpffident for- . tone to li»e pn^omfotjably. I iud ? - bo»n brought vup to no oeebpaUon, . -end the ^sops^qaeiice -wAS/that ty . -me hidb l-orriveo at my twenty; fiwt,blitliday I was heavily ..in \- However, I paid imy HaViliiW ' honourably, ii)d then, like a good _ many others, tried to mned my for lunps on me iu t. However, I had no esperienco ? - and no luck, so after struggling on for b few years I found jny fortune reduced' from ihbusrnds to. huh- j dredi,,and not loo many of them. \- ::My credit, however, in the ring was good, and eo one -way and an* other I .managed to bold on for an ' other year. Then the end came. I '..' First one and ibe'n another of the I bookmakers refused fp bet with me any longer on 'ihe no-),' till at length even Tom Clinkwtoi drew the line. ' 'Look here, Mr. Dunstan,' h» said one day at Sandown Park, shortly \- Wfore Christmas ? 'I have teen hard hitf myself, and not a penny do I book to you and some others, till \- you settle up. Seventy -five pounds h»ve I got down against yonr name, and I ask you, «s a gentle man, to pay up.' Whin I got home that evening I found a letter from the bank, say ing that my account stood at zero, and requesting a remittance. A remittance ! ' There eras not a Jew in London who would lend me rixpence, and hard up or not, I wan not going to borrow from n-y friendc I lighted a pipe, and looked matters for the first time straight in the face; the upshot of which was, that I wrote to my married sister, who had rsceived her dot oil liar wedding day, telling her my posi tion, and begging her to send me enough to. take me out to the C»pe and keep me for a few weeks till I found work of some kind. ' - : The next thing I did was to call I for the bill ot my lodgings, saying [ that I had to leave town unexpect !;. edly, and must give up the rooms. | When I had paid this'l found I myself with just two pounds tbir f teen and sixpence left. ; Unfortunately, my sister and her husiband were in Jamaica, and it t would be some time before 1 could ' expect an answer to my letter. The next morning I sallied out to find a cheap room somewhere. I fancied the suburbs, and the first I tried was Hammersmith ; but I was too fastidious, end turned up my nnae at anything that suited my pecket Then I tried Barnes and Putney, with ill-success.' After a glase of ale and a cut of a pork pie, I started off again, determined to try Fiilham on my way back. It was in a lane just a little way out of this place, that whilst striking a light for my pipe on the gate-poBt of b detached cottage . standing in a desolate-looking gar I den, my eye fell on a card nailed to I the gate : » 'Wanted a caretaker.— Apply to ft Number 5, Orchard Grove.' ? No sooner had I read it than I ? made op my mind to apply. It B, would be ten times more comfort s' able than living in -' aingle, little, B study room. B I had no difficulty in finding Or B( ch -rd Grove, and was shown into a Bf small parlour where a very fat man Hf sat at tea. MT- 'Well, young man,' he ('runted, B when I had stated the object of my ? visit. 'You can have the job if you B fancy it, only understand 1 give no ? wageB. There is nothing worth ? stealing in the place, bar an old ? maitres!) and a chair or two. If it ? was not for the trampj Bleeping in ? the garden and the boys throwing I stot.es at the windows, the cottage I could uery well take care of itself.' R I said I wopld take the'situation ? at all events for a time without re ? muneratioo. ? 'Alright,' be said. 'Here's the B key. Mind, I eliall look in some B times, and don't let me find you B cutting the wood for firing.' B On my way back I stopped to B hnv k sack uf coals, candles. b*c -n. bread, and a few other necewai ies, and borrowed a barrow to wheel them home in. It wan still only dusk, so I took the next train' blck to town, packed up my things, leaving all but a email portmanteau to be taken care of till I railed lor them, and, before eiuhl, was back again at Red Thorn Cottage- with my single piece of luggage. I made a capital supper that night, and, with tho aid of a couple of rugs, managed to sleep well, though the mattress wab full of lumpi. In a week I was as much at home as if I had been sleeping on the floor and cooking my own meals for years ; but, economies as I would,' I found the money went all too quickly. It's an awful thing to have a good appetite when one is poor. Time slipped by quickly, and at last, on the day before Christmas, the letter from' toy sister arrived with in order for sixty pounds. There waa just time to cash it betore the bank closed, end I took it in the form of a fifty-pound note and ten sovereigns, determining '. that the big note ebonld not be changed till I paid for my passage out. I treated myself to steak for supper that night, I remember, and wbb only stopped from buying a goose for my Christmas dinner by the reflection that a frying-pan was hardly suitable to cook it in, bo con en ted myself -with pork-chops juitead, $ urphaiing r bottle of \- .. -v' ?.'S V 't.-VZ.? .:*'-*. '-%?.' ..?.' ''? : ' S^.~\ -£*£?'? 3f ever a tnlnaBtoywl hTs^fia? puM-dionef, I aia'^fta-y^r'-^^-'^t ;? I tantaliftd ^yseiris'lonfti^ rVolnckorfore-IlaTfi^li^j had lit my pip*; I-had;^»enlh)ar^ ing of the mhhky ^bjtafe^it^o* :j brewed jnyaelf a, joro^^Vith lemon in it,. and drawing my ^haii,] and a ricketty tittle -| hod found id 1 in Bttie, op to tbe! ifife] htfai'toA leeitia down to « jcojnibrtable even- a ing. Aflera While I flrejir ««l-Sgj ! note and the ten sovereigns, froini rny pocket, \antl placing thenvlnj front uf lie, sai ieisting my eyeB on I them. I began counting 'up what 1 1 should, do with the; gold; .what I] should hnv to take ont with W Then I bailt it up into little piles ; then, I spread it out again, for it looked more that war, and then I suppose I drzed, for my: eyes were closed when the tanging of the f«int door woke me up -with a start. The itext minute the door of the room in which I was seated was thrown open, and Tom Clinkwood the 'bookmaker, walked in. 'Evening, Mr. Duoston,' he wid, 'aking ofi bis hat and shaking off a few anonflakes that clung to it. 'Seasonable weather, isn't it? Sur prised to set me, eh V I wassuipriseH. How on earth had he found cat where I wa^ living? What the deuce! — but then ± *v« luu uaooergasteu to ininK. 'You look cosy/ he continued, ' but not In your usual style; eh ? Glad to see you have the rhino, though. I want some badly.* 'I am awfully sorry,' I faltered out, putting my hand nut to cover the big note. ' Oh, sorrow ba blowed. You owe me seventy-five Mr.-Dunston, and I most have it, only whether I take that fifty with me to-night or not depends on yourself. ' Eb 1' t aid I, wondering vaguely what he meant. ' I'll trourje you for a drop of that whisky,' he went on. 'I'm fear fully cold, always ^m. now, worse luck.' '? He stretched out his hand, seized my tumbler, and. filling it up to the brim with raw. spirits drained it off. 'Bah!' he exclaimed, 'hasn't got a bit of taste. Tell ) ou what air. you stick in this world as long as you can, it's a deuced sight more pleaeaot to live in than the other.' ' Mai alive, what do you moan ?' I exclaimed, getting up very Bud denly from my chair, for it struck me, apart from his words, that theie wan something odd about Tom Clinkwood ; there was s nuEty sort of outline about hi*), and his voico was changed somehow. He began to laugh, but the laugh ended in a choke. ' Oh lor,' he exclaimed, ' whit a fooi I was. Perhaps if I had man aged il some other way I should be able to tests a drop of liquor when I got the chance. Anyway, it can't be changed now, better luck next time' I felt a sort of cold chill creeping ever me, and to save my life I could not have spoken a word. I could only stand looking at him in si'ent horror, for it bad dawned upon me that be was a visitor from the other world. ' Right,' be s»id, just as il he had read ruy -ll.U(;lt', ' that'* tbe Btale of the pi II, ' loo- ie-se,' they call it, ' whil--t in nn unsound state of mind' ; ;wJ they were about right, for trciul \i ani worry, and a drop or tvo extra, had turned my hsad. It was partly your fault, you know.' ' Mine ?' I stammered. ' Well, you and a lot of other swells owed me money, and, having a bad time betider, I could not settle. Tbat pieced on my mind, for I had always yone straight up to then ; and then, you see there was me wue ana cuiiartn. 00 one morning I just took my rezor, and ? ' Here he unwound tbe comforter from about his throat, and I fell, all trembling, into the chair which was luckily behind me. 'Take a drop out of thelottle,' he said feelingly ; ' I ought not to have ebown it, that's a fact. Thai's right, take a second pull. Now you look a hit better, and we can talk busineas.' The raw spirit pulle-l me together like a shot. I felt tlie blood tingl ing in my veins, and my courage came bick. 'If you refer to the fifty pounds,' I said, 'I am awfully sorry, but I really think I nead it more than you' can possibly do in your— ahem 1 — in your present state. It's my last chance, and it's got to take me out to the Cape and keep mo 1 ill I can find work.' 'Cape be blowed f cried Tom Clinkwood ; 'I'll put you up to a game worth two of that.' 'I'm not going to run any more risks,' I eaid. 'No more betting for n.e ; I am going to work this time.' , 'Quite right,' replied the ghost .quite rifih: ; but, you see, in my present state I have opportunities. This time it's a cert.' 'I have known to 3 many certs go down,' I answered, doggedly. 'You never had or never will have tuch a tip as this,' he answered with some excitement. 'You see, I koow what's going to win to morrow st Kempton. If it were a mere matter of money I should not be able— be allowed— to tell you; but, you Bee, it's not for your sake, but to keep my poor wife and children from the workhouse; So I can do it.' *,Juit bo,' I said feebly, not undemanding how in the leas'. ?Look here, Mr. Dunston,' he went on, ' if I tell you the name of tho winner of the first race will you put a sovereiijn on it? Yi'U owe me seyeniy-fiv* of 'em, so out of common fairness you can't re ^i&fi;&p;^&^-y^ ?-?'-»?; i^t'^r 'It* -'.~:^'i?J-*' -SSv ^^^^ptlyiswered'^Kdoj Jl^^lfj&c;^meirtjffyoii'ffipdt Wotir winning, on the -jm 1 ippct for^he second race.' *&5; ? ? PfJBdddeaV-- ' '? --&::Xf^f. ';i P'X And the ftccumulstiv'e, vrinnipu' on my choice for the third rtt». anil; I so on all down the ciifd.* ^^F J': ?Good heavens f i^^uJ-begHK [ ning » get eicited ? *!Wfcy, If there; ?n. .any odds going, H wjUl.jbe thpn-i aandsiipu t^e-lftSt two TMes.'* v- '' V; ^Wf jl^'-yon ««0't:1&et; f»H in,, lypfunost.gttv^tfiis much Sif'you **p. 'Arid 'mind you -Korkh^hd. Now tot my eido ' of ^thfe 'question. If I do a; I say will 'yob give half what youwin tomy' wifeT.'-'SheVi living at BrightAi 45, 'Whitee'liff -treeC£ypi- a poor place, Vut if you fail her it&'tbe workhoua'e. that's before beK'r- ? ?' 'r Forgetting myself I held out my band. .'??''' ? ?May I -starve myself if I don't give her half! I cried. I I felt bit cold fingers grasp mine and for a moment my old panic re turned.- ???'/.? : ? 'I'll haunt jou if you don't, mind that,' he said, bis fisblikeeyes meeting mine in a sort of rigfd stare, 'apd.now write down what I tell you.' ' ? ? ' '.- He leaned back in his chair, whilet I drew a stump of fiencil from my -pocket, and, having no piece of paper handy, prepared to jot down what he told me on the deal table. ' For the first race, write down little Johnnie,' he commenced ;'* for the second. The Tadpole; for the third, Siobad the Sailor. The fourth Sweet Sjisan will win ; the fifth, The Rake ; the next, Rushing Tide, and for the Isst tuce, The Vixen.' When I looked up after writing, tbe list name I saw tbat he bad risen from bis chair. 'Good night, Mr- Dunston,' he said, 'Time's Mp. ? Rememb-r I trust you to act straight ; if you don't, though I am only a fool at a ehosr, I'll make it hot' for you. Now, take my advice, have a diink and a slnep; and you'll- wake up as fresh as a daisy.' He stretched out his hands to wards me, and I felt a sensation of drowsiness. 'Drink/ she said, pushing the tumbler in front of me. I took it up and put it to my Up?. As I felt the spirit burn .my throat, a dizziness seized me. The glass slipped from my hands, and I heard the tinkle of broken glaui — When I awoke, the fire was cut, so was the candle, and the grey light of morning was peeping in through the round holes cut io the old fashioned shutters. , ' What a rireitD,' I muttered, shivering. 'Anyhow, I must pay Tom out of the first money I make,' The next moment my eye's fell on tbe broken tumbler on the floor. That gave me a turn. I seemed again to Bee the misty hand grasp ing it, pushing it towards me. I looked down at the Uble. Yes, there were the names nf the horses he had given me, written in the order of their running. I felt mighty queer a bit, but by the time I had lit the fire and eaten a rasher or two, I began to think of the ether aide of tbe ques tion. Suppose it came off after all ! Suppose these horses did win I At all events my word was passed, and whether to a f»ho;-t or not I was de termined to keep it. It seemed an »ge till I wab on the course, and' my hand positively sh ok as I put a novereign on Little Johnnie for the first rice ; and I pave euch a shout when his number went up that made all the people round me fancy I had won a fortune. There is no need to take you all through that eventful day. The Tadpole started at five to one, the worst favorite in a field of three ; but he won. Sinbad the Sailor won the principal race by a head, Btarting at ten to one. The Vixen, for the last race, too, looked beat below the distance ; but, foot by foot, she crept up under tbe whip, and just nicked it en tbe p -st. Thas put the crown on tbe best day I ever hnd, and when I couuted over the money I found that there was two thousand pnundd for Mrs. Clinkwood and almost as much for niyselff. I found the poor woman in wretched lodginge, and only told her, when I banded her over the money, that it was a debt I owed hei husband, which was true enough. Tbat done, I went out to the Cape, an-i, having capital, did well. So, if I lost my first fortune racing, the tuif laid the foundation of my second. And now as for Tom Clink wood's appearance, in the cottage on thai never-to-be forgotten night. I have heard friends to whom I have told tbe story cill him tho ghost oi the pork chops. If so, all I cah advise them to do is to sup 'ome evening off pork chaps themselves, in the hopes that they may get such a tip as I did. But, joking apart, not for ten limes the money would I again feel that cold borroi that crept over me when 1 realised what my visitor was ; and never if I live to be a hundred, uball I forget that Christ mas night spent in Red Thorn Cot tage, Fulham. 