[PUBLISHED DAILY.] JUST TAXATION-ECONOMICAL GOVERNMENT PERFECT FREEDOM OF TRADE. WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1898. The speech at the Sydney Temper- ance Hall, in which Mr. Premier Reid unfolded his views on Federation, was a typical deliverance. The Sydney public would not give a straw for a contest conducted on purely academic lines. It prefers its political dishes highly flavoured, and dashed with a strong spice of the personal element. Mr. Reid, as an old campaigner, knows this, and, therefore, nearly a third of his time was devoted to dressing down some of his principal opponents. Mr. Barton, of course, came in for a proper keelhauling, as an individual who was not straightforward, and whom the Premiers of the other colonies would not trust, whilst we are told that they are thoroughly convinced of the honesty and integrity of George Houston Reid. As for Sir Edwanrd Braddon snubbing and declining to trust Mr. Reid again, that was all bunkum, for had not the Premier of Tasmania shown his cor- diality and recognition of the generous freetrade policy of New South Wales by putting articles of that colony's pro- duction on the island's free list? Messrs. Wise, O'Conner, Lyne, and Bruce Smith all received attention, and were sum- med up as individuals of no account whatever; and then came a series of halting, uncertain statements about the Commonnvealth Bill. It is not for us to find fault with the way in which Mr. Reid choses to play his political game. His position as Premier hangs on the issue, and, as that is far more to him than anything else, including Federa- tion, he may be excused for doing his best to secure his return. Naturally it suits Mr. Reid to try to impress on his constituents that Codlin's their friend, not Short; but when he tells them that the other colonies are still disposed to trust him he wanders very far from truth. There have been re- peated reiterations of his being a staunch federalist, notwithstanding his betrayal, but, as actions speak louder than words, it is not surprising if the friends of unity in the other colonies positively refuse to believe him, especi- ally when his following is composed of those who opposed the bill at the late plebiscite. Mr. Reid has proved him self a provincialist of the first water, who is now, as a matter of policy, mas- querading in federal garments, and who, if he is re-elected to power, will discard them on the first opportunity. We had an illustration during the late federal camnipaign of how Mr. Reid can acts the part of 'Mr. Facing-Both-Ways, and it is but what might have been ex- pected when the varying positions he occupied during the Convention sittings are taken into consideration. The New South Wales Premier wants to alter the Commonwealth Bill in the interests of the parent colony, and the most vital aitenaltion he would make is the intro- duction of the mass referendum. It is Interesting, in co?enhetion with this subject, to anote the changes that have taken place in his attitude. When the Convention assembled in Adelaide one of the first 'debates that todk place was on the general principles of the bill. In his speech Mr. Reid frankly accepted that of equal State representation. Quoting from the Hansard report of the proceedings, we find him saying, "Every State right, which is a legitimate right, must be placed in the Constitution: only there will it be sate. I say to the States which have rights, let us recog- nise them in deed; and to those who have interests, let us all, large or small, trust to the justice of the Parliament and Executive of the Commonwealth." This is brave, honest talk, and Mr. Reid backed it up, at the time, by personally suggesting that each colony have six representatives in the Senate. He went further than this, for when, Mr. Holder suggested the institution of the referen- dum Mr. Reid is reported to have said that, whilst he had respect for the prin- ciple, he must submit that "when I consider the enormous are of the Fede- ration, and the scattered state of its population, there never was a more un- favourable arena than this." That was the view of Mr. Reid at Adelaide; but there was a gra;dual change coming on, and, at times, ,ve h'ave hini advocating some scheme by which the larger pro vinces 'would be able to override the smaller. Still he did not attempt to force his views, and actually voted for the tlf'ree- fifths majority clause. Now Mr. Reid wants to erase the latter, and go for the referendum,,which at Adelaide he condemned as unsuitable, cumber some, and terribly expensive. This is but one of the many inconsistencies of which the hon. gentleman, has been guilty. He entered the, Convention at Adelaide in the most patriotic and compromising frame of mind, ready to pledge the parent colony to its last shil- ling to 'defend the sister States; he left it in Melbourne a huckstering provin- cialist, afraid that the colony he repre sented shourld have to contribute a single shilling more than the others did. It is not pleasant to have to refer to the steady degeneration of one who might have played a prominent part in the foundation of a United Australia; but, when Mr. Reid ;till aspires to' be the federal 'dictator, it is advisable to endeavour to arrive at a true estimate of the man who seeks that position. There seems to be a growing conviction that some alterations will have to be made in the bill, but, if so, as Mr. Bar- ton remarks there is a better prospect of having them satisfactorily initiated by a Federal Parliament than by an other Convention. There is no reason able prospect of finallity in the latter proposition. Assuming, for the sake of argument, trht Mr. Reid is returned to pvower, and that another Convention assembles to consider his propositions, what would be the position if they were not accepted? He would go back once more to the people of New South Wales with the same old cry of the other colonies trying to exploit the parent province, and so the g.ame would go on indedinitely. It is not likely that the other colomnies will consent to, act as puppets tol Mr. Reid. The old theo?ry of the Comnmon?vealth Bill being the re suit of fair and judicious compromise is now thrown to the winds. Mr. Reid has discarded the idea of compromise and the position he takes up is that of the autocrat who says '"those are my terms: take them: or leave them." Mr. Barton aldso wants to see some altera- tions made, but, if it were deemed de- sirable to meet again in Convention, with him as the New South Wales leader, the position would be different. His loyalty to the federal pact is un- doubted, and, if concessions were neces- sary, he would be far more likely to secure them than Mr. Reid. There would also be greater assurance that if the other colonies could not grant them he would go back to his people and to the same as he did before, ask them to accept the Constitution as it stands, and trust the Federal Parliament to remedy any inconsistencies. There may be a spice of absurdity in reducing Federation to a personal issue between two men, but it is no use wilfully blind- ing ourselves to the facts of the posi- tion. Mr. Barton has thrown down the gauntlet to Mr. Reid, and is going to fight out the issue in the Premier constituency. Never in the history of the colonies has a contest occurred which has attracted such attention as that which will shortly take place in the King division of Sydney. It will be a battle of giants, and on it will, in a great measure, depend the immediate future of Federation. The statement 'mhade by the Minister of Lands that a re-survey and re- estimate of the construction of the Ulverstone-Burnie extension had re- duced cost to £100,000 should be a powerful argument in favour of going on with the work. The amount borrowed for the job was £200,000, and the original estimate was £180,000, so, if the delay which has taken place results in a saving to the colony of £80,000, it was worth waiting for. Had the same precautions been taken before some of the non-paying southern lines were undertaken, there would be less occasion to grumble. The necessity for making the connecting link which will place the West Coast in touch with the railway system of the colony is becoming greater each day. Within twelve months it is ex pected that the iron horse will be running from Burnie to Zeehan, and by that time the 18 miles break should be bridged over, so that there would be an unlbroken line of rails from Strahan, via the North-West Coast, to Hobart. Mr. Biieak, in his report on the extension, estimnihes the loss at £8000 per annum, but the reduction in capital cost will knock over £3000 off this t amount, and doubtless when the line is constructed the General Manager will be able to see .his way to, still further reduce the .deficit. At all events, it would be worth making a loss for a few years to !harve the West brought into communication with the rest of the cdlony, and every year as traffic increased would s;ee the deficit lessened. If Ministers are really anxious that the work should be commenced, they will have no difficulty in securing the con- sent of Parliament. The Premier will doubtless like to please his Penguin supporters, to whom he owes so much, and, as Ministers have a very pliant following, it will be their fault if con- sent is not given. The weak point is running the line along the beach, for such a course is doubtful economy if it could be taken a few miles inland, where it could be fed on both sides, for a reasonable increase. However, as Mr. Back is to furnish another report, it will be, perhaps, well to wait and hear what he has to say. One of the most noticeable incidents in connection with the naval engage- ments in the American-Spanish war is the extraordinary difference in. the casualties that have occurred on either side. In the Manila battle the Ameri-, cans hardly lost a man, whilst on the Spanish side they killed and wounded were counted by hundreds. There was, however, a marked distinction between the; quality of the respective fleets: The Spanish squadron was composed of old fashioned, unarinoured vessels, with obsolete guns that had not the range of the American artillery, and Admiral lDewey simply crushed his antagonists by superior armament. But in the Santiago battle the conditions were more equal. The .Spanish ships were of a modern, type, and,, although they were dgighting against superior odds, it might re sonably be expected. that they would inflict some serious damage on their opponents. Yet such was not the case, For the loss sustained by the Americans was out of all proportion to that of the Spaniards. Bad marksman ship is said to be the principal reason, and the Spaniards, who never were famed for the accuracy of their aim, do' not appear to have improved. The main cause is set down to the superior armament of the United States ships. Before the outbreak of the war several experts had given as their opinion that the American vessels were over. weighted, and, from 'thai cause, to a large extent unseaworthy. The United States naval experts have always favoured heavier armament than the British, anid the war has enabled the American system to be pu't to a prac ticaal.:rt They appear to have over whelm'd the Spaniards by the weight of their discharge, and a very short time sufficed to Iransform an up-to date warship into a hopeless wreck. The Spaniards were, wanting in that cool, bulldog courage that is so charac teristic of the Anglo-Saxon type, and sought more to make good their es. cape than to boadly meet and? ende'a vour to disable the foe. The superiority. of the American armament and the ex cellence of their gunnery gave them every advantage, and. the Spaniards had hardly a ghost of a chance. The result of the Santiago conflict will, doubtless, be made the subject of some learned disquisition, but it would as pear as if practice had proved that the .American naval expert and his heavyi armament theories had a great deal to do with 'the solid advantages gained. The judgment given in the Evandale case will not cause surprise. The War den of the municipality refused to put a motion that had been, proposed and seconlded in the prescribed form, be cause itl was distasteful to, himself; the Council insisted; the Warden would not yield, and it refused to proceed with any other business, and appealed to' the Supreme Court for !a mandamus to com pel him to do his duty. Occasions sometimes arise when a chairman may feel perplexed as toy the proper course to follow; but in this instance there could be no reasonlalble doubt. Captain Cameron endeavoured to screen the Superintendent of Police by throwing over ihim his own. shield, and this proved 'to be worthless. He has to put the motion after all by order of the Court, and the lesson will be burnt in upon him by hav ing to pay the costs. Tlhe judg ment will give great .satisfaction to the residents of the district, and it will be a salutary warning to others placed inl similar circumstances. 