NEWS AND NOTES. Fine. No-confidence. Effective voting. Poor old Jessop. Free Gifts, £450. Get your Eight Hours tickets early. No-confidence motion-the first in five years. Mr. Tepper at the Democratic Club on Sunday night. Wages are politics, and politics are wages. You can't separate them. Under-Secretary of Queensland considers leprosy a curse to his colony. Levien, M.P., of New South Wales, strikes a great blow at the law profession. Mr. L A. Jessop does not like to take his own medicine of freedom of contract. Two " informal" motions in the Assembly during the week both well justified. Meeting of Federated Building Trades' Union at Trades Hall on Monday night. Merrily high the prices fly in monopoly's vast balloon : foreign insurance companies. Caldwell, M.P., knows nothing about the Beetaloo question. Well, some men never learn. Copley, M.P., says the Opposition failed to kick the Government when they had a chance. Even the nominal Opposition will not follow Downer. It is time he gave polities aspelL Insurance companies have raised their rates from 100 to 700 per cent. Good old monopoly ! At the present rate of progress the Address-in-Reply debate will occupy another five weeks. The Ministry smiled when Sir John Downer moved a no-confidence motion at their dictation. Wood, M.P., says the Attorney-General made a disgraceful attack upon Mr. Com missioner RusselL About thirty known lepers in Queensland, forty in New South Wales ; how long before we have the curse with us ? Coney beer, M. P., declared that the "dis satiiied " motion, as introduced by Sir John Downer, could not receive his support. Eight Hours Celebration Union will give away free gifts to the value of £450 on September 1, and £200 will be contributed in prizes for the sports. When Wood, M.P., collapsed Caldwell was not present, according to arrangement, to take up the running. When he returned he chastised Wood for finishing so quickly. The speakers so far on the Address-in Reply and the " dissatisfied" motion are Hutchison, Dumas, Downer, Holder, Wood, McDonald, Caldwell, Coneybeer. Average, not three a day. Mr. C. T. Richie, president of the Board of Trade, in compliance with the request of the miners in South Wales, England, has nominated a conciliator, to whom it is suggested the dispute should be referred. Advertiser. Extract from composition exercise by small Canterbury (New Zealand) schoolgirl ' . Kindness to animals'-It is cruel to cut off dogs' tails, as some wicked men do, for what God hath joined together no man must put asunder." At the primary examination in the theory of music, June, 1898, Miss Edith Helen Nash passed with credit and in pianoforte playing, Miss Mary Josephine Hehir also passed, both being pupils of Mrs. F. Staple ton, of Wakefield Street. McDonald, M.P., as a member of the Opposition, says that during the past few years the Opposition had helped the Government out of all its difficulties. He is correct. Whenever the Government ex perienced a difficulty iu evading a liberal promise, the " Opposition " has come to its rescue. A child named Stewart, aged three years, was murdered at Kakawaihi, near Karkobe, Auckland, New Zealand, on Saturday. Her throat was cut with a knife, and the wound was afterwards hacked with a toma hawk. The child's mother has been arrested. Trouble and poverty, it is supposed, have unhinged her mind. The question of perpetual motion has been solved by a Populist genius;-Rags make paper, piper makes money, money makes banks, banks make loans, loans make poverty, poverty makes rags. Rags make well, you stop here and commence over again, and keep on going until the cows come home.-Kansan. "A Worker" writes:-"Several others with myself think it would have been better to have still continued to hold meetings of People's Fellowship in Trades Hall or Democratic Club. The Fellowship is for the workers, to help them, so keep amongst the workers or you will lose influence over them, and stick to those who first helped you in the start." The annual report of the Advances to Settlers' Office, New Zealand, states that up to March 31 last the board had authorised 5,837 advances, amounting to £1,736,205, and had declined 1,341 applications for £419,433. Of the grants offered 698 were declined, so that the net advances authorised numbered 5,139, and the amounts totalled £1,405,965. The annual report of the Pacific Island Immigration Society shows that last year 334 islanders arrived in Queensland, 733 being from the Solomon Islands, The total Kanaka population was 8,224. The deaths during the year were 270 The facilities offered to the islanders t > place money in the Government Savings Bank were largely availed of, 2 877 having to their credit £21,280. Mr. W. S. Bickford, of Glenelg, writes confirming the letter of "Producer," which appeared in our last issue, anent the workers apathy at election times. He suggests a waking up for their own benefit. He has also something to say concerning the lament able condition of the electoral rolls, and asks that the Government might order the hold ing of two revision courts before the next general elections. A report was laid before parliament on Wednesday by the Railways Commissioner, in which he stated that the estimated expenditure for carrying the broad gauge to Petersburg and removing thereto the whole of the transfer sheds, platforms, and other conveniences was £75,000, and he was of opinion that a saving of £3,400 per annum in the working expenses would arise if this transfer were made. About as paltry a prosecution as we can imagine took place at the Young Police Court on Monday, when a poor woman was fined, with the alternative of two months' hard labor, for stealing wool from dead sheep, the property of the Hon. R. H. Roberts. It seems that a few hard-up old women and enterprising small boys have been raiding the exceedingly honorable gentleman's paddocks in search of sheep that have given up the ghost, and have with a profane disregard of the sanctity of property, divested the corpses of the wool which would otherwise have been left to perish on the bones, and secured a few pence for themselves at odd times by selling these gleanings. The station manager was horri fied to observe dead sheep rotting here and there with the wool gone off them, and in voked the majesty of law and order against the accused as a warning to all and sundry. -Sydney Worker. THE " GREEK " IMMIGRANTS . - The cour.se adopted by the authorities with respect to certain undesirable visitors, is another evidence of how little considera tion is shown to South Australians who are unfortunate in living outside the limits of Adelaide. These gipsies are found to be a nuisance in the city, and their camp is a place where considerable disturbance takes place ; hence they are driven from Adelaide into the country, anywhere pro viding the authorities are freed from immediate contact. But the residents of country districts are not in need of con sideration, they may put up with these undesirable , gentry no matter what their conduct. There cannot be much doubt but that when away from police control these people will go to greater lengths than in the city ; hungry men know no law ! We may in the near future hear of cases of intimidation, or even worse. The Government may then wake up to the necessity of doing its duty instead of viewing the probable danger with abso lute indifference. NEW SOUTH WALES ELECTIONS. - Everything tends to show that the Right Hon. G. H. Reid will return to Parlia ment after the next elections, which take place early in August, with a substantial majority, and consequently in a stronger position than ever to carry on the noble fight he is making for his colony. He has just passed through a no-confidence motion with a more than two-to-one majority, while from all parts of the country come congratulations and promises of help. These promises should be most gratifying to Mr. Reid, coming as they do from many districts that were deceived into accept ing the Commonwealth Bill by interested' partisans. His Ministry is solid against the Bill, and on his behalf a more than two-to-one majority in both Houses sup port him, while the most powerful paper in New South Wales is using all its influ ence on his behalf. When it is all over, from a federal standpoint, the mad federa tionists of South Australia will bite their fingers at not having taken the advice of the Labor Party instead of recklessly throwing the colony into the dirt. KILKENNY WANTS LIGHT.-We have received a complaint from residents of Kilkenny respecting the light, or rather want of light, at the railway station crossing. It appears that some time back, at the request of a deputation, the Rail way Commissioner supplied certain lamps at ail admittedly dangerous crossing ; but while the lamps remain no care is taken to light them, and the old danger presents itself. Several accidents have occurred at this spot, and we trust the Commissioner will have the matter attended to at once. Mrss S PENCE AT THE TRADES AND LABOR COUNCIL.-A departure from the ordinary routine was made at the last meeting of the United Trades and Labor Council, an address by Miss Spence on " Effective Voting" being allowed to take the place of the usual programme Miss Spence was assisted by Mrs. A. EL Young and Mr. C. Vaughan, who conducted a mock election for six representatives of the city regarded as one constituency. Both the address and the illustration of the method of voting proved very interesting, though it may per haps be doubted whether all of those to whom the subject was new thoroughly grasped the principle of the distribution of the surplus votes. However, there is no good reason why another evening should not be devoted to their enlightenment, and it would not be a bad idea to have what might be called a " lecture night" occasionally as a special feature of the meetings of the Council. But this, by-the-way. At the conclusion of the meeting a hearty vote of thanks to the lecturer and her demonstrators was passed and acknowledged in appro priate terms. 