xr *tzd •Cm iJdJ bLw OR A Daughters Sacrifice, By Maurice E. Hervey. CHAPTER XI. 'BOY IE ABN8 S UIETHING TO HIS • ADVANTAGE. Roy Ainsleigh assured Edith that he would-be a frequent visitor at the 'bbey during his fortnight's suiy at Thonvold, and she, looked forward eagerly to the (first of these promised visits. She was rapidly regaining strength, and fe-t equal to a short walk in the garden with the aid of a supporting arm. So the event proved, but it was H u.bert’s that supported her. He came alone. “Where is Roy?” she inquired anxiously. “ He is at Thorwold,’’ said Hubert. “ I have brought you a letter from him.” Edith took the letter in silence and opened it. It ran as follows — Thoiwoid, August 23rd. My dear Edith, I borrowed Hubert’s cycle yester day and rode to the Abbey for the purpose, of course, of seeing you. In the avenue I met your father, and he, after a very frigid greeting, opened out on me in the nastiest possible manner about your self. He told me in the plaiuest terms that he entirely disapproved of my attentions to you, and would deem it a personal offence to himself should 1 attempt to renew them. Other things he said which I will not pain you by repeat ing ; but the gist of it all was that l was utterly ineligible as a suitor, and that he would thank me to give the Abbey a wide berth in future. hat could I say or do ? Sir Philip is an old man and he is your father. How could I retaliate? What I did was to return without a word to Thorwold, and to-morrow I shall return to London. Of what use is my staying down here when 1 am debarred from seeing you ? I am sending these lines by Hubert, who knows nothing of what has occurred, Tell him, if you like, and let me know what you think I ought to do. Yours as ever, Roy. Edith read the first part of this luke warm effusion with heightened colour ; but ere she had finished it, she had turned deadly pale. Roy’s account of her ■father’s action aroused a strong spirit of ■opposition—of fight, within her. He had no right, she told herself, to stand thus harshly between her and her lover ; but how came Roy to yield thus readily ? He had not even attempted to justify himself ;—had not even pleaded his love for her —had not even expostulated against the decr ee which banished hi in from her presence. He had gone without'uttering -a word, and now he asked her what he ought to do. Would he have answered her thus, under similar circumstances, a :,few short weeks ago? She passed her ■hand across her forehead several time3 in -a perplexed sort of way; it was a habit .-she had latterly fallen into when worried ■ or anxious. Then she gave the letter to JHubert. “ Read it,” she said simply. JELubert did so, carefully, thoughtfully. ■“ I guessed from Roy’s manner yester day, that some unpleasantness had occurred,” he said presently, ‘hut 1 never suspected Sir Philip would go this length. 1 cannot quite understand his reason. He has never, to my knowledge, interfered between you and Roy before ; 'has he Edith ?” “No,” she replied, somewhat hesitat ingly; “but I think he was somewhat vexed that Roy saw me at the inn. He has changed very much in his manner lately, especially since that horrible little Jew arrived the man he used to call his secretary, you know.” “Yes, I know,” assented Hubert; “but I do not see how this Mr Krek’s return can affect your relations with my brother. Edith, I may use the privilege of au old friend—may s not-and ask you a blunt question ?” “ Of coarse you may, Hubert,” she answered, slipping her hand affectionately into hfe. “ Are you not my elder brother -as well ad Boy’s 1 Why, Hubert, how your hand trembles ” “Edith,” he we'nfc on, almost involun -tarily tightening his £i’ftsP °f tb0 small • white hand ; “ are you siiiO that you love "Roy—very much? That it v',routd grieve ;you very greatly to give him up ? ’ 141 think it would break my heart,” t.she almost whispered. The soft brown eyes gazed bravely into Vhors, and if the mobile mouth twitched ; fir a moment, the heavy moustache con cealed it. “I understand,” he said, very ;-gently. “Then you shall not give him iup, d-.-ar, and—he shall not give you up. il sha 1 do wii >,t I think he ought to have fdone—boldiy ask Sir Philip the reason for Ibis objection to my brother as a suitor for u- nand; and, for my reward, you ihall make a tour of the garden with me. 'Come 1 Don’t be afraid of leaning too It-eavily upon my arm. Why, it seems ibot the other day when I used to carry jmu on nay .phoulder !” And this is how lit camo to pass .tfiat Edith had Hubert’s I rarm instead of 'Roy’s to support her in her ifirst walk. She culled him a rosebud and placed it iin his. coat. “ 1 am thinking what answer .‘I shall send Roy,” she said gravely. Poor IHubert 1 She might give him the rose, lbut 'her thoughts were always with his Ibrother. “ I m afraid I cannot help you, dear,” ."he replied. “ Say just what your heart i dictates.” “ ' hy, you have helped me, Hubert 1” i she rejoined, with the ghost of one of her -old rippling laughs. “That is exactly ■ whatl shall say : ‘ Dear Roy,—Do exactly -. as your heart dictates.’ ” “ Then 1 know what I should do were -I Roy,” was his comment. “ What ?” ' “ Oh ! Something involving a rope RacCdetf and post-horses,” he explained \with tn<HC'k earnestness. “Ur I daresay a kandem,cycle would be more up-to- date.” Vmfl thus, heavy a3 was his own heart, sought to lighten hers by cheerful v Tvau to h;.s resolve, he sought out Sir p, ’lip Inter on. The baronet received f.™' cordially enemth until ho broached ' -biect of his brother’s pretensions to the svt • , i hitid. E 3 here, Hubert,” said Sir Philip, , , 'e“ • changing his tone, “ I have suddenly you very liighly, and, •always este. f t\mtf although 1 deem for the mattt>. empty-headed, 1 entertain dum somewhat nk‘ to yoUr brother. But . '-no personal disi ,-s tomfoolery between -once for all, th ust cea8e. He cannot 1 -Bdnh and him m u mudl le33 to marry 'afford to marry at a. ^OM refinements of a girl accustomed to . can indul„c iu . hfe which only rich POs V ^ 1 nor has he any prospect ; o£ outUving except the remote pros ■ other viow“ and succeeding you In' aud until l witU regard to my daughter * x__ .this boy-and girl nonsense is abandoned, * , . - -upon your brotlior discontinuing ^ to my house. I hope I make my meaning i clear to you ?” “ Not entirely so,” corrected Hubert, quietly. “ Am I to understand that your sole objection to Roy lies in the inade quacy of his income to maintain your daughter in the style to which she has been accustomed V “ Supposing 1 said ‘ yes ’ to that ques tion,” returned. Sir Philip, drily, “how would that affect the issue ?” ‘ ‘ Roy may very shortly be very much better off than he is at present,” an swered Hubert. “There may be a fairly adequate fortune held in trust for him, until he either marries or attains the age of twenty-five, of which even he. himself lias no inkling whatever.” -“Why beat ground the bush?’’ de manded the .baronet testily. “ Is there any such trust in his,.favOE?” “ You are foreing my hand, Sir Philip. Have l your promise that, if 1 answer your question, you-will treat the com munication as confidential ?” “Yes,” was the reply. “ I promise you that.’’ " “ Very good,” said Hubert. “ Then I, on my part, pledge you my word that, if you will give your consent to Roy’s mar riage with Edith, he will be in a position to give you, or your lawyers if you choose, clear proof of an income of £800 a year in addition to a settlement of £10,000 upon her. Does that satisfy you ?” “ Well, of course, you’re very unex pected statement alters the case entirely.” admitted Sir Philip : “ and, as I have said already, I have no objection to the lad personally. But are you quite sure of your facts—and figures V’ “ Absolutely. 1 am, if anything, understating the income, and I am asking you to sanction the marriage only upon • condition that tne proofs are forthcoming. That is fair, is it not 1” “ Yes, it seems fair enough. T presume, since you speak so positively, that you are yourself actingi--, a,3 your brother’s trustee 1" “Yes, lam.” “ Then that settles the question,” re joined Sir Philip. “ Subject to your own conditions, i withdraw, my objections to the match. But why have you kept this trust a secret all this time V’ “ If you- reflect a moment, you will readily sea the imprudence of letting a mere boy like Hoy know that he only had to get. married in order to come into a large sum of money. Failing Edith, he might marry the first clever adventuress he came across simply to secure this money.” “Yes,” assented the baronet; “there is reason in what you say. By the way I suppose thero is ho indiscretion in as suming that*this fortune comes to him from his father ?” ; “From whom else should it come?” echoed Hubert. “ I think the only re maining point to be considered is whether you would wish the young people to know the real reason for your change of front, or whether you would rather let them suppose you have merely relented upon more mature reflection ?” “ Upon my word, I don’t care a rush’,” was the candidly cynical reply. “ I leave it to you. Give them any reason or rea sons you choose — I’ll not contradict you.” • : “Very well,” said Hubert. “Then I’ll give Edith a hint of the good news before : return to Tlionvold.’-’ . “ You’re taking a world of trouble to'1 bring two foolish youngsters together,” rejoined Sir Philip, shrugging his shoul ders, “and, in the long run, you’ll prob ably get more reproaches than thanks for your pains. They’ll bo yawning in each other’s faces within six moutli3 of their marriage.” Hubert paid a second brief visit to Edith in order to communicate the suc cess of hi3 mission. “ Glorious news, Edith,” ho exclaimed, with great show of exultation “ I have succeeded in ta'king your, father into a more amiable frame of mind—have over come all his objections, and have his as surance that he will no longer stand in the way between you and oy There ! Am I not a skilful ambassador V Tears of gratitude and joy welled up in Edith’s eyras. • . ' “ Oh, Hubert,” she cried. “You have made me the happiest girl in England, and 1 was feeling so miserable ! Then Roy may come and see me as often as he likes ?” “Yes, dear, as often as he likes. There are to be no clouds between you any more—and now I must be off and let Roy know the pleasant course events have taken. He’ll be here early enough to-morrow you may be sure.” “Goodbye, Hubert,” she rejoined, with a happy smile. “ Good-bye, you best and kindest of brothers.” That evening he took Roy to task more seriously than he had ever done before, and not a little to that young officer’s amazement. “ You know, Roy," he began, “ that ever since our father’s death it has de volved upon me—being - so very much your senior—to take his place towards you.” “Quito right, old’fellow,” assented Roy; “and a deucol good step-fatlier you’ve been.” “Thank you, Roy,” said Hubert simply. ‘ ‘ At all events I have endeavored to do my best. Now, I want you to bear in mind the serai-paternal character of my relations towards you, because other wise you might consider the subject I want to discuss with you to-night to be no business of mine. I refer, of course, i to your position with*rospect to Edith.” “ I don’t see much use, anyhow, in discussing that matter,” remarked Roy, a little impatiently. “ Her father has l simply forbidden me the house. Did she ■ not tell you ? ” “Yes, she showed me your letter ; but I afterwards had a talk with Sir Philip, with the result that he has entirely altered bis views. He has now not the smallest objection to you as a prospective son-in-law.” “ And, pray, liow did you effect this sudden conversion V’ asked Roy, in great surprise. “ He was barely civil to me yesterday.” *• Well, his sole objection to you arose from his belief that you could not afford to maintain a wife suitably. I disabused his mind of this erroneous belief, that was all.” “ Erroneous !” repeated Roy, in utter 1 bewilderment. “ Why, you know per fectly well that I have only £200 a-year of ray own, and that my pay doesn’t cover 1 the mess-bills. Wliere does the error come in f “ I’ll tell you. Ther i is—well, call it a trust-fund, it you like, by which you will benefit to the extent oE about £800 a year, together with a lump sum of £10,000, upon your marriage.” “ How on earth did you find out this 1 It’s the first I’ve heard of it.” “ Never mind how I found it out,” said Hubert, drily. “ Suffice it for you that it is a fact, and that I have convinced Sir Philip of its reality.” Hoy stared at his brother for some time as though he doubted the evidence of hi3 own cars. “ Is this really the truth, Bert V’ he ashed presently — 11 Upon your word 1” 11 Upon my word it is,” was the reply. “ So soon as your marriage with Edith Caledon is definitely arranged, steps will at once be taken to place you in posses t sion of both income and settlement 3 money. I should mention that the £10,000 is intended for settlement upon your wife.” “It’s the most extraordinary thins; I ever hoard of!” exclaimed Roy. “ And you are as mysterious about it as a sphinx. However, the point seems to be that, so far as securing the money is con cerned, the sooner I get married the bet ter, eh ?” “That is so/’ assented Hubert; “if, indeed, you regard it as the principal point. Some time must, however, neces sarily elapse before you could well ask Edith to marry you. ’ “ I should rather think so,” rejoined Roy, emphatically. “ She won’t be able to get about properly for months, and as for her hair-” “Roy !” interrupted his brother, almost angrily : “You are an ass ! What on earth has the length of her hair to do with her getting married ?” “ Oh. nothing !” returned Roy, some what nettled in his turn. “ I auppose a girl can always get through the ceremony provided she ha3 a tongue left; but I confess I should like to see Edith looking something like her former self before she faces the parson.” “ Well, you two must arrange that between you. You will hear from the solicitors to the trust in about a month’s time ; meanwhile, see Edith as often as you reasonably can—your visits will cheer her up. Of course, you’ll stay the fort night now f “ Can’t, old fellow 1 Find I must be in town within three days at the latest.” Hubert bade his brother good-night abruptly, and left him. “ He cares nothing for her now,” he muttered to himself wearily, “And she loves him. How will it all end Roy was a daily visitor at the Abbey during the three days to which he had cur tailed his stay at Thorwold ; and, in his interviews with Edith, something of the former lover-like tone had revived. Something, but not everything. He had found it extremely easy and pleasant, in the old days, to make love to a pretty girl radiant with health and high spirits. From lawn tennis and cycling down to surreptitiously “larking” a four-year-old over a fence, she had ever been eager to share, so far as might be, in his amuse ments and sports. hTow she was but a shadow of her former self—her exuberant gaiety was all gon9, and she could hardly walk fifty yards unaided. He was genuinely sorry for her, and was a3 kind to her as he knew how to be ; but he was no more the same Roy than she was the same Edith. He told himself, and all but told her, that it was hard lines for them both she should have met with this mis nap, which debarred them from sharing their old pastimes. It did not occur to him to mask his own disappointment and to encourage her by talking cheerily of the future. It was not in him. He was merely an easy-going, shallow young follow, who lived entirely for the present. Love ha3 keen eyes for some things, and Edith noted every detail of the change that had come over him ; but she was more concerned in finding excuses for him. It was only natural, she told herself, that he should find her society less attractive than formerly ; indeed, it was very kind and good of him to give her so much of his time. At his age he could not be expected to display the gentle, watchful tact so characteristic of Hubert. She would soon be well and strong again, and then things would be exactly, a3 they had been before between them. And so Roy, still feeling himself some how ill-used, returned to London without opening his lip3 to Edith upon the sub ject of, a formal engagement “I shall come down to Thorwold for three weeks or a month at Christmas,” he told her, “and by that time you will be quite yourself again.” “At Christmas!’' she echoed wonder iugly. “ That’s a long way off yet. Shall I not see you again until Christmas V l' Oh ! 1 daresay I shall mar age to run down occasionally for a couple of days’ shooting,” he auswered, “ but it’s not so easy to get leave of absence as people imagine. Your brother talks of quitting the service, and. by Jove 1 I’ve a good mind to follow his example. Good-bye, dear. Make haste to get strong and well again - for my sake,” he added with a flickering gleam of the old love. “I’ll try hard—for your sake, Roy,” she assented, with a trace of a sob in her voice. “Good-bye. Give my love to Reggie, and tell him that everything is sure to come right in the end. Good-bye again, Roy.” To his brother’s thinly-veiled questions he replied, as little evasively as possible, that everything would be settled between Edith and himself when she got a little better ; and, with this somewhat vague assurance, Hubert had to remain content ; and, indeed, so long as Edith could look forward to the future hopefully, he was satisfied. 