SOCIAL. His Excellency. and Lady Hampden are going to Sutton Forest to-day for a few days, where they will join Captain and tho Hon. Mrs. Fer guson, and. tho Hon. Dorothy Brand, who went to Hill View on Thursday. Tho important social events of the weok have ulready been chronicled In our columns, so that littlo Is left for tho Saturday record. There were a great many of Mr. Curnow's Irtends down, to see him off by the Victoria on Wednesday, and the Misses Curnow were laden With flowers by thosa anxious in some way to make the hours of farewell bright and happy. A trip to tho old country Is so easily accomp lished nowadays, and is so interesting, that tho travellers are sure to have a delightful time, and Will return homo with renewed vigor for further duties. During Mr. Curnow's absence, Mrs. Cur now will bo "at homo" on tho first Thursday of each month, Instead of every Thursday, as for merly. The christening of a new four-oar boat was an excellent excuse for tho president and committee of the Boat Club to send out invitations to a number of pleasant people to meet at tho boat shed. Berry's Bay, yesterday afternoon. Mrs. Gould was requested to perform tho littlo cere mony, and came, with Mr. and Miss Gould, in the Government launch Premier. Thero wasflrst somo racing among tho C. of E.G.S., North Sydney, the Premier, with most of the guests, following tho races; then everyone was Invited to tho shed for ten. This had been provided by Mr. and Mrs. Robson, who requisitioned a num ber of pretty girls to help prepare and servo tlio dainty repast. The fresh air and a delightful sense of unconventionallty made everything go .very brightly, and the young ladles were excel lent tea-makers. A little later the Janette was christened, launched, and duly admired, and everyone boarded tho launch to criticise and admire tho new Improvements Mr. Robson in his speech had pointed out. Mr. Ilickson and Miss Gould wero busy with their kodaks, photograph ing the best points of view all tho afternoon. 'Another turn round tho bay, and then the Sydney guests were lauded at Circular Quay, all de lighted with the pleasant outing they had had. Among those present wero. besides the names al ready mentioned, Mrs. Hlckson, Mr. Calvert, Mr. and Mrs. Jaques, Miss Jaques, Mrs. and Miss Macfarlane, Mr. and Mrs. Creswell, Miss Palmer, Mrs. and Miss Rundlo, Miss Ethel Rundle, Mrs. and Miss Armstrong, Mrs. Newmarch, Miss Nellie Harriott, Mrs. and the Misses Trevor-Jones, Mr. Devonshire, Mr. Hall. Miss Ramsay, Mrs. Fea- ' tlierstonhaugh, Mr. Cuthbert Featberstonhaugb, the Misses Rundlo, Mr. J. Armstrong, , Mr. Katcr, Sir. Burnside, etc. Mr. and Mrs. Willsallen returned from Now Zealand yesterday, and aro staying at the Aus tralia Hotel. A social gathering of an Informal character iwa3 held at St. Catherine's Clergy Daughters' School, Waverley, yesterday afternoon, to wel come tho return to Sydney, on a visit, of the former principal of the school. Miss Phillips, who is now engaged In missionary work In Cey- loi. . Among those present at the gathering were Mrs. Copeland, Mdmo. Bosker, Mrs. Newman, Mr. and Mrs. Ebsworth, Mrs. J. H. Bettlngton, Mdme. Rougier, Misses Langloy (two). Miss I-Ior- to.u. Misses Wbyte (two). Miss Gllman, Miss Old, Miss Barry, Miss Amphlett, Miss Mills, Miss Britten,. Miss Chapman, Miss Dixon, Miss Studds, Miss Stedman. Miss Lowis, Miss Jenkyn, Miss Stretton, Miss Atkln, Miss Crlsford, Miss Mori., Miss Young, Miss Wyatt, Miss Body, and Miss Seahorn. Mr. and Mrs. A. Heskoth. Pratt have been "at homo" to their friends at the Arcadia Hotel every day during the week. The proverbial cloud of small dimensions seems to hover over the gatherings which are at present assembling in aid of the numerous charities of Sydney. This news will not be unwelcome to those who think that charity functions are over- done, for they will console themselves with the thought that their energies may now be directed in some special direction. That the public will readily respond to calls made on them by St. Vincent's Hospital (whose yearly ball promises to be as successful as ever), the Prince Alfred Hospital, whose committee announce a ball early in May, and several other institutions that "go without pushing," is easily understood. These in- stitutions speak for themselves, and are sup- ported unanimously. Why it is that the Boys' Brigade does not appeal as strongly to the pub- lic is a mystery. In spite of a representative committee of noble earnest women, and in spite of the enthusiastic support of Mrs. Robjons, who makes the most stirring addresses to the people about the boys, this excellent institution is not as firmly established as it ought to be. The fact that on Wednesday, when the commit- tee met at the Town-hall, under the Mayoress's direction, only a bread and butter dance was proposed, shows how little people care to help our street boys to become good and honorable men. Bread and butter dances do not amount to much when settling up time comes, and the object of the brigade is so noble that surely a greater effort should be made to help the good work on. It is not often we meet Miss Rose Scott on ball committees, but her pre- sence on Wednesday is a guarantee that the brigade is doing a necessary and excellent work. Mrs. Hugh Dixson, Mrs. Gullett, Mrs. Reading, Mrs. Frazer, Mrs. Chapman, Mrs. Meeks, Mrs, Reynolds, and Mrs. Playfair were also among those present, and it is hoped that their influence will induce others to work loyally for their sometimes too impetuous younger brothers. The kndergarten is another excellont way of training the youthful mind, and the gradual but sure advance the work Is making in and around Sydney must bo very gratifying to those who are Interested in It. At the Woollooraooloo Kinder-; » '""i, kiuvu t uuj j fui i a' Littiit,! ai.QUUuU(iU » da Iciml enough to give the children a magic lan« tern entertainment, which, judging from tho peals of laughter which rang round the room, they en joyed immensely. Each picture seemed more amusing than the last, and Intense interest was . taken in the' stories of Mother Hubbard, Littlo Hed Hldinghood, Jane Conquest, etc. Mrs. Fea- therstonhaugh and a few friends sang solos, and the evening passed most pleasantly. A pleasant social gathering toolc place in St. John's Schoolroom on Wednesday afternoon, when several of the many friends of Mrs. Blom- field requested her to meet them at afternoon tea, prior to her proposed departure for Bowrai. Opportunity was taken of the occasion to present her with a valuable purso containing 20 sove reigns, as some, slight recognition of her many valued services in connection with the church and other charitable objects. Tho Rev. Mr. "Willis, in presenting the purse, said he was very pleased to do so, ns from tbe time he came to Moss Vale he had ever found Mrs. Blomfleld one of the first to help in all church work, and where ever there was sickness or sorrow she was ever ready with kind sympathy and help. It gave him great pleasure to present her with this testimony of her friends' regard, and he joined them in regretting her departure from their midst. Mrs. Blomfleld tried to tbank them for their kindness, but was too deeply affected to Bay all she desired. The following were among those present: — Mrs. Badgory, Mrs. M'Court, Mrs. R. E. O'Connor, Mrs. N. H. Throsby, Mrs. Brid ges, Mrs. J. Badgery, Mrs. F. Badgory, Mrs. John- i son, Mrs. Wallaco, Mrs. Gale, Mrs. Parnell, Mrs. H. E. Katcr, Mrs. Ponder, Mrs. Samuels, Mrs. RIcardo, Miss Willis, Miss Hill, Miss Pedcn, Miss A. Badgery, Miss Jercmias, Miss Vllos, Misses Morrice (Eliny Forest), Miss Carter, Miss Jackson, and several others. Mrs. C, Bennett wroto regretting ber Inability to be present. Mrs. A. Osborne, Mrs. Zouch, Mrs. Lccch, Mrs. Good- ridge, Mrs. 0. Taylor were sorry, owing to sick ness and other causes, they were unable to come. During the afternoon selections of music and several songs were rendered by Miss Wil lis, Miss A. Badgery, and Miss Vilcs. In one of the prettiest houses on the Lane Cove River, the marriage of Miss Mabelle Man- ton, eldest daughter of Mr. W. R. Manton, of Glebe Point, with Mr. W. Lyndon Carpenter, second son of Mr. H. Carpenter, of Wellington, N.Z., was celebrated. The ceremony took place in the drawingroom, which was appropriately arranged for the occasion, and the Rev. Ronald G. Cameron officiated. The Misses Manton play- ed the "Wedding March," and the bride was at- tended by four pretty little girls, dressed in pale pink chine silk, who wore floral wreaths and carried posies of pink roses. Those little maidens were: Miss Bebe Manton, Miss Mab Blake, and the Misses Mary and Cecile Joubert. They all wore small gold brooches as souvenirs of the event, which had been presented by the bridegroom. The bride wore a becoming toilette of white silk, the bodice handsomely embroidered with pearls. A tulle veil, falling over an orange flower wreath and a shower bouquet, completed her costume, which had been presented to her by her hostess, who had also placed her house at the disposal of the bride for her wedding day. She also wore a gold pendant, which, like her bouquet, had been presented by the bride- groom. Mr. Manton gave his daughter away, and Mr. Richard Carpenter was in attendance on his cousin as best man. At the conclusion of the ceremony the guests were entertained at a wedding tea on the large verandah, from whence a lovely view is obtained of the sur- rounding scenery. Here everything that thought- ful hospitality and kindly friendship could sug- gest was arranged, in honor of the bride, and the artistic manner in which the table was laid proclaimed the fact that the hostess and her daughters were pastmasters in the art of de- coration. In the diningroom the "gifts" were displayed to advantage, and these included a set of silver dishcovers. presented to Mr. Car- penter by the Tranquility Lodge, and a hand- some silver afternoon tea service, presented by his brother officers of the E.S. and A. Bank. Some 150 guests ware present, among the invited being:— Mr. and Mrs. Cristor, Mr. and Mrs. Percy Allen, Mr. and Mrs. Maplestone. Mr. A. Buchanan, Mr. W. L. Merewether, Mr. and Mrs. J. Armstrong, Dr. H. Hughes, Dr. H. T. Lloyd, Mr. and Mrs. P. A. Rabett, Mr. and Mrs. R. M'Kay, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Park, Mr. and Mrs. R. Pollock, the Misses Gibson, Miss S. Burke, Mrs. Wickham, Miss K. Brady, Mrs. Corvosso, Mrs. Harper, Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Ruthven. Mrs. John Leary, Miss Lulu Leary. Mr. and Mrs. Rooke, the Rev. and Mrs. Bayley, Mrs. Blake, etc. Later on Mr. and Mrs. Carpenter started for Hobart, the latter wearing a fawn cloth Eton costume, with white satin vest, white Tyro- lese hat and scarlet parasol. Mrs. Manton and her daughters joined in the entertainment of the guests, and before the bride went to prepare for her wedding journey a photograph of the party was taken on the lawn. The wedding took place on the 2nd of March, and on their return from Hobart, Mr. and Mrs. Carpenter will take up their residence at Lurlie, Double Bay. The Scots' Church on Church- hill was, on the afternoon of Thursday, February 27th, the scene of a very pretty wedding, when Mr. W. R. Alex ander, eldest son of Mr. J. W. Alexander, of Neutral Bay, was married to Miss Nora Ryan. The ceremony was performed by the popular in cumbent of Scots' Church (the Rev. W. M. Dill Macky). Tho bride, In an ivory silk costume, and carrying a beautiful shower bouquet (the gift of the bridegroom), entered the church upon the arm of her brother-in-law (Mr. J. Murdoch), and was followed by Miss Aggie and Violet Alevan- der, who wore white silk frocks, with Leghorn picture hats. They carried baskets of beautiful pink flowers, which, with the bangles worn by bofh of the young ladies, were gifts of the bride groom. Tbe maids in attendance wero Miss Alexander and Miss Graham, both of whom wore charming gowns of white silk over buttercup, very tastefully trimmed with Valenciennes inser tion and baby ribbon, white Toreador bats com pleting the costumes. The handsome brooches worn were, together with their pink shower bou quets, gifts of the bridegroom. After the cero- mony, the young couple left tho church to tbe strains of the "Wedding March," Mrs. W. P. Crick officiating at tbe organ. At the residence of tho bridegroom's parents. Cliff Bank, High- street, Neutral Bay, about 70 guests partook of tho exceptionally dainty wedding breakfast pro vided. Tho numerous presont, which were laid out, evoked much admiration, and included a handsome cheque from the bridegroom's father. Amongst those present were Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Alexander, Mr. J. E. Alexander. Mr. and Mrs. Bell, Mr. and Mrs. Lyttle, Mrs. Ryan (mother of the bride). Mrs. Parsons, Mrs. Maddock, Captain and Mrs. Jack. Captain and Mrs. Thomas, Cap tain and Mrs. Green, Mr. and Mrs. H. J. Moffat, Captain and Mrs. M'George, Mrs. and Miss Chud- leigh, Mr. and Mrs. Graham, Mr. and Mrs. Fos ter, Mr. Spenco (Glasgow), Mrs. Ross (West Maitland. Mr. and Mrs. Fife, Rev. and Mrs. Dill Macky, Mr. and Mrs. Cleave, Mr. W. Watson, Mr. and Mrs. Filburn, Misses Kelly, Erwlu, Du- thie, Miss Dean, Mr. Jamee Ryan, Miss F. Hop- wood (Brisbane), Mr. D. Evans, Mr. T. Shoults, Mrs. W. Shoults, and tho Misses Murdoch. Later the happy couple left for the mountains, the bride wearing a handsome travelling dress of grey material and Toreador hat. An interesting wedding was celebrated at St. John's Church, Parramatta, on Wed nesday week, the parties being Dr. Al fred Maitland Gledden, of College-street Sydney, and Mrs. Annie F. Blackwell, widow of the late Dr. Blackwell, of West Maitland, and daughter of Mrs. George Langley, of "Verona, " Wentworth-street, Parramatta. The wedding was of a quiet character, the invitations being limited to a small circle of relatives and friends. Tbe celebrant was the Ven. Archdeacon Gunther. The church was beautifully decorated by the lo cal florist, Eury, a mammoth wedding-bell being suspended above the chancel steps, flaukcd by floral borse-sboes. The bride was given away by Mr. J. B. Bcltington, her brother-in-lay, Mis ses Blackwell and Bettlugton being ladies in waiting. Mr. Linden Brown was groomsman. The bride wore a lovely walking dress of biscuit- colored silk, a panel of white chiffon being let in the front of the skirt. The bodice of pale blue chiffon was enriched with passementerie trim mings, and a Toreador hat was embellished with choice white feathers, completing a striking dis play. Amongst her ornaments was an aqua marine and pearl brooch, the gift of tho bride groom, and a brilliant diamond brooch. The bridegroom's gifts to the ladies-in-waiting were gold bangles and pearl brooches. Mr. Augustus Gehde gave the wedding music most artistically, selecting the Norwegian Bridal March, the bridal music from "Lohengrin," nnd Mendelsohon's Wedding March. After the cerempny the party were driven to "Oatlands," the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Bettlngton, where a reception was held. Amongst the guests were Mrs. James Burns (Ya- van Brae). Dr. and Mrs. Plckburn, Mrs. and Miss Gunther, Rev. A. H. and Mrs. Champion, Dr. and Mrs. W. S. Brown, Dr. and Mrs. Regi nald Bowman, Mrs. and Misses Street, Rev. P. J. Simpson, Saptain and Mrs. Ghost, Mr. and Mrs. -Arthur Dowiing, Mr. aud Mrs. M'Evoy, Mr. and I Mrs. Traill, Mrs. J. H. Bettlngton, junr., Mr. and Mrs. Carr (Maitland), Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Calrnes, Miss Langley, Mr nnd Mrs. Sterling, Mr. and Mrs W. W. Bodenhnm, Mr. Dodds, Mr. A. H. Coombes, and Mr. Blackwell. 'The pretty cus tom of presenting gentlemen with buttonholo bouquets as they entered the church was obser ved. Dr. aud Mrs. Gledden loft for Meltourno In the evening, the bride's going-away dress be ing a tailor-made costume of black nnd whitb check. Dr. Gleden is a partner of Dr. Plckburn, of Collego-stroot, Sydney. 