DAYS OF DAMER. [copyright.] Thrilling Narratives of the Busbfanging Times. Keenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. IN FIVE PARTS. PERIOD, 1846. PABT I. IN May, 1846, a surveying party em ployed by the Van Diemau's Land Government in the north-west part of the island met with a strange experience in [be neighbourhood of Mount Valen tine, a huge peak adjacent to the world famous Mount Biechoft*, whioh boasts the richeBt tin mine in the universe. The party were unoer me guidance 01 bh ex perienced leader named Evan Edwards. Ab the name implies, Edwards was Welsh tu ihe backbone and spinal marrow, though his college training in London had smoothed sway the roughness of his accent, which in his youth was rugged as his native hills. The practical lift he led did not, however, mollify the deeply rooted vein of Buperatition which ran through liia nature, and he was prone to see signs and portents where really no cauae to introduce the supernatural was apparent. He had four men with him, named John Weston, Edward Jones, Michael Eeenan, and Joseph Walsh- They were hardy young fellows who loved the rough life whioh their occupation entailed, and managed to judiciously combine business with pleasure. The wild crags and dark glons which had been familiar to Evan E3 wards in his youth paled into nothing nets before the stern majesty of nature in the localities which the party were eudcavouring to explore. They were in the great hollow formed by Mount Valentine, Bidel'n Bluff, and Cradle Mountain, with the great ranges running like spires to conneot them. From the first mount right to tliesouthern ocean at Arthur Bay, a distance of fifty miles, a vast range extended to the west with long spurs jutting out et intervals to the north and approaching Basa Straits. North and south of the main range rivers of more or less magnitude ran. The most important were Arthnr, Hellyer, Emu, Cane, Detention, Black Duck, and Montague riven. To the south of Mount Valentine a perfect network of rangos bewildered the observer. Cradle Moun tain f 01 med a magnificent background to the wild scene as it rose with its vener able crown of snow. In the Waratab Ranges other rivere, such us the Pieman, Donaldson, Ooldstream, and Huskison, took their source, so that the whole of the north- west corner of the island was splendidly watered. The rugged hillB and towering cliffs which everywhere met the eye, intercepted with narrow and profound glenB, to say nothing of the dense vegetation, made, however, settle ment rather a difficult matter. It was a region for the miner rather than for the The first shook which oaroe upon the men was in a deep ravine near the southern base of Mount Valentine. Every step had literally to be fought with the axe. It waa rare, indeed, that an open space was found over which the chain sould be ran. The track had to be made with hard and unremitting labour, and in doing this the men hsd at times narrow escapes from the reptiles which infested 'he district. The dense under growth of oreeping plants whioh entwined with the shrubs and trees often necessi tated a week's work to cover a quarter of a mile of country. Tho rough axemen saw nothing in the locality but the sylvan barriers, yet a botanist or a geologist— and indeed to a lesser extent the zoologist ? would have revelled in the profusion of animated and inanimate nature which was scattered around. It was little wonder that the members of the surrey party considered they, were the first white men' who had ever pene trated the region. In day* gone by, before the 'blaok battue' took place, the aboriginal might have roamed at large, though probably not in numbers, as they would prefer the more open and equally fertile central districts). On the morning of the 3rd May, 1846, Eeenan waa leading man in cutting the narrow track through a deep and pecu liarly wild glen whioh ran at the southern base of the mount. The bauri vine in places almost shut ont the light of day, bat that dreaded horizontal oreeper did not prove such an obBtaole to progress as the ordinary upright scrub, as the chain could be carried along underneath the former, though it was realty surveying is twilight. Eeenan had just reached a more than UBually obstinate spot near the foot of a gigantic tree which towered far above its felloWB, and was silently blaspheming the luxuriance of nature, when a sheet of balk waa exposed by the last vicious tug he gave at some severed undergrowth. It ib certainly not an unusual circum stance to meet with sheets of bark in a locality where it abounds, but this particular sheet of stringy-bark had a peculiar fascination for the trackmaker. Besting the axe on the ground, he leaned on the handle and contemplated it for some seconds with a puzzled look on his face. The reason for this was' soon obvious. The broad pieoe was about seven feet long and two feet six inches broad, and it was. cut at taoth ends as by an axe or hatohet. The chops on in were quite plain, though judging by its appearanoe, the bark had Iain at the spot for two or three yean. In plaoes it had been torn away as though by wild animals, and there waa something so uncanny abont the whole thing that the Irishman did not care to touch it until he had the oompany of one of his mates. He was about to oall out for Weaton, whom he knew was olose behind, when on turning he saw the leader himself coming up. ' What's the matter, Mike ?' he asked as he noticed the perturbed look on the faoe of the man. 'I don't know, all. There's something here I can't quite make out. It looks as if Borne white men had been here afore us. Look at that piece of bark. It's been out with an axe,' said Eeenan. Evan Edwards took a quick glance at the objeot indicated, and then burst into a loud laugh. 'Did it never occur to yon, Mike, that the blsckfellowa are able to use toma hawks and axei, and that most of them carry those useful articles f Don't you see the blscks have done this t' 'Well, t never thought about that afore. Of course I see it now,' answered Keenan, joining in the laugh. ? I'll move it, at any rate, and see if ould Nick himself be hid under it. Perhaps we may find a gold mine about.' Aa he spoke he lifted the axe and tried to shove the heavy sheet of bark off the spot on which it lay, but it did not yield bo easily to hiB efforts. ' Don't catch it like that, Mike. There may be a few anakns under it,' cried Edwards, bb Keenan dropped the axe and was about to lift it with hiB hands. Having a healthy fear of being taken unaware by one. of the reptiles which the Irishman abhorred, he stopped, and liftings stick, the chief of the survey party gave him a hand to remove the elieet of stringy- bark. It yielded, so to speak, reluctantly, aa though it weie human aud like a person in the witneaB-box feared to give up an important eeoret. At last it broke suddenly away and slid down about a foot on the steep incline where it was lying. Both men sprung back aa if indeed half a dozen hissing serpents were about to spring at them, for there was a mystery revealed by the act. A silent grinning skull, unspeakably grim nnd purtentoua in such a place, looked up — or, at leaet to the men, appeared to gaze at them from the eyeless socketB. Tite skull— so much of it as was uncovered — seemed perfect enough, but only a por tion of the skeleton was us yet laid bare. For nearly a minute both men looked at each other alternately with a glance at the skeleton, but neither spoke, and as they were thus mute, Jonea and Weston made their advent on the strange scene and quick ly eaw what had fascinated their comrades. 1 It is the skeleton of an aboriginal, I suppose,' remarked Jonea. ' No, it's nothing of the sort, so far as I can see. We must take off the bark altogether and make a thorough examin ation. Aboriginals don't wear boots and white men's clotheB ; and can't you see a boot-toe sticking out at the end there ? Lift off the bark so that we may get a proper view,' answered Edwards. Now that the first shock of the dis covery was over and there were four men present, the instructions of the chief were quickly carried out, and the ghastly relics laid bare. There were merely the bones, and with one or two exceptions I they were all present, a somewhat re markable fact when it ia oonaidered that numerous wombats were in the locality, and being omnivorous, they are of course not particular what kind of food they eat. A pair of well- worn boots still encased the feet-bones, or rather contained them, for moat of the bones had become dis united. A rough skin «cap, presumably an opposium skin, was beside the skull, and sundry fragments of clothing showed' that in all human probability the relics were those of a white man. Poking about the debriB with a stick, Edwards struok something hard, which gave forth a metallic sound, and it was quickly unoovered. It proved to be a small tin ease about five inches long, four inches wide, with an aperture not more than one inch across. It had the lid and all complete, and did not seem to be much the worse for wear. ' What on earth can be in thjs ?' spoke the leader as he picked it up gingerly and looked upon the artiole with ardent curiosity, a feeling whioh was quite shared by his companions. Edwards shook the box, but it did not give forth any sound whioh might indi cate its contents, and from its lightness he concluded that if it was not empty it' only contained papers, and he expressed that view to those around him. ' Only papert,' replied Weston. 'They may prove most important and lead to a aolution of the mystery, for such it must be. 1 suppose the body is only thai of some poor devil of a convict who ran away in the terrible days of Macquarie Harbonr and perished here,' he added. ?Then lie must have lived a long time after hia esoape. The Macquarie station has been olosed for a quarter of a cen tury, and this skeleton has not lain here for more than three years I should judge,' returned Jones. ' Well, he might have lived for years and yeara in the bush. There is nothing impossible about it, I suppose,' replied Weston. ' His boots and clothing would not have lasted long in this district, anyhow. If he had pillaged any of the settlers the authorities would have heard about it, and all the country-side would have been on the gui vive. Oh, no ; the Macquarie theory won't do, Jack. We must have something better,' anawered Jonea. ' I am of your opinion also, Ted. This body oould not have lain here more than three or four years. The bark was com paratively good, Aud the remains are fairly well preserved. In such a ruoiat district time soon tells on anything perishable,' added EdwardB, who waa busy with his knife trying to take off the well-fitting lid of the box which had been partly rutted. It was with no little trouble that the top of the mysterious tin-box waa re moved, and eager expectation rested on the faces of the men as they peered forward to see what it oontained. On the top was a layer of wool quite dry, and (his led to the conclusion that the con tents were valuable. With some anxiety Edwards removed this and saw that the box wss filled with the same material, but ont of it peeped a small pieoe of silvered edging. Turning the box up, the leader was enabled to get hold of this, and he pulled forth — not a valuable deed or document — but simply a photo graph on glass.' It was a simple daguerreotype, but the likeness was olear and well preserved. It was that of a man apparently about forty years of age, bnt with' remarkable faoe and head. The latter was almost completely bald, whilst the faoe had an expression that onoe seen oonld not easily be forgotten. It was sinister in the ex treme, and the forbidding countenance was heightened by a soar whioh ran in a diagonal direction right aoross the fore head. A email Bemi-oircle of beard ran from under each ear round the ohln — or rather underneath it— whilst the rest of the face wm dean- shaven. There was no name or anything to indicate whose likeness it wss, save the photograph itoelf . That could not be mistaken by anyone who knew the original. ?Poor devil,' said Edwards, glanoing down at the hideous outline of bones. ? He has left enough to identify the body bv at all events. Ifou see, Weston, he could not have been an outlaw, or at leant a oonvict. snd carry an article like that about. The authorities would take good care of that, you may depend. Have any of you an idea of the original T nTconouWs. he passed the photo. 'one after anotha*of the men examined it,buttheyallemphaticallyanaweredthe question in the nogat ve Walsh was at the camp doing cook's duty, and when he saw it later on he wa. of the same opinion as the rest. ' If I onoe saw a man like that I should I not forget him in a hurry. That scar would be enough to identify him. No, it 18 a perfect stranger-to me,' he added, handing back the photo. Nonu of the men had the least doubt that the photo, was that of the body beside which it was found. That aeemed too apparent to need argument. The careful way in which the photo, had been kept went far to confirm the supposition. It was highly improbable that one man would so cherish Ihe memory of another as to go to such trouble in keeping his likeness, and so the survey party came to ihe conclusion which any other five intelligent men would arrive at. After a further exhaustive search, and noihiug more being found, the next question was what to do with the re mains 1 It waB eaaily answered. They must be buried. ' We couldn't have a better landmark than this monster here if the police ever require the bones,' said the chief, glancing up at the gigantio stringy-bark tree which uprose beside them. 'There isn't a bigger fellow tor ten miles around, aud as it is right on our trenchant-peg to the north, we can easily find it again. We'll dig a grave just oil the track there and put the bones to rest. Get your spades, ladw, and let us make a start.' Weaton went back aud returned with a pick and a couple of spades, and dig ging operations began. 1 I'll peel 'ff a couple of sheets of hark. We can put one under and the other above the bones so ss to keep them together if they are ever wanted,' said EdwardB. He went round the huge tree to get a suitable part to strip, when became upon the identical Bpot where the large sheet found on top of the skeleton was taken from, and calling his comrades, they examined it. The whole of the party wer« good bushmen, and they soon ar rived at thn conclusion that not more than three yeans had elapsed since the tree was denuded of part of its covering. That at leaBt wbb something proved, though as Weston said, the body might have lain at the Bpot for months or even yeara before the bark was thrown over it. 'This man may have been dead for years when Guns wandering blacks dropped acrosB it and so placed the bark. If white men had done it we would probably have heard of the dis covery, but you may depend that Euro peans had nothing to do with the affair. In the first place they wonld have found the tin-box, snd secondly they would have buried the corpse somehow. If the bones are those of a white man, as I fully believe them to be, then they have never before be Keen by a white person. A stray black haB put the bark there,' Weaton argued. His comrades did not think it worth while to dispute the aaaertion, though they did not at all believe the theory. Yet in a manner they were almost forced to the same conclusion, for if a white man had so kindly endeHvoured to give sepulture to the corpse, why was the matter never reported to the authorities? There were two answers to this. Either the good Samaritan had himself subse quently perished in the trackless wilds, or he was interested in not giving such information. The latter, of course, insinuated that murder had been com mitted, though if that were the case it was difficult to understand why con sideration should be shown to the corpse when only violence was offered it in life. In a settled district a murderer has reasons for trying to hide the visible evidences of his guilt, but not so in that far distant jungle of the north-west as it was in 184G. The first theory was the more probable. There had been a party of two or more explorera, and death had overtaken them for their hardihood in venturing into such a desolate region without a proper base of operations such as a government survey party main tained. It was very likely, indeed, that the expedition, if such it was, had not been properly equipped, as the fsot that no report of two or more men having dis appeared had ever reached the authori ties so far as Edwards or his men were aware. That would indicate a poor and badly arranged party, for if they had not friends or relatives on the island who would be interested in their fate, they mUBt be indeed friendless. These and a score of other thoughts floated through the minds of the men as they arranged the bones for burial. At the aaggestion of Jones, the boots and every fragment of clothing whioh could be found were secured in order that they might assist, if need be, to identification. The skull was aIbo carefully examined to ascertain if there were any signs of violenoe, but it was perfeotly sound and intaot. When all was completed, one of the sheets of bark cut off by Edwards was laid in the bottom of the grave, and pieoe by pieoe the bones were arranged in as perfect shape as possible. It was a gruesome task, especially under the cir cumstances and amidBt auch surround ings, but the men were not unused to rough and weird scenes, and in half an hour all that remained to show that anything unuaual had occurred at the spot was a small mound of freshly-turned earth at the foot of the giant tree. ' Well, lada, we can do no more. Let ub make a mark on this tree, giving the date on which the bones were found, and who by. It ia not impossible that death may overtake the whole of us in this region before we have a chance to give information of our find, and then usefnl newB might be lost to the authorities,' epoke the leader. 1 God forbid that we should have to go nnder in such a place aa this. I don't suppose it matters much to a man where he dies— when he ia dead — but while alive I shall do my beBt to keep so, especially until I get back to civilisation. This isn't even a fit plaoe for a bandicoot to die in,' returned Jonea with a laugh. In the meantime Eeenan, who was a fine axeman, had blaized a portion of the tree, and began outting the day and date, and underneath the name of Evan Edwards and his party. It was done in the usual survey style, and that accom plished, the work of traok- outting was resumed. The Irishman was somewhat afraid of the dead, though no living man oonld frighten him, and many a time daring the day he cast glances towards the foreat giant where the unknown lay in his eternal sleep at its base. 'To Be CoMTrmniD. 