Jagglin and his Bant Holiday. Jagglin was known in his City office as 1 The Sheep.' It was a huge establishment, devoted to the management of au export business. Most of tee clerical work was done on the spaoious ground floor, but a few of the departments were located in dim upper rooms and regions, where the ghosts of dead accountants seemed to walk. The manage ment was not very strict in those days, and eo there were afternoons of roval hilaritv in parts of the building. None of the tradi tions of staid, aeoorous Oity offices were respected. By some curious law of social gravitation, a host of rollicking Bohemian characters had drifted there to try the refuge of clerical quill-driving, after wann ing and burning both hands before the fire of life in many quarters of the globe. One was a respectable violinist, and, incredible though it may seem, the notes of his fiddle might be beard full often in the sleepy afternoons in the upper rooms, and even on the ground floor, when the heedless head olerk was either drinking over the way, or sleeping in any out-of-the-way corner. Yea, there were days of royal revelry in that queer refug* of sinners, the Koh-i-Noor Export Oompaoy, Limited. Jagglm'a feaeiaAaa w&a; to-hfetp hrcheoktug ' tbe weekly returns from certain agents ana collectors. Jagglin was unpopular, because he was conscientious and a grind. He kept to his desk and his pen the live-long day. He never joined in any revelry, in any practical joking; he never laughed at a flash of humour, he never went for a spree, he never smiled, he never heeded anything in particular. He wore a crushed and worried look, whioh, as one of the Bohemian * clerks* remarked, the Devil, Dr. Faustus, and an amateur photographer could not change if they tried till Doomsday. He worked on listlessly while his fellow clerks discussed on the 8aturday their Whit-Monday arrangements, and choice of the Crystal Palace, 'Appy Ham stead, the nearest racecourse, Aamsgate, Margate, Brighton, or Herue Bay. * Blow me,' said the uproarious Smithson at last, ( I'll not go for the holiday till I make this nightmare Jagglin laugh. Or I'll stand drinks all round if any man can do it. Done it must be somehow. Curse it, I can't stand it any longer, this moon-faced melancholy of hiB.1 At that moment Jackson, the violinist, struck up the merriest time be could imagine, the others started an impromptu dance Smithson hauling out Jagglin and whirling him round in a wild whirl which threatened every moment to send him off at a tangent ! against the door or the wooden boards, i But it was no use. Jagglin was nonplussed to be sure, but his expression of sheepish stolidity was more pronounced than ever; Smithson lostjpatienoe. Tbe mad whirl ceased. Smithson rushed to his desk, produced a big bottle of whisky, t-nd while two others held down Jagglin, and Jackson played * Drink, Puppy, Drink,* he poured an intolerable quantity of the fiery liquid down Jagglin's throat. Jagglin rose to his feet, and looked wildly about him. He lurch: ^ backward, he lurched forward. Then i e ^ave a wild, unearthly yell that rang shnily through the building, and made lazy clerks leap from their seats downstairs. Smithson, Jackson, and the company roared. But in a moment their faces changed. The head olerk opened the door, nnd looked sternly At group. The ringleaders in the little episode looked nearly as sheepish as Jajrglin was wont to look. On the present occasion, for the first time in their history, Jagglin was the first to break a painful silence. 4 Wet-wei- welcome, old-old-Plato to our in-infer-infernal regions,' he said, huskily, lurching violently against -the obief dark. The impact seemed to madden * Doa?s. and-fcnd-devils,' sir,' he shouted, * do you stand in a gentleman's way— do-you— — P* But before be could get farther, chief olerk had struck him a resounding blow on the nose. Blood flowed forthwith. Jagglin put a hand to the damaged organ, and then held the hand forth covered with blood, as he cried dramatically, 4 Ob, that thia were for straggling humanity !' As the listeners roared in one wild chorus of laughter, a fury se'uned to seize poor Jagglin. He rushed forward, struck the chief clerk blow for blow, rolled with him on the floor, rolled through the doorway, down the stairs, rolling on the landing, down the next stairs, the while the Qf every department in the building straggled rnnnd f/i oet a vlitnnaa nf *tin fray. Jagglin's state and stupor made the ; struggle a really ludicrous one. A dozen times he beat the air or the hall 'jjfasd of 1 his opponent. His language was chaotic ; but his opponent was grimly silent. On and on the straggle went, tiu the combatants were thorougly exhausted, and Jagglin could beat the air no. more. Two clerks kindly saw him home to ' his suburban cottage. His old maiden aunt, who had tyrannised over him since the day he was left an orphan in her charge, had almost a fit when saw his state. Bat the long-meek Jagglin meant to stand no nonsense. He lashed her with a scornful tongue. She went upstairs and lay on her favourite conch in deepest hysterics. Ail Sunday Jagglin was sullen and sulky. On Monday meaning he was worse. Aunt Maud could endure it no longer. She flew into a passionate fit of weeping, then took down her be«t bonnet, sallied forth, sought the excursion train at Herne foe Margate. By this time the whole street had heard of JagglinV outbreak. But while many cronies discussed it. in various moods and Jagglin went put into the pleasant little hack gariea, threw himself on the seat in Aunt Maud's summer-house, end «Lept the - sleep of the just, flnnr affar limir gIMaj wokenot Many a time a pair of bright eyes pemed ova the vdl from the adjoining garden, and a troubled light filled them when there was no sign of Jaftgiin. ° Kate Green was keeping jiousa that day. and her fifwt was iBatease. Once as she peeped, a surprise was in rtore 'for her. Jagglin had woJte bpj ^and was peeping also. Tbeir iacea almost snsk over the same point of the wall. Jagglin jumped; *33i to ihe latter and seized £Cste in his arms. - ~ . * Katie/ he cried, wildly, * X never *ania ' teUrou efinr fovetOincw/ ^ Katie WW no word.' Her! heart almost j fipflRftd to beat, so great was her terror, * or at that interesting moment four of 'Jagglin's office comrades appeared in the garden,1 led by his aunt, who had returned in time to , admit them. She had missed th* excursion train. Sate flew sobbing to her own house. Jagglin looked sheepish onoe moreT The^ clerks offered a thousand oongrattflatioSisr Jagglin swore in most nngentlemanly fashion. When they rallied him ton his fight with the chief, hie face' fell. Sorely that 'meant summary dismissal on Tuesday. '^That meant poverty and 'worry. And Eatle!-^ But they shortened his agony. 'The. chief was as drunk as yourself, Jagglin, and he remembers nothing. We eaw hha to-day.* ^ As a matter of fact the chief danced at -Jagglin's and Katie's wedding a month later.— W. P. B. 