THE NOVELIST. "UNDER A CLOUD." CHAPTFR V. Never had I stood there before on such a night, or with such a heavy heart. I wished that I had not come, and yet I was afraid to go. Tho darkness had had closed in upon mo till l could almost feel it, and knowing that a ainglo step in the wrong direction might cost mo my life I dare not move. Suddenly the heaviness of tho atmosphere was explained. Tho sky above me seemed to be rent aside to let out n great blazo of vivid light which flashed, glittering and fiercely brilliant, right across tho arc of the heavens, sinking at lost into tho horizon of tho sea which it showed mo for a moment with a lurid light, green and disturbed. Almost on its heels came the thunder, and I trembled as I listened. It seemed as if tho hills were ono by one splitting open with a great crash all around mo, and the ground on which I stood shook. And tho lightning was scattered all over tho inky sky, giving me ghastly peeps at sections of the patch- worky landscape below, and once it flashed down the conductor of Porlock steeple, showing mo tho little town as distinctly as I had over seen it. A gale sprung up with marvellous suddenness ; the moaning of the pine trees became aii angry shrieking, and tho roar of the sea far away below became a deafening thunder. Black clouds and grey mists camo rolling along, sometimes envoloping mc, and sometimes passing so close above my head that I could feel their moisture, and, by stretching out my hand, could almost have touched them. Every now and then above tho storm I could hear the piteous bleating ot tne mountain sheep, as they rushed frantically about seeking in vain for shelter which the bare hillside could not afford them. For the rain was coming down in sheets, blinding, driving sheets, and already the swollen mountain streams were making themselves heard above all tho din, as they swept down into Porlock valley. Before the storm had even commenced to die away I had thrown myself face downwards on the wet grass, and was praying. A strange idea has flashed into my mind, and hod suddenly became a conviction. Tliis storm had somehow associated itself in my mind with a sudden sense of gloomy depression which hod laid hold of me, and driven me out into the block night. As one ended, so would the troubles which the other foretold. It was a strange idea, but it was stranger still what a mastery it gained over me. I dared not look up least I should still see a threatening sky and an angry sea. If such had been the case, I am convinced that I should have been strongely tempted to have thrown myself from tho cliffs into the arms of certain death. But when at last I summoned up courage to rise, and gaze fearfully around, it was a very different sight upon which we my eyes dwelt. So strangely different that at first itsecmedalmost as though the hideous storm which had been raging so short a -nrhiln aao must surelv have been a wild nightmare. The dark lino of the Dart moor hills was betopped with a gorgeous Rank- of rosy-eolourod clouds, and tho sun which had just escaped from them was shining down from a clear sky, gilding and transforming the whole landscape like some great migician. The white cottages of Porlock seemed basking in its pleasant warmth, whilst the fields between it and the sea seemed to be stretchiag themselves out smiling and refreshed. Here and there, scattered about amongst them, and on the white sandB, were sparkling streaks of silver, which bore witness of the violence of tho rainfall j the tops of tho pine trees, amongst which the wind was no longer playing strange pranks, seemed encrusted in a gliting mass of diamonds, which shot forth tiieir rays in every direction; and, strangest of all, seemed the altered aspect of the sea. It stretched away below me like a great lake, with only the gentlest ripple disturbing the pallid surface, a mighty playground for myraids in dancing, sparkling sunbeams to the revel and disport themslves upon. Never had I seen the hills so green or the sea such an exquisite deep, clear blue. Everything seemed to speak of peace and calm and happiness after suffering. It struck an answering chord in my heart, and I could have cried out with joy. The hideous depression seemed rolled away from me, and I could breathe freely again. My spirits leaped up within me, and I threw my liat into the air and shouted for joy till Allercombe Wood rang with tho echoes. Then I turned away and strode down the narrow winding path, suddenly conscious that I was still and wet and tired. If I had known then when and how I should next stand on Bossington Point, should I ever have comedown! I cannot tell. CHAPTER VI an INTERRUPTED ADDIiESS. Imagine a long, bare-looking apartment with whitc-wahed walls and generally cheerless appearance, in one corner of which had been pusliod aside black boards, piles of maps, and other evidences of tho school- room. Seated on benches which reached to the entrance door was a very fair sprinkling of tho Porlock labourers and tradespeople, whose healthy red faces were shining with soap and expectation, and whose whole appearance denoted a livoly and creditable desire to bo enligh tened on the very important subject which they had come to hear discussed. If any one was interested in the land question surely they were, for they all lived either upon it or by it, except a few whose nautical garb betrayed another occupation, and whose presence was the subject of a great deal of good-humoured cbaffbefore the proceedings opened. 'Eb, Bill,' cried one of tho land toilers whom I knew, for he worked nt Farmer Smith's up at Bossington, 'what dost want know about t'land, eh. This'll noa teach thee how to catch fish. 'Never thee moind aboot that, Joe,' was the good-humoured answer, ' we want ' : noabody to tench us how to catch fish, we don't. I come t hear what the bloke Minebead's got to za y 'bout you poor de'ls >"' -o' landsmen just out o' curiosity like. 'Coom, Bill, I like tliat,' returned the U first speaker. 'Poor de'ils, indeed. , Bean't we as well off us you vishers, eh. ; ' < jtfoa of course you bean't. How can yor be when every voot of land yor tread on belongs to your maosters. Why, wc can go railing away vor days on the zea, lads, and we've as much right there as any other voino gentleman in his steam yacht. T' zea belongs to us, zall, yer zco. and wo as goes visaing ha' got as muoh roigh tho'cr as any one, I reckon wo'vo got tho best o' you landsman there, oh, Bill. Ha, ha, ha' To my deep regret this interesting dis cussion was here brought to a suddon ter mination by tho appearance of my father, the lecturer, and tho committee upon the platform. Instantly there was a deep silence, for country audiences, in that respect, are far hotter bred than town ones, in tho midst of which my father, in a few kindly well-chosen words, intro duced them. When ho resumed his chair thore was a burst of ftpplauso (Devonshire men are generous with their hands and feot), at retired lincndraper from Minehoad, stepped forward. Of course, his doing so was tho signal for another little round of of cheering, during which ho atood rustl ing his papers about, edging down his cuffs, and making desperate efforts to appear at his ease, which lie most certainly was not. At last ho made a start, and in less than five minutes I found myself devoutly wishing that ho would look sharp and finish. Tho land question may be an immensely interesting one — no doubt it is ; but when it con sists in having long strings of depressing statistics hurled mercilessly at you by a nervous little ex-vendor nf calico, who made a point of dropping his li's, you can very soon have enough of it. Before long I saw my father politely stifle a yawn — a piece of delicacy which I, not being upon the platform, did not think it necessary to imitate. JLhe audience behaved admirably. The painful efforts written on tho faces of most of them to appear intelligently interested were quite affecting, and at exactly the proper moments they never failed to bring in a little encouraging applause. I'm quite sure thero wasn't ono of them who under stood a word of what the man was saying but they were evidently charitably inclined to put this down to their own stupidity rather than to tho incompetence of the lecturer. He had been droning on for about half an hour, when a slight commotion caused by the noisy entrance of some late-comers led me to turn my head. Instantly my spirits rose, for I foresaw a row. Tho new- comers were all Luccombc men, and between the men of Luccombc and the men of Porlock there oxisted a deadly enmity. They were rivals in sport and also in politics, for whilst Luccombc boosted a Radical club, Porlock was distinctly Conservative. The arrival of these Luccombites, therefore, was most promising, for they certainly had iiot come out of compliment to their neigh bours, and I took an early opportunity of changing my seat for one nearer tho back of the room, so as to bo in the fun in case there should be any. It certainly seemed as tnougn some thing would come of it. There were several strangers amongst tho new-comers and ono white-faced man, with continually blinking eyes and stupid, vacuous face, and every now and then he gave vent to his feelings by a prolonged animal cry which afforded the most exquisite amuse ment to his companions, and never failed to produce the utmost consternation in the lecturer's startled face. I don't know why it was so, but I took a violent dislike to that man the moment I saw him. He was so ugly, so like an animal, besides which he was evidently half drunk. Ho seemed of a different species altogether to the broad-shouldered, ruddy- faced, good-humoured Devonshire men by whom he was surrounded, and a very inferior species, too. After a while my attention was dis tracted from him to the other Luccombites who were evidently bent upon breaking up the meeting. The lecturer was by no means the sort of man to defy the uproar, and insist upon finishing what lie hod to say. After a vory mild protest, the meekness of which caused a howl of derison from the peaco breakers, he brought his lecture to an abrupt close and sat down. Then my father rose, and spoke a few stern reproving words which had an infinitely better effort. But I was too occupied in watching the extraordinary beliavionr of the white-faced man from Luccombe to listen to them. He had half risen to his feet, and was leaning over the back of one of the benches with his eyas and mouth wide open, staring with a stupidly- bewildered look at my father. Suddenly ho turned around to his companions. ' Say, lads would you like to see mo shut that joker up ! ' I felt hot with indignation, but I kept still. 'Ay, Jack, or Thomas, or whatever your name is,' answered one of the Luc combites, 1 give him a cock-a-doodle-do.' The man smiled an ugly, sickly smilo. ' I'll do better than that,' ho muttered. ' Listen, you 'ere,' and, leaning forward, lie shouted out one word at the top of his voice — ' Yah ! coward ! ' I saw my father reel backwards as though ho were shot, and tho word ho was uttering died away upon his lips. For a moment I hesitated whether to rush to him or at the man who had yelled out that word. But ono glance at his ugly, triumphant face decided me. With two rapid strides I was across tho room, and my hand was on his collar. ' Come on ! ' I shouted, 1 come along ! ' He turned his fishy eyes up at mo in amazement. ' What d'ye wont 1 What d'ye mean V he called out. ' Let me go, you young cub, you 1 You're choking me.' ' I'll do worse than choke you before I've done,' I cried, passionately. , Como outside and fight you groat beast,' and I dragged him half across tho floor, for he was striving to free himself and shaking like a jellyfish. Tho audience had sat quite still in their places until now, only half realising what was going on. But at my words it seemed suddenly to dawn upon them, and they crowded around us with a full appreciation of my intended action. ' Let him lie, Macster Hugh ; we'll bring him along,' they cried heartily, for thero was not ono whom I did not know. 'We won't let him go, no fear. Who lie 'e to call Maester Arhutluiot names ?' The man whom I jealously released Bhook-himself sulkily and slouched along in tho rniddlo of tho crowd towards the door. ' I don't want to bo let go,' ho sneered. ' If tho boy wants a whipping I'll give it 'im. Most liko his father though, and won't stand' up to it.' My blood was boiling, but I would not answer ; thore wcro others to speak for me, though. 1 You'd best keep thnt d tonguo of yours fro' wagging in yer ugly mouth,' cried Jim Holmes the blacksmith. 'Tho lad's i' tho right to stand up for his father, and, boy or no boy, lie's liko to make a jelly-bag o' you. Bring him on to tho green, lad's.' Thoy brought him on to tho green, and quickly formed a ring. Tho policeman, who was presont as a delighted spectator, and who never dreamt of interfering, was good onough to hold my coat and waist coat, whilst my adversary, unable to find any ono willing to porform tho same kind office for him, had to deposit his on tho ground. Ho seemed in no hurry to declaro himself ready, but at last the words was given, and wo stood face to face. Even then he held up his hands for a minute's longer grace, and stared at mo as though I were a ghost. ' My God ! ' ho muttered to himself, 1 it's Mr. Herbert's own self 1 It's just as ho looked at me in tho tent ; ' and he stared at mo as though frightened, yet fascinated. Then wo began. Of course I am not going to describe tho fight. If wo had been alone I should probably have killed him. As it was, they held mc off by sheer forco when they thought that lie had had enough, nnd there was life still in him when I turned away, followed by in enthusiastic little crowd. But not much. I went straight to tho schoolroom. It was deserted, and the gas was turned down. From ono of tho loiterers outside I heard thnt my father had gone home, and hastily bidding good-night to the little crowd who still hung about my heels I followed in tho same direction. I had thought that I should have over taken iny father, and at every turn of tho lane I looked forward to catching sight of him. But I was disappointed, and when I at last reached homo without having done so, I began to feel nervously uneasy. I did not at onco enter tho house but looked in at the window. My niotlior and Marian were alone, working. 1 looked through into the hall. Neither his hat nor coat were there. Ho could not havo yet returned. And when I realised this I stepped back on to tho lawn, pale and shivering, for a horrible foreboding had laid hold of me. "What could have become of him ? Where could ho have gone 1 I could not imagine, I dared not conjecture. CHAPTER VII. ' I AM TOLD." " Master Hugh." I had been leaning against a tree on tho lawn, afraid to enter tho house, yet know ing that there was nothing elso for mo to do. At the sound of a voico close to my elbow I turned quickly round and found myself face to face with our solitary man servant, a raw country yokel with the garb and manners of a plonghboy. 4 Maester Hugh, dos't thee want t' master 1 ' ' Ay, William, have you seen him ! ' I cried. 'That I have, Maester Hugh, and it seemed to me that he had gone off 'is chump like. Ho coom down tho lane 'bait quarter of an hour ago, and instcat o' cooming t' house, blamed if he didna turn in at 'varmer Zinith's gate and he a gono up thccr/'and the boy pointed to the dark outline of tho headland which towered up above us. I sprang away from him, over tho low wall, and up tho steep winding path, with a reckless speed which frightened William out of tho very few wits with which nature had endowed hint, and bereft liim of all words. I had but ono idea, to get to tho top as quickly as possible, and but ono hope, that I might find him there when I arrived. I was a trained climber, and I did that night what I had never done before — I forsook the path and clambered right up tho precipitous side of the hill, helping myself with hands and feet, heedless that a slip must cost mo my life, and between my short, quick grasps for breath faltering out a prayer that I might be in time. It was granted. As I readied tho last ridge, and swung myself on to the summit, grasping with my bleeding hands a friendly heather bush, 1 saw my father kneeling on the ground closo to tho edge of the cliff, with his coat and hat thrown on one side, and his nrms stretched out to the sea. In a moment I was beside him, and as my hand descended on his shoulder nnd closed upon him with a firm grasp, I drew a long sigh of relief. 'Father, what docs all this mean!' I cried. 4 What are you doing hero ! Thank God that I havo found you.' Ho started as though ho wero shot, and tried to shrink away from me. But I would have none of it. I dropped on my knees by his side, and locked my arm in his. ' Father, tell mo all about it,' I pleaded. ' Something terrible happened a long while ago, and that man who was thero to- night knew about it. Am I not right! Tell me all about it ; I am not afraid to hear.' Ho shivered from head to foot, and his face looked ghastly cold. I reached out my hand for his coat, and mado him put it on. ' Hugh, my poor boy, I had meant to tell you this, but I novcr dreamt that this would como. I thought that I was safo here — away from every ono.' 1 Let mo know it,' I begged. 4 Ay, listen. When I was not much older tkan you are, I entered tho army.' I could not keep back the exclamation which rose to iny lips. Had I not always thought that he had been a soldier! ' At my first liattio I unwisely deserted my post to save tho life of tho man whom wc saw on Exmoor last night, and whoso servant was at tho mooting this evening. After tho fighting was over I was charged with rnnning away. I thought lightly of it, and appealed at onco to tho roan whoso life I had saved to como forward with his sevant, but, to my horror, they both deliberately perjured themselves. They swore that they had only seen me running away, and I was fouud guilty, guilty of cowardice — was eashiored, ruined, disgraced for life, and, but for your mother, I should have killed myBolf.' Tho tears wero swimming in my eyes, and I tightened my grasp upon his arm. 4 Father, why did ho do it!' He sprang to his feet, his eyes ablazo with fury, and his voice shaking — 4 That he might oust me from my homo and my fathor's heart — tho cur — and take my position. Wo wero half-brothers, and I was tho elder. My father loved mo and cared little for Rupert. Ho was jealous. Ah, I can see it all now, and seized this opportunity of ruining mo and getting rid of mo for over. He succeeded. Every one believed mo guilty. My father turned mo out of tho house, bado me chango my name, and forget thnt I was ft — ono of a noble family. From that day to this I have never looked upon his face or seen my old homo. Your mother alono believed in me, refused to desert me, and, but for that, I must have died. Oh, God, it has beon cruel.' Ho covered his faco with his hands, and great Bobs burst from him. My heart was beating with a passionate pity, but I could not tell how to comfort him. ' Father, you know thnt I do not bcliovo this tiling,' I cried. 4 Toll me tho name of the man who has sworn to this wicked lie.' 'The same as your own and mine. Dovercux. Rupert Devereux. Curso him ! On his head bo the sin of this thing if sin there be ! Good-bye, my boy ; good-bye, Hugh ! ' He had made a sudden movement to tho edgo of tho cliff, and it was only by a stupendous efiort that I caught hold of him in time. 1 Fnthor, what would you do 1' 1 cried. 4 Are you mad 1' I caught hold of him by the waist, and U,ttOb . Jlllll V11V.IV tiuill » I position. Ho submitted without protest ing — without speech of any sort. Looking into his face a great fear camo upon me. Wero my words prophetic, nnd was he indeed going madl Thero was a dreamy, far- away look in his glazed eyes, a look which frightened mo more than a wilder ono would linvo done, and his faco was liko tho face of a corpse. Then, with a deep groan, his knees would havo given way from under him, but that I still held him up. Ho was unconscious. CHAPTER VIII. "my vow." How wo readied home that night I could never exactly tell. I know that I hnlf carried, half supported him down the narrow path, and at last managed to reach the door of onr house. But it was no easy task, nnd for some minutes I stood thero panting and exhausted beforo I could bring myself to summon any one. Then my mother, who had been sitting up anxiously, heard us, and came hurrying out full of eager inquiries. But I had no strength left to answer her, and when sho saw my father's stato sho ceased her questioning, for sho knew at onco what had hnppcned. For tliroo whole days and nights lie was only partially conscious. Then ho fell into a heavy sleep, which tho doctor whom wo had summoned from Minchead assured us was his salvation ; and so it turned out, for on the fourth day lie recovered con sciousness, and within a week ho was up, and looked much as usual, 6ave for tho worn, troubled look in his eyes, nnd tho deeper lines on his forehead. On the first nftcrnoon when ho was allowed to talk, my mother was alone with him for several hours. Tlicn sho came' out, and fotched mo in from tho garden and took mo to him. 4 Hugh, my boy,' he said slowly, looking up from his desk, ' wo are making our plans for the future. We arc going to leave here at once.' I was not surprised, and I was certainly not displeased. For although I loved our country homo and the quaint homely people by wlioin wo were surrounded, I could never look upon Bossington Head land again without a shudder, when I remembered tiow nearly it had witnessed a terrible tragedy. ' Your mother and I thought of travel ling abroad fur a while,' he went on. 4 1 shall never lie able to settle down any- whero again. But with you it is different. You ought to go to college and choose a profession. Whether you do so or not must depend ujion one thing. I myself shall never resurao the name which I am supposed to have disgraced, hut if you choose to do so there is nothing to prevent you. You will havo to bear a certain amount of odium, but it is not every one who will visit my disgrace upon you. You will be poor, hut altougli my fathor will never leave either of us a penny ho cannot prevent the titlo coining to me, and cventunlly to you. The entailed estates which go with tho title are very small, and I hear that ho has purposely mortgaged them up to tho hilt, so that nothing should ever come to mo from them. Iiut if you chooso to bear your sightfui nnino you will claim a place amongst ono of the oldest aiul most honourable families in tho country, you can go to college, nnd some how or other wo will find tho monoy to start you in one of tho professions, but not in tho nrmy.' 4 And if I cltoo.se to bear still the nnmo I havo always done !' ' Then you will not bo able to go to college, or to enter any of the professions,' my fathor answered, 4 You call do neither under au assumed name.' I walked up and down the room for a minute or two thinking. My mind was soon made up. 4 1 will not bear any name that you do not,' I declared, firmly. 4 If my grandfather thinks that you nro not worthy to bear the namoofDovoroux, neither will I, unless tho time shall come when ho and the wholo world shell know the truth, and you shall tako your name again : I will never coll myself anything elso but Hugh Arhutluiot.' My fathor strotched out his hand, and looked up at mo with glistening eyes. 4 Spoken liko a man, Hugh,' ho said. 4 God grant that day may como 1' ' Amen !' I added, forvontly. 1 And coma it shall I' (to nir continued.) 