CHRISTftf ASTIDE, This picturesque festival is with us once again. Down the centuries it comes anew as it has come since the night whereon the Angels sang " Glory to God in the highest, and on eartli paace, good will toward men." What hallowed and what tender associations invest the gracious time. We wonder sometimes what the mind of man will be like when this little globe of ours has been all explored, and its contents, organic and inorganic, named and catalogued, and analysed, and, under the. keen, penetrative eye of science, reduced to hard, dry, unimpeachable fact. When the quality of imagination is abstracted from the mind, how monotonous and prosy must life become. No Santa Claus, no fairios, no giants, no ghosts, no visitors at all from another world, what shall the little children do—what shall the big ones think ? The Christmas festival has escaped the fate of many festivals of the olden time, which live 110 more save in the fading memories of the aged, •who in their younger days gloried in their weird customs and mystic rites. .And its observances will doubtless survive the advent of that historic New Zealander of McCauley's, who has yet to sketch the ruins of St. Pauls, sitting on London bridge. To-day it is still welcomed by millions of toil-worn men and women. The happy time of Yule brings some little relaxation to the bent bow, and something in the nature of an armistice in the struggle for existence. The old, accustomed to many workdays and holidays, are inclined to take a sober view of the arrival of another milestone on the road to the final destination. The young, with the remembrances of few years in the retrospect, and an unlimited number of holidays apparently before them, re- . joice in a respite from school lessons, and the prospect of receiving gifts from that special friend and protector of children, Sc. Nicholas, better known as Santa Claus. It is hoped that that venerated and mysterious personage may pay his expected visit to the small folk of Cowra and district, or, if he is more than usually busy, that h3 will leave instructions to his particular friend Father Christinas to act as a very generous and considerate substitute. And, speaking about the latter personage who, as to his dress is represented in Australia in most unsuitable habilaments, the time has surely arrived when Australians should make up a Father Christmas jnore in keeping with the climate than the old gentleman who has come from the North Pole to tin's southern land via Europe. A writer of the early forties, dealing with the Australian year, said with regard to the month of December: " The Christmas dinner is eaten with open doors and windows, the thermometer standing at 85° in the shade. Hot winds now and then, generally followed by a southerly wind and a cloudy sky. Thunder, lightning, and rain at intervals. The locust in full voice splitting the ears of the groundlings" and congregating on the oaks and gum trees in myriads." On the whole, however, there is less to cavil ahoufr in the climatic conditions of this country at this time than our brethren in the northorn antipodes have to suffer from. The heat usually encountered here, is not so deadly as the Arctic blasts which freeze the life-blood of the poor and aged in northern countries, and which are often suddenly followed by milder weather; each alterations of temperature as have given rise to the old proverb that "a green Yule '' makes a fat ehurchyard.'• The great increase in conveniences for travelling, which has become euch a feature of the present time enables Australians who have the means, to temper, by a change of climate, the midsummer heat. Australians need not, therefore, hanker, to the extent of depressing their spirits, after the -oldfashioned accompaniments of a northern winter, the fipt being Hthat tha conditions of their country are more in accord than those of England : with the climate of that land where the Shepherds watched their flocks by night, when, On wheels of light, on wings of flame, the glorious hosts of Zion came," with that supreme TOessaga to tlx* slumbering world. With regard to that message, peace has not yQt estendsa her oiive wings over th<j world., War's rude alarums have sounded in other lands within the year—fortunately with but little dislocation of the machinery of progress in our own—and though the nations may be said to be at peace for the present, it is problematical how long that peace may remain unbroken. The nations have not yet beaten their swords into ploughshares, and the time must always be an anxious one when the vanity, the aggressive selfishness, or some other motive of a despot 1 may prompt him to cry " havoc," and let slip the dogs of war. Many of the great nations, however, even some who only in the last resort would have recourse to the dire arbitrament ot war, are groaning under the weight of their unused armour. It is a source of satisfaction that, notwithstanding the strong tendency of the military element to engage in warfare, the fear of consequences is not the only incentive to the preservation of international peace. Undoubtedly the sacredness of human life is now better realised than formerly. Neither are the nations quite oblivious of the fact that the prosperity of one country is conducive to that of another. If the admission be made and conceded that each community has its own work to do, and that it alone can do it, there will be fewer dangerous exhibitions of that national jealousy which has piled up enormous debts in every country of Europe, and made of much of thenfair territory a soldiers' cemetery. 4s for Australia, all it seeks is to be let alone ; to keep the even tenour of its way; to work out its own destiny ; and to perform in the'se southern seas the task which Providence has allotted to it. It is sincerely to be hoped that it may never be rudely hindered in that good work, and that prosperity and peace may go hand in hand within its borders. May its empire indeed be peace, and let enlightenment to its own interests, and also to those of others, be the guiding policy of its rulers and people. To all who read these lines *'e convey our best wishes for their prosperity, not only in many festive seasons, but throughout die years ; and hope that to-morrow's dawnjjwili usher in a very happy Christmas. 