A. Fin-de-Siecls Flay. The publie have been given and hare ^avidly received some strong and gory plays during the present decade, bat Barely "The Conquerors' will, by its overpowering sensualism, put such a climax on the craze as to prodace a much needed and wholesome reaction, says a capable and not captious critic. Revolting as it is, there is no ring of truth in ' The Conquerors,' either in the motives of the piece or in the details, which are historically inaecurate and false to nature. Probability is outraged, good feeling is outraged, and the heroine of the piece only narrowly escapes being outraged. -German officers are represented as disgusting fern tea; and the French character is hardly less grievously misrepresented. If I may trust my memory, the point of the very story from which Mr Potter has drawn part of bis tale of the •terrible year' of the Franco-Prussian war \is that patriotic sentiment was not absent from the women of the class with whom we see the German officers making merry in the first act. This sort of thing is a public insult to the foreigner The intrigue of the piece turns upon the design of a German officer, Eric von Rodeck, to violate Yvonne de Graudpre, at whose chateau a number of German officers are quartered. In the second act the attempt to comtnit rape is shown with circnmstaBtial theatricality, and there is not even a spark of excitement in the whole business, of which the nastiness is not so overpowering as the dulness. I sometimes wonder that self-respecting actors and actresses can be found to take part in such scenes. There was an episode in one of Henry Arthur Jones' plays of 'two men playing cards, the villian staking hiB wife against the hero's money ; Mr Potter does better than that—or worse. Three officers throw dice for the privilege of dishonoring Yvonne at a cabaret, where she is discovered by Rodeck, to whom she falls. The agonised Yvonne, finding all means ef escape cut off, when Rodeck turns down the lights and pockets the keys of all the doors, resigns herself to the worst and swoons. Rodeck is then suddenly seised with remorse, and he leaves the place. The drunken keeper of the cabaret finds Yvonne there, and attempts to rob her, for he also is a lustful wretch, and ready to do anything for money—anything, apparently, exoept sell his wines to the officers when they come to his -cabaret. This inconsistency, I imagine, is the effect of tryiog to mitigate the grossness of the seene as it was originally written for the American stage. Rodeck comes back to find the ruffian with Yvonne in his grip, and, all the man in Rodeck rising* he murders him. In the next act Yvonne, looking like a ghost, determines to kill the officer by whom .she imagines herself to have been violated—though the uncertainty in her own mind upon the point suggepts an idea which does not redound to the lady's honor—and she stabs him with a knife. No sooner is this done than she regrets it, and the maiden all forlorn (if I may say so) carries him off to her own room to nurse him. Rodeck by this time has conceived an honorable passion for the lady, and—of all incomprehensible ideas !—she is even more suddenly 6eized with love for him. She has to hide him from her brother, who evades the enemy by dressing himself up as a Prussian officer, and in order to protect her lover, she readily sendB her own brother to his death by closing her door to him when his only mean6 of escape is through her chamber. In the latter half the play changes its tone, and it is no longer dull and ugly, but only rank nonsense; and nonsense i6 not more endurable than nastiness at a theatre of the repute of the St James's. Mr H. V. Esmond, capitally made up as a German officer, who has been paying his addresses to Yvonne's sister, is accepted as her lover, and Yvonne confesses her. love for the regenerate Rodeck. In effect, the position of the Sabine women seems to be exactly reversed, and with German officers engaged to be married to charming Frenchwomon, the wonder is that they don't throw down their arms there and then, and refuse to fight against the French. A nice conception Mr Potter must have of the feeling that existed in ' France in those days 1 The French woman did not live who would have married a Prussian. The play was received with great applause, but audiences at a first performance are not very discriminating, and the production of ' The Conquerors' seems to me an occasion for plainspeaking by those who are not least concerned for the interests of the stage and of the public and of a most deservedly popular manager. The favorite, Onslow, certainly won the Birthday Cup alright, but it was a very narrow squeak. I (' Caulfieldite ') fully expected to see Euglo win, but it was a big thing to aBk the son of Fraud to go to the front in the pouring rain, lead all the way, and then score a victory. As it was, he was only just beaten on the post by a head, but it is my opinion still that had the conditions of tbe race been less adverse the head would probably have been reversed. Still, I have no wish to detract from the gallant victory ef Onslow, who is a full brother to the last Caulfield Cup disappointment, Trent. The hurdleracer Wongong has been sold to Sir Rupert Clark for . shipment to India. 