LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. TUESDAY, AUGUST 23, 4.30. The PRESIDENT took the Chair. The COLONIAL SECRBTABT laid ou the ... table the report, by the Undersecretary;;; îgot Lauds .on;; the brad- selection for'&âsixQ months endiug^Fune ' 30,189S 5 the report'*,-, of the Board- of ^Management of the Fra-; ^ mantle Hospital; the by-laws of .-the-. Municipalities of -Kanowna, North fre- mantle, and Perth. .. ?;>--v.; HAWKERS AND PEDLARS ACT.. " Mr. E. S." HAYNES moved : "That the subject matter of the petition of .* Paras ".. Toola and others presented' to the House 1. betakehinto consideration in oominittee of the whole, and that the President re-v port to the House on the advisability or" V otherwise of repealing, the .Hawkers- and^ Pedlars Act 1892 Amendment Act J.897.*', ? .v He said that the effect of the -A&elnaing;^ ^Axt^^^iwas hurriedly ba^se^^t^Bipni, ¿¡was that any person who went round 'soli citing orders was hawking. This was a ^contradiction in terms. The Act was .directed against the Indian hawkers. I "Mr. CQNGDON : They have become a {nuisance in the country, f Mr. HAYNES said that the Act should i>e put Sn force as much against the white »opulfttion as against the coloured men. Sioany of the petitioners had fought in the British army in India, and were British subjects. .. Sir. CONGDON seconded the motion. .'' Mr. PARSONS said that a white man tad not equal rights in the country where xhe petitioners came from. Legislators had no right to be sentimental. They were merely trustees for the people here. ?C Mr. MATHESON opposed the motion, lout not for the. reasons given by Mr. Parsons. He held that the Act, which was only passed last session, had not yet had a 'fair trial. There was a groat feeling jthroughout the country against the solici- tation of orders by hawkers. The Bill \- ought to be enforced, and he thought the Minister in charge of tho Department ought to have pressure brought to bear on 'Jiim" with a view to seeing that no pre- ference was given to the white hawkers as ? -against the Indian hawkers. V i Mr. McK AY stated the Bill had been the /means of putting a stop to a great nuis- ance. ... y Mr. PIESSE stated that the Afghan 'hawkers had been defying the law ever "feince the Act had been passed. Tho Act ^jwas -practically a dead letter along the ^district served by the Great Southern rail- way, and the police were notrdoing their 'duty in this connection. Ho hoped the auction would not be agreed to. ¿yMr. E. S. HAYNES briefly replied. He {»leaded for the discussion of the matter in committee, .-and contended that to burk {inquiry was not the action of anEnglish : jman. " y. The House divided on the motion, with the following result : ?\¿ Ayes .12 Noes ... ... ... ... At ,-4i .,:>... - ?¡Jf íí^ority for the motion ... 8 , fi, The following is the division list:-Ayes ÍÍ12) : MeEsrs. Randell, Spencer (toiler), ¿Hackett, McLarty, Kidson, Loton, Richard- son, IflcKay,\R. 8. Haynes, Whitcombe, purges, and Oongdon. Noes (4) : Messrs. jflPiesse (teller), Stone, Matheson, and Parsons, ¿ ' In Committee : ?Mr. R.'%> HAYNES moved: -That in the ópiniolí of iiie Committee the Hawkers find -Pedlars. Act. 1892 Amendment, Act, i$B&ft; should bs; repealed.*' He contended ': ät^meiehgthtth'at the Act was not being :Vidirected-against, the hawkers generally, ^fii^'ó>iii^9tion of. tho ft^érñity i^ly-' That was ¿ot fair, and it should be ' Notified as soon as possible. Mr. PARSONS opposed the motion. He ? 'said that there was no reciprocity with the petitioners from an international point of .view. In nine cases out of ten they were Jaorn outside the Indian border lines. The ' alien pedlar was a nuisance and a menace in the country districts. Mr. BURGES said that the coloured tawkera practically threatened women in the country when they refused to purchase goods. The Act should be given a ifiir trial. ' 'Mr. HAYNES said that if necessary he would alter the motion to provide that the Act should be amended instead of repealed. Punishment could be provided for hawkers using threats. The motion was negatived. : Mr. HAYNES called for a division, but the President stated that no division could be taken, as there was only one " aye." \- Progress was then reported. SELECT'COMMITTEES. \- The time for the bringing up of the re- ports of the select committees on the Criminal Appeal Bill, Bankruptcy Act í Amendment '.Bill, and Interpretation Bill Vwas extended until Thursday. ';., CROWN SUITS BILL; VThe Crown ¿uits'Bill was read a third limo, on the ¡motion of the Colonial Sepre . iary, and passed. 'POLICE ACT AMENDMENT BILL. The Police Act Amendment Bill was, read a third time on the motion of .Mr. B. S. Haynes, passed, and ordered "to be sent on to the Legislative Assembly re- questing their concurrence. PUBLIC EDUCATION BILL. The COLONIAL SECRETARY, in mov- ing" the second reading of the Public Education Bill, said that there had been several amendments of the original. Act since it was passed in 1871. For him to move thejsecond reading of the Bill was somewhat interesting, because he took isome considerable interest in the measure i-which was introduced into the old Legis- lative Council in 1871. Only recently °an 'Act .was passed by which the assisted schools were abolished, compensation being %iven for the cessation' of the grant. The present Bill was virtually the same ss the \- old one up to clause 17. There were " several clauses which had been slightly jjflmeiîçled: -Clause 16, providing- that a .^djatii^t board should consistof not less than ; £Í£e 'hór ftiore -%ban seven -members, had ^e^framed-onjhis suggestion. Some of ^^éídistlitílíi were too large to be worked CëmJàîîà boifrdrof five. Clause Ï7 was the. first' ^^äi^a^^'''äe'^uld^t:>g}^/.wi^ thé1 1 lalfër^tipf~r.4U removing ; 'from 'the ..list j^tçerBDïi3 : who were , to i record their ' VôteB^ioï district boards, those persons .ÂosMÂerested, namely, tho father, mother .-jor-guardian of a child attending the school. Säe did- not, however, propose to make an ?alteration in the qualification at that 'moment.*- "Personally he-was in favour of the election of the district boards, but a ^oüsidöVable saving could be effected if -they- Hrfitk willing to forego the principle of election, .and have the members nomi- nated by^he Governor-in-Council.; Clause* 28Ïîàcl^èn slighltÎ^.ÂlteiPèâ with reference Ío;éh6JÍuties>of 4;hé ^district boards. From j ?^£&8ù^Tp'pwoirôd.be saea^that i¿£&\£ ¡ duties entrusted to the boards were such that if any member were desirous of i carrying,out his duties fully, there were many directions in' which he could be of considerable benefit tb the teachers, the children and the Department generaUy. Clause 39 was a new clause, and provided that where a district had not been consti- tuted the Governor might appoint «ot mora thau three persons as a board of advice. Clause 31 dealt with tho question of even- ing and certain other, schools being main- tained by the Department, and the next clause amongst other things provided for free education. By that it was meant that no fees should be paid for children bo tween six and fourteen years of age at- tending state or provisional schools. It was, however, allowed for the Department to charge fees at the special schools, such as the evening sch o sis and technical sîhools. Clause 38 was a very important one, and it had been considerably altered in the Lower House. With that alteration he did not agree, and he trusted that an opportunity would ba afforded for hon. members to carefully consider it, and that they would re-instata the clause, either in its original form or else in some other form. Taking the lowest grounds, if this clause were not re-instated they would be depriving their children of tho study of a book, the historical and literary value of which they could not speak too highly of. Apart from the religious aspect of the case, to which'he did not wish to refer at the present moment, and on these lower grounds alone, it must be acknowledged that the children ought to be acquainted with those facts of ancient history found both in the Old Testament and the New. This was desirable in every way, and more especially in country districts. Before 1871 they had a system of education which was a very good one. The children were then instructed in primary education very satisfactorily, and from that period the Bible was read in the schools, and lessons were given from it by the teachers. In 1871 an effort was made to expunge the re- ligious element altogether from the Act, and he and the late revered Bishop of Perth (Dr. Hale) and other citizens strongly resented those efforts, and did" their best to obtain what- they did even- tually obtain-a promise that the Bible should be read in the schools without note or comment. It was felt very keenly by the good Bishop that to inflict the stigma of secular, if not heathen, education upon their children would be a disgrace to them as a Christian community. Public meet- ings were .held in Perth, and every effort was made to get a clause inserted, '.in .the Act - providing for instruction from the Bible.. Lri893^an alteration was made. He was not quite sure whether it originated in that House or not; -Itf- thel&ct; which- was in force now a clause'%hich carnie from STew South Wales was inserted, and he held it had worked satisfactorily here as as in the other colony. Indeed he could see no reason why hon. members should part with the principles which were then laid down, and which had been a part of the State educa- tion of the colony ever since. Clause 37 governed the number of hours in which children were to be engaged in secular' in- struction, and the hours had been shortened -rather than increased. Mr. HACKETT : Has the Minister no power to reduce the hours in cases of ex- treme heat or other special cases ? The COLONIAL^ SECRETARY : I do not think the Act provides for anything of that kind. The Act, however, gives the Minister power to act on various causes, and doubtless intense heat would be one causé. Mr. BURGES : The district boards ought to have the power. The COLONIAL SECEETAET : It was a very difficult subject, ead they must re- member that if they frequently interfered with the children's attendances at school they would arrest the current of instruc- tion and injure the progress of the children. Mr. HACKETT: But did not the Min- ister contemplate that he should Tiave' the power, to close a school when the heat was. over 95? The COLONIAL SECRETARY said he did nob think the Minister ever intended to do that, but he remembered something had been said on the subject in the papers. The conditions of a school and the situa- tion of a school would also have to bo taken into consideration, and it was possible that 95deg. of heat in some places might not be so oppressive as 75 or 80 in others. Pro- ceeding, tho Colonial Secretary stated that the Act provided that three-quarters of au hour should be allowed for special religious instruction. That had been arranged by the teachers, the district boards, aud the Department. Tho time was originally half an hour, but it had been found that half an hour was scarcely long enough. Hon. members would see that this religious instruction had become part and parcel of tue law of this land. Mr, Whitcombe, he noticed, had an amendment to move to this clause, but he hoped when in com- mittee he would withdraw it, as he re- garded it as an objectionable oae, and one that would inflict unnecessary trouble ou the vast majority for the banefiVof a small minority. Hon. members need have no fear of the danger of proselytism in the schools, for that had been guarded against, .parents having, iäie 'power to - withdraw ,'their children' from- religious teaching if [^theyso desired. .In the past very few had1 done BO. 'OneOVtst£persons,-po5sib!y,-on the -goldfields had requested 'thatfthahr child rem might be withdrawn froni religious in-: struction, but he believed there were soriie special reasons for this in connection with the teachers. The last section of the clause provided that this special instruc- tion should not be given to the same children more than three days a week. Tho Bill also aimed at having the whole of the children receiving religious instruction being taught at the one time, the minister of one denomination having a class in one room, and another minister a class in ;another room;., It.; was' felt ¿that -by this .meauA the .ordinary work .of,tho sehooi 'wóuld jnot be $réat¡$'f^^i^éreiif^lli^.. Çlatoè 38 was inte^ pupils* time being wasted, and it provided that if a clergyman or religious teacher did not attend during any portion of the recognised time such period must be devoted to secular instruction. Clause 39 laid down that no child should be required to receive religious instruction if thc parent of the child signified by notice his objection to such instruction. That was inserted to protect the parents who ob- jected to religious instruction, or to any particular form of instruction. Clause 41 was, he believed, taken from the South Australian Act, and it provided for the ¡ examination of private schools by a Go- j vermnsnt inspector, who wa3 given power j to certify as to their efficiency. Tho Itoman I Catholics had in the past, lie believed, recognised the itnporfcanc3 of the pro- vision, and there was no compulsion about it. It was also just possible that other private schools would desire to obtain a certain status by an examination and csr tification by a Government officer that the schools were efficient. Clause 42 was for the purpose of enforcing attendance, and was a very necessary one. Other clauses had been inserted to enable the compul- sory officei to carry out the compulsory clauses more effectually, and also to avoid the necessity of the attendance of teachers at police- court proceedings against the parents. The PBEBIDENT left the Chair at 6.30. The PRESIDENT resunisd the Chair-at at 7.30. The COLONIAL SECRETARY, con- tinuing his description of the pro- visions of the BUL said that clause 49 made provision for the establishment of au industrial school or schools. The clause was wisely guarded by providing that parents should contribute to the maintenance, education and training of thoir children sent to the school. Clause 50 was an elastic clause to prevent the un- due crowding of one school and the leav- ing of another at the caprice of a parent, and through no fault of the teacher. Clause 51 made provision for the taking of a census. It was not likely to be carried into operation in these days of economy, but the machinery would be found useful at a later period. Clause 52 was calculated to be very useful in carrying out the compulsory clauses of the Act. He was not prepared to accept the amendment of Mr. Whitcombe to clause 54, which amendment provided that no regu- lations should .be published in the Govern- ment Gazette until they had been laid on the table of both Houses without having been amended. There was grave difficulty in the way of adopting the amendment, which might prevent a regulation being 'brought into effect until, nine months after ij;_was framed. The Bill-was largely a consolidating measure. The hew clauses i-enlarged the .scope of the Act. -He would be happy to meet hon. members in a proper spirit in-regard to any amendments which might be brought forward. He regretted that he had taken office at a time when other interests had to be considered. He was afraid something was expected from him which, in the altered cir- cumstances of the colony, he should have very little power to carry into execution. He was in entire sympathy with the even- ing, technical and other schools, for the establishment of which provision was made, and he would be only too glad if he had placed at his disposal money which would enable him to carry them into effect. Mr. WHITCOMBE said that as far as the second reading was concerned there were only two points that were debatable. One was the compulsory religious educa- tion as provided in clause 37. He opposed clause 37. He did not deny that a certain amount of religious instruction was neces- sary to the satisfactory bringing up of a child, but it was not the place of the State to interfere. There was no accredited State religion. The COLONIAL SECRETARY : The hon. member is wrong in using the word compulsory in reference to this clause. Mr. WHITCOMBE : I take , it that clause 37 makes it compulsory. Mr. HACKETT : If the parent likes he can withdraw the child. Mr. WHITCOMBE said that the churches seemed to cast on the State the responsibility of teaching .the religion which they themselves should inculcate. The only way to teach religion was by some accredited person in holy orders. The parrot-like teaching of a lay person was useless. In other respects the Bill would receive his support, as it was cal- culated to make our educational system more useful than it was at present. He seconded the motion. The motion was carried, and on the motion of the Colonial Secretary the con- sideration of the Bill in committee was made an order of the day for Thursday. DIVORCE BILL. Second reading (resumed debate.) Mr. HACKETT congratulated Mr. Stone, who mored the second reading, on his speech, which was a distinct addition to the debates of {he House. He had treated the subject in the tone that they desired to see it treated, and if the debate, was conducted according to the note | which Mr. Stone had struck the House j would have "no reason to be ashamed of it nor the.country to ba .ashamed of the vote that t%' House; would give, though that vote "he; firmly believed .would be given, against the views, entertained by. the hon. .member. He (ilr. ; Hackett) intended j to make searcely. any allusion to} tho religious .side of the controvewy. : He would do little more than draw atten- ; tion to the extraordinary fact (which the \ gentlemen in favour of the Dill might endeavour to explain,. but could not altogether explain away) of the association of the institution of marriage in all times and places with what they might call a re- ligious sanction. Whether it bo in ancient or modern times, whether the race was white or black, whether the religion was Christian, pagan, or any one of tho varieties .of these ttwo .groat classes, we always Jrimnd that they; were ..careful;to ; eurrólind^the cereújjpñy.3-0f niarruï^, religions" sanctitrr and hedge it ía:án ^> directions wita solemnity and sacredness, which surely had a root somewhat deeper in the human mind than the mere desire for ceremonial or superficial observances. He challenged any one to deny that when they searched history they would find that -whether it was in order to secure the pro- per publicity of the proceeding or to draw the line as sharply as possible between the lawful institution of marriage and that to which this Bill was a step (and a most importent 6tep), namely, the creation of licensed concubinage-the nations had unanimously hedged it round with a degree of sanctity which was handed down to their childreu as a special and lasting heritage. It was for the House to consi- der whether this ceremony of declaring a lawful union between a man and woman had not something to say for itself on behalf of human nature and the needs of the human conscience. He would have liked the bon, member to have made it plainer why the principle of divorce was a so much more excellent one than the principle of judicial separation. He (Mr. Hackett) asked tho House to con- sider for a few moments the change which Mr. Stone proposed to make in the marriage laws. If they took the Bill they would find tbatf the three primary causes for granting divorce Vere the commission of adultery, desertion, or constant cruelty. He would'leave the ", question of ^sp-nity over for further consideration. -For every- one of those sins, in whatever degree com- mitted, judicial separation lay at tho pre- sent moment in the course of the law. The House should-recollect that the penalty of judicial separation was by no means such as what the hon. member would have them to believe. The superiority of divorce to separation had boon alluded to by Mr. Stone, but he challenged anyone to say that it had been proven. The question the House had to decide was whether the occurrence of a mistake in a few cases was enough to induce them to agree with the wholesale and sweeping revolution which the Bill entailed in our whole moral, social, and religious system. Wherein lay the special superiority of the decree of divorce ? When he asked this question of Mr. Stone an interjection came from Mr. Haynes that ii was because it cost £150 to obtain a judicial separation. From that he (Mr. Hackett) inferred that divorce was not only to be a nasty but a cheaper business. Mr. HAYNES: It would make it cheaper. Mr. HACKETT: Would the hon. mem- ber claim thát it was intended to make divorce cheaper than judicial ; separation? If 60,- it would only add one more argument against the Bill.. As to the Cost of £160, that depended on the lawyer .employed. - He desired to ask what it was that induced the hon. member to bring. forward the Bill. . Mr..CROWDER: He told you. Mr. HACKETT said be bad listened to the speech, but beyond the sentiment that the divorced wife should be allowed to marry again-for what reasons had not been explained-the hon. member had left the House without any ground whatever for supposing that this Bill was demanded by any large section of the community, or that if it were passed into law it would meet with acceptance at the hands of any large portion of the com- j m unity. To his mind, whether it were j the helpless or down-trodden woman or the tyrannical man, or the general sense j of an outraged people, or (what was of more | importance than any of these) the initia- tive of the Imperial Government, unless the hon. member was able to allege come of these grounds in behalf of the Bill, then it came heavily handicapped, and the House ought never to carry it into law. - While the divorce law in the United King- dom was gradually broadening and de- veloping the Imperial Government was careful not to go too fast and not to take one step to interfere with the marriage institution earlier or faster than it should be taken, and for this obvious reason, that of all matters of legislation it was primarily important that there should be uniformity in the matter of the marriage law. It was part of the . disgrace of the American federal system that it was left to the states to legislate as they pleased in regard to marriage. In our own country the Imperial Govern- ment shrank from imposing va uniform marriage law, in fact in the United King- dom more than one law obtained. They should endeavour to correct this warring legislation rather than bring one more dis- cordant element into an already conflicting whole. A child might bo legitimate in Australia, but illegitimate in the United Kingdom. Was tho House aware that at this moment the marriage law was not only different in Australia and England, but different iu Victoria to Kew South Wales and in both to South Australia ? As if not satisfied with that, the hon. gentleman proposed to add one further change and a new variety, because the Bill which he had brought into the House to amend and extend the law of dîvorco introduced a new marriage system altogether. The hon. member was endeavouring to launch them on a down- ward path. We had got far enough away from the English law, soma distance from the Victorian law-because this was in- finitely-worse than the Victorian'Bill-and seine distance from'the New South Wales Bill. It would establish'a new principle under which . raaniage in one part would bo' no marriage iu another, legitimacy would-be a question "of longitude, and the etiiin of illicit bh th would belong to oer Eons wholly guiltless arid innocent in themselves. Mr. Stone had goneaway from one important aspect of the question, and that was the children. If on no other ground it was sufficient lo oppose the Bill on the ground that they should not add tD the great burden of human woe and distress which would be the effect of the present Bill. Say what they might the reproach of a judicial separation in only a small degree attache d .to the children. .It was otherwise in re- gardtb'divo'rcè. Thé-ohijdrfi'n of divorced ^V^^-^^ '^^àk a stigma and £ ^^ri^^^^T.^FW.' washed away/ May be that iras due to the hyper- sensitiveness of a hypercritical com- munity, bitt from whatever cause children with the name of divorced parents hanging round their neck were weighed down by that through life, and found it coming up like a ghost at every stage of their career, to prevent them reaching those stations which their ability aud conduct entitled them to. (Hear, bear.) Mr. Stone had ignored that aspect altogether. The only reference he made to the children was in reply to an interjection by himself (Mr. Hackett). The hon. member was urging that the object of the wife who had a mis- behaving husband was to get away from that husband with her children, in order to marry and secure a bread-winner for those children. What did that ámount to ? In the first place, he gathered that the guilty man who deserved - punishment, or, at all events, so much as was involved in supporting the children, was to be relieved of the burden, and they were to be handed over to the new husband-he could hardly say new parent. If this was the justice involved in the Bill the sooner it was scouted out the better. Who was to decide the point of guilt ? Supposing both were guilty, who was to take the children ? . Mr. HAYNES :. That would be ground for refusing divorce. Mr, HACKETT : Yes, but it is one never ' taken unless collusion is shown. The Imperial Act of 1857 was a large advance on the Divorce law which hitherto pre- vailed. This Bill carried the matter many stages further towards reverting to the Roman legislation on the subject. How many stages further were we to advance towards the absolute unrestricted right of contract of marriage, and what they might call de-contract of marriage, in the United States ? It meant no more than one step to an ordinary agreement between man and woman, just as a/ mau might hire a servant for a day. That, of course, was the outcome of the march of this campaign upon which they were asked to embark. It was something more serious even than that. - He claimed that the States of America to which he had referred were the logical states. When they once began to tamper with the marriage law there was no half- way house between reducing it to a simple contract revocable at the will of either party and the religious ceremony in the sense of being witnessed andalmost unreversible by the State. Dealing with the grounds of divorce Mr. Hackett asked why the Bill stopped 6hort at insanity. Why,did it not ? go a step further and forbid parties to ' marry-or give the right of revocation r-îf one or the other was affected with a - bodily ailment, such as consumptive or .scrofulous'persons? There were losses te the", community as great from a diseased body as a diseased mind, in fact a diseased body, was the more serious one of the two. The hon. member (Mr. Stone) shrank from that which was the natural corollary of insanity. The hon. member had said that insanity interfered with those higher purposes for which marriage was ordained. He challenged the hon. member to show how in any degree insane persons for purposes of mar- riage differed from paralytical persons. Yet, if he introduced the latter into tba Bill such a shout would arise that the Bill would be instantly consigned to ob- livion. He (Mr. Hackett) urged that the Bill as it stood was imperfect. There was one cause of divorce which was not inserted in it which was inserted in many of the American Acts, and which was required to make it com- plete. When it came to a case of incom patability of temperament, which made life unendurable to one or the other, no relief whatever was provided. However revolting it might be, the man or woman had to commit sin before a decree of divorce could be obtained. He asked the House before it made this fatal plunge, to pause and consider whether the difficulty of revocation of the ' marriage tie was not a barrier to those unions, unhappily too csmmon, where young girls and young men rushed into I marriage without considering the " conse Í quence3, devoid bf prudence or self- . restraint. He asked the House to throw out a Bill which was repugnant to the con- ' Ecience and the religious sense of, if not. the majority, at least an immense minority of this colony. (Hear, hear.) The Bill destroyed that uniformity which was above all things desirable in the marriage law, and which the Federal Con- ventions were careful to secure to the Federal Government as one of the powers to be exercised in bringing warring legis- lations into harmony. It divided the com- munity into parties, it was wholly illogical in itself, and it launched us on a sea for which there was no port. He therefore moved that the Bill be road a second time that day six months. .(Hear, hear.) Mr. R. S. HAYNES regretted tliat he could not agree with the.remarks of the previous speaker, although he must con- gratulate Mr. Hackett ou the mastery manner in which he had treated the sub I ject. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member had i dealt with the question from a theoretical standpoint, but he (Hr. Haynes) would endeavour to treat it from a practical' standpoint. He was not in favour of the ' Hill in every respect, but it could be" amended in committee.' As an individual he might vote against the Bill, because the Church to which he belonged was opposed io divorce altogether; but be" represented a section 'of the coúi njunity which acknowledged that divorce should be a fundamental portion of the enactments of the colony. Divorce had been recognised almost since the beginning of thc world. The reli- gious drawn from the Bible were in con- flict, so that one could not say that the people at present were in line. One section opposed divorce, and another re- cognised it, but said, *' don't let it go any further." Mr. Haynes then referred to ,the early Boman marriage laws, which were succeeded, foy .'the canon îaw, the ' latter being-identic^ with the canon law of the present day." He dealt at length' ?with marriage laws in Great Britain, and America from the earliest times, and said . that they could see what the result of divorce had been in «ne country and -what the result of the want of divorce had been in another. One authority, Bishop, said that the result of the absence of a divorce law in South Carolina had led to a state of concubinage. There was no di- vorce in France. Could it be said that the morals of the people were better there than where divorce was permitted ? Mr. HACKETT : The military system accounts for that. Mr. HAINES ; Why should not the military system have the same effect in Germany ? Mr. HACKETT : Because they are al- lowed to marry there, but not in France. Mr. HAYNES said that after carefully studying the Bill he had come to the con- clusion that he should support it. Every practising lawyer was in favour of the Bill He could relate cases of the most infamous villainy on the part of straight-faced, broad-clothed, low scoundrels. In unde- fended cases for separation in~this colony £15 15s. 6d. had to be deposited in fees. The lawyers' charges would amount to £100. He safd this advisedly, because in a case ofthat nature a bill, was sent out from his own office amounting to £120. The bill bad not been shown to him in the first instance. He reduced it, but that was the amount which could legally be charged. After the separation was ob- tained, what was the result to the peti- tioner? She was a woman without a name, and experience taught him that, being unable to marry, she would live in prostitution. The New South Wales Divorce Act was introduced by the late Sir, Alfred Stephen after nearly 80 years' experience. Ho was a moral and illus- trious man, and the opinion of such an authority 'was very weighty. He admitted that the opposition of Hr. Hackett, would be unanswerable if the canon law had not been departed from. If they were going to treat marriage as a civil contract, ordinary circumstances must apply. On the motion of Mr. KIDSON, the debate was adjourned till the following day. EIVERS POLLUTION BILL. Committee progress. Mr. STONE moved the following new clause i-"That this Act shall only apply to the municipality of the city of Perth, and that portion of the colony within a radius of 30 miles of the boundaries of such municipality." The motion was carried. ?progress was reported, and the third reading made an order of tho day for Thursday week. «'¿- The House adjourned until 4.30 next day. 