MIDSHIPMM'S ROMANCE. i. BY W. CLABK RTJSSEIi. 2Luthor of "The Wreck of the Groavenor," "The Golden Hope," "The Death Ship," "The Frozen Pirate," ' " "An Ocean Tragedy," "A Sea, Queen' "My Danish Sweetheart," "The Good Ship ^ Mohock,' , 1 "Alone on a Wide;, Wide Sea/' The "lie ifle Me of the Ten/' &c.; CHAPTER L—THE PfilEST. I was born at Bouville, a little dusky seahot >rt situated on the French coast betwixt Br. irest and placid old Calais. One long pier strikes fang-like . with a flash into the breaches of the sea, and the wild play of foam makes a- light for that grey and gloomy harbour. 'Thegloom is in the black tinjbers of pier, 'in the dark-green sheathing of seaweed, in an appearance of darkness in the water where it spreads its inmost extremity. I -was christened Waiter after my father, and as Walter Ijongmore X make my bow to you. Our house was an old cottage situated on the north border of the town, hard by a rich, email wood, through which ran a -clear crystal brook full of minnows, which .•when a little boy I used to fish for with crooked pins and earthworms, and, though no angler -was more patient, 1 never caught one. My father had been induced to take $his house partly because his means were small, and he had bran told that Bouville "was a cheap place to live in, and partly because of-my mother's health, which had been delicate, and one or two London doctors assured him that Bouville would give her the air die needed. It was a romantic \- little- cottage, and from, its garret window you could, see a white streak of channel •water between two horns of land. Whenever I smell sweet lavender that houfle comes before me, for its atmosphere was very subtly charged with that delicate aroma or something like it. . We had two large gardens. In the lower , one there had long before our time been dug out a great pond about 12 feet deep. How it -was kept filled I do not recollect. \- The water was filthy, and full of tittlebats and frogs, and creatures as beautiful and ./ fearful as the Ancient Mariner saw swim- . ming amidst the firesin the ship's shadow. ' -Jt . Was protected by an old green railing, i-"with.twa gates, aiid in the middle of it was " a pedestal to support a statue for foun- \- -tain. It was without a statue, and it was ' J an old forlorn pond, whose water had been quickened ~ by neglect into hundreds of strange swimming shapes, many of them TepoBing on the mud as the sea serpent " 'dwells at the bottom of the unfathomable -deep. But they rose to the stones I threw, and some of them used to wriggle into my ' "dreams, and dispatch me "with running -' :;r =eyes~ by, the light of the oil-float, to my Surge's, tied. The romance.of my life began not with " tins pond, but in it. Mv parents did not send me to school until 1 was nine. They both agreed that • a young boy's brain does not settle into a condition ior the 1 proper reception of ideas until he is nine years old. I there- 1 fore- grew up in ignorance and idleness, saving that my mother tiught me to read and write a little, and like the youth in the poem, I was a lonely boy. But I enjoyed plenty of liberty, and never knew what solitude was. I would lie for an hour on my'"Back in a summer field, and watch • the large white clouds come seuling up from the sea over the blue sky, ana fancy I could perceive a painting, very dim And visionary, of distant georgeous lands upon \- - their- soft breasts of snow. 1 dried clover and smoked it, and I also smoked cane. . I was allowed 10 sous a week, and this \- money I spent upon huge and gorging sweets called tablettes. They were made . by an old woman who kept a stall in a ~ cottage door, and Iwould watch her shaping them with great impatience if she had none in stock. With skinny hands she drew the mess of treacle, butter, and other matter into yellow skeins, then dumped it very >• cleverly in a solid dollop upon a board. \- -She cut with , wonderful precision, and • ' every piece -was a good sou's worth. Warm or cold, they 'were all the same to me; I -' -shall Jiever taste their like again. "' 1 wonder I did not perish at this time of my life of family indifference; for I went ' "where I pleased and did as I pleased, and when I came home—for like all poor relations I was punctual in turning -up—nobody. asked me "where I had been or what I had been doing. I slightly shudder when 1 think ofmysdf as a small boy in a hoi land blouse, belt, drawers, bare legs, socks and shoes, in charge of a boat all alone on tlie river. That the boat-owner should have trusted me with a wheny is extraordinary; that I ever paid him 1 cannot believe,.as I devoted all my money to the old woman-who made the large, square, • ydlow sweets. But never was I so happy as when I . was in a boat. I would hoist the little sail, keep the sheet in my hand according to the directions of the man, and dart up the stream like an aquatic insect In many respects I was like Wordsworth's "Idiot iioy," particularly when I was in my little boat, and God looked down and saw that I came to no harm. It was. about this time, I think, that I was visited by an extraordinary passion of religion. I cannot imagine how it came about, unless, indeed, there was a littl madness at tlie rootof it; but I remember taking down from my mother's bookshelf in her bedroom a book called "Line upon \- lane." She had, I have said, taught me to read, and-I was quick in understanding ^ what I read. I began to read this book, and quite suddenly a passion of religion -possessed me. I went to my bedroom with the'little volume in my hand, and knelt ' down and prayed with incredible fervour to be made and to be kept a good boy, and I also prayed to be saved. I arose and read again, and after a little once more fell upon my knees and prayed with the same incredible fervour for tlie same thing. Had 1 been caught then, as Johnson •would say, they could have done anything wjth me in the religious line they liked. \- The oddest put was that I always locked myself up when these devotional tits seized ' me, and I never said a word about my graying and my feelings to my father or mother or human creature. • This singular condition of soul, extraordinary I think in one so young, wore off in • about a fortnight. Also at this time, but \- when the religious affection had left me. I began to think of the sea; to go down upon the pier and watch tlie race of the surge. I fell in love with the sea, and my childish eves found every mood of it lofty and beautiful, like the sound of an. organ in a * • t'-athedral. I dreamt of distant lands, and for every ship far out on the green rolling "waters-ndingy with the canvas of the collier, or ice-like with the pinions of the • 'ocean passenger ship—I invented a story. 1 was sitting at the head of the pier one .day all alone, watching a deep black brig " that was rolling in for Bouville, when a priest, who bad been observing me, ap- I roached. He was the handsomest priest •had ever seen. He looked an Italian. . • His underiip pouted a little, which mingled a certain sweetness of expression with the rest of his appearance. r "You must De an English bov. said he, 'to-lookat the sea as you do." Now this was a matter which had not been made dear to me, and speaking in Stench (I spoke that tongue better than ~ -'—J «--•— -J— at the _ carefully. instructed to salute the priests in the same • streets-as a mark of respect for the religion of the eountrv. Politeness in one so young pleased -this handsome priest, and he .. . said, smiling— . ' " -."All Ffgl'sh boys love the sea- She is • their, mother. They go to her with delight \- -• end. pride, -The French do not(love the . • sea. ' We are a seasick people," said he, -laughing; "our nation is a -nation of sol- "Have we no soldiers?" I asked. "You have the finest troops in the world, but they are too few for your wants," he • ^^"t^was - strange to think of this good • priest talking so soberly to a little boy sbdut seven or eight'years old. I looked away to sea, and knew he watched me. "Sour heart is with the sea, said the " priest. "You will be a sailor." "Shall I?" I answered, and I imagined myself dressed in the uniform of a mid- ' ^^RTere you ever o n board a ship?" asked £he priest. " N o , " I answered- L "Come with me, my son, and 1 will tate you. on board yonder bngantme. She is cpminanded by a friend. _, • < ~He pointed into the middle distance of the quay, right away beyond the pier, and •we started. I was greatly excited. My small feet trod the aii. "'his indeed was / seeing liffc. Often had I looked wistfully ; down upon the deck ot some dirty little coalman, and wondered what sort of a ' place the men fell into when they dropped • out of sight through holes in the deck. But nobody had ever invited me to step on board, and I was a small boy staring down with eyes full of singular inventions, or following the lines or flights of the rigging aloft with far more interest than had the -^Sjiiole coal dusted fabric been Punch's play or some fantastic humour of the Carnival. We arrived abreast of the brigantine. a small French vessel, and the priest looked down at he. A man was cutting up some cabbages in a pail of water near the little galley. He instantly saw the priest and"bowed. "May J de&end; with my young fnend? •"Why, certainly," was tie answer. /Tie priestput his leg over and told me p"; to follow. The ladder was up and down, being .affixed to the met wall, ; priest wentfir^t to save s ; if lEhculd let. v-- . , "Does-tins voting gentleman desire to go to sea with me?'" sai<l the little French captain, widening his blue breeches by diving his hands into his pockets. "He Will go to sea," answered the Father, "but not under your flag. He is English, and has the interpreting eyes ot his country, and can behold iu the ocean what is concealed from the gaze of French boys." . This, as coming from a French priest, astonished the little Frenchman, who regarded me with attention. "What is concealed from the gaze ot French bora?" be enquired. 'Those vast lands, those continents of gold which this boy's countrymen colonise and take posession of, until," said the priest, resting his hand lightly on mv shoulder, "a day may come when all the lands of the earth shall be theirs, no other language but theirs shall be apoifen, and our own-nationality shall be merged into theirs and extinguished." This produced a wry face in the little man, who shrugged his shoulders and asked us to enter the cabin. I moved in a dream. Everything was strange and delightful. We entered a cabin that was gloomy in consequence of the vessel lying against the side of the wharf. But the wonders were improved, nay heightened, into a sort of fairy mystery bv the dim light. Had the place been full of sunshine, imagination would have slept, and the things 1 saw would have been the things they were. The shadowy bulkhead, the locker like a coffin, a glimmering picture of the Virgin hanging upon the forward partition, the streak of brass swingtray over the table, an open door with a glimpse of crockery on shelves; at these things and other features of that vanished interior I stared with the marvelling eyes of boyhood. Now and again when tlie vessel stirred a creak ran through her. These noises, combined with the smells which partook rather of the character of onion than bilge water, greatly excited me. I felt that I should like to be at sea in this ship, and alone in her, steering for one of the islands which I used to think I 6aw painted upon the breasts of the clouds. The captain put a bottle of red wine, some glasses ana fruit upon the table. "This is going to sea, said the priest, as he gave me a pear. "Do not believe that the English love the sea," said the captain, filling a glass of wine for the priest and half a glass for me, which I refused. "They arc tradesmen, and if they go to sea it is not for love of it, but to stock their shops, and to find other countries to live in, for Great Britain is too small for her population, and millions are living the lives of slaves, and the Spectre of Famine pays them their wages. 1 have traded to that country and know it. It is humbug. The Englishman does not love the sea, hot he cannot get out of his country without going upon it. The Englishman is a tradesman. His spirit of adventure is without chivalry or romance. It is the Spaniards, and the French, and the Portuguese who are the true interpreters of the wonders of the ocean. Bead their voyages." '"Have you nothing to answer to that?" exclaimed the priest, smiling as he looked at me. "Do the sailors sleep down here?" I enquired. "No. In the open boxes forward," anwered the captain. "You shall view them, uiv child." He took us into his sleeping berth and iut a quadrant into my hand, and the 'ather examined it with as much curiosity as I did." , "Think," cried the priest, "that with this instrument you shall be able to make your way over the trackless ocean." "Mere is wanted," said the captain, "but it i6 enough for the boy." And then, to the great amusement of the priest, who laughed long and cordially, the captain blurted out, "Poot eet to your ee." lie showed me how to hold the quadrant while the priest laughed, and then he said, "There, it is noon; it is eight brfis. Hurrah for the sun. This boy has shot the sun and it is noon by this boy." "This," said the captain, "is the ca boose." I entered the little sentry-bos and desired to be a cook forthwith and tail away that day. The man who had been cleaning cabbages was causing a savoury odour to fill the air, which seemed to rave put a thought into the captain's head. "Dinner will be ready in half an hour. Stop with the English 'lad and d:ne with me.' The priest declined; in less than half an hour he must be going. I was secretly much disappointed; for I greatly desired to eat like a sailor in a ship's cabin. The captain did not repeat his invitation to me, and in any case I doubt if the priest would have left me on board. We entered the forecastle, a little cave in the forepart of the ship, and I saw the boxes w bunks in which the sailors slept. A great Frenchman seated upon a chest was stitching a atch into an immense pair of trousers. S !e was almost concealed in shawls about the throat, and chin, and .we found that a cold had silenced his voice. Tlie priest addressed some "kindly words to mm. He e^5 occupant ofthatdinpltde P^ce, and to my eyes transfer i it.into a creation of romance, by sheer virtue of what he was about. _ And now I wanted to be a sailor, mending my trousers in a j forecastle, sitting all alone. We returned to the deck, and I stood for some moments staring up at the foremast which towered above me, one square yard ruling another, and the rigging seemed as complicated as a spider's web. The priest seemed to understand what was passing in inv little head. "It would be too dangerous for you to go UD there," said he. "But why?" exclaimed the captain. "Boys are like monkeys—they cannot fall. Boys were born to climb. Come with me," says he, addressing IIIP, "and 1 will shov you more of the world than you have yet seen." "Be very careful," cried the priest, consider myself responsible — he is very young." "He is to be a sailor," answered the captain; and so saying he lifted me to the bulwarks and "put me into the foreshrouds, the priest meanwhile looking on me with his arms a little extended and his hands i W a e d s t d w 1 e t a a l s b o T t m ; i o s n a r d d o v m a m s p l b t s d g i m s m p t w t r p s w r y f s y i T hung as though he would wring them in a moment.. A few-idlers, a soldier or two, and three or four picturesque fishwives in scarlet or striped petticoats and naked legs and feet, and beautiful long, bright earrings, watched us from the side of the quav. The captain got into t.he rigging alongside of me, and, observing that my stride barely enabled me to measure the distance between the ratlines, he gripped me by the back of my blouse, and encouraging me at every ^Jbep -with such £ries as, "How proud would: Admiral Neison he to see you. You are too fine a seaman for the British Navy; we will make you captain of our greatest man-of-war!"' we slowly, very slowly, crawled aloft. We got as high as the futtock rigging. The priest shrieked, "No higher! A fishwife exclaimed, "He climbs bravely. Let him go to the very top." 1 had, however, no intention of proceeding. I was not giddy, but I seemed to gaze about me from an immense height. The vessel's deck looked like a plank, and the streaming waters of the ocean had opened into boundlessness. Suddenly I heard a familiar voice. "Hallo! Why, it's Walter. Come down, sah. How dare yon—Good God! he'll break his neck!" 1 looked down and saw my father on w the quay. "Who's that?" said the captain. I told im. "Then we must descend," said he. Softly! Courage!" - I found that it was much easier to climb han to descend. One or the other of my eet were for ever missing the ratline and shooting through into the air. When 1 was fairly on the bulwark rail my heart was beating very fast. "What do you mean, sah, by behaving in this fashion?" cried my father. "Come on to the quay at once." "It is his father," said the captain to the priest. The priest bowed, and putting me on to the quay steps, helped me to the solid platform of the wharf. "What do you mean by behaving like this, sah?" said my father. "It is my fault," said the priest. "Your little son will be a sailor, but he is too young to ascend the rigging. "Had liis mother seen him she would have died in a fit," said my father. "Gooddav." The priest stopped and kissed my cheek. "He is a tine little boy, and I'm sure you are proud of him," he said; then with a cordial flourish of his hand to me and the captain, who remained on the deck of his vessel, he strode off. I never saw him again, though for long afterwards I was on the look-out for him. No' doubt be determined my career, for from that day 1 resolved to be a sailor. CHAPTER H.—THE PHANTOM OF THE POND. One evening in the autumn, when I was not jet eight, I sat with my father and mother in the parlour of the cottage. Tlie lamp was alight, and we listened to tlie mother reading aloud. It was a calm evening; a very small air whispered in the leaves of the trees; it was warm, and one of the two French .windows, through which you stepped directly into the grounds, was wide open. My father bad been.' toying for some minutes with a tobacco pouch; he now lapped liis pockets, looked at the mantelpiece and round the room, and then told t t m s: put on your cap and go and fetch it. alter; you'll find it in its case on a shelf t the end of the conservatory. I xactly remember now where 1 laid it own." "Couldn't you go?"' said my mother. "There is plenty of moonlight," anweren my father; "the boy will whip here and back; 1 am not going into tie ew in my slippers.'' I put on my cap and passed through the indow of the parlour into the grounds. will not wiy 1 was afraid, but it was an rrand I had rather my father had underaken than I. .Some of us are imaginative nd a little fearful at night when we are bout seven and three- quarters. I did not ike the. moonshine: it made the bushes tand up like human figures; the light reeze in the trees swept shadowy figures ver the grass and the walks and the beds. he conservatory stood at the bottom of he grounds, and was a walk of a few inutes. 1 was about to run when a black cat, or t might have been a rabbit, dartedathwart n front of me. I stopped dead. A bush n the left looked exceedingly like a man tooping in the-act- of taking aim. The oise of wheels in the road gave me heart, nd I pushed on, broke into a trot, then an swiftly as for life. The conservatory was uncommonly iemal in the moonbeams; the glass was : ity and the light feeble, and the smell f the bulbs and flowers was earthy and ault-like. I thought I saw a man, struck otionless by my apparition whilst in the ct of climbing a row of ascending ledges, any of which were vacant flower-pots. I tared with a frantic heart, and scarcely revented myself from shouting out and iving on the wings of fear to the house; ut the thing kept very quiet, and I disinguished after a little that it was a coat p w a b T t t l t a s w i a r s c o m w t t g a a a o a l p d m c k pread -ivith the arms extended. The gar-1 ener's coat, no doubt, but it was a very J reat shock. I easily saw the pipe-case, took it in my md, and went up the tile<i walk conductng to the cottage. This, of course, carried b l past that wonderful old pond I have decribed. Its slimy water shone in the c oonlight, and lay stretched in a sheet of earl. The luminary sparkled vety clear in his part, and 1 wis passing on, noticing ith mv childish gaze the vivid accentua' ion the pearly water took from the black, ich neglected growth" round about the ond, when I halted as though lightningtruck. What did I see? That which you ill not believe I saw, for who credits the elation of the visionary? But I was too oung to be a ghost-seer; my brain was too fresh and clear, the blood in my veins lowed with the sweetness of youth; there was nothing morbid, acting unconsciously to myself, to coin for the "vision in my head uch a sight as had suddenly arrested my oung legs as in a halt of death. It was the form of a young woman standng on the pedestal in themiddleof thepond. he black growth beyond showed through her; she seemed to be formed of vapour, hich, lighted by the moon, sparkled like salt. I saw her face distinctly; it was .urned towards me, and I can say (for I Might to know) that it was a face of sweet and touching beauty, without sorrow, without mirth, a middle expression as it were, such as the face wears in thought when the heart is at rest. Her arms and bosom were naked, but from her hips the sheen or silvery textufe of which she was formed flowed like a robe to the pedestal. And in my breathless halt during a light passage of the evening breeze—it was about 8 o'clock—I saw the folds of her ethereal garment wave. 1\. do not know what my sensations were; it is impossible for me to recall 'or analyse them: I was too young. But i can certainly recollect standing and gazing with a feeling of awe, mingled with curiosity and terror. The hands of the figure were olaj-ped before it, and its hair ilrated in the moonlight in a translucent ir:st; then imagining I heard a footstep in the direction of the conservatory, 1 ran with the speed of a hare to the' house. Boys need to run far to become breathless. I was breathless, but* not through running. My mother instantly noticed the expression of my face, perhaps in my enlarged eves. What is the matter, Walter?" she asked. 1 went round to the table and gave the pipe to my father, and said:— "There is a woman in the pond.' "What's that," exclaimed my father. "A woman!" ejaculated my mother. I began to tremble, and without crying, but in a crying voice exclaimed, "There's a white woman standing up in the middle of the pond." "What has the child seen 5" oxclaimed my mother, looking frightened and .directing her eves through the open window. "Come here, my Doy," said my father. He felt ray pulse, and told me to put out my tongue. "He eats too many of that old woman's sweets," said he. "Do you feel hot?" asked my mother. "Yes," I answered. ""His stomach is upset," said my father. "Give liim a powder and let irm go to be2." I thought it hard that I should be obliged to take a powder because 1 had been compelled to see what I had not asked to see, and could have prayed not to see. "1 am not hot, 1 said; "there is a woman in the pond; she is white, and stands in the middie." "Nonsense!" exclaimed my father. But my mother looked at me anxiously, and seemed a little scared. "1 have never known the boy to see ghosts before," said she; "''why don't you go and see what it is?" My father left the room for his boots. He went into the grounds, and my mother went after him with a shawl over her head, and I followed her, hoping that the figure was gone, as it would frighten me horribly to see it again. We reached the pond, and iny father said— "Where is this white woman of yours?" The moon shone brilliantly upon the pedestal, and all was bright clear air there. The figure had vanished. "I tell you it was there," 1 said stubbornly. "He eats too many of those sweets, and you must give him a powder. Nothing like a little grey powder to dispel ghosts,' said my father. Nevertheless he went to the gate in the railing, which the gardener had kept clear of the growth, and peered into the moonbright water and slowly cast bis eyes around as if trying to perceive a cause for my hallucination. Though 1 was relieved by the disappearance of the phantom, 1 did not like to be doubted either, and I said to my mother— . "It. stood there looking at me. T.t was in all white like a cloud. It had a. face and arms, and I could see through it." My mother made no answer. She believed me, and it made her uneasy to think that I should have seen a ghost. "Well, there's nothing here," said my father, coming slowly from the gate. "It is the effects of those heavy blocks of molasses and butter. If the old woman sells him more than two sous' wortb r week I'll charge her with the doc-tor's bill." "Come with me dear," said my mother, and j.ve went, upstairs. "Now don't go and make out that he has seen anything else but bad treacle and cheap butter, cried my father after us. My mother sat with me for some time after I was in bed, and rang the bell for a glass of sweetened warm wine and water, which comforted me. She easily saw that I was not ill. and stood in no need of physic; and this, I fancy, made her the more concerned that I should have seen the phantom. She asked me if it was like anybody I knew, and I answered no. Then she assured me it was an imagination and never could have existed. Nevertheless, after she was gone, I lay aw;ike some' time thinking much of the apparition. I was a little boy, 'tis true, but my sight was as good as my father's or mother's, and I had beheld the thing, and could describe it, which certainly would have been impossible to such invention as I had, and there was no wreath of mist in all the land that was going to repose in a shape of beauty upon that pedestal, and look at me with neither sorrow nor cheerfulness. However, the morning sunshine dispatched the ghost out of my head, and neither my father nor mother referred to it. I was still at home, learning no lessons, doing nothing, an idle boy, with much—too much—time on my little hands. I went into the garden after breakfast, and began to search in the ditch between the next field and our grounds for anything I could find. 1 started a frog or two and a young mouse. It was a bright-, cool, •windy day, and the land was piebald with the shadows of moving cloud. What do boys hunt for when they get into ditches, and grub in aud among hedges? What do they expect to find? Perhaps my measure lay in the hope of finding something. After toiling for some time in this aimless quest, creeping. pausing, peering, starting, I grew sick of it, and came out of the tangled ditch. 1 now thought that I would sail my boat in the pond, and went to the to feu-h it. A tall hedge divided tht two gardens, and the pond lay on the other f-ide of the hedge. I took my boat, which had bee'i my mother's gift on mv lai-t birthday, and made for the pond, with never a thought of t.he phantom in my head. The gate stood open as it usually did. In the course of the day the gardener was constantly taking water from the pond. For some Teason I am unable w explain, he had placed a bucket upon i pedestal. He contrived this by j w of a hooked poie. i a I knelt close to the edge of the pond and t my boat upon the water, but whilst I s it gliding through a clear opening e the slimy and weedy surface, I overbalanced myself and went head over heels. s a these are puerilities they are deep b to me, and what now happened is most wonderful circumstance of my I The pond was deep enough to drown B boys like me standing on one b head. I slanted in without a as I suspect, and when I was under t thought to myself, "This a dream." Even whilst I thought, very swiftly, for I must have soon after that first dive, I distinctly in the water, whether with mv eyes or open I don't know, the phantom the preceding night. It was a shape of its face was close to mine, and 1 verywell remember the expression, the look was not sorrowful or smiling, and cloud of hair streaming off in the obscure. It vanished in a breath, 1 rose with a bubbling yell clo.se the pedestal, so close that I was to seize the bucket, which I turned my head and then floated a few feet in it. There was no air in this bucket, and 1 go and down 1 sank. I have the completest recollection of my sensatiors; there c was no fear," nothing but a feeling of as if 1 had fallen asleep and should wake in a minute and tirvl myself at the brink of the pond with the boat in hand. I rose again and splashed, and out as loudly as I could, for my throat was full of filthy water-and weeds. Who had told me, where had I read, that if you go down the third time you do not rise again? This idea was present to me I sank, kicking out and struggling, but the belief proved false in my case, for I rose for tlie third time close against the stanchion-irons, I grasped them, got my on the edge of the brickwork, and rolled upon the grass, wliere 1 lay motion- motiou- a® though I had been drowned mdeed, full of water, weeds, and tittlebats. ,, As I ™»s afterwards told whilst I lav * h " s , the gardener came along. He had . card aching He crunched leisurely along the gravel but on castrng Ins ve at ; pond he instantly saw^by_ the Nearness of ite surface that it, 1 ad b^n in some way perturDed. He approached the opposite gate to .ook and immediately catching ^tr-h^rr c,,l,t sight of of ™v my floating cap and the boat, he shouted, "My God! he lies down at the bottom." He shook off his boots and pulled off his c-nat, aud ilunged in manfully—a filthy headerilack- cleai 1 as the water showed where _ had kicked and struggled. He swam well, and made nothing of that pond, having the pedestal as a rest, and the brick \rall within a kick or two of his feet. He sank and fell, and came up and blew, and emerging at last half-drowned against the pate c-loss beside which I lay, he saw me. "Ah, God!" cried he, and scrambled out. I lay on my face and presented every appearance of death. My face and hair were covered with duckweed, and my mouth was full of the stuff. Certainly in no fouler pool could a boy be drowned. After looking at me the gardener picked me up, and ran with me to the house. Mv mother was in the parlour, in the act of entering, in fact, when the gardener arrived at the open window, clasping my arenched figure to his equally drenched form; She shrieked on seeing me, and cried, "Is he drowned? Bring him in. Lay him on the-sofa! 0 Merciful! My poor, poor darling!" The drenched gar aener talked as he laid me on the sofa "I do not think he is drowned, madam. He got out by himself. I found him lying on the grass after seeking for him in the, pond. He should be stripped, dried, and put to bed. No doctor could do more," said this gardener, who if a fool in the presence of a ghost, grew wise in the face of calamity. My mother rushed to the bell. The servants arrived, and set up a howl on seeing me drowned as they thought. 1 was home away to the kitchen, and whilst they stripped me before the fire, showed signs of life. They rubbed me into a glow, and the streaming gardener recommended a teaspoonful of eau de vie. More, perhaps, was administered, with good effect, for I was conscious before I was put to bed. This was a narrow escape from drowning, and from perishing after being delivered. My father was. out, and when I awoke from a refreshing sleep I felt as well as I was before I made the piunge. My parents stood together looking down upon me. I opened my eyes and smiled. My father kissed me, and my mother also kissed me passionately, and sank upon her knees by my bedside, and thanked God aloud in a clear, adoring mother's voice for His merciful preservation of me, whilst my father stood looking on deeply moved. My mother then asked me how I felt. I told her I wanted to get up. She would not hear of this, and promised to sit "and read to "me. "I'll have that pond filled up," said my father. "I should have foreseen this. It is deep enough to drown a taller man than l h s n t t w "I saw the white woman again," 6aid I. My mother started, glanced at my father, then looked at me. "The white woman of last nniht?" 6he asked in a tone that nearly t-xpressed terror. 'Yes," said I. "She was in the water, and when 1 sank she came close to me, and I saw . her face just the same as last night." "Just the - same." said my mother, icarcely concealing her superstitious alarm. "Yes, she was all white," I answered. "What he saw," said m y father, "was the impression left upon his brain by the figure he imagines he has seen." He then said to me. "Did you see that white woman in the water before you fell in?" "No." I answered. "Did nothing invite you to piunge in?" "1 fell in," said I. "That's about the amount of it, v said my father; "and the white woman's a white lie. But that pond must be SI led up, ghost or no ghost. Indeed, of !ate_ I have often fancied it smelt disagreeably." After some further words he left ray mother to talk and read to me. I was kept in bed that day, e n d was quite well next morning. h s 