TO KHARTOUM. A BIG FIGHT , BUT A CERTAIN VICTORY SAYS SIR CHARLES HOLLED SMITH. The advnuec of General Kitcheners Anglo-Kgyptian foice' 011 Khurtoutu and Gindurmuu, has commenced, uml it can be but u short, while till news comes of the couillcl at llie junction of lilt White and Blue. Nile. Tho opinion of the Military Contammlunl. Major- Gem-nil 8ir Charles ilolied Smith, was sought lu a prophetic scu:>c, us the. Gem-ral lias had uiuplo experience of Soudan warfure. The Commandant, said lliat there could nut he the smallest doubt us to. Hie result of Hie coiiiilcL. Geuerui Kitchener had enough troops to take tlte place twice over, lu addition ,lo tills, lie hud the invaluable assistance of Hie guiiliouts, .which couid steam up past Ouidunnan; mid shell the place, wldle u laud attack- was being umdc ujion It. . "What ahout.tlio.se twelve feel thick mud walls?" asked "The Herald" man, doubtfully. . "They are a dltlloulty, I admit," said the General, vbeeaiise they offer no re sistance, so that shells striking them do not burst. liven If they .did, they' wotildii't tlo-hnieli liarin, beyond send ing a lot of mud iiylng. 81111; the result Is a foregone' conclusion. At Hie same time, J don't. say..that' there won't be considers bin Joss, .of., life, because. I think there : will.". .. .. "Do you thiuk the Khaliru will be captured?". "-Not a ghost of- 11 -show of It, In my opinion. Our friend, the Khalifa, will lake up a position on -some eminence, and wateh the- battle from alar off. When he sees -things-are golug against him, he will make the usual selection of favorite wives mid valuables, aud bolt lo Kordofhh." "Well," but 'Sir'Clmrlos, didn't you see Hint In spite of the Sheiks offerlug the Kliullfa an asylum hi Kordofan, the people there had asked the Sirdar to occupy that country, as they hud had enough of the Khalifa?" . "I saw it," said Hie General, "In the newspapers,- but how do we know thai there is anything in It? I have seen things In the papers," lie added seiiten- llqtiHly; "which subsequent investiga tion, ims proved to la iiiitruc. No, you take my word for it, the-Klialifa will get away, und so will our old friend Os- "You nearly hud Okmnn once. Sir Charles?"—1 "Yes. I must .have been very close to Idm nt Kortl. and he only slopped at that .dace -to get Ids valu ables' and ids favorite; wife, and then made for Kassala. I heard .afterwards that he had tir walk on foot the whole way to Kassala. That intist have been very annoying for a man hi. Ids position Instead of the comfortable donkey." ".Supposing General Kitchener were lucky enough to get the Klmllfu, what' would be Ids fate?" . "Oh, thill's hard to say.. Of course If lie got what lie rleldy- deserved he'd be; hanged; to the nearest tree. Thiit iiiiiii has been the eauselo'f more blood shed aud misery In the Soudan Hum anyone else, not to mention Ids con stant massacres und' immlcrlugs. Of course thai Is his way -of keeping' up discipline, but It Is uot our Idea. If he wits caught, I rather', suspect he'd be- llgiirntlveJy. drugged- at thu vic tor's' chariot tall. - However, as he won't he captured, I iion't think Its much use discussing it. The Baggaras will stick to him ns they have done all through."' ' ' i . "Thuu you think there -will be a light ut Oimiurumu?" ' ' ' ; ; "Yes. 1 tlduk the' Baggaras will make 11 stand, though, possibly the Khalifa's best plan would he really lo retire with ids force intact. Ccriiilil. it Is Unit the Baggarus will not eoiuu in and fdirrunder. .They \vlll either light or boll. Naturally lite pliiee will have to he stormed at the last, and 110 doubt there will tie considerable loss of life in Hml. On the other hand, you huvu to think of thu strength of Hie re spective' forces.. We have 120,000 In- rnnli-y alone, with a proportion of guns und cavalry.. Whatever number ihc Khalifa's force Is, net down al, it Iji- cltidcK everyone, boys nud luttnultlre youths. I suppose if an army doctor were, to . make an Inspection of their ranks lie would reject one-half of litem." . ; The General couclnded by suggesting Hull It was quite llkuiy tluit thy Sirdar ntlglil taulce ICbai'lount Ids llrsi. olijee- Hvi;po!nt, nud seizing it. ntlnck Omdur- inan from there.' 'To sum up tiie whole. Hie victory with Kitchener's force v/us n certainty, equally certain that lliere would lie considerable loss of lite, uiid Hml Hie Khalifa and Ostium would suc ceed in showing a clean pair of ncclx. 