';' ^T^'^li|i|ffi|li6rd. . jBiA*?40'r ,«f '?': ?(#& #*e Way;' &c.; * Enough, always calCfed Old N«il, wheh'™I ' - first knew- :' him'. Neil ,Monaghan Was ifiily. - iybim 1 35'yea;rs -jf /kg-J-Hs. .came/juis t another ?wariderer3 dame/ .asking' ^fof, employinenft'. ?His proffered services Were at once accfept- ' ed, and 4re was 'put oh' shepherding- a flock of -wethera r'away out ' in the 'bade country not before, stocked. . It wb&;'; a ?peculiarly isolated' position, but a. thunder storm having' fallen there, giving, abund ance of crass and water for the time, 'ah -opportunity; not to be neglected offered of fattening the wethers. A blackfellow named Punch had hitherto had charge of the floek, but his lubra becoming ill the aboriginal was anxious to be replaced that he might remove her to the general camp (m the Darling for treatment by the native doctors. I may here state in explanation that the first settlers in Riverina utilised . to a Jarge extent the aborigines as shep herds, as well as in. other ways. With this couple was a little girl, a chulby little thing, aoout 3 or 4 years old. The flock of wethers was duly counted out to Neil by the overseer, who left instructions with I'unch to remain for a few days to show him the lay of the country and the various waters. Nearly a week later I went out to satisfy myself that all was ' going on well. I arrived at dusk and the first glimpse showed me that something was wrong. There was no sign of h're or .smoke to be seen as I ap proached. The sheep were no't in the yard, nor to be seen in -afiy direction, but chained to a stump was the dog Baidy, who raised a piteous howl on seeing me. Having loosed Jiim while I went to make sea.rcJh, I presently heard him yelping in the direction of the black's camp. Walking quickly to the 'wurlie, I looked in. Great ly to my bewilderment the entire posses sions of the aboriginal pair were there. It was now growing dusk, but in the further side, covered by an old blanket, lay a human form, seemingly asleep. The feet were bare and I stooped down to shake one. There was no doub'ting that touch, the coldness of death was in it. Awed as death always does awe, I drew the blanket back and exposed the dead face Punch's lubra, dead 'for nearly two days, as decomposition had set in. Enigma on enigma. Had both white man and black fled because of the death of the woman, taking the girl with 'them? Hardly had I tim'e to ask myself this question when Punch's black form Stood 'before me. I welcomed, him gladly. In a few words lie explained he had been into the blacks' camp on the river. He left his lubra two days ago and had just returned. His gria'f at his bereavement was excessive. After the manner of his race he dropped cm the ground anld broke into a loud wail for the dead. Presently, without a word to me, he rose and departed to his camp. When he reappeared he had buried the body and was eager to commence the search for his lost 'perlo' (child). Mean time, if I would have allowed him, he would have wailed all night as he crouched by the fire. Morning broke at last. Our breakfast over, my horse saddled, and every preparation made for a tracking expedition of some days before it was broad daylight. Then the Australian sleuth-hound set to his task. With the true instinct of his race he almost at once 'hit the trail of the white man going along the slightly-beaten track 'towards the head station, but there was no indication of the child. ^Momentarily at fault, a sudden thought struck him. 'That one Neil . berry good long psrlo mine; think it 'im carry um,' he said. Hour following hour we pressed on, in deed we never stopped all day until dark ness closed in, rendering it impossible to proceed. Then we camped, lighting a big lire on an elevation in hopes it might at tract Neil's attention. Frequently, too, we cooeed 'long and loud at intervals through the night, but morning came again with out a sign of the lost man and child. All the next day the hunt was continued. As dusk began to deepen the dog (he had accompanied us all the way, though of no use in tracking) gave a joyful bark and bounded away. We followed and found Old Neil lying under a bush more- dead than alive, with the chubby lit'tle black imp beside him not one penny the worse. And why should she? for he, 'the splendid old fel low, had starved himself to give her all the food and water he carried with him. He had also carried h?r nearly all the way, but I must leave him to tell his own tale. During the last day I had found some water for t'he horse as well as ourselves, so we camp?d where the wanderers were to give Neil time to recover strength. Later Neil pave an account of his experiences, which 1 reproduce as nearly as possible in his own word-;. The evening following Punch's departure ' for the river cam]) he heard the child cry ing bitterly at the wurlie, and going there he found her sobbing over her dead mother. The little thing seemed very much frightened, evidently realising that something dreadful had happened, and clung convulsively to him. 'What- could I do?' said Old Neil, 'but take ths poor little dear to my tent and give her some supper, but I did not know what next. I could not tell when the bhteMeUow would return, and to have the youngster at the camp when I went out with the sheep in the morning would never do. Besides, something must be done with the de;;d woman. 'Be jabers,' s.iys T 'I'll take 'the little monkey safely into the home station 'to-night: its only 20 mile?, I can do that easily and be back by midday to-morrow to 1-e't the wethers out ; they won't take any harm in the yard un to that time. Maybe ^the 'boss' will lend me an old screw to carry me back quicker.' So I tied Baldy up, thinking he would keep any prowling dingoes away. I made a billy «f tea, put a hunk of dam per and meat in my pocket, with some sugar for the little girl. Then away I went, carrying her on one arm, as light as a feather a:t first, and the billy in the other hand, right along [he track. But after a few miles she got mighty heavy, yet the monkey did not care to walk much, and when she did we did not get along. She cried too when she had toddled on a bit, and said, 'Boree balara yarraman,' which I soon knew meant that I was a good horse. Anyhow I jogged on pretty well t'i'U it got very dark, and I lost the track and could not find it again. You see what with carrying that black lump of lead and 'taking care of the billy of tea my hands were full and I couldn't pay 'much attention to the to ad. When I 'knew* we ' had got off the -track I did not knotf what to do at first, bu't some stars were 'shining so I took one as a guide and made for the Station. I kepi; on till daylight, and then divil.a station or river was to be seen, nothing but scrub and sandhills. :?? The youngster now began to whimper- and-.fcall out 'Uppa weeikucka,' which is ; black lingo for ' me hungry/ So' I gave her, some breakfast.-1 Next she eaiid.:*'IT-o'n«. jhveechil,' and made for the billy of; iea. jiVhen she had finished she seemed happy Enough and cuddling up to ine went .off to Bleep as comfortably as you please. You use she had not had much sleep in the night, hung on to my bony, awkward, old aim.' 'And you, Neil, what did you begin. $o think of it? Did you have anything to eat?' . . 'How could I when there was so little? I chewed some tobacco; I'd lost my matches and couldn't get a light. As to the fix I was in, I dM not like it, but s'till I thought I would find some place ,or track, and I'd got enough tucker and tea to last the kid a good while. The holding her with my arm was the worst, and 1 thought and thought how to make a pack for my back to put her in like tihe lubrau have for their piccaninnies. At last a bright idea struck me. 1 took my shirt off, tied the tails to my belt, and the sleeves round my neck, and there was the cosiest, snug gest crib for the kid you ever saw. i could get along fine with both hands free, one to hold a stick and the other to carry the billy. All the way now she nestled in the crib. She'd sleep most of the time when she was not calling out 'Uppa weelkueka,' 'Uppa weechil.' I satisfied her with sugar 'tween times as long as it lasted, for I knew I must save the grub and the tea. In the heat of the day the little un was always 'weechil,' and it cut me to the heart to refuse her, yet what could I do, as the tea in the billy grew less and less till only a sup was left?' 'And you, poor O'ld Neil?'' The dear old fellow's head sank, as if ashamed. 'I drank a little,' he ?murmured. ''You see, i thought 1 must keep life in me for her.' ''Small blame to you if you had drunk the lot at the end,' I cried. 'You unsel fish old fool. She was as well and hearty as ever in her worthless lii'e, while you were dying when we found you.' 'You see,' he answered simply, 'I could not stand the poor jittle dear frying for it. She trusted me. 'Did it never enter into your mind to leave her and save yourself?' asked sonic one. 'The old hero straightened himself. 'Thank (iod, no, ' lie replied firmly, and every soul there believed him. 'The bitterest 'part, ' he continued, ''was when 1 felt my strength fail and she kept : plucking at me to go on. 'Halara iboree yarraman' slie would .say ''That last evening I could go no further, and 1 knew I must die the next day if no help came. All the food and lea was gone, and though she often cried, 'Uppa weel- j kucka,' 'Uppa weechil,' 1 had nothing to j give her. Luckily most of the time she slept, cuddled close up to me, and x di'eail- ' cd her awaking, for 1 knew she would tell i me she was thirsty, and 1—1 fell 1 might : have saved ail for her.' | 'Stuff and nonsense,' I exclaimed , roughly. 'You nearly gave your life to j save her the slightest suffering as it wjs; , could any man on earth have done more? ,' few as much,' and a chorus of voices i echoed, 'No man or woman either.' I A .smile stole over the old shepherd's face as lie struck a match and lighted his pipe. '1 am glad the little black imp is all right, anyhow,' he said. I '-Mine think it t'hat ole man Neil berry good whitefellow,' was the comment of the blaekfeiJloiv l'uiicli. One .more episode in tiie life of Xeil Moiiag'han and then my story is done. .Many years of faithful service had pas- | sed without making much difference in the ; appearance of the old shepherd. One ' day when making my periodical rounds from hut to hut 1 found Xeil sitting de- - jected, pale, and trembling beneath a tree, Ins flock grazing near. 'Why, what is the matter, man?' I said. 'You .look sis if you liiul Mvn a ghos;t.' 'Worse than that, sir,' he answered. 'J am going to die.' 'Die,' 1 exclaimed. 'W'luit should you die for these fifty years?' 'I've been stung by a 'snake.' 'Where?' 1 cried, considerably startled. 'Show me tlie wound. How'long ago';' 'A'bout noon,' he said, answering my List, mips I inn first. 'Where, where?' I insisted. But not a scratch could be shown. Still he de clared he was 'bitten somewhere. Feeling inudh relieved on finding no symptoms of poisoning, I nskfJ him to teil me all aibout it. ' It was this way,' he began, '' 1 was lying on my face in the shade of a bu.sii.' ''Asleep,' I interjected. 'Devil a bit, only dosing,' Jio correct ed; for what shepherd ever admitted sleeping when out with his Hock ? 'When I felt something heavy on my back I looked round with one eye and there was a tremendous snake coiled between mv shoulders. AMien he saw me looking he darted his head, open - mouthed, with his tongue extended, straight at my face. 1 dropped my 'head and lay quiet for a while, then I looked with the other eye over the other shoulder, only to see hi'm 'dart at me on that side. After that I lay quite .still, sweating and sweating afraid to move for hours and hours. I thought if 1 lay long enough he would get tired and go away, but I could feel his. weight getting heavier and heavier every 'moment on my back, till I lifted my head ever so little to have another squint. Again the head darted fiercely at me, I could feel the tongue touch my whiskers. Horribly frightened, I lay still again, sweating with fear, till I could endure it no longer, but when I peepeu out on the other side that in fernal head struck at me with lightning quickness, liissing like the devil. 1 am 6ure I should have gone mad or died soon if I had not thought of whistling to the dog lying down some distance away. I whistled in a very low tone, hardly above a whisper, expecting every moment to feel that durned snake bite me, as I knew he did. After a bit, but to me shaking there it was more like an hour, Pilot (Baldy had 'been dead for years) at last heard me, and as he came up I coul feel the snake leaving me.' 'Well, then, didn't you jump up and go for thai snake?' 'No,' said Neil, 'I lay quite still till the dog had been about me a while to make sure he was far enough off :to get up safely. I'd had too much, of him to risk any more. When I did get up 1 was . quite dizzy, just like every poor thing is when bitten by a snake. That makes me certain lie has stung me.' 'Ho 'has wot, Neil,' I said; 'according to your own account the thing took place hours ago, Jong enough for you to toe a dead man it really brtten.' But no reasoning cbui'd convince the old enepheuVi. He maintained that enakes were different, some very ,deadly, others much lees so, but deatih caane ultimately from -all. In his case it was a mere ques tion of time; the poison was in his sys te?nti Still, !he would'rgo to izhe 'Boiirke Hospital to give 'himself a chance.. . ? lit appeared: clear to me that ihi's fright' had: -affected his 'min'd, for knowing the mail I neVer for a moment doubted 'the truth of- Bus' story. So he' gave up his flock, and after Staying a day or two at the head station he left for Bburke, still firmly persuaded the poison of 'the snake wajs in his veins arid he was a dying man That -was tlie last I ever saw of poor old Neil Monaghan. A few weeks later he really did die, from what cause I am un able to say. As some money for wages was s'till due to him I endeavored to trace any relations^ (but utterly in vain. ' The old shepherd to the last had confided to no one any particulars of his past. Why still puzzles me, for I never knew a better man or a roan -less likely to have cause for reserve or concealment. 