SUNDAY TRADING-. ADDRESS BY REV. G. E. WHEATLEY. At the Fremantle Town Hall last Fridaj the Bev. G. E. Wheatley delivered ac address entitled, "The Public-House ver sw the Public Interest; or, The Critics Criticised." The hall was crowded, and considerable interest was manifested ir the proceedings. Mr. Abbott presided; and several well-known temperance advo- cates occupied Beats on the platform. The Bey .G. E. Wheatley, on coming forward to address the gathering, wai received with applanse. He prefaced his remarks by directing : attention to the motto of the municipality, "Nee prece, ncc 2>reito," and believing in that motto, and "at snowing his - confidence in the . public ol Fremantle,- he had «orne oh .'to the platform that evening, and he simply asked for a fair hearing. It might bo asked what right Ima- he, a com- parativa stranger, to take up this question, but having come to Western Australia to live; while here he was determined to do all he could to promote the interests of the people of the colony. It had been asked why be did not mind his own business, but if it was not a parson's business to look after the welfare of the people then whose business was it ? He regarded himself as holding a brief for the helpless sufferers from the liquor trade. It seemed to him that unless the people of Western Australia woke up, they would find out rory quickly that the colony was being run to a very large extent by wealthy brewers and owners of public houses. In bis opinion the present state of the law se far as it affected Sun- day closing in WeBtern Australia waa intolerable. It satisfied nobody. The publicans were not satisfied, the police were not satisfied, nor were the public satisfied. The whole thing was reduced to something worse than a farce. The census which had recently been taken in Fre- mantle had demonstrated unmistakably that the law was openly and flagrantly violated. His reason for taking the action he did was because piteous appeals had been made to bim about tile deplorable re- sults of Sunday trading in Fremantle, and he took a census because he did not want to put befpro the public heresày evidence. It had been said that he had gone a little too far, but he would rather go à little too far than not go at alL The Commissioner of Police had said that he could not do anything, and be (Mr. Wheatley) thought if the Commissioner of Police could do nothing. he would have a try. A fearful howl had been raised about what he had doné, but, concerning the census, the facts were unassailable. Somebody had said that everybody included in the census did not have a drink. WelL^what did they go for? Some of them had perhaps gone for milk, and, so far as he could find out, they must have got some of Forsyth's milk, for it was abominably adulterated. (Laugh- ter.) With regard to tho attitude of the police in this matter, he did not blame the individual members of the force for their inability to maintain the law. The weak spot in the police force was in its head. (Hear, hear.) It had a weak head, and like anybody else with a weak head, it found a difficulty in managing its affairs. (Laughter,) ? The head of the police force was Sir John Forrest, and tho ethics of the .West .Australian police iorce, as ex- pounded by tho - Premier, were that-the publicans were not.to" be-hampered in carrying on their illicit trade on Sundays, so long as ibo cloak of respectability was thrown over it. He characterised the re- marks made by tho Premier in reply to a deputation. of licensed victuallers as im-; worthy of the bead of tho Police Depart- ment, and suclr talk, ha. said, was not ; becoming the head of the Government. The law would never be enforced, and courageous action on the part of the ordinary policeman need never be looked for, while so many of their representatives in Parliament were interested in the liquor traffic. He felt certain that the bona fide publican would welcome Sunday closing. The opposition caine from the dummy-the man who was put into a hotel. The latter had precious little interest in the concern, but he had to do what he was told by the wealthy brewers and .shareholders. In commenting on the criticisms which his crusade against Sunday trading had evoked, he expressed the pleasure "lie felt with the fair and judicial manner in which leading newspaper in the colony-the WEST AUBTEALIAN-had dealt with the question. (Applause.) There was. hope for .the country while the brewers and the publicans and chairmen of brewing com- panies could be kept out of newspaper concerns, but it would be woe to the country when these- faen-got their hands on to tho PreW " Dealing with the.question of restricted Sunday trad- ing, he said that tho trend , of public opinion was . in the direction of reducing the hours ot labour, and why, he asked, should the servants of the publican be per- mitted to work seven days A week, when in' every other ? industry six days waa the limit? The licensed- victuallers, with characteristic modesty, had asked for per- mission to open hotels on Sunday from S a.m. to 10 a.m., 12.80 p.m. to 2.80 p.m., and 8 p.m. to 10 p.m., but this was even too much for their generous Premier. He ¿(Mr. Wheatley) frankly admitted that if they had to choose between two evils, namely, those resulting from the present ? state ,Of Affairs and ..restricted Sunday . trading, he would, without a moment's hesitation/ say let them hare restricted Sunday ^ia-ading. But what guarantee "ff ould.th'ey ilave'that the publicans %ould ; ohgervo th5law if teskicteaßufeaöy trading. was introduced? He would like to knoti in whose interests was it that the publi- cans asked for Sunday trading? Was il iu the interests of the public, or was it ir the interests of the public-house ? Whai he (the speaker) asked for was absolute Sunday closing, that the intention of the Act be honestly enforced, and that the machinery of the law should be so amended as to make the law operative. They bad Snnday closing in all the Australasian colonies, and was Western Australia going to be the first colony to take a backward step? Sir John Forrest had said that the practice established in Eng- land was well worthy of the consideration of this colony. But he doubted whether the Premier, when he made the statement, was fully aware of the conditions which prevailed In the old country. Since 1854 Sunday closing had been recognised in Scotland, and no attempt had ever been made to meddle with the law. (Applause.) In 1878 an Act was passed in Ireland prohibiting ' Sunday trading, except in' five cities, where the opening hours were restricted to between 2 and 7 o'clock. Iii .Wales a Sunday Closing Bill came into force in 1881. . In 1889 an English Sunday Closing Bill passed its second reading in the British House ol Commons, by a majority of 22, but it was blocked in Committee by members having large interests in the brewing industry. Every time the matter had been put to the test in England, thé people had emphatic- ally, and with an overwhelmingmajority, proclaimed themselves in favour of Snnday Closing, The bona-fide travellers clause in the Act, he designated a. lona fide fraud. Se likened bona-fide travellers to ghosts ; everybody believed in them, but nobody ever saw them. Dealing with the remedial measures, which in his opinion would give the police power to effectually cope with the evil, Mr. Wheatley said that if it was honestly desired to keep the Act, it was not a difficult matter to frame the neces- sary provisions. His suggestions for i remedying the present. state of affairs were as follows :-(1) No licensee should ! be pledged to keep his house open to supply bona-fide travellers or lodgers. (2) Define bona-fide lodger as one who stayed in the house <au the previons night. (3) Define a 1 bona-fide traveller as one who had travelled not less than 10 miles. (4) Every publican be compelled to keep a book for the signa- tures ol all who visited the hotel on Sun- day. (6) Every visitor to enter in the visitors' book the time of his visit, his name, and address. (6) If a publican allowed anybody to enter without signing the book, he should be penalised. (7) The enforcement of a heavier penalty if a publican served a person with drink with- out first obtaining his signature. - (8) If a person supplied with liquor put his signa- ture in the book, then the publican was exonerated. (9) Any person giving a wrong name or address should be liable to prosecution. (IO) The book to be kept open for inspection by the police or any citizen. He did not object to a fellow having a drink. If the' people of the colony wanted more public houses he was democratic eneugh to say let them have them. He did not wish* to persecute tho publicans. He wanted to protect them from th «ir enemies, whoever ttay were. (Laughter.) If a man wanted a <irint, why should he be ashamed to put his name and. address in a book P It was an absurdity to punish the publican and let the mau who procured the liquor go off scot-free. It had been said that Sir John Forrest would not amend the law, but they could have the Act amended if they wanted it. In conclusion; he urged them to put aside all little jealousies and fight shoulder to shoulder as Christians until their object was obtained. (Ap- plause.) The Chairman announced that a special invitation to attend the meeting had been extended to publicans, and that Mr. Wheatley would be'pleased to answer any questions of a pertinent nature that might be put to him. Mr. A. McKinnon, President of the Licensed Victuallers' Association, got up on the platform, and replied to the charges which had been levelled against the publi- cans of Freemantle by Mr. Wheatley. He denied that Sunday trading was carried on to the extent alleged by the rev. gen- tleman, and as regards his own house he said that as few of his servants as possible worked on Sundays. He advocated res- tricted Sunday trading in preference to the existing law, as under the present cir- cumstances he was compelled to stay on his premises all day on Sundays, for the purpose of supplying bona-fide travellers and boarders, who could demand to bo supplied with liquor. s Mr. Wheatley replied, and ^ther pub- licans were invited to get np on the plat- form and voice their opinions in public. Several hofrilkeepers were present, but with the exception of Mr. McKinnon, none of them accepted th« invitation of Mr. Wheatley to debate the question. A vote of thanks- was passed to the Chairman for presiding, jand it was an- nounced that another public meeting would be held in Perth next week t« op- pose the restricted Sunday trading move- ment. 