TERRIBLE BURNING AOOYE; DENT. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS 0ONA BOT' STEA -PIPE IN A BAT I HIS'FIPESH ADIEItEl) TO TIHE PIP - LiICE A STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. : AN AWFUL SIGHT.. : lWhitlo ion a batlis at Pitt street; a MMr iJarvis had the misfortune to slip and i fall' ou" lieo liot' wanter pipes, and before he coold?l.e rescued he was scalded and burnt: in;:'a terrible way. Tile shock of the bulirning andthe fall proved' to be vergy disnstirous for Mr Jarvis,and for a number of yoais afterwards he was a confined in valid;sutffriing from locomotor ataxia and itli6erfarms of paralysis. A few months aga' , however, reports began to be circeu hIted in the neighborhool that Mr Jarvie iwas getting round again, and that he had. had a moste marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable nmlady. It was on account of these rumours thart a special reporter from tihe " Sydney Worker" was despatched to got alt infornmation regard=.' ing same, anid one afternoon ihe made lis way to Isis Louse, 45 Urownelane, Ultiin, SMr Them. Jarvis was discovered nursing rat two.yeearold baby, and his face declared one of tile happiest men in Sydne). He was up and about, and able to answer thle' knock at the door. Although pale andi hearing still a few marks of a critical illk. nes and a porteriod of pain, it was very clear thalt lie was a invalid no nmore. In reply to the preliminary questions he sad :-YYou want to know all about imy case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those. who are stricken as I was." " HoA long were you suffering 1" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I lad to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next lChristnas I met with an occident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Sincea the accident I have been failing in' health, and after four years of gradual development of the mnalady, I was force& to give up my billet cat Glebe Island." " What were thse symptoms 1" "Sisrply indescribablo. Theepainlsweree something telrrible. They' were jusat about as omuch as I could bear. They' were for all the world like as if a rse. were cutting my bones in two in every' part of cue. I had no control over my bowel or bladder, and wasa nuisance to myseolf and everyone else. I was irr cessantly shivering and shaking, and could' ceittler eat nor sleeop. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he, told me that my case was utterly hopeless. Hliowever, he gave nse an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' "Did you make use of the order 1" "No; I' cane home and went to' bed? and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; il fact, I could not gub' out of bed. I felt then that it was allm over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all hbe could, by opium nid morphia pills, toease" the agony I was in I. was under him for lire or six weeks. Ho came to the con;' clusion that I was suffering from loco emotor ataxia, or prograesi'e loconlotor staxy, a disease of the spinal chord. clharacterised by peculiar diasturbances ot gait, and difliculty inl coordinating volon tary movements. He told me I miglht: last for ten years, and.that I might never got theuse of my logs. (Just then the' Iatiant kicked his legs about with enenF" to lshow that medical opinion, is not ia fallible.) Well, just cis a drowning, mamr will clasp'at a straw, I grasped at an ides. conveyed by the adrertisoment describing" the cure affected" in thie case of another? boilur.malker in England, which I read ist. tile " Australian Workman." by Dr Wil. liams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case whih. seemed to lit lay own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for: a box. TgI effect was imarvellous as it' wan magical. I was.oble to eat and sleep. as though nothing, was the ,matter witi?s. cie. It was the first appetite and rest I. had for many a.day. It was incredible.. I immediately left the bed and was able to. move about. You see those crutches? therasl They are perfectly new, and L. liavo never used them. They were mlade for se before I got Dr Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use themand. I don't want themn." " 11o is 100 per cenoat. better," said Mresa Jarvis, who had come in and takou,the baby eo her knees. "TThe Dr Williamss' Pink Pills for Pale People have sared his. life, antd made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point saidt that Jarvis. looked. 10 years younger thak. day than he did a.fortnight previous. "I can now," continued Jarvis, have. a cold bath, and all the feeling has come. back into cny legs. 1 ascribe all the. change and beieflt to Dr \Villiams' Pinlc. Pills. They have saved my life. I am ia no pain now, whatever, and feel like a. now man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills whlicla the doctor gave Ime to deaden the exoru ciating pain. But they can stay where:. they acre, for I no longer need them.. Everybody who knows me has bea.. amazed at the change in meo. They car, hlardly believe their eyes. My being; about again has caused qauite oI sensation. out here. Such is tics remarkable lhistory; ant it.= conlirmns what is said in all tile chlief news papers of this country of the astonishing: curs wrought by Dr Williansa Pink Pills. for Palo People. ]'hey cure locounotor' staxy partial paralysis, and spinal disease,. also the many oisorderos which, arise froan; an impoverished state of thl blood, actl.,' as aniemlia, pale and aollow comlploxion,? genoral miuscular weakness, iudigestion,.: loss of appetite, shortuesa of breath,.Lpains. in the bacrk, nervous la aduaaloi otc Mr J. S. . M'Goween, leader- of the? LabhorParty in N.S.W. fogislative As sensbly, was seen.by our reporter.in. cosu nocltiot. with. the remIarkable case, b Thomalis Jarvis. Mtir Ml'GObwe. says he has knowna..larvis from ifancy.. i alaso knoew, that he had' to give up hIis work at lolJo loulud abattoirs tlvoio lruonthasi. ago owing to a iuaelady ?wlc ic eh dovelopedll. Ito attorwcisl heIoard that Jarvia was bLil-. riddlon, anl, Iari thare.was.little-chance oPE hlis reoveisa. HIoa uuadertoo.d Jarvis wan refscld.ndulission ti, Sydusy I lilpitual;, a. tid clcse hadId bLtea: prllloaunoced. iaurablel lir t[,Golwea 'was,,tlhere[ure.- like overy.. one eleclloskneau theo faets, lutouslodlE at toi conplnte'reovery:o e Jaervi ns. , i.-. eiess crbcuda;'feall pills are. ubtlitihtals frmai leading, chmistes, or: frol,. the D \Villia?lnes, Madicino Go., Flinders-stree.t Iolbournei ahowia. i f£irwnrs'l p'ot p?inShr .. ocs roe ipt o: setanlps. orr pacesu- oriee ors box for lol 9.1,, a'. hlaa.ull , alenc far lls;. K 7 Sutlhit tim gonuinatCL. Willt o6eaPs ble?tn. . 