MASS AT BROMPTON ORATORY. In his most interesting address at the Guild Break fast on Sunday last, the Cardinal-Archbishop re ferred to the Brompton Oratory which is about celebrating its Golden Jubilee. In this church, as his Eminence pointed out, no less than 7000 con verts have been ' received.' Reynold's Newspai'ek. (the most powerful Pro testant democratic organ in England), in its issue to hand by the last mail, has the following special * sketch, headed 'Mass at the Oratory ' : — 'How few people realize actually that the Book of Common Prayer used in the State Church and its offshoots is only a slice of the Roman Catholic Mass and a slice emasculated of much beauty. The reason is that the Dissenting visitors to a Roman, church come prejudiced antl almost totally igno rant of the service. They take it open- mouthed, as a rustic does the sights of a town. Anyone who attends Mass at the Oratory, Brompton, will notice the non-Catholics staring stupid- eyed at the altar where the priests are officiating, believing, in their lack of wisdom, that the whole thing is a piece of mummery. If the practice was followed in these . churches of providing prayer-books for strangers, it is highly probable that the tale of converts would - be increased from the ranks of the truly pious. Everyone knews that all the grandest Church music has been- composed, for the Mass and all people who do no~t think that music was the inven tion of Satan can apprecinte the service. But how niiny non-Catholics have even a vague notion of, what the Mass is r1 It is simply the ordinary prayers and Communion rites sung and monotoned by the choir and the priests. Speaking in a general way, it begins with an in troductory anthem;, Then follows appropriately the ?''E^ritd' (' Lordrhave mercy on us'), that glori ous petition for forgiveness. This melts into the ' Gl'i-ia' (' Glory be to God iri the Highest'), the : words of the angels who appeared to the shepherds. ? After this the 'Credo,' or Greed, is chanted, and . ? this i3 succeeded by the ' Sanctus,' the song of the Heavenly Host; when the priest consecrates the 'bread and wine. . Next is the ' Benedictus' (V Blessed is He that cometh in the name of the i.ord') and the hjrnn, 'Agnus Dei (' Lamb of God'). There are other chants suitable for various festivals. But this in the main compotes the Mass, a fact which, doubtlesp, will amaze the hide- bound Protestant who conceives in it nothing but the es sence of blasphemy. i.ti is lu ue uiii.icioi.uuu. iiiau we ucieuiaai at Llie altar and the priests assisting him are, in the mean time, engaged in secret and solemn prayer, or in purifying the sacredtpot with incense, or in inton ing or, more correctly, monotoning the collects and epistle for the day. .This beautiful ritual, so calcu lated to affect the devotional! feeling of the wor shippers and move the human emotions for good, is what the bigoted who have seceded from what, after all, is their mother Church describe as ' Just like a theatre.' . --\,. :-C( . Among the ceremonies .the'Vinging of the bell is rather puzzling to the- vunitiateci; It is first rung when the Creedjis being sung ajn;3-iDr the pious pur pose of informing the congregation when to kneel and remain in silent communion with their Creator, It is rung again before the consecration of the Host. In this very simple use o£ a convenience some people ? see a vile Popish practice. Sometimes the service is sung by the celebrating priest and choir without assistance or incense. This is called a Sung Mass. But Low Mass is even plainer. It is said by the priest alone, with one server, and according to strict usage, no music whatever is admissible, but sometimes the congregation sing hymns or litanies appropriate to the occasion. .'.-. When there is a sermon it usuall}' precedes the Greed. The preacher first reads the Gospel of the day and then requests prayers for the dying. Last Sunday we had a typical address from the Rev. i'r. Henry Cater — typical in the sense that Roman Ca tholic preachers select the simplest themes and avoid those hair- splitting platitudes about dogma without which no Nonconformist sermon wou'd be complete. He spoke of Redemption — the ransom ing of fallen mankind by the mediation of Christ — and he defined it as an entire change of heart. Within us we had influences working for our salvation — the Holy Ghost— and it was man's dutyi to take advantage of his opportunities and revea FR. BERNARD CALLACHOR, O.S.B. to himself this ' inner beauty ' of bn heart. We may take exception to. many things in the Roman creed. It is poso'.b'e, besides, to ciiticize a faith without cynicism or irreverence legarding beliefs dear to millions. But those people— be they Christians of' any colour or unbelievers — who do not feel able to be touched by some of the sublime moments in the Mass, even for the sake of its own beauty, arc lacking in soroe of the essentials of civilised beingGo ' 