Hill 19 10s I MMIIsl lbs Sugar.- A moderate business, has been done in Queensland so dates, 'are Loudon injured! in side. it shows, wethers, and during the past usual iiiiot.ilioiis lost both Iwl and silver has- declined d. per cwt. 'reason I am business has been done in China ten. miner using (15th liiiU-i- heits put ting it up to -15d., and iii) half-chests Island- line of 70 (Hlit'i luniiii-Ns in the Kuban River NO chests claim at 7d. to 8d., and TO trials Indianic hall. On Thursday- next Messrs. Farmer and Co. will offer undergoes of ('June len, on account of JIcini-,. Jas Henty and Co. and illness. J. R. ISiigliuid and Co., and 0115 packages Ceylon, on ac- count of -VlCntJl-H. JEPARIT, lin Binny, and Co KiiHtein I'lodui-e.-In ? ice, Japan it sell it" at 124, native (dressed in 6-3, in mi Rangoon at (17/10 Japan is selling at -LlO/10/ for peace, and LU for links Sago is selling it 10/15/ Tippet in size and nt ')"<! loving hole white, and Jail for a ball in! Cochin (stage is selling it lil , md has leased it all Furniture is, quoted at by mail close at 4 (to I a) bit cp of 40 miles Mocha coffee his been nil Di ntl J ¡nits-A fur business his been done in turn acts, old, in li all cases [etching -and iNt hill but business at the suite pure Suit was hue li is a good business of it 7d to 7d and the market closes min The m takes in a rising is in a rather stronger position than usual) owing pi til t) the smalls Mildura crop of last season and partly to the policy;, adopted of shipping all that can be hired the horses deuce is that stocks of Mildura raisins are much 1 ghost than they mile in ten ago Both brown and eNti i brown IiNiis has been freely shipped this week it lost to Old job A small business has been done, in I left in mt. for export that 3d in bond The Hiclelcl I is bringing, new leases, for li Inch truth is islet! a silence I again-, be expected to arrive shortly, then i are being made to 5d duty paid V pint! of oil fires has been sold at 7s Near his i ) 12oz boNes, have been sold to nine it 4RO in bond Mil ton Ogs, m bull h well in business at 3s Old to test h n e had business outside Sea mill built in unit! in Plums, in 2lb tins nice sum of 819 The new m. a son not to nine from Holde bin is now being cNpccled J i iron steel apples In a hall t in sales for cNpol t it 4 the lot) A steady business is shown" in Mitchell d nd peaches and apricots Of these Consider able shipments li tic been made 11 of London this season fetching good 1 pi ills Api ii of 2) hours Jordan almonds b 3s b- n sell it 1/1 fish-eating to the ii inn whither the demand for (all li as supplied V Head husband- is doing in mi lines all sides are hopeful of Philippe and Com mill Dilaunnj, ml I'i cul S taken spirits of these limitations small a patch of T oth light at 3 0 Sil mon is him both on spot and for form in ! richness --sales include 200 till Anton set 75 In salt herrings i finish of 2 h n revs Shillings, 2.) dozen li he had sold it 22/C "-much as - J line has been a period went into a chain of the earth for export to vehicle and consider the sale has been made of 10 per cent. it had to S ¡ti and 9, per cent at Id Jardine well as selling at 1/1' Most of the etc mi of tube and fill it within intended for the Fr em is heavier nts shut out Branch of rain is dull it up to S/11/ for the side of- Rum is in short supply it tO/)r BorN is still in it L22/K)/ lol powder ed and 122 for Jump J iicjish saltpetre is selling at 127 10s and (remain fit 24/10/ W lating is selling at 55 A P li end of 20 tons has been placed time is a good dam and for duty suit, all the, choice is 1(1 Jliggnis s Spiel 1 Sill ment 1915 Ethel, Horse either Kilt is selling it 14-15 for line and 141 for must, find Liverpool salt at 14 for (mc sent £3/ for coast Castle 2 It is selling it 11 In lock silt English is selling, at 50s and Gemini til 40 Corbett s to salt is selling it 5/6 Cm in seed li is land sales it 111 small lots fetching up to their / glimpsed is elim-, t lil) and ripe stall at 118 to 122 molding to sample 1 late is a good demand for tobacco hops and sales unlink Kill cases Iniictt (in packets) and 100 boNe- Slow, bread at 4d in bond A in need of 10 11 ills Californian hops has been sold for export it with The silk bill of hops for puel mg -will be short and Instill prices are being call ed for four and deliver Stores are also reported of 250 cases Nestle s milk 10 even "little Suits mill, fair punters at iNin Zealand p pasteurised milk in 7/1 (iOO a ises II beloved n in rest is, 130 cases Jane lock safeties 100 e cases C and B s vinci it 7/3 to 7/0 50 quarters Oimibles vinegar, 100 dozen of isinglass 10 e next and H 6 potted motts 50 t less IN el son's sheep tongues it for, 50 a isis IN S W J'tillie sharp tongues it 11/0 50 cases Lion his, pet as it can bond no cases Corner is -oUtplffniils fit 4/71 in bond 21 cases The fish Easter Camp was oil it I/O for 557 , and I has to ride a rule of Court in a mustard she - resign Gundi smaller- blunders Rilidoil Reimann s search Memeisohoco till Criminal s getting Find s custard pon till at 5 0 s "orders s suit extract it 10 it, all friends and J'olson s cornflour it 81 inquired lies is is too 1 dear mail for the iiit|!-*c,iie is to- use it at this time of the it II and will include consider the par cels of Most and Chandon Julius Mount, and olive i li illing his nails Kni" <\- 1st Mr chap is, hue who has a fine dam and a moderate business has been done in Politics and. enter the duets Of Hut is in port is i in a real line been while it is) 1 i in full, motion its units is the been future of (India- bull (to be live) and in- M still s without Apricot 1 Etienne (L times nine, And Winds '-suppers A -ye men of his li has- been m moth rice deal in all five -seats no report tell of him and (he did bull ) 6 11 (bulk), nell in in- the Heads Duisons Millhill- Girls J'lntm Cochin (India l. Greenlit (bull 1 and S",<lci-oiis joined -the fine been made of Wolfe- Schnapps unit but business has been done in JDKZ t Alice s at " n and similar., selling a (series i, Coopuits w liquors, in I I much Height s -Series In unit liquors in the lemon been made of Dinley -four (Gimme».,«*) in up to 0/0 I and !*!<_r stout t Cameron and Saunders st ml turnouts The list! Coope and Co 2 iii All p h in, Fund s th Aitchison suit 1 Notified Tiger Tim, and M 1'uulligu benefit 6/0 m loud and Goods-J hear in set in finished son Pte mill at about J/S for mining (ride lots, the former alters prints more money) is asked Woolpacks have had a steady de mind it 1/0, met him legs it 1/1 Mill is not Jindu iii -V fine all-round bus ne s is doing s,|((, minutes 7) tons "No 3 feet 11" time a considerable parcel of gi pipe i I nee of the attempt ICm \ Uni n 17 G md a parcel of pink (and mist 1 non for export Estate his been a good inquiry for GC non J he continuous ml lime in spelter has occasioned a further rise of 10/ per ton in GC now "in a fine instituted though the local market to- buy sum! nil nil mine and (li it is shipments will nt in lil lb to) be suitable, it is ion suffered h "life probable that this mill since may be i intended for some time to come nil Uni cent higher parts uni or to L n ill-, rule Oils Kerosene his hand a good insurers trade lots fetching 7d to 11d while the ills of 2000 tastes are north 7th delivered A considerable busuit s his been done in linseed ml it in a li ince several hundred t uses of Blundell and "spines lining but 11! en tip C asked if it, still will gg it 3/1 J Imbil - Business in timber has been sent and prizes are given the limitation Bills no time Good Snubsh thuds lim N can adequately it TJil indians it 11 To id Oregon is quoted it is Al )/ to LO a (J 