The Federal Fropogauda. The South Australian delegates to the Federal Convention are just how busy enlightening the free and independent electors of -this colony on the merits and... demerits, of the Commonwealth Bill; and they stand out asr singular in beiug the only delegation .that re presented any, one colony which is presenting an unbroken and unani mous frOnt in support of the Bill. If the delegates had all belonged to one particular school in provincial politics this unanimity would not have been surprising^ but considering that they belong to almost all aides in politics it makes 4heir agreement. in.. advocating the acceptance of the Bill all the more striking. Who could have imagined a Baker and aSymon, and a Kingston, and a Holder agreeing on any political question under the aup, but neverthe less it is true that they agree as to the I advisability of South Australia accept-: ing the Commonwealth Bill, and it cannot be said that the one's advocacy is more thorough and hearty than the other's. To our mind this wonderful unanimity goes a long way to prove that the Bill embodies as fair and as just a constitution as we can federate under with the other colonies. In this process of enlight enment the delegates are being assist ed by other people opposed to the Bill b°th on the platform and in the Press, and as we can not have too much discussion on such an important topic so long as it is in telligent and reasonable in its nature they deserve to be welcomed heartily in their efforts to assist the delegates to educate and rouse up enthusiasm in the people on this question. Indeed, they should be of great service even to their opponents in spreading intel ligence among the people concerning the Bill and in furnishing them with material to reply to, and thus assist to quicken the judgment of the electors and get them to take more interest in the question. Sometimes we almost think that it is a misfortune that one or two of our delegates had not taken the opposite side, for it is only by hearing both sides we can arrive at an intelligent conclusion. Another striking feature of the federal campaign is the men of heterogeneous views who have enrolled themselves under the banner of the Labor Party as objectors to the Bill. They mostly include persons with fads and those outside the pale of this term are generally those "who are afraid that federation will injure their businesses by increased competition from intercolonial freetrade, Of course federation without intercolonial freetrade would be like the play of Hamlet without the ghost, and we ; may' reasonably and fairlv conclude that such oobonents would be opposed to federation under any. constitution proposed, though they are cute enough not to admit It. . All who are opposed to the Commonwealth Bill, if we look under neath; the 'surface of their-opposition, seem to have particular axes to grind, and are not guided by what is best for the general welfare. It does, however, seem peculiar that the controllers of the Labour Party throughout Austra lia have declared themselves against federation under the Commonwealth Bill—that is, if they want federation at all,—which proposes a constitution for United Australia that is more radical than any the world has yet heard of. However, there is a wide difference of opinion as to what is Radical, Liberal, and Conservative, but so long as many people have the notion that there is wisdom in num bers, even if they be only sheep's heads, then we Bhould expect them to support the Commonwealth Bill, for it undoubtedly provides the most liberal franchise the world has ever seen, the only qualifications for both houses being that a person has resided a short time in the country and is not a legal infant. But we hope the rank and file will not blindly follow the Labour wire- pullers, who think of self first and the country afterwards. There has been great fear expressed that the people would show more than ordinary apathy on the question; but we are glad to see that what was seeming apathy exhibited daring the sittings of the Convention was only the -people intelligently and thought fully waiting for the outcome of the deliberations of the Convention, and there is now a genuine interest being exhibited throughout all the colonies interested in the most mo-; ineutous question that can be placed before them as to their national life. In New South Wales aud Victoria the interest in federation is at fever heat, and the opponents of the Common wealth Bill have to he thanked in a great measure for the present situa tion on the question in those colonies. It is to be regretted, however, that the opponents of the measure are ap pealing so much to class political preju dices instead of looking at it from the point of view of thp general welfare of Australia as a whole. Late in the day opposition to the Bill has been organ ized in South Australia, and it is to ba hoped they will conduct their campaign temperately and with intelligence ill argument and correct views in the in terpretation of the. bill to be placed before the electors for their acceptance or rejection. Those who take tipsn themselves the duty of advising the peo ple on the Bill have a very grave respon sibility, and they should at first make themselves thoroughly acquainted with the A.B.C. of its provisions before at tempting to enlighten others and recog nise that in the end they will never gain anything bv smart misrepresentation for party purposes. , ... The only politician who has as yet made it his business to enlighten the people of the Southeast in the Bill and express his views on it is Mr. A. H. Peake. We are pleased to be able to commend his utterances, which were clearly and ably put before an audience at Narracoorte." Sir R C." Baker and the .Hon. J, -H. Gordon, two of the delegates who represented this colony at the Inderal Conven tion, are announced to speak . at Narracoorte "on Federation 'and the Bill on Monday evening : next. Both have been prominent members of the several Federal Conventions1; ihej both have the' reputation of : being ex cellent platform speakers; and .conT sidering the thorough grasp they must have of the jQoiatypnweelth Bill in all its details their 'utterances Iwilh/ he more than ordiharily .interesting and instructive. We hope for the: credit of the District they will have a(large audience on Monday eyening, notronly of those in favor of the Common wealth Bill, but also of those who are posed to it. _ - Federation Mbeting^tJKabbaCOorTe. . —We desire to call particular attention to the meeting which is to' be held at Narra coorte on Monday evening to hear the Hons. R. G. Baker and J. H. Gordon deliver addresses on federation in general and the Commonwealth Bill in particular. It would be superfluous on our part to dilate on the thorough, knowledge and grasp they have of the.subject they pro pose to speak upon and the well-known ability they possess of enunciating, their views, both being practised and forcible speakers. Sir Richard in his terse and vigorous style invariably interests"his audience, and the graceful diction and eloquent periods of Mr. Gordon never fails to captivate his listeners; Through: the Institute at present'undergoing a thorough overhaul it has; b»en found necessary to use the Agricultural "Hall, for- the meeting, and :ln .connection.; with this we may: state for. those' who may be. anxious for their comfort that the full strength of" the seating, accommodation of the Institute Hallhas been made available for. the., occasion ing addition to the seating accommodation already iii the Agricultural Hall, so that no one heed fear of having a comfortable' seat. As ladies as well as the sterner Rex will -have a vote at the. polling for the. Commonwealth Bill on Jnue 4, we hope to sec them muster-strongly at the meet ing on Monday night. It is anticipated that both, gentlemen will occupy an hour each i|i the • delivery of their addresses, and no doubt at the close of the speaking they will be prepared to give explanations of the Bill and to be severely catechised as to their stewardship as federal dele I gates. Albert District Caledonian Society. —The Directors) of the Albert District Caledonian Society met at the Institute on Wedsesday evening to make further arrangements in connection with the forth coming social, r There were present Messrs. K, McLeod (in the chair), J. Elton, D. McLeod, "A. Johnstone, and D. Caldwell (Secretary). The Secretary re ported that Mr. A. Smith, of Bynarn, had consented to present the gold badge to the Chief on the night of the social, and that he had made other necessary arrange ments in connection with the gathering. He submitted a programme' as far as ar ranged. Several letters were read from performers .and others invited to con tribute items. It was resolved that the Secretary issue complimentary tickets for the social to those-:gentlemeu who had given donations towards the funds of the society. The Secretary reported that he was forming a small committee of ladies to assist in decorating- the Hall for the social, and his action- was approved, of. Mr. N. M'Cuspice, one of the" Society's pipers, wrote stating-that, he-.would be present at the social/and Mr. Low wrote advising his family would contribute six or seven dancing and piping item3. ' It was resolved that instead■ ■•of erecting a -platform-the concert items be given in the middle of the hall so that everybody would joe able to seeibem from all parts of the building.' On the motion of Mr. D. McLeod, it was decided that the sale of tickets to outsiders be extended tip ,t« the day and on the night of the social, as it was thought it would cause incon venience in stopping the isSne of tickets on a certain date. The Secretary stated that the gold badge had been completed, and would be on view in a few days. Other husiness in connection with the social was dealt with, and the meeting sdinnrnpd. Measles.—There has been raging for some time throughout Victoria an epi demic of measles. It is a complaint that generally confines its attention to chil dren and seems tcr visit all localities periodically iu epidemic form, and as it is the popular impression that people as a, rule only snffec from it onco in their lives paterfamilfos- Are sometimes glad when it visits 'their families .and the trouble is all over. -But we think it is just aB well for families to escape this complaint as long as they can. At the meeting of the local Board of Health held on Tuesday the local Health Officer reported a case of measles in the town, and stated that he had traced its origin to Melbourne. We hope if the epidemic is to visit us it will be in a mild form. The Caledonian Social.—Arrange ments for the Albert District Caledonian Society's social to be held on the evening of May 24 are now well in hand, and the gathering promises to be a great success. Aspecial programme of dancing items, pipe at.d other music, songs, recitations, etc., has been arranged. Among the dancing items to be given will be the Ribbon Reel by the Low Family. This is a new and popular Scotch dance, and will, we are assured, be much appreciated by the audience. During the evening the presentation of a gold badge will be made to the Chief (Mr. J. Gall, J.R.) by Mr. A. Smith, J.P., of Hynam, and several speeches will be made by visitors and others, among whom it is expected will be Dr. MacDonald, Chief of the Mount Gambier Caledonian Society. Refresh ments will he provided twice during the 1 evening, and after the concert part of the programme is finished dancing will bo in dulged in by everyone. It has been de cided to permit the sale of tickets to the public on till and on.the eveninn of the social, so that anyone who may desire to purchase a ticket at the last moment will not be inconvenienced. Federation Meeting at Border Town.—Mr. D. Stoddart, Chairman of the Tatiara District Council, has made arrangements for Sir 11. C. Baker and the Hon. J. EL Gordbn to speak on federation in the Border Town Institute" on Saturday evening, May 21, .at 7.30 o'clock. -As both these gentlemen were delegates to the Federal Cobvention and are authorities on the Commonwealth Bill the Tatiara residents-will have an opportunity of .gaining jspme. knowledge from the speaker*! as to the lines on which it is proposed to federate the Australasian colonies. The meeting is advertised else where. Assisting the WidowFatheiocebs. ' —A meeting of gentlemen who ,-hare interested themselves in the collection of money for the assistance of "the wife ' and seven -children of -the late John P<»planj-a railway packer, who was living at Kalaiig adoo, bat died in the Mount Gam bier Hospital in August laBt, was .held {states the -Border Watcft)'at the Town; ? Hall Hotel on Friday evening. Mr.; F. H Daniel presided. MfV W. TTH'og'garth, District Railway Engineer, to whose efforts the success of the movement is chiefly due, read a list of the subscriptions •received, -from -which it appeared. that a total-of £97 da wasia:^^d.::ifn;ai('^i06 12s 9d had been received; inclusive of receipted account for 14s 9d, hat £812s 6d had been advanced to Mrs. Doolan and ,1s 6d bad. been paid for .exebanacs. ; It was agreed that tbe money Should 'be used for the purchase off a cottage for Mrs.: j Doolan and family^ hut that pending the finding of a Saitable one jrl jshouldibe 'de posited in the* Savings Bank. Mr. Dapiel * read-a draft' of the" conditions under which. ;the ; property: >wa$, jbe ;; hojff- ..Mrs. Doolau will have the uaef-of the 'cpt^ge for life:• In the*-event -of-heri marrying again ; the; property wilt bo- let for < the benefit of the . children,;of the -deceased. Messrs. Hoggkbhj Ji M. ^Jehs, eucf F. H. Daniel were, appointed trustees fori the investment of the money and supervision of the property, when secured, on behalf of the children. The following is frl list of the subscriptibusreceiyed Great, Northern Railway — Maintenance'Branch £14"Ss 6d, Traffic Branch I63-; Port ijirie, ? 'l'erowie, and-Cuckburn Line— Mainten-: ance Branch, £6 Os 6dj Midland System , — Maintenance Branch £tl 10s ; Traffic Branch. £11 6s, Loco -Branch - £5 19s j' Western System—' Maintenance'-Branch £10, Traffic Branch £2 8af5d, LocoBranch £1 lls OcI ; Southern System— Mainten ance Branch -£17 4s6d,Xoco Branch £2 3s; South-Eastern System— Maintenance Branch £8 7« 6d, lioco Branch £2 2s, Traffic Branch 78.dd-p"Cpllected by Loco Branch £4 8s dd; dor'By Maintenance Branch 5s; collected .by Mrs. Jena £7 3S; James Mountain (receipted account) 14s 9d; -total, £106 L2s9d. * Show Groond Bazam*.—- The Com mitteeof ladies who have the matter of arranging a bazaar in aid of tiie show ground funds, which it js iproposed to hold during show week,, are working energeti cally, and davoevery bopoofmakiBg the undertaking a big; success.. Promises of assistance have-Men'received freitn many,: and tlmla'dies^ glad'; to hear from anydne whb couldhelp in any way. Among the improvements --badly ^needed .Jto the, ground arp a^grand,T«tand and bicycle track, and'aV^y$ing' is now the popular sport we can never hope to make our outdoor gatherings the success they wtiuld be unless we-have a bicycle track -put down. -, Toiirns pf iesg; magnitude and importance than NarracoOrte1 have their recreation grounds fitted out with all necessary improvements, and this lias only been done by the holding pf concerts, bazaars, and like entertainments which bring in funds for snch purposes It is to be hoped therefore that the ladies who have the matter of arranging the show ground bazaar in band will receive substantial support.and ever.jv-encourage ment from the people of i life. District. Several meetings of ladies have-been held since the committee was formed, and good progress seems to ha ve^ been made with the arrangements. On Tuesday after noon, the ladies met at the .Institute *o further diecnss bazaar matters, when there were present Mesdantes Lewis (Secretary), Macmillan (Treasurer), T. fteid, Shoe bridge, floggftrth, Moore, J. "Campbell, Chaplin, Kingdon, Thomson^ and Miss •Wylie." An apology ivas received for the absence of Mra.-DeGaris. It-Was resolved that the fltallsbe managed by- the "com mittee as a whole instead of aS"previoueIy arranged. It has been decided to make an autograph quiltiu connection with the bazaar. Tickets SvilJ be issued at one shilling,each,^apd every pnrchaaer writes his or liernaniB-pn a piece ofthe material, wJnchTs- then-worked by the- ladies and eventually forms part of the qalit. Every ticket is numberedj and the purchaser ■stands a chance of wjnning t&eipiilt; when completed, the drawing being , conducted en tho...art. union.,,p.ririciple.; ■ Arrange ments were mads' at' Tuesday's meeting -for purchasing"the.insterial for the quilt. It was decided on "the motion of Mrs. rShoebridge that-sewing meetings in con nection with tlie bazaar be bfeld at the Institute evpry-Thursday afternoon. Anti-Federation Orators' and the Country.—There is a body in Adelaide, called the Anti-Commonwealth' League, a finnsirffipinrf developments in.Sbnth Australia of: late years ; but their mission is to oppose fed eration under theCdmmon wealth Bill. They came.into existence.five minutes ago —in a hurry, and scarcely know what they want or what to do. They were haunted with nightmares through aCommonwealth Bill transparency,' and they are altogether in a most distressful condition. They want to gel up .a cry of " another injustice to Ireland." A deputation from : this League waited upon the Premier on Toes day in sore distress. They 6aw the way in which the people were being misled, and they wished to pour into the ears of the unsophisticated country people words of their wisdom. To do this properly they desired ten free passes over the.rail?": ways for their orators wko had not seats in Parliament. .-They aigusd ^that those naughty people, the Federal delegates of South Australia, were scouring the country! with their oratory on free railway passes;1 and the League should have teen similarly, advantaged. They told-the Premier as the reputed great leader of Democracy in South Australia'he had- fallen from grace because lie was not a member of their" League, and if they obtained the free" railway passes they had hope of convert-.:; ing him. The Premier received the: deputation wreathed in his best smiles, and using his cutest diplomacy sent: the deputation away with more than what they wanted; but he had the best of the" encounter by cutting the ground from underneath their feet. He told them that if they bad studied the Commonwealth Bill as much as he had they would not have formed their League. He hoped therefore that they woald be beaten badly on polling day, and was sure there would be a triumphant majority for the Bill; but ho bad no obiection to th«m trvincr tn hoot bis side handsomely, and regretted they were so late in the field,- as "the more the j question was stirred up the" greater would j be the majority for the Bill. Mr. Kingston ; then promised them ten free passes, but to ! treat the other side with justice he would < also give them ten passes. The deputation complained that one of the Federal delega tes who was not a member of Parliament had a free pass whilst round the country talking on the Bill,and to make things even and so that they would enjoy the beating that was in store for them Mr. Kingston tk 11 - ... ........ uxi. iVIIJgBLUIl promised them 11 passes. The depu tation also complained about circulars in advocacy of the-Bill 'being.printed in the Government Printing Office, and the Pre mier promised that if the League drew up a manifesto within the next forty-eight bour^ he would have it done in the Govern ment office for them. 