ptcraturc. WILD EELIN: HER ESCAPADES. ADVENTURES, AND BITTER SORROWS. By WILLTAM BLACK. Author of 'A Daughter of Heth,' 'A Princess of Thule,' 'Madcap Violet,' 'In Far Lochaber,' 'White Heather,' 'Stand Fast, Craig- Royston,' ' Highland Cousins,' &c;, &o.; {Published by special arrangement with Hie Author. All rights reserved.] Chapter I. — Aliens. The calm of a Sabbath morning lay all along the wide valley, not a sound disturbed the per fect silence, save now and again the call of a curlew or the soft winnowing of a pesewepe's wings. The pools in the Garva River— deep and dark and tea-brown under the wooded banks, but of a bold clear turquoise bine out in the open — were still as glass ; while the shadows down by the ford, where the water raced and chased and glanced and glittered over the beds of pebbles, were so far away that the continuous smooth murmur of them was hardly audible in the basking and sunlit air. The heather was just getting to its richest bloom, so that the knolls and slopes and lower heights showed every hue and grada tion of warm rose- lilac, touched here and there with the yellowish-green of the bracken ; but above and beyond these the mountainous hills stretching to the west — the great undulating masses that looked out and over to Knoidart and Glenelg and Skye— were of a pale and ethereal azure, receding, billow after billow, and billow after billow, under the cloudless dome. In the midst of this strath stands Kinvaig House, once the plain a:id bare and unpre tentious ancestral home of the Macdonalds of Kinvaig, but now transformed into a modern shooting-lodge, with bay-windowed additions, kennels, and keepers' cottages, all complete. And on this particular moraine the profound sleep and silence that prevailed within the main building appeared to have extended to the outlying dependencies as well ; thero was no sign of life anywhere; if the people were awake — and surely they were awake at this hour— they did not choose to stir abroad ; the little hamlet was as the home of the dead. Indeed, it is a peculiarity of the Scottish peasant that, except in going to or returning from church — when there happens to be a church within reach— he is shy of showing himself on Sundays ; he prefers the inside of his dwelling and a godly book. But of a sudden the all- pervading stillness was broken in upon ; the front door of the lodge wasthrownopen withaclang; and therestepped forth a young man, bareheaded and in evening dress. Ho v/aa about six-and-twenty, under sized and stout, of irregular and podgy features and pasty complexion, clean-shaven, his blue-grey eyes looking bleared and bemused in unexpectedly facing the light, his close cropped fair- hair unkempt, his white necktie awry. In short, this person— who bore no less a name and title, than George Reginald y.N-ilbot Kit'/.-Itigram Ta'ylyour, 5th Marquess of jilouutmahon — had a general aspect of being partly butler and partly prize- fighter, with a dash of potboy thrown in ; while it was pretty evident that he had been.asleop in theee evening garments; and this in truth was the literal fact, for he had just stumbled along from the gun-room, where iie had passed the last half-dozen hours. , And at once the uproar beeran. 'Hero ! Hi ! Macalister ! — Sandy ! — Colin !— where the deuus have you got to.?' he bellowed. 'I want the dogs let out! Hi! Angus ! — where the blazes are you V' He stepped buck into the hall and returned with a whip, the horn handle of which con tained a whistle ; and on this instrument he blew and blew with a ferocity that sent the echoes flying along the hollow glen. ? In the midst of the clamor the under-sashof a window was ' raised and a head looked out. It was the head of a young1 woman, of rather attractive ap pearance, only that the beraddled faco gavo evidence that her pillow had not wholly robbed her complexion of its over-night powder and rouge. ' Oh, kennel up, you silly fool !' she called down to him in accents .of. equal anger and Bcorn. 'You silly idiot, why don't you let other people sleep if 'you can't sleep yourself ! Go and smother your head in a haystack !' He did not pay any attention to her taunts, ' but at this very moment her ladyship's pet spaniel, excited by tho noise and confusion, ? came rUBhing and barking along the hall.' Whether it did really mean to tear the podgy young man's clothing it is impossible to say, out at all events he seemed to think so, tor directly it reached the doorstep he struck at it viciously with his whip and tho next second it was howling1 and yelping through tho Lai! again. . . ; '.-i-'W-i .'? .?.,??'??-??;.: . ?. .?.?-..??? :-v. .''' ..': .''?.'. ..? . 'i ' ' You dreadful brute J' said the young woman with the patchwork face, and her eyes were glittering with rage. She vanished for an instant and imme diately reappeared, and now sho held in both hands a large ewer, which she heaved bodily out. Io missed the young man by just an inch . or two, falling on the flagstone with a terrific crash and splintering into a thousand frag ments. Ho noticed the smash, of course, but otherwise lie did not seem to comprehend what had occurred. This poor, stupid, be sotted oaf standing there did not know that he had been within an ace of discovering the Great Secret— the secret that has absorbed the longings and aspirations of the wisest of the earth since ever the human race began to think and wonder. ? But the bawling aud yelling had not been without result. There emerged into the sun light from the door of one of the cottages a tall, thin, quiet-visaged elderly man, who looked to see what was the matter ; and then in obedience to a further peremptory summons lie crossed the- open space of green sward and came along tho carriage drive. As he drew nearer he regarded in a concerned and scared way the shattered fragments of the ewer that lay about on the flagstone and on the adjacent gravel ; but his lordship did not vouchsajje any explanation. . ' Hero, you, Angus,' he said abruptly, 'go and put my rod together and bring it down to the Corran Pool. Aud the gaff and my fly book.' The old man seemed hardly willing to be lieve his ears. ' I'm sure,' said he, very gently and respect tuuy, your lordship will not be remembering — it's the Sabbath morning ? ' ' What's that to me, or to you, either?— go and get the rod— and at once.' ' I am not wishing to displease your lord ship,' said the grey-haired man with the deeply-liued brow and rather sad and sunken eyes, ' I am not wishing that at all ? ' ''Then you refuse?' said the potboy. 'Your lordship,' pleaded the other, 'I am not wishing to displease your lordship; but I have lived in Glengarva for over sixty years and I was never asked before to go fishing with a gentleman on the Sabbath-day. And I would not like my daughter to be hearing of it — or any that's related to me — or the minister ? ' ' Hold your row, then. You refuse ?' There was no answer — and no show of stubbornness ; only silence and resignation. ' Very well,' continued tho potboy vindic tively — or as vindictively as his thick speech allowed— 'very well. Out you pack. Do you hear? I'll give you twenty minutes to start off from this neighborhood ; and you can send for your things when you like. Do you understand now ? And don't you imagine Sir Charles Onne will interfere. He knows when he has a good tenant. I'm the master here. Do you understand now ? Out you — go — I give you twenty minutes.' The grave-faced old fisherman probably saw ' As your lordship wills,' he said submis sively, and with that he turned and left. A few minutes thereafter his lordship might have been seen wending his solitary way across the wide strath — a strange black bizarre figure in this sunlit world of light yellows and greys and greens. Apparently his dazed brain had abandoned or forgotten his project of going fishing, for he carried no rod, but all the same his uncertain steps were lead ing him to the river. And at length when he did reach the Corran Pool— at this point the j stream is shallow on the hither side, with level ' banks of sand, but on the further side it runs j deep aud dark under a steep brae hanging ! with birches — at this point lie stopped and i looked vaguely and aimlessly about him as if j not knowing how he had come there. Then he began to strip, throwing his clothes care- j lessly to the ground ; then the mother-naked man waded in ; then the yielding shingle gave underneath his feet ; finally he plunged for- j ward into the deeper water and struck out. | He was acrood swimmer, his bodv being built that way, and presently he was going well, ! hand over hand, with his legs jerking behind ! him liko the legs of a frog and yellow as tho legs of a frog by reason of the brown of the water. But if he was fat he was also scant of breath ; ere long he was on the bank again j puffing and blowing and wiping the water i from his eyes and from the short and stubby j hair of his bullet head. And then — as the : morning was sunny and warm — and a's he was fatigued— aud as he had a habit of humoriug | the whim of the moment — he palled on part of his underclothing to dry himself, he rolled up his waistcoat and put it on ' the eand to I serve as a pillow, he lay down and dragged his ! crumpled dress-coat over him, and in about I a couple of seconds was fast asleep. And now it was that two others came stroll ing across the spacious valley. The one was Lady Mountmahon, wtio had found time to re-incarnadine her cheeks and make up her heavily-marked eyebrows and eyelashes, and arrange the abundant masses of chaff-colored hair that flaunted themselves to the sun. She wore a loose morning-gown of light green satin, and a Balmoral bonnet of rose-red velvetjihat had an eagle's feather stuck ou one side of it. Her companion was a short and slim young man, of cadaverous hue, whose odd expression of eye and twisted mouth seemed to say that if he were not a comic actor then he had thrown away the chances bestowed upon him by a beneficent fate ; in deed, there was little doubt of his being what he himself would probably have called a ' pro' of some kind or other, just as jjnuy iyj.uuiiuiiiuiiuu iioibuu uau UQun wubu sue was famous as Carrie Milton, of the metro politan music - halls. This Mr. Arthur Hoskins, now walking with her, was clad in a knickerbocker suit of the most violent pattern— just about sufficient to bring down a grouse cock at 50 yards— but as he had not attempted the kilt much must be forgiven him. Botli of thorn were talking and jesting merrily ; their laughter was loud in the hushed autumn air. But presently she said — 'Arthur, rnon vieux, I'm afraid the whole of us are a bit dotty this morning after the wild games of last night. Do you know I came uoar to splitting open Mounty's bIcuII about an hour ago, though you mayn't think that possible. Oh, but it's true. He slashed my poor Tar tar in with that heavy dog-whip of his, and I was so mad with rage I pitched an empty ewer at him from the window ? ' 'Ew.er tho pitcher, in fact,' ho observed with a professional grin. ' You don't appear to recognise the gravity of the situation,' she replied coolly. ' It was very near kingdom come with that gay youth. And then what does he go and do? Why, he goes and sacks .old Angus! What next? First the headkecper ; now the water bailiff. Do you think Sir Charles. Orme will stand it? No, he won't ! He's not such a jay. These people look after his' interests. But I suppose Mouuty wants to got every decent aud respect able, person turned off the estate so that we shall be left to ourselves. And we're a pretty crew 1' 'Some .of us are, your ladyship,' her com panion said politely. 'Others of us have no pretensionsthat way.' ' ? 'Well, I won't lob Angus go,' she said with frowning brows. 'Blessed if I do ! He's a pal o' mine. A deoent, respectable, old man ike that ; why there's not one of, us fit to black his boots ? ' - ''I am— I admit it,' Hoskins put in, peni tently. ?.?'??? ? ' .--? ? . ??. :-..:,;.' 'Well, he'd -not going to leave 17 she con- tinued hotly. 'The decent old man! .jie.' shall not leave— he shall not ! I'll see Mubnty ? first— and that's all about it !' Her eyes were at this moment attracted by some black object lying ahead of them. 'And what's he up to now ? What is he up to now ?' she cried ih tones of hopeless vexa tion. ' Look at him ! Sleeping on the ground ! Another dress- suit gone — twenty guineas chucked — when you've got to take a corkscrew to get a fiver out of him—' But as they drew nearer and nearer to that motionless heap that lay prone on the sand her Bcrutiny had been growing more and more curious and suspicious, and at last she uttered a piercing phriek and stopped and shrank back. 'He's dead 1' she screamed, regarding the lifeless bundle with horror. ' It's a corpse ! I won't go near it ! I won't touch it ! ? ' Her companion went quickly on. 'He's all right, Lady Mountmahon,' he said, 'only a little out of gear. If your lady ship will Irindly turn your head for a ininuto I'll set him on his pins and get him into his clothes.' It was a difficult matter, for the drowsy man was sulky and sullen ; but after a time— with much patience on one side and a good deal of cursing on the other — the task was ac complished. And then his lordship had to face his wife. 'Aren't you sober yet, old Sleepitoff ?' she demanded scornfully. 'I'm hungry,' he said, with half -opened eyes. 'Hungry?' she retorted — and sho had a rancous tongue when she chose. 'Then its whisky hunger and that's what it is. \ou had supper at f- o'clock this morning and you were gorging like a hog and drinking like a fish.' , 'Oh, hold your jnw or I'll brain you,' he muttered. 'Here, Arthur, give me a cigar.' 'Arthur, you won't do anything of the kind,' she interposed peremptorily. 'As for you, old muddlehead, do you want to be made sick? And I wonder how we're going to get you smuggled into the house without the ser vants seeing you? An eiegant object you are, to be sure. They might set you up for a scare crow if only you looked a little more like a man ? ' 'Will you hold your row, you putter-snipe, or I'll gouge your eyes out,' his lordship growled. But there was no great danger in the threat— and ahe knew it. Indeed something else now claimed her at tention, as she kept glancing eagerly forward. The silent lodge they had left amid its pastoral ftllrrnnnr^infra Im.rl Kapn t.ranafnrmoH infcrt n. scene of feverish activity ; the members of the house-party had all come outside and were as busy as ants; the gentlemen were carrying dishes, joints, knives, fork's, crystal, and the like ; the ladies were engaged in laying out a table that had been brought on to the lawn ; this one called to that and that to this ; gaudy costumes flitted to and fro, a kind of witches' carnival seemed in progress, with an abundance of bandied jibes and giggling. 'And why the— who the— what the— mischief are they doing now ?' exclaimed the hostess of these people. ' I should say they were going to give us breakfast, or luncheon, or whatever it is, out of doors,' replied Arthur Hoskins. 'Oh, very well,' she said good- naturedly. And then she turned to her husband— 'Here, wake up, Mouuty, man. Wake up and give yourself a show. You know you're not such a had old crock, if you wouldn't go and drink yourself blind.' She dusted the 6aud from his clothes aud tried to make him look a little moro presentable. 'We'll start you on a tumbler of fizz and that will put some life into you. I see they've told the servants to keep indoors. Quite right. You'll have to take the head of the table and I'm sure you'll be a beautiful example to all of us iu the way of sobriety and wisdom and wit.' And at last the things were ready ; the hoat and hostess took their places ; and at once the riff-raff crowd began their carouse. There was a tea-urn on the table it is true, but it was not brought into requisition, for standing well in evidence were a few bottles of champagne, and when these had been passed round and exhausted Lady Mountmahon kept sending One of her 'bays,' as she called them, for more, and more, and more, so that in time the fictitious mirth rose to an extra ordinary pitch. Everyone was talking at once, no one heeding the other ; even a loudly-challenged statement gave no pause ; jeers aud derisive laughter provoked no retort, so fiercely and furiously did the wassail rage. But when the delights of eating and drinking were Beginning to pall it occurred to a cunning youth who had brought out his banjo with him that he could not only vary the programme but alsocheckthisflooded torreutof excited verbiage. He got the instrument from under his chair und twanged a few chords, which were in stantly recognised. 'Let's have it, Johnny !' bawled his lord ship, who was now as vociferous and hilarious as any of them. The tumult momentarily ceased and in the unnatural calm that followed a thin cracked voice arose recounting the adventures of a cer tain Sairey Jane. It was a poor, weak, con temptible performance— the only strength of it lying in its coarse suggestiveness, but at the end of each 'verse the whole table came in with an exultant, strident, discordant chorus Now mind you, Sairey Jane, Whatever you may do, That the miisus, 0 Ihe missus, That the missus can play pranks as well as you. Then someone called out ' A Barn-door !' — and someone else called out, 'Yea, a Barn door !' — and their hostess, jumping to her feet, cried aloud, ' Very well, get your partners !' — at which there was a scrambling up from the table and a general snatching and pushing and shuffling that gradually resolved itself until the expectant couples waited the signal from the banjo. Now the ' Barn-door' can be danced with perfect propriety ; it can also be danced with impropriety, not to say indeoency, according to the temperament of the onlooker ; and on this occasion, as soon as the banjo had started them off, it was. pretty obvious that these people meant to 'let them-, selves go. ' Nay, they warmed to their work — those hot-eyed Bacohauals and frenzied Corybantes ; there were collisions and shrieks that startled the still air ; the women vied with each other iu their display of white undor-skirt ; theTnen roared with laughter in encouraging them. In short— for the subject is not an alluring one —it looked as if hull had broken loose in Glengarva on this peaceful Sabbath morning; but a tawdry, vulgar, sordid bell ; the hell of Piccadilly Circus when the music-halls have vomited forth their vilest. Chapter II. — Fhom Over thk'Ska. On this same day an open landau was being, driven out from . Invergarva bringing two strangers into the secluded glen. One ot them was an old man of striking appearance— an old man of quite unusual 'stature; his long flowing beard of a yellowish-whjte ; his pinched, and pinkish features speaking, of habitual ex posure to the weather { a dark-blue Balmoral bonnet crowning his picturesque1; head.' His companion was a much younger man — about thirty or so— and not nearly so fall, but of great muscular, breadth of frame; his face thoughtful and refined ; . his clear brown eyes steady and contemplative, and kindly withal. These two wore, father and soil, and the latter' was describing to the former— who ap peared to be stone-blind— the various points of the landscape as they came into' view, though hejpjs .continually being rntemiptod/for Mm ola^luivn kept cagei'ly euggeBtiBg-iitiiB or that ] detail borrowed from his own mental picture to find out if he had remembered rightly through the long interval of years. 'Yes, yes,' Ii9 was saying in an excited fashion — and, if he did not see, he certainly seemed to see. and vividly— 'that's the Brae Pool — the steep bank and the bushes— a terrible place for losing flies. And there's a big rock up at the corner — can you make it out, lad ?— and a great black hole underneath— I wonder none of us boys were ever drowned there — when we were after rowans or nuts ; and then from the corner- there's a wide stretch of shingle and sand leading away along to the Whirlpool— isn't that so, Somerled ?' 'Quite right, father,' the other made answer. 'And in the middle of the valley, on the shingle, there are the stumps of one or two uprooted trees— nearly white— and half buried ? ' ' What, still there ?' ho exclaimed. ' Why, man, those were the trees that came down in the great flood !— well I mind it — the water was up to tho doorstep of Kinvaig House — and the ferry boat was whirled away along to Farlies. So the big roots are still sticking out of the sand ?— co think of that now !— a fine hiding-place they wera for us boys for any thing the keepers were not to see.' 'There appears io be a small church on the top of the hill just in front of us.' ' Of course, mail, of course ! Kinvaig church ! Bat how should you 'know ? And it's a pity there's no service today; maybe one or two of the old folk might have re membered tho tall teacher. That was my name iu the Gaelic— the tall teacher. Ay, '1 was a long-legged lad; I could put the mile3 behind me. And so we've come to the steop hill — and the church ; there used to be a row of Scotch first— along the crest ? ' 'Just beyond the church— yes.' ' Well I mind them — well, well ; aud larches sloping down the other side—a famous place for the roe when we were beating the woods. And the firs — the Scotch firs — they're a land mark ; they're visible all the way from Benan Sloich, or Ben Vora, or even as far west as Strathgorm, and they tell to everyone that near by is the old burying-place of the Mac donalds of Kinvaig. My word for it, Somer led, when1 we bade good-bye a week or two ago to the Macdonalds of the Canadian Kin vaig, I warrant you there were many of them thinking of the Scotch firs on the crest of tho hill.' Tha horses toiled up the long ascent, and when they had reached the summit the driver was bidden to halt in front of the entrance to the church and churchyard. Somerled Mac donald got out first to assist his father ; but indeed when the splendid old man stood in the road, bearing his six feet four of heierht right nobly, he did not look as if he were much in need of help — had it not been for his lack of vision. Then the younger man opened a wooden box that was on the front seat of the carriage and took therefrom a wreath of ever groen ; this ho handed to his father; then he placed hi3 fingers lightly on the old man's arm and the two of them entered the email grave yUrd on the hill. These were humble and unpretentious tomb stones for the most part and nearly all of them bearing the name of Macdonald ; but there was one of somewhat more importance— a tall Iona cross it was, of red granite — and to this the younger man made his way. His surmise was correct; he read the legend 'tineas John Macdonald, of Kinvaig.' 'It is just in front of you, father,' he said. The old man felt for his footing and put out his hand and touched the stone ; then hs re moved his cap, he knelt down on one knee and reverently placed the wreath at the foot of the cros3. In the midst of the cu-.mingly inter twisted evergreens there was a simply written card bearing these words — ' Homage at the grave of our chief— from the Macdonalds of Kinvaig, Ontario, Canada.' Old Allan Mac donald remained kneeling there for several minutes ; then he rose, ready to bo led away. ' Father,' said his son, 'the flowers on the grave ara quite fresh— they have been recently tended.' 'Ay, do ye say that?' the old man re sponded quickly. 'Maybe, then, the Bean au-Tighearn* herself and Miss Eelin have been here. It would have been strange if we had met them just at the goal of our pilgrimage. But it is of little matter it we have missed them ; they will surely not take it ill it I make so bold as to call on them when we get to In vernish and tell them of your errand.' Then he paused for a moment, standing very erect, as if ho were gazing abroad with his' sightless eye3. 'Somerled, tell me all you can see. Tell ma all you can see, out to the farthest hills.' It was a difficult task, for Somerled Macdonald had never been in this country side before, and could only describe by ap pearances, not by names ; but the blind man appeared to recognise feature after feature of the landscape, and followed the recapitulation with intenseafc interest. And then — having burned the vision into his brain — he suffered himself to be taken back to the carriage, and they resumed their journey. 'For you must boo the big house, lad,' he said ; 'and we'll put up the horses at Bridge of Kinvaig ; and maybe we'll find some old body who remembers the tall teacher. .And then I would liko to go down to the Garva and sit on the banks for a while. Indeed, that is what has made me drive out on a Sunday, at the risk of offending some of the stricter folk ; but I wanted to hear ence more the Sabbath silence of Glengarva. It's the strangest thing. I've never heard it anywhere 'else'; but I re member it well as a boy— the Sabbath morn ing stillness that you could sit and listen to, just as At all the world was whispering to it aolf. I wonder if I shall be able to hear it now. Perhaps it's only in youth you can hear it, when you are wandering about alone and thinking of many things. But I should like to try — now that I am in Glengarva once more — and on a still Sabbath morning. I'm think ing, Somerled, we'll take a bit of a stroll down the strath when once we've left the landau at the inn ; I suppose the quiet) corners by the river side are just the same as ever they were.' And so they drove on along the winding valley, until, from the- lofty road they were following, they came to overlook a moderately sized mansion and its dependencies, set in a level space some way back from the stream. But though Somerled Macdonald guessed readily enough that this was Kinvaig House ho did not speak; his whole attention was absorbed by a motley group of people who were lounging in various attitudes around the table out on the lawn, while the array of cham pagne bottles on the white cloth.lopked incom prehensible 'enough at this early hour. More over, he could see that one of those persons was twanging away at a banjo, and presently there came the echo— so faint as to be almost inaudible— of a raucous chorus. And then— as he stared and better stared in amazement behold ! those half- recumbent figures sprang to their feet ; there were scurry ings this way and that ; and finally the whole gang broke, into a witches' dance of capering and . kicking, with flying toes and tossing skirts, while now and again, even at this distance, the hushed -air brought tho Bound of a .brainless yelp or scream. Now young Macdonald had tumbled about .the world a good deal ; he was tolerant of the manners and customs of other people ; but the question was how to get the old' man past without his becoming aware of what would .'doubtless appear to him an absolute horror of desecration. ' The Sabbath silence of. Glengarva 1— a Carmagnole instead ! And as ill-luck would have it old Allan Macdonald's remembrance of his native Btratb : proved to be only too accurate. 'Surely, lad, we should be about opposite Kinvaig House now ?' 'Just down below us, father— out there in the open.' Then the old man would have the carriage stopped and would have the house minutely described to him — the little square old build* ing and its ivy, the modern wings with their bay windows, tho background of shrubbery, and so forth. 'I suppose there's no one about ?' . ' Not a soul,' his son anMvered desperatoly. _ 'A singular thing now,' the old man con tinued,, ' I fancied a moment or two ago £ heard a sound of singing — distant sing ing ? ' '@h, that is quito a common delusion when there's a wide space around you,' Somerled rejoined instantly. 'I've often seemed to hear that at sea, The fact if, the ear is quite as imaginative as the eye. It plays tricks. Ib heard imaginary music, just as the eye sees imaginary ghosts ? ' 'Strange — strange,' the old man said — and he was evidently listening with tho concuatra tion peculiar to the blind. ' I could almost swear that even now there is some kind of measured tapping — like some musical instru ment ? ' 'Father,' said the younger man, affecting to laugh the matter away, 'your ear is too fanciful ; you'll hear the grass growing next— or Knight Roland blowing his magic horn. Go ahead, driver !' And for the moment that danger was escaped. But worse was iu store. For as they de scended from these lofty heights to Bridge of Kinvaig and cross the river the solitary little inn cams in view, and here also there was an unwonted tumult. Two men, bare-headed and in shirt-sleeved, wero out in the middle of the road playing pitch-and-toss with half-crowns ; a third sat cross-legged ou the gravel ; a fourth lay at full length on the long box used for holding fishing-rods, aud all of tliern were bawl ing bets at each other aud cursing each other with a cheerful lack of discrimination. Through these worthier a general family resemblance ran— short stature, heavy shoulders, hairless faco, bullet-head, and more or lesb broken nose ; and if they were too bulbous to be pugilists in proper training, pugilists of some kind they undoubtedly were — pugilists carousing, in fact, for there was a plenitude of tumblers about aud some half-empty champagne bottles stood ranged along the window-sill of the inn. Of course as tho landau drove up the curiosity of this sorry crew overcame the prevailing clamor, and in the temporary truce Somerled Macdonald hurried his father into the small hostelry, hoping that he had heard nothing. Fortunately the two travellers were able to secure a tiny back parlor to themselves, and when the younger man had rung the bell and asked the servant-lass to get ready what luncheon was procurable- he thought he would saunter out by himself to see what manner oE persons these were who had invaded this remote Highland glen. They themselves were not likely to inform him, for as he paused on the threshold he discovered that a savage quarrel had by this time broken out over the betting, so that the air was thick with oaths and asseverations and crimson adjectives. Indeed they took no notice of him, and so he strolled on towards the river ; he perceived that a man his fattier and he had passed on the way was now coining- down to tho bridge — a decent- lookinsr elderly man with whom ho planned to have a few words. 'I beg your pardon, but may I ask if you bolong to these parts ?' he said to the new comer. 'I did, eir, until this morning,' replied old Angus the fisherman. 'I have boen living in this strath ever since I was a boy, but I am sent away now.' 'How is that?'1 This younger Macdonald had a curpusly direct way of speech and straightforward eyes ; he had the air of one accustomed to govern men. The story was briefly told. 'Her ladyship was asking me to stay,' old Angus added honestly. 'But I am not wish ing to make any quarrel.' 'And what are you going to do now?' was the next abrupt question. ' I'm going out west to Ban Vora,' 6aid tha old gillie in a quiet resigned way. ' My daughter is in service there at the lodge and she's a good lass ; she will put up with me for a while until I get a new place. But maybo— maybe — I have been thinking— I will b9 too far on in years to seek for a now place now.' ' You need not trouble yourself about that,' said Somerled Macdonald in his curb fashion. 'And you need not trouble your daughter either. I will get you a new place or its equivalent — if you like to trust mo.' The old men looked bewildered ; he was not used to find good fortune drop from tha skies. 'Would the gentleman ba telling ma his name?' he said timidly. 'My name? Oh, that's nothing. I dare say you never heard of me. But you've heard of my father, no doubt. Ha ought to be known in tin's district. You've heard of Mr. Allan Macdonald, of Canada ? ' ' Him that was sending the free passes f 'The same. Well, he is my father and ho is in the inn there ; come along and see him ! I shouldn't wonder if you and he hadn't many recollections in common of former days and the old people. Then we'll get a bit of some thing to eat ; andyou'lldriveback with uatoln vergarva, and to-morrow you'll goon with us to Invernisu. I suppose there are several of the Kinvaig Macdoualds in Invernish ?' 'Oh, yes, that, sir.' 'And you wouldn't mind living in a town ! If you were to get some employment in Inver nish you would feel yourself just as much at home there as here ?' ' Far more, sir, far more. Thero's no home here for me now,' answered old Anjua. 'Then set your mind at rest, said the younger man in a kind of authoritative way — but perhaps his bluntness was duo to business habits and a long-acquired habit of saving, every minute of time. ' I'll get-some place for. you in Invernish with not too heavy work; and if you still crave for the river-Bide, you can have a turn at the Nish on the free days, you know. So come along and see my father. But first of all, tell mo who are these men in the roadway there?' ?' ? .. ?; 'They are the prize-fighters, sir, that his lord-, ; ,- ship keeps at the inn,' was the reply uttered ?'.? in a low voioe so that no one should i overhear.. ?: 'And in the evening they go down to the big house to amuse the gentry.' . . , 'God help us all,' said Somerled half to himself. 'I wonder how I am going to geb - my father out of this infernal den without his . suspecting anything? And this is what has. come to Glengarva and to the old home of tha : Macdonalds of Kinvaig ?' ? . '.,-? , They got through the brawling gang with out molestation and entered the little back parlor; and greatly delighted was old Allan ?. Macdonald to find a f ello w-olanaman who. .could remember the small thatched cottage in which the tall teaoher had taught his .elementary: . ': class tive-and-forty years before. There were . ? all sorts of reminiscences and eager questions! '? and willing answers, but ever and anpntho ''.''.; home-comer from Canada would bring the talk ' :;, back to the. Bean-an-Tighearn and Miss Eelin, . . ?.'; the mother and daughter- who -in a way reprei ,'( sented the sentimental chief tianship of tha Kinvaig Macdon&lds.; r£yere,.tnBy approagh- '. ,: able ladieB?ryhey.%nu)d.inQtil;akeit j}l-if two ??'?'? strangers-7-olaiining to' be of .the clan , and ; hailing from afar xouqtry-twished tp cijll'oir them and pay thpic respects to them? Or per- ? haps' they would rather not, be reiainiio'J of ?*- ' :.; proud position once held by their family? 'Obey 'might resent intrusion! Well, these were rather recondite questions for the old water bailiff, who, besides with all a High lander's caution, was anxious not to. commit himself and give offence ; but on one point old Angus was explicit enough. 'There is not in ahl the Highlands, he ra, 'two leddiee that are as kind as them, am sure of it. There is nothing they will not try to do for the poor people and the old people of Glengarva; the sewing and the knitting and the sending of wool and ? the buying of the stockings when they are made. And everyone knows it is not because they are rich, for it is many a day since the estate passed . away from the family ; but the Bean-an-Tighearn and { Miss Eeling they will always be having a- little help for any one that is eick. And there is the parcels- post nowadays— they have not to come aweta down from Invernish ? ' 'But I suppose they sometimes pay the old place a viaitr ' Is it Kinvaig ?' said old Angus in obvious eurprise— perhaps even in a kind of hurt way. 'The Bean-an- Tighearn and Miss Eelin would not be coming near the big house now ? ' He stopped suddenly and then he said in an evasive manner — 'When they are driving out from Invergarva to put flowers on the grave etone mebbe there is not much time to get back to catch the evening steamer. And I am not thinking they are very well acquent with his lordship.' ' And when you were sent adrift thiB morn ing — as my son tells me— had you no idea of turning to the Bean an- Tigbearn for assistance of one bind or another?' 'While I have my two hands left to me,' eaid Angus with quiet dignity, 'it is not me that would be troubling the Bean-an-Tighearn for anything ; she has plenty of others to look after.' At this point lunoheon was brought in and the servant-lass was bidden to set another place at table. But they could not persuade the old fisherman to sit down with them ; he Baid be would go into the kitchen and get a bite, and he would be waiting outside for the gentlemen if they were so kind as to tbink of taking him with them to the town of Inver nisb. When he had gone the tall teacher said proudly— 'You see, lad, I'm not quite forgotten m my native glen, even apart from the emigration business. And when we've finished luncheon well just stroll down to the river-side and wander along for a while to find out if my memory serves. And if we were to get as far as Kinvaig House I might chance to see his lordship ; I'm sure it was only a bit of temper Iria dismissing the old gillie that has been ?water-bailiff for so many years.' ' Surely you're not going to beg that he should be taken back 1' the son said indig nantly. 'Oh, well, 'no— no. He'll be better with you if you have undertaken to look after him : he'll discover he has got into safe hands. We'll merely take a stroll along the strath as far as Kinvaig House ? ' But at this point Someried Macdonald broke out in desperation — 'Father, you're not going anywhere near Kinvaic? House, and I'll tell you why. I have been concealing the truth from you and it's better you should know it. You did hear music as we came by — the strumming of a banjo at least ; and there was a crowd of men and women on the lawn at Kinvaig dancing and shrieking and kicking their heels in the air— most o£ them drunk, I should say, from the number of bottles on the table. And this very inn is the headquarters of a lot of prize fighters and at this moment they're out at the \- front bawling, blaspheming, and drinking and Rambling, and they re maintained here by his lordship that they may amuse the ladies and gentlemen at the lodge. Fah, the whole place reeks with abominations — a sink of iniquity ; and if you want to have the Glengarva of your youth'restored, why you'll just have to buy the etrath from end to end and flood it down with carbolic acid and clear out this mangy riff-raff and bring back a few decent Highland folk either from Invernish or from Ontario ? ' ?'What's this you're saying, laddie? Are ye out of your senses ?' the older man cried in bewilderment. So there had to be a more minute and de tailed description, but the refrain was ever the came— ''Buy back the glen, father, and sweep out that scum !' 'Na, na, lad,' said the other more quietly, v that's a scheme that springs quickly enough to a young brain like yours. It's nothing to you— you the great pioneer— the great railroad king — to think of drafting a population here or there ; but such enterprises are not for me at my years ? ' 'And who founded Kinvaig in Ontario?' demanded bis son. ' That was a while ago— a while ago,' he answered absently, and then he said — ' Well, Someried, if this is the state of affairs in Glengarva we'd better quit Let's go away back at once. Ring and send word to have the horses put to.' f|So they prepared to leave, but they were not to be allowed to depart in peace. When they got outside they found the landau awaiting them and Angus Macdonald on the box beside the driver ; and they were about to cross the intervening few yards to enter the carriage when one of the bullet-beaded bystanders called out — 'You there, Conky, give the bloomin' giant a drink !' The person called Conky, who bad possessed himself of a bottle and glass for his own private use, at once interposed between the blind man and the dopr of the landau. ; 'Here y'are, sir I' and be thrust forward a half-filled glass. 'No, thanks— no, thanks!' said Someried Macdonald, impatient and frowning, as he tried to guide his father into the carriage. \- But the crop-haired fool would not bulge, eo there was nothing for it but to push him aside— gently but firmly to push him aside. And in an instant peace had become war. 'Who are you a-shovin' of, you ? ? You a gemman— you? Til give you half a minute to take oS your coat— half a minute, neither more nor less, you ? .'?' And with that he dashed the bottle and glass on to the gravel awj came striding forward, not even allowing the 3tt seconds of proffered truce. ? LNow here was the problem to be solved. Given A, a perfectly pacific person, ignorant of fisticuffs, and B, a professional bruiser bent on furious fight— how is A to escape from the : situation with any measure of safety? The eolation is simple if A have sufficient nerve. . AU be has to do is suddenly, with his left : hand, to snatch off his hat or cap and bring it violently down on B's face, and the man is not ? of woman born who can avoid flinging up both arms to guard himself against such an amazing attack ; at the same moment A drives ' . his right fist into whatever portion of B's car ?''?? ease is nearest him ; and the next second B is ''??' '-':? prone in the roadway, *doubled-up and amor phous heap. It is not, perhaps, an altogether ?'/'? Sportsmanlike manoeuvre, but in certain cir eamstanees it is distinctly legitimate, and it is -?; tmSoabtedly effective. On this occasion what Happened happened all in the twinkling of an eye, and the Broken-nosed bully wentswing ?-???? Jag into the j?utter, where he lay with his ' elbows interclasped, like a monkey embracing .?' acoeoanut. The strange thing waa that iis ' chuTOB made no effort to take his part'-nay, ^:r-i&^$&:^l.?^-J.&b;%:1» teethe T ^ i^natoiBoBef X&MWfuW; tnere, Copfey, j# ^^?^^^rawB^^wi^B^iB^^Hrj';-; ; :?-???.? ??;?- 'Someried,' said old Allan Maodonald as they drove away, 'what was all that about?' . 'Ob, nothing, father, nothing,' was the' feply. . 'I thought I heard a man go down with a crash.' 'Oh, well' — and here Someried Macdonald did smile a little— 'perhaps he's thinking now he has got a toothache— but it isn't in the place where toothache is usually felt. (To be continued.) 