SUMMARY OF NEWS. It is understood that the Dental Board still declines to register Mr. Ralph Potts. In the football match West Perth v. Rovers, played on Saturday, the former won, scoring 12 goals 8 behinds against 5 goals d behinds obtained by their opponents. The Medical Department of the colony has decided to no longer quarantine in cases of scarlet fever and measles. The Department is also in communication with the authorities in Sydney and Melbourne with a view to the initia- tion of a uniform system of quarantine in cases of small-pox. Public meetings were held at Kalgoorlie on Saturday and the Boulder on Sunday, when propositions were carried protesting against the action of Parliament and the Government in connection with the Ivanhoe Venture alluvial trouble. Early yesterday morning burglars carted away the safe from the Horseshoe Railway Station, Kalgoorlie. They secured £37. A severe gale at Fremantle on Friday night caused considerable damage to the Esplanade and the Western Australian Smelting "Works. Mr. Balfour, the leader of the House of Commons, has expressed his hearty sympathy with the Czar's disarmament proposals. " The French Ambassador at Berlin asserts that disarmament will be impossible until Egypt and the Suez Canal are freed from British control. A plot has been discovered in Hungary having for its object the assassination of the Premier, Baron Banffy. Signor Sacco, the fasting man, has just completed a period extending over thirty-three days of total abstention from food. Vessels of all nations are being freely admitted to the port of Manila. President Kruger, without the consent of the British Government, has closed the Zand " drifts " or waggon roads to oversea frame. M. Blowitz, the Paris correspondent of the Times, states that Germany re- frained from clearing Dreyfus, fearing that the revelations that would be necessary would lead to the displacement from the French War Office of General Boisdeffre, whose incapacity favoured Germany. Speaking at Liverpool on Friday, Lord Brassey referred to Australia as an im- pregnable Imperial outpost, which might also be rendered capable of offensive operations. The Trades Union Congress now in session at Bristol has pronounced in favour of Socialism to the extent of the nationalisation of the means of production, distribution, and exchange. A railway accident at Wellingborough, in Northamptonshire, England, on Friday last, resulted in six persons being killed and in eight others being injured. The Russian newspapers are warning France that it is useless for her to expect Russian help in recovering from Germany the lost provinces of Alsace and Lorraine. Omdurman has been captured by General Kitchener. The Khalifa, with his entire force, advanced three miles from the city to meet the Anglo-Egyptian, and was twice repulsed with heavy loss. The Dervishes were in the end completely dispersed. The Khalifa, who fled with some of his followers, is being pursued by the British cavalry. Mr. Charles Neufeld, a German, who has been a prisoner at Omdurman since 1887, and 150 other captives were released by order of" the Sirdar. M. Cavaignac, the French Minister of War, has resigned, refusing to be a party to a revision of the Dreyfus Court-Martial. Maurice Regan, aged 22, a dryblower, was killed near Coolgardie yesterday through a large quantity of earth falling on him. In Saturday's football contest at Fremantle the Fremantle team kicked 2 goals 15 behinds to 2 goals ll-behinds of East Fremantle, thus winning by 4 points. The local association football season closed on Saturday, the Fremantle team gaining the premiership by 1 point from West Perth. The New South Wales authorities are taking special measures to prevent the state of cancerous or tuberculous meat. During the last 10 days a practical joker, in the traditional garb of a ghost, has been promenading the suburbs of Bendigo after nightfall. All attempts at his capture have failed. 