Current -3fapic0. 'The Cornish Magazine,' edited by A. T. Quiller-Coueh, and published by Mr. Joseph Pollard, of Truro, has readied its fourth number, it is still far less known than it ought to be for a periodical which, while appealing, of course, in a special way to the sentiment of a race in whom local pride is proverbial, also (ills a not undis tinguished position in the general litera ture oi tne clay. ine v.ornis-n flavor by no means detracts from its interest as regards the ordinary reader, yet is sufficient to render the magazine of great value to people connected by birth or associations with the ancient county it commemorates. As 'Punch' puts it, 'Q' has designed his net 'to catch other fish than pilchards.' Some of the best work of this prince of short story-tellers appears in its pages, and, as will be seen from an advertisement in another column, he has enlisted under his banner several notable contributors, 'lne fourth number (October) well maintains the promise of the first, which we noticed at some lengthy on its appearance. A feature is made of places and objects of interest in Cornwall, aud of people who have shed lustre on the county. In the September issue Mr. Henry Lucy led off with a sketch of Mr. Leonard Courtney, and this time the place of honor is filled by an exceedingly readable article on 'Footprints of the Wesleys in Cornwall,' by 11. Arthur Smith. 'Q's' well-told story of ''The Bur glary Club'' is quite in his usual vein, and another tale which arrests attention is one entitled ''A Cornish ghost story,' which appeared in print as long ago as 1720, when it was supposed to have been writ ten by Daniel Defoe, because it was pub lished along with other matter in a pamph let under his auspices. Defoe, however, declared that the story was written, not by himself, but by the Kev. John Ruddle, of Launceston, and this account of its origin is confirmed by Mr. Alfred Robbins, who semis it to 'The Cornish Magazine.' An article on 'The Collegia le Church of St. Buryan,' begun in the previous num ber, is concluded. A description is given of Port Elliot (the historical home of the famous Eliots) iu the form of an interview which the contributor, Laura Alex. Smith, had with Lady Ger mans. Of special interest is the account which E. T. Sachs gives of Lord Fal mouth's racing stud, introducing a refe rence to the late Matt Dawson. The il lustrations are remarkable for their ex cellence, and are unsurpassed by those of any of the high-class pictorial magazines of the day. 'A Cornish Moor land,' which forms the frontis piece of the October number, is a beautiful scene, exquisitely reproduced from a photograph. From the usual page of 'Cornish Diamonds' we take the fol lowing: — Uncle Billy was discussing pro nunciation with a ship's captain from Dundee. 'See here,' the Scotsman said, 'in the West of England, now, div ye say 'nayther' or 'neether'?' Uncle Billy — 'Nather; us dawn't use the expression.' E. Jones thinks the names of the cer tainties of the next Australian Eleven, which is to go to England for the ensuing season, will be made public shortly after Christmas. In all probability seven men will be selected about the time that the South Australian intercolonial team is in Sydney, in order that the players will have plenty of time in which to get ready for their departure. The matter was only in formally discussed by some of the men who will form part of the contingent during the recent game between Victoria and South Australia, but it was stated that there was not much doubt that the Australians will play at least one match against the next best team of com bined Australia ere they depart. In 1896 some little trouble resulted from the selec tion committee picking the Australians be fore the game against the combined eleven took place, and no doubt in order to avoid anything approaching that two or three vacancies will be left. G. H. S. Tfott is, oi course,- laid aside by illness, and another leader for Australia will have to be select ted. When it is remembered that last sea son so many good players showed form it will be conceded that the task of selecting a team, representative of the cricketing strength of the colonies is not a light one. Here is alist of nine whose claims will be considered at the outset:— ti. E. Gregory, lredale, U. MeLeod, Noble, Kelly, Jones, Darling, Hill, Trumble. As to G. Gifferi, McKibbin, Worrall, Graham, Pye, ana Johns, their chances would prooably only be considered in the event of their display ing really brilliant cricket. Interest will be taken in the question of the selection shortly, and without doubt the public will await the decision of the selection com mittee with anxiety. Some big cricket will be played in Eng land and Australia during 1899 and 1900. In the first place the Australians, who, about March next will leave for the old land, will have to play a number of impor tant games, as their English programme will include five test matches. After the defeats inflicted on Stoddart's team in the international games in Australia last sum mer Englishmen will make a great effort to regain the sacred ashes of cricket, and the home authorities will oppose the Aus tralians with strong teams. Then in 1900 Prince Ranjitsinhji has arranged to tour Australia with an English eleven rep resentative of the full strength of the old country, so that the coming two years will witness plenty of first-class cricket. Then it is stated on good authority that there is every likelihood of a big effort being made in India to send an Oriental team, com prising all the best x'arsee and native cricketers in the country, to play a series of matches in England during the season of 1900. The promoters of the scheme in tend, it is said, to approach H.H. the Maharajah of Patiala with a proposal to captain the team, and, furthermore, are hopeful that Prince Ranjitsinhji will play for it. With the team captained by it * Maharajah, and including at least two princes in it, it is confidently felt in India, that the tour would be a financial success. With the Maharajah, Ranjitsinhji, Jaya ram, Mistry, and Paori there would be at least the 'nucleus of a strong side, which would be completed from among the best Parsee, Patiala, and Mayo College players. Jayaram, the Madras cricketer, is said to be quite first class, and the Maharajah also. Mistry and Paori, it is also believed, would be certain to shape well iu good company. Writing from India a short time ago, Mr. Arnold Ferry stated that H.H. the Maharajah of Patiala was anxious to come out and see the Mel bourne Cup of 1899 or 1900. His highness is a wealthy man, who keeps a big stable full of horses, and he is a keen sportsman. What a sensation it would create if Prince Ranjitsinhji, who seems to have set all India playing cricket, could induce his dis tinguished countryman to bring his cricketers out to Australia. The addresses by counsel in Har rold Bros.' case began ou Monday, and it has been estimated that they will last at least seven days. Then there will be the judgment of the Commissioner, aud as the court will probably only sit two and a half days a wedk it is very problematical whether the end of the case or the end of the year will arrive first. The chances are that it will ba 1899 before the certificates are awarded, with the possibility of some thing being said about the costs after that. Mr. Baker opened the ball on Monday, and he had not finished when the court adjourned. All his arguments were in tended to prove that when Joseph Har rold died, in 1891, the firm was insolvent, aud with that object he minutely analysed the balance-sheets, A. L. Harrold's evi dence, and the insolvents' schedule. He pointed to many valuations of assets which he said were altogether too high, and summed up his calculations by stating that instead of the balance-sheet for the year endins June 30, 1891, shoving a surplus of £38,000, it should have shown a de ficiency of £71,180, and if that were cor rect, by reckoning back the firm would rmlH- linrf* liiipn inc/iK-nn f m- 1RG7 Tin came to that result by taking up the posi tion that a large amount of the assets, which were either overvalued or did not exist in 1896, should have been written off in 1891. The depreciation in values could not all have taken place in 1896. He held that the dpficirnrv in the estate in Sentpmber. 1896, should have been £25(3.000, instead of £240.000 as stated by the insolvents. Mr. Baker, who spoke for nearlv five hours, had not finished his address when the court adjourned till Friday. According to a return, which has been prepared at the instance of Mr. F. W. Coneybeer, M.P., showing the rates of pay of attendants t the Parkside and Ade laide lunatic asylums, there are 97 em ployed at both institutions— 71 at Park side and 26 at North-terrace. All of them are allowed apartments, rations, fuel, and light, and are paid for seven days per week, but in the daily rate of pay there is in some cases a slight difference, usually about 6d., in favor of those employed at North- terrace. At Parkside the pay ranges from 7s. for one attendant and a storeman attendant, with an allowance oi 15s. -pev month towards house rent, to 2s. Od. for the laundress, and 2s. for 19 nurses and 3 assistant laundresses. Six of the atten dants receive 6s. 6d. a day, and four others, as well as the tailor, the cook, and the gardener, are paid Gs. Four other atten dants get Gd. a day less, and 10 atten dants and the shoemaker take 5s. From that the rates decrease by Gd. to different officials, until the minimum of 2s. is reacl.ed. The highest amount paid to the nurses is 3s. per day, and all except the 27 nil fi£?z»0 (?Iin oecicf Itllf YYiVl f JViJl n 11 /I /»rtrt If. and tne laundress s are allowed 15s. per month on account of house rent. At the North-terrace asvlum the storeman atten dant receives 8s. per day, with the usual rent allowance, the tailor 7s. Gd., the cook, four attendants, and the gardener Gs. 6d., four attendants Gs., and one 4s., and all ot! these have an allowance of 15s. per month towards house rent. One nurse is paid 2s. 6d., and the other nurses and the laun dresses 2s. Gd. and 2s. Not long ago an agitation in favor of granting a publican's license to a second hotel in Blackwood resulted in the bring ing into operation of the local option clauses of the Licensed Victuallers Act in the electoral district of Sturt, the outcome of the appeal to the people being the re gistration of a decision against the further concession of licenses in that constituency for a period of three years from the taking of the poll. Another appeal to the arbitra ment of the ballot box is to be made under the same Act in the electoral district of Gladstone to-day, on the occasion of the voting for the Northern division of the Legislative Council. This time the im pelling cause is the attempt to obtain a publican's license for a house at Gulnare. near the site of the Bundaleer reservoir, which is now in course of construction. The residents of the locality, as well as numbers of other people throughout the district, are adverse to the establishment of a hotel, but the provisions of the Licen sed Victuallers Act make it necessary that the decision of the whole of the electors of the constituency in which the proposed publichouse is to be situated shall be ap pealed to on the local option poll. A. Biinple majority of those who vote_ settles the question, which in this instance is to be put in the form, 'That no further licenses shall be granted.' The verdict will not only affect Gulnare, but will be binding throughout the district of Gladstone for the term prescribed by the Act. Shakespeare has wisely said, 'There is a tide in the affairs of man which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune.' But men are apt to miss their golden oppor tunity, and the same may be said of com munities. If it were noc so South Aus tralia might swortly have been rejoicing in the presence of a 'rat expert,' and who can realise the possibilities of such a privi lege? At the recent meeting of the Cen tral Board of Health the Chief Secretary forwarded a letter he had received from Mr. J. Miller, of Melbourne, with reie rence to the danger of tiie introduction of bubonic plague by means of rats on board vessels from India and China. The writer described himself as 'the ablest expert in the colony amongst rats,' and offered his services, should there be a prospect of an adequate reward, to design 'a rat-trapping cordon for surrounding ships as soon as they anchor,' and would disclose what are his 'drawbaits for the purpose of get ting the animals into the traps in a rapid manner.' The letter was ordered to be returned with an intimation that the board does not recommend that Mr. Mil ler's services be engaged. 'All the world's a stage' and some of the men and women players were present at the Adelaide Local Court on Thursday morning. Fifty-six debtors were called up on unsatisfied judgment summonses. In cluded in the list were three defendants whom Mr. Commissioner Russell held were guilty of obtaining money under false pretences. One contracted the debt upon the security of a bill of sale on household furniture which he did not possess. The goods belonged to his wife. A second de fendant, who met his creditors in Novem ber, 1397, and offered 10s. in the pound, in January contracted a debt for books which he sold on commission, but failed to pay for ihe literature. In both ease.-; his Honor held that the defendants wore guilty of incurring the debts without rea sonable expectation of being able Lo meet the liability, and awarded 20 days' im prisonment for fraud. The orders were suspended for a few days to enable the de fendants to satisfy their creditors. It was painful to listen to some of the excuses given for not paying. Scfme husbands confessed to not only being kept by their wives, but th;it all the household effects belonged to the female head of the household; in fact the 'husbands were merely confidential boarders. Mr. Russell, however, was not to be caught by chaff of this quality, and he made orders against the defendants. It is surprising to notice how trustful some tradesmen are in the matter of giving credit, some of the debts sued for having been incurred without any reasonable prospect of payment on the part of the debtor, or any ground for expecting pay ment on tihe part of the creditor. A num ber of defendants were committed to gaol for 10 days for non-attendance, a penalty which will not be enforced if the parties pay their debts forthwith. The Broken Hill South Silver Mining Company has declared a dividend of Oil. and a bonus of Is. per share, payable on December 20. A large and beautiful meteor illuminated the eastern sky shortly after 11 o'clock on Saturday evening. It started from a point in the direction of the constellation of Orion. The Commissioner of Public Works is calling for tenders for putting down bores at Mirramitta, Mount Gason, and Goyder's Lagoon on the route from Hergott to Birdsville. The German mail steamer Bremen left Colombo on the afternoon of Saturday, November 19, and is expected to arrive at Freman'tle on the afternoon of Tuesday, November 29. The secretary of the Adelaide Under writers' Association has received the fol lowing telegram form the secretary of the Melbourne association: — 'Committee abo lished war rates on cable advices from London.' The Produce Export Department re ceived during the week ending November 12 3,312 carcases of lamb and 489 boxes of butter, and has shipped 9,683 carcases of lamb and mutton, weighing 359,288 lb., a:id 134 boxes of butter. The P. & 0\. R.M.S. Victoria, which left Largs Bay for London on Thursday, took from Adelaide, among other cargo, 98 bars of silver, valued at £12,590, 173 bales of wool, 18 hhds. and 152 casks of wine, and 461 boxes of butter. On Wednesday afternoon a lioness cub was shipped at Port Adelaide by the A.U.S.N. Company's steamer Paroo for Melbourne. The cub lias been purchased for the Melbourne Zoological Gardens. It was born in the Adelaide Zoo, and was sent away by Mr. Minchin. A country cricket match, North v. South, will be played on the Adelaide Oval on December 30 and 31 and January 2\. The Cricket Association has taken the matter in hand, and an effort is being made to pick teams composed of the best players in the country clubs. The prizes which were offered by the Public Service picnic committee for the best photographs of a landscape and group, taken at the picnic on November 5, have been awarded to Messrs. C. Whitham (Customs) and W. H. Tucker (Parkside P.O.). The Adelaide directors of the South Australian Land Mortgage and Agency Company, Limited, have received a tele gram from the London office advisin? that the general meeting of shareholders has adopted the annual report and accounts for the year ended June 30, 1898. The amount carried forward was £15,200. On Saturday afternoon Cvril Col man, a lad, had « narrow es cape from drowning in the Port dock, near Elder, Smith, & Co.'s store. He fell off the wharf into the basin, but was rescued by Private Cook, of D Company, who happened to be passing. Sergean't Major Franklin, of the Medical Staff Corps, and Bergeant-Bugler Walter took charge of the boy, who was in an exhausted con dition, and conveyed him to his home at Glanville, where he was attended to by his mother. News has been received of a aerioue ac cident that happened to Mr. Fred. Daw son, advance agent of McAdoo's Jubilee Singers, at Ballarat on Sunday. Mr. Daw son fell down stairs at Sturt Hotel and fractured his skull. He was removed to the hospital in an unconscious condition. The lioness cub, which was forwarded on Wednesday from the Adelaide Zoological Gardens to the Victorian Zoological So ciety, when being captured for the pur pose of being boxed, showed as much dis position to.fight as its parents would have done under similar circumstances. This cub was a little over nine months old. The Mary Augusta, which has stranded at Dunkirk, on the coast of France, was under charter to Messrs. George Wills and Co. to bring a cargo of Baltic deals from Sundsvaal to Port Pirie. Her cargo is valued approximately at £6,000, and she was insured in the Union Insurance Com pany of Canton. The vessel was owned by Mr. C. M. Boden, of Nordsmaling, of Sweden. His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor has received a dispatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies informing him that the Colonial Office has received a communication from the Admiralty stat ing that Mr. George Miller passed the ex amination for a naval cadetship in March last. Mr. Miller is a son of the late Mr. George Miller, of Glenelg. Alice Plint, aged 14, who lived at Gover street, North Adelaide, died at the Ade laide Hospital on Sunday evening. About three weeks ago she was lighting the powder in a cracker which had failed to go oft. Some of it having fallen on her dress took fire, and she was much injure'd by burns. She was taken to the hospitai, but although everything was done to save ' her she died on Sunday. The receipts from stamp duties from July 1 to November 19 are £10,805, or £1 more than during the corresponding pe riod of last financial year, while the land and income tax has produced £10,446, or a decrease of £3,152. The Customs re ceipts amount to £225,359, or an increase of £10,634, and the excise duties total £12,666, or an increase of £179. It is generally understood that Captain W. R. Eandell, than whom there is no more popular member of the House of Assembly, has determined, for considera tion of health, not to seek re-election tor Gumeracha at the next general election. It is also currently reported that the lion. Thomas Playford has been asked to con test the constituency for the resulting vacancy, and will probably consent. Mr. K. W. Christmas, the well-known landscape artist, who has been on a paint ing visit to the eastern colonies, including Tasmania and New Zealand, returned to Adelaide on Friday for a short stay. He will go back to Ballarat before proceeding to England in a few months. He speaks highly of the New Zealand scenery, and of the facilities afforded artists for travel ling, so that they may see the scenery, and by their paintings advertise the colony. On Wednesday afternoon Mr. W. Heg gie and Mr. J. AlcUarthy were driving from Strangways- terrace toward the railway station in a spring-dray, when the horse became unmanageable, and overturned the cart. The occupants were thrown on to the road, and Mr. Heggie's head and face were injured. He was taken to Dr. Cqombe's surgery, Hindmarsh, where his injuries were attended to, and afterwards he was removed to his home at Brompton. Our Encounter Bay correspondent writing on November 20, says: — The erection of the swimming baths at Port Victor, about which there has been a lot of controversy, is still in abeyance. The site recently selected by ballot by the ratepayers has been discovered to be leased land, which again complicates mat ters, so that if baths are erected it will be too late for the coming season. The number of births and deaths regis tered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, November 12, was: — Births, 70 males, 74 females; deaths, 45 males, 49 females; total, 144 births, 94 deaths, or an excess of 50 births. In the district of Adelaide the births were — 14 males, 18 females; deaths, 16 males, 20 females; total, 32 births, 36 deaths, or an excess of 4 deaths. Our Laura correspondent, writing on November 21, says:— 'While the Laura train was journeying from Gladstone to Laura on Saturday evening a quarrel arose between the enginedriver and fire man, and several blows were exchanged. On arrival at the Laura station Che fire man complained to Mr. Andrews, the stationmaster, who suspended the engine driver pending further proceedings. Judg ing from appearances the engine-driver had the worst of the encounter. A mass meeting of railway employes was held at the Trades Hall, Grote-street, on Wednesday evening to consider the Public Service Code Bill. There was a large at tendance. The feeling of the meeting was oppo.-\ 1 to the Public Service Code Bill in its present form. The opinion was ex pressed that no Bill was satisfactory un less it provided for classification and a board. A deputation was formed to wait upon the Government and lay the results of the meeting before them. The following figures show the estima ted population on January 1, 1898, and the births and deaths respectively registered in the corporate towns mentioned during the quarter ended September 30: — Ade- laiilo— Population 40,475, births 277, and d.whs 215; Hindmarsh— Population 9,414, biiiiis 09, and deaths 27; Thebarton — Pop- ulation 4,523, births 39, and deaths 8; Port Adelaide — Population 5,494, births 34, and deaths 14; Semaphore— Population 8,214, births 51, and deaths 14; Glenelg— The Surveyor- General (Mr. W. Straw bi-idge) has received from the manager of Pondana station, in the Gawler Ranges, a sample of nice plump grain, the produce of 15 acres of self-sown wheat in the culti vation paddock. It was intended for hay, but ripened so fast that it became neces sary to allow it to stand until n't to cut for grain. It is estimated to go about 4 or 5 bushels to the acre. A dozen years ago there would probably have been a de mand that the Government should survey a hundred at Pondana, but there is no danger of such a mistake being made to day. The hay crop at the station has been a failure. On Wednesday at 5 p.m. Councillor J. F. King was passing the front of Mrs. West's residence in Richard-street, Hindmarsh, on a bicycle when he saw a little girl rush out of the front door with her clothes ablaze. He threw her down, and with the aid of the doormiat extinguished the flames, but she was badly burnt about the arms, legs, back, and face. Mr. J. Duncan, with Mr. King, applied restora tives. The child, a daughter of Mr. West, told her mother that she was taking the kettle off the fire when her clothes igni ted. She was taken to the Children's Hos pital, and is in a critical condition. Mr. King's hands were burnt in extinguishing the flame. A correspondent, -writing from Gruri thaH, says:— 'A species of bird known as 'the 'wood swallow has visited this district (I believe for the first time) in thousands. They may be seen and heard everywhere, and their n. its are very numerous. It was thought at first that the birds, being insectivorous, would possibly assist; in destroying any stray codlin moth, but they prefer to live in the near neighborhood of beehives. Having been seen taking the bees one was shot, and when it was opened 11 bees were found inside. It is supposed that honey will 'be scarce in this district next season, it would be interesting to know if these birds have been seen in any other part of the colony.' The Lieutenant-'Governor has confirmed the following by-law whicih has been made by the Railways Commissioner in pur suance of the powers conferred upon him 'by the South Australian Railway Commis sioners Act Amendment Act, 1894, the by law to come into operation as from Janu ary 1, 1900: — Rate per ton for ore from Cockburn to seaboard for minimum loads. — Owners' risk.— Crude ores, concentrates, and slimes— To Port Adelaide and Dry Creek, 13s.; to Port Pirie, 10s. 6d.; to Port Augusta, 11s. 6d.; to Wallaroo, 12s. 6d. Zinc tailings— To Port Adelaide and Dry Creek, 11s. 6d.; to Port Pirie, 9s.; to Port Augusta, 10s.; to Wallaroo, 11s. The above rates include shunting, but not loading or unloading.' The following is a copy of the letter for warded by Mr. T. W. Babbage, manager of the Glenelg Railway Company, Limited, to the Commissioner of Public Works, under date November 18: — 'I am di rected to acknowledge your letter of the 16th inst., and to say that my directors adhere to their repudiation of the claim of the Government to purchase the Victoria square line alone, and that they decline to enter upon any negotiations unless with a view to the purchase of both lines — that is, the whole undertaking of the company. If the Government is prepared to meet them on that footing my board will be very pleased to confer with the Crown Solicitor, or anyone else you may appoint, in order to discuss the basis upon which the price to be paid may be calculated, so as to bring about, if possible, a friendly settlement.' The Chief Justice gave judgment in the Belcher case at Monday morning's sitting of the Civil Court. He found in favor of the defendant, Ellen Belcher, so far as relief was concerned, and held that the transfer to Alfred Belcher should be declared fraudulent and void. His honor further directed tiiat an ac count of receipts and profits from January, 1896, was to be drawn up ; that Ellen Belcher was to have her costs in that and the Local Court actions, her case to be calculated as having lasted two days; that in taking accounts the plaintiff was not to be alowed the costs of his action against Ellen; and that the defen dant was not to operate upon the Savings Bank on either account without leave first having been obtained from a judge. Any other costs were reserved, and liberty given to apply. A return of the births and deaths in the colony, exclusive of the Northern Territory, during September, which is pub lished in this week's 'Government Gazette,' shows that for the first nine months of the year the births numbered 6,980, and the 'deaths 3,374. The births in September were 798, compared with 846 last year, an average for the pre ceding five years of 865. The deaths num bered 319 for fehe month, against 272 in 1897, and an average for the period named of 318. In the City of Adelaide, the popu lation of which was estimated at 40,475 on January 1 last, the births during Sep tember numbered 86, against 95 in 1897, and an average of 91, the total for the nine months having been 780. The deaths num bered 75, against 73 in 1897, and an aver age for the five years of 71. The deaths in the city during the nine months repre sented a total of 739. On September 1 the population of the colony was estimated at 358,078. Population 4.031, births 16, and deaths 9; Brighton— Population 963, births 1, and deaths 1; Unley— Population 13,286, births 92, and deaths 49; St. Peters— Popu- lation 6,514, births 50, and deaths 11; Ken sington and Norwood — Population 13,325, births 76, and deaths 41; Gawler — Popula- tion 2,304, births 15, and -icaths 2; Ka punda— Population 2,214, births 11, and deaths 10; Burra — Population 2,567, births 15, and deaths 6; Clare— Population 1,053, births 7, and deaths 2; Jamestown— Popu- lation 1,224, births 15, and deaths 2; Port Augusta — Population 1,507, births 6, and deaths 1; Port Pirie — Population 4,929, births 63, and deaths 26; Kadina — Popula- tion 1,785, births 23, and deaths 6; Moonta —Population 1,727, births 9, and deaths 2; Wallaroo— Population 1,943, births 24, and deaths 6; Goolwa — Population 746, births 5, and deaths 0; Strathalbyn — Population 914, births 4, and deaths 3; Mount Gam bier — Population 2,985, births 20, and deaths 9; Petersburg — Population 2,023, births 25, and deaths 9. News is to hand of a generous bequest made to the Dominican Priory, North Adelaide, by the late Mrs. Frances Mary Ward, relict of the late Dr. W. G. Ward, of Clifton Lodge, Hampstead (says the 'Southern Cross'). The deceased lady's will has been proved at £9,483 16s., and among the bequests is a gift of £500 to the Prioress of the Molesworth-street Convent, of which institution her daughter, the late Sister Mary Magdalene Ward, was a mem ber. Besides various bequests to her family, Cardinal Vaughan receives £1,000, and certain Catholic institutions sums ranging from £50 to £100 each. Mrs. Ward, who was 81 years old when she died, was the youngest daughter of the late Rev. John Wingfield, Anglican Pre bendary of Worcester and Canon of York, and married in 1845 the late Mr. William George Ward, better known as 'Ideal' Ward, of the Oxford Movement. Mr. and Mrs. Ward were married within a month of the famous scene of February 13, 1845, in the Sheldonian Theatre, Oxford, when Mr. Ward was deprived of his degrees by Convocation in consequence of the views contained in his work, 'The Ideal of a Christian Church,' a book of which the late Dean Lake has said that it created a greater immediate sensation than any ecclesiastical work of the century. Mr. and Mrs. Ward joined the Catholic Church a few months after their marriage. Mrs. Ward was authoress of a life of St. Thomas of Canterbury, and was an occa sional contributor to the 'Dublin Re view.' One of her sons is Monsignor Ber nard Ward, president of St. Edmund's College, Ware ; another is Mr. Wilfred Ward, the biographer of his father and Cardinal Wiseman, and a daughter is prioress of Oulton Abbey, in Staffordshire. Her deceased daughter, Sister Mary Mag dalene Ward, O.P., who died at the North Adelaide Convent on September 30, 1894, is buried with Mother Rose Columba Adams in the West-terrace Cemetery. 