Personal. \- "1 must have liberty ^vifchal, as largea charter as the wind. To Vow on whom I please." < —AsYOU LIKR IT. For pure,. unadulterated Governmental grovelling commend us to little LeBser Levinson, the lateBt literary luminary of Coolgardie. • To a friend of ours quite recently he remarked, " In the ' Miner' we do n »t propose to publish one line which will imperil the bestowal of .any Ministerial favpr to our field." That's pretty warm aUyhow, and the little man followed it up by studiously excluding from his columns tbe account of the Esperanee railway delegates' triumphant meetings held at Kalgoorlie on Thursday last. We certainly like a man to act well up to his reputation, and for real out-and- out narrow-minded subserviency to " fcsirjon" Levinson fairly " takes the bun." What a pity they can't , make him Minister for Mines or some such office where his wellknown ability could be turned to account to help the at present dishevelled Ministry. Jenkins, M.L.C., Mayor of Coolgardie, pnrt owner of Coolgardie "Miner," etc., etc., recently bought into the Norseman "Times." Jenkins, who is only 30 years of age, threatens to rival Alec Forrest in the octopus-like nature of his operations. Said the " Outlook " a month ago: " The Duke of Wellington once retorted upon a threatening lady, ' Publish and be d l o Mr Uooley we wouldBay, ' Publish f>r be d—-.' Not for him will silence prove golden. He must furnish a full, true, and particular account of the people and paper to whom, as be alleges (and we do not doubt him), he. has paid blackmail. Moreover, if be should refuse to supply this account, measures muBt be . taken to compel him." Mr ' Hooley, it \- seems, has elected to publish ; but whether it will save him from being remains to be seen. Howard Taylor, who used to not represent the Eastern Goldfields in the Upper House, is in London, arid has done the inevitable disgorge to tbe Press re things Westralian. . Whilst the " Golden Sickle " excitement was on at Kanownaa letter appeared in the local print, signed "Robt. Tonniges, Mayor," officially "demanding " that the owners of the far-famed nugget Bhould disclose its whereabouts. Kaiser Wilhelm and the Mailed Fist on a small scale! Says Melb. "Table Talk": " Ernest Emmerson,' poet, novelist, atd journalist,' who is a relative of the American philosopher, Ralph Waldo Emmerson, has relinquished newspaper proprietoxship in W.A., and Returned to civilised Melbourne a wiser young man." Goldfield Mayor's introduction of Parliamentary candidate, (verbatim) :— " Gentlemans, all deBe beoples in dis town, from meinself, der Mayor,- downwards, knows Mr*Jenkins. He was like meinself, er pioneer. He valked right hop here and started ter work mit der pick." Premier Seed on federal proposals: " He did not bear the uucharitable feelings towards the other colonies attributed to him by the Press. His public acts gave au6h hostility a denial, as lie was the only man that had had the courage to break down the barriers on the border. The Press did its worst to him, but he had not lost a hair." " There needs no' ghost come from the grave to tell us this." He can't lose what he hasn't got. . Reported from Sydney that the Rev. George Waters, for years minister of the Unitarian Church of that city, and author of the much discussed biblical jplay, "Joseph of Canaan," has resigned his position as shepherd of the Unitarian fold, and proposes founding an " Australian Church ' in Sydney on the model of that of Dr. Strong 1 in Melbourne. It would be interesting to know the number of newspayers who are waiting tor a turn of events to give Dreyfus and Zola the greatest vindication that, the erstwhile jersecuted ones of the earth ever had. Not f lc ongago the Parisian mob would have torn Zola to pieces. From recent echoeB from the sunny land of France, the time doeB not seem far distant when the same mob will carry Drafus and Zolo on it's shoulders, throw its oap into the air, and cry, " Ye are " Bronzewing " writes : Dandaragan. July 27th, 1898. Dear CLA-HE'S,— There are a couple of members of the Dandaragan Road Board to be elected by .ballot and sent to Perth to give an account of all their transactions in the Road Board business; and I happened to overhear a bit of conversation between Old Jack and Alf , which ran as follows:—" Say, Alf, sposen we're picked ter go an' see Sir John 'bout this 'ere .dangeil. Road Board 'fair, how are we goin\ ter get down? Spose we have ter tramp it, where'll we make first night—Darby's, I spose?" Alf (taking a few whiffs at his pipe) : "Yes, but theyBay there is a sort o' railway'bout here somewhere to the'east ward, but they charge awfully. I have a few spondulix, but I want them to edgicite my children." Old Jack : " Dang the edgication, and the children, and the Roiad Board, and the danged lot. I won't spend my few shillings, 'cos I don't spose Sir John'il say, ' Well, me poor man, here's a few shillings to buy a drop of whisky." Nice members! TOM WILSON Captain of the East Fremantle Team. 