The proceedings taken by some Bendigo young men have probably effectually ' laid ' tho Bayne-street ghost, as on Sunday night tho masquerader was fired at by a party searching fur him, and, leaving his ghostly mantle, es caped .over a fence, and disappeared. The ghostly mantle wlion picked up was found to consist of half a dozen yards of wliito muslin. As it bore shot marks it is moro than probable that 'the 'ghost' was struck by some of the pellets, though ho gave no sign. On Monday shortly after his re-election to the office of Mayor of Bendigo, Cr Harkness handed to Mr Honeybone (Town Clerk) orders on soma of the business peuplo in the city to supply dostituce. people witli articles of food and clothing on . the recommendation of the various benevolent organisations.' A new and unexpected development has taken place in connection with the recent -raid on the sly-grog sellers in Clutha ' district, where prohibition is supposed to be in force. Tho chief witnesses . m ' the recent " prosecutions (writes the 1 Argus' Dunedin correspondent) were two young men who had just been sworn in as constables. Both these men are now being prosecuted for perjury by Irving, of Clinton, who was fined for sly-grog selling on their evidence. The constables, swore that Irving took payment for some whisky which was supplied to them. The evidence of witnesses has so far gone to show that after much pressing living gave the men some whisky as a " night cap," but that in doing bo ho distinctly stated 'that he would not sell it, and that no money passed. Much interest is taken in tho case, which at present stands adjourned. The tender of F. E. Shillalieor, L3191 lis 5d; bas beon accepted for the erection of now rail way station buildings at Woodend. . In connection with the discovery of human remains on Thursday, in the bush, near Yankee Creek, the police have been making diligent search, and have found in a tree, near where they were found, several marks of a gunshot. ? At a meeting of the Victorian /Women's Franchise League, a resolution was passed'to the effect that the members of the Leffislative Council lie asked to receive a deputation -of women on Tuesday next. _ ; The prospects of the cereal crops continue to bo all that is desirod. Reports from the Mallee district state that, the crops now presont a more promising appearance than was ever previously seen at the corresponding period of the year, and there is a reasonable hope;of a record yield being obtained. The Mutual Store Directors this half-year propose to pay a dividend of Is 6d per share nnd carry forward L2904. This compares most favourably with last half-year, when, on the same dividend, L1558 was carried forward. The directors state that the half-year's results are the best for many years. Out of tho 149 applicants for the bonus of L1000 offered by tho Mines Department for the most effectivo method -of ventilating deop mines, only 24 have intimated their willingness to comply with the condition that the appliances must be fixed in some mine, and have a practi cal lest. During the run of tho YVarrnambool Hounds last Saturday a romarkablo feat was performed :by ;the hunter Handy, Andy, who was riddeD by Mr J. Dickson. When approaching a stiff four- rail fence in Grasmere, Dr Mneknight's Mitten stopped . within a few feet of tlie ob stacle, and ran down the fence, getting in the way of Handy Andy, who then jumped ;tho horse,' rider, and fence, just tapping Dr Mac- knight with his hoofs. Handy Andy stumbled on landing, and unseated his rider. ; A most remarkable convent is to be found in the catacombs of tho Russian cathedral at Kow. Deep down beneath the magnificent cathedral aro miles of subterranean corridors, lined with cells, in whioh 1500 ascetics perform their daily devotion, and duties, live, eat and sleep, in the grim company of their dead predecessors. An Order in Council was passed on Monday authorising the formation of the Scottish Volun teer Reiiiment. Those who join that body are to enter into an engagement to continue in tho corps fur three years, and after that can re engage for one, three, or Ore years. No person is to lie permitted to 'join the regiment unless he was horn in Scotland, or is of Scottish des cent, and. is between the ages of 18 and 35 ; but thoso who hnvo previously served in the Imperial regulars, or auxiliary forces, . or in any coloninl militia, or volunteer forces,. may be engaged if under the age of 45. The New Zealand Institute of Journalists passed a resolution congratulating Sir James Fairfax and Sir J. L. Bonython on receiving the honour of knighthood. The request which the operators of the ' Mel bourne Telegraph Office have made to the Post master General, that they should bo permitted to appeal to him from tho decision of the Deputy Postmaster General in the matter of their grievances ngninst the office manager, has resulted in the desired privilege being conceded, subject to. certain conditions ns to the method they are to adopt for this purpose. A serious accident on Monday befel n jockey named John Russell, 14 years old, whilo riding in some pony races at Richmond. He wiis rid: ing one named Faith in the 13.2 hands 'handi cap, amongst a field of 23 others. He was thrown, and several of the ponies galloped on him. He was badly injured, nnd on removal to the Melbourne Hospital the base of itlio skull was found to be fractured. The sufferer died yesterday. i The municipal Council of Perth lias decided to proceed with tho raising of its L80,000 4 per cent/loan. Tho loan in repayable is 30 years. Sixty thousand of the amount willhe. spent on roads, then L10,000 on wood paving, and, B5000 on parks and footpaths respectively.: ,i. . - A young woman, named Mary Tynan, has died at Mnitlnnd from blood poisoning. She scratched her hand on n' tin tub; on Thursday week, and it is supposed that the. dye from a glove she wore subsequently poisoned the wound and caused her death. : ::i . | 