DAI OF REST. THE MOUNT OF TRANSFIGU RATION.^ By CHABIJJS ' (kMIEf Sf.'S.; Canon of «Vs(i.(iiiister. "lie received from- God the Father honour and glory, wlien: there tanui such a Voice to Him from tliC 'd\:cei!c1nt' frifiry." This is My beloved Son," in whom I nni well pleased; and this voice we our selves heard ? come out -of heaven, .\vhei) we were: vrith Him in the holy 'mount. 'And we have the word, of prophecy made more, sure; wHercunto ye do veil that ye- take, h'eed,. as unio a lamp shining in a dark place, Until tlie day dawn', and tlie "day-" star arise in yciur hearts;'1'-2"Peter i. 17-20. The transfiguration of our Lord occupies; a very important and marked place in the pages of our Gospel. And yet it docs not, I think, occupy as distinct a place in the thoughts and feelings of ordinary Chris tians. There ie, I think,- no more interest ing aspect of. the.Gospels than to consider them as the scene of tlie training, or educa tion of the Apostles. ? They were taken, jaw men, enthusiastic and loyal, but spiritually untrained, fro-ni the school of John tlie Bap tist. They emerged at the other end of the Acts of the Apostles men df light and clear ness, rock-men, every one oil whom Christ could build His Church. And the interval is occupied by that most interesting subject of consideration-tlie training of different human characters. And, if you ask - In what respect did their training lie? you would, 1 suppose, answer at once, They were trained to believe that Jesus was the Christ. True. But yet the answer tells us but little part of the truth. For, in fact, from a certain point of view nothing was so easy to a faithful Jew as to believe in the coining of the Christ. They knew what the Jewish luce was meant to- be-it was the chosen people of. God. The temple of the Lord's house was to be exalted on the top of the mountain, and all nations were to flow into it. It was tlie Christ who was to come to raise their race and temple unto this position of central exaltation. How should they not believe in it, for at present tlicy -were crashed under an external rule. We know what we should feel from, out point of view of our belief in the Anglo Saxon race, if we found ourselves under foreign domination and 110 longer free. We can hardly even contemplate the horror of the situation. It would be in the strictest sense to us intolerable. And yet from another point of view, tlie position of service under Roman, rale was not lass intolerable to the Jewish spirit. They expected a Mes siah, but a Messiah to- free them. They lqjoked back still to a glory something like the frankly worthy glory of that kingdom of Solomon. They wanted a Christ to set them fiee; they wanted a Christ to make the Hebrew race what tlie Hebrew race ought to he-the centre of the world's reli gion, the object to be gazed at by all the world. And they found a Christ Who offered Himself in marked alienation from all that naturally fed that Jewish pride-a Christ Who, if He had patriotism, luid the patriotism*of a Jerezjiia-b, a Christ Who ut tered awful prophecies about the destruc tion of that very Temple which was to be the centre of the world, a Christ Who seomed to think it nothing to bear all man ner of humiliation and shame, a Christ Who talked about that most h.ideous symbol of outrage, the Crews. That was tlie particular education tlint was brought to bear upon them. It was to recognise the highest ob jects of their natural hopes in that which baflled at tlie same moment all their deep est instincts of their dearest pride; it was to recogni.se in that same object and at the same time that which crushed and that which satisfied all their natural se'ves \- a Christ crucified. And the particular situation was this. Pet?v hail confessed in the name of the Apostles.that Jesus was the Christ. "Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God." It was a great confession, for it came just at that moment when it became apparent to them that their natural hopes for the acceptance of Jesus were doomed to disap pointment. But when Jesus met that grait confession with llis supreme bene diction, when He promised to Peter a place of power in the kingdom of heaven, in the Church of Uhlist, a,t- once there rolled back upon his soul something of the old sense of wo-rldy glory, so that when Jesus fol lowed up that great promise by solemn and explicit warning of suffering, rejection, death, it was too much for Peter. He would put aside that altogether inoppor tune foreboding. And Jesus at that mo ment of sniritual consolation, when He had received the witness of the Apostolic faith, feels that this rejeetion of pain is some thing like the renewal of the old tempta tion on the mountain of the wilderness, and He puts Peter aside from Him as another Satan. "Get thee behind'Me, Satan."' And then, in warnings unmistak able, He tells the Apostles that the way of the crcss, the way of humiliation and pain, is the only way in which either He can walk or any one can walk who would fol low IJim, He must take up His cross. And telling them that He yet would leave in their .minds the associated impression of glory undiminished yet rather intensified. It is not humiliation alone or glory alone, but glory and humiliation indissoiubly _ united. "Verily I say unto you, there be' some of you standing here who shall not taste of death till you shall see the Son of Man coming in His glory." And they knew what picture he referred to. That picture ! of faith was dear to the Jewish conscio'us j ness of our Lord's time-the picture of Him likfe the Son of Man who was bom the Ancient of Days, in the cloud of glory .wilJi the holy angels, and clothed and in vested with power and majesty and honour and a. kingdom. Am) for six Jong days they waited and wondered what should it mean. What should it mean that they, upon whose heavy hearts were falling con tinually the warnings of coining shame, and failure-, and outrage, in their mortal flesli. should behold this glorified Son of Man?- Wlin.t should it mean? The answer, for the moment at least, came on the Mount oF Transfiguration. He took the ] Apostles uj) there to tlie top of some j mountain. He passes the night there in ! prayer, and they feel, as on another oc- I easiom, heavy with sleep and lose the con- | sriousness of Jesus tlieir Master. And then they were awakened suddenly, as by tlie unexpected touch of some bright light, and they find Jesus there with them on . the top of the mountain, not as they had ! left Iiini. but .irradiant with a celestial glory and form, in which they recognise Moses and Elijah-the representatives | of the ' Law and , the Prophets were there, accepting the glory of ! the Christ. _ It was a celestial, an asto j iiishing, a miraculous scene, and yet not as-i I the f-lieap iiuaainatio.n' of Raphael has de- i pictcd it. Surely three human forms float ing in the air would not hav suggested to Peter that yen should make booths ortents to keep iinem then. No, it was more on the natural level than any such imagi nation would suggest, it was 'the human J"o«us; it was men whom t.hw7 swv there o,;)ly irradiant with a celestial, glory, so,that ever 'in.-this pleasant i-adianete. ' But' there Peter qould feel that here was indeed, tihe fii|st ..day of the. real Messianic kingddlh; here ivas a. glory more celestial than Solo mon's which henceforth was'to invest the kinjrdom of the Christ. There it was. He would make booths that they might dwell herein this celestial glory and bask for came the clooid, bright, dark with excess, of light, and the voice of more than human witness witnessing to the glory of that Sou, '.'n,on art my beloved Son,' and, delivering over to Him the authority to which all men should bow, "Hear Him."' And then ; the_gio.iv passed, and they found themselves i left in the light of common day. They did not learn the lesson speedily. Again, the warnings of coming disaster fell upon then hopes, unheeded or resented. -The Cross came, iiivd- they failed shamefully, but the -Resurrection .earne, and their feet were planted ori the Hock. They did not learn the lest-on speedily. Only as they locked I back later in their lives upon the experience of that long education, then, at last, they perceived "what it was that they' had to learn. 11) is, as St. Peter expresses it ill his tivst Kpistle, that.the spirit of glory and of God rests upon that only which can accept suffering joyfully in the- name of Clmst. It is the union of glory and of shame; it is, as it is expressed in this second epistle, that; the word of prophecy had been made more sure to them by the vision of the glory, so that when, they thought of those glorious visions of the Ok! Testament, and wondered about their realization, they knew what it; was that assured their hearts, be cause in the face of Jesus, on His way to pain, they had witnessed the glory of the Divine wftliance and beard the acceptance j of the Divine voice. Brethren, there lies in that a plain lesson for us, a. lesson which evQuy one of us needs to take to heart, because for us the diffi culty lies in realizing the combination of the glory and the Shame. There is a re ligion of respectable orthodoxy which rea lizes neither, which mounts neither the height of the Transfiguration nor the height of Cavalry, but walks for ever oil the level ground between the two. There is a re spectable orthodoxy which conies to Church on Sunday, which expects nothing so very much of religion, which does not even ask for the radiation ? of a celestial glory, and, on the other hand, does -not feel itsell called to any accepting of humiliation or Shame. But that is not the religion of the New Testament. The religion of the New Testament is the religion, that combines both, and that is difficult, difficult to our hearts and imagination a« it was to, the Apostles. We know what Christianity is meant to he. We rcaJize wluit it would be to believe in heart tihat Jesus was the Lord; we 'realize the glory that has come into this common life of ours, if, indeed, we believe what Christianity teaches ns about the Father who is in heaven, about the glory of the Son of Man, about the in dwelling of the Spirit, about the Kingdom of God, about the hidden virtue which runs and circulates in the veins of the Catholic Church. A glorious picture! And we go outi into our common life and contrast it with the vulgarity, with the dulncss, with the blank ignoring of spiritual claims, with the vulgar domination of wealth and com mercial success and reckless pleasure ---the contrast between the glory that is claimed and 1;be continual appearance of blank failure, of cold indifference, of miserable weakness 011 the part of those who pro fess the name of Jesus in His glory. Jt is the contrast between the claim of glory and the appearance of weakness that sets the strain upon our hearts and intellects. Can ih be all true? Can it be true that behind the appearance of what looks commonplace, so worldly, so sense-bound, so humiliating, so trivial, there is really stil! the glor> of the Incarnate and the power of the Holy Ghost, and the giowing and the blossoming of the kingdom of God? Brethren, we are meant to mount, lx>ti!i the mountain of the Transfiguration and tlie mountain ot Calvary; we are meant to have something of the taste of the glor,\, as well as a great deal of the readiness for shame, and suffering, and failure-some tilling of the taste of the glory, 'lheie is meant to be "surely in the lives oi almost all Christians some experience oi the Mount of Transfiguration. What does it mean. Surely it is obvious enough! lliose who i-ealJv go tip into the solitude of prayer with' God, those who take pains about com munion with Him, tihose who in a real con sciousness of tlieir own helplessness throw themselves in the prayer of faith upon the power of Jesus, asking those things most certainly which He most certainly intends to give; those, in a word, who try and practice to pray in' Chris's name may ex pect, ought to expect, from time to time the real seiise of prayer heard, the real sense of communion with God in the body and suffering of His Son-that real and ecstatic sense of fellowship with God in which for a time all doubt] and hesitation is swept awnv, and, for a moment, we know what it is to pass into something like sight of the glory of God revealed in our inner hearts. . . Or it may be that we ave required to suffer. Most men are a.sked from time to time to confess the name of Christ under difficult circumstances. If we do it, if we . suffer for the name of Christ, then we may expect what St. Peter speaks cf-the sense of the spirit of glory and of God resting j on us. something which transfigures winch j far the time makes' us leel the fellowship with the blessed dead and the glory of-the communion of saints, and the sense tnat there rests on life, because we suher lor tlie name of Christ, that which only glory can express or intimate. Or, it may be, that we are near the sick bed of some one who suffers patiently, or dies joyiully in the name of Christ; and there passes into our life the sense, tlie transhguung and indisputable sense, of a glory beyond death, of a victory beyond death which be longs to this mortal life of ours, and Wo foci thrmiL'li all our earthly dress Hriglii shoots' of cverlastingncss. Or it mav be that we are taking a quiet walk amid the beauties of Nature on our holiday, and as we meditate in the spirit of God tins visible world is transfigured before us, and we feel it to be wliat in fact it is, the mirror and the veil of the glory of God, and; we say, "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of Hosts, for the whole earth is full of His glory." One way or another, ac cording to the delays or bastings ot the Spirit and providence of God, we may ex pect we ordinary Christians, to have our moments on the Mount of Transfiguration, when the Son of Man is radiant to our ! hearts also with the glory of God, and ! doubt and hesitation is far oft. And if we have it not it may be the special trial Which God lays upon us, but it may be, ave much more probably, because we nev^r really go up into the Mouut of Con j temptation, because we never really take I pains about our prayers, because we never I really pray in the name of Christ, with con - ! tempt of our own weakness and trust in the power of God, because we really do not suffer :m\thing for the name of Christ, be cause_we-do" not-go there -where we are iii'ost"likely"to see and to appreciate -the spirit of die saints ? in suffering and" in triumph. Depend upon it;-all of us would have oUr day on the Mountain of Trans figuration if we were at pains to be with Jesus ou the Mount of Prayer. And then it is to combine with that the vision'and expectation of suffering. ' It is not' an occasion for self-indulgence-as" to many people with a natural love of ritual and worship the emotion of religion' may become-a form of self- indulftence""\vhich leads to nothing but a useless ecstasy and and an idle dreaming. Nay, it is to take us down into the plain where the paralytic is, it is to take us down to the plain of suffering and hard work, into the valley of the shadow of humiliation and of the Cross. It is so easy to appreciate glory; it is so easy to be depressed by suffering; it is so easy to be worldly, and to forget both in the days that are smooth with us. The task which the Transfiguration lays upon us is to combine both. It is to realize the glory of .Jesus, to expect all, arid more than all, that glory would suggest, and then steadily to press forward on the path of deliberate self-denial and following of the. name of Christ, that for us, too, the spirit of g'ory and of God may rest upon us then mostly when we are suffering something for the name of Christ. 