Our Brushgrove Letter. BfvnsnGnovG Towx Band. — A general meeting1 of the above was hold in the room on Saturday night, ?when a number of rules imd regulations were adopted. Mr. Livennoro, hon. treasurer, resigned and Mr. H. Henderson was oleoted in his place. The cause of the lion, treasurer's resignation was tno honorary being removed from late treasurer and secretary aiid each officer being paid. The band is progressing remarkably well and tho public gener ally are dulighted with the rapid strides tho band has made. Muoli credit reflects on Mr. Sandilands, as a ?bandmaster, who spares no time or trouble to push the local boys along. They play several small tunes already, and quite liven up the town on practice nights, especially on Saturdays. The Piov. W. II. Howard, Weslcyan Minister, called a meeting on Monday last, \\\ ith a view of forming a Christian Endeavour Society.. Tho meeting was very well attended and the outcome was that a Wes leyan Methodist Y.P.S.O E. was formed, which is to nieot every Monday night. There is no more effective remody than Mrs Askew's Pills and Ointment. Price, Is 3d and Is 6d per pot. J. H. Holmes, agent, Maclean. By all accounts a body of Burwood electors intone! making an effort to throw Mr, W. McMillan out at next eletrion. At a meeting noltt on JJiiaay uigm, tii wmuu m.i. Jircner ac coptod the requisition of 750 electors to run for the scat, a Mr. White romarkod that the present member, Mr. McMillan, was 'simply a store keeper's ghost.' If anyone ever wanted to find him, ho had to fight his way through an army of clerks aud a few country storekeepers, only to find on Mr. McMillan's door 'engage1!.' THREE CASTLES CIGAEETTES. For all conuoiscrs rocognise the unparolleled excollouce of tho 'Threo Castles' Cigarettes, and appreciate tho sterling quality of tho brand, which is undoubtedly tho best in the markot. A lar-»o petition has been forwarded to the Minister for Works from Casino, praying for the opening of a road and tho oroction ef a wharf at Doepwator. For a long timo tho carriers have had to go through private property, and goods had to be landod on tho bank of the rivor on privato property.. Tho track being in a dread ful state the carriers have raised the rate of carriago 50 per cent, this week, and now tho owners of tho property have given notice not to allow anv inoro goods to bo landod or delivered from their land. The consequence is that tho Casino and up-river poople are completely blocked from getting goods or sending away produce. [Why don't they agitate for a light najlyay to Goraki,] 