Th9 Light That Cast no Shadow- Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores ol years to the study ot natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the " adepts." as these queer Hindus are called, lor the purpose of finding out the secret of their remark- able performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanscript manuscript an adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. " I can't see to read, here," said the visitor. " Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly, light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality — it cast not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learn ing and high character, and yon who now read it have 110 reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A mail who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him' of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience 1 Take an example : — " In the Spring of 1888," writes our correspondent, " I fell into a low, weak and languid state. I felt low- spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eat-, ing I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued iu this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard ol Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a lew doses I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Al though I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, 1 now gladly admit 1 its value, and its po'v.-r over disease. Sine® j ray recovery, for which L thro': »l other : S.-iioTs Corn live Sviup, I iia-e be.-n in the best of spirits. In the interest i of the suffering humanity I doi-mi p. .|,i»y j to sell-! you 'his testimony. (S.g t'->l) D. Griffiths, ta-ior an 1 our.fir.rer, lol, I iccle.y Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1833." Tim e is a i|<-nl of did- reno' between Mr. G I Ifi 5 '-= co-mi1 hotel ««d the story abate : Is- i . h : I'lin |e- ; - i " 1::, Gut- it cannot be veriffe, ' .vr'r o; m-ir-: t'oe ili-; than it is worih. Go tlm other ham! we have a trustworthy witness, who .will answer letters of inquiry, and can 'bo found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about MotheV Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments arc but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease — indiges tion aud dyspepsia; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths ami homes where illiu-s-s and pain had cast, such dark ami tbrrifviug shadows. And that is whv people believe all that is told of its' success i»v eagm- wa nes -ess. 