CREENBRIAR CKOST. Why had Celia refused to take me into the attic rooms, ana why had she said in such a strange manner that "it was getting dusk and we must go be- low?" This was my first visit to Greenbriar, a gloomy old place some miles from the city, which uncle had obtained at a bargain because of its reputation as be ing the abiding place of a "real ghost." And Cousin Celia had been showing me the house, hut stopped short on the landing, refusing to go further. Now, Uncle Remus, with his whole family, disbelieved iu spiritual manifes tations with a vengeance. Certainly, then. Celia was not cowardly. No! there were other reasons for her peculiar air as she preceded me down the narrow flight of shadowy stairs to the hall be low. I was certain of it; my curiosity was aroused; I was sure a mystery ex isted somewhere above the third floor, and I soon found myself planning to in vestigate the matter, even if I had to visit the apartment by night. The family residing there, and of whom Uncle Renins purchased the pro perty, could explain the mysterious sounds they heard, but had said that "once a very wicked man lived there, who, after receiving a visit from his brother, a wealthy man of the East, suddenly went away, none knew whither. After that the house and grounds were held for sale through an agent." How true this story was I did not know nor care. M.v relatives "pooh- poohed" the whole of if, as well as the visitations, and why should I concern myself iu the matter? I only wished to find out the reason for Colia's strange manner, and to see the contents of the garret chambers, aud this I was deter mined to do, by some hook or crook of fortune. And fate was unexpectedly and un kindly kind— If I may express it that way — sooner than I dared to hope. It was evening. Celia aud 1 were under the trees, loitering about iu the twilight, discussing plans for the mor row, when a man crossed the lawn and doflilug his cap to lier said: "There has been an accident over at the Meadows this afternoon, Miss Lisle. Mrs Glynford desires you to come over if you can; it's her liusbaud who is hurt, ma'am, in a, runaway." Now, Mrs Glynford was an especial friend, and of course Celia. must go. She looked at me. "Go," said I, thinking of the third story; "go, by all means, for I sball get along nicely. I shall write to mamma or read to Aunt Lucia, or, tiring of both, retire." She kissed me fervently at this, and ran off to make ready for her good Samaritan call. Presently she came back. "Flossie," she said, "don't take it into your head to explore the garret chambers while I am gone; it wouldn't be pleasant to go wandering about a lot of cold, silent apartments in the night" (I fancied she shivered); "besides, mamma doesn't approve of lights being carried through the house; afraid of a conflagration, you know." And she laughed nervously. I concluded to dissemble. "Do you imagine I am brave enough to stalk that ghost alone in the night watches?" I asked. "Rest assured that 1 shall keep below?" This satisfied her, and she walked away toward the house once more. I stayed uuder the trees until ten o'clock; then I went to my room. As I laid my watch in its case I fell to musing. It seemed to me that my cousin had weightier reasons for not taking me to those chambers; or else was over parti cular, indeed. My rooms were on the ground floor. What harm would there he in my go ing to the upper floor aud, perhaps, walking the length of the corridor ? None, I peeped out into the hall. Every body was abed; all was still, aud the moonlight came softly through the great windows above, flooding the stair case leading thither with a silvery radiance. "To be afraid on such a night as this!" I ejaculated. "I am going to the corridor, anyway." Suiting the action to the word, I ascended the steps to the first lauding and stood a moment peering up to the mysterious corridor above me. The next flight of steps was not long, and soon I found myself on the next floor- on the forbidden ground! Three narrow windows lighted up this lonely, silent place rather dimly near the lauding where I stood, while the other end of the empty corridor was dark. "Well," I said, "this isn t interest ing; iu spite of Aunt Lucia, I believe I will bring mv lamp." As I turned to go down I caught sight of the gleam of lamp-light shining out across the polished floor of the corridor from under the door of one of the un explored chambers. Celia had given me to understand that no one occupied this floor, and that the rooms were not even furnished. Suddenly it dawned upon me that 1 had coine to the mystery! Seized with a startling impression of danger. I started hastily downstairs, hoping to reach my own apartments be fore being discovered. But before I had descended three steps, the door above opened, aud a stout-looking man came out. dragging something after him. Instead of rush ing away to my rooms I stood rooted to the spot by a curious feeling, as if I were not myself, hut another. \- Slowly and laboriously the man came down the corridor toward me with his burden. As he drew near I shrank back in horror; he was half carrying, half dragging the lifeless body of a mur dered victim— murdered, I knew, by the gaping wound iu his throat, from which the blood still trickled down. I saw it plainly as lie passed me in the moon light on the landing. I held niy breath; what next? Would the stout, villain ous-looking wretch see me and kill me for being an eye-witness to his awful crime? No, he took no notice of me whatever; but opened the small door to the attic over the wing, and, dragging the body into the darkness beyond, disappeared. Instinctively I looked toward the room from which the lamp-light shone so brightly only a few minutes before. Ail was dark and silent. I looked once more to the attic door; it was shut, and I saw that it had not been opened, the holt above the latch was not dis turbed. "How did he get in?" I sat down on the stairs in a cold sweat. I had seen— not flesh and blood, but the Greenbriar "gliost." Involuntarily I shivered and came to myself again. Somehow I felt that I had gotten hack from somewhere: the clock iu the hall below struck twelve. I tried to rise, but in vain. My bead swam; I felt queer: the corridor grew lilack as night above me, and 1 knew no more. When I became conscious again it was morning— bright, sunny day, aud Celia was bathing my temples. "He killed him," I said excitedly look ing at Celia, with all the horror of the uiglit before in my eyes. "Be still, dear," she said gently; "you are ill. and have been dreaming." "No" I said; "I saw him drag the body from the chamber at the end of the eorridtor, and take it into the attic over the wing on (lie west; no, Celia, I haven't dreamed it." My cousin gave me a startled look of inquiry, but said nothing in reply. I 1 could see, however, that she was very much disturbed by what I said, as she tidied up the room, while 1 lay watch ing her. 1 was ill three weeks from the shock I had experienced, and, had not Celia returned shortly after midnight and searched for me, it may have been that this sketch would have remained un- written. When I was able to think of return ing home, uncle came to me and said— "Whatever you saw, or thought you saw "I did sec it, Uncle Remus," I inter rupted excitedly. ""There, there!" he said,deprecatingly; "whatever it was that you saw, it, doubtless, is something not very plea sant to have under your own roof, at lGflSt," "And now." continued he, confidenti ally, "the place is a fine one, aud de sirable save this— this— whatever it is; it will not take long toind a purchaser for Glenbriar, and the favor I wish to ask of you, Flossie, is to not mention this experience of yours where it might hurt the sale of the property. I nodded my head and said, playfully. "How much 'hush-money will you give me uncle?" He looked at me for a moment, then said. "A hundred dollars, Flossie, if you keep 'mum' until I make a good sale. "Agreed," I exclaimed; "agreed, Uncle Renins." „ , ., He must have made a good sale, for iu six weeks, after my return home, he sent me tlic required amount, and I call it the price of the Greenbriar ghost. I learned afterwards that through a chain of circumstantial evidence, the most important of which was finding the skeleton of a man in the attic of the western wing at Greenbriar, the notorious first owner bad been brought to justice and convicted of the murder of 'his brother. It seemed that his brother was very wealthy, and had brought a fabulous sum of money with him. iuteudiug to invest it in property in the vicinity of Greenbriar. The wicked brother, finding this out, determined to have it at any price, and . so took the man's life, secreted the body in the attic, and giving out the victim had returned borne, sold the property, and with his price of blood left the place. , , , After the discovery of the skeleton m the attic aud the execution of the red- handed murderer, they say the Green briar ghost walks the lonely corridor no more. — "West Lotliiau Couriei. Mistress: "Did anyone call while I was out?" Servant: "No one, ma'am, excepting a tramp. He wanted some thing to eat, and I told him there was nothing ready, and that he'd have to wait till the leddy of the house got back from the cookery class, and then, mebbe, she'd make him something." Mistress: "Of all things! Did he wait?" Servant: "No, ma'am. He runned!" Mrs Greene: "My husband is getting to ,he quite an expert on the bicycle." Mrs Browne: "Does he ride a great deal?" ; Mrs Greene: "Oh, no he doesn't ride much; but I don't believe anybody could dismount quicker than he does." THE ONLY THING TO MATCH IT. - The march of the Cameron Highland- ers from Aberdeen to Fort George caus- ed no little sensation among the elder class. They were marching past a cer- - tain place, when a man was. heard to ask: "How do you like to see that, Mrs", M ?" '"Deed," was the reply, " I - never saw onything sic guid as that but ; ; the elephants." < 