as a i|i;iiii!? By E. PHT&EJPS.; O^PEtiHEIM, Author of 'Fa^e Evifiene^M'The Monk of CHAPTER IV-— fContinned.i Now I was sorry, tliat she had mentioned Mr. Deville. I wasxlolng my fcest to forget all that I had heard from Lady Naselton, and to form an independent judgment; but at her words the whole substance of it returned to me with a rash. I leaned back in my chair, and looked at her thoughtfully. She w as a woman whose age might be anything between thirty-five and . forty. She was pia.mij' uiesseu, uui with a quiet elegance which forbade any idea of a country dress: maker. She was too thin for her figure to be considered in any way good; but she was tall and graceful in all her movements. Her thick, brown hair, toaiched here -and there with grey/ was parted in the middle and vigorously brushed away from a low thoughtful forehead, over which it showed a decided propensity to wave. Her features were good and strongly marked, and her skin was perfect. Her eyes were bright and dark the mouth piquant and humorous. She had no pretence to beauty, but she was certainly a very attractive and a very well-bred wo man. I had never in all my life seen any one who suggested less those things at which Lady Naselton had hinted. Perhaps she saw the slight- change in my face at Mr. Deville's name. At any rate, she turned the conversation. 'Have you been living in the country be fore you came here; or near a large city?' she asked., 'You will find it very quiet here!' 'We came from Belchester.' I answered 'My father had a church in the suburbs there. It was very horrid; I was not there long, but I hated it I think the most deso 1.1 ie tuuiiuj' regiuii in trie world is- better than suburbanism.' 'I don't think that I agree with you,' she smiled. 'In a large community at any rate you are closer to the problems of life. I was at Belchester not long ago, and I found it very interesting.' '?You were at Belehester!' I repeated in surprise. 'Yes; I was electioneering, 'I came to help Mr. Densham.' 'What! The Socialist!' I cried. She nodded, and I could see I that the cor ners of hei- mouth were, twitching ''with amusement. ? 'Yes. I thought that Belchester .was ra ther an enlightened ^lace. We polled over four thousand votes. I think if we had ano ther week or two, and a few less helpers, we might have got Mr. Densham in.' 'A few less helpers!^ I repeated, aimlessly. '?Yes. That isjthe worst of Labor and So eialist meetings. There is such a terrible craving amongst the working classes to be come stump orators. You cannot teach them to hold their tongues. They make silly speeches, and of course' the newspapers on the other side report them, and we get the discredit of their opinions. One always suffers most at the hands of one's friends.' I looked at her in silent wonder. I too had helped at that election— that is to say, I had driven about in the Countess of Apple corn's barouche with a great bunch of corn flower in my gown, and talked amiably to a lot of uninteresting people. I had a dim recollection of a one-horse waggonette which we had passed on the way preceded by a brass band and a lot of factory hands, and of Lady Applecorn raising her gold-rimmed eye glass and saying something about the Social ist candidate. 'Did you make speeches— and that sort of thing?' I asked, hesitatingly. She laughed outright. ) '?Of course I did! How else could I have helped? I am afraid that you are beginning to think that I am a very terrible person,' she added, with a decided twinkle in her rich brown eyes. * 'Please don't say that!' I begged. 'Only I have been brought up always with people who shuddered at the very mention of the word both here and abroad, and I daresay that I have a* wrong impression about it all. For one thing I thought it was only poor peo ple who were Socialists.' j For a moment she looked grave. 'True Socialism is the most fascinating of all doctrines for the rich and the poor, for all thoughtful men and women,' she said, quietly. 'It is a relision us wpII as tho -cwv core of politics. But we will not talk about that now. Are you interested in the new books? You might like to see some of these.' She pointed at the box. 'I get all the new novels, but I read very few of them.' I looked them over as she handed the vol umes out to me. I had read a good many books in which she was interested. We be gan to discuss them, casually at first, and then eagerly. An hour or more must have slipped away. At last I looked at the clock and sprang up. 'You 'must have some tea,' she said, with her hand on the belL 'Please do not hurry away.' I hesitated, but she seemed to take my consent for granted, and I suffered myself to be persuaded. - . 'Come and see my den while they btfng She opened a door on the left hand ofi the hall, and I passed by her side into a j'arge room of irregular shape, from which French windows led out on. to the trim little (iawn The walls were almost lined with books— my father's library did not hold so man#. A writing-table drawn up to the window was covered with loose sheets. of paper and works of reference turned upon their faces. For the rest the room was a marvel of/delicate coloring and refined femininity. TUere were plenty of cosy chairs, and three-legged tables, with their burden of dainty china, flare statu ettes, and many vases of flowers, mostly clustering yellow roses. But what absorbed my attention after my rapid glance around was the fact that Mr. Bruce Devikle was sit ting in a very comfortable chair near the win dow, reading one of the loose sheets of paper which he had taken from the deik. He rose from his feet at the s|ound of the opening of the door, but he did. not imme diately look up. He spoke to' her, and I scarcely recognised his voice. His gruffness was gone! It was mellow and good-humored. 'Marcia! Marcia! Why can't vou leave poor Harris alone?' he said. 'XJou will drive him out of his senseB if you sljLng Greek at him like this. You women are so vindic tive!' - . ' ,. ? 'If you will condescend to turn round,'' she answered, smiling, 'I shall be glad to know how you got in here, and what are you doing with my manuscript?' He looked up, and the sheet fluttered from his fingers. He regarded me with undiluted .astonishment 'Well, I came in' at the win dow,' he answered. 'I was in a hurry to escape getting wet through. I had no idea that you had a visitor!' jr. , , I glanced towards her. She Vf as In no way discomposed «r annoyed. ... \ 'lam hot inclined to-walk this afternoon,' she said. 'Will youiebme down sifter dinner, fboutnine? I want toisee you!; but Jiot just ?hoyrf ? .. . ? : :;????.? ?-?.'??. T--.,.: '-..-' ' He notded, and to&j;^iijjrhis '-jciiip. '.'--. At the window he looked back^OTexairionsly; For -3f uinom-eilt be seemed abWt ^» speak. He TOnteniecl hiinself , howerySeV Tfifiii %Jbaiiting bow, tt»; which 1 respondeafv^irecitly lie got outside the garden he took Msipipe from his pocket aid lit it ^fwv US The Incident did not seem tolhaye ^troubled her in, any iray. She poihtfi I imfc-^pe of the ;iz^tur£S:*9£ her rodin, -$gMMtfte 'ikr' ' fles-;c6yTO'^ but I am afraid r was tw* yei^i|attSai[ifJB.'i '^jaa^-ija!^ She had just it^j^dpt^%%tSie:itaiian sta? toeite for my inspfeetiojQ, -anfl she replaced it carefully before ^heanswer^cL : 'ifo.. 'W£ are friends. I Save known him for a good many years.' ' :' ? AJtiijy Burmese gong rang out from the the halL She came across the room towards me; smiling pleasantly. ,.?_.. 'Shall we 'go and have some tea?. I al Tivays want tea so much .after a -thunderstorm, I will show you some more of my Penates, if you like, afterwards.' v . ?.-.???? 1 followed her into the hall, and took my tea from the hands of a prim little maidser vant. With the Dresden cup between my fingers a sudden thought flashed into my mind. If only Lady Naselton could see me. Unconsciously my lips parted, and I laughed outright 'Do forgive me,' I begged. 'Something came into my mind. It was too funny. I could not help laughing.' 'To be able to laugh at one's* thoughts is a luxury,'.' she answered. 'I know a man who lived through a terrible illness solely because of his sense of humor. . There are so many things to laugh at in the world, if only one sees them in the right light. Let me give you some more tea.' I set down my cup. 'No more, thanks. That lias been delicious. I wonder whether I might ask you a question?' I added. 'I should like to if I might' 'Well, you certainly may,' she answered, good-humoredly. 'JMr. Deville spoke of, your work,' I con tinued; 'and of course I could see you had been writing. Do you write fiction? I think it is so delightful for women to do anything for themselves — any real work, I mean. Do you mind my asking?' 'I do not write ?fiction as a rule,' she said, ; slowly. 'I write for the newspapers. I was a correspondent for several years for ^one of the dailies. I write more now for a purpose. I ani one of the 'abhorred tribe,' you know — a Socialist, or what people under stand as a Socialist Are you horrified?' 'Not in the least,' I answered her; 'only I i should like to know more about it. From what I have heard about Socialism I should never have dreamed of associating it with— well, with Dresden cups and saucers, for in stance,' I laughed, motioning to: her own. Her eyes twinkled. 'Poor child,' she said, ?'you have all the old-fashioned ideas about usTind our beliefs, I suppose. ? I ani not sure that, if you were a properly regulated young lady, you Would not get up and walk out of the house.' A shadow had fallen across the open door way, and a familiar voice, stern, but tremu lous with passion, took up her words. 'That is precisely what my daughter will do, madam! At once, and without delay! Do you hear, Kate?' I rose to my feet dumb with amazement. My father's tall figure, drawn to its utmost height stood out with almost startling vivid ness against the sunlit space beyond. A deep red flush was on his pale cheeks. His eyes seemed on fire with anger. My hostess rose to her feet with dignity. 'Your daughter is at liberty to remain or go at any time,' she said, coolly. 'I pre sume that I am addressing Mr. Ffolliot?' She looked over my shoulder towards my father, and their eyes met. I looked from one to the other, conscious that something was passing outside my knowledge — some- thing between those two. Her eyes had be come like dull stones. Her face had grown strangely hard and cold. There was a brief period of intense silence, broken only by a slow, monotonous ticking of the hall clock and me flutter of the birds' wings from amongst the elm trees outside. A breath of wind brought a shower of raindrops down on to the gravel path. A sparrow flew twitter ing into the hall and out again. Then it came to an end. 'Marcia!' His single cry rang out like a pistol-shot upon the intense silence. He took a quick step across the threshold. She held out both her hands in front of her, and he stopped short. 'You had better go,'' she said. 'You had better go quickly.' I went out and took my father's arm. He let me lead him away without a word; but he would have fallen several times if it had not been, for my support. When we' reached home he turned at once into the library. 'Go away, Kate,' he said, wearily. 'I must be alone. See that I am not disturb ed.' I hesitated, but he insisted. I shut the door and left him. I too wanted to be alone. My brain was in a whirl. What was this past whose ghosts seemed rising up one by one to confront us? First there had been Mr. Deville, and now the woman whom my father called Marcia. What were they to him? What had he to do with them? Where had their lives touched? I pressed my hot forehead against the window-pane, and look ed across at the Yellow House. The sunlight was flashing and glistening upon its damp, rain-soaked front In the doorway a woman was standing, shading her -eyes with her hand, and looking across the park. I follow ed her gaze, and saw for whom she was waiting. Bruce Deville was walking swiftly towards her. I saw him leap a fence to save a few yards, and he was taking huge and rapid strides. I turned away from my win dow, and hid my face in my hands. CHAPTER V. Naturally I expected that some time that night my father would have spoken to me concerning the strange meeting at the house of the woman whom he had called Marcia. In a sense I feared what he might have to say. Already I was beginning to reckon those few hours as an epoch in my life. Never had I met anyone whom in so short a time had attracted me so much. I found myself thinking of her continually, and the more I thought the more I scoffed at the idea connecting in any way with her those things at which Lady Naselton had hinted. There seemed something almost grossly in-, congruous in any such idea. The More I thought of her the more resolute I became in putting all such thoughts behind me. And, apart from my judgment, which was alto gether on her side, I was conscious of a vague personal attraction, almost a. fascination, which had a wonderful effect on me. The manner of her life, her surroundings^ that air ?of quiet forcible elegance, -which -seemed to assert itself alike in her house, her dress, and her conversation, were, a revelation to me. She was original too, obviously intellectual, a woman who held her- life well within control, and lived it fearlessly and self-reliantly. 1 had never met anyone like it before, and I longed to see more of her. My one fear -was lest my father should lay some 'stern .embargo upon my association with her. In that case I had made, up my mind not to yield without a struggle. I would be quite sure that it was not a matter of merely prejudice before I consented to give up what promised to be the most jdelighttul friendship I 'had; ever known.' ? ? -? .o :. ? ' ;' '. , ' ...-. _ ?'!:..'' ' :. But, Tatfaef':t9jlx^.j5iifprise, and 'a little to my .relief , my tkliijaat ignored our aftei&obn;'a7 adventure ;whenxt^^;h^m again; '-?_ He feaiiife in to dinner M; nsiiaiK|atefully 'djr^sfeedj ana ^ and drai& ^fii;|Bii? custom^ fliaB-it&^ thatiseverytfiing ; iifciwHiefi heT^arjtpolisiiiMSd' 'tie^-tbe'li^^fiip^^;, §4j^d|^aai^t: the tai^^jisa^no|ic^ of .3tiibv* :1Hfe:-iv&jpti;;; shut -aid 'the' &eySS;^MT^'\signviha^ on ^'^^M;^!^!^!^!*^;: ano^0iwSgli;:;t;: sat -ill 'W&;tt&0^0iJ3m ;^^;Ji^;|ip^r|n]y\; 'mai|a^^'^^S^^^^W^^\sm^^n|^|:iB5i^^ He was etandmg at the window when I cams ' :#fei^jiijt^U'iimS|r6liessly----in-:--h|s white face, £alM ^d'pned with the niarks of his long =vigll:;;;;?|tt seemed to ine: that he greeted us both tnbjre quietly than usual. Dumbos Breakfast time I made a few re« marks Tto him^ but they passed unnoticed, or ^elicitM ; only; -a. monosyllabic reply. Alice spoke of ;tbe sciumls/lnit lie seemed scarcely to hear. We all became silent As we were on the point of rising, the unusual sound of wheels outside attracted our attention. A fly was passing slowly along the road beyond bur hedge. I caught a glimpse of a woman's face inside, and half rose up. *'She is going away!' I exclaimed. ''. My father, too, had half ris'en. He made a movement as though to hurry from the room, but with an effort he restrained himself. The effect of her appearance upon him was very evident to me. His under lip was twitching,' and his long, white fingers were nervously interlaced. Alice, bland and unseeing, glanced carelessly outof the window. 'It is _our mysterious neighbor from the Yellow House,' she remarked. 'If a tithe, of what people say about her is true we ought to rejoice that she is going away. It is a pity she is not leaving for good.' My father opened his lips as though about to speak. He changed his mind, 'however, and left the room. The burden of her de fence remained with me. 'If I were you I would not take any notice of what people say about. her,'. I remarked. 'In all probability you wili only hear a pack of lies. I had tea with her yesterday after noon, and she seemed to me to be a very well bred and distinguished woman.' Alice looked at me with wide-open eyes, and an expression almost of horror in her face. 'Do you mean to say that you have been to see ? her, that you have been inside her house, Kate?' she cried. I nodded. % 'I was caught in the rain, and she asked me in,' I explained coolly. . 'Afterwards I liked her so much that I was glad to stay to tea when she asked me. She is a very charming woman.' ? ? ' ? - Alice, looked at me blankly. , 'But, Kate, didn't Lady Naselton tell you about her? Surely you have heard what people say?' I shrugged my shoulders slightly. 'Lady Naselton told me a good many things,' I answered; 'but I do not make a point of believing everything disagreeable which' I hear about people. Do you think that charitable yourself?' My sister;s face hardened. She had all the prejudices of her type, in her/ case de veloped before their time. She was the vi car's daughter, in whose eyes the very breath of scandal was like a devastating wind. Her point of view, and consequently her judg ment, seemed to me alike narrow and cruel. 'You forget your position,' she said, with cold indignation. 'There are other reports of that woman besides Lady Naselton's. De pend upon it there is Eo smoke without fire. It is most indiscreet of you to have had any communication with her.' 'That' I delcared, 'is a matter of opinion.' 'I believe that she is not a nice woman,' A 1 \\-r*f± caul -fi T»m 1 tt 'And I shall believe her to be a very nice one until I know the contrary,' I answered. 'I know her and you do not, and I can as sure you that she is much more interesting than any of the women who have called upon us round her.' Alice was getting angry with me. 'You prefer an interesting woman to a good one,' she said warmly. 'Without going quite so far as that, I cer tainly think that it is unfortunate that most of the good women whom one meets are so uninteresting,' I answered. 'Goodness seems so satisfying— in the case of repletion, I mean — it doesn't seem to leave room, for anything else.' Whereupon Alice left me in despair, and I found myself face to face with my father. He looked at me in stern disapproval. There was a distinctly marked frown on his fore head. 'You are too fond of those flighty sayings, Kate,' he remarked sternly. 'Let me, hear less of them.' I made no reply. There were times when I was almost afraid of my father, when a suppressed irritation of manner seemed like the thin veneer beneath which a. volcano was trembling. To- day the signs were there, 'i made haste to change the subject. 'The letters have just come,' I said, hold ing out a little packet to him. There is one 1 for you from a place I never heard of— some- where in South Ameri»«., I think.' He took them from me, and glanced at the handwriting of the topmost one. Then for a short space of time I saw another man be fore me. The calm strength of his refined thoughtful face was transformed. Like a flash the gleam of a dark passion lit up his brilliant eyes. His lips quivered, his fingers were clenched together. For a moment I thought he would have .torn the letter into shreds unopened. With an evident effort, however, he restrained himself, and went out of the room bearing the letter in his hand. I heard him walking about in his study all the morning. At luncheon time he had quite recovered his composure, but towards its close he made, for us, a somewhat ?» startling announcement. 'I am going to London this afternoon,' he said, quietly. 'To London?' we both echoed. 'Yes. There is a little business there which requires' my personal . attention.' . Under the circumstances ' Alice was even more surprised than I was., -; ?'- -i. ? 'But how about Mr. Hewitt?' she remind ed him, blankly. 'We were to meet him at tlm sphnols at K n'clnr-ir this afto-rnnmn »hnnt the new ventilators.' 'Mr. Hewitt must be put off until my re turn,' my father answered. 'The schools have done; without ,them for ten years, so they can go on for another week. Can , I trouble you for the Worcestershire sauce, Kate?'- . ?- ? . ? .- ,?:.-.- (To be- continued.) ? 