THE YOUNG STEPMOTHER. By. Mrs. Weston. CHAPTER I. Three little faces looked from Ihe nur sery window, fa-?es which should have been bright aiid pretty, but ?which wore an angry defiant look showing that something ?was displeasing 'tiieir little owners. Willie, fiie eldest, ?w'ho was 9 years old, eat on the window seat 'hugging his knee; an ugly frown wrinkle'd liis forehead. Ulaud, aged 8, stood opposite, and little Doris, commonly called Dorry, sat in a low chair near Willie. Dorry was a lovely littJe girl wit-ii pretty dark eyes and sudi . golden hair, falling in curls nearly bo her waist; and she had such pretty pink 'cheeks and a soft dim pled little -Mn. But just now, I am sorry to say, Dorry's pretty lips were pouting, and she looked so cross and naughty. 'I know I shall hate her,' Willie was saying, and I stttfall be as bad as ever I can, see if I don't; she'1'1 be glad to go away from here, I know.' 'Yes, indeed,' answered Claud, 'nurse says stepmothers beat you and serve you real bad. I shan't do a tihing she tells me, not a thing.' 'I'll .pinch her,' said Dorry, her face growing very red, 'I'll, I'll be ever so naughty, and I'll scream like anything if I (.'an't do everything 1 like, same as I do when nurse puts me to bed when I don't want to go.' Now, while the children sit looking out into tihe fast-gathering darkness, for the afternoon is closing in. and talking, let me tell vou a little about them and what it is that is making them feel so rebellious and naughty. Their mother l.as been dead since Dorry was a wee baby. Willie just remembers her, and 't^at is all. Their father, Mr. Dugdaie, after her death, was compelled -to ask an unmar ried sister to come and manage his home and c-inldren, and she Dem? inex perienced arid unused to children they received very little of the training neces sary for 'high-spirited, impulsive, children, and were allowed to take tihe' reins very much into their own hands, a-nd as long as they were not too noisv and were well dressed Miss Dugdale was quite satis fied and left Uhem very much to tlieir owp resources. This being the case, and not having rmicik affection for their aunt, the children kept out of her way, and carried all their joys and sorrows to their old nurse, who doted on them and indulged them to her heart's content. Some months before my story begins Mr. Dugdale had (been called away from librae in consequence of having had some pro perty left t'o 'him, and affairs could not be settled without his presence. Week after week passed and still he was detained, but at last he wrote saying that things were satisfactorily settled an'd he should return home in a fortnight's time and bring with him a wife and aaiew mamma for the chil dren. He knew liow wild and rebellious his children were growing and looked for ward in the hope of having order and obe dience, where -hitherto disorder and dis obedience had reigned. He wrote ' that he was sure the children would dearly love their new mamma, and he hoped they would put on their very best oehaviour and make lier very happy.' Miss Dugdale was highly indignant when she read her brother's letter, and said a great many foolish things before the chil dren, and being 'lit'tfe pitchers with very long ears,' they heard and stored up in their minds such sayings as ' Bringing hbnie a trirl to lord it over us, I pity the poor e'hildren,' 'We all know what stepmothers are,' and so on. ' That night when nurse was laying the children's tea Willie' said, 'Nurse, are step mothers very wicked ?' . Nurse paused in the act of cutting bread and butter and 'looked at Willie with a solemn shake of her head. 'Ah, indeed, Master Willie, you'll know soon enough, The best of them's .'bad. Wha* the master means by bringing one here I don't know; I am sure I've always been like a mother to you all, and -to -think it has come to this.' And nurse ? wiped her e»'es and went on with the bread and OTitter. The children were quite awed and sat as still as mice, feeling that indeed a cala mity was coming Upon tihein in the shape of their new mamma. And so the -time -vent on. jiiss Dug dale .had written to her brother protest ing against his marrying again,.l-ut Lohad replied' that of course si.e might please, herself whether she remained in theiiouse or mot, but 'Ihat if she decided to do bo iindness aud considerationv :^'i86 ??|3'«gdfile' Wiks i deeply libffefiHe^T^d^dli^iW&B.; paokedi left ?|ibe'.&-)^;^«nd'..izeibatllii{^l;.^- ?fler'-?3pareD3isi '??/?? ..'. i-.'v. ':-???.-? ?.'??-?'?*-? ?:-.f-~J&': ' ^Isjb -any vwonder ,-that ^cclmdtai^iSA gro»vn up to .hate 'the -thought of ia. step mother 7 . ::-^ :?;?.;??- -:' ;: '?.,'- W-^.-;- ' 'I hope you will stand lip for 'yourself, faster Willie, ^ 'arid not wt- your little brother and sister be. put upon/' 'nurse, wquH say, and -Willie's .eyes ?woulu flush and he -would -'double Jiis fists 'up arid say 'I shall Jiate herj I shall hate her.' . And now the fortnight was over and papa an'd his wife were to come home that afternoon. ? ..._.,. CHAPTER IL The afternoon had worn away and dark ness was coming on, deep shadows com mfeneed to lurk: amongst the bushes that* ordered the lawn, and lights were twink ling in .the distance, and still the children sat watching t'he landscape from fche nur sery window and waiting for the sound of wheels which would tell of the arrival of the expected ones. The buggy 'had been sent an hour before -to meet them at the station. But at last a moving light gleamed down the road, the sharp metal lic ring of horses' hoofs sounded nearer and nearer., and the buggy drew up. The children watched anxiously, and craned their necks to get a glimpse of their father and the lady he was help ing . to alight, 'but in the gathering dark ness they could distinguish nothing but a small figure wrapped in a large travelling cloak leahing upon their father's arm. At this moment nurse came 'bustling in. 'Master Willie, Miss Dorry dear, here ? they are, run down quickly into the hall and meet ttiem, and mind you are good children. Come Master Claud jump up this minute.' But Willie's dark eyes flashed defiance. 'No, nurse, I shall not go, I'd love to go and mg pa*)a; we haven't seen him for so long, but— but not her.' Arid no inducements nor threats would persuade Willie to move one inch towards the door. The other children of course stuck by iim, 'though they longed to run down and be folded in papa's strong arms, for lihey dearly loved him, and he had been away so long; but was there not a stepmother with hmi? and nurse had said — ''Every- one knew what stepmothers wens,' and nox even to welcome papa would they go down to meet her. In .the mean tame Mr. Dugdale having ?entered the hall with his young bride upon his arm looked around for the chil dren's faces. A sense of disappointment came over him, and although she would not have acknowledged it, over itflie young wife also. There was = no one to welcome her home, and her husband had told her so much a;bout his three little motherless ones that her heart was warm and loving towards them and she had looked for ward to meeting them and feeling their clinging arms about her neck She had come to her husband's home with the nil intention of being a true mouter to his motherless children, and why were they not here to welcome her ? A vague feeling of something, she knew not what, came over her. The house was quiet, not a sound of r !' , ,l.s Yoi«es- nothing but bhe ticking of«HV1 big hal1 clock 'brt)ke the silence. Where are bhe ohildrc-n and Miss Duig dflle .' asked her husband of the servant ?£' iiavi,ng let ih?m in- was busy helping wirh tiie boxes and luggage. ' Mds! J?ugcJ,ale, w^nt 'home three days ago, and the e'hildren, nurse says, will not come dpwn, sir,' answered the girl with a ^ ? ... j^*u.jj^^ a.u ijiic JVIUUJ5 Wilt?. Will not come down ?' he repeated Come dear, we will go upstairs to the nur sery ; there is some mistake, they can not know that we have arrived surely for ?heirs are ever the first faces to greet me' He drew her hand more closely through his arm, Jed her upstairs, opened the nursery do'or, and drew her in. What did tihe children see as they looked upon their new mamma for the first time ? A terrible ogre ? No, but the sweetest ooking face they had ever beheld. The lood of her travelling cloak had fallen hack, and they saw a fair girlish face with delicate pink-tinted cheeks, a face which was even prettier in its delicate beauty than Dorry's. Little rings of fair hair clustered around her white forehead, and ler eyes, which were as blue as tQie skies, had in their depths such a tender loving expression that the children were quite taken aback. They had drawn a picture of her in their minds, which was as unlike the original as possible. But Willie was not going to b* won over ; she was a step mother after all if she had a pretty face. He got up awkwardly, bhe other children following, and going over to his papa held up his face to be ki'ssed. Papa embraced tnem warmly, and said how glad Jie was co 'be once more with them. Then, draw ing them to his side, he said, 'But you l'ave not yet spoken to your mamma; give her a hearty kiss, and tell her that you are pleased to see her, and will try to make her very happy.' The young wife came forward with out stretched hands, but Willie turned his back rudely upon her, and Claud edged behind his faolier with a -frowning face. Dorry, it is true, allowed her pink jcheeks to 'be kissed, 'but stood wdtih her fihge'r in ler mouth, glancing from under her eye browSj sulkily. . . Their father's face flushed with annoy ance. 'Children, what does this mean?' he asked sternly. 'Kiss your mamma at once.' 'We don't want to kiss her,' blurted out Willie. 'We don't Jove her a bit; we don't want her; she wants to lord it over us, and beat us, we know.' Their father was thunderstruck. 'Who has 'been putting such ideas onto their heads?' he said angrily. 'Nurse; where is nurse? This has -been some of her doings, J.-suppose; I will ? dismiss her.'. But the young stepmother, with tears running down her cheeks, dung to hia arm. No, no, dear; I will live it down. If such is uhe ca^e, your sending her away immediately upon our arrival 'wo.uld but give rise to luraier gossip, wnion would injure mv cause rather than ,make the children love me more. We must have patience ; all will be right in' time ; they will learn to love me I hope. Do not be harsh with them for my sake.' ' My dear, then for your sake I will pass over this,' answered 4ie;r husband, ' but re member children there must be no more of this nonsense. I am' very displeased with you, and shall not have you down this evening as I had intended. I hope by to morrow you will hav'e- repented of your bad behaviffnr, and will in the future love your new mamma. as she deserves to-be loved.' He turned and' led: her from: the room, but she. nodded her. head reassuringly at bhe children and smiled through 'her tears as she wen'tr .;' No sooner had the! door closed -upon them thad Willie tourst into teats, 'Claud tried in vain to swallow the big Jump in ?his throat, and when nurse came ao with a slight Boon after she 1 found the fchree elnl idren xKngirig to one ^another and crying .bitterly. V --,'.-...! ? ? ? v i«aaj^PpAtt&*4V|^n--J^i-t3ie%5i6use.'!.an: an^' We jmaBl^E^^'^aiyngi to me as if it ajCtnp^^SS;3QS^^ fore&eDrou;^ Kpuie,; -^But^nejer .tyoa-jtoihu,' y&u;'we got ^onlr\p^^urBp'?.M9b^:^^.^n4^riw''Sdjb'' a inlet pitb of ^tr&wberry; Jain for your tea ?fco-night;'*..; ?;jy..;':;:::;':w;;;'.-.-;;^'.'-- '''i^; '.' . V ? ;', :.'.';CHAPTE]Et:ltl.r-. - V. ' :,? . ?' Time went on- weeks passed away, .and the breach bebween the young stepmother arid the children ?widened. rather than de creased. It was certainly- not: her, fault ; she did all that was in her /'ower to 4ieep peace and iriduee the children- to /have confidence in her. Even' when they were guilty of actual rudeness %he treated them with gentleness, and refrained from men tioning their faults to her husband. He never knew :what she had to contend ?with, although he knew that things did not run as smoothly for her as he had hoped and wished, but she never brought the sub ject up of her own accord, and many were the tears she shed and the prayers, she breathed for patience and wisdoir to guide her in her /difficulties, and that God would soften the stubborn little hearts which, in spite of all her effof ts, refused to love or trust or believe in her. Sometimes -the children would seem more tractable and obedient, Dorry even shyly returning her stepmother's kiss once or twice, and Willie was heard to say that 'Mamma's hair was ever so pretty.' and then her heart would bound and she would feel that her troubles 'were ending, but all at once, from sheer per versity or nurse's foolish teacmtig, round they would veer like so manv weather cocks, and be as naughty as it was pos sible to be. Aud thus six months passed away. Among other alterations and rules which the young mother had made was one'that the children should take regular instruction. Their education, until her coming, had been very neglected, and eoon after her a'dvent she commenced instruct ing them for an hour or two every mom ing. This was extremely distasteful to the children, who hated restraint, and gave them many opportunities of showing tlieir dislike for their teacher. Perceiving this, she decided, with her husband's approval, to gej; a governess, who would come for a few hours daily. One hot afternoon in tihe early summer they had been granted a half-holiday, and had been out in the ^garden playing for an hour or two when Dorry came in hat in hand, and said ner head ached. She threw herself down on the eofa in the nursery and tried' to go to sleep. She felt bo drowsy, but the sofa had never felt so hard before as it did now to poor little Dorry's aching head and languidlittlebouy. Presently the nursery door ppened, som&- one paused, then a soft step crossed the room, and a gentle voice said, 'My child, what ails you? I thought you were out playing. Why are you lying here, Dorry, dear?' and a soft nand was laid on Dorry's hot little forehead. She opened her heavy eyes and looked at the kind face bending over her. Mamma was dressed in a pretty muslin wrapper; her beautiful hair was coiled on the top of her head, and a knot of blue ribbon nestled in it. She also had blue-ribbon at her throat and wrists, and somehow it rested Dorry's eyes to look at her, she looked so cooi and pleasant. '1 got hot,' she answered, 'and my head ached, and I felt sicic, so I thought I'd come and lie down, but I can't feel com fortable somehow.' Mamma looked grave, felt tlie hot hands, then gathered the chilu up in her awns and said, ''Come away into, my room, then, and see if we can't make you more comfort able.' So mamma carried her away to her own dressing-room, where the blinds were ; drawn to shut ou't the hot afternoon sun, and the window opened just a little to let in the sweet perfume of climbing roses and honeysuckle, for mamma loved sweet ?? smells, and had chosen this room chiefly for the flowers which clustered round its windows. She laid' Dorry down on the ; couch arranged the pillow comfortably, ? then going to her little medicine chest took ! out a small bottle and gave Dorry two ' little pilules, then sat beside Kct and bathed her poor little head with eau de cologne. The child felt very ill, and it seemed so pleasant to lie in the coolness and dimness, with soft hands tending her, and she felt i drawn towards the gentle little mother at : her side, and lay watching her beautiful face until presently the tired eyes closed, and Dorry was fast asleep. Tiiat was the beginning of a serious ill ness. Before morning she was in a high fever, tossing and moaning, and with 'the first streaks of dawn a servant was sent for the doctor, who pronounced it scarlet fever. ' Mrs. Dugdale had the 'child's cot brought into her room, and set herself to the task of nursing Dorry through what must be a long and trying illness. 'But, -my -dear, are you- equal to it?' asked her husband, when she communi cated her intention to him. 'God will - give me strength,' she an swered; 'I could not trust her to anyone but myself.' That was a long and dreary time in the house, especially for the children. Very faw lessons were learned, and strict silence was enioined upon them. They, were ? glad to creep out of the house, which was j filled with the odor of disinfectant, .awav into the garden, and there, sitting under the trees, Willie, in his favorite attitude, hugging his knee, they would talk in whis pers of the little sister who lay uncon scious of them all. CHAPTER IV. But at last the crisis came, the fever abated, and Dorry was convalescent, but vftrv. very weak, and one hot afternoor nurse told the boys if they would promise to be very quiet arid not talk much they should co in for a few minutes and see her, as she (bad asked for them. Nurse led tihe way arid t!h.e boys followed (her on tiptoes, and found themselves in the dressing-room. , Could that be Dorry? A great fear struck Willie's heart as lie looked upon his little sister. Their mother sat in a low roeking-chftir, and in her amis, lay Dorry, wibh all her beautiful curls gone, arid her great dark eyes looking larger and darker than they had ever looked before in the dim light of the shaded room,' and lj§r cheeks mat had been so rounded and rosy were hollow and white. 'Claud went up to her and lifted one wasted .littJe band kissing it fondly, and a tjreat sob broke from him ~ as he stroked ?it tenderly. ? i: 'Don't cryy Claudiej what is the mat ter?' asked ; Dorry faintly. 'You look i6- sickj Dorry. You ?will get better,1 (Won't you?' 'Yes, Claud, please God, she nvill eoon get well now; ' ehev-will get back her rosy cheeks when I ehe -is' able to take more nourishment, 'and her nuris, you know, li^eihkvS^ad'^'.aii^^ D^-bmf^^^iv^X-y^m ??:???- -~ ??ifefc- i; ?? #Aa-a''.ifc»^ dear-mower/'-£a!dr;:]-(^i^'-'--jpt^^::iwUi;--:; vtfv : ? thin ^little rarms ;arpunViTh/er jnpthens n^ckl/ .-;»' '. ?*;,* ?.«'?.- VPapa talkedVtO;:ineHyi^fe^ ? & /V ,: came' home early lhaniiia an*Jryou:-'W€r« : ? . ;.i-i- ?«v-:- ': lying* do^n. and toia,;Me|tfc(it:pnty for ;yoii ???*&' ??:'-' he : might have fliad 116 HttieTgirl aow» Oh, : .; .: -.?; : dear mamma; V- -I wHJ foegopd.-when I-get . ; v. '-: well, and not; give jtiii any more trouble,' ? ;, : Me gentle Jieart of J*he young, mother ? ?'.'.??? ; ttoo-bbed with, joy, and tears of emotion eaaie to her eyes as she gathered the fra-' ' gile little form to 5ier heart and said— :? 'My love, you do not kriow^what gov it gives me 'to hear 'you- speak like that. : .????. -?? Anything I have done for any of you will V ?? be amply repaid if you will learn to love and trust me. But now we must not - ' '? - talk any more, here is nurse for tne boys.' She kissed them tooth tenderly, and they went away into t&e; nursery with a, feeling towards their stepanoOher thejr'3iad never .... had before. When nurse camtrin an hour after they were still there arid Willie said ; Bturdilyr— 'Nurse I don't believe stepmothers do all you say. Mamma never beats us, . though she did make me have bread and water for tea once for being rude to our governess. If die had teen going to beat us and be cruel to us I believe she'd have done it before now.' , ' Oh, well, Master Willie, if you are going to leave your old nurse that's loved you since you werfa baby and going over to her side to love her instead it's time I went away from here.' ' 13ut, said Willie, stoutly, 'I never said I was going to love her, and if I did, one can dove one's mother and one's nurse aa well.' ? . Nurse colored up at this. 'But I hope I ain't just like a common nurse, Master Willie ; I've been treated alnfost like' one of -tbe family, and I m as good as ahe is.' ''I. am sure papa would not like it it lie heard yon speaking like that. Mamma is a lady, if she is a stepmother, and I won t listen to you,'and Willie walked majes tically from the room followed by Claud, who always upheld what his brother said. After that, through ithe remainder of those long summer days Dorry slowly im proved, -the bloom and roundness re turned -to her pale little face and the dim ples to her cheeks, although it was some time before she was the Dorry of old. When once more she was ate to be about and T)lay witih the other children it was weeks ere the little feet lost their listless step and regained tteir olu lisrhtness and fleetness, and whenever the bov° missed her they knew where ehe woul ? be found., cradled in the gentle arms of the one who had so lovingly nursed and cared for her through her long illness, or nestled at her. side on the dressing-room couch ; for none but the gentle little motflier knew the weariness which the child felt in lier days of returning health, and hew grateful was the sense of comfort to nestle up and rest and be beguiled into refreshing sleep by the clear voice of bhe youn-? mother as she told on.ee .again *he nursery stonea . which had been her 'own favorites as a child But Dorry's illness had one good effect. It had cemented them together in love, and though tl j child was often wilful 'and naughty she was always penitent after wards and her love for her stepmother , couW never again be doubted. Mrs. Dug dale felt with -a. grateful heart that her own love and patience ha'd not been wasted, for she had won the child. With the boys, however, it was different. True, their feel- . in-n-s towards their young mother were tar from being as rebellious as of old, ana they were often tempted to yield to her kind ness and forbearance, and give up opposing her. ' But the foolish speeches of their nurse, and the prejudice which had been created in their minds before their step mother came were nard to counteract and overcome. .,„ , Mrs. Dugdale feit their -wilfulness very hard to bear on several occasions during Dorry's recovery, as she herself, far from strong and worn out with tending the ohild, badly needed rest and freedom from worry, and, although she rarely mentioned their wilfulness to her husband, in the quietness of her own room as she lay rest- ? ing during those 'hot summer afternoons, when all nature seemed languid, and she herself the most languid of all, many were the earnest prayers sue offered for wisdom and grace to act arignt, and mahy bitter tears of disappointment and weariness she shed. Yet, in spite of all her discourage ments, she felt sure the children cared more for her than they did before Dorry s illness. CHAPTER V. j: It was Wednesday, and the children al- v.Sp' ways had a half- holiday on that day. Things had been running more smoothly for a week or two than usual. The boys had been remarkably well uenaved; on one or two occasions they had brought their mother .a bouquet of « flowers gathered from their own gardens, whieh she took gratefully as a psace-offering. But on this' particular Wednesday it seemed as if all the naughtiness which had been sup pressed before came out at once. Even little Dorry seemed to have, been unusually mischievous and wilful, and the boys were, as even nurse said, 'enough to try the patience of Job.' '?- They had upset their milk at breakfast time, hidden nurse's thimble and spee tacies. torn leaves out of their copy-books, . and .drawn the riiost remarkable men, women, and animals on them; then with gum. and brush had stuck the same 'pic- tures' on the walls of the schoolroom, and even on the windows. It was at this pleasing occupation Miss Leslie, their governess, found; them - after having had to leave the schoolroom- for a few minutes. She .remonstrated sharply, and a iscen^ followed, in wnich ink and gum were upset in a scuffle and ran along ' the table andon to the floor. . Mrs. D.ugdale,-- passing - the schoolroom door arid hearing- the skirmish, paused ! and looked in to know the cause. Dorry, .,. who had taken but- small share in the papering of the walls; was trying to mop up the ink with a red tablecloth, and' Tub bing her inky, little ,,/ists into her eyes until the picture she presented,, caused a smile to come over Mra. Dugdale. s face, which faded, however, . at 'tihe- light 01 Willie's flushed and angry face. .'- ? 'I (hate you, I do: I' hate you. Miss;, Leslie,^-' he cried-. ?? 'We c'an Mdo what w« like witjfo.-6ur--ywn books; I'll tear every . one I want to just to spite you, now/' 'Willie, Willie,' interrupted his mother, sternly. 'What ' does this mean?-; I' an* ashamed of; you.' ??; ? .,,„-' . - : 'Mrs. - Dugdale/' : said the governess, turning to her, 'l..?eajly 'am at' a loss to know what to do with Willie when he. behaves like this. He can foe so good when. Up flteases/ and is so quick Bt his lessons; !&u;$ TOh$b he gets into one -of Hhese moods ^ itiifl ^simply impossible to keep order to ' ^ej5o.riger ones follow this -example. -.-! j,, 1&alJ;'JiaTe to give up the sitoiationjunlesB , _ , „ jjpifteilfcilig ib done.' u * - ,n- _ -. ?T am very lipriy,. Mis9,v:?J&lie;,. that Willie so.iarjorgets binifleJjE $1$ befa'aves in sudh an ungentlemanly, manner.. Willie, I dhall expect you to- ?beg Iffiss Leslie s pardon, and ahall foe compelled to punish you for this. ;Tell Miss Leslie &dto; sorry you are for your conduct.' | - „ , 'I rihan't/' said' the boy rjidely, Im not a bit sorry and I hate her.' 'Tlhen I Jiall be compelled ip let your father know of tSus, much as .it grieves me to do bo. Claud, tell Mjss Leslie you beg her pardon for your naugh tiness. , But Claud s&ook; Ws Shead and ..edged behind Willie, whose. word was law to trim.' . , Dorry burst into tears, and running to her mother Uhrew 'her arms around her, sobbing, 'Oh, mamma, I'm sorry, though 1 didn't stick the pictures on, only held the gum, but nurse said I got out of bed tne ? wrong side this morning, and I'm so sorry, dear mamma. I won't be a naughty girl again; please forgive me.' Her mother stroked I/he child's silky hair, 'Come into my room, dear, presently, and we will talk it over and set matters right. Miss Leslie, 1 think as it is almost lunch time, you might leave a little earlier than usual to-day, and I will speak to Mr. Dug dale about this, and hope it will be the last time you will bave to complain.' She waited until the governess had col lected the books, put them awAy, and k£t the room, then turning to the boys she said, 'Boys, I cannot tell you hnw grieved I am with your conduct. I shall leave you here now and send you bread and water for your lunch, and you shall not have your usual half-holiday. If during the afternoon you are truly sorry for your wrongdoing you may come anki tell me, and you shall tell Miss Leslie in the morning. Otherwise I shall have to give the matter into your father's hands, and let him act as he thinks lit.' She left the room drawing Dorry with her, and taking the child into her little dressing-room spoke lovingly and gently to her of the sin of disobedience and the happiness of doing right, and when they left the room tuey were better friends than ever. As for the boys, they sat sullen and re bellious in the schoolroom, Willie leaving his allowance of bread and water which came up at lunch time untasted, as did Claud, until, as the afternoon parsed, and hunger came on, he nibbled corners off his bread glancing furtively at Willie at each bite un'til -the. bread was gone. Then he edged aibout in 'his chair and sighed very hard once or twice to attract W-mie's attention, but without effect, as the boy sat with 'his arms folded on the table and ?his head resting on them. ' Willie,' he said, presently. 'What?' said Willie, shortly. 'Are you going to say we're sorry?' ?8 ' No. ' She'll tell papa.' ' Don't care (but he did for all that.) ' I'm tired of stopping here.' Willie took no notice of that remark, and the conversation languished for a time, but presently with another long-drawn sigh — 'Are you 'hungry, Willie?' ' No ; and 1 wouldn't eat that old bread if I was.' Then suddenly sitting up, he said — 'Look here, OJaud, I know vou want to be a sneak and go and tell heir you're sorry, and I won't say I am.' Claud 'protested that such athought as fiving in had never entered 'his head, which am afraid was not quite the truth. But the accusation put him on his mettle, and so the afternoon passed and no repentant boys went downstairs, much to the sorrow of t'hc gentle little mother, who waited and hoped that the time she had given them for thinking the matter over might have brought t/hem to their senses. CHAPTER VI. The children's tea-time came, but Dorry took tea in the nursery alone, and a ser vant (not nurse, whom Mrs. Dugdale wae afraid to trust) carried the boys' tea to the schoolroom. They were both suffi ciently hungry by this time to eat all that was brought them. There is nothing like hunger for bringing down one's pride. They felt much better after tea but not one inch nearer yielding to their mother's command, yet both felt decidedly nervous wiien, just as it had grown dark, they heard their father's step upon the siairs. Mrs. Dugdnle had said nothing of the matter until dinner was over, and then as gently as possible told her husband, smoothing things over as well as she could to make him lenient towards the culprits. But she was very weary, and the worry of the day had been too much, and leaning her head upon her husband's shoulder she wept long and bitterly. He drew her gently into his arms and stroked her hair, seeing more plainly than he* had ever eeen before the strain and worry which she had constantly to hear, and which she had so nobly tried to keep from his knowledge. When he had soothed her, stroking her hair and whispering cheering words, he laid her tenderly on a couch which he wheeled near to the cosy fire, and bidding her rest and not troub.e' herself about any thing with a smiie ne left her. But outside the door the smile left his face, and taking down a walking cane he went upstairs and into the schoolroom, dosing the door carefully after him. In half-an-hour's time two smarting, scabbing bovs crept into bed in tlie -dark. Never before haul their father punished them so severely, and bitter were the tears they shed both of pain and anger. And yet conscience tried hard to be heard, and whispered that the punishment ^_ was well deserved. And then they dreaded tne morning, Willie especially, as their father had told them very plainly both must apologise to their governess, which was to Willie's stub born heart the bitterest punishment of all. Yet lie knew that his father was not to be ?trifled with, and he would have to apolo gise. And then he tnought of his step anofcJier, and the gen tie whisperings of eon science were put aside. ? 'It is all her fault,' he thought. 'If she had never come here we should never have had a governess, and all this wouldn't have happened, its all her fault; I'll serve her out.' He lay awake turning the matter over in . his mind. What could he do to frighten or to vex her? But before he had thought the matter out he (had lallen asleep. Next morning both the boys awoke with the consciousness that something had gone wrong, and as they sat up and rubbed their eyes when nurse called them, the events of tihe day before came vividly back. Dorry, httle loving Dorry, tried in vain to TOaj£e her brothers look more cheerful, but Claud had the consciousness that there were several very tender spots on (his small body, and hie eyes were iheavy from crying. ? A Willie sat with a aepwl on his forehead! eating (his breakfast in silence, and feel ing as if every bite would choke him. But halfipaet 9 came and wi(j!h,it Miss Leslie, wton came upstairs wita Mrs. Ducdale. ? .. ' ,' ?;['.?? ? ; '?? .. ??-'. ..-??/. . ? ? :.:f:-- ? ?? .,?:.?? j 'JGbs Leslie/' said -rjffae JatjIrgB 1 jW; .entered , the . :s.ebtH-lrob- ni::: Warner^ ,Cl think the *bpys .-Shave1' ', Botae$iffife ''$$ ;^|eU; you.': ? ' ? '-?'; ??'?'?'?'? ?:'-.^;^v?.:'iI'-'f';'j^ff The subject being tihwAalrpfliigid-'ifoey'; blurted out au ?unwiUing'apolo|y';fpr ' jfast misdeeds. . '' ' ''. 'j1- '.- .-' ?.?' ?. ' '? i.-.'f-' '..'?'?t'V' /.? 'Now, dear boys, 36. commence ^jafipejSb. Uhjs morning; imake amends toy I&iiig; ^spe- cially good, said their mother fineourag ingly. 'Miss Leslie. I am sure, ireely foi- gives. you, and will let (bygones foe (by gones. .. ???':-. She left t5ie. room, hoping that: all. un- pleasantness was over. - _' The day -was warm and mellow, and' tihere was not a suspicion of ^coming win ter in the air. It was a -day~t3iat tempted one out of doors, and as the young -wile; looked from her window and felt the sweet -balmy air upon iher dieeka she de cided to 'have t!he buggy brought round and go for a short drive to see Mrs. Grey, au old lady, who lived at a little distance. '¥ou should try and get. out a little niore, my dear,' her husband had said that morning. 'Leave care and worry and the children at home sometimes.' So she acted upon his advice, and set out for her little jaunt that morning, taking Dorry with her for company. On arriving at their old friend's house they were received with open. arms, and forbidden to think of going home until sunset at the earliest. And so they spent a pleasant day, and in the afternoon, while Dorry ran wild in the garden and romped with Mrs. Grey's faithful old Nero, Mrs. Dugdale rested upon the comfortable o d couch, in the cosy sitting-room, and told of some of her difficulties to her old friend. 'Ah, my child,' she answered, 'I doubt not you are sore worried sometimes ; but there is One above who will never leave nor forsake you ; trust Him and all will come right.' 'I do, indeed,' answered the young wife with brimming eyes, 'and I feel, if I am only spared to win their love and confi dence, I could die happy.' ?'Nonsense, child ; who is talking of dying,' interrupted the old lady, 'luere's many a busy year of life before you yet ere you can *be spared. ' iveep up heart and hope for the best,' is my motto, and I've come through many and sore troubles. And now I shall give you a cup of tea be fore you s'fcart for home, and little Dorry must come in am est bersen. What a bright little minx she is, 10 be sure.' And tfhe old ladv bustled round cheerily and waited on her guests, and all were sorry when ifhe visit was over and the 'buggy at the gate again. 'Haven't we had a real good time ?' said Dorry, with a sigh, as she plumped down on her cushion. 'I wish we could go uhere every day.' 'I am aifraid, dear, we should wear out our welcome ti we 'went every day ; but you shall go again and we will take the boys next time.' CHAPTER VII. 'Now, Dorry, dear,' said her another on reaching home, 'suppose you run upstairs and ask nurse i£o change yoffr frock, and as papa won't be 'home unitil late this evening I think you and the boys might have your itea served in .the dining room and keep me company.' '.May we? ah, how nice. And may we stay up a 'bit longer t'lian usual ?' said Dorry, coaxingly, with 'her head on- onte side, you might be lonely, you know.' 'You little puss,' returned her mother, laugfliing, 'two for yourself ami one for me ; well, run away now and we shall, s'ee. So they all met in Uhe ?dining-room ait dinner time, and even Willie thought he had never seen anytuing prettier than his 3tepm-ot'her's fair face that night. He carried (lie memory of it for many a sad long day afterwards, and pictured her as he saw her that nigdvt, helping tfhem boun tifully to all sorts of good things ?wihiclh growing bo^s like, and chatting merrily to them all the time of Mrs. Grey's pets and of tihe pleasant day that they most all spend there by-and-bye. The. outing 'had really done her good, and she looked very bright and winning with sparkling eye's and heightened coOor in Oier dieeks tffiat had of late been so pale, and her fair hair clustering in curls around her white brow. After dinner she had tOiem drawn up to the fire (for the evening was a trifle oliilly), and for an 'hour or two told them stories of Bier own bricht childhood, and bedtime came round all too soon for the children. 'Now to 'bed, dears. What will papa think if lie comes tfiome and finds ehree little wideawakes here? Good -nigiht^dear children; God bless you.' She kissed eaoh forehead, and dismissed Uhcm. Dorry hung roumd her neck and covered Jher face with kisses, an'd as Claud raised his face for his mother's good-night kiss 'his eyes suddenly filled with tears, and he gave her hand a (hasty little snueeze and hurried away. Willie accepted her kiss, but made no rasponse beyond an al most inaudible 'good-night' as he left the room. Nothing was said bet-ween the two boys until tlhey reached their bedroom door. Then Claud whispered, 'You're not going to rfo tJiat, WiJJie, are you?' ''Why not,' asked Willie, Hesitatingly. 'She's awful nice,' said Claud. 'Yes, to get us die thrashing she did last night.' ? 'But we inight get another .for tihis, Willie, if father gets to kuow of it.' 'She won't tell, if we had been rude to her yesterday instead of to Miss Leslie she wouldn't have told. Another thing, she won't know who it is perhaps.' Claud 'looked doubtful, but raised no further objection, ueinc afraid that Willie would call him a coward. 'Didn't we have a stunning tea,' he said, as they took off their boots. 'First-rate.' answered Willie, smacking his lips. Then, as if the thought of it had softened his 'heart, he' said with a little burst, 'Do you know, Claud, I think I'll turn over a new leaf to-morrow and he a better boy.' 'Yes; do,' said the younger tboy, eagerly. 'So will I. You won't do that to-n'i'ght, flien?' 'Yes, I will. I owe her that, but I'll commence to-morrow morning.' Mrs. Dugdale sat by the fireside for a while after the children had gone to bed waiting for her husband'sreturnhome,butwhenhalf an hour had passed and he had not come she commenced to feel weary. The small excitements of the day and the chatter of the children had made her head ache a little. ' I will go and get my smelling salts,' she thought, 'it will rouse me up to walk about, and the salts will do my head good.' ? She passed out into the hall, which was brightly lighted by the hang ing lamp and commenced slowly to ascend the stairs, holding tightly to the banister. She paused for a second on the landing at the top of tfhe first flight to take breath, and then commenced on-oe more to ascend, -wttnclerihte the Tvlhile how it was the un-, per landtiiiff would 'be . in darkness. It ?was Ibut a short flight, and she had got bub (half-way up when a horrible noise emote .rw^^aafU^pi^^b^y^tdkin^iilie^n^' :TOw ;%hdjjpfc«jelund *Ker ^nd^ouneinfe 76$ ' ;again- lelii'ttftiiig af the artairs as she feDyHih japwitli a %-e&yy;:.ithu'd ^ie readhed the i haH1 belolw:. ;;.,TOei^i;%5ou|^:;KuiTsrii»g*fcet; Nurse «aine vquieMy-'biit; and as the nursery door vras: operied^a Jbr4g1ft light! fell upph the upper landing, revealing, the l?wo toys in their nigh'tclotEes, a long-handled broom lying on the floor, and d sheet streaming on to tlie stairs. : .??'?-? .-??.'?? '; : -..' 'What'is :the matter, -fix mercy's sake, children?'? cried nurse (-who being a little -leaf, had riot heard anything but the screain), gl'anoing 'from one to -«the other of tne terror-striken boys. 'Who is hurt?' ' , ;. .-?:;?? Their. dry lips refused to answer, but Willie, from whose face every particle , of color, had faded, pointed to the floor .be-; low, . and nurse, leaning over the banis ter, saw ..the prostrate form. - ;: . .? With a cry she rushed7 downstairs, and met the ottaer servants ^hurrying from the kitchen. .. ? ? ??. Her heart stood still, for there lay her mistress with the ^iood flowing from a wound inner forehead, and saturating her fair hair and soft white dress. They raised her, bore 'her into the din ing-room, and laid her on a couch, while nurse wrung her hands, crying, 'Oh, what shall we do: She's dead. What shall we do? Go for a doctor, someone, luickly.' Just xiien the front door was opened from without, and Mr. Dugdale walked in. He looked in surprise ?; at the frightened servants huddled together. 'What is the matter?' he demanded. 'And what is that?' pointing with horror at -he bloodstained floor. 'The mistress, sir, has fallen downstairs; she is in here,'' was the answer, as a shak ing finger pointed the way. In a moment he was at his wife's side, chafing her cold hand, and calling her every tender name, imploring her to speak to him, but those white lips were mute, and the closed eye lids never fluttered. 'Robert, take the fastest horse, andbriug a doctor— two — the best you can find. Quickly, man, it's life and death. . There is life yet; her pulse moves faintly.' The man hurried anvay, and sending for water and. bandages the agonised husband assisted by those around him, washed the blood from that dreadful wound on the fair young .brow, and bound it up as tenderly as any mother could have done, tihen, mixing a little brandy and water, tried to pour a few drops between those set lips, but Mrs. Dugdale made no attempt to swallow. The moments seemed like lhours? yet nothing more could be done, but wait the arrival of a medical anan, Tihe husband knelt beside the prostrate form, pillowing tihe blood-stained head upon fiiis breast, and raining 3iot tears upon tihe unconscious face, as he cried— 'Oh, God; if I had only been liere it' inight never 'have happened. Oli, my dear one, look at me o;rce more; speak to me; you must not die.' In less tftian half an hour the sound of horses' Ihoofs was heard, and soon (jhe doctor entered, followed in a moment by another one. A brief and hurried examination fol lowed, then Uhe two doctors consulted to gether in a low tone. 'She must be car ried to her room, and got into bed at once,' said the doctor who had attended Dorry in 'her illness of the summer. 'We cannot tell the extent of tihe injuries at present, but must, Mr. Dugdale, prepare you for the worst, I fear. It would be little short of a miracle for her to re cover after such a shock. How did it happen that she had such a fall?' Before 'nurse, who had come forward to tell all she knew, could answer, Willie, who -iad crept downstairs, and had been croudhing at tihe door, unnoticed, rushed towards nis father, and, throwing himself upon t.'ue floor at his feet in a paroxysm 01 convulsive weeping,, poured out tihe story of fiiis wrongdoing, how, 'to spite their stepmother' they had got out of bed and waited with the slieet and broom for her to come upstairs, intending if she did not do so to creep down to the dining room door, never meaning to hurt, only to frigbben her by makinE her 'think it was a ghost, and Willie, who had found an old horn, blew it, not 'too loudly for fear nurse would hear, but i''1- loudj-' enough to make tilie ghost seem real. Tney had meant t-o slip back into their own room, creep into bed, and make je'neve to be asleep, in case their stepmother enquired into tne matter, when to their dismay she lost her balance and fell. Such was the meaning of ilhe broken sentences which the sobbing boy tried 'to utter. He clasne'd 'bis fatfhers feet in an agony, 'Papa, 'tilirash me, do sc-Tnefchin*- tto me, only don't say she will die. Punish me, farther, do, for be'me so wicked.' 'An'd me, 'too, pa.pa. Ob, I didn't mean to frighten her -inueai,' interrupted Claud, clinging to his father's nand. 'It -was all my fault, papa,' put in Willie, 'Claud didn't want to and I made him. Oh, mamma, maimma, open your eyes and speak tto me. I*, never ddsobey you again. Oli, mamma, I do love you, I dn miffed. Forgive me..' And the boy lifted the cold hand which hung from it'he couch anid covered it with kisses, stroking it tenderly and reverently. 'Boys,' said their father sternly, 'I shall -not punish you, you have ounis'hed yourselves, for you 'have killed her.' With a great bursting sob 'he turned from 'the shivering children clad in their nightciothes. CHAPTER VIII. Mrs. Dugdale was carried tenderly and carefully to her room, undressed, laid in her bed, and efforts made to restore con sciousness. The wonder was how she had escaped in stant death, said the doctors. The thick carpet on the staii must have broken the severity of the fall. On, what a terrible night that was. A professional nurse was sent for, and the tiwo doctors remained all-night, and came many times the next day. Days and nights followed, whic.h to the poor suf fering creature in that darkened room were all mixed up together in anguish, pain, and delirium. After the first dreadful night Mrs. Dug dale regained partial consciousness, and knew her husband, who, through those first dark hours, never left her side, 1)ut then her mind would wander -and she would raise her hand feebly to her ban daged head and beg them to take the heavy weight off it. 'It hurts so,' she said, plaintively. Then a second nurse came, and night and day they watched that terrible battle between life and death. The children' never saw their father through those dreadful days. He rarely left, the bed room to go further than: tne little, dressing- room adjoining that he, might be within Ball..' i ;? -. ? ? ''?.? ' ??: i - ... ;;iK 'was a relief to them to be scolded ; anytrhing fcuft that1 terrijbje silence . which iroigned throughout tne fatouse, Qncfi ^S^^-'.^^^^S^^/*^^^' went *o, Jtoe 'nurseryji- :.8onie'Bh5ng unusua), na^jfinggr ;.$o gmomtMfe^&'^eh &«tefl*£id : 'fcneaii r^ni&U;^' and '^uroijjift ' Jyafek $ie ':' 'saiaif coverlet pf/rwHat . pi^yfia |b be ^inf^t'i^ :cT$;s't^idvl»pk;^^^i^.;.^.'fi^'-d.ft'f ?Theyf'ww -» : tihy-i-ud»red .face amongst^ a bTiridleJ!of lace aoicl' flaiinel. As i'tliey Idpbed1 ffie eJeepy ffli$$ eyes un€losed and' Tdinkediatthe l^hV.^!Mitoh it^evideWtly; 4id 'not 'approve, ,. for' it cbnurience^*. to sqruiinn 'and strike out its Sit/tie red! fists', /fiheii set up a pitiful - La, la,' at Which nurse rocked it gentfly to anti fro iall the wee face grew calm once more, and it slept.- ? ? : .... .. . -\\- . '' , -'? \- ' See 'what (has come to us,' said she, ?beckoning' Doris to come and look,; 'you ivill %aye'i?his little 'baby to love; if it is spared, instead. of your poor mamma: you won't jhaTC iuir'mvdh longer, . And ouree put her apron to her eves and sojbbeld. ^Phe three children gatnered round the tiny bed, stroking the wee.f ace wit!h gentle fingers and crying biitterly. Oh, -to -have back the old 'happy days when all was bright anld cheerful ; tb,ui dp. tihat dreadful night ; to Ihaveaimohe thejtn once more that gentle face with its winning smiles. But all their sorrow couJd not undo the past. ' '.. Fwwn that*' ihour the love which was lavished upon that tiny babe was touching ?to. behold. Willie espedaily would sit by the nour with its little hand clasped tightly around his finger as it siept peacefully. He seemed almost to ? worship the baby sister who had come to them when all was dark and wretched, an'd never grew tired of -watching it. At first it was thought unlikely 'that the child would live, but as days jvea'fc 'by it grew and thrived, tiny doll though it was. And still their mother's life hung in the balance ; but she was young, and her con stitution battled hard for victory over the grim tyrant, death. Day by day they watched for the end ; iridee'd, they who loved her most could hardly wish her life to be prolonged. One stormy morning, three weeks after the; baby came, Willie, wandering discon solately through the house, came upon two. o-f ^he servants whispering together. He caugh't his own name. Wlhat was it they were saying ? ' He would always feel like a murderer if she died.' He rushed from the house and out into the garden, throwing himself in an agony upon the wet grass. The wind howled and moaned about 'Mm. Tlie tree unjer which he lay flung its branches to and fro, drenching him wi'fch water from its wet foliage ; but what did he care for rain or winvd. ' A murderer, * murderer,' kept ringing in his ears. He grappled with the wet grass as with an enemy, tearing it up in handiuls in his miserv, how long he had lain there he did not know when his father's voice pronounced his name. He looked up only to hide his fate again. '?' Come. Willie, I want to talk to you,' said his father, raising the boy to his feet and. taking 'his hand, together they walked up and down the gravelled path. Wlint a change the boy saw in his father's haggard face. Oh, how he poured his heart o-t in Deni tence, and 'what promises he made for the future if 'her life would only be spared. Willie felt he had never loved his father as he did that day, and the father, seeing the terrible state of mdnd mto whidh the boy was wrought, could bufc soothe him, knowing that the punishment he had brought upon himself was almost greater than he could bear. Tlie 'husband's heart was well nigh broken, yet he coui'd not but forgive and soothe his erring child. When Willie crept again into the house he felt that he could not face anyone else. As he passed tihe nursery door he Iheard nurse singing softly- to hush 'the fretful wailing of the ba'oe in her arms. He could not bear the sound, so stole ouietlv 'to liis own room, 'to find Claud tiiere lean ing apainst the blurred and misty window pane and crying softly. .Villie,' he said, turning as his brother came in, 'the new nurse s.-ws we shall have no mamma by to-morrow. 'Claud,' answered the boy, too exhaus ted and worn out to shed ano— .er tear, 'papa and I have been praying, oh so 'hard, for her to get better. I believe she will ; I do reailly. Oh. if she does, if she does, what a different boy I will be.' He threw himself upon tne floor, and laying his head upon his arm soon fell into a heavy sleep, and when nurse came to call them to their midday dinner she found him still sleeping, and slipping a pillow under his head drew toe 'ounger boy quietly out and closed the door. CHAPTER IX The afternoon spent itself in storm, wind and rain, but at sunset the clouds c. 'tn mence'd to pass away, the wind fell, and it was a gleam from the setting sun which shone into Willie's face and -woke him. He was very stiff and tired, yet more peaceful than he had felt since that first terrible night, nearly four weeks ago, for something (who shall say it was not a ministening angel) whispered to him that his prayer would be heard, and with childish faith he waited for the answer. That night the crisis came ; the hus band an'd night nurse watched at the bed side. It had seemed as if that poor suf fering form had been en'dued with super natural strength, but at the turn of the night the delirium passed away, the last remnant 01 strength was spent, and the sufferer lay motionless and exhausted, without the power to move a muscle, with closed eyes, and breath that flickered but faintly through Iher parted lips. Once or twice she drew a deep»sigh, and the anxious watchers thought she was gone. But by morning t'he crisis was over, she slept nearly all the following day, only opening her eyes once- or twice, as they gen-'tly moistened her parched lips, 'jut in those sunken eyes there was recog nition once more. Who can tell tne joy in that home when the news was brought that the wo^rst was over ? ? The doctor rubbed his hands with satis faction when he came next morning. ' Kitchen physic would be all she would need soon,' he said, and day .after day saw furbher improvement, until there eaime a day wOien they brou^-t her first born little one to Iher side. With what pride and joy she gazed upon that downy head as they laid it upon her arm, and as df acknowledging its mtojtfiier's love ' and welcoming 'her back to 'life a smle passed over the tiny sleeping face w'hicfh caused the mother's heart to throb with joy and hope as ehe feebly drew it to her heart and placed ier first kiss unon tfts little forehead. „ . , .' ] Then turning from Iher babe s-je assed to sec the children. . .'Ify Jove, I think it is boo soop '' pleaded 'her' 'husband, but the wistful look m her eyes as she answered, 'Just for a miim'te, gamed 'tfhe day, and tflie children were brought,' after many warnings to fee quiet an'd m6t excite *her. :--J.,g,.,.. .^.., I:...-'... '?'??^?'.j' V 'i.. ^ .. .'.'.'??' I,'!': 7' '.. ''', ?' ''' ^f ^^T^ ^S^^^mVtralid; 1o^i&«riIb ---? Willie 'saM ; v.' Sv ;i %fmMybo: Ifre&k; %vh-en ' W. Wtr : imt fteei) ?' ?: -:^ jilpjjn^he^pfllow, »fo: 'different .from - t^fiat -^ ^ -: -.?': ae^iaaiseeniitlast that ^he scarcely recog: ; 5 4iaied/it^'''-1' '?? '?.' .??'???,.-?.' ??'?.?-..'??;.?'? ?:'.'? '????';lWl; .. They! 0oMd: but? steal jBoftlViiip, begging: ??;: '? ?:'. -M foer^prgivtoiass in ^broken- voaces.' . ?:'-. A ... .?.:*- : v' Y:es,;I do, forgive. yon,. d«ar^ 'boys,' sjie '?'?. . . ,«add,;in a ,weak- unfamiliar voice, 'papa ?has told me all aHoiit it. We shall liave-' many 'happy days tbgstiher yet I hope. - Shall we let jthe -old days be forgotten and Commence '. afresh from to-day?' Then ' witlijomething like a flash of her old ^ bright. s-»]f -she asked— ?'How do you like the wee-sis'ter ? I shall heed a .great deal ' of help 'from you all,: you inow, when I get better, tb take care of her.' Then a faint look of pain canie. over her - '...? face, she closed her eyes .wearily, and.'tJhe ? .. V. children were led quietly from the i' room.' ?♦? The ol'd days were ihdee'd' over. ? From ?»??'??'. ?that hour there were no more .humble' ?'.-' '??' slaves than the children were to their step-., inbther and the tiny feaibw : no happier*, hours' 'than were spent in her company. ??' It had been a terrible experience that they s 'had gone through, but it had borne 4cuit, and 'they knew that the love they gave her a was amply returned, and when the young ?srife for 'the first time came down stairs, amid general rejoicings, with her loved ; . ones around her, she felt that indeed her cup was full, and that for her, if she might choose her place, through all the world, she would be whtft and where she was— a loved and loving stepmother, in her own dear happy home. -? ^ . 