WESTERN MAIL" CHRISTMAS NUMBER. STOEY AND PHOTOGEAPHIC COMPETITIONS. The competitions in connection with, the forthcoming Christmas number of the WESTERN MAIL have evoked great interest. Tho number of competitors has been large and the standard reached creditable. THE STORY COMPETITION. The story competition waa specially in fa- vour, well on towards 100 stories being sub- mitted. News ef the prizes offered, ranging from £6 downwards, had travelled far, for manuscripts came rolling in from the Eastern colonies as well as from all parts of Western Australia. The first marked characteristic of the stories was that as a whola they were considerably ahead of those received for the 1897 competition, in puahty as well as in mere quantity. Several of the writers manifested great originality iu their main conception, but there was a lack of ability to carry out these ideas. Commonplace subjects -were more ably handled. Naturally tales of the fields were in great favour, even by writers who had never seen the colony and who relied for their information on the occasionally treacherous memorias of brothers who had been West. Almost every tale of this sort had a rich find in it. A huge nugget or an acre or two of reef rivalling Kalgoorlie in richness w.is apparently the very least that could be expected as suitable Christmas fare. In addition, there was, of course, the inevi- table heroine. Few of the authors apparently thought that she was sufficient to form the whole of the hero's reward. Then there was the "pastoral" and farm story of rustic courtship and bush fires, usually relating to some other colony even if palpably adapted to Wostern Australian conditions. The tales . of city life were much fewer, and on the whole better, because dealt with in fuller knowledge. The wanderings into the psychological were few but daring, for these ghostly subjects are refractory to handle. Apparently the historical novel and the detective" story are not a model for the local dabblers in fiction, possibly because they are not specially adapted to Australian conditions. At all events they did not bulk in the competi- tion. The influence of many well- known writers was clearly apparent, although the neurotic and the sex story and the pain- fully cynical tale were kept in check by the general desire to follow out a Christ- mas tone which was occasionally tiresome. Bret Harte, Ethel Turner, Lawson, .and others had left their mark, so as in many cases to destroy the originality of the tales. After much weighing of the different stories the number was reduced to five, from which, with some difficulty three wera selected "Connolly's Bonanza Kush," by George Hope, 1st prize (£0). "The Prediga!," by N. Y. Philpott, 2nd prize (£3). ^ "Tho Capturo of Jimmy," by Julian Mitchell, 3rd prize (£1), The first, though somewhat reminiscent of Bret Harte, is undoubtedly the best tale received relating to the mining industry, and is full of touches which show the writer's intimate knowledge of his subject. All who have been on the fields will enjoy many of the scenes, while those who have not had that, perhaps doubtful, pleasure, will also enjoy them as tales of an unknown life, dhiefly dust, drought, drinks, and dis- comfort, even if at times redeemed by golden prizes. Mrs. Philpott*s story goes no further afield than Peiih and the agri- cultural lands beyond, although one scene givc3 a sidelight of western New South Wales. The hero is a finely-delineated ne'er-do-well, while his sisters and the other characters aie to the life, the dialogue being, however, immeasurably brighter than in real life. " The Capture of Jimmy " has a trait that was somewhat lacking in the bulk of the stories-humour. It is a dainty piece of writing, and while thd plot might with advantage have been less fragile, the sketch certainly ranks among the first three. " The Mystery of a Man's Spirit," by James H. Odell, narrowly missed a prize. To some extent it was the best piece of serious delineation of char- acter received, as well as the most original dive into the realms of th» spirit world. Bnt after reaching a fine crisis the writer proved unequal to the subsequent hand- ling of his subject, and so marred what tho judges regarded as a more than creditable commencement.- "The Martyrdom of Manton," by Marcus Clarke, j un., was cer- tainly a well-told story. But it drew a condition of affairs that never existed in Western Australia, and played skittles with the unity of place, if not with that of time, to a degree which the judges consi- dered exceeded tho license willingly accorded to writers of fiction. THE PHOTOGRAPHIC COMPETITION. The photographic competition scarcely reached such a high level as was antici- pated. In the first place, the term« of the competition were not adhered to by many of the competitors. So much was this the case that in one class no prize was awarded, while in others the winning photographs, while good in themselves, could, strictly speaking, have been rejected. While so much latitude was allowed by the judges on this occasion, in future competitions it will apparently be necessary to mere strictly define what is required and then reject all that do not fulfil the conditions. The most of the competitors tried for the prize of £3 for the best single view. Although the com- petition was an open one, both amateurs and professional photographers competing, an amateur, Mr. E. T. Hamersley, of York, carried off tho prize, as he did in the'photo- graphic competition in connection with the WESTERN MAIL earlier in the .year. His view was a quiet little glimpse of an over- flow from the Avon river, and was a beautiful piece of sylvan scenery. Un- fortunately the photograph did not lend itself to reproduction, many of the fine half shades being lost in the process. The next best views wera by Messrs. Shaw Bros., of Bunbury, who entered some exquisite glimpses of river scenery. Perhaps the most absolutely perfect photo- graph was that by Mr. Charles Sherwood, showing the Perth Narrows with such fidelity that not a ripple on the water was omitted. But it was a photograph rather than a view, and lacked the softer grace of the others. Mr. O. C. S. Lovelle and Mr. J. H. Hurst sent in several fine views. The prize of £5 for the best series illustra- tive of life in Western Australia evoked no great variety. None of the lots were TOfiieiently diversified to win the prize, which was divided between Mr. C. Walker, of Stirling-street, and Mr. W. Short, of Yarloop. While excellently taken, the views of the former related almost ex- clusively to Perth and the Swan, while Mr. Short dealt wholly with the timber milling industry, except, that he eave several scenery views and a photograph of dryblowers at work. The prize of £1 for the best "study of beauty" evoked com- petitors from the other side of Australia, but was won by a fine study of a blind aboriginal, " Blind Bobby," and his gin in the bush, taken by Messrs. Shaw Bros., of Bunbury. A special- second prize of 103. went to Mr. Adair, of Hay-street, for a more conventional study of a girl's face. Messrs. Shaw Bros, also won the prize of £1 for the best '.' animal study," though in this case, also, the usual definition of the term was not observed by competitors. The "living picture" pris.a of £1 was practically not competed fov, none of the views being tip ^to the mark. In future competitions amateurs alone will be in- vited to compete, as the result of these trials shows that to a great extent, the professionals, as might be expected, out- class the amateurs. THE CHILDREN'S COMPETITION. "Aunt Mary" who presides over 'the Children's Column of the WESTERN MAIL, has had the competition with regard to it adjudicated upon and sends the following report :-" On the whole the stories written by children under 12 (the 2nd class) show more originality than those sent in by the 1st class (over that age). This is difficult to account for, unless it be caused by the wider reading of the older girls. In many cases it is evident that the plots of their stories were suggested, unconsciously I am sure, by some book or tale they have read. One very good story, entitled " What Dido Saw," was not accompanied by the age of the sender, and I was, therefore, re- luctantly compelled to disqualify it. The prize in the senior division falls to a naturally expressed and original little tale, "The Children's Picnic," by Tiny Shenton, The Gift, South Perth; aged 12½ years. "A Faithful Doggie," by Ethel Burt, Adelaide-terrace, Perth, is not quite so original in plot as the first- named, but is so well and concisely expressed that I think it is worthy of moro than honourable mention, so award it a special prize. The prize story in the junior division, " How Louie found the Ghost," is distinctly original in plot and well expressed. It is as good as any in the senior division. Its author is Amy Minchin, who is 11 years and 11 months old. In this class honour- able mention Í3 made of the stories of Nellie E. Stacy, Alice Mena Glyde, and Daisy Paterson. The papers on "How I spent my Holidays " aro, on the whole, a little disappointing. The bast in the senior division is written by Gertrude Minchin, aged 13 years and 10 months, and in the junior division by Daisy Paterson, aged 11 years and 1 month. To these two girls, therefore, the prizos will bo given. The poetry and sketches are poor, and I am afraid both these subjects have proved to be rather beyond most of the children. To the drawing sent by Kitty B. Cowan, Sharks Bay, 13 years and 5 months, one prize is given, and the piece of poetry, entitled " Her Answer," by Rose Osborne, 114 Barrack-street, 14 years old, carries off honours in that division, while honourable mention is made of Daisy Gibbney's " The Western Mail." Not knowing how to class a very interesting letter from George Cowan, 8 years and IO months, lo Victoria street, West Perth, I give it a special prize, and it will be included in the Christ- mas Number with the ether prize- takers. The prizes will consist of books." 