OBR PARIS LETTER. 'Pakis, April 9. The. French take the checkmate of Russia in China complacently; that -is to. say there is no openly expressed irritation. At the same time there is no pleasure 'indulged in at England's forward policy in obtaining such an ad- mirable naval base 1,500 . milos norths, wards from Hongkong .as "Woi-hni- AVei. It' may not he as oxcollcnt ns Port' Arthur or/Kiaoohou, but it meets and satisfies ilritish heeds, and as' Sancho Panza says, whon one is - content -there is nothing -more to he desired. The Tempt is slightly disturbed by tho British scoring. . It is the organ of tlio Foreign Office, ' and '-may bo accepted as pouring balm into the wound of tho 'ally. Baron do Itothsohild's ' journal, the Debuts ', - sees nothing extraordinary in England having the usufruct! of - "Wei-- hai-Wei, as Russia has of Port Arthur ; but in. being accorded tho reformation of tho Chinese navy an omnipotent advant age haB been nccorded to Britain.' It is to be hoped that the J womb of time will not see, as was witnessed some years ago, - China dispensing with English aid in favour of lior own naval talonts. England is occupied with' other Chincso negotiations. It was only a 'part' surprise, to learn she lias a secret- understanding with Japan. She will give up , Port Hamilton whon Russia withdraws her Swiss guards from the Seoul palace. Then there is no reason why Japan should not secure the lease of a sphere of influence on. main land China, just as well as the other grabbers. Russia has so tricked her out of her war triumphs that a compensation is due her. It is also observed that the conduct of Russia has brought about a hotter understanding between England and Germany — a situation the dual alliance will not expend the burning of a taper upon to express its satisfaction, There remains France ; there can bo .no diifioultyin her claims for compensation being arranged, provided she does not attempt to encroach upon British interests, or to adopt her West African tactics.. England can no longer bo cajoled and bamboozled -bv soft sawder; Tunisia was the last dose. People ' are confuted' and confounded respecting, the Spanish and American war. It is to he hoped ' that further delay in the outbreak of hostilities will allow thc'trcmbling chances of peace to gather strength. But. America desires to bo rid of tho Cuban question for good, and is satisfied that can only bo achieved by according Cubans their independence. Will Spain climb down ? All is in that. Perhaps she will prefer a campaign ere she -swallows tho bitter pill. The Spanish colony in Paris is anything but gay just now ; they know the : terrible odds , against their - country, .and how the conflict must ultimately end. Spain has no1 allies, and' her staying power is measured.-' Like other nations; France is trying, to stave off the "war. She has a very largo interest at stake in Spauisli finances, and tho " drops " in prices have already "deranged her exchange. ' However, she . sells no ships of any kind to Spain ; instead, she gives good advice and wishes a lmppy dolivernnee for Spain out of all her troubles. Tho latter cannot pay tho national debt., of Cuba, some £90,000,000, so it would he, bettor in the matter of the unconquerable island, to "loose her 'and let her go." ' If America takes possession of the Philip pine and Canary Islands, and sells thorn to recoup her war indemnity, Germany- and England it is said,' would be tho reversionary bidders; People are apprehensive that the Dreyfus question will come up again in the courts. It seems the army is not prepared to accept the decision of tho Court' of Appeal quashing the proceed ings of . tho -court below. . It was the Chamber of Deputie's that forced the Executive 1 to prosecute Zola for his scorching letter upon tho finding ' of the Esterhazy court-martial! The Minister of -War has been ruled by the appeal to have had no right to prosccuto Zola, it wasfor tho court-martial to take a collective. potion ; that body will now hnvo to decide' oithbr to lot the subject drop and. bo ' buried in tho bosom of the deep ocean, or prosecute. Zola is determined and ready to fight, but in tho new -trial, ho assorts, now matter, that was kept back will bo forthcoming. It is for the Government to decide if the agitation is to bo rcoponcd. A por tion of. the Press is demanding that Zola's name ho struck off the roll of tho Logion of- 1 Honour, and the War Alraisfcer and -those generals ho scarified intend-.to individually indict. him for defamation. ' In -that coso they must no : longer -'remain protected by pro fessional secrecy, so that tho entire Dreyfus business must go into the public' washtuh. It would be a wise man who could divine libw it will all end. No one reflects1 , on 'tlio army, hut the imbroglio is not the loss asserted, to bo a matter affecting its status/ : - . , The courts haverulcd on two important cases affecting authors and writers. M. Dubout claimed- the -right to reply to his critic, M.Jules-Lomaitre, in tho " Revile' des Donx Mondes," for his remarks on- the drama of "Fredegonde," a play presented last year at the Cotnedio Frarioaise. Tho editor, ' M. Brunetiere, declined - to publish Dubont'S reply.-' The latter took action against the review— the leading one in France — and was. cast. ' Biit he carried the ease to the Court of Appeal, that- awarded damages to secure costs', and ordered tlio reply to ho inserted. Having won; M. Dubout announced that lie had vindicated tho right of authors ;to reply to their critics, and did not wish his reply to appear, or damages to be paid. Hence forth, if the review of a book' or play be unpalatable, tho writer's reply must be published. ' " Unaccepted manu scripts will not ho returned." That is n common notice in nowspnpers and periodicals. A -gentleman sent to tho " Correspondent," a fortnightly review, a novel for acceptance. It lay asleep in the editor's drawer for two years, and no notice was taken of his letters to return the manuscript. He sued the proprietor, and recoivcd, expenses aud the story. The court ruled that so long as tho periodical took no notice of the application for tho return of the manu script it was not responsible, but onco entering into correspondence with the writer, it was liable for all conso- quonccs. ' Housebreakers rive quite common in Paris ; tlioy are only dangerous, like rats, if run into a corner ; b'o polite to tliom, and they will givo back sigh for sigh. Thoy generally hunt in couples. A few weoks ago, , two house— or rather room— breakers entered an apartment ; they had all the .world beforo them where to choose, as 110 occupant was visible. Thoy speedily packed up the loot', but before retiring visited a sort of boudoir, were they bolicld a dead woman allincoffin toilette, and with outstretched arm ' threatening 'them. ' They turned right about, loft the loot/ and de camped. It was tho owner, an old lady, who acted ghost in' the 'absence of police,-, men. Two young burglars tried their jprentice hands at picking and stealing, in the empty - rooms of a commercial cleric. . In the last room was tho owner, as dead as Queen Anne,- having hanged himself thrpugh 'misery. Thoy fled like n Chinese general and his army. Death is nil powerful. Auidiuor was cooking a veal cutlet with tomato sauco, when he remembered - thrit was tho anniversary of his wife's suicide, who had hung herself in the next room. " AVliut is tho use of living for a chop and a tomato?"' ho asked himself. 'Ho went into the room, antl 'sus pended himself from tlio. same lampr ring where his wife hanged herself. Ho bungled the affair; his groans wore heard by neighbours, who' arrived and out him down.' A doctor and a policeman .wero called. In the course .of an hour he was himself again, and in cliargo of a detectivo sat flown ' to the cutlet, merely remarking it had become quite cold. The French seem to view the world q- coming to un end.. England, that was viewed as dying out, has burst into frosli life to all' appearances, is ready, and not unwilling to fight in any part of- the world. Yesterday the Afridis wero - cutting her' sol diers up badly oil tlio .Indian frontier; to-day the Afridis desire to chair Sir AV". Lockliart, their con queror, on the occasion of his temporary 'farewell, aud ask to bo allowed to .fight Britain's enemies'. Russia would do well to stick a pin in that fact." "In Egypt, Emir Muhmud has led.tke back- tiono— and mayhap nil tlio bone-of the Khalifa's army, into -Sir H. Kitchener's tpap, who exorcises the Anglo- Egyptian army at their' expense, '.pending tho rising of . tlio Nile, .when the excur sion party for Khartoum will set out. The "hue arifl cry" should offer a reward to discovor where the .asserted settlement of the'AVest African Anglo- French dispute has vanished to. Cro'to itself, promises to jie-paoified Before the invaders of Nikki return Jto their own njnnoeuvririg ground. : -v / - I The automobile, oar i? making rapid progress .in Pnris. One -vehiclo has appeared with tho-figurehbadof .ahorso, lrfe-sizo, to rernpvo the unyoked, look of the front of the vehiolo. ; It -will not dp ; it imparts a childish, a toy look to the .car.- . Tho .Automobile Club , has how 1,200 mombors, and every member is bound.ipbp either, able to .engineer a motor car, or to possess one, , ' Four yeare ' ogp . tho' sociofy was, founded by its ' two . presidents, .ono! of , whom was nituatod.ty,the "desire to save -the Paris oab horses from thoir dajly cruelties. The / plub jjqs/ jpst purchased tho finest .site in,! tho ,oity-;.for, its! hbme, at the corner ,,'of. thp, entrance to lithe avenue des - Champs ; . Ely sees, for 1,250,000 hflpbs,, , . v, ,, I "Wonders wiUuPVsr pease. . Parisians are now- capable pi taking, in the idea, of the . 190.0. exhlhitipn-by the arrival of tho axle! of ; tho; big' whoplj . copied after' that, of. , the /Olympia at/; London/; ft, wpigbs "36 toils, and its' tinmjport to tlie- Champ do Mars from the, rail way station ' which delivered tho Goliatli beam was a sight for early risors. .But Paris lias' scon locomotives of 43 tons oro- now being convoyed through tho streets. ! In tho Chamber of Doputics a collec tion of medals is now on view exhibiting tile costumes of the legislators beforo ... 1 1 89 and lip to to-day. This exhibition is said to bo tho reply to soino young repre- Bontatircs, who, their "minds ta'on up wi' the things o' tho State," would like td figure in sword aud cooked batj as tlio. Laird o' Cockpen, The impression . is ' that tho laws are best made when tho;' representatives dress as tlioy please. ' Theatrical critic Sarcey iepom— ' mends dramatists to arrange in their ; plays to introduce somo' animal in an outlandish rolo ; it will ho certain to / captivate men and children. There was/ a 'pliiy once' whoro. ah . elephant' vyup !; trained to ' walk up and ' out of tho ' prompter's 'box- — it took tho house bv storm. ' - 