?? ; v- fii (By E. W. Hornung.) From "Detroit Free Press." IT is now rather more than twelve years since the disappearance and the finding of Henry Powell, on Moor oolooloo station, New South Wales* and rather less since the subsequent case in which I myself was perhaps the principal witness. And I think that the time has arrived for confessing that the evidence which I gave on that occasion, though indeed 'nothing but the truth," was, neverthless, not "the whole truth" at all. I did not and I do not believe there was a single being in that colon ial court who would have credited the whole truth had I told it there and Jthen upon my -oath. . Nor was it essential to the case. Nor did I care to return to the station, new chum as I still was, with yet another handle for native-born buffoonery. But I am no longer the store-keeper of Moor oolooloo; and I believe the public mind to be broader than it was in the matter of so-called ghosts. At all events, I am going to tell you for the first time what my own eyes saw, on a day and night in January, in the year 1884. I had been some six weeks in the Riverine and I was alone at our home station for the night. The owner was paying us a visit. He and the mana ger were camping at an out-statlon. nineteen miles away. The overseer was absent on his holiday. I had the homestead entirely to myself, for there was neither woman nor child upon the place. Suddenly, between 9 and 10 o'clock, as I sat smoking and thinking on the back verandah, a spur jingled, and I made out the crinkled moleskins and the felt wide-awake of one of the men. 'Powell, the rabbiter, is lost in the bush, mister/ said he. I sprang to my feet, for the news was like that of a man overboard at "sea. 'How long has he been out 7' 'Since yesterday morning.* 'But I thought he camped with old Wylie at the Five-mile whim ?' 'So he does.' "Then why didn't Wylie come in sooner V *Ah ! there you hit it,' said my ni-an. 'That's what we've all been ask ing him, but Wylie says his mate was given to stopping odd nights at other chap's canips, and he never thought anything nf it till he didn't turn up this evening. Even if he had he couldn't have left the whim. Wylie couldn't, with no other water anywhere near, and the sheep drawing to the troughs from four paddocks. But he's come in now, and he*s up at the hut if you like to see him.* And at the men's hut I found the whim-driver, the centre still of an attentive group, but no longer, I thought, the target of questions and cross-questions implying criticism and blame. On-the contrary, there was f"""how every token of sympathy with the : anxiety and distress of mind from V which Wylie was obviously suffering, and at the sight of which I also could spare him some of the pity which I felt for the missing rabbiter, The whim-driver was an elderly man, with brown wrinkles all over his face, and gray whiskers parting at A. a baggy throat; but he was still ii ' powerfully built and a* typical bush <).. ..man, with his eagle eye and his strong , jftfiiSure arms. His eye, however, was j;)-V hot with horror, and remorse as it met mine, and the whole man was twitch , Ing as he told me his tale. ;|v if only I had guessed anything was wrong, sir,' he cried, T would have left the sheep in a minute, though my *'jit billet depended upon it. But he's so , often stopped away one night that It ¥ . never bothered me till the day wore on * and he didn't come back. . God forgive ^ me, I never even thought of telling the . bosses when they passed this morning /«}'. on their way to the out-station. Yet f% I might ha' known-I might ha' tii$£aown ! He was a sailor, poor Powell and sailors are always the worst ^iwdsbrten. I've known him get bush H&gd; before, bat only for an hour or, two *o think of him being out all |fthis time-in this heat, with not a ||§Srop cf water In the crab-holes! He 'jo dead already-my poor mate, 1 'my ucor mate!' ; With that he turned his back upon flyiSt in the most evident agitation, so that we thought it kindest not to refer to him in the brief council of war Which the men. and I now held togeth er. It was promptly decided that all hands should form a search party to start at daybreak, with tlie exception of Wylie and myself. Wylie must return to his whim. My knowledge of the country was as yet very limited, and therefore, I was the one who could best be spared to ride at once to the out-station, and inform the 'bosses' of what had occur red. The night-horse was the only animal in the yard, but I took it to save time, and shortly after 10 o'clock rode off with Wylie, our way coincid ing as far as the Five-mile whim. There was no moon, and the night was anything but clear for that land of bright stars and cloudless skies. A hot north wind of several days' dura tion had flown suddenly into the South, whence it was now blowing hard and chill, so that I buttoned my coat up as we cantered side by side, and took off my ere glasses lest the rushing wind should lift them from my nose. We spoke very little as we rode, but once, when we drew rein and ambled for a little, my companion reproached himself for not having given an. earlier alarm. It was impossible not to feel sorry for him, but equally impossible to acquit him of blame, so I said very little in reply. When we came to the hut a dull red glow burnt steadily within, and Wylie sighed bitterly as he explained that he had built up the fire before leaving, that his poor mate might find all comfortable if by some happy chance he should come back. He added that he supposed I would push straight on without dismounting ; but I was cold and the glow looked grate ful, and I had slipped from the saddle before the words were out of his mouth- Next moment I uttered a loud cry. The door of the hut was at one end to the left of the dying fire, and at the opposite end were two low, rude bunks, one in each corner. On the foot of the right-hand bunk sat a figure I could have sworn to even with out my glasses. It was the missing rabbiter, in a red-checked shirt which I had often seen him wear, 'and his face buried in his hands. *Wylie,* cried I, wheeling round on the threshold, 'he has come back, and here he is-sitting on his bunk!" It was too dark for nie to see Wylie's face, but he tumbled rather than dismounted from his horse, and I felt Mm trembie as h rusue-^ past me into the hut. I followed him, but during the single instant my back had been turned the rabbiter had , moved. He was not on the bunk. Wylie lack ed the logs into a' blaze and then turn ed upon me fiercely. For the rabbiter was not in the hut at all. 'What d'ye mean/ he roared, 'by playing tricks on a chap who's lost his mate ? Out of my hut, you young devil-out of my hut!' Never have I seen a man more com pletely beside himself; be was Flick ing from head to foot in a perfect palsy, and his clenched fists were shak ing in my face. I assured him I had played no conscious trick-it was my defective eyesight that must have play ed one on me. Now th&t; I puton iny glasses I could see that the hut was empty but for our. two .selves; that it must have been completely empty till we entered. And yet I could have sworn that I had seen the lo& rabbiter nursing his face at the foot of . the right- hand bunk. My companion cooled down, however, on becoming convinced of my good faith, and instead of turning ine out, seemed to set his heart upon explain ing my fancied vision before he wpuld let me go. Pictures from the illus trated papers had been tacked up over the rabbiter's bunk. One was the old colored print of Red Riding Hood, with the four trees like an elephant's leg; and Wylie would have it that the firelight glowing on the child's .hood had made the splotch of red which my toerves had exaggerated into a Crimean shirt. To me this explanation seemed much more ridiculous than, the thing it sought to explain, but I had to ad mit that I could see but poorly without my glasses, and indeed I was very ready to confess to some inexplicable delusion on my part. So at' that we left it, and I was glad enough to turn my back on the five mile hut and to push on to the out station at a hand gallop. Mr Armit, the owner, and Mr Maek eson, his manager, were still sitting up, discussing ways and means of copine with the long-contiuued drought; and the owner was good enough to praise my promptness in coming to them at once. It was now mid-night and after a little consider ation it was decided that we should lie down for a bit preparatory to s. r - ing back a couple of hours before day break in order to take part in the search. For my part I made myself very comfortable before the fire, with my saddle for a pillow, and fell asleep in a moment. And in another, it seemed to me, there was Mackeson laying hold of my shoulders and shout ing in my ear thai we were an hour late in starting as it was. Our owner, however, had long been accustomed to the hardships of the bush, and when the time came he could not face the keen edge of the day without his pannikin of tea and his bite of "browny." So the sun was on us before we were half way to the Five-mile-not the red ball of nineteen out of twenty Riverina dawnings, but a coppery disc like a new penny. Clouds of sand were whirling in the wind, which had risen greatly in the night and was rising still; puffs of sand kept breaking from the plain to join the clouds; and we coughed, all three of us, as we cantered neck and neck. ' . -Vitfft 'Do you think: you could drive a whim ?" said Mr Armit, drawing ran as we sighted the Five-mile, and sud denly turning to me. *1 believe I could, sir. I have seen one working, soul it looks simple enough.* It's as easy as it looks if you keep your tank nice and full and feed your throughs regularly. Wylie will show you all that's necessary in five min utes ; tiie fact is, I think of leaving you* in charge of this whim herb, since you can hardly know thepaddocks' well enough to be of much use in the search, whereas - Wyiie! idiiiws every inch of the run.. Whatdoyou say, Mr Mackeson ? It Jfl for ydu td decide.* *1 agree with'you. sir. But-but Where's the whim got to ?' 'Bless my soul!' gasped the other. 'I was afraid we were In; for a dust, storm, hut I didn't thinkit would come so quick !' 'Indeed, were Iwexe in'|he thick of the storm already.' It was but a mom ent since hut land whim had disap peared in a whirl of deep yellow sand, and now we could seenothing at all beyond our horsed' ears. ' Luckily we were not many .hundred yards from the hut 'Give them their headk,' ' shrieked Mackeson, and, following his advice, we gained the hut before the sea of dust had choked us utterly. . It lit ' erally tinkled on the corrugated roof and we led in the horses after us, so terrible was the .storm,,. The whim driver lighted a slush-lamp and put the billy on the-fire ia> give us some tea. . Everything in the hut wore a glistening yellow coat-;- there were layers of sand on our very eyelids, jinri what the owner squeezed from his beard alone made a little sand-hill on the floor. 'Poor Powell,' he suddenly exclaim ed. 'This is the hardest luck of all. upon him. It will blot' out his tracks It will double the agonies of thirst he must already have endured. I am very much afraid thai it will de stroy our last chance of Uniting him alive.*- ' ,. And Mr Armit looked reproachfully at the whim-driver, who was making the tea with his hack turned to us. crouching over the fire in an attitude so humble and so disconsolate that it would have been inhuman as well as useless to find open fault with him now. For a few seconds there was silence in the hut, silence broken only by the continual tinkle on the roof, which, however, was harder than it had been. Then of a sudden the man at whom we were all looking wheeled round, sprang up, and pointed dramat ically to the rattling roof. 'You aire wrong-wrong-wrong!' cried he, hoarsely. 'Listen to that ! Thats not sand-that's rain ! All the worst dust storms end so; it'll rain the best part of an innji before it stops ; instead of doing for him this'll save-his--life!' He looked from one to the other of ?tBm haJf in Wamph, half in terror still, i thought-then- down on hk knees and hack to the boiling billy and the sugar and the tea-I saw him throw a handful bf each .among the bubbles-saw his fingers twitching .as they spread-and I knew then that the whim-driver's confidence was only lip-deep. But a part of his prophecy came true enough. It rained until the crab holes were fun of water-until there was drink enough abroad upon the plains to give the whim a good weelr'R holiday. Long before it st^Ttow! ever, I had the Five-mile hut to myself with that dismal rattle on the roof* and a dull fire of damp logs spitting distressfully beneath the great square chimney. The troughs were not need ed, and that was well; they were onrte* *nd M^e*i benea+h a r'd?^ of drifted sand, and I was to: clear them with the long- handled shovel, instead of driving the whim: I can; still see those three horsemen bobbing ipto infinity be hind the lances of the rain, and I see myself, a lonesome, spindle shanked figure, in leggings snd bree ches. and the gray felt wideawake which still hangs on my wall ; aT?d I do not look very happy as I stand at t'- hoot- of that hut, Wneath the cti fornicated en.ves, hut T £o look a little elated atid p^ouf?. I am going to spend days and nights in a hut five miles from any mortal snul and I am young enoueh to appreciate claying Robinson Crusoe in earnest, it will be a. good experience to put In fence?*1 Ietter home- A S°od exper The rain ceased before noon, when I bad some lunch (for them was plen * i? Wylie's ration baRs), and shoveJUrn^r ^h ^ long-handled shovel My spirits rose In the open y were less noisy and nerve-disturhing than I had fouwd lobWi? tbe Ii>nely llut' and t could look all around nje as I worked, with darkemS^K17 foreseeinS the hut door 'nriWhTSl ®?me Wacitioa that might be welcome enough;' hut which must certainly startle men. when it came. The events which. I have al ready chronicled lay . heavy on my nerves. I waSponly 19 years of age,' aid I was cursed with' an imagination. Nothing, therefore, could have been > better fopme than the play I made dur ing the next few hours with the long handled- shovel. Now and then I knocked.' oft to rest my back aM sjnoke a: pipe; hut, once started, I tiuck tomy work pretty closely up to 5 o'clockby the old Waltham watch in the leather pouch on my belt. And it pimished^every /niiscle in my body ; the 'shoulders felt it »as I plunged the iehovelinto the heavy wet sand, the arms and shoulders as I swung it out loaded* while the strain upon back and leg^v'.was continuous. My task . owing to the shovel having been bent and blunted by some misuse ^ffyeit^sSo far from loathing it, I was" never prouder of anything than of the fivferand-twenty yards of sub merged' trough which I uncovered and cleared, that January afternoon. Tip tire,.'the body out is the surest way of cleansing and purifying the mind, and I can iionestiy say that 1 returned' to the hut without any mor bid fancy in my head, indeed with no anxiety about anything but the Are, which I had foolishly forgotten. Judge then of the sensations with which I stood still on the threshold. The hut had no windows, but the afternoon had turnedout very- fine, the sun shone merrily through a hundred crevices, and there,\on the foot of the same bunk, sat the lost rabbiter, precisely as I had se£n him sitting the night be fore. '*. How long I stood, how. long he re- i mained,' J! do not -know. I remember ^ hollow voice calling his name. I ^renaeiQber the spattering of my own tottering 1tfeeti'i-my nerveless fingers clutching the empty air, my trembling body flung headlong on the other bunk, and the sobs that shook it as it lay. For then I knew that Henry Powell was already dead, and for the second time IpKad'Wen iis ghost. Not a particle of doubt remained in my mind, i could not be mistaken twice-I was perfectly certain that I had never been mistaken at all. This i imp, however, there was no dull red glow to. play conceivable tricks in the darkness, for the fire was out, and it was almost as light in the hut as it wafa outside. 'Yet there I had. seen him, inthe self-same attitude, on the self-same spot, his hands covering his face, his heard showing between his Wrists, his elbows planted on his thighs. I could have counted the checks in his Crimean shirt, and this time the glasses were .still upon my nbse.A ? Yep, I was absolutely certain of what I had seen* and that very cer tainty was now my consolation. The worst is worst of/all before it happens; and the knowledge that I seen a ghost was much mpre supportable than the doubt as .tQ^hether I had seen one or not. Th&vghost; could not harm me after jall^ and instead of sympathising with jnyself I should grieve for the poor^ellow who was already beyond the reach of succor. 'Had they found him yet? Had they .found his dead body? And, if so, would the whim-driver return to his post at once and set him free ? My heart beat fast with the hope, in defi ance oftny head; I might reason with myself that a poor ghost was no fit companion, but how I longed to get aqtay ! v Even then, however, my cour age failed me ia another place. Who would Relieve my yarn ? So I stayed where I was and have held my tongue till now. Sundown roused me, for I must have i^y tea, ghost or no ghost, and to make, tea I must relight ' the fire. Here an obstacle confronted and ulti mately vanquished me. There was a wood-heap outside, but of course, the wood was damp, and though ! looked ; for th|$%xe, to . chop to the dry heart of the wet logs, I had not found it whennight fell hastily, forcing me to abandon the search. So ,1 went without my tea, but ate with-What appetite I had, and washed down the mutton and damper with pannikins of water from the nine liundred-gallon tank outside. I had lighted the slush-lamp (moleskin, wick in tin. o| mutton fat,) and I sat watch ing the foot of the dead man's bunk as I ate, but no further vision inter rupted my meal. And afterwards, wi^en ,1. was smoking my pipe in the open air, I would look in every few minutes, for I had an odd idea that I must see the apparition thrice. And I Wlehl had. Yet of what I saw twice .;r"T « t arnpoaitive now as I was then. It Was a magnificent night; the rain had drawn the fever from the sun baked plains, and left even that blear air clearer than. I had known it yet. Every star was a diamond in the dark blue vault, and my little pipe made the only - clouds between earth and heaven. Often as I filled it, I had to light it still Oftener at the flame which I hadleft burning in the hut, for I was wrapped in thought. You are no where nearer to God than when alone in the bush ' beneath the undimmed tropic stars. I' cannot say what brought it home .to me, or by what chain of thought I chanced on the con clusion,, but all at once I stbod still and knew that the hand of God was in the apparition which I had seen. It meant something. What did it mean ? There must be some reason why I alone and not Wy lie, for example, had been made to see the lost Tnn.w, Powell, sitting on his\ bunk. Then what could that reason be ? I thought, and thought, and thought, sauntering round and round the hut the while. At last, I entered, but not to light my pipe. I do not *|aow what: I meant to do ; I only know .what I did. I walked to the foot of Powell's bunk and sat down where I had seen Powell sitting, with a vague feeling, I believe, that in that spot f and in his own attitude my spirit might receive Borne subtle communi cation from that of the rabbiter. What I did receive was a nasty tum ble, for the foot of the bunk gave way beneath me, and I found myself depos ited on the ground instead. Ytt. be, wiiom I Had seen sitting ihere, had been in life a much heavier maa tha.ii myself ! These bunks, cr bush bedsteads ra ther, are constructed upon universal and very simple lines. Four uprights are driven into the earth floor of the hut or tent,, and then connected by horizontal poles with sack-cloth slung across. The rest combines the merits of both bed and hammock ; but the up rights must be ^firmly rooted in the ground, and I soon saw the explana tion of the present, downfall; the ground was loose at the foot of this lost man's bed, and the outer upright had gone down like a ninepin beneath my weight. ' For the moment I was merely puz zled.. The ground had worn so hard elsewhere in the hut that I could not imagine why it should begin to crum ple in this particular corner. I reach ed the slush-lamp and peered under the middle of this bed. There it was tbe san e-rs soft as asa^d hl:;-lui recrnuy ^Litned with a shovtl, I saw the concave mark. And suddenly I leant back, and got up <juiet1y, b'li with the perspiration running cold from every pore, for now I knew why the visible form of Henry Powell had appeared to me twice upon the foot of the bed. It was to tell me that his murdered remains lay buried beneath. Now t knew why Wylie had pre tended to be behindhand in bringing in his news ; it was that we might think his mate really lost, and be our selves so full of blame for an error of judgment that there should be no room in our minds for deadlier suspicions. Now I understood his rage and horror when I cried out that there was Pow ell come back-his subsequent anxiety to explain away my vision. And the missing axe-what had it dozie that he should hide it ? And the long-handled shovel-I knew what had blunted and bent it now. I remember mechanically looking at my watch, and yet not seeing the time. I remember looking again, and it was not quite half-past 9. The time goes so slowly when one is alcne, and mid night begins so soon ,* but I was thank ful it was earlier than I had thought. Now I could make sure-it would all be less ghastly than in the veritable dead of night-arid then to the station with my news before anybody was in bed. The miscreant Wylie ! How well he had acted his diabolical part-in there at the men's hut, out here be fore the owner and the manager ! In dignation at Ms bloody villainy was now my first emotion, and it nerved me mightily. I tore away the pales ai.il the sacking and the soft earth rcss in a mound-it had all been pat back ! I ran for the long-handled sho vel, and, urged on by my boiling blood, 1 i)eg-:5i to dig. God knows how I went on ! A boot stuck out first, and when I felt it there was a foot inside. It was scarce eighteen inches be^w che ground. Next I uncovered the Crimean shirt. That was enough, for me. As I bent over it with the light, and blew away the sand, I saw here and there the red checks (no plainer than in my vision, however), but the most of them were blotted out by a dark, stiff stain. I delved no deeper ; this was indeed en ough. I turned away, deadly sick, without rising from my knees-and there was Wylie, the whim-driver,, watching me- from the door! I set the light down on the table-r that, at any rate, was between us-and I looked up at him from my knees. He was glaring down on me with: the most ferocious expression, every wrin kle writhing, and that loose pouch at his throat swelling as if with venom fer spitting in my face. But, so far as I <co Id S e, he wa; unarmed ; L:s . bo^ij ribii- La.nu r^sled on what I took to be the handle of a stick, and, luck ily, the long-handled shovel l&y; within reach of mine. I was the Orst to speak. "I have found him," said I. "'More fool you." vou S°? 1 am not frightened of "Not frightened to die!" "Not particularly; you'll follow me soon enough. One murder you Could only conceal one day, and how long are you going to conceal two. Besides, you've got to kill me first.'" And I was on my legs with the lone shovel in both hands. ../^at's soon done,* he answered with a laugh, and then I saw my mis take, What I had taken for, a mere stick was the missing axe; he must have hidden it somewhere outside and after first catching me at work, stolen away and come back with it on tin tee. Now he took two strides into the hut, and, as the axe came up over his shoulder and hung there, I saw blood upon the blade. The sight of it de layed me at he critical instant; yet I lunged as he struck, then started back and the axe-head split through the ta ble as though it had been a cigar-box. With a curse he wrenched it free, but I was on him first, and round and round we went and over and over, un til I had the wretch at my mercy in the very grave which his own- hands had dug. % At my mercy because he lay as one paralysed when he found his body stretched out on that of his victim: but how long that would have lasted i do not care to conjecture. He was stronger than I, strength must soon > have come back tenfold. But it had not done so when I caught the beat of the sweetest music I hav© ever liesrd . -cantering hoafs drawing nearer and nearer to the hut. The slush-lamp had fallen and gone out when the axe fell, but my eyes were searching for that villain's eyes m the darkness, and I would ~fiav*»_ given something to see them as the music fell on his ears too-as the horsemen's spurs jingled on the ground outside and then in the hut. *is Wylie here?' cried the manag ers voice. 'Ke is.' ?Y 'We suspect him of having murder- ' ed Powell himself.' 'He has done so. Strike a light and you shall see them both.' But at the trial I said nothing of my two visoins, for, as I have stated, I had not then the moral courage, and the case was complete without that;. My story began when the bad collaps ed beneath me-that was all-bo terri fled was I of making myself a discred- / -ted laughing stock. Now I do net^ care, nor <lo I think there \rill be bo : many disbelievers., At all events, r " Jmve relieved my mind by telling the Thi^T ^f1° heIP me God* mis I . think irrelevant, but these , JJo are interested, and who do not; " know it, may be glad to learn that fe to «%§ (THE END). ~ zc. a;-:# Numerical,--"Remember " eairt man who is calm and judicial "that1 it - fred whLWeU t0 6011111 at ^t i h ared when you are in danger of inn ; mg your ^elf-conttol." "Ftoow "«T congreBsman/ puaard "Special" Full F^eed-f^ ^rL^ndon-Joim Bull <of the worS"! general).-"There is nn i,i ~ ? alarmed -»+ o. , nokl'iS to tilt y*Thi*41 am, the miller admitted, "in #W*3§ tt«tl pure stuff." price than (he J ^s thal you m your sl©ep last night SS2 Pat,? rsn>t Si Hovte-Playing ?" MrlS io ? Standing pat ? Oh, no * fcaiP aboT^boy'1 wwaai SZZSSSZSZ* ?***. I 