The South Sea Bondsman. By H. A. Conant, \- ? ? BEING THE STORY OF AN INCIDENT IN THE STRANGE LIFE ?' v OF THE SOUTH SEAS. \- ' SPECIAL, FOR 'CATHOLIC PRESS.' , ' And Esau said : Behold I am at the point to die : and Avhat profit shall this birthright do m& ?' ? The croon of breakers tumbling on the reef was the chief sound- that floated into the bare, distempered dining-room of the Mango Hotels wherein the landlord, pale by heat and gin, sat opposite his lodger, it ; was a full hour since the fat Solomon Islander had lifted the luncheon dishes, and as yet they made no sign of rising. The conversation was brief, spasmodic, and hinging on one idea. The landlord questioned, the lodger replied; then with frowning brows both turned on the open window, idly scanned the Suva wharf, whore natives clustered in the shade of bond' sheds, noted tho linos of the Yankee timber vessel.sweating in the purple lagoon, ' swept tho white rimmod sea, and once more dropped their glances to the room corners. Some Coolie women, waiting for the Re.wai » steamer under the palms oy the Custom House, wore exchanging banter. As a shrill round' of laughter died away tho lodger yawnod and found his feet. 'Briggs,' ho said, ' whatV*tho use of ' ? worrying ? Lot us be merry, after tho man J),cr of those little niggers over there.' ? v' Nobody, owes them money,' replied the landlord, gloomily. . 'It's, more blossod to give than to re , cciye,' suggested tho lodger. ? * ' 'Mr, Hartloy,' said Briggs, seriously, ' you take a wrong view of life.. I'd sooner owp fifty pound any day. than bo owed five shillings by a-bad mark.' 'Hem r coughed the lodgor. ' It's you who've got the right end of the stick,' continued the landlord. 'Havo I?' criod the lodgor. 'Woll, I'll take your word for it. Wo'll havo two ..gins on the strongth of it.'. ' Who's going to part up?' nskod Briggs in no pleasant voice. , ? -,.. Tho lodgor gavo tho grin -of conciliation. ' Put it on my bill,', he suggested. 4? Briggs jumped in anger, gasped, sat ?down, wiped Clio swoat of!1 his brow, and backed on tho old question : ' How is this to end ?' 1 ? 'Anybody knows bottor than I,' answerod tho lodgor, ' but probably in deportation. Briggs, your little sooioty in Fiji won't give ? mo the chancoto'oat tho bread of labor — not that I fevorishly hankor aftqr it in pro fbrenco to champagne and idlonoss — and so perforce. I must observe tho hlhos and ?choose a manner of lifo requiring no craft , in spinning. In a word, my anxious host, the philanthropic population. of Suva aro 1 forcing my hand and inclining1 my footsteps to tho devil. In a city I would now join blip honorable company of spoilers ; but being in tho Islands must amoncl my ambi tion and take up boaohcombing as a pro fossion. Poor Briggs ! you aro not the firdt to Hiiffor for tho sins of sooiety.' ''Twenty pounds, thirtooh shillings and 'ninoponoo it js to-day,' moanocl Briggs. . ' Evory sooundrol that bomos'along ' ? ? 'There, thoro,' said tho lodger, 'your arithmetics may bo fair, but your iuforoncos aro hardly- palatoablo to a gentleman,' Horo the landlord oame near to breaking down, Rage and disappointment loft his Jfaoe, and his lip quivered like a disappointed child. Ho bowed his hoad in his hands for somo moments ; who'n ho looked up his ex^ ' presskm was lorn and sorrowful. 'Mr, Hartley,' ho ontroatod, ' couldn't you try and got something to do and pay me, off-? ? My wifoiflBiok inSyduoy.' ' That alters tho cane,' replied the lodgor, 'though God knows I've done my. best, ovon to this.' So speaking, he loaned back in his'ehair and lugged from an inner pocket, of his soody coat tho 'Polynesian Chronicle ' of that day. This was folded so that ascertain paragraph came quick to the eve. Without furthor word he passed it to the landlord, hi« linger marking tho mattor to bo notiood. # u What does this moans , asked Briggs, «' You had bottor road ft,' , jjriggB took up tho paper. His round ovo8 grow, and his fat chin onoroaohod on his collar aa ho soannod this queer advertise ment : ' ? ''Wanted known, that a gentleman 30 Years of RB° nftB discovered life holds no T)l»o6 for him suitable to his dogroo, and ho , fB afc tho present moment in pawn at tho Mango Hotol, Suva, for tho sum of £20, more or Iohb. Ho now puts himself and energies undor offer to any person for a term of throo years xn consideration of the ' sum of £40. Tho gentleman is strong, healthy, and educated. A' great chance ! Apply A.B.C., Mango Hotel, Suva. ' Well,' gasped Briggs, 'this beats cock fiph'ing !' . . 'Reads sweetly, don't it,' remarked Far) ley, complacently. ' It ought to draw like a plaster. A white educated slave for throp years for forty quid ! It ought to knock the ubiquitous , kanaka out of the market. But it don't. Not a single, inquiry. I wonder does anyone read the 'Poly- nesian ? ' 'It is cheap,' said Briggs. 'As a bar man you'd be oheap ; but I do want money so badly now.' 'The bar . would suit my thirst better than my talents,' said Hartley, medita tivelv. 'It's better than the beach,' began Briggs, when a cough interrupted him, and* a voice said quietly to Hartley : 'Ishdluld think, sir, you are A.B.C.' The speaker was fat and red with good living. A greasy jowl was in tone with bags under the eyes. His voice ran smoothly, though his words wore mouthed with the care of a stranger to tho language. As landlord and lodger were witless for the moment- Ho . spoke again. ' Sir, I think you are A.B.C.' ' Sir,' replied Hartloy, becoming easy, 'you have considerable penetration. I am even A.B.C.' 'That being so,' said tho stranger, 'it is business of mine to speak to you. If your friend would doua the honor of leaving us I would make known my businoas.' ? On these words Briggs rose smartly, for seeing profit to himself in the interview. Tho' stranger eyed Hartley critically from head to foot as a farmor might the pig he intends to price, while three deep wrinkles above his nose showed an uncommon anxiety. ' Your's was a funny advertisement,'- he said at last. ' - ' You have hotter to say thun that,' eug gestod Hartley. 'Perhaps; but a wise man does not build in the dark. Have you any sort of courage ? '.' . ' I've got too muoh fear to be quite a funk,' said Hartley. ' Well, that is something,' said the stranger, encouragingly, stroking his slack ohin. ' How do you regard the laws ? ' ' That depends on my conscience.' 'And that?' ''Changes with circumstances.' The stranger nodded approval. ' You are very like the man I want, but there is ono thing; do you talk in your cups ? ' 'That,' said Hartley, ''is a question you must answer for yourself.' '. 'You may bo a rogue, but you are docidodly not a fool,' replied tho stranger deliberately. ' We must take a walk together. ' -„ . They wont down the wjjite road past the coolio quarter, taking no heed of tho women on the doorsteps in bright dresses and silver bangles ; past tho cricket ground where stout Fijians loafed round the pitch in sulus ; right by Government House aud the groat hodgo of hibiscus scarlet with flowers. For two miles they .tramped under the Bun without words, then when tho road was empty boforo and behind they wheeled to the right and suddenly whipped through tho scrub to tho baking sands. Hero among the seawood the stranger stayed. ' I think A.B.C.,' ho said, ' that even if you do not care about tho sorvice I propose' you will not repeat our conversation;' ? ' I was once a gontlemon,' said Hartley', thoughtfully, 'although now I'm pretty muoh. of a blackguard Idleness and gin don'fc. make a plaster saint of a man.' 'Fortunately, I wantod a man half way to Hados,' , ' 'I don't know as I particularly 'want to oomploto tho journey,'- replied Hartley, 'although that poor devil of a Briggs' sick wifo shovos mo somo stops, that way, Any how, toll mo what you want— you can do so' aafoly.' . . . 'On your honor?' 'That's a brokon rood. On the honesty of a man that might yofc attain tho1 ra- spootability of a thiof.' , Tho stranger amilod. 'You m,ust know,' ho said ; ' I want you to assist in tho oaoapo ofaoonviat.' *, Hartloy whistled a bar or two from 'Jack' Shopphord.'? 'la that all!' ho , said, ooaBing hia tuno. 'Why, it's quite a respootablo business. Is ho in -Noumoa ? ' ' Yos, Noumea. It is my brother. Your part will bo oasy— but I'm taking it for granted all this tiino that you aro a Bailor. I know you by .repute, and rumour sayayou md a yaoht of your own when you dropped anchor .off Apia, and it also credits you with drinking it into other hands,' . ' True still,' said Hartley, ' Yes, I can navigate,' ' That's the battle. No doubt you speak French?' ' Badly.' . - . ? ' It will serve, You would have to take a cutter — two kanakas to help you — to Fanfanui Island, and meet my brother and another who will escape with him according to a settled plan. I waB going myself,, but when I saw your advertisement and half guessed who A,B,C. was, I thought you might take the risk instead. You. know the punishment if the thing comes out.' ' I do,'.said Hartrey\ ' You . would have to bring them1 from Fanfanui to the mouth of the Rewai, arriv ing under the night. Now you know sufficient to tell me if you will t&ke; the forty pounds from me.,5' 'I am your bondsman,' answered Hart ley, ' and curiously enough have an odd liking for the business.' ' Ah ! By the way, my name is Alphonse Crevier. What is yours just now ?' 'Just the old one— Augustus Hartley.' Crevier lugged out a pocket book. 'Here is your money, Hartley. A receipt is not necessary.' 'Thanks,' returned Hartley ; then toss ing up an arm with mock solemnity and moved by the hutr.our in him he cried aloud 'Jacob, Jacob, thou hast brought mine heritage. I will walk as thou desirest.' 'You're very comical,' said Crevier, ' but have the look of a man. I will call at the Mango to-morrow aud completely4 instruct you. Till then.' ? . He turned away with the fat smile of an easeful mind. Half an hour afterwards Hartley was clear of the books of. Briggs and paying for his gin as he 'drank it. 'Just before dark he called out to. the landlord ; 'Brigga,' he said, 'have a gin and let's drink to my brother Jacob.' - ' Never heard you talk of him before,' quoth Briggs, as he drank with mind in a mist.' '??'?''?. 'Oh,' cried Hartley, laughing, 'I might . have known you understood business better than parables and the Scriptures.' 'ii. ' Good morning,' said Hartley to the sea gulls flapping along the beach. He sat on a worn rock and for the sixteenth time watched the morning sun make shadows. The white fringe of sand on the green shallows, the rabble of rocks on the left, the mangrove near closing the mouth of the slow river were all stale to him as a twice told tale on this Fanfanui Island. He had said so a dozen times to the squarking birds. 'Nature as a pal,' he reflected sadly 'is not the old girl she's cracked u» to be. Oh. for the music halls of my youth. Oh, for a glass of beer— even the beer of Sydney, the worst beer in the world.' ' He was in' the fifth week of his bondage ; the company of two Kanakas lay heavy on his soul. Up a small inlet the cutter waited on his orders. Hartley had still 14 days of Fanfanui to go ; Crevier. had bade .him wait4 at the mouth of the river — as charted— for' 30 days. At the end thereof if tho expected boat did not show he had leave to return. ' It is a fair time to wait,' said Crevier, ' and if my brother does not reach Fanfanui by then he ia either lost or his plans have gone astray. But watch ' as though for ' a sweetheart.' . ,. ' . Up the beach' and down the beach and out to sea looked Hartley, and groaned in weari ness of spirit. ' Is that Frenchman playing a game on me '/' he asked of the birds. 'No, oh,no, forty quid surpasses a foreigner's sense of humour, Heigho,* to the winds with him and my bond.' **** 1 A vigorous sun glorified the sleeping Boa, , and whitened the sands unbearably. Suva, Briggs and Briggs' gin seemed to Hartley things of price, Only the orabs at his feet had interest. One brought dinner to mind and he gave chase ; but scuttling for dear lifo with armour a- rattle i£ gained a creyioe with two good yards to spare. Then, a gull with brokon wing and grey breast fluttered along in front and he followed on to escape hia weariness. But tho bird made good way, and though he ran at his best pace it disap peareel through a gap in tho mangrove. 'Aggravating bird!' oried Hartloy, 'I'll have you yet.' With the words he dived into the shade and ran down a greasy way of curled roots and decayed leaves. Of, a sudden he pulled up as though stricken. 'Jumping Moses I' he cried, ' to earth atlaat.' Through the roots he saw theshines of water and tho brown of a boat's aides. ,, A scramble and he hung to the mangrovo, looking into the boat, a half dock, cutter rigged, with no signs of sailors. She lay in au exceedingly narrow ohannol, a good jump wide, that wound tott'nrcls tho rivor. Tho manner of the .boat, her sails nugged, the homely litter on the deoks, moored in that heavy silence and shade, dark and smelly, soonicd a page from a story. Chained by tho pioturo, Hartley hold a moment to tho.. 'Bornb and spelt the letters on the boat's bows. a ? ' Madame Ohrysiinthtfrnie,' ho, road out ?with' a' sigh, and into his mind oamo book sellers shops and the smell of new paper,, while tho breakers on tho bar sounded in hia' . ears like the murmur of a oity. Thon with half a laugh ho dropped aboard. ; There was littlo in tho boat beyond water broakera, tina of moat and biscuits ; a oaao of nautical instruments lay in a looker j blankets oncumborod tho littlo oabin uudor tho half dock. Somo paokets of tobacco bearing tho Fronch Government brand made Hartloy cortuin of his quarry. But there woro atill no aigna 6t living men. Standing in wonder of the absence, heart cold at the silence, with a queer feeling, of being spied on from the mangrove, he caught the faint squash of footfalls along a marshy way. The fear lifted like a mist now he had something to face, and leaning against the mast he put on an easy countenance. The wading grew louder, and presently the man grove on the other side of the channel thrust a man forth in a line with the boat. He was foul and evil of feature, with a tangled beard, and his flesh was blue and puffy to the eye. By long association he seemed to have acquired something of the swamp3. ' Jacob's brother is not nice,' murmured Hartley. Then in very indifferent French : 'Je presume quo vous etes le fr^ro d'Al- ' phonse Crevier ?' The man jumped at the voice and stood stock still staring. 'Stiffen me blind !' he gruntly softly, but not too low for Hartley to hear, « ' another o' them furriners. Where did - \- come from ?' i 'More like Cain than Jacob's brother,' thought Hartley, and he knows colloquial English. ; But I will try him in French again. 'Etea vous silencieux quo voua no me donnerez pas un response.' ' Oh, gabble away, I don't mind,' said the man sarcastically j then, ' Bah 1' ho cried in quick anger, ' why don't furrinors speak a decent lingo !' ? 'I agree it would be better, but wo muet not foz'get the Tower of Babel,' said Hart ley, quietly. - At the English words all the expression in the man's face ran back. ' Why didn't you speak proper first,' he asked' with a stiff smile. 'I was thinking you a fnr rinei1.1' : ' 'What nationality?' 'How do I know,*'vgro*wled the man in raucous tones. ' Look 'ere,' he aaid with an amazing burst of confidence, ' my mona cher'e Snorky.' 'A. .very uncommon name,' said Hart ley. '..None o' that sarcastic business,' ?. shouted Snorky, angrily, jumping aboard. 'I've met your sort before.' This irritation over a. name in the place and circumstances so near to tragedy moved Hartley to sudden laughter, whereon Snorky without ado bared in arms in a purposeful manner. 'Stop,?' said Hartley, 'I mean no' harm.' -s ' . ' Lucky for . you,' said Snorky. ' What are you doin' on my boat ? — -. Yea, ray boat.' Hartley knew the voice lied, and he real ised that the man must stay under his eyes in fear of him if he was to learn of-paet things. '? , 'Hold on,?' he said, 'my gentle Snorky, and I'll come to grips with you.'. The boat rocked under their mnvftmonf.a but it was no match from the start, and Snorky went down under a heavy blow. ' How 'do you feel ?' asked Hartley. 'Like a pricked bladder,' gasped the other, white to the lips. ' Man, you've a nasty left.' ,; Hartley, felt the time was at hand to fly their colours, and rid them of that manner of taking things as though a railway station was at hand, and a city 8moking a few miles away. So he determined to bell 'tho cat. 'What did you do with the two French men?' 'he asked with a. little touch of authority. 'Wot Frenchmen? Oh, I tumble: thin ere sun plays with a bloke's napper. Hadn't you better cool yer 'ead.' :The man's coolness made Hartley feel hia; ineptitude; clearly nothing was to be won' , by-questions. At tho same time he began .to price the job in hand afc more than £40, carrying as -it did peril to life ; for plain enough Snorky was a man of notion in a tight place ; and if ho had dealt foully by the men in the boat would by no mean» - ' hesitate over another odd life. Yet despite his evil looks Hartloy found something queerly pleasing in the man, and felt sweet to see the end of things independent of his master's interest. - ' See here, Knowall,' said Snorkj', sud-' ? denly, 'this 'ore tide rises, and here she goes lip six feet, so if you don't want to doss xn-. this boat the night yer'd . better mouch1 with me to my 'ut, an' let me stand some , bloomin' 'ospitality in return for your kind- ' . noBSos. I-oau't offer yer 16 courses an' fiss as no doubtyou is usoa to, bu^somo tinned ' meats o' mine won't go too bad. 'Ow does it strike yer ?' , . ^Softly : I'm your debtor,' said Hartley. Snorky broke into quiet laughter. ' You '^broken clown toffs makes me smile,' ho said 'You never sooms to get the dust o' Piokle lillyo.rf.' ' , 'The -mud hides it sometimes,' sighed Hartley. . . Snorky leapt to tho baak and trod a tedious way through tho mangrovo roots with Hartley hard on hia heels. : v ' fn «^ .'o^ th°y'U ho sharks trapsing along ere,' said Snorky, waving, his arm about him. . - : in, , \ Snorky had a. boat at the edge of the : ' river in whioh they sculled 'some miles be fore making fnst to a rough Jetty at tho „ pint of a thickly foliagod estuary. His hut stood somewhat back } a rude building of loga and roods plastered with adobe, Ho did' tho honors like a man of tho world, scorning apologies for tho fare other 'than humorous exaggerations, over which ho oliucklod Htoaltluly, Tho man had a bad faoo and a morry eye, and struck Hartley . as one that could bo both popular and pleas, ing with men of hia own .'kidney, Aftor tho : ' moal they smoked and yarnod some hour* away, with a flag of truce flying and faces to please. Then fell darkness. t ~ . ? After tea a bottle of rum found the table, and it seemed the curtain was rung up on war. , , 'It ain't bad liquor,' explained Snorky, ' an' a bloke might come to worse, even sich a Jigh an' mighty toff like yerself.' 'I have drunk worse,' admitted Hartley. ' O' course you 'ave ! I knowed that well' enough, elseways you wouldn't be in a place like Fanfanui, ravin' about furrin coves. I was only kiddjn' ' ; and thenceforward the battle did not rest between them. Another was nearly emptied as each drank at the other. Snorky grew excited ; but his visitor found the Suva gin bibbing standing to him. Snorky broke a pause asking for a' song. ' No 'igh falutin' Eyetalian bellowingf he entreated, 'but somethin' good an' 'omely. about mother an' the kids or somewhat like.' ? Some old bush days came like a flash to Hartley ; he could see the weird gums and flicker of fire and circle of bearded faces. A Bong of that day came back to him, and he sang it, Snorky huskily helping the chorus. And — 'I saw the old homestead and faces I love, I saw England's valleys and dells, I listened with joy as I did when a boy ' , To the sound of the old village bells. The log was burning brightly, 'Twas a night that should banish all sin, For the bells were ringing the old year out And the new year in ' went echoing over the waters of Fanfanui ' river for the first time since the creation of the world. '?'Ave another rum, 'Artley,' invited Snorky, after a pause, in a changed voice. 'I like them songs. They touches a bloke . up and no error. I 'ad a missus and a nip per once — ah, well, they drew a spade and , is berried, so I reckon it don't matter?- an' as a pal b' mine used to say,- it aint no use whippiug the cat. But 1 like them songs. S-o 'ave another rum.' 'Thank you, no,' said Hartley marvel ling at the manner of the man. ? ''Ad^enough, hey ? So'veL' So speak ing he rose and opened the door to the black night, against which the moon was struggl ing. It, was blank and still like a tomb, the air evil with decay. Snorky stood long with regardless eyes ; Hartley sat in. silence knowing he would speak. Without a turn, still facing^ the darkness, Snorky said slowly : 'This ere country is no place for such as you. You aint old, you aint got a bad chivvy. What are you doing 'ere,? You ought to be in a city a-settin! in your, dawgcart a-killing of passengers at street corners. That's your line instead of sweat ing in a mangy swamp. You just get out of this to-morrow. There ain't another man on the island but me, and that's my busi ness.' He stopped, then repeated weakly t 'Get out o' this to-morrow.' , MMy amiable Snorky,' replied Hartley, ' youhave been kind enough to take to me, and strange to say the feeling is mutual, for I've also took to you. I couldn't dream of leaving you just' yet. No, Snorky, good advice shall not part us ; 'I will not believe such a consoientioiis gentleman as yourself bad. company for the young. Snorky, in spite of the allurements of city life as deline ated by your graphic words, I stay here.' At this Snorky came back to the table. ' You're a fly, bloke, too,' he said, ' and I likes you better for bein' no fool. Well, , . you shall have a whack of the boat since you dropped to the plant. 'Ow much do you want ?' ??' Only the Frenchmen,' ? Tho answer came quick and clear. Snorky went back to the door and addressed the moon, now white on the water : ' The 'ot bud to-day has drove him fair off his chump.' ' Lunatics are dangerous sometimes.' Snorky laughed. ' You wont go.' ?;. 'No, I wont.' ' Very well,',' he said ; .then abruptly, 'there's ducks on tho swamp, will you come out shooting V' »His look was a .coward's blow. ' Yes, I'll come,' said Hartley/. 'Right,.Hlgfitthegun. Whon tho .men, passed out of the hut together they halted a momont, moved by some common fooling. Tho broken down gentleman faced the disreputable beaoh' oombor.' ,' There's not much difference bo twoen East and West whon they drop out of tho running,' ho said, 'but just now we happen to bo on opposite sides. I may as woll tell you I hav.6 a rovolvor.' ; 'I'vo known that all day,' replied Snorky 5 and they went doAvn to tho. jetty. , . ? , Tho sky had grown very bright, and Siiorky . seullod as though . tho night was long in front of him. Wnth tho title on tho turn they moved swiftly / between bronze ?walls of mangrbvo until they reached a pas sago loading deeper into, tho growtliv.and With™difflcurty made bho entrance. Insido , the water opened out, a oiroular shield of isilvor .under tho moon. Hero' Snorky shipped his oars, and by his purposeful attitndo Hartloy felt, as his hoart wont a boat faster, that affairs woro in tho balance Ho braood himself for nn untoward, soono,' through -whioli lie hoped to boar himself docontly. ''Artloy, 1 axed you to go, away tomor row M'ithout1 fuss— -what brought you 'ore I don't know, but such mm things 'nppon In tho Inlands that that aint nothing. Tako. : tho wholo blooiuin' boat if you llko, but out your lucky, ana leave mo in peaco to rot in this forsaken swamp, I took .a fancy to you, or I would'nt bo asking this,' Some minutes ? passed before Hartloy snoko, so thickly did 'auspicious sWnrm on jum. Then ho gave the only answor that1 was left him. 'I can't leave without the Frenchmen. Tell me where they are'.'' ''Artley,' said Snorky, softly, 'I did for them.' This answer had been ^expected, and Hartley felt his position was rather ridi culous. He had been sent to help two con victs escape ; now they were dead, and the murderer sat before him with a wonderfully merry eye. It would be easy to return to Suva, and allow Crevier believe the two men were lost at sea before making Fanfanui. . That would be the safe way ; but against this Hartley could hear the dead men crying for justice ; and murder to him M-as^as yet' an appalling crime. 'It would be awkward for many reasons to call in the' law by taking you to Suva,' said Hartley, 'and yet I must balance accounts somehow. Perhaps you can suggest away?' ' ? . . At this the man grinned and eased bimself of an oath or two. ' Blimme, you 'ave a nerve,' he said admiringly. ' 'You ought to be a polytician. Why, I could have made cold meat of you twenty times this day. Why didn't I ? Cos I'm settin' dotty in me old age, and took a. liking to you when you biffed me on the boat. 'Eres a man,' ses I, 'so Snorky, no monkey tricks.' An' I kept my gun orf yer. You wos so cool and airy that I was fair took back, an' couldn't help thinking, if you was on tho crook, Arot a crook uu you would be. But .those 'ere last words of yours, for cursed' iceberg, brass-bound lip, beats all.' Then he foil to mockery. '; ''Call in tho laA\f by carrying you to Suva ! My ,oath, your slap up, you are ! Heavons wot a man !' and with a sniilo across liis, dirty face Snorky sat and admired his enemy. ,t Now, Hartloy had boon thinking tho mat ter out, seoing no clear way other than tho surrondor of Snorky — a thing that would bring trouble on himself by reason of the penalties for assisting escapees —or a fight to the death, which seemed easiest. Ho was/thus at a loss for words, whon tho other suddenly stooped and caught up tho gun. Hartloy brought his revolver forward quickly. , ? ? 'My friend,' he said, ?',' pray hold your hand.'1 1 ' I don't play it low on coves I likes,' .said Snorky with a sorrowful eye. ' I hoped you'd know that. . I see that .you an' me is too big for this island, an' that one must go. I was thinking of doin' things fair an' square, 'as if we was both toffs, and having a, sort of jewel like tho old Johnnies did? Me at one end 6' the boat, you at the other, an' flro together, and toss for the arms, If you blow my bloomin* light out I' like you to' think fair o' me,' The way was now very plain to Hartley, ' It's a bargain,' he, said, ' and I think we might shake hands, ' Then Hart/ley stood in the stern whilst Snorky' made his-'way to the bows. With levelled arms they stqod a moment j then a buoklo was found looso in their plan; thore was no man to drop the handkerchief, V'Qw will wn know whon to flro ? ' asked Snorlcy.' ? It was Hartley suggested with tho first falling star. ? 'They stood in the drifting bbaii under the moon, 'waiting for the sk'y to give the signal. ? Hartley caught himself thinking the shining circle of water .a groat arena, and the man-' ?rove the multitude waiting for tho blood, n a low tone ho said, f'Oh, my brother Jacob, . my birthright was sold fa'r too cheaply ! ' The boat slowly circled and was ? nigh the channel, when of a sudden a star fell, and the world waited no longer. Hartley sunk languidly on the stern seat. 'Hit bad?' asked Snorky, coming aft. 'Left arm crippled,' -.said Hartley, 'Finish the job.' ' . 'Don't talk rot,' said Snorky bending over him, ' I ain't a butcher.' Then ,a strange thing happened. The boat had drifted close to the mangrove where shadows lay dark as a well. Snorky, looking out of the boat, gave a grunt and glared at the water — at a patch or luminous light that danced fitfully on the ripples, a ghastly whiteness that was not of the moon. ' My Lord,' cried Snorky huskily, 'look at this, and it was 'ere I shot them.' Hartley stood up with pain, and followed the man's finger. ' I never did believe in sperrits but rum,' resumed Snorky with a stiff smile, 'but wot else is this.' These wore the last words Snorky spoke on this subject, for the boat oscillated slightly, and ho, staggering, went overboard heavily. 'I allus waa a curloss cove,' he cried coming to the top, 'but Lord knows I was shaky enough to fall orf a footpath.' Grasp ing the gunwale he began 'lifting himself, when his face took; a look of pain, ? and with ? a low moan, ' a blasted shark !' ho fell off and wont from sight. * The luminous patch still flickered, and with some child stories in his head Hartley took an oar and sculled, with his good arm for his body's worth. IV. In his nervous mood Hartley had no thought other than the making of the hut, for the swamp's labyrinthine wanderings offered so little encouragement to attempt the find ing of tho river ; but a bar against) tracing an unknown way waB the mosaic of ebony and silver that changed the face of the waters. Keen as he was in return, thore wore momonts whon he fought the tide with little faith, trusting more to his star than judgment when it beoame a choice of ohan nelsi As things went it was his lucky day, for after'travail and pain of the wound he oame to Snorky's crude jetty and made fast without trouble. ; , Tho hut was strange and lonely ; the fire seemod to have lost heart, and though he endeavored to liven it for company's sake — tho night was very hot — the wood rather smothered than increased tho flame. Again Snorky's pained face looked out from the coals, and the luminous patch had a trick of glowering in the hut oornors. Hartley shivered and fell to thinking on tho strange ness of the past day, in wonder that a man unashamed of murder should hold a kindly plaoe in his heart. The adventure was done, that was oortain ; ,ho oould return to Suva with alean hands. . . Tho wound he ,mado shift to bandage throbbed enough to break his dozes ; but the hurt was slightor, than ho had first reason to believe j the shot in tho short distance travelling dose and boing ill-aimod had almost missed, only a little load finding .lodgement. From time to time ho bathed it with rum and Svator, then would watoh the firo again with fainting eyolids. He almost slept when a rolling log roused him to tho fooling of anothor proHonoo. Foar gripped for tho inBtant. When he turned a faoo was in the doorway, whito, ' thin, the eyes fovorlshly soared. ' Oom'o in,' ; said Hartley, hls^voloe sounding, far a\Vay and strange, The face came forward, and a man stood in the hut all ashake. ' Where's that man ? ' he asked tremu* lously in French. . ? ? ... Without telling Hartley knew none but Snorkey was in question. ' Dead,' he answered in the same tongue, ' Heaven be praised ! ' cried the poor wretch, and without more ado fainted away. The man was starving, and it was quite two hours before he was able to talk co herently on his affairs, and sketch out the happenings. It was a black story. In slow French— that Hartley might understand the better, having no great skill in that tongue — he told how Crevier' s brother and he had escaped from Noumea according to the settled plan, reaching Fanfanui's only river after many daj's. Here Snorkey had found them, by signs persuaded them to his hut. Of the night when pretending to carry them back to their boat he fired shots, from behind, killing Jules Crevier and wounding the teller of the story. How he had escaped through tho mangrove after many times being near to death. Of his wanderings and desperate return, determined to die by Snorkey's hand rather than starve slowly. ' Yes,' he concluded, ' it seems I have died fifty deaths, and have passed through fifty hells. No,' he- corrected, ' fifty -one— I forgot Noumea,' 'Fiji isn't heaven,' observed Hartley. ' By the way, do you believe in ghosts ? ' '??Ghosts..? ' questioned tho Fronchman. , Hartley ibid of his death of Snorky. 'Ah,' he said, ' I have heard something like that before — before — before— when I was in the West Indies, before— ' . ' Exactly,' said Hartloy. „ 'There was a man drowned and none could find him. Tho swamp was dragged ?without avail. One night a duck- shooter came into the town white like a tombstone. He had seen a spectre — ah, yes, a fearful thing. Numbers went, among them an old whaler. They saw the wator whito and luminous. Tho whaler laughed. ' The body is there,' he said. ' It is tho decom posed fat floating on the surface that gives the light. Dead whales in warm seas do so often. So that is your ghost.' , . ' We live to learn,' said Hartley thought fully. 'Frankly, my friend, I'd sooner you'd not turned up, but as you are here we'll sail for Fiji to-morrow.' v. Alphonse Crevier stood on tho banks of tho Rewai about/ three miles above the mouth. The night was blaoft, and the lan tern he carried waved a oloar signal. , 'Are you certain this is the place ? ' he asked the Kanaka at his side. Tho boy was certain ; on this very spot Captain Hartley, had landed him at dusk. Crovior felt inclined . to dispute, but just tkon oars flopped and a boat grated tho banks, so he changed his mind. ' Is that you Hartley ?', 'No less.*' .. ... Hartley and Jiis passenger mounted the bank to Urevior. 'From the boy I learn this has been a bad business,' ho said. ' Vory,' said Hartley, gravely. ' You might give me particulars of my brother's death. l 'His friond can do that best,' said Hartloy.' . ' ' Orevier listened to , the story solemnly, but yet relief was his face, and a look that he was not well pleasod at the company of of his compatriot. Then Hartloy topk up , the tale, and soon Crevier laokea1 nothing of the business. At the end he said ho had ? , done the best for. his brother and none could i throw a stone. ? ? , ' What- are your intentions ?' . asked Crevier of Hartloy. , . , ' 4 'Haven't any,' said that gontleman.1 ? ' , 'Woll, we must part, your usofulness is done, and your .bondage over. Here is a £10 bonus. You aro a man of the world and will place those past weeks among your dreams. 'Good nignfc.' , ' ? ; Alphopse Orovior, the escapee, and, the kanaka onterod tho dingy, and were lost ' - in the darkness. 'Good night,' called Hartley from the bank m he folt tho monoyin his pocket. He stood for a moment', then, 'Cast oh tho cruol world again, ' he said, 'let me haste '. to tho motherly arms of Briggs, and put up. afresh advertisement.' Whistling oheer- ? : fully he swung on his heol and walked., stoutly in tho direction of Suva'. Tho giving away in charity is bho most diffioult act. in this world of ours, as man hankors after riohos, and riches aro acquired . ? with tho greatest possible difficulty. ? ' I consider a huumri houI without oduoa tion like marblo in a quarry, which shows none of its inherent beauties until the skill of tho poliohor fetches out tho colours, mttkos tho surfaco shine, and discovers every ornamental cloud, spot and voin that runs throughout tho body of it. Education, aftor tho samo mannor, whon it works upon a noblo mind, draws out1 to viow every latent virtue and perfection, which, without Buoh helps, are novor able to nmko their appear- ? an co. — Joseph Addison. God Iuih placed us hero to grow, just as ho placed tho troos and ilowors. Tho troos ' '..' and flowors grow unoonsoiously and by no ? offort of their own. Man, too,' grows un- ? . - consciously, and is educated by ciroum stanooB. But ho can also control those- t ,:. cirouuistanoos and diroot tho course of his lifo. Ho can educate himself. Ho can, by effort' and thought, acquire knowledge, bocomo aooomplishod, rolinod, and purify ; his nature, develop his power, strengthen, ? -?? His character, And booauso ho can do this y , ,!' ho ought to do it. ?.?.'? ? ' ' ? ' . ' ?? I'''1''./.,'1.1' ''?,?'???? ''?'? ??' . ' ' ^''?:-'v ????' 