A NEIGHBOURLY FEUD. TELL yon, Frank, its got to l4io print where some* tiring mu6t be done," ' said Wi-a, Burnett, and as etc •poku she rap- ped at tho small ki»uekl<s that were moving towards Ihe sugar bowl. Morton, aged nine, jerked bis hnnd out of tbe wivysnd laughed at his mother, who pmscd np her lips to cokcfa] a htuil«. M Don't <Id that, Morton," said Mr. Burnett Then turning to bin wife be mtkud : " "What have they bnen doing novr ?'' That boy vnd some more of his friends put tin eans ahmg the top of tho fnnce, »nd then threw stone* at them to knock tbeta o/T. About every stone vrcnl over tbe top oi lho fiucc, and went sailing across our back yard. If ouc of them had hlrui-k anybody he wouldn't have knoom what buithim." " What did you do T " What did I do P I went out and told thorn if the; didn't stop I'd send for a polio* man. 1 ssid to that l)ea kin boy * It's a aha me yonr mother can't teach you to be a little better than a ravage.'" 4 1 Maybe *he didn't know they were doing it." " T do believe sho puts 'em up to it. That boy's enough to try the pstionce of a saint." " Next time he couiut into our yard 1'il bet I throw something ot bioi,"put in Mbrton, whoso chin w*B dripping with a mild mixture of milk and coffee. 1 1 You leave liim ®lonR, n said the male parent. 1 1 You get iuto enough fight* ul ready," " Well. l<rauk, those boys are for over picking on bim," said Mrs. Burnett. " Boys are a good deal alike," responded her husband. " 1*11 bet when he gols out bo's the same »s tho rest of them." Morton grinned aud said nothing. Tho ouly member of tbe Burnett family who had not joined .in the arraignment of tho neighbours was Alice, six years of age. She kuew ell about the fetid, aud shared in the suNpiciona of her mother, but at present sbe was too busy with her supper. The Oeakins lived next door,.and altbongh thore was a dividing fence it bad not kept tho two families apart. Id Ihe year during which the two households had dwelt pide by nidetbure had been a growing enmity. Yet Mrs. Burnett had never p|K>keu a word to Mrs. Dcakin, and her husbaud knew nothing of Mr, Deakin except that be worked with his bands for a liviug and cpent a great many of his evenings at home. It would bavo been rather difficult for either the Burnetts or the Deukiufl tu rxpbiiu how the feui started, but it was opi-ratt'd from tho first through the cbMdren. There were two Deakin children, Lawreuce nr Larry, nged u.n, ft ml little Willie, who at the trndcr oge of tbrco had learnt to nganl tlioBuitielt tribe with scorn end hatred, and suffer, to some degic*, under tbe indiguitics heaped upon hts family by that arch fiend of juvenility, Morton Burnett. Vor when tbe Deskios sat round tbe BUpper table and cast up tbe accounts of the day it was Larry who posed as tbe pfrsecutcd and abused child, nLilc Moiton Jiururtt was pielured as an snfHiti of dark ijlents, heading straight for the Bridewell. 1 If 1 was a man, Tom DoHkin,'* said his wife, *• Ml warrant you I'd to orertothut bousorndgive notice thut twinge are nimply going too far* To«duy that l>oy got np on tlie fence and called Lawrvum? all kinds of names, " He said that his mother a«id that rr didn't have clothes fit to wctr," su^gtsted Lawrence, who had begun to breathe hard during the recital of bin gih-viwcc*. " Any wny, 1 riou't try to make myself look ike a peacock every time I go to church," 6a)d Mrs. Dcakia. Thin comparison of Mrs. Burnett to a peacock tick led tbe children, and they laughed immoderately. Tom Deakin re-strained them 1 with a quiet 1 Tut, tut-,*' and said that tbe proper way to get along was to pay no attention to the neighbours. 4 1 I'd like to kuow how you ran help it," slid 1 hiii wife, 4 Tbht boy is up to some mlechicf every hour of tho day, and his mother stems to eucourago him in ovirything he does. He throws things over into our yard, teases Willie, and makfs fares at bim." *'Next time I see bi n pick on Willie, I'll givo bim another licking," obscrred Larry. " You'll do nothing of tbe kind," rxclaimed bis mother. "Don't you remember the talking to I gave you tho other time you had that light with him ?" La wren co remcmbcrod the mild rebuke, and his inward resolution was not cbauged. Tom Deakin went for his pipe, oppressed with the thought that he bsd beca very unlucky in his selection of neighbours. Those complainta had come in to bim day after day fcum the down-trodden members of his family. Tbe feud had grofra from a thousand aggravating circumstances. Suppose Morton Burnett to be on the fencp. His mother would open tbe back door aud say, loudly enough to mike herself heard through tbe open windows of tbe Deakin houee : " Morty^et down from that fcncc ! Haven't I told you about that ?" Mrs. Deakin would bear and midorfttand, Sbe would then wait hrr opportunity to sppesr and retaliate. In summer limp, when bolh women were out of doors uiuch of tbe time, they occasionally exchanged glances which wero more rigniflcant than anything they could have said. When Mi's. Burnett put out her washing she knew that Mrs. Deakin was watching ber and counting the number oftubk-cloths aud pillow slips. Wbon Mrs. Burnett came to tbe hack door and called out: '* Come, Alice, dear, and practise your music lesson," it was equivalent to saying to Mis. Deakin : Aha, we have a cottage organ in our house, but you haven't an; in yours." Mm. Df*l:io had frequently informed Tom t hat the Burnett organ was a cheap, secondhand thing. One day, when Mrs. Deskin name home from a funerat in a covered carriage, there was const ernation in the Burnet family, and occounU were not feiily balanced until a new coat of paint was put on the Burnett bouso. The Deakin children told tbe Burnett children all tbat tbeir mother bad said about the probable character of ftlra. Burnett. Likewise the Burnett children repeated to thn Deakin children all that they heard at the supptt table. Mrs. Burnett knew that she was being reported to Mrs. Deskin, and Mrs. Deakin frit it; lobe her duty to learn what tbe viperish thing had been saying. Frank Bnrnett and Tom Deakin bccame convinced that the other'* family was probably mort to blame. And thus matters stood, when Alice Burnett started to run across tbe street one day in front of a waggon. She fell, scrambled to her feet again, and tbe horse's kneo struck her In tbe back. She fell on the pavemeut and lay quiet Mrs. Deakin saw it all from her front win* dow. She ran into the street and gathered the muddy ebfid in her arms. Tbe frightened driver feftd left bis waggon, and be followed l»r tinldlj to ihe frort door tf the Bumrtt faeoMt W«. Bnrnett sereavbad tad Chen began 10 cry. Ban for ft doctor, jod loony,* sard Mrs. Drafcin to the driver, as ehe placed* tfce'timp liUlubodyon a bed, and then ran for cold water and clottis. When tta child opened her eyes sbo foon& her mother on ooe side, Mrs. Deakin OH tbe other, while a manuring physician' smiled at her over the footboard* She's a little jolted np, and tamped bar he»U wben she fell, but it was mostly shock,' he said to the women. Law me !"• gasped Mrs. Deakin, " w£en I saw that cbiM fall my heart jnst went into toy thro it. Don't cry, Aiiee, you aln'fcalritbsrfe. The doctor Buys 1 can put some more poaitice on your bad old bump." I'll get it/' said Mrs. Burnett. No, you sit ttril. Tou are as pale as 1 ghost." That is how it happened tbat Borwtt, roming borne from the works bythe.b'a«k way* found in his kitchen tbe bated vixen, the trainer of criminals, the woman without character—Mr?. Deakin. She told him what had happened, nrd brgged him not to frighten bis wife, as thcte wasn't any real danger. Mr. Deakin was likewise surprised on reach* fiog home. Supper was net ready, and Iiis-wife had gone over to tbe enemy. Ue went after her aud was taken in. Mrs. Deakin told him sbe oonldnteome home because Mrs. Burnett was all upaet* and someone would have to take care ot the ebild. So Mr. Deakin and his two boys ate a odd lunch with Mr. Bnroett aud his boy. Mr. Burnett sent Morton out to get two cigars, and while the women sat by tho bed-in the front room tbe men sat in tbe back mm and smoked, while tbe three boys, nwodby tbe revolution, kept very quiot. " 11 Morton ever bothers you, Mr. Deakin," said Mr. Burnett, " yon just lot mo kuow, and 1 will attend to him." 1 1 1 was just going to say to you that Larry's apt tu be too gay uow and then, aad -it I ever hear of him pickiug ou your children I'll make him remember it." In the tront room Mrs. Burnett was thanking Mrs. Deakin, who was hoping that her children bad never bothered Mrs. Burnett very much. The little girl went to sleep, and the Dealricts went home. That was the end of tho feud. In eaeh hout-ebold there was a general order that in case of a ueigbbourhood riot punishment should be visited upon those nearest st bund. Those two bouses, side by aide, became thn pcace centre of tbe town. The Dcukin children wero at liberty to go over end thump on tbe Cur* nett cottage organ. But who endt.d tbe feud*- the men, women, or tho air year- old P 