Tlie Llfht that Cast no Shadow Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by o»rt»in natives of India, who lira op among the Himalaya moon'ains, These aid men, it is said, hare devoted soores of yean to the study of natural laws and forces, whioh tbe rest of the world know nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the "adept*" as these queer Hindus are ofilled, for the our pose of finding out tbe secret ol their remark - able performances. They treated him rather ecurvily, but interested him all the same. One dsy the professor wanted to examine some anoient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a oave wherein the books were kept. The place was 08 dark as tbe bottom of A well, " I cwi't see to read, here," said (he visitor. " Then we will have mate light:" w« the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a a soft, pearly light brightened tbe oave. He could not tell whence it same, but be noticed that it bad one strange quality—It eatl not the iliglUest shadow. This is a ttory bird to believe, yat Its troth in affirmed by a man of vast learning and Ugh character, and you who now read it hare no reason for doubt exempt that ait the tights ytiu have seen cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly tuna parallel with one's own experi ence. Sr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A mm who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is soeptioal when friends tell him of a medioine which they believe will mtke him well. What else bnt doubt could tesnlt from his experience T Take an ex ample ir " In the spring of 1888," writes our corres pondent, " I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At 6rat my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the ohest. I was muoh troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter', bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept u|> .with my work, but had always a senae of dis comfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Uother Seigel'a Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken' only a few doses I found relief t my fosd digested,and gradually an nervousness left me. Althongh I .. had do reason at 6rat to feel any oonfi- . dence in this medioine, never haviog used tt or seen it uaed, I now gladly admit its .) value, and iti power over disease. Since my ' j recovery, for which I thank Mother 8eigerfa Curative Syrup, I have been in the bett health • and apirits. In the interests of suffering bu [ inanity I deem it a duty to send you this testi mony. (Signed) 0, Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 161, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, Jane | 8th, 1193." There is a deal of differanoe between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the [ light that oast no shadow- The latter may be true enough, but it oannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand, we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of ioqniry, and oan be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing uystib or magieal abont Mother Beigcl's Curative Syrup. It acta on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, phases of that universal disease—indigestion and dyspepsia; it ourea that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearts and homes where illneaa and pain had cast suoh dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all _ that ia told of its success by eager witnesses. It you want a well-marts suit go to the London Tailoring Co., where you will fret good value for your money. They have just received » '... good shipment o( tweeds, ooattngi, urqtfc, ' ■ serRcrctteB, fancy worsteds, Week of England ' • Banuorkburoe; also a good stock meiserj at the lowest prices.— Teiloring Co., Warwick and 