THE RIYAL CRUSOES. DE ROUGBIIOET AjSTD THE PARSOST. SOUE PECULIAR (XtlECIDEECES. ; ■ (From, our'Special Correspondent.) London, September 16, The Yorkshire Post" printed the other1 day a rather remarkable article, in which, are made some "odgus comparigons" be tween the sensational narrative of 31.' Louis de Rougemont and the. story of an other Robinson Crusoe, whose adventures' were narrated in .Charles Dickens's "AH the" Year Round" in May, 1862. According to' this story. some 36 or 38 years ,ago a, young English "curate went out' as a mis sionary and settled" down with a savage' tribe in the Yorth Island of Yew' Zealand. He;, lived in - a lint on a piece of ground; given to him by a native; The chief of the' tribe, an old man named Manu, gave him two boys as slaves, and they assisted him in cultivating.his garden and on his fishing expeditions. In August, IS59,' the curate, wishing for a change of diet, made up his mind 'to go' for a day's fishing towards Cape' Brett,, a dangerous quarter,. with sunken . rocks. Towards Cape Brett lie set out in a small boat and in two. hours reached his fishing-ground. After some, time h breeze sprang up, then a heavy'sea, then a storm. The curate hauled sail ' and decided to drift.. But the storm increased in violence, and his little boat was .washed about all' night. Yext. day he and his' boat were] driven ashore, and, making his boat fast' fo the beach; he reconnoitred and disco.' vered that he .was on a small and seemingly uninhabited island. He was absolutely with no earthly possessions beyond a small pocket-knife", a pair of blankets, a few pieces of broken glass (the remains of two-bottles which I found on the rocks-: and which I carefully treasured), and my tattere'd sails and a broken boat." lie goes °n."—"I had.not even a dog or a cat for, my .companion, I had.no wrecked slnp. wherefrom to draw resources." How M. de Rougemont is particularly' careful to state that he had a dog—the. captain's dog, which saved his life and was so useful to him—and that lie had a' lot of provisions on the wrecked, ship, which he more tihan once visited. \ This difference between- the two stories is therefore anything but a coincidence. But let the curate continue his- story. Six' miles from Cape Brett, are two groups of rocks "always out of water, though at high tide hut a few feet out." 31. de Rouge mont's.boat was carried by storm into a very similar neighborhood. At all events, the island he was cast upon was only 8 ft.' above sea-level at.high water." 31. do Rougemont, on realising his terrible posi tion, began to despair. . "You may, per haps," he says, "form some conception, of my utter dismay on failing to come across any trace of fresh water." He was begin ning to fear that death might soon put an end to his sufferings. ■ The curate was in a very similar state of mind, but, as-a clergyman would do, he comforted himself • with.repeating the verse—"Why art thou cast down, 0 my soul? and why-art thou disquieted with me? Hope thou in God; for I shall yet praise Him for the help of His countenance." But both M. de Rouge-; mont and the curate realised the neces sity for doing something—lighting a fire, for example. Of course they kindled a. fire in orthodox- Robinson, Crusoe fashion, by rubbing two sticks together until- they ignited by friction. There is.; nothing astonishing in that; it is so natural, as scarcely to be a coincidence. But what is. strange is-' that the curate . shouldi take the trouble, in his magazine story to say—"This fire I never allowed to.go out,", and that-31. do. Rougemont in his inaga-, zine story- should say—"-'I took good care never to let it-go- out during the whole, time I remained a prisoner on the, island." M. de Rougemont '"fixed np.a flagstaff on the;highest point of the island, and floated an' ensign upside down from it" as a sig-:' nal of distress. The curate had no ensign, but he had a blanket, arid this he fixed; up in a tree for, the same purpose. , j After the curate hail .been on his island 'home , for about .five months his heart] hounded at the sight of a large schooner] "about four iriiles from the island." He at once poked up his. fire, heaped t-n moss and fepns, arid did all lie "could to attract, her attention. "My heart ' palpitated, I could distinctly hear and almost i-o'iin: its', loud .and. anxious throb: "They see the smoke, they see it,' I cried in ecst-asv, as she-suddenly hauled up to the wind, and 1 heard her sails strike sharply against her masts. In my excitement ! screamed-u-nfi. mv-throat wai sore, with. tlri vairi hope that the people, on' hoard would hear my cries." But they did'riot. \ The schooner kept on her course.' and the curate felfci more like Robinson Crusoe than ever. Yow for'Mi de Rougemont. "Seven -weary;! months'-'—two more than the curate—had j screamed. jj.v muu, — . came nearly delirious with excitement] but alas, the ship was' too far- out at sea to notice fny frantic signals." She:must have been "fully five miles away"—a mile more than the curate's—and she did not see the signals of distress. 31. de Rougemont felt —just like the curate, as he . naturally would. - "Ycver," he says,•"'can I hope to. describe the gnawing pain at my heart as, hoarse and half mad, I sank exhausted on the sand, watching the last vestige of the ship disappearing." The curate was worse than this. He actually contemplated sui-. cide. But early associations and his bet ter judgment reminded him of the words, "Call upon me in the day of trouble; -I will deliver thee, and thou shalt glorify me." He went to bed. to sleep, and it is reasonable, to suppose he was comforted.' M. de Rougemont'also went to bed,-and, to sleep, and was comforted. He dreamed a beautiful dream. "Some; spiritual be-, ing," he says, "seemed to come and bend over me, smiling pityinglv. .. — I lay there for some time longer, thinking about the past—for I dared not; dwell on foe future—when suddenly the intense still? ness "of the night was broken ..by a strangely familiar voice,- which said dis? tinctly :and articulately, and encourag ingly, 'Je suis avec toi.. Soyez sans peur. Tu reviendras.' " "From that, night," he adds, "I -never absolutely .despaired when things looked ■ their very worst." -. , "In regard to another important incident we- discover a difference in time. In. the case of.'31. de Rougemont about sixteen, months 'elapse. 'In the case of tne curate, 'about four, weeks. The curate : was: dis turbed in the night hv a noise outside his hut, and by'footsteps. Then lie recognised the voice of his old chief who had given hirii the two boys. With a] loud shout of welcome he ran forward t§ meet him. But the chief began brandishing a" tomahawk. The figure then moved towards the boat'. "Stop," the curate cried, hut the figure went on. "I am Henry." said the'curare, "do not. leave me." "Ka teka" (you lie), he exclaimed ,"Kua mats Henare" (Henry is dead). "You are. his spirit." And the ] curate could not convince his visitor thdi he was not a spirit until he picked v.p 'a. stone, and aiming accurately, i,it a distant tree. That was enough. Ghosts do not throw stones at trees, and the supersti tious old fellow was satisfied, lie wanted to take the curate back with him, but he would not go. He remained upon the island some days longer, hut was ultimately] rescued by a schooner and taken back to ] his tribe and his two hoys. , How was 31. de Rougemont rescued? The story is more dramatic. After "two inter? minable years" he one day espieu a ship, which turned out to be a catamaran "with several human figures .lying prostrate upo-.i it." Their craft iras washed ashore. 31. de Roueemont found his strange visitors al most dead from exhaustion. They were four blacks; a man, a woman—and two boys. He nibbed them and fed them, and gradually they recovered consciousness. And tnen they began to be afraid. "Then: first symptom was one of extreme terror, and' in spite of every kind of action 3[ could think o-, they held out for a long; time against my advances, " although I signed to them that I was their friend." Eventually 31. de Rougemont, having, as stated, taken the. woman "of the party as his wife, set off fifth' the rest of _,s rest cued visitors, and with them readied' the Australian coast. From that' point his exile of 28 years among the aboriginal tribes of Australia begins. But we leave him at this point (concludes our contem porary) because the curate's story also ends there, and further coinparisons.areim possible. ; 