[ The Brotherhood of Pity. ! Mrs. Janet Ross-a member of a literary family -discourses in the "Eu gi tell Illustrated Magazine" on that remarkable philanthropie .organisation of Florence, ithe Brotherhood of Pity. It is the proto type of all ambulanco societies, but ii covers a wider field and performs many, inore .offices. than any we in Australia are acquainted with. "Most visitors to Florence," says'Mrs. Ross, "have seen the brethren ol' the Misericordia,'bound on some mission of mercy, gliding silently, like black ghosts, carrying a black catafalque, through the city. All heads are uncovered aa they paso, and 'tho most ribald and uncouth carter draws his mules ' on ono side to givo more» room." According to tradition ithe Misericordia was founded in 12d0, when Florence supplied the world with cloth, so that many.pantera were employed to carry the balea ¡from 'the weavers to the dyers and thence to 'the merchants' warehouses. The' men- used to take ¡ refuge- from summer sun and winter wind in some unused cellars belonging to thc Adimaii, in the -Piazza del .Duomo. (All Florentines will tell you ithait «orno aholter is absolutely necessary against tho wind, which always blows round and round the cathedral in hot pursuit of .tho devil, who, being clever and utterly shameless, eludes his enemy by slipping in at ono side door cf the Duomo and out at tho other.) The porters were much given to cursing and swearing, which, to 'this day, is a'well known Tuscan vice. One Piero Borsi, an old and d'Qvouit man, was scandalised by his companions' blasphemous talk, and propeled that ev erybody who took, tho names of God or 'tino Holy Virgin in vain should be obliged 'to put a erazia imto a box by way of penance. They all adhered to this idea, and, as an old" wri ter quaintly says, "much time having passed in this devout exercise, and large sums being accu mulated," old Pieru suggested that six. litters .should be made, one for each quarter of the city, that every porter should undertake for six days in the year to carry the sick to hospital and to go to the aid of those wl\o fell from scaffolds, were murdered, drowned, or hurt in the streets. For every journey they were to receive a giulio. This proposal met with universal approbation, and was carried out. . But Count L. Passcrini, in his exhaustive work on the charitable institutions of Florence, ridi cules thc oki tradition, quoting the learned and saiutly Archbishop Antonino, of Florence, in sup port of his opinion that the Misericordia was an offshoot of another, confraternity i the Laudes! of Or- San-Michelo, founded in 1202. He believes that tho separation took place in 132C, during the pes tilence which broke out in the city, owing, old wailers say, to many unburied corpses of the sol diers who fell at the battle of Altopascio, whereby the air was corrupted. So many people died that the republic forbade the tolling of the passing bell, or the publication of the number of deaths. Mrs. Ross goes cn to say: No wonder the F'0" ! rentines aro proud of their confraternity; the fin est charitable institution that was ever founded. Anyone can give money, but the brethren give personal fatigue, and are- often exposed to infec tion. No winter snow or burning sum mer sun stops the devoted band. Three times a day the bell of the Miseri cordia chapel in Piazza del Duomo rings to call those whose, turn it Í3 to carry sick poor to the hospital.. Ten-breátbren usually go with each lit ter, under the order of Capo di Guardia, who ia distinguished by a bag round his waist. This con tains brandy, cough lozenges, and the key of a draw under the litter, in which is a drinking cup, stole, a crucifix, the ritual, and some holy water, in case the sick person should die on the way. The long dress and the cowl, with two holes for the eye&, are of black cotton, and black gaiters are worn, so . that the brethren may not be recognised by the color of their trousers. The cowl may. only be thrown' back outside the city gates and in certain specified streets. If it rains hard, or the sun is powerful, a black felt hat is worn over it. Four brethren carry the litter, which weighs about 1801b, and the reserve men keop one hand under the poles In case a bearer should stumble or fall. A slight tap on tho pole is-the signal for changing bearers, which is so skilfully done that the sick or wound ed are never shaken. As they relieve the others, the fresh men say, "May God reward you!" The answer is, "Go in peace!" If they have^to go' a long way, sixteen brethren are told ofî"for ser vice, and should, the case be a- very bad one, a brother walks on either side of the litter, to watch the invalid's face or feel his pulse. When the house-door is too small to admit the litter, the Capo di Guardia and six brethren go to the sick-room. Tenderly and carefully they carry, the invalid-.on a thick quilt ed coverlid to the litter, and the arched top is opened against the street, so that curious passers by should not see the sick person. Before leav ing the room the Capo di Guardia leaves a'small sum on the table, in obedience to a legacy , left for that purpose to the confraternity by two pious citizens long ago. If the invalid is the bread- winner, or the poverty of the family evi dent, the Capo di Guardia begs the brethren to do yet anothericharity',, and holding his hat to gether like a bag, goes from one to another to col i léct alms. He asirá'the sick person whom the ! money is to be given to, and, without counting, ! pours tho contents of the hat Into their hands. '. The' members of tho Misericordia'take it by turn I to go at stated hours to the houses of sick people j to change thèir linen or beds, or to sit up at night with those who are too poor to pay . a nurse. In ! maladies like rheumatic fever, when the slightest j touch is agony, they are often called to rich folk j to lift an invalid-so gentle and sure from long ¡habit is their touch. No member is allowed to accept anything-money or food- save a glass of water, in any house. 