THE SHARK AND THE WHALE. A MIGHTY BATTLE OF THE DEEP. We — a little girl of six and myself— were seated upon a high, flat-lopped, grassy headland of a lonely part of the northern coast of New South Wales, five miles from the old penal settlement of Port Macquirie. Three hundred fcetbelow, tbe longFaciflo rollers, uuruflled by the faintest breath of air, swept in endless but suifltss succession sreund a chain of black, isolated, and kelp-covered rocks that stood out from tbe shore at the distance of a cable-length or so. Tbe tide was low, and some of the rocks raised their jagged, sun-dried summits perhaps six feet from the surface : others scarce a foot, so that each gentle swell as it came wavering shoreward poured over its surface in a creamy lather of foam ; others again were fathoms below, anil their thick garments of kelp and weed swayed to and fro unceasingly to tbe aweep of the ocean roll above them. And in aud about the rocks, and hoverinng over tbe white gleam of sandy bottom that, like a great table of ivory, lay between them and the cliff bound shore, swam droves of bright pink coloured sebnapper, and great, lazily-moving blue-fish. Half a mile away a swarm of gulls floated motionless on tbe blue expanse ; upon the time-worn foreshore boulrlera beneath us stood lines and groups of divers, with wings outspread in solemn silence, gazing seaward. We had climbed the headland to look for whales ; for it was the mouth of October, when the great schools jpfr. humpbacks aud finbacks wpre iravellifii;soattw,Brd.tp colder seas from their breeding ground* among the Bampton shoals niue hundred miles away north-east. For three wei ks they had been passing soilth, some times far out from tbe land, sometimes within a mile of tbe shore— hundreds of thousands of pounds' .. worth of rich blubber, with never a wbRleship nor whalebDat'a crew within two thousand ? miles ; tor the brave old days of Australian whaling enterprise died fully fifty y«ars ago. At last, a mile or so away, a jet of smoky spray, and then another and another I Five humpbacks— two cows, two calves, and a bull— oaly u small ' pod ' — that is, » sohool. Nearer and nearer they came, their huge, black humpt gleaming brightly in the daszling sunlight as they rose to spout. A hundred yards in front the old bull rolls lazily along, ' sounding ' hut rarely, for tbe sea is full »f squid, and he and his convoy, with drooping lower jaw, suck in the lovely morsels by countless swarms. Six weeks before, as they had .'oiled and spouted northwards to the great In got us of the Bampton aad Bellona reefs, they had pissed witbii, perhaps a hundred yards of the head land upon which we sat. Perhaps, too, a fierce ' north-eBStrr ' bliw, and tbe chain of rocks that was now so gently laved by the murmuring waves was smothered in the wild turmoil of a roaring surf, and the great bull, although bis huge, corrugated belly itched sorely from tho thick growth of inch-long barnacles that ba.l so tormented htm of late, spouted regretfully Vud headed seaward again — he could not scratch hiB giant frame in such a surf as that. But to day it was different ; and now lie could enjoy that long-delayed pleasure of dragging his great body aver tbe rough surfaces of tbu submerged rocts and tearing those dreadfully irritating barnacles off his twenty-five feet of grey-whitu ridgy stomach. For, suddenly, be raised bis vast head, and then sound* d, straight 'Orn*d,-nnd the Child -fcy-ony-aido-Enve a g«si- Of wondtring terror as she saw bis mighty tail rite a good ten. feet in air and then elowly vauish beneath. On went the cows and calves, apparently taking no heed of father's sudden dive shore ward. He would.soon be bark, they knew, as soon bb the poor feilowjrad rid himself of those ?^?'?mrntinc tuttP^les . Sn'ri «o with dim nishe'' speed they kept in southwards towards Canute n Haven. But just as tbe great bull came burst ing through the blue depths into the greeny hue of six fathoms of water, we saw between him and tbe ' pod ' two smalt jets, like spurts of steam, shoot up from the water between him and his couvoy ; asjd in another second the cows and calves had sounded its deadliest terror and were rushing seaward two thousand feet be low. For they knew that out there in the depths lay their only hope of safety from their dreaded and invincible enemies, the ' killers ' and ' threshers ' of the South Pacific — the murderous savage, cetacean pirates that lie in wait for the returaieg ' pods ' as they travel southwards to the cplder seas of Tasmania. Aa the great humpback reached the cbain of rocks, aud had begun to scratch, his foes bad advanced silently but swiftly towards him. Before them swam their tqually tierce and dreaded ally, Alouias Vulpes, the ?' tbreBher,' or fox-hbark. But, before 1 tell ot that noble fight of giants which for nearly two hours we gazed at on that October morning from the lonely headland, let me say something about Alopias Vulpes and hia fellow-pirate, Orca Gladiator, tbe ' killer.' First of all, then, 61 ta the ' thresher.' He is a shark, pure and simple, and takes his name from bis enormous scjthr.-like, bony tail, which form two-thirdB of his length. His mouth is but small, and whales have little to fear from that, but dread the terrible knife-like sweep and downward slash of his tail ; for each stroke cuts through tbn tough skin and sinks deep down into the blubber. Such is the ' thresher ' and in every druve of-' killers ' there is always one thresher, sometimes two. Tbe ' killer ' is actually a whale, for he is warm-blooded and rises to the surface to spout, which he dues in a manner that hae often led to bis being mistaken for a humpback or finback whale. He is distinguishable only from the grampus by his moutb, which lias teeth — and terrible teeth — in both jawt ; the grampus has teeth iu his lower jaw only. When he (tbe grampus) is a baby he has teeth ia both jawii, but those of tbe upper jaw are shed and fall out whin he is about half-grown. The killer has tei tb in both jaws, as many a poor humpback and finback has found out to hia cost, for tbe fierce creature does justice to his name — Orca Gladiator Thu killers have a business, and tbey never neglect it. It i- the business of whale catching and killing. They are bulldog pirates of the deep kea, and on tbe coast of Australia their headquarters are at Twofold Bay. Sometimes, but not olten, they have been known to attack i he monarch of tbe ocean, the sperm whale. But they generally leave him alone. He is too big, too powerful, and his great ten-inch teeth and fierce spirit render him a dangerous cus tomer to tackle. But with the riglil whale, the humpback, and tbe seventy-fool flying finback, the killers cau work their cruel will. And novr to the fight we saw. For about ten minutes or so the great hump back dragged his monstrous seventy feet of fltsh and blubber acroBS tbe topB ot the sub merged rocks, raising sometimes biB vast head and sometimes bis mighty flukes out of the water, as with all tbe weight of a hundred tons or more be rubbed and scraped and scratched bis itching belly against the surface of the rocks. Suddenly, a long slender, greyish object swept like lightning upon him, and the thresher buried his teeth in the' loose skin of his 'small' —that ib, about fifteen or sixteen feet from his tail. And at tbe same moment with savage puffs of spray shooting high from their blow holes, tbe two killers darted at his head and seized him by the jaw. In ten seconds there was nought to be suen but a maddened whirl and steth of foam, as tbe unfortunate victim sought to escape seaward. Well did he know that in such shallow water-turn) was but five or six fathoms— be could lot sound far below into ocean's depths, and, tirrjing bin foea with him, compel them to rise b air. Fifteen, perhaps twenty minutes exbusts the air supply of a killer ; a whale can remain be'.ow tbe surface for sixty. But he made i bold attempt. Kaisiug'his enoruuus head higb in air and giving it a m ghty slake, he freed himself of one of the killers, whose body, twenty feet in length, he hurled frorr him as if it were a min now ; but tbe other, ritb his cruel teeth buried bulldog fashion in bit thick lips, bung on with savage tenacity. Anrdowu upon his -'small ' tbe thresher, with bisteetb gripping the loose, tough, and wrinkled stin, uprearid bis lingthy form, and brought his awful scythc-likt tail down upon the victimY btcli, with a smvck (hat could be heard half a mile away, It cut. and then, as the whale rollsd iu his agony from the blow, a broad white streak of blu her ooeid through tbe severed skin. Before be could gather bis strength for that seaward rush which rrraut life, the tbrowu-oft killer was back, end had seized uim again by his starboard lip. Too late 1 he could not sound und could not fiee, and the poor, worried animal seinieJ to know it, for suddenly he lay quiet, 'bile the bulldogs shook him and the thrtslu r denlt him steady but fearful bloirs upon his broad expanse of shiniug back. ' Oh, the poor whale !' said my little com panion, as she shuddenngly clutched my arm. ' Look at that i' The killer fastened to the left jaw of the helpless, floating, monster, raising hia square white aud black head about a foot or two out of water, nave it that ouick ierk one sees a fox terrier gives to a rat, and brought away in his jaws a piece of lip-about a yard long — a thick atrip of bloody white and red. And, as a terrier throws a rat backward and upward, bo did the killer ttiruw away the gory mass ; it fell with a heavy splash upun the water some fathoms array. Then with a mighty !eap the wntched whale sprang clear out of the water, standing for a moment or two straight up aud down,aud bb be swung his body round in falling we saw the blood pouring from his jaws in a stream. He fell upoa nis back with a terrific splash of foam, and For a few leconds was out of danger . gain ne raised his Jead — tbe killers were both fastened to his lips ngaiu.tear ing off the biubbtry flesh in monstrous strips. Once, us he wallowed in bis agony, he opened bis vasty jaw, and ere he :ould close his moutb one of his foes thrust in his bulldog head aud sought to tear away a piece ol his great tongue. And Iben came such n. crashing and splashing and bewildering leaping of foam, » d his tail upreared itself -ind swept round and -ound in all directions, and then struck the water blow that sounded like u, thunderclap. Look,' ouiJ the child again, ' there are more of those cruel killers coming ; see, there tbey are, just below us !' Fifty feet away from the persecuted bump hack, and sailing round and round in the greeu water beyond the rocks wtre fife sharks. They had smelt tbe blood of the battle, and wcri: waiting till they could join in, and, while the killers forced their bead into the humpback's alouth and tore out hia tunthKOine tnnpup. ff-r- upon the quivering mass of blubber and rend him in pirces from bis head down to his ' small.' Tbe usfortuaate animal was now becoming rapidly exhausted, and though he still struck tbe water resounding blows with his tail, he « as convulsed with pain and terror, and swam slonly round and round in a circle, spoutiug feebly, and rolling from Bide to side in a vais effort to shake off tbe killers, and find his way to tbe open sea. Then, aa if wearied with their attempts to get at his tongue, tbe two destroy ers suddenly let go their hold and swum away some tweuty yards or to ; and the thresher, too, although be fcfcill lay alongside, ceased bis tearful blows and \tl bis long, narrow, and tapeiiug body lie motionless upon the water,and the five grey sharks drew nearr r aad nearer. But I ho killers had not left him, for after spouting once or twice, they slewed round aud Ciuie at the prey with & savage rush, and leap ig-n bodily out of the water, Sung themselves upon his hack time aid time again with th« most cruel snd extraordinary pertinacity. And so, at last, there he lay, his munstruus ht-ad and thirty feet of his back rais- d high out of the water, aud the white seethe of foam in which bis colossal frame writhed and shuddered in deadly torment was tinged deeply with a bluoilic.it red. Better far for him would have been thn swift, denth-dealing stroke of the whaler's lance, or tbe dreadful ' squish ' of the bursting bemb as it entered bis vitals, aud put an end to him at obce, than eodure such tortures as now were bis. But, presently, gathering bis strength for one final effort, one last spout slowly curled out, he lowered his head, raised bis tail, aud dashed headlong tea ward. Aad like demons from the pit the two killers followed him down. .They knew that for a mile out the water was too shallow for him to get away fioui them. Behind, the fivr BharkB swept iu swift pursuit ; ahead of all Aliopias Vulpes cleft the water with sharp vicious ' tweops ' of bin long tail. Five, perhaps six, minutes passed, and then, nith a roariug burst of foam and spouting qnickly, be raited his immtuse form half up out of the water and, onpporting himself upon .his tail, spun round and round. Twice his cave like mouth opened and shut, and as he beat the sea into froth and spume aiouod, a strange, aue-inspiring sound accompanied bis last spout ; for the sharks nere at him below, tearing and riving out moutbfuls of blubber, and the killeiE bad dragged out bis tongue. One last shuddtring gasp, and the now uncon scious creature sank backwards, and describing a circle in Iris final ' flurry,' rolltd over, ' fin ud,' aud gave up his greasy ghost.— Loui» Beoke. in tb« ' 1'all Mai! Guzette.' 