ACTA POPULI. : ? ? ? — — v— — ? — - — . By The Flanbxjk. A priest and a squelched squatter were travelling in a railway car, when the latter, who had been holding forth about the good old days when he counted his stock by thousands and enjoyed affluence, remarked:— 'I suppose, now that my o)n.n;»on^ri that, vnu're ffoine to tell me about how I ought to have put something by for a rainy day while I had the chance r' ' That is precisely what was in my mind,' replied the priest. ' Ah, I thought as much,' said the other. 'Well, it wouldn't have done me the least good. Y'see what burst me up, and ruined all my worldly prospects, was a drought.' o o o Mr. J. C. Neild has been moving of late in the matter of old-age pensions, which, roughly speak ing, is one way of compelling peop'e to put some thing by for the wintry days which generally afflict the aged poor. Briefly put, it is now proposed that destitute residents of 15. years' standing shall, after having passed an age up to which they might be expected to provide for themselves, receive a State pension sufficient to shield them from extreme want. The residence clause is most necessary in order to prevent this colony from being over-run by the poor of other colonies, after the fashion it was when the relief works were started here. Proof of resi dence and proof of need being furnished, no deserv ing person would be reduced to abject poverty under the new measure, and, furthermore, it is stipulated that those who had attempted to make provision for their old age by means of thrift and investments, but had failed through circumstances over which they had no control, would be specially favoured. o o o All this sounds mighty consoling, of course, but there arises the very awkward question~Wb ere' s the money to come from ? . Mr. Neild proposes to 'to raise the wind' by taxing some com modity of general use, such as tea, or flour, and he furthermore suggests that a goodly, sum pduld be drawn from the large areas of Crqvyn lands now at the Government's disposal. Sq far we have Mr. JJ'eild on the oUUage pension scheme. Now we want to hear Mr. Carroll on Mr, Neild, Of late the shrewd Lachlan member has evidently kept a watch ful eye upon the Paddingtoa party, with the result that he suspects him most when he comes laden with presents and other good things. Mr. Carroll's at titude to the man with the marvellous 'mustivy'' reminds me of the two Jews who were going home from the Synagogue, when Mr. Isaacs politely said:*' Have a cigar, Levy ?' 'Eh!' exclaimed Levy, in great surprise at this unusual burst o* generosity. )( Vat's the madder mid it?' ooo On Thursday last Mr, Neild asked the House to ' benefit the country and provide work for a thou sand men' by passing the Illawarra Harbour and Land Corporation Acts, and he was holding forth in high prai3e of the matter when cute little Car roll said, ' You have got £1000 worth of shares in the business.' This assertion so flabbergasted ' Honest' John Haynes that he gasped—' Is Mr. ' Carroll in order in stating that Mr. Neild is person ally interested in this Bill ?' And then the gallant ?,'Majah' admitted the ' soft impeachment,' and said it was ' perfectly true that he was the re gistered owner oMOOO shares in the London Co.. and was alsq the owner of a share in the local ? N.o harm can come to' the State from this, of pourae. If Mr. Neild has purchased 1000 shares, that is his business solely. Every man has a righ^; \\.o make or break himself ;just as he chooses. But, as Mr. Nei}d is nqt at all likely to ever want State pupporf; in- his old age? we must take his action as perfeptly disinterested, especially as lie cjeplareg himself that he requires no recompense for the pension report which he has compiled. And, as re gards the principle of old-age pensions, all humane persons will agree to that. As the Greek sage truly said : ' Man never approaches nearer to a god than he does when he is providing for the wants of his fellow-men.' He that giveth to the poor lends to the Lord. And, as a sound security, that can never be beaten, o oo A budding Raphael is reported to be painting a picture which will represent ' Anxiety,' and for his subject he has taken a lady who has got up a church social, and is watching the door from her corner near £he ice- cream, table to see if anyone is gqming in. Tl^t i4ea fg a good onfi, for no spider $?ev Vi/at.'/hed from his web for flies more keenly than a church social or bazaar lady watches for customers to boom the good cau3e. This reminds me that the weary old wail against the bazaar business has been raised again, pr-obab,ly by sqrae disappointed ' ProBbyteeriun' pider wfoo investpd ' saxpenee' in a lottery and has been howling mad ever since because he didn't draw a £120 piano. The party who goes to a church or charity bazaar simply to make money would be mean enough to steal a nun's beads ; as mean, in fact, as Barrie's Scotch lover, who, when he spoke of going to Lon don for a holiday, was met by his sweetheart's father, who proposed that Tonald should take Janet along with him on his journey. The reply the old man got would have done credit to even a croaker against bazaars, for it ran — 'Why should I incur a' that expense when I can take the lassie with me in ma imagination.'; The only sects that rail against bazaars are those whose women are not attractive enough to draw a crowd on the free-admission principle, and whose men would be too mean to break a bawbee even if the greatest beauties in the land presided at the stalls, and were willing to sell a 2s 6d article for half-a-crown and throw in a kiss as well. o o o It was Lowell who sang — 'There's naught so much about the spirit soothes like rum and true religion,' But from an exchange I learn that a well-known Anglican Bishop has been revising, in his own case, the poet's dictum as to the .«oothing effect of piety and creature comforts. His Lordship finds that he can have a little too much of both when they are served up in a monotonous way, that is. 'The two things or which I am most tired./' he said the other day, ' are ' The Church's One Foun* dation' and cold chicken. The hymn seems always to be chosen wherever I go, and kind hostesses, with quite extraordinary unanimity, provide cold chicken for luncheon.*' o o o That sounds a d=al too smart to come from an Anglican divine, and I fancy the real story is one I heard over thirty years ago to the effect that our own well and justly be!oved,,Archbishop ;Polding said, after finishing a long country Confirmation circuit : ' There are two things that I am heartily tired of now — Mozart's Twelfth Mass and roast turkey.' Everywhere his Grace went the fatted turkey was killed and served for dinner, and the choir, gene rally with more vigour than skill, attacked the last movement of the '. Kyrie' and the first of the ' Gloria' in Mozart's glorious work, until at last even tho most patient of prelates wearied, and wou'd have been truly thankful for a taste of corned beef and 'Van Bree.' o o o Talking of dinner delicacies, I have just heard of a new chum, green enough for the goats to eat, who while in search of 'colonial experience' essayed, after acquiring a deal of more or less useless infor mation on the subject, to make a damper ' all out of his own head' — which was certainly soft enough to provide the dough. He failed miserably, however, and this is the style he related the story of his ex^ periment. oo q ' You see, deah boy, it was like this. I — ah — had camped out for .the first time, and in ordah to inuah myself to hardship, I— ah — deoided to make a 4&mPah.-; whiph the people in that beastly part deplared wa.s delicious. Accordingly, I made a large fiah, and-=-ah — mixed up the — ah — ilouah with some watih-in a quart pot, and after stirring the mixehah about with a stick. I— ah — made a hole m the ashes with anothah stick, and poured the stuff in, and then, although I was nearly blinded by the dem'd smoke, I — ah — covered my dampah up and waited for an hour to let it get thoroughly cooked, doncherknow. Then a most extraordinary thing occurred, for when I scraped the ashes away and looked for the dem'd dampah it wasn't there at all. There was nothing there, in fact, but a horrid beastly smell, and, do you know, I have since thought that I must have gone the wrong way to — ah — work entirely. A aquattah person assured me that any dera'd fool could make a darapah, but my experience proves the contrary — don't you think so, deah boy 5' ooo The time was when a ghost secured a deal of un doubted respect ; in fact, no respectable family in the Old World was without one, but the ghost's day, or rather night, is over, and instead of being scared to death by an apparition, people now run the spook down with dogs, and then belt it with waddies that feel red hot, after which they souse it in the nearest. ditch, and then hang it up by the heels to a tree to dry. Something of this kind was the welcome given to a Perth ghost a few days ago, and it is safe to say that the next time the party who played the fool wants amusement he will tvy something which will be less exciting, and not so apt to bring a laugh to. tho wrong side of his mouth. o o o . Perth is noft the only place where ghosts have fallen on evil times, however, for there comes a tale from Wigan,, England, which proves that the 'in- formation received' from even a genuine ghost may be as unreliable as that often given to a police in spector, or the tips of our sporting prophets. According to the Wigan story, there died in that locaUty an old dame named Margaret Simms, better known from her saving peculiarities as ' Marget the Miser.' 'Marget' having died, vvas duly buried ; but although it was knqwn that qhe must have had a fir^ely-deYelopp^ \\\ stocking'' while alive, no^race wh.ateyer e.ou.ld be found oi it ciftev death. 0 Q o About a month after «' Margof went undey, her cottage wasrentedby a uewlyMtmrried couple, and about midnight the bride was roused from her rosy dreams by a sharp tap on her alabaster shoulder. This caused her to sit up in bed with a jerk, and then a feeling a-? though slimy snails were crasvling up her spine and potato bugs were nibbling at her toes came over her, for there, by the side of her bed, stood a strange transparent old woman, who gibbered and pointed a fleshless linger to a flagstone on the floor. This was such a novelty in the experi ence of .a bride that the poor young woman hadn't the presence of mind to even ask the ghostly '^a^p.r to take a chair, but rolled over anc] ^'nle^ on, th,e spot. The bridpgroom muf$'*hi&i;\'&'^£-e.fl a, £°o,l «a.rd, however, for' being a^ya^eripd h,y the sickening thud wi^h' whigh rua o'oul's adored flopped over on him, he also sat up, and, seeing the spook, said : — ' Hello, Granny, what's your trouble ?' ' Granny' aimply pointed to the stone again, and then vanished into thin air. The correct thing for the bridegroom fa have done in this instance was to hftvo fiOn^tnunica ted with the Society fqr th,2 4n\\-e8^iQatiftn of Supers natural P.henomena, h,u.t he. was. a practical sort of party, an4 so, after burning a lp,t of feathers undev his bride's nose to 'bring her to,' he got a shovel, dug up the flagBtone indicated by the ghost, and found a tin box containing £400 in good red gold. o o o Nest morning the lucky man gave.his landlord notice that he waB about to leave because he ob jected to having his wife sent into kicking fits by grizsling ghosts, and although the landlord pointed out that the ghost was a ' extra' for which no charge whatever would be made, the young pair cleared off and took their plunder with them. And it ia right here that the abyssmal ignorance and crass 3tupidity of ghosts come in, for every tenant that tiaa since taken the house has been similarly shaken up by dead of night by old ' Marget,' who still pointu with asinine persistency to the sam.e old flag stone. It seems useless to tell her that there is nothing there ; she apparently thinks there is, and wants to set the coins, rolling. One tenant pulled ip the whole floor, c\nd then when he saw the fool ictiued old sjp.ook torao along the next night and soint as usua.1, he was so disgusted that he tried to sang it over the head with a chair, and broke about G3 worth of bedroom ornaments instead. Evidently^ »hosta may labour under hallucinations as gre.^.t 5iQ ' those that come upon people who think they see spirits floating in the air, when in reality the only spirits about are those floating around in their own stomachs. Dern a ghost that doesn't know when, it has been robbed. The greatest chump ever 'taken down' by a Sydney ' confidence' sharper would have more sense than that. ooo Yet another good story from England tells o#\a penurious Rector of a good benefice who recently insisted on ^receiving his tithes in kind. This cauee-3 universal diBgust, and, amongst others, an honest old iarmer, who kept a great quantity of bees, waa exceedingly riled, and determined to get even witlft the covetous cleric. Accordingly he wrapt up one of his hives, full of pugnacious bees, in a thick cloths, and took it to the Rector's haase. Desiring to speak with him, he was shown into the study, where he told his spiritual guide 4/iat he had ten hives, an di ira obedience to the v-,»w order lie had brought him one as his tithe in, kind Then he threw th» 'swarm''' into the t&ickiJo; of the room and hastily withdrew, pulli,ng-to the door and locking it after him, and the1 aes,fc half-hour was without doubt the liveliest ©me? the Rector ever spent on earth. 