An Anti- Messianic Argument. Christians, like the so-called orthodox Jews' worship as the central figure of the faith and their liturgy a personal Messiah, a son of David, a king and redeemer of Israel, as announced by the prophets, they say, 1000 years before the birth of the Christian Messiah, consequently 3000 years before the coming of tue tl eWiSIl JLVXt/BSICUll, VVJ..IU lino ±avjv Vs\juu.\j ji/uf j.u is a matter of belief in both cases, and of belief only and exclusively, for the Bible knows of no such personal Messiah and no such personage was prophesied by the pro phets in Israel. All Bibilical passages taken to be Messianic prophecies can be and have been expounded differently, conveying an entirely different sense than the theological dogmatic one imposed on them, wbich is a delusive mysticism entirely foreign to the religion of Moses and the standpoint of the prophets, the staunch guardians of pure mono theism and the stern teachers of lighteousness. There is no room left either in Moses or the prophets for either the Christian or the Jewish Messiah ; he is a symbolic mystic figure in either system. The Jews from and after the time of Zerubabel, that is 536 B C, as far As we know of them in their literature, both canonical and apocryphal, down to and beyond the final destruction of the temple and altar of. Jerusalem, had no knowledge of any personal Messiah,- and they had certainly a thorough knowledge of Moses and the prophets. The Alexandrian philosophers, Philo included, who was a contemporary of the Christian Messiah, show no trace of such a belief anywhere. Josephus and bis contemporary opponent, Justus of Tiberias, do rot offer anywhere any clue that such a belief existed anywhere in Palestine, that a Messiah was expected to come at any time or had come. In the Mishnan edited late in the 2nd Christian century by Rabbi Jehudah the Prince, where, it is main tained, all the judicial and dogmatic traditions of the Jews are compiled, there is not the least idea of a personal Messiah (except in two apocryphal Mishnoth) ; on the contrary Hillel, the celebrated sire of the prmce, expounded the supposed Mosaic passage, ' The sceptre shall, not depart from Judah,' to refer to the princes of the exile in Babylon and the patriarchs of Palestine. The re-appearance on earth of the prophet Elijah, to expound the Law and the derived laws correctly and justly, seems to have j been in the mind of the editor of the Mishnah. J The first man recorded in the Talmud to have spoken of a Messiah is Babbi Akiba, a contem porary of the emperor Hadrian (138 A.D.) This great teacher declared Simon bar Cochba was the Messiah, to which many of his colleagues objected ; and he evidently was mis taken, for the heroic Simon bar Cochba tell with the city of Bethar, Judea was laid waste by £h« Komans, and its , nationality broken down completely. Then the appeorance on earth of the prophet Elijah, evidently as an anti-Messianic phantom, is noticed frequently in the Talmud. Another Eabbi Hillel in the fourth Christian century declared plainly and apodictically, ' There is no Messiah for Israel.' As a dogma or an article of foith the personal Messiah had no place in the Jewish creed prior to Moses Maimonides, end of the 12th Christian century. There cam be no doubt that all those learned Jews from Zerubabel to Akiba, from Hillel to Maimonides knew the Bible well and strenuously believed every word of the sacred volume. Yet they evidently found no personal Messiah in it ; hence we may say without fear of contradiction, there is no personal Messiah in Holy Writ. It is theological fiction. How did the primitive Christians come to their Messianic idea ? is a fair question. It is one, however, that does not concern us here, in speaking of Judaism, as we do. If we are permitted to guess, we would say this : The Sybilline prophecies, like the book of Henoch, the Revelations of John and similar Grecian Messianic productions were not written in either Palestine or Babylonia, where the Jews were stern believers in Moses. Among the Hellenistic Jews and Gentiles all sorts of spec ulations on Judaism and paganism were rife, symbolising the sacred stories and evaporating the laws. What they could or did make of the story of Davidian dynasty and the pro phetical references to it, there is no telling, for phantasies of that kind evolve from no estab lished principle, hence none can tell how they rise at all, or what form they assume in the phantastic mind. In the countries adjacent to Palestine and partly also in Palestine there were quite a number of Greco-Syrian heathens in whose minds' Judaism and Paganism, re ligion and philosophy became mixed up to a new substance, which by and by chrystallized into, nascent Christianity. It must be borne in mind that Jesus, according to the tradition on both sides, lived for some time in Egypt among, the therapeuts, where the mass of religious ideas was in a state1 of fermentation. We can only guess what he learned there ; Babbi Eliezer ben Ilyrcan says it was necromancy, and the New Testament hints at the mysterious art of healing the sick. Then it must be borne in mind that his disciples were Galilean fishermen who lived right amongst those Greco-Syrian semi-heathens. Again after the. execution of John the Baptist, when actually the function of Jesus as a public teacher began f he fled from the country in which he was not safe any longer. According to the Gospel we find Jesus and his disciples now east of the country and Lake Tiberias, right among the semi-heathens ; then west of the land near or in Phoenicia, and at last north of the country about Cesaria Philippi, always among those semi-heathens. There it was where Peter pro* claimed the master the Messiah against which. Jesus protested ; but the word was out, qn& the master was in the hands of h;s disciples, It is possible enough, it is even probable, that; there existed such a belief among the vulgar ; ' population of Palestine, also as we know thai other superstitions existed among them, such ' f ,. . as ghost stories, exorism and the like. Bufc . the men of learning who speak to us yet through the literature tbey left behind, would not countenance this super-tition of the vulgar and it was kept out of lecord. This s'ate of , things appears to be outlined in the disputesof Jesus with the Scribes, the faith ef the vulgar ; = and- the glorification by the foreign pilgrime-. ?,.- They entertained such Messianic hopes, it -?- seems, but the Scribes and Priests, that h fco say the literary and intelligent class did not. So the nascent Christians may have come to their Messianic belief and so Jesus came to his- ? untimely death. The Jew, however, could have entertained no such Messianic hopes or beliefs, certainly not the literary and intelligent class of Palestinian Jews. Judaism and Mosaism were strictly ? ? identical with them. There is no room in the Mosaic theocracy for any king besides God,, certainly no room for any dynasty or dynastic . claims. The Messiah according to Jews and : Christiana is a kinjr, the heir to the claims of , the Davidian dynasty. Therefore the most rigid Pharisee could not tolerate a Messianic .. dogma in their creed. Furthermore the Messiah is a redeemer with Jews and Ghris ian3, a political redeemer with the Jews, a \;;:' piritual redeemer with the Christians, neither of which those rigid MdSaists could sanction. With them Israel was spiritually redeemed for ever as Moses had told the fathers (Deuteron omy xxxiii, 29) and Isaiah repeated 'Israelis saved by the Lord an everlasting salvation*' The Law and the Prophets teach Israel how to ?be redeemed of sins, iniquities and transgres sions. ? It would have appeared blasphemy to those believers in revelation to acknowledge any redeemer or saviour besides Almighty God Himself. He, Himself, no angel and no other messenger redeemed Israel from Egypt and from Babylon. From the Mosaic stand point, upon which they certainly stood, they €ould no more acknowledge any personal Messiah or redeemer, politically or spiritually, than they could consent to the diviuity of Zeus, Jupiter, Osiris, Baal or Moloch. They re fused this honor to their first redeemer, to Moses, and said with Isaiah 'our redeemer, the Lord of Hosts is His name, is the Holy One of Israel ;*' they could certainly not think of acknowledging any Messiah redeemer. The . -vulgar masses may have entertained such a 'belief, that in time of national distress God might send them a political redeemer, as he did send Moses, Cyrus, the Maccabees and others in their days — the vulgar mass does not reason, it imagines and believes ; the literary an{L intelligent class could not believe in Jesus or any other Messiah and redeemer. So far the historical evidence cited proves that the prophets were not understood to prophesy the coming of any kind of Messiah to Israel or any other nation. Consulting the literacy monu ments of those prophets for ourselves, we arrive at the same result exactly. What is the ?exact signification of the word Messiah ? It is the noun of the verb Mashiacb, which signifies to anoint one with oil, as a symbolic action of appointment or dedication. So Moses an nointed the vessels and furniture of the taber nacle, before this was dedicated. Then he annointed with oil Aaron and his sons, dedi cating them symbolically to the service of the Most High. Therefore the priest is the only person who in the Law of Moses is called Messiah; Mashiach in Hebrew, Christos in ?Greek. Saul, David, and Solomon were anointed by prophets kings of Israel, There fore, they were repeatedly called Messiahs in the books of Samuel and the first books of Psalms. The word or title of Messiah or ?Christ is mentioned no more in Prophets, except in Lamentations, referring to the captive King Johiachin, and in Isaiah speaking of and , to King Cyrus. It follows that no so-called Messianic passage can be taken as such, as nowhere a Messiah or Christ is mentioned. No prophet in Israel ever said that God would send any person, man or woman, to redeem Israel. They, also Jeremiah and Ezekiel, only maintained that a scion of David should occupy the throne after the nation was re deemed, restored, and reorganised ; nor did they call that scion a Messiah. There is no personal Messiah anywhere in the divine oracles of the prophets There could be no Messiah m the oracles of the prophets. They could not and did not advance anything in law or principle which was not in the Law of Moses, in which they firmly believed, and which they expounded according to the demands and the capacity of. the generation to which they spake in the name of God ; and there is no personal Messiah in Moses. These inspired orators were the guar dians of the divine law, with its pure monothe ism, its worship of the only God, its freedom and justice to all, its perfect equality to all, its sovereign dicta of righteousness in the govern ment of the nation, its commandment of love, charity, benefaction and pure humanity for the self-government of the individual. This is the substance of the prophet's pleas, basing their admonitions, exhortations, and instructions always on their firm belief that this is the law of God for Tsrael and all other nations of this earth, for this and all other times ; it is the aim and object of all to reach this lofty position of godliness and righteousness, the mountain of the house of the Lord, where God instructs man in Hi3 ways — to guide them on His path to the sovereign of peace, freedom, justice, virtue and happiness to all in time and eter When those inspired seers prophesied, it was the happiness in store for the good, obedient, and conscientious children of the heavenly Father ; or it was the evil and misery sure to follow the wicked deeds of the nation or the individual! There was no doubt in their minds that such must be the case as sure as the laws of cause and effect in this physical world ; they said ', the mouth of the Lord .hath spoken it.' So those men of God spoke of the future of Israel's treasures of truth and righteousness, and predicted on the same principle the final triumph of truth, redeeming and enlightening all nations, uniting all to a glorious union of humanity, healing all wounds, dripping the balm of Gilead in every sore — all that, how ever, they prophesied without ever mentioning any personal Messiah or any person or angel at all to bring about this golden age. Israel and its Thorah are the only servants of the Lord with them, the only witnesses and messengers of the Most High. The same theologians who transferred the kingdom of God to the heaven above, a ad left this world a forsaken vale of misery aid tears — the same non inspired quasi reasoners took up all the predictions and promises of those God inspired men and clustered it all around one theological fiction, which they called the Messiah, the Christ, the Saviour, the Redeemer, to the Jews the political redeemer, to Christians and Jewish Kabbalists a spiritual redeemer, a strange creation of the phantasy, which is neither GocL nor man and yet is both God and man. Neither this nor any other kind of a personal Messiah has ever existed in the minds and visions of the prophets of Israel. . It was explained often enough how Chris tianity was led out of Paganism to the worship of this theological fiction ; hor does it behove us to discuss this question. The Jews, after the downfall of their country, sanctuary and nationality, in all periods of misery and distresg transformed that theological fiction and made of it a political redeemer. We can well under stand this concatenasion of events and the association of ideas leading to that result What we can not understand is the persis tency of those who, denying the personal Messiah, still maintain that the prophets and ancient Hebrews as they are before us in the sacred volume, entertained such a belief with such hopes and expectations of the coming of a personal Messiah. What we can not under stand is the sfcerotyped expression of the ' Messianic Age,' or the ' Messianic King dom,' persistently used for the golden age, the final triumph of truth and righteousness, by those who deny the personal Messiah. If there is no Messiah, there can be no messianic age and no messianic kingdom. Why do they persistently refuse to call the thing by its right name? What the prophets predicted and Israel always believed is nothing but the final and universal triumph of the God and the Thorah of Israel, and this prophesy is steadily fulfiling itself, as the nations progress from night to light, from might to right, from despotism to humanism, from egotism to altruism, from the dominion of superstition to thekingdom of God— A. Israelite. 