Our Fnthrr’s Cliujreb (Unitarian). BEOOND ANNIVERSARY.- There areaia large congregation at this oborob on Bnnday^ evening, when Mr Alfred J. Taylor delivered an address on Uniurisn belief end teaching. Taking for his text "Prove ell things: bold fast that wbieb is good,” M r Tar lor laid : Unitarian! as |a denomination have no ereed» RVery ttoncregation may have its atatoment, and I think I may fairly say that for the little congregation that worships in this hall from Sunday to Sunday, we adopt the simple statement written by the Ret. 0. G. Ames for the Spring Garden Society, Philadelphia:— " In the lore of the (rath, in the Spirit of Jesns Christ, we join for the worship f God and the service of m an,"for in this confescion is embodied obedience to tbe two great commandments, ” Thou shalt love (he Lord thy God with all ihy heart, end thy neighbor as thyself.” These commandments tom up in eimple language our whole duty to God and man, and we require nothing from those who worship with us but a sinoere defire to live up to their spirit and meaning. “ Unitarianism," writes Samuel A. Eliot, "is not a body of opinion, it is a habit of mind and a principle of conduct. There is no such thing as a Unitarian sect We speak accurately only when we speak of a Unitarian movement. It is the movement away from dogmatic Christianity towards spiritual Christianity Its effort is to realise for humanity a freer and richer life. It endeavors not to destroy, but to fulfil. Like most churches, we have an official handbook in the "Essex Hall Year Book,” and the position of Unitarianism is thus set forth in tbe issue for 1898 :— What is Unitarianism?—-The briefest answer is, that it is that form of Christianity which holds to the primitive faith in the simple Unity of God,—that God is One, not a Trinity ; and which looks upon Jesus Christ as the greatest and holiest of Teachers, but not God. Around this great central position have commonly grouped themselves some other beliefs of hardly less importance. Thus Unitarians regard Man as the child of God—not " fallen ' and totally depraved, but only slowly rising; Salvation, as deliverance from sin, includ- towards goodness and God; Heaven and Hell—not separate worlds, but what men make of their own lives, both in this world and tbe world to come, while in no world can man ever go beyond the love and goodness of God. Unitarians, also, while reverencing the Bible as the text-book of religion, have always regarded it (and in this they no longer stand alone, for the more thoughtful scholars in all Churches are now taking much the same ground) as the records of God's gradual revelation of his truth and will,—but human records, to studied with perfect freedom in order to distinguish the Divine from the merely human. This is the common position of Unitarians. This is their general way of looking at the snbject of religion. But while, there is quite as much agreement am ong them as among th e members of any other group of churches, Unitarians have no formal creed, They do not shape these beliefs into any set authoritative form which must “ be accepted either by churches or individuals, but urge upon all to think for themselves, and leave their churches entirely open to the reception of new truth'* Many people are under the impression that Unitarians deny and ignore the Christ altogether, and this is a very general ground of prejudice against us on the part of those who never attend our services, never read our literature, and take any care to understand our position. The very basis of our claim to be recognised as Unitarians is our claim to being Christians; for we hold that the Christ emphasised the teaching of the Hebrew law giver that " the Lord our is One,” Vrheu he affirmed that there is one God and Father of us all; and we hold, further, that the most loyal Christians are those who follow his teaching in this as in other things. It should be remembered that it was not until some 300 years after Christ that the Trinitarian creed was arrived at, and proclaimed as th e authoritative religion of the Christian church. Those of us who have shaken ourselves free from the trammels of this creed have not left the Christ, but we have really gone back to him, and humbly seek in all things to follow him as our dear Lord and Master. I am quite aware, of course, that texts or Scripture — quoted separately and without regard to other passages in the Bible, or the light of recent criticisms that clearly indicate their meaning are constantly being quoted to demonstrate that Christ was Deity as well as man; but it only requires a little study to show how useless such passages are to prove anything of the kind. ‘‘It has been calculated,” writes the Rev. W. Copeland Bowie, whose kindly letter from tbe British and Foreign Unitarian Society I read to you a few Sundays ago, “ that there are upwards of 3000 texts in the Bible which teach the unity of God, while there is not which clearly teaches that there are three Gods in one. Such words as ‘ Trinity,' ' God the Son,' ‘ God the Holy Ghost,’ ‘ 'Triune God,' 'First,' ' Second,' or ' Third Person ' are nowhere to be found in the Old or New Testament There are nearly 500 passages in the Gospels and Epistles which declare that the Father is absolutely or pre-eminently God ; not one in which Christ or any other personality is so described : and among the 2300 passages in the New Testament in which the word God occurs, there is not a single passage which necessarily implies the existence of more than one person in ths Godhead." A gentlemen asked me the other day if I did not consider it a strange thing that the Churches, as a rule, make no use of the revised version of the Bible in their pulpits. Perhaps an explanation may be found in the fact that one particular verse which seemed to give color to the Trinitarian dogma, is not to be found in Revised version. I refer to the verse " There are three that be sacred ln Heaven ; The Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, and these three are one" I. John’ v., 7. It is not to be found in the Revised Version, because it has been proved to be an interpolation—proved in the fact that the words are not contained in the more ancient manuscripts. The words, ” Who being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God ’ (Phili. xi., 6} now read in the Revised Version, "Who being in the form of God counted it not a prize (or a thing to be grasped at) to be on an equality with God." " I and the Father are one,” is a passage that naturally occurs to the mind when the question of a Trinity is raised. It was once quoted to me by a late judge of our Supreme Court as evidence in point, I reminded His Honor that to get a correct interpretation of law it was often necessary to read a number of Acts of Parliament together, and that if he would only turn over a few pages from the text he had referred me to he would find this prayer (clearly indicating the sense in which Christ had used the words quoted against me)—"That they may all be one even as thou, Father, art in me and I in thee. , , , that they may be one even as we are.” The Rev. B. R. Hodges has made the following calculations: "The New Tes tament contains 1800 passages which clearly state that God is a Being quite distinct from Jesus, while there are only nine ambiguous and disputed texts which are supposed by the ' orthodox' to teach the deity of Christ. Jesus is called the Son of God ' 130 times, the 'Son of Man', 80 times, the ' Sent of God' 66 times, simply man 40 times, and a ' prophet ' 19 times. There are 441 passages which declare the Father to be pre-eminently God ; 240 which describe the inferiority of Jesus to the Father; and 450 peculiar epithets applied to God, none of which are ever applied to Jesus ” We call ourselves Unitarian, not because we delight in names that savour of sectarianism, but to-indicate our line of teaching as distinct from the teaching of those who preach a Trinitarian creed that we fail to find in the Bible, and that is opposed to the intelligence which God has bestowed upon us, and by the exercise of which He would undoubtedly have us judge all things. It does not follow because ships which meet at sea may throw out flags of different nationality that they are at enmity with each other, and working at cross purposes. Neither does it follow because we preach and worship under a name that indicates our line of belief that we stand aloof from others who cannot see eye to eye as we see, or wish to separate ourselves from them ii religions services or secular work. We make no effort to force our faith upon any men. Men of all creeds and denominations may worship with ns with no qtbe)|*ire**leid upon them than having to listen to the preaching of the Truth as we see it—and we give to them the right hand of fellowship, asking no questions, recognising only in their presence with Us a desire that we share io coinmoo, to draw nearer te God, the one Father of an all. We endeavor to show onr friends that w® have solid ground for the posi tion we have taken np, hoping to remove • ffiirnaderstanduigoitbatpositionthatwe know exists in many minat. Bnt there is no thunder from onr pnipite or threats in onr forms of serrioe that nnless they believe ss we believe they must certainly he condemned and perish everlastingly. While thus considerate of the feeling* and beliefs of others, we do cot fail to epesk boldly onr convictions regarding snch questions as the Diety of Christ, the doctrine of the Trioity, Eternal punishment, the probtem of evil, the working of God’s providenoe in the liebt of evolution, the purpose of man's existenoe end bis drsljny beyond the limits of his life upon earth. But Truth being many sided, we make due allowatice for those who cannot look at soy or all of these qoetfcions from tbe standpoint occo p —only asking in re taro that they, too, will give ns credit for tbe sin. cerity we so freely accord to them, *' Come and let ns reason together ” is onr intitatioh to th&iewbo; wonld like to direass these subjects with n s ; and they may rest assured that each question shall be discussed as far as w« are concerned~-oot with a desire for victory bnt with a eingle eye to thei Trath that we bold eaored above all things, and that all men should aim »fter. To briefly sum np a few Unitarian Affirmations aod I cannot better d b . so better than by quoting the words of onr (riend M r Bowie i — ” Unitarians believe in the unity, j tica, and love of God. This faith is cl_ firmed by re*son and conscience, and by tbs deepest experiences of the noblest men who have ever lived. “ Unitarians believe that the gospel of tbe Fatherhood of God and the Brotherhood of Man, as taoght by Jesas, is religion at its highest and best. Tbe true disciples of the Prophet of Nsssreth are those who have faith in God, who possess pure hearts, and who lead useful Jives. 41Unitarisos believe that God spoke Co man in olden times throngh prophets, apostles, acd saints, and that H® continues to speak to every listening sonl throngh tbe order of the Universe, tbe monitions of consoienee, the words of tbe wise, aod tbe example ef the good. " U nitarians bslieve th a t all w ho fo r­ sake their evil thoughts and deeds, who sincerely desire D ivine inspiration and gaiaasce, and w ho strive to live pore, unselfish jives, will be received into G od's K incdom both here at.d hereafter. Unitarians believ* that tbe dircoverissof modern science, and the pro1 gress of knowledge, should bring joy, not dismay,to man'a aonl. As errors and super- Unions are destroyed s way is prepared fora nobler type of religion. ‘‘U nitarians believe th a t G od will provide a higher life and a happier hom e for all his c h ild ren ; (h a t somewhere, sometime, somehow, T roth will w in tbe vietory over falsehood, and Love will cast o a t hate.” The wbole trend of opinion ia onr churches,” writes the Rev. R. A. Armstrong in bis "Principles ana Ideals of Unitarians” " h is been towards simplicity. The Unitarianism now prevailing with us is (he simplest, os I believe u also to be the traest and the sublimest form of •.'hristisn faith. O ar process of development bt« been a gradual throwing off of secondary doctrines and aftrallel concentration of emphasis on the central fact of religion, the eternal relation between God and m*a. ” Aioand that supreme and central toot historical Ohriitisnily has ranged all kind of outworks, which have been thought to be safeguards of the central troth liaelf. That the Catholic has set up the infallibility of the Obureh. The kas set up the infallibility of the Bible. Oatholio and Protestant alike have set np the doctrine that God can only be approached through Lbe historic Christ, and have even elevated Ohrist btmaelf to Deity that men might feel they could approach the Father through that gate outy. These and many other of the outworks of tbe central citsdel of religion we Unitarians have gradually given up. . . These things have slipped away from our minds just in proportion as brighter, aod stronger, and iQUer, end surer has been borne in upon our miods the assurance of the central f*5Lo f.r.®l,«/0D* lb® ®o® transcendent tenth which is the religion of the Lord's Prayer and the sermon on the Mount, and the whole aeries of (he parables-w ith that of tbe Prodigal 8oo at their head— the transcendent, all-encompassibg truth that God is onr father, and we are his children. Ac more and more we have realised all that that supreme affirmation contains, bow it opens np tbe brotherhood of man, the infinite care of God for each and every soul, the power of every aoul to enter into direet communication with God . . as a little child with its loving parent, I «ay all the dogma* which were supposed to eafeguard this central esse; *s of the teaehingof Jesus, but have in fact obscured it and distorted it, have melted away from our minds, leaving us faoe to face and heart to heart with 4he infinite and eternal love." At the oonolosion of tbe service Mr Taylor congratulated the Oburoh upon having attained its seoond anniversary. The whole weight of conducting Services dunog tbe past 12 month had devolved tipon himself and Mr Lovell; but he was pleased to be able to say that no serr ees had been missed. This was largely due to tbe eooo&ratfement; given by the regular attendance of the congregation. During the year their numbers bad increased, Uiey had paid their way, and they were hopeful for tbe fature. A very handsome organ had been presented to the Oburoh, they were indebted to the Australian ObarQb for the hymn books aed forms of service used. A sum of £10 bad been voted to th:m by the British and Foreign Uniterisn Association, wbioh would enable them to arrange for tome special service* during the holiday season, and he hoped sooa to receive a supply of Unitarian literature for distribution. A handsomely bound copy of the Revised version of the fioriptures for the pulpit had been forwarded to them from London through Mr W . Shelly. They owed their bait tbonka to Mrs 8belly for her Invaluable servioes as organist, to (he ladies who so kindly decorated the church with flowers every Sunday, aed te M r Holt for his regular end thoughtful care of the comfort of the congregation. Mr 8, O. Lovell expressed his plea* iuw ataeem g auoh e large attendance, Unitarian congregations were notusoaijy large, and this might be too°unted for in the fact tb it they had nothing in the nature of "emotional” religion to offer to the people. They were content to preaoh the religion of daily duty. It was satisfactory to notice how other chnrcbes bad appropriated tbe,spirit of their teaching, and tbe advancement in religions thought that had been mftde was well illustrated in-the growing aeeeptanoe of Biblical criticism. The Treasurer (M r W. Shelley) read a very aatiafaolory statement, showing (bat the year closed with a balance to Credit after meeting all expenses onrred. On the notion of M r Holt Messrs Taylor, Shelley, Lovell, Winterson, and Holt were elected znmbereoEComniittef, and afterwards in Committee Mr Lovel) was unanimously elected Chairmen and Mr Winterson fieoretsry-and Treasurer for the year. Messrs Taylor and Lovell were sppcioted Trustees for churofa property._________________ 