MISCELLANEOUS WORKS. Mr. W. Clark Russell, the popular sea novelist, haa written a book entitled "Pic tures from the Life of Nelson" (London: James Bowden), which will serve as an in troduction to the fuller accounts of the career of England's foremost naval hero which are to be found in the works of Cap tain Mahan and Professor Laughton. The chief battles and operations of Nelson are described, chiefly in the words of eye-wit nesses and contemporaries, while many sketches and incidents are given that throw light upon the personal character of the great seaman. The fighting work is little more than a compilation, and there are few, if any, traces of the author of the best | sea stories of our day. Indeed, when Mr. j Russell writes in his own proper person he j is not always particularly happy. The fol-1 lowing piece" of fine writing^referring to ! Lady Hamilton, is in anything but good taste:- ! "All this . Neapolitan business in Nel- j son's life makes ft melancholy and sicken-! ing reading. The page is haunted by a faint, insufferable odour- decayed perfume nauseating ftromas, such as the ghost ofa courtesan might waft to your.physical nos tril from an immaterial handkerchief in her misty grasp. Music as mournful as the wailing of madness, and as dim as the voice of one encaverned, murmurs from the pages as you read, and lo! a vision of ghostly Court fiddlers doing honour to Nelson with quivering elbows rises before you; and Nelson, with'Lady Hamilton bv hifi side, seems to like it; but he doesn't" The book contains eight full-page illus trations of the most striking events in Nel son's life, and a photogravure from Hopp-, ner's famous portrait now in possession of Her Majesty the Queen. Mr. Clement Shorter, the well-known journalist, has written a useful little book j entitled "Victorian Literature: Sixty Years ; of Books and Bookmen" (London: James j Bbwden). Itis a condensed Bummary of the literature of .the reign under the four headings, ."The Poets," "The Novelists," "The Historians," The Critics," every writer of note being mentioned, wiUi the dates of his birth and death, and the names of his chief works,. Of the greatest-writers of the period brief biographical notices are given. Mr. Shorter'e list of authors it very complete, scarcely any deserving of record being omitted. Among the roriten of boya' books Mr. W. XL G. Kingston i« referred to, but Mayne Beid and B.M. BaBaatyne, whq tt^ qoite 'aid great favourites Sfrtitefe vitenotmeaitiott^ J| t viV: -?? ??yy S' speakcrfHarrison Aissworth as-a "writer for boys?". Forty or fifty years agtftfc o answer would Oertainly have been is the negative. A line or two might hate been given to James Grant, the prolific and once highly popular military novelist. We also DUBS any reference'to Dii Manner and the extraordinary success of "Trilby," and to Mr. Gilbert and his "Bab Ballads." Mr. Shorter's criticisms are generally sound and sensible^ though here end there all readers may not agre^ with his judgments. It is hardly correct to say that "Sydney Smith left nothing ttat we can read to-day. He lives as a pleasant memory." "Peter Plymley's Letters" will long be read by lovers of English literature, if not by the general public, and Mrs. Partington attempting to sweep back the Atlantic with her mop has taken a permanent place in the phraseology of all subsequent politicians and journalists. Many readers, too, will dissent from Mr. Shorter's approval of the extrava gant opinion of Wordsworth expressed by Matthew Arnold, who placed the lake poet on a level with Shakespeare and Milton, assigning to Byron and Shelley a secondary rank. He is nearer the mark when he says "To be dead to the charm of Matthew Arnold's 'Selections from Wordsworth' is to care" nothing for poetry. To appreciate with any measur&p;^enthusiasm the twelve vol Ones of Wordjworth's collected writings js equally to hav| one's sense of true poetry deadened and dtetfoyed." Taken as a whole, Mr. Shorter's little volume is probably the best compendium of Victorian literature that the jubilee year has produced. In their Biographical Dictionary the firm of W>. and B. Chambers Limited (London and Edinburgh) have added to reference libraries a most compendious and useful work. WhUe sonywbat less in bulk than Mr.Cates's Dictionary of General Biography -the standard work of its kind till now, brought out by Messrs. Longmans and Co. 30 years ago-it is considerably wider in scope, ^.embracing, in the words of the editors, not only acknowledged celebrities, but the "little somebodies and the great nobodies." Moreover, it has the inestim able advantage of being absojgtely up to date. This praise must certainly be awarded to a volume which, notwithstanding the fact that its preparation was no light ttiatter-it contains 1,000 closely-printed pages-has taken note of such recent events as the Diamond Jubilee, the capture of Sir Ellis Ashmead Bartlett by the Greeks, the publication of Mr. Hall Caine's latest novel, and the mad venture of Andree, the balloon ist. Very careful search, too, has been made in the by-ways of information. The dictionary tells us the lately-discovered truth about the Cabots, father and son, and gives the praise where it is deserved. In a few pithy lines we are told of Mr. Andrew Lang's quite recent identification of Alas tair Ruadh Macdonell with the notorious "Pickle." The exposure is accepted as authoritative. -"One hundred and thirty five years after his death," we read, "Mr. Lang proved him to have been from 1752 and earlier a vile Hanoverian spy upon his fellow-Jacobites." All through the writers in this volume cultivate the gift of terse ness to some purpose. The gist of Fried rich Nietzsche's revolutionary philosophy, for example, is admirably summed up in half-a-dozen lines. Of no small importance, too, is the fact that the system of cross references is well nigh perfect. We can find under pseudonyms or noma de plume the persons we are in search of, and where the information given in a limited space needs supplementing careful references are supplied to easily-available authorities. The work has been altogether admirably planned and carried out, and is certain to win a permanent place upon the shelves of every well-found library. 