Short Story. The Spawn of Fortune. flOondnded.) TThe stranger bad started to bis feet, Ms eyes great and full of fire, ibis bands ol inched above (his head. Whirling round and f&aing; Arthur Brackenbrldge he demanded: " Why would you kill yourself ?'* " I hare lost any fortune, and-" " Witat Is tlhat ? You talk of cowards! I thought you raliaolt, you thought youtscflf so I Bah t wby waste good powder and ball. You fear to live be cause, perahance, your drcumstflncos may not be quite so pleasant as for merly. Sordid eoward." " It's not altogether a matter of tmtney," faltered the young man. The stranger kept his eyes fixed upon him. " There's a warrant-" " Then you are a criminal ?" " No, 1 am not." " Why iBhe wairant ?" "My partner has landed us both in fraudulent bankruptcy-" " Are you Innocent ?" " Absolutely." " And you fear V "Well, there Is as much shame as /ear-" " You arc vain as well as a coward." "To be the principal in a criminal Uriel Is no pleasant experience; at least, I So I gaitiher from the newspapers." The heavy man sat down again and cased at Brackenbrldge contemptu ously. "Young (man, vrihat a craven you would have me believe you. Your cowardice Is eo great <OStit you are ?will ing to stamp yourself guilty by self murder rather than face your accusers and confound them. On my soul I am surprised you ventured out alone to kill yourself. J should 'have thought you ?wouM bftve implored same one to came with you' while you tbok the leap In the dark. Why were you given youth, Btrentfib, "healtfh, good strong arms and sound heart If they were sot Intended to overcome obstaHes ? Think ! would It not be gVeater Car to step out before theworM say,'Here am I, an bonost min; where are my accusers T rather than to lie on the floor of a railway car riage "With a -wreath of powder-smoke' foracrown V " Yes, but you see, my dear sir, to-day there has been a focussing of all that is unfortunate for me. My whole fortune Is gone; the fact (that It has been lost Causes die police to 4 want* me, and the fact that the police ' want' me has lost me-well-" "xOut -with H 1 Lost you what ?" Arthur Brackenbrldge did not Intend to say more, but -Che stranger's com manding gate and Imperative question l»ft him powerless Do resist At #very station lie pmyed that some one would enter the compartment, but the Under ground la a contrary One. No one dis tuifeed flhem. " What else bare you lost?" demanded the beavy main ?" "Well, to 'out with It' as you ask the glfl to whom a am engaged-or . tbk stranger threw back his 'head and bust into a flood of laughter Vrtiereln there was no ghost of a trace of nrirtb. ' Btadterfb ridge felt Indignant at ttie sarcastic levity of his new found ' confbatant, but said nothing. "<31ri," fhe heavy man shouted. " Fine gUfl, (indeed, that will break her promise because you've-lost a pound. She gave, you her word and now tells you to your ftace thblt rihe will not keep tt" " She fate not I tell you she -" \- "But you .have just Whis minute said As told yon to go about your busl " I said nothing of the sort." " Then how know you tbat you have lost ber V Bracketffortdge was silent " Let ur be honest one to the other. Answer me : How knew you 7" " Her guardian, her aunt, told me." "My young Mend, take the advice of one who has seen, experienced, learned. Have no dealings with a woman through a woman-never. Give me What revolver you have In your breast pocket" . The revolver was weakly passed over. " Now we are coming to Bail's Court .Station. Get out; be a man ; walk up to Dhe first policeman you meet-or, bet ter still, ball a hansom, and tell cabby to drive to "the nearest police station. Say to the inspector, ' I bear there 4s a warrant out for me. 1 have come to give myself up, If you want me.'" " By George 1 1 don't like to do tt, you know->1 swear I don't; but I sup pose your advice is good. I must say 1 do not fancy passing through the ma <!blnery of justice-the stinking police cells end maybe the stinking Old Ralley and the stinking Holloway as well. Don't like the idea, 1 say." " Nonsense. 1 have 31ttte doubt that 'youtl find the plank bed In the erfls, more entertaining at least than the* stone slab of the morgue." "Don't speak of H, sir-not another word. I Qradn't thought of that, 'pon my soul-I taduS. You make my flesh creep." The Stranger grinned for the flVsf thne. Ai'thur Bratkeribildgo readied for <hla hat, and reluctantly left Hie carriage. He stood for a moment, his bade to the compartmenlt and ihls band still on the door. Turning, he said : "Yes, you're right. Ill do it; I'll give myself up and Bee what becomes of me. My name is Brackenbrldge; you .will, without a doubt, see It appear often enough On the newspapers during the next month or so. But, whatever becomes of me, you, sir, have saved my life. Whether you Ware done me a good turn or an evil one -has yet to be seen ; but to-night, st least, I am grateiful, very grateful. That slab keeps recur ring to my nflud, you know, and-1well, good- bye, my friend, and God blesB you, Sir. God Mess you I" The two men clasped teinds, gazing Into one another's face earnestly and long. The train started with Its usual .wracking jerk. The heavy man sat huddled In the corner, Ms brows contracted, arms fold ed, and hta eyes fixed on his dnnclng foot The train arrived at nnd departed from West Kensington Station. He slipped his hand Into his breast pocket, and slowly drew forth the rernflvor. The muMfle smelt blood; It looked blood. Without one glance- at flic, weapon, but 'handling It as a usurer handlws a gold ornament, he muttered : "Taken one life, saved one life. Surely the one shotild balance the other. But lie says 1 No, jiot one life, but two you have taken-two 1 two I your vic tim's and your own.' I believe he Is as cMlt to v>7 cm® m I wai Id bit, and tlie balance Is (lRiilnsI me, asnlnst mo hopelessly apalnnl ine ; auralnHt me now and for all eternity, lie .said to jne, ' God'bleas you, sir !' 1 think thai In I>1' gooil onion. Ho Is (ho hsi I .shall meet ou tlk'l« earth, aud 'ho wild ' Uod bless you, sir!'" With hla t'liuinli he drew back tlio hammer of the weapon until It "clicked" twice. " I may ah well ontl my flight by In stautaneouidy piminpr myself out of ren<?li of my pursuer* ; ami It l« bettor tlwt I do it witli 'flu' yourip man's tvonLs rliitfini; In ui.v care, lie was llylii^ to his death; I from mine. IIo found life; 1 And-" ,A't Hauvmcrmiiitli 8-tailon Clio travel lers by Hie train paflu'red round rhe compartment, to wtand tip-toe and peer Into It while tllie jrn.ir«ls were lifting t'lio corpse up from lt« sorrowful col lapse ; and uext morning's papers con tained the news of tlie suicide of tlie Ura.v'n Inn murderer and the anv.si of Arllinr Bmckeiibrldge.-" 'J ho hud gate." 