QN THE LAND. From the beginning of things in Aus tralian history, we have been familiar with the cry of "Get tlie people ou the land." Mr. Oarruthers is not much more earnest and energetic to-day tbau was Governor Lligli o l,,, -ui fori vines nj-n. Everv Governor aud every responsible Minister, indeed, lias ack nowledged the desirability, aud felt tlie need, of promoting agricultural settlement, and many and various have been tlie means used and the inducements offered. The success achieved has not been proportionate to effort aud inducement, and it may be of some present interest to look for a cause. The two main essentials of success seem always to liave been witli lis; we have land of thu right sort, and from very early days at least we have had people of the right breed. No doubt whatever about the land. Broadly, it may lie stated that no country in the world offers more of natural advan tage to a prosperous and almost infinitely vuried agriculture. On the heights of Mon aco and New England we have conditions which approximate those of the Lotliians of Scotland; iu our coastal ureas from Bega to the Tweed we can, as regards climate and soil, challenge comparison with Devon shire or Kent, or southern France or Al geria; aud iu the wide west we do not seek in vain for all-round circumstance favor able as that which makes both intense cul ture aud prairie farming prosperous and progressive iu America. And yet we do not boom. Our development and growth in tliis way are not what tlioy might and should be. The land is taken up fast enough, but is it settled, aud iu such style as Australians witli the future of their country at heart would desire? The reply of every thoughtful observer must be a negative; and then comes most necessarily anil urgently tlie question, why not? Mr. Valder, of the Hawkesbury College, touched tlie skirts of this subject when, at the Nepcnn show, lie spoke of the higher aspects of tlie agricultural life, but it. is a long look up from the ordinary free selec tor or "cockatoo" to Ml'. Calder." The whole world nowadays, said tlie college principal, honored those who earned their living by fanning. The man between the stilts of tlie plough, or the woman cooking In the slab hut, may doubt, this assertion, and the ordinary farm band in the bush will pro bably' deny it witli emphasis. They are pro foundly convinced that their conditions are not such as to beget honor amongst their fellows; to which Mr. Valder may reply that they are neither fanners nor farming men, aud that is too true. We want farm ers and farmers' men in tlie land, and we should welcome most cordially any and every means which tends to breed, to bring, aud to keep them here. Mr. Valder's way is undoubtedly good. Diffusion of a sound aud practical science of agriculture nipst be our foundation of success. Mr. Cnmilbers' anil Mr. Sydney Smith's ways are' also good. Men must bo able, to get ou tbo laud, and in many instances must be aided to got at tlie water which flows beneath the laud. The way of Sir John Robertson was also good In its time, and the ideas of Mr. Deakin and tlie Clmffey Brothers in Victoria promised a new and glorious era in tim rural life of the continent. That which may. with a good deal of reason, be called tlie way of Mr. Fateson, of the Fresh Food and Icq Company, is also good. There seem, indeed, to be qbumlant ways and many travellers in them all; but cau it be truthfully said that tlie majority have rea ched, or tire likely to get, home. The word must bo understood in its fnllest souse, aud vv itli all that it implies of security, con- tout, and the hquiagu of munkipd, which, as Mr. Valder says, is ready for bestowal. Records of transfers, memories of deserted and worked -out districts, recent experi ences of ' new settlements, and of actual present conditions, jib not justify comfort ing or satisfactory replies. Generally speak ing. farming is the laborious, aud the uncer tain, and the undesirable life of thu land. It lias its purple patches, but the familiar tone is a monotonous and dreary grey. Aud the change we desire will be wrought ra ther by tlie infusion of a general and gene rous warmth of color aud tono than by the establishment of gilded lures ahead. The farming life must always be laborious, but need it lie unu unbroken round of drud gery? An eight-hours system is Impos sible, aud each day .brings certain duties which cannot he put off; but tlie world's experience goes to show that a little effort and organisation cap afford a good deal of relief, and let in a fair quantity of the color and warmth which are desired. The wisdom of tlie world devised YYhiisim Ales and Easter Fairs, bean feasts and club feasts, harvest' and hay homes; anil though Yule is deeper in its origin, it was and is so managed as ,lo specially brighten tlm rural life of most elder lands. America organised her heartening and wholesome Thanks giving out of profound conviction of tin; necessity of festival, hut we in Australia have never recognised conviction of that sort. Not the ghost of n vintage least even has gladdened the heart of the real work ers; ami the "shearers' hall" or .shearers' races are very inadequate for tlie rejoicing which should ni- cutiqiany the annual gath ering of the Golden Fleece. It is not easy to suggest initiative and innovation, desirable and calculated to be permanent "Chores," as I lie Americans say, hobble tlie farmer on every holiday. Far mers' friends should consider how far chores might ho minimised, and farmers' friends, amongst' whom we iucludo every true friend of that which must for decades be the main support aud chief industry of Australia, might well consider a few other and larger mutters suggested here, and rat'her as sub jects for soriqus thought than for rash ef forts at hasty solution. Compare, on this and every HaUirduy afternoon, tho life of Tom. working oil the farm, with that of brother Jack, employed In oilice or store in town. Curry ou tho comparison to .Sunday, aud to all tho recognised holidays of the year. Look next at tho life of tlie farming hand. Such Where are, and such it may be trusted there ever will lie, and in increasing numbers, in tlie land. Compare his pay, his food, his accommodation, Ills services, with those of any man of similar ability and character employed in town. If the true bed-rock of fact is readied, tlie compurlsou to moat people will be startling, and it; will lie a good cause of thanksgiving if tlie surprise created becomes the seed of a gen eral interest whose harvest will lie always progressive reform. It is exactly this quick public interest, following naturally on a . general grasp of actual facts, which is necessary to strengthen the hands of Minis ters too easily cowed by rancorous criticism and venomous parly attack. It is in- the best interests of (lie colony Hint they should go on boldly, aiding every development, fa cilitating every labor, ameliorating every hardship of agricultural life; and if thoso whose concern is specially with the men tal and spirtual welfare of tlie people would join with cordiality anil zest, tlie way to tho end desired might be rendered still more open. 