QUERENT TOPICS, " t Several Items In our cable news to-day go to show that America has fully entered Into the European happy family, and that her policy of -non- interference Is defunct. In the Orst place, there is the protest of the United States Minister at Pekin against any further extension of the French concession at bnang- hni, on the ground of such extension Involv ing interference with American riparian rights. Which, In this case, probably means with American ship-building yards on the banks of the Shanghai River. This talks to France. The stationing of the U.S. warBhlp Yosemite at Guam is a polite hint to Ger many that America Intends to dispose of the Caroline Islands without reference to . King or Kaiser. The fact that America Intends to convert Hawaii Into a powerful naval baBe, capable, In conjunction with the naval bases at Manila and 'Frisco, of controlling the Pacific, Is a proclamation to all whom It may conoern that the American Eagle is soaring. The -numerous Christmas greetings sent to England from public meetings In the United States is a message to the world that John, and' Jonathan are cousins once again. Jona than never does things by halves! The Premier's publishedChrlstmas greetings to the various Australian Premiers show, that he still retains his normal command of lan guage; for, though he has despatched several messages, no two of them are couched In the same words, and Christmas beef, pudding, and whisky do not admit of great variety of treatment. it is really affecting, however,' to perceive by the messages that not even, such thrilling matters as good eating and drinking can totally detach the Premier from that! dearest wish of his heart— Federation! To Sir George Turner he expresses the fond hope that "You and I will 'be found working heartily together In the coming year in the cause of union." New South Wales will as heartily say "Amen!" to that, but may, like the Scotchman, add, "I hae ma doots!" We must" all rejoice that the drought has practically been broken up throughout the west., Sydney people, however, to the ma jority of whom the great subject of lack of' moisture hardly comes properly home, will view with dismay the weather- prospects for the Christmas holidays. The climate we are now experiencing would be perfectly season able, say," for England, where raw, cold, damp days in the Christmas week merely lidd' to the festivities of the season by enabling the Briton to take additional subsistence, solid and liquid, without excessive injury to his valuable constitution. A Christmas like the present Is, however. In sunny Sydney,, the exception, and not the rule. Those of our people who, with the Idea of evading the summer heats,, have rushed to Tasmania or elsewhere might have saved their money and enjoyed nil the blessings of an Antarctic cli mate/ by stopping at home. W. W. Astor has won the wager he made last (American) spring with. General , Owen Williams, that he would dine 27 persons around the trunk of a redwood tree.-. This is possibly just , one of those Items of information for which, an excited world pines, and which should take precedence of all such compara tively Insignificant matters as wars and ru mours of wars, scientific discoveries, litera ture, now Inventions, and the rest. Still, some thing seems to be lacking even about this re markable piece of Intelligence. Why only 27 persons; why not 270? There seems no good and sufficient reason why the entire popula tion of the globe' might not be dined "around" that particular tree, or any selected tree. We naturally expect from a millionaire like Astor something a little out of the common. . Now, had he dined 27 persons on the trunk of the tree the feat might have been better worth recording.. "It Is an 111 wind that blows, no one any . good." We should, therefore, be pleased that ' though the inclemency of the season has marred for most people the Christmas holi day,., the burglar and the confidence mnn have been having, a good time. Despite warniiigB that the criminal fraternity would be lively at this time, of year, making some ' provision for the coming winter, the usual number of people seem to have -left their -houses empty. and unguarded, with the result that there Is the usual tale of\Chrlstmas rob beries to tell. When our people learn or dinary. qautlon the way of the transgressor will be made considerably harder to him than It now Is. The Prohibition Party may be composed of very earnest .Individuals, but they should wake up to a sense of the fact that the de sire for stimulants of some kind, and the knowledge of their- beneficial .'ctluii when used In moderation, seem to be Instinctive In all but the very lowest races of mankind. The Moslems certainly abstain from alcohol, but in coffee and opium they have stimulants better suited to the peoples of hot countries. In the first two ramies of civilisation not only Is there no race which uses no stimulants, but It Is a fact that the complexity and variety of stimulants used increase directly with the development of the civilisation. Byron said: Man, being a rational animal, must get drunk —In moderation, of course. Sicily and Mr. Fateson have, in conjunction with a lemon grove at Kenthurst, just given the fruit-growers and packers a valuable les son. Sicily has shown for yetirs that good fruit properly packed travels across the world without any mishap whatever. The Kentliurst grower has shown that lemons as good as anything In the world can be grown here. And Mr. Pateson has proved by prac tical demonstration that the most perishable of all fruits (passion fruit) can be sent to London from here without appreciable loss of even a shade of Its bloom, at the cheapest rate. The combined lesson should move our fruit-growers and packers to get on the right road. When It comes to a matter of administra tive responsibility it Is somewhat doubtful If even Dogberry himself could rise to the si tuation with more promptitude or ablllty tban our present Minister for Works. For example, when the shamefully limited area of the Redfern Railway Station was under discussion. Mr. Young authoritatively de clared that "when the Railway Commission ers thought there was any real danger to life and limb It was their duty to stop the traffic or reduce It."' Could anything be bettor, from a comic opera point of view, than this inspired suggestion to "stop the traffic?" Nothing so admirable and surprisingly novel has been heard since the day that the irre claimable toper observed. "Whenever I find that drinking grog Interferes with my busi ness I at once give up my business." To say that Minister Young Is behind the age is, to put the case far too mildly. He should' have been in ofilce -Cvhen the mighty megatherium trod the earth, and the Ichthyosaurus plough ed the sea, and the hairy old cave men form ed themselves Into an Anti-Progress Asso ciation and shouted "Down with reform! What was good enough for our ring-tailed ancestors Is quite good enough for us!" A wise and patriotic Minister would move Heavon and earth to increase the railway traffic, but then such a person would be wholly out of place In the Reld Government. Perth seems to have Bettled her elty rail way difficulty, while we are Btlll pondering ever ours. A commission has taken the affair in band, and furnished Its report, and there is little doubt that Sir John Forrest will push the business through In characteristic style. Now, the necessity of Perth in this matter Is trivial In comparison with our own. The whole city is not yet ..either so big or so populous us one of Sydney's main subilrbs. It is the very bigness of the thing which causes the trouble here. Necessity, opportunity, and pri vate interests are all with us proportionate, and on the gigantic scale, while, most un happily, only very little men have the handl ing of them. ' Little minds peddling about gieat concerns appear to us still, and, from what inkling we have been permitted to re ceive, the scheme to be shortly submitted has all the characteristics of littleness. Wretched compromise, tentative, and yet obnoxious trespass, and ultimate Inadequate service were foreshadowed through the Premier's pre liminary remarks, which, however, may have been only In the way of preparing us for a glorious surprise. The difference between the French and the F.ngllsh armies may to a certain extent be guuged toy the fact that the authorities of the former nation are afraid to give their soldiers the franchise, while English soldiers, other wise qualified to vote, have long possessed it. At the same time, as only an absurdly Incon siderable minority of English soldiers — those living out of barracks "with leave"— have the residential qualification, the direct influence of the British rank and file on elections Is In finitesimal. But their Indirect Influence Is greater, especially In country districts, where a soldier Is regarded as a travelled man and a "seholard," and one capable of giving advice on matters political. But Tommy Atkins, a Conservative to his backbone, because he be lieves the conservatives encourage the diver sion of war, throws himself heart and soul into the Tory cause. To those who have ears to hear, and the experience which 1b necessary to tra.nslate aright the true significance of the Afghan frontier rumours, there Is something ominous in the news ticked over the world to-day. The tribes on the Russia-Afghan frontier are sending their .women and children into fort resses, "and word haB gone about of a some thing to be. Nothing definite yet, but what may happen in a month hence It Is exceed ingly hard to tell. Listen to what Spencer Churchill has to say about Chltrnl on the eve of big affairs: — "The natives were friend ly and respectful. The valley smiled In fer tile prosperity. And all the while rumours of coming, war grew stronger and stronger. As July advanced' the bazaar at Malakand became -fjill of tales of the Mad Fakir. And though the officers still kept on playing polo and the Corps of Guides pursued their way with an even countenance, August had but fairly commenced when Malakand was a name of fearful Import to the Empire. And Chltral followed before the year closed." We may derive a grim consolation from the fact, that Russia seems likely to bear the brunt of it this time. Unless, as is more than likely, Russia is providing herself with an excuse for soma further denlifig with Afghan istan and the ever-changing frontier. Every day which passes without any out break on the part of the military Improves the chances for Dreyfus. The most notable of recent events. Is the Parliamentary appro val, in face of Drumont's protest,- cabled to day, of the dismissal of "the. Mayor of Algiers for his neglect to put down the anti- Semitic riots in his city, the military preserving a subdued silence. The most significant an nouncement is that the Premier Is to give evidence before the Court of Cassation. He will be able to tell the court and the nation that when he questioned Captain Lebrun about the confession Dreyfus was Bald to have made to him the captain denied that any confession had been made. The supposed confession was the foundation of M. Cavalg- ntie's famous anti-Dreyfus speech, and has been reasserted of late, after having been proved unlikely. M. Dupuys evidence will probably lay this ghost for good. A tram from Manly to Narrabeen, and thence on to Fittwater, has been in the air since the days of the last land boom. It Is an Idea to be very seriouBly considered, and if looked at apart from the possible develop ments of the railway system of t|.e colony ns a whole has much to recommend It. There would undoubtedly be a big trade between the Manly pier and Narrabeen, and it would be a very bad day Indeed for Manly when it began. But that is not tlie large view of the matter. Decision should follow on final resolve as to the action to be taken with respect to the harbour bridge and the railways which will proceed from It. If we are to have a rail way running from "Wynyard-square to the Crow's Nest what Is to hinder an extension by way of thp suspension bridge already con structed over north arm and so right around the head of Middle Harbour, and down to the ocean beach somewhere? The decision .as to the advisability of the Narrabeen tram Bhould depend on the point fixed. ' The quarrel was In a pastrycook-shop, and the parties were Hafurz Bey, u chamberlain, and Ghani Pasha, who would not amongst his own people have been 'called an aide-de camp. The end of it wub that Hafurz killed Qhanl. punishing him, as It soems, not be- yond his deserts. What will follow is a matter which will concern the Sultan and one other party, but not the public generally; for they do not in Constantinople BUbmlt the final scenes of such dramas as this to juries of the people, or to the public press, It takes us back, this affair, to good old Haroun Alraschid, and one of the thousand nights. A little episode then was connected with a pastrycook-shop, and— with cheese cakes. The crime alleged was the neglect to put pepper la cheese cakes, and probably that had as much to do with the punishment which followed as had the quarrel of the shop in this later Instance. For Ghant Pasha was one of the guard who succeeded the Janis saries, and he indiscreetly oppressed the peo ple. And east Is east, and west is west, still, so far at IcaBt as final issues are concerned. Picketing Illegal! The statement cabled that picketing has been declared Illegal by the Court of Appeal will cause the London law reports of the prosont -vveck to bo read with eagerness by lawyers, unionists, employers of labour, and all concerned. The decision, If correctly stated, Is astonishing, because it re verses the principle laid down by the law courts and acted upon for years. Indeed, the fact that anybody should have appealed Is as astonishing as the fact that the appeal has succeeded. The why and the wherefore of this judgment are mysteries which ur gently require clearing up. The disturbances In the province of the Yang-tse -Valley are increasing, and the Chinese authorities are, as usual, unable to cope with the rebels. It seems the evil for tune of those naturally fat provinces to be devastated by fire and "sword every third of a century or bo, In 1863, what with the raids of tha Talplng rebolB, emerging from Nankin, and what with the Infinitely worse atrocities committed by the Chinese Imperial troppB on the inhabitants of the valley, the latter be came transformed from a scene of peace and plenty into a howling wilderness, peopled' only by the dead bodies of thousands slain and starved. Trouble with the Transvaal looms larger and larger. The manner In which British subjects are treated In ICrugeris territory Is enough to make the lat'e Lord Palmerston turn In his honoured grave. The latest out rage committed by the police of Johannes burg, when they entered the house of a Bri tish subject named Edgar, and shot him dead, will probably serve to convince the British Government that It would' be as well to settle once for alj affairs in the Trans vaal. That Mr. Chamberlain has long been anxious to bring matters to a head there has long been notorious. It Is a pity for the sake of future peace that he has not been given a free hand, In that quarter at least. The des patch of Sir William Bulter to the command of the Imperial troops at the Cape, and the making up of those troops to their war strength, probably presage that Oom Paul will, on slight further provocation, receive a lesson. That astute old humbug, however. Is an adept at alternating bounce with "whine, and will possibly, if he sees the British mean business, wriggle out of the chastisement ha richly deserves. The recent : cookery class exams. re< call the faet that Cardinal Richelieu, whn didn't believe in many things, was a great believer In good living. "The real sceptre of the world," said he, "Is the fork." And he might have added— the only real queen on earth IS the one wlio wields. that sceptre— Her MajeBty the Cook. The importance ' of good cooking Is' a matter that can never be too highly estimated. It Is easy enough to say that 90 per cent of crime. Is due to drink, but If you bore Into the sap of the subject you will find that a very fj. rge percentage of drunkenness Is due to bad food and worse cookery. The first question a judge should ask at the start of every divorce cose is not: "Who 1b the woman?" but, "How does the woman cook?" Max. O'Rell was right— the average woman, who finds herself alone In the world, could earn a splendid living, if she could cook — but she can't." Senor Sagasta, the Spanish Premier, Is re ported to be very 111, suffering from a sharp attack of pneumonia. We are extremely sorry to hear It, and hope the Senor will soon recover, which is probably what not -five per cent, of the population of Spain hope. For, indeed, Spain has nothing to thank Sagasta for. Had he- done his duty to. his country, and advised his countrymen of the Impossi bility of successfully waging war with Ame rica) and persuaded them to give in over Cuba, he would no doubt for the moment have been Intensely unpopular yet would have held Spain in the ihollow of his hand when tha inevitable reaction came. But, though 71 years of age, he was and Is mad. only for personal place and power, and is conse quently now about the best-hated man In his country. ; A fact -worthy of note is that by far tho greater number of suicides occur In the warm seasons. In fact. It may- be accepted as a general law that the prevalence of suicide in the different months of the year rises and falls with the sun) In summer it reaches Its maximum; in winter it descends to its mini mum. Therefore, the question as to what way a rise in the temperature acts on the In dividual, so as to make him, or her, less capable of resisting the suicidal impulse is one which should receive a deal more atten tion than it does. As for the practice of sending those who attempt suicide to gaol, "as an encouragement for others," that Is about the silliest of all actions a Billy law could uphold. How the loneliness and general misery of gaol life could' possibly make such persons enamoured of the world they endea voured to leave so hurriedly Is a thing no sane person can. possibly understand— unless It be on the ground recently put forward by a Molbourno magistrate, who avowed bis In tention to "stamp out this obnoxious crime." The hospital, not the gaol, is the proper place for would-be suicides. Britannia rules the waves! It is a grand air, as M. Wlegand, who has composed a re markably fine fantasia on EngliBh patriotic airs, sometimes reminds the public at his or gan recitals In the Town Hall. Which reminds us that about those recitals— very enjoy able they are, as many people agree— a con- troversy is raging. Do they pay? They certainly ought to, and the official figures show that they do. . But the official admis sions at the Town Hall Inquiry showed that they don't. There would, of course, be no doubt about it If the gross receipts of the year were to go up to J11500. It Is surely net too' much to expect? One thing Is certain: If the council doeB not secure M. Wlegand's ser vices for another period, they must replace him by an equally competent organist. Tlie best way to do that would be to give all the organists in Sydney an opportunity of show ing their powers, by a series of recitals. The public verdict would settle the point beyond doubt by the argument of L.S.D. Lord Brassey In a day or two will be at Mount Lyell. And Mount Lyell, doubtless, will hang out her flags, and make her sliver trophies flash for tlie 'occasion. It will be a great occasion, for presumably the other Governor, sometimes known as "Lord" Knox, will be there, and his majestic presence would augment the dignity Of any function. His Ex cellency of Victoria does display u good deal of energy in getting about Australia. \V,- hear of him In the East, and the West, amongst the tropic, ardours of the interior, ns on the hungry barrenness of the West Coast of Tasmania, and, doubtless, the grace of his presence tends to the better endurance of tlie extremes which are felt In the one locality, and the other. His Excellency, it Is gene rally understood, has Interests throughout Australasia, and may propose to acquire something In that way at Mount Lyell. The "other Governor" will, doubtless, be a com petent adviser If such Intent as that exists, and It may be that the management has de cided that the time has come when the de velopment of Mount Lyell should be precipi tated. "Five shillings for the use of the office" is the substantial expression of gratitude from a civil servant, of humble rank, for the ad vocacy In these columns of the rights of tho service. For ourselves we, of course, expect no thanks, and will continue to do our duty for duty's sake. Our correspondent's con tribution wo have handed ove to the Littlo Sisters of tho Poor, who have establishments In which they minister with kindly charity, without distinction of creed. As the con tinuance of the present syBtem of treatment will Infallibly bring members of the more poorly-puld civil servants within measurable distance of these establishments, we think this will be the right thing. 