HALF A CENTURY OF JEWISH HISTORY. III. WHEN" in my last lecture I said'that the life of Jesus was full of surprises, I might as well have extended that observa tion much further. No one can study the rise and progress of Christianity without coming to the conclusion that they, too, were full of surprises. Who would have thought that, after the death of Jesus, the small hand of his followers, numbering, according to the New Testament; about 120 in Judæa and 500 in Galilee, would have continued the agitation ? The personality of Jesus once removed, what was there to agitate about? One thing was, or should have been, certain—Jesus was not the expected Messiah. He had not removed the hated yoke. He had not established peace on earth. The Jews; to whom a Messiah had been promised by the ancient prophets, did not acknowledge him as such. From whatever standpoint looked at, he did not answer the requirements of a Messiah. To people given to thinking this would have been as clear as daylight; but the followers of Jesus were not people of that kind. They were swayed more by feeling than by reason. Still there was one question about which they had to come to an understanding with themselves. If Jesus was the expected Messiah, how was it that he suffered such an ignominious death? What had he done to deserve such a fate ? To some minds, at all events, this question presented a difficulty which had to be overcome one way or another. And it was a difficulty which, in all probability, would have militated against the accession of new members, which, from the standpoint of the Essenes, was at all times an important mattter. It was, how ever, not long before a solution of the difficulty was found. Had not Jesus told them to search the Scriptures ? The Scriptures, then, they or their leaders did search, and there they found many passnges which would easily lend themselves to their purpose. In the 53rd chapter of Isaiah, for instance, they found this passnge :— " He was despised and rejected of men ; a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief : and we hid as it were our faces from him ; he was despised and we esteemed him not; Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows; yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God and afflicted. But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him, and with his stripes we are healed . . . . the Lord hath laid on him the iniquity of us all. He was oppressed and he was afflicted, yet he opened not his mouth : he was brought as a lamb to the slaughter; and as a sheep before the shearers is dumb, so he opened not his mouth." Wlint was easier than to apply this passnge to Jesus ? His disciples dicl not stop to inquire whether such an application would be iustified by the context ? Nor did they notice that in one of the preceding three verses Israel is spoken of as the servant of God,' and that' therefore the whole passage must refer to Israel, whose suffer ings in the course of ages it predicts. And there were many more passages in the Scriptures which, torn from" their contexts, could be used, and were used, for a similar purpose. By this method it would, of course, be easy to prove anything from the Old Testament, But the followers of Jesus, were glad to use anything as a: peg to hang upon their, preconceived ideas about' their master, and hence they persuaded themselves that it; was pre-ordained that the Messiah sliould suffer and clie only to .rise to new and greater glory. Some of them wont oven so far ns to assert that Jesus had actually risen" from the dead. In suppor^of this statement there was only, the testimony'of a few women; and perhnps tlmt of Peter, each giving a different account of it. But what did it matter ? To the credulous everything: is possible, .and Jesus' followers believed anything which; in their: opinion, would add to his glory; Love was stronger; than: death. It- was a' case of King Arthur, not dead but- resting in Glastonburg " till he shall come again full twice as fair, to rule over his people," or a case of Barbarossa, who " sits in a cave, taciturn, sombre, sedate and grave," till, " in the fulness of time," he shall come again to rescue Germany from bondage, and give her; the foremost place of nil the world. Notwithstanding all those vagaries, the first followers oft Jesus, now under, tho joint leadership of James, Jesus' brother, of Peter and- of; John, the son of Zebedee, did not separate: themselves from the general body of tho Jews. They.observed the Jewish rites; such as the Sabbath, the dietary laws and so forth, and they were occa sionally seen in tho Temple. Like Jesus they practised " faith healing" and exorcising demons, and after the fashion of tho Essenes they formed a communistic brotherhood, despising riches and sharing with each other whatever they possessed.. From their self-imposed poverty they became known as the " Ebionites," meaning " poor, people,'' Sometimes they were also called " the sect of the Nazarenes "(Acts xxiv. 5), meaning simply the followers of Jesus of Nazareth. But they had not; the remotest intention to secede from tho parent religion, or to set up a rival religion; Nor did the peculiar ideas they entertained about Jesus render it absolutely necessary for them to sever their connection with the Jews. It was merely a matter of belief, which so far did not lead to any action illegal from the Jewish standpoint; and in matters of belief a good deal of latitude was allowed to the Jew. Neverthe less, they soon began to look for converts. It was reported that Jesus, after his alleged resurrection, and contrary to his previous instruction, had commanded his disciples " to go into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature." They, therefore, endea voured, and Peter foremost; to win Jews and Gentilos alike to the belief in Jesus' Messiahship and in his resurrection. Now, it was from a twofold source that they obtained many new members ; first; from the Essenes, who were already on' many points at one with the disciples of Jesus, and who experienced little difficulty in making a few additions to their already extremely mystic doc trines ; 'and, secondly, from the Greek Jews, who were to bo found in all parts of the country. To this latter class of Jews we must devote a little more attention; for it was by them chiefly that an element was introduced which before long became one of the distinguishing principles of Christianity. Ever since the days of the Syrian rulers, the influence of Greek thought had been strong in Palestine. It was in vain that the Jewish authorities inveighed against the study of the Greek language and of Greek science, and threatened to excommunicate anyone who cultivated such studies. It was in vain that the Jewish sages declared the day on which the Greek version of the Old Testament; the Septuagint, was made, as fatal to Israel as the one which, witnessed the making of the golden calf. Greek influence was irresistible, so much so that, according to the Talmud (Sola '4 ',) &;), in the school of Gamaliel, at whose feet Paul claimed to have sat, 500 boys were instructed in Greek literature. And the change of view amongst, the Jewish authorities can he well under stood; For it was from a Grecian settlement, or rather from a learned Jew living there, that a philosophy came which was so strikingly new and so fascinating that, for the time being, it commanded the attention of a large section of the Jews, more especially those abroad. This man was Philo of Alexandria. Born about the year 10 before the Christian era, the son of a wealthy family, he received a very liberal education and was early in life initiated into Greek philosophy, the study of which lie pursued with ever-incrcnsing interest. Thus it came that in course of time he began to regard the Greek philosophers with the greatest veneration. Philo he called " the great and holy one." Parmenides, Empedocles, Zeno and Cleanthes were to him men of God, forming a holy brotherhood. He engaged deeply in metaphysical speculation, and when thus employed he used to say it seemed to lum us if he was travelling with the sun, moon and stars through the immeasurable expanse of the universe. For all that he was, and remained, a sincere and devout Jew. The law of Moses was to him absolute truth, the source of all true knowledge in religion, nnd he observed its injunctions, even the ceremonies, with the utmost scrupulosity. It is doubtful whether the Pharisees in Judasa had a more observant Jew amongst them than was their distinguished co religionist in Alexandria. But just because Greek philosophy was also absolute truth to him, he endeavoured to reconcile it with the teachings of the Law of Moses, and ho thus developed, though lie did not originate, a system of Bible interpretation, orhormenon tics, which hns since become known as allegorism. A few explana tory words about that system are necessnry. There has been, and there are still, scholars who hold that the narratives of the Bible have not a historical, but a didactic, tendency ; that is to say, they are not intended to supply a connected history from the earliest times up to a certain date, but rather to teach or illustrate certain truths, certain religious and moral lessons which the writers of the various Biblical books were at great pains to impress upon their readers. Hence there may have been many important events— important from the standpoint of the historian—which those writers did not record, because they did not serve the didactic purpose. From this method of Bible interpretation that of Philo differs entirely. It goes ever so much further. In the hands of Philo, or, 'rather, in the hands of the Græco-Jewish Allegorists, the Biblical characters became symbols or embodiments of certain ideas, to which their respective names wire supposed to furnish the key. Thus, for instance, Abraham became the symbol of " the zealous mind;" Sarah, meaning "the Princess," stood for "virtue;" Hngnr for "the stranger" and so forth. The Biblical statement that Jacob, on his way to Haran, stopped all night in a certain place on the road because the sun had gone down was explained in this way-—The sun means " observation " the place" stands for " God," and Jacob is the symbol of that wisdom which is acquired by groat and unceasing efforts. From all this the lesson was deduced that only when man had come to recognise the limitation of his understanding could he comprehend the Divine. Whatever this, and many similar theories of the Allegorists, meant, they were obviously an attempt at the evnporisation of the simple narratives of the Bible, which are better left alone, and more useful to the religious man without allegory. Of greater interest to us, and more important to our immediate purpose, is Philo's philosophical system. To enter fully into this point would require too much time and space, and would take us too fur nway from our present subject. Suffice it to say that, in metaphysics, Philo acknowledged besides God—the eternal, incomparable Being, the embodiment of all that is good, porfoct and real—certain primi tive principles, intermediate beings closely related to Philo's ideas on the one hand, and to the nngels of the Bible on the other. God, being too exalted to come into immediate contact with the world and man, uses these intermediate beings for that purpose. The Logos, or divine reason, comprises all those intermediate spiritual powers. It is the highest of the angels, standing between the finite and the infinite, and uniting both. God created the Logos first, and through the Logos the world. Let it, however, be borne in mind that Philo does not consider the Logos co-equal with God, a second god ; but only the highost power next to God, though subordinate to Him. With this Logos theory, Philo came dangerously close to the limits of Judaism. One step further and he would have landed in Polytheism pure and simple. In his deduc tions, and in his proofs of this pet theory of his, we can plainly see how hard he struggles to harmonise it with the teachings of the Mosaic Law. At one time he seems swayed solely by Greek philo sophy ; at another he remembers that lie is a Jew, and must not say or accept anything which would contravene the fundamental prin ciples of his religion, which, over and over again, he declared to be true. Philo wrote a large number of works, but three parts of them have been entirely lost, and the one part that has come down to us has had no influence whatever on Jewish thought and literature. The Jewish philosophers of the Middle Ages—and there were many eminent men amongst them—do not as much as mention Philo's name. It was only towards the middle of the 16th century that Asaria De Rossi, a Jewish scholar living in Italy, in his work, "Meor Enayim," touched upon Philo's philosophical system, nnd thus in a measure made his then living co- religionists acquainted with it. Philo's philosophy, and especially his theory about the Logos, had, however, a determining influence upon the develop ment of Christianity. For the first few years after the crucifixion, it would appear, Jesus' alleged sonship was dropped, or, at all events held in abeyance. Obviously it was too strongly opposed to the Jewish conception of God, especially to God's spirituality. It would, beyond all doubt, have deterred many from joining the Nazarenes. Put the idea was revived when Greek Jews, especially those coming from Alexandria or standing in communication with that centre of literary activity, joined the new sect. With them the theory of the Logos was an accepted truth, and it fitted admirably into the belief and views of the followers of Jesus. Now, Jesus became identical with the Logos, not indeed in the sense that Philo had enunciated the idea, but as a second god, co-ordinate with God. The doctrine is stated as clearly as possible by John at the beginning of his Gospel where he says, " In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God and the Word was God." As the doctrine had now the sanction of so eminent and so staunch a Jew as Philo—that is so far as superficial thinkers were able to judge — it was readily accepted by the Nazarenes, and became one of the distinguishing creeds of Christianity. The belief in the Holy Ghost, as a separate entity, having been previously mooted, was, a little later, also taken in, and thus we have the Trinity complete—the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost. Hence we find at the end of the Gospel of Matthew, as if tacked on, and certainly contrary to the directions of Jesus, the command—''Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." This, as far as doctrine was concerned, marked the transition from Judaism to Christianity. The followers of Jesus had now completely departed from the strictly monotheistic stand point of the parent religion, and henceforth we may as well call them Christians, though, as a matter of fact, that term was applied to them for the first time somewhat later in the city of Antioch, and more as a nickname than in any other sense. We have now come to a temporary lull in the development of Christianity, and it would be as well to utilise it for the purpose of making ourselves a little better acquainted with the books constituting the New Testament. It is, however, only the first four books, or the Gospels, to which we shall devote our attention, since they purport to be the historical records of the time. I may be asked, how do you make out which parts of the New Testament are historically reliable and which are not ? You have given us a history of the life of Jesus ; how do you get that history? You have quoted some parts of the New Testament, while others, apparently equally important and equally relevant, you have simply ignored. On what principle do you go, or do you simply adopt what fits into your pre-conceived account and reject what does not ? If so, don't you see that you have built upon very slippery ground,. and that you cannot escape the charge of being arbitrary ? Stop, friend ; these considerations have not been overlooked. They were carefully thought over and settled before the first stroke of the pen was done. The historian who would truly and faithfully record the current ovents of his time is like the man with a camera—ho may arrange his objects, may place them in what seeins to him the most favourable light, but he must not interefore with the action of the lens, or else his picture will not be true to life. When I see a photograph with something, incongruous in it, something that could not possibly have been in the real object or objects, I know at once that someone must have touched that picture up. Or, to push the com parison still further, when I see a painting supposed to be by Gains borough, and representing a country scene, but I notice that all along the main road there arc telegraph wires overhead, then I know that either Gainsborough did not paint that picture or, if he did, some one after him must have added that incongruous element in the shape of telegraph wires. Similarly when 1 am told in one part of Matthew that Jesus advised his followers to adhere closely to the Law of Moses, and in another that he spoke against that Law and tried to improve upon its provisions, I have to choose between the two statements ; both cannot be true. And inasmuch as it is a well authenticated fact, as we shall presently see, that it was some . time after the death of Jesus that his followers departed from the Jewish law and rejected it altogether, it follows that Jesus'' admonition to his disciples and his followers generally to observe the Law of Moses must be the correct version. From this, and many similar cases, I conclude that anything in the first three Gospels which is antagonistic to the Jewish law is an addition of a later, time.' The same remark applies to the fierce denunciations against the Pharisees put into the mouth of Jesus, as I told you in my last lecture. If Luke, at the beginning of his book, tells me that he was not an eye-witness of the events which ha' relates, but that, for the information and benefit of his friend, Theophilus, he compiled the account from various; sources then extant, I know that for originality I cannot go to Luke. I must find some other writer who is likely to give me li more original and, therefore, a more reliable account. I cannot accept John, the writer of the Jth Gospel, as such, because his work is too strongly tinced with Alexandrian philosophy, and experts tell me that his Greek is barbarous. So for purposes of history I can leave him'out of account. There romain only Matthew and Mark to whom I can go for historical informa tion. But from all I can sec about Mark, I find that he is not original either ; that he wrote uuder the influence of Peter, and that he must have known and read previous ..works on the history with , which he deals. There, therefore, remain's only Matthew, who is likely to give me a historically true account of the whole' move-. ment. Now, if the writer of that; Gospel were identical with that Matthew who was one of -the Apostles his account would be most valuable, for he wouldithen tell me what he had seen and heard. But was he the same man ? That is just what I have, to find out, before I can accept his version in every particular. Bow shall I find it out and make sure of it ? Fortunately the man with' the camera has again been at work, and has rendered me valuable assistance. He has given me a series of photographic pictures, which supply me with information that I could not get anywhere else. One of these pictures shows :Jesus, surrounded by his dis ciples, celebrating Passover, or; as we would say, giving the Sider. He breaks the unleavoned bread ; lie bids them drink, of the wine and they all sing hymns. But where is the Paschal lamb ? There is no mention of itj though in those days it was.one of the essentials for the celebration of Passover.. What a strange omission ! : J:low shall I account for it ? I am simply driven to the conclusion that the picture was. taken after the destruction of the Temple-—that is; after the year 70, when the Paschal lamb was a thing .of the-past. And there is another strange feature about, that picture.: We are told that Jesus was crucified on " the day of preparation," which can only mean on the Eve of Passover; or Erev' Pesach ; and on the previous evening he is said to have observed the usual Passover ceremonies.' But that was: not the evening on which the Jews observed those' ceremonies. There is obviously an error of a whole day. It is impossible that the Apostle Matthew, who was a Jew, could have been guilty of such' a glaring error it must have been committed by some one who knew nothing of Jewish1 rites and ceremonies. That writer, very likely a Heathen Christian; wishing to tell his co-religionists that Passover should be celebrated in memory of Jesus, and not in memory of Israel's redemption from Egyptian bondage, described the celebration of Passover in Jewish circles after the destruction of the Temple ; but he did not notice, or not know, that in making Jesus celebrate Passover a day too soon he committed a blunder which would betray tho nature' of :thc whole account. I have now arrived at two importaiit conclnsions— first, that the Gospel of Matthew was not written by the Apostle of that name ; and, secondly, that it was not, and could; not havebeen, written before the year 70. But there is plenty of additional material not only to support those conclusions, but also to place the ..composition of that Gospel even at a much, later date. ' Pro fessor Graetz, whom I have so far followed in this question of the date and authorship of the Gospels, ' calls attention to a' passage in Matthew (xxiii. ,15), wherein- Jesus. is made to say, " Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites !; for ye compass sea and land do make me proselyte,; and when he is made you make him twofold .more the child of hell than yourselves." That Jesus.-did.not say this; .but that someone..after, him put it into his mouth, requires no proof.; but how could any one, no matter who,, say that the; Pharisees compassed sea and land to make proselytes ? As far'as t-hos historical records show, they never did anything of the kind.. And yet- something of that, sort must have occurred, and it must have created somo sensation at the, time, perhaps because' the proselyte; in question was >a;person of higli social standing. Graetz, therefore, refers the passage to a well-known historical fact In the year 90. four celobrated Jewish sages went as a deputation to Rome, and, while there, associated with a lending Senator named Flavius Clemens, a cousin of tho-Empcror Domitian,; who entered into religious discussions with them: . The result was that Clemens became a convert to Judaism. For this apostncy from; the dominant faith he was executed. ' Graetz holds that the passage in ' Matthew refers to this fact, and if that bo so, the Gospel of Matthew cannot' have been written before the' year 90. Further still, there are in that; Gospel unmistakablo; echoes of the troubles: under Bar Cochba, which brings us to the' year 135. From; all this I come to the conclusion that the earliest of the Gospels,; and the one that has the most authontio facts, was not written until fully 100 years after Jesus? death and'that makes me ' all the more careful to accept nothing which does not fit into the time and circumstances with which 1 have to deal. After this lengthy, but necessary, digression we will now resume the history of the early Christians. Within the first leu years or so of the existence of the sect, its progress was slow. Its increase from the heathen world was insignificant. Nor could it have been otherwise, since those early Christians observed the Jewish rites and ceremonies which ^naturally deterred many heathens from joining. It would appear from the 15th chapter of Acts that Peter felt the difficulty, and that he was of opinion that strict compliance with all the rites and ceremonies of the Mosaic Law should not be made an indispensable condition to the reception of proselytes from the heathens. And that opinion was to some extent supported by Jewish practice. The Jews, too, sometimes admitted half-proselytes, • or" strangers at the gate," as they were called. From these no more than compliance with "the Seven Laws ofNoah"was demanded; that is to say they had to refrain from idolatry and to practise tlio ordinary laws of morality. But, as a matter of fact, Peter's proposition and the Jewish practice were not analogous. For while the half-proselytes admitted by the Jews were not, as such, considered fully privileged Jews, but were merely allowed to live amongst them and to enjoy the protection of the Civil Law, Peter would receive any heathen as a Christian in every sense of the word, though in point of religious practice he might, not follow the example of the rest of the sect.. In course of time this would have led to the greatest confusion,;ono: part of the sect would have adhered to the Law of Moses, while tliu . other would not. The whole matter was surrounded with great difficult ties, to solve which required an abler head and a stronger hand tliun . Peter could boast of. Nor was this the only trouble against which the new sect had to contend. Some of its members, notably the Greek; Jews,, who were eloquent speakers, had been a little too bold in their ,efforts to make converts, while others had, perhaps, publicly offended , against ' the Jewish law, so that in some cases Jewish authorities had to interfere. Private people also complained of being; constantly molested .by the agents, or, as we would now call them, the missionaries of - the Nazarenes. Occasionally riots occurred and, very likely, it was during one of these that Stephen, ono of the leaders on the Christian ; sido, met with his death. It was evident on all sides that a strong, 'leader was required, or else the sect would, ere long, have succumbed • to the many dilficulties it had to contend with. That in due time suchi a leader should have appeared was, perhaps, not much of a surprise ; but that he should have come from the .opposition side was certninlv; tho greatest "anrprise of all. Such; how-over, was tho case when Saul of Tarsus, afterwards known as tho Apostle Paul, appeared on the scene to take up the cause of the Christian sect; Ho was the son of Jewish parents in Tarsus,, tho capital of Gilicia, a province in the south-eastern district of Asia Minor, and had growu up in .tho inidst of a Greek population. „ Paul was, therefore; able to speak both tho Greek and Hebrew languages. That ho had sat at the feet of Gamaliel,, as ho said of himself, is very doubtful. If such had been the case,.ho would5 Have acqnired- a littlo more of that humility and: sweetness of temper with which that.sago is=credited: oven by the .writers of.tho Now Testament,.but of which Paul did not possess an: atom; Nor would lie hnve been guilty of occasional lapses in quoting Scripture;: as;, for instance,'in I. Corinthians xiv.2.1; ho quotes a rorso from Isaiali'(xxviii, 1.1) and says, " In tho Law it is;written.". Tho verso,' by-tho-bye,. is not correctly quoted,/either according to tho original text or the Greek version. But Paul was not particular about anything of that kind, ns> wo .shall presently soe. Small in stature and of a weak constitution, he developed, as lie grew up,, an irritability of temper which could .brook;no opposition; nnd which ill comported with the man of, Nazareth, whom, during. tho groater part of his lifeiihe professed to serve. In his younger days Paul carried on the trade of a tcnt-mnkor, then a flourishing, industry in his native town. During that time he took little or .no interest, in tho affairs of his co-religionists ; but when he was about thirty years, old, for some reason: which wo arc not able to discover, he ■removed.' to Jerusalem, whore ho at once took an active parkin opposing the Apostles and their followers. And so,nealous ho proved himself, in the: defence of his religion, and so uncompromising in his attitude towards.the new sect, that lie became known as " a Hebrew of.tho Hebrews." '..But suddenly, while on a journey to Damascus, a change of mind came over him.. It is said that on tho way a gront miracle happened, Jesus appearing to him and asking him—" Saul. Saul,,'.why persecutest thou me ?" The account of this won derful occurrence is reported three times in Acts, and, each time with varying details, so that little, if any, re liance can be placed upon the whole account, oven if wo wore disposed' to - attribute it to some subjoctivo vision. Tho fact remains that; all at once,;Paul began to believe in tho Messiahship, tho sonship and tho resurrection of Jesus, and so strongly that tho former , implacable opponent turned into a staunch dofonder of the now sect. What natural cause or causes produced this change in Paul will very likely remain a mystery to. the end of days. Some years ago .I ventured the opinion that Paul's better nature began to assort itself which he witnessed Stephen's death, on which occasion ho wns present, if he did not take an active part in it; and that, as is often the case with men, ho fell at length from one extreme into the other. Further study has convinced me that that opinion is untenable, lain inclined to-think that for a man of Paul's natural impetuosity tho measures which the Jewish authorities took against the new sect were not stringent and not swift enough. It is stated that Gamaliel I.,' then the president of the Sanhedrin, had advised his people, ''Refrain from these men, and let them alone, for if this counsel or work be of men it will come to naught, but if it be of God you cannot over throw it." That may be true, at any rate it shows that the Jewish authorities were not unanimous as to the position they should take up in reference to the new sect. Paul, on the otheyhnnd, was a man of determination, a born leader, and as he could not have his own way on the one side, he went over to the other. Be this as it may.—it is at best only a conjecture—Paul was no half-hearted worker ; the cause he once embraced ho pursued with unflinching zeal. Having adopted the career of an Apostle, be soon perceived that under existing circumstances the new sect could make but little headway. The system of receiving proselytes did not satisfy him. The Gentiles so admitted might consider themselves partial followers of Judaism ; the Jews won over would still remain Jews. "No man can serve two masters." To Paul's mind it was not at all satisfactory that Jews should be believers in Jesus, and yet continue to live under the old dispensation. The love of kindred and old associations might at any moment induce them to throw off the new belief and return, with undivided affection, to the old one. If the new sect was to have any future at all it was to proceed on different lines ; it was to draw a sharp line of demarcation between itself and the parent religion. And even if its position would become antagonistic to the latter, Paul was not the man either to shrink from the responsibility, or, indeed, to be scrupulous in the choice of his means to attain the end he had in view. He therefore declared with an \- almost incredible audacity that the provisions of the old covenant were no longer binding upon the new sect; that all the essential laws of the Jewish religion were abolished. But what was Paul going to substitute for the Law of Moses? Simply the belief in Jesus. Justification by faith, not by compliance with the Law, wns Paul's chief and new doctrine. " The belief in Jesus frees from all sins." Before faith came we were kept under the Law .... but after that faith is come, we are no longer under a schoolmaster." The law has been the cause of sin. "I had not known lust except the Law had said thou shalt not covet," "No man is justified by the law in the sight of God." (Galat. iii.) Bnt cannot man appeal to his Father in Heaven for remission of sin ? Cannot the sinner turn from his evil path and implore his God to pardon him for his errors in the past? No, says Paul : "No man cometh unto the Father but by the Son." Jesus is the mediator between God and man. Individual merit avails nothing ; the belief in Jesus, and that alone, procures salvation. But what about those men—however small their number may be—whose good deeds by far out weigh their sins ? There are no such men, says Paul. As a matter of fact, since the fall of Adam every human being that comes into the world is sin-stained, and there is no possibility of getting rid of that sin except through Jesus. " He that believeth and is baptised shall be saved; but ho that believeth not shall be damned." And here we have a new dogma—" original sin," evidently specially created to find in the new religion an office for Jestts. This, then, briefly stated, was Paul's conception of the new faith, and this was the initiation of.Christianity as we now know it. The way in which he endeavoured to prove his position savours strongly of the dialectics of the Jewish sages, and is in many respects characteristic of the man. For instance, when he wished to prove to his Galatian converts that, according to Scripture, the blessing of Abraham should come to the Gentiles through Jesu<>, he called attention to the fact that to Abraham's seed, not seeds, the promise was given, and that " seed," in the singular, could only refer to Jesus. The method here employed was decidedly Rabbinical, but the argument itself is a fallncy. It is more ingenious than ingenuous, for every Hebrew scholar knows, and Paul must hnve known, too, that the word " seed" (Hebrew jni) in the sense of " descendants" never occurs in the plural. In another instance (Gal. iii.) Paul quotes a verse from Deuteronomy (xxvii., 6), but he inserts a word which is not in the original text. True, the Septuagint has that word, but Paul does not entirely adopt the rendering of that version in respect to this verse; he simply takes what suits his purpose. Instances of that kind are very numerous in his Epistles. What did the Jewish authorities say to such teaching 1 They could not be expected to remain silent when Paul would under mine the authority of the Law amongst the Jews, They, therefore, summoned him before them, to explain his conduct. He had a difficult part to act, and he managed it with great cleverness. He was indeed, as he says himself, *' All things to all men " (I. Cor. ix., 22), a Jew with the Jews, a Christian with the Christians. To the Jews he asserted that he " taught nothing contrary to the law and the Prophets," while as a matter of fact he had declared the Law to be abolished not for the heathens—they had never been under the Law—but for the Jews. When brought before the Sanhedrin he dexterously got himself out of the trouble by throwing a bone of contention among the Council, and setting his judges together by the ears. For thus we read (Acts xxiii. 6.): " But when Paul perceived that the one part (of the Council) were Sadducees and the other Pharisees, he cried out in the Council, men and brethren, I am a Pharisee, the son of a Pharisee: of the hope and resurrection of the dead I am called in question. And when he had so said there arose a dissension between the Pharisees and the Sadducees : and the multitude was divided. For the Sadducees say that there is no resurrection, neither angel nor spirt; but the Pharisees confess both. And there arose a great cry; and the scribes that were of the Pharisees' part arose and strove, saying—We find no evil in this man, &c.;, &c.;" This, indeed, was a masterly manoeuvre and produced the desired effect. Paul was let off. But he had to reckon with another party. His departure from the old lines, his promulgation of entirely new ideas, could not fail to call forth strong opposition on the part of those who had been intimately connected with Jesus, It was clear that Paul's teaching presented a striking contrast to that of Jesus. Had not the latter more than once assured his followers that it was not his intention to upset the Law of Moses—that not one jot or tittle should pass away from it? And those who have heard this out of Jesus' own mouth naturally asked—How dare any roan calling himself a follower of Jesus so flagrantly contradict his behests 1 Who has the first claim on our allegiance—Jesus or Paul? The Apostles—James, Jesus' brother, foremost—called Paul to account for what they con sidered, and very justly so, false views; indeed, they called him a heretic and spread all sorts of ugly rumours concerning the cause of his breaking away from the old dispensation. He, how-, ever, persisted in the course he had adopted, and retorted upon bis opponents by declaring: " Though an angel from Heaven preach any other Gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed." Thus Paul cut himself entirely off the Jewish faith, and his subsequent life and labours, his peregrinations over almost the whole of the then known world, are no part of Jewish history. (To be continued.) 