Only a Chinaman. One afternoon late in September of the year 18G — , two horsemeD were slowly threading their why among the cactus and sage or the Mohave Desert, their faces to ward the setting eun. About them on every hand for more than a score of rui]es Jay desolation, rendered even more desolate by the growth of the gnarled and twisted yucca, its great misshapen bulk reminding one ot writhing trnDks, ot bead lesR bodies with broken and contorted limbs. In the purple light of fading day the dis tant mountains rose B6 ragged barriers to a valley of the dead, and the unbroken silence that spread its gloomy cloak all about them but added to the depression produced by their surroundings. ' Ted,' said the foremost at last, halfturn ing in his saddle as he spoke, ' we must hasten a little if we would reach Harney's station before dark, for it must be six or seven miles yet, and I would hardly care to camp in this wilderness. The trail is blind enough even in daylight.' 'No,' returned his companion, 'anight amidst these hideous surroundings would be sufficient to addle a mail's brain, Aside from t.lia **nf f Iai^q ha urstdlri Anil an K*o kliinlrAl before morning. Give spur and we will ride faster.' Without further talk, the travellers in creased their speed to a gallop, and went swinging along the trail. Two, three miles had thus been passed, when suddenly Winchester, who rode behind, -Liew rein sharply and turned his head, as if to listen to some unexpected sound. As Da! ton, his companion, noted this, he too, forced his horse to a welk 1 DM VAIl float* that. ' UDlrArl flia fnKmOH The sun, now hidden behind the mountain range, brought the serrated peaks into clear contrast with the sky beyond and filled all the sunken valley with a rose-hued light, like the after-glow of some great fire. ? It was nothiog — the howl of a famishing volt, most likely,' said Driton. 'No, it was no wolf. I am sure it came from a human throat, white, rod or yellow. It startled me. There — listen !' Winchester raised his hand quickly, and ae he did so, there rang out such a cry, half brute, half-human, through the wierd twi light gathering in this uncanny spot about them, that both men's hands had uncon sciously sought their weapons, and as the long moan— for auch it was, rather than cry — floated out through the spaces of the vauey, were was in it so hopeless a sound that their hearts stood still in pity for the being forced to such utterance, 1 Heavens 1 that's a man 1 We must find him I' And raising his voice Winchester gave forth aloud, long shout, which rang out upon i he evening air like a brazen bugle. Almost instantly it was replied to from a little distance to the right, and quickly riding through the cactus and sage in that direction, the two came suddenly upon an open spot, which showed traces of recent ocoupation and confliot. The earth was torn and trampled, frag, merits of clothing Jay about, blood— to dark i stain still discornable in the fading light — liar) been spilled, and half-a- dozen silent bodies lay motionless upon the ground, the victims of the struggle. But before the men could even dismount to examine the mystery of the desert, there rose from the low bushes at the 6ide of the open space a wan and pitiablo figure, half naked, with long, bony arms, and shaven bead, from which depended an untrimmed queue — the figure of a half-dead Chinaman ! ' Bah !' said Dalton, ' a cursed yellow-face ! Had I knowu it I would not have turned aside. The Indians have killed this party of Chinamen, and this fellow escaped. That's the whole story. Come !' And he turned to ride away. As he did so, the wretch at his side again ga*e utterance to a long-drawn mournful cry, and threw himself to the earth among the dead bodier of his countrymen. der heart could not endure to see such despair. ' He is only a Chinaman, I know, and if he were dead, like the others, the country would be better oil'; but he is not, and we cannot, -13 Christians, leave him to starve. tfe is wounded, too,' he added, pointing to a Ions;, gaping cut across the smooth 6kull of the mm at their feet. ' No, I will not desert him like a dog, but get him to Hnrney's, and then turn him over to the boys there. If they choose to knock him in the head they may, but I'm too soft.' And 6priuging from his saddle he dragged the Chinaman to his feet, forced him to mount behind him, and then following Dal ton, the three rode back to the dusky trail. Although severely wounded, the Chinaman hifi been able to answer the few questions Winchester had put to him on the ride in, so that his story was ready to be told when the cabin was reached. Ho had been one of a dozen who, with scant provisions, had started for the Arizona mines. They had camped oue uight in the desert, been attacked and overpowered by Indians, and he only had escaped. ' Hardly wulh the savin', either,' us old Harney growled, in conclusion. * No doubt, no doubt, Ben,' replied Win chester ; ' but he's a man, not a brute, and I couldn't see him die without turning iny hand to save him. Our need may come some time. Take care of him, nnd when he's alita send him by some waggon team out of the valley, and I will see you paid.' And so the surveyor dismissed the subject from his mind. Dalcon and Winchester were in charge of a party of sime thirty Americans running; preliminary lines for the great Santa Fe Railroad which now binds the E*st to the West, and Haruey's camp was often their rendezvous. Ir, obedience to the directions given him, tUr. oil miner found a bun* an:l food for (In? wountlfd iipiii, hihI li-fr, liia) to iiis thoughts. Prob'i'ily even his rescuers of the night before woulH have ilrp.irled in th- morning forgetful of him ; but after breakfast, anJ just ns thn pirty were mounting for a ride southward toward the mountains on a pros-. pecting tour which would occupy some days, a hand w.-is Kid ' on Winchpster'e arm. Turning, he saw the Chinamau he had brought in. ' Hello, pigtail !' he cried. ' Up and around, oh 1 Well, I'm glad of it. You'll pull through, I gudss, but don't get into the hands of the redskins a^xin, or they'll cut your head off next time trying to get the rest of your hair !' The Chinaman's eyes glowed, showing he understood at least n part of the other's speech, nod he uodded. ' China boy look out. Injun no catch utn again. Melican nun good to China boy. China boy not forgetlee. Goodec-bye !' ' Good-bye !' responded Winchester, with a eniiln. ' Harney will get you a ride when you are ready to 30.' And with a nod of his head he sprang to his saddle. A rattle of spurs, and with a shout the calvac&de; was oil' down the trail, through tlio pure, golden light of a California morning. * * ♦ ? * Again two riders in the Mohave desert, this time following on a trail, perhaps the same old one, which winds not far from two gleaming lines of steel, the* path way of the great steam horse which has made space of hie own. Years have passed, and the two friends, Dalton and Winchester, as they once again ride through the wilderness of cactus and sage, are older and greyer than when first they held this way. They are now in the employ of the Santa Fe, and their trip in saddle instead of by rail is to inspect the road, road-bed and all its surroundings better than could be done from a car window. As the day wane?, and the everlasting peaks show sharp and tall against the uinctArn clrtr WinftYiaofaf* tllrno t/l Ilid Artln panion. ' Dan, do you remember the nighc some ten years ago when we rescued the China boy out here and took him to old Harney's? I wonder whatever became of him V ' When you rescued him, Ted, you mean,' replied Dalton. with a laugh. ' I had nothing to do with it, and can claim no share of the honour. I presume be has made his pile and gone back to China long before this.' 'Poor fellow!' said Winchester, half musingly. ' He was grateful, too. Come and bade me good bye the next morning, and said — Heaven I what's that }' And seizing bis companion's arm, he halted him aod pointed towards the track of the road. There not fifty feet distant, and lashed by heavy ropes to the rails, lay two enormous trunks of the yucca palm or cactus — great masses that would hurl any engine to des truction — and at seven o'clock, a little after dark, the California express was due I 1 Train wreckers 1' gasped Dftlton, in a hoarse whisper ; ' and they mean to ditch the express I We oust clear the track.' And wheeling his horse sharply,' be spurred towards the spot. Winchester followed him. ? It's quick work, Dan,' he said, in a low tone, ' for the scoundrels must be concealed near by, and if they discover us we are lost I' Both. men knew the danger they ran, but bad no thought of shireking it. Perchance they might have riddtn to tbe nearest ttlegrapli station, some fifteen rui'es away, and warned the oncoming train in time ; but lest that should fail, they would first clear the track. ? And so, with almost superhuman efforts, they struggled until they had rolled the great trunks to one side. Then they re mounted for a long and furious ride. ' We must try for Mohave Station, Ted,' said Dalton—' that's the nearest wire — and then telearaph a warning up the line ; for the miscreants, whoever they are, will probably pile more obstructions on the track. If either is dismounted or shot, let the oiher go on without him. A hundred lives are worth more than one.' And so they started. The sun \viv- just below the mountain- tops as the ride began, aud night winds had com menced to moan. As tliey swept onward the shadows crept from their lurking places nnd danced among the snabe- wood and the cactus ; the great dome of heaven faded from rose to purple, then to grey ; the distorted trunks of yucca that arose on every hand lost their hideous nesp, and became dim ghosts withoutstretched arms, and over head the little stars 0110 by one lit their lamps, until the (imminent sparkled with llieirglow. Suddenly as they rode, Dalton nliead, Winchester close behind, a cry was heard, a dozen dark forms seemed to rise from the very earth about them, shouts nnd curses filled the air, followed by rifli and pistol shots, and (hen Winchester feU his horse give a great groan and pitch heavily forward — felt the earth spring up to meet him, heard the whistling shots go by — and then with a crash was flung, bruised and un conscious, into the scraggy sage bush at the side of the trail ; while Dalton, with a cry of mingled exultation and rage, went thunder ing on and out of sight. When consciousness returned, Winchester found himself lying, bound hand and foot, upon the earth, and as he turned his head he saw that he lay across the rails of the Santa Fe track. ' Good heavens ! he groaned, 'the murder ers have left me here to be crushed to pieces !' And with all the strength of his body he strugglsd to free himself from his bonds, or at least to roll free from the course of the coming train, but ir. vain. Strain as he might, his ligatures held fast, and with a surge of horror that swept across his spirit as a great chill wave, he faced the terrible knowledge that tiis doom was certain and escape impossible. Already he could see his mangled body, ground out of all human semblance, strewn along the iron pathway ; already the pangs of dissolution 6hot through and through him, hdiI in the fearful extremity his mind was utmost unseated. Sudd'-nly a hand touched his shoulder. Wit.li a start, he turned his heafJ to (hatsidf. 'Mulican man keepee etiilee. China boy loose him.' And as the wo-ds were half-muttered in his nflrighted earb, lie felt a knife cutting at the cords which bound him to the rails, at the ropes with which his feet and hands were tied — and then again his rescuer spoke : 1 China boy bad man. Tlain lobber and cook for many bad men, but China boy not forgetee Melican man who saveJ him long time ago from Injun. Hide in 'e busliae — when tlaiuconiHs, shootee ; tlain stop, Melican man safe ; no tellee Ciiina boy cutt.ee ropes !' And thrusting a pistol in Winchester's almost nerveless hand, the Chinnni'xn half dragged him from the truck, left him hidden beneath the bushts at the side of the road, and &id.; And even as the man, half -stunned by thn suddenness of his rescue, tried to remember the face of his saviour, the rumble 01 the on coming train was heard. Springing to his feet, he awaited its npproach, lired a volley from his revolver that caus°d the engineer to slacken speed, sprang on board, and was saved ! Saved by the Chinaman whom, years before he had plucked from the hand of death in this very valley ! And when morniug came, and with a strong party, Dalton and Winchester searched for the trail of the road-robbers and would-be train-wreckers, they only found the spot where they hud camped as they Qii to the fastnesses of the mountain, and, lying face upward in the centre of the path, a dead Chinaman, his skull white with an ancient scar, and a knife driven to the hilt in bis heart — 00 its handle a bit of paper scrawled with these words: 'This is the pay we give to traitors.' 