THE LIGHT'THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers pos sessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains These old men, It is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the "adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding our the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scor vily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well "I cant see to read, here," said the visit6r. "Then we will have some light," was the re ply, and immediately (the professer safe) a soft: Pearly light brightened the cave. ; He c6uld not, tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality--it cas nsot tl; alig1s "t shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by.a man. ao vasth;learning and high character, and you who: now read' it hbave.no, reason for doubt except that all the light- pQ have seen, have cast. shadows. Belief or un belief commonly runs parrallel wlth'one's owbe experience. Dr. Johnson -sniffed at ,the ao count of the Lisbon earthjdiilhe;yet credited'thE tale of the Cock Lane ghost. : In'the spring of 18l8" writes our corres: pondent "I fell into a low, weak, apt languid state. 'I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my= stomach was deranged my appetite ~ibbr, ahd after eating I had apain'aud weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour"fluid, also' bitter bile; Later on Isunffered fromnervousness and great depresion of spirits. .I kept up with my work, but had a .iays i ?bense 'of discomfort.' Off and on I contlued 'in this way for two years, nothing that I t.:tok relievin me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and pro. cured a supply. i After I had~aken only a few doses I found relief "my food digested, mid gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first' to feel any confidence In this medicine, never having.used it or seen it used,. I now gladly admit its value, and its plwer over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother .Seigel's-Crative Syrup I have been in the bestf of health and:spirits, In the interests of.sufferiag humanity, 1- deem it is a duty to send this testimony. !(Signed) D. Grnfiths.,151. Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June eight 18093."' There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cna'no shadow.' The latter .lpay be true enough, but it cannot'be verified without more trouble than it is worth.. On' the other hand we have, a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at at his address. at his address, Is' nothing mysatic. or, magical' about other eigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, formes or phases 'of that universal disease-indigestion and dypepsia; it cures that and throws the light of health and happi over hearts and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses.., . . 