NET FISHING IN GEORGE'S RlVilR. To the 'Editor of the 'Evening News.' Sir,— Your correspondent, C. Thackeray, evidently things that George's River should be re served solely for line fishermen, and be cause they pay railway fares, hire a boat, and buy bait, a net fisherman should not be al lowed on the river. C.T. is very generous asking that the river be only closed from Dover Point, which prac tically means the whole of the river. I think net fishermen have been quiet too long, and if we don't try ana stana up lor our ngnis we win nna our oc cupation gone, and then the A.F.A. may be able to supply the market with fish, and the Fisheries Board will not be required with an A.F.A. to manage af fairs. I myself, although I am a common fisherman, think and consider that one man's living is deserving of more consideration than fifty men's pleasure, and why should we allow the A.F.A. to have sole control ?of the river. He (C.T.) quotes an extract from Mr. Grant's report re fishing without- a licence. 'We know Mr. Grant. Some of us perhaps too well, and we can inform C.T. Lhat he is barking up the wrong tree, as we know from experience that as soon as our month's grace is up, he is down on us at once. When C.T. talks about mullet he is out of his depth. He may know something about a bream, whiting, or 'jew- ey,' but to talk about intercepting mullet from coming up the river at this time of the year— well, ail I can say is. he is mixed, decidedly mixed. I think it would have been better if he had gained a little information from net fishermen before he had rushed into print on this point. He also says fully 50,000 people come out to fish, etc., during the year. Now, if Mr. Grant had authority to inspect flsh caught by these 50,000 people or less, I am sure the A.F.A. would not solely blame the net fishermen, as then there would be no twenty dozen of whiting in a sugar bag, nor yet three dozen of bream in a pocket handkerchief, taken away from here, as everything caught counts at present. If a licenced fisherman is found In possession of small fish he is fined, and I think, it a shame anyone else can have as many as they like and get oft scot free because they are not for sale. If the A.F.A., or as we term it, the S.T.B. (silk twist brigade) were a little more generous and would not look upon the net fishermen as their mortal enemies, it would be better for all parties con cerned. Bream can be found in the deep holes in George's River all the year round, and it is only after a fresh that a net has any chance to make a haul of bream, and that at a time when a line fisherman has not a ghost of a. chance. T maintain that netting in any river does not interfere with line fishing, as the majority of fish caught with the net are mullet and black fish, which feed on the flats. Bream, whiting, iewfish, and nearly all line fish feed out in the deep, so I cannot see where CTS. argument comes in that we are depleting the rivers of line fish. C.T. says we are'the most consistent growlers against the Fisheries Board. I agree with him there, and we have cause to be. Is there any other body of men taxed like we are, and having no representation? Why, the cabmen of Sydney are represented on -the Transit Board, and why should we not be represented on the Fisheries Board? It has been promised to us for years now, but the chance, seems as remote as ever. Mr. C. T. aJsks if there Is a river or .iStream privileged to be used by the members of the A.F.A. I can' tell him of one. and that is the Woniora River. Hoping, dear sir, you will kindly insert this to let the public read both sided of the question so that they may be able ito. draw their own conclusions. — Tours, etc.^ ? '' ? MULXjET. 