The Sketcher. An Alpine Tragedy. Mrs. Lelghton, aged 23. Lady Ch'illworth, a«ed CO. Scene : The covered terrace of the Hotel RIffclalp facing the peak of the Mat teruorn. (Mrs. Leighton is looking through the 'hotel telescope at the peak of the Mat tcrhorn. Lady Chill worth (approaching) : What are you looking at, my dear ? Mrs. Lelghton : I'm looking for my husband. He is on the MaUcruoru. Lady Chillwoi'tli : Ah, you're young. Wheu you get to my age you'll find it wiser to Hook at your husband tiirough Hie wrong end of tlie telescope. Mis. Leighton : 1 think 1 see him. Look, a tiny black speck against Uit- pure white enow. Lady 'Ohillwortii (after gazing at Mrs. Leighton quietly for a few moments) : What an eloquent description of you and him. Mrs. Leighton : What do you mean ? (Nervously.) Lady Cbiilworth : Oh, my dear child, you can't deceive me. Do you think 1 don't know why you're making this dutiful display of interest in your hus band ? Mrs. Leighton : But, indeed, I ? iLady Chillworlh : My poor child, you kept your room all day yesterday, and I heard all that passed iu it the night before last— before your husband left for the Matterhorn— a most unwilling audience, I assure you ; but these for eign hotels, with doors connecting all the rooms, like a public picture gallery, are not safe places fur husbands to make exhibitions of themselves in. He's a brute ! Mrs. Lelghton : Lady Chlllworth ! Lady Chlllworth (with rising indigna tion) : Yes, a brute. That bruise on your forehead ? ! 'Mrs. Lelgliton (colouring deeply) : I fell against the chest of drawers, and ? Lady Chill worth : He pushed you. I heard him. Mrs. Leighton : No, no— indeed. Lady Chillwortli : Yes, he did, and you, like the Uttle heroine you are, fear ful lest the truth should be known, sit here making a display of interest and affection before all these strangers. But you seem to have one devoted friend. Captain Thornton is ? Mrs. Leighton (with enthusiasm) : Oh, he Is such a good, true-hearted ? Lady Chillwortli : No doubt of it and I'm sure he means well ; but I'm an old woman, and know the world pretty well, and of the two, there's more danger to a young, attractive woman in a sympa thetic male friend than in a bad hus band. Mrs. Loighton : But Captain Thornton is a chivalrous gentleman. Lady Chillwortli : Granted ! And If friendship were possible between the eexea it might be possible with him ; but it isn't. Mns. 'Leighton : He is the soul of hon our. Lady Chlllworth : Granted again. But lie worships the ground you walk on ! Mrs. Leighton (eagerly. I lien checking herself) : Oh, you don't think that, do you ? I mean I'm sure ho ? Lady ?Oliilhvortli : Don't try to deceive a woman old enough to be your grand mother. Do you think I don't know a man 8n love when I see one ? Mrs. Leighton : But what makes you think he— he— cares for me ? Lady Chlllworth : There's no mistak ing the 'look iu his eyes. They soften the moment ho sees you. I have watched you both. Do you know what heart hunger is ? Mrs. Lelgbtou (feelingly) : Oil yes ! (Checking herself) At least, I scarcely think I know what you mean. Lady Chillwortli (grimly) : Quite right Keep like that Captain Thornton is a prey to the most acute form of heart hunger, the hunger that gnaws the heart of a man debarred by honour from declaring his love. A woman never mis takes that. Men think we don't know what they feel for us unless we sliow them we know it Oh, my dear, what a mistake. I've been through it all. Mrs. Leighton : You ? How sad you look. ?Lady Chlllworth (sighing) : Sad ! I've a woman's memory, child, heartless old worldling though 1 seem in the eyes of a world that judges by externals ! your case .brings back to me a memory of the past. ('A pause.) Mrs. Leighton : Won't you tell me about it ? Lady Chlllworth : There's not much to tell. I married young, au undisciplined girl, ignorant of what love meant. When I grew to womanhood there came one Into my life who changed the meaning of existence for me. I loved him with every fibre of my nature. Had he asked It I would have thrown every tie that bound me to tlie winds. But he loved my fair name aud honour before all else, and iu the loneliness of old age, instead of a remembrance of the shame that dings for ever to a stained life, I have the fair memory of a man's chivalry to live on. The woman who holds such a memory in her heart is not quite the heartless old worldling she seems. (A pause.) Mrs. Lelghton (in a soft voice) : I am so eorry for you. Lady Chillwwth : There, I'm a silly old woman ! Don't trouble your young heart about me, but look to yourself. Pew women are so fortunately unfor tunate as I was. Mine was an experi ence too wonderful to occur again, so beware of friendship. Mrs. Lelgbtou : But Captain T!u:.ito» is such a sympathetic Mend, nuil I look up to him and trust him to. Lady ?Glulilworth : And beware of sympathy, too— it is the overture to love. Mrs. Lelghton : But I am a married woman. We can't love — we inusn't. Lady Ohlll worth : Mustn't ! The word Isn't In love'js vocabulary. Oh, there is Captain Thornton. Sec, even his good manners are severely tiled at -seeing you monopolised by any one else. I fancy I saw the ghost of a frown on Ms face when he saw me. Good morning, Captain Thornton. And don't y-u in tend to do the Matterhorn this time ? Captain Thornton : No, I think I Jiave done with the iMattterhorn now, Lady ChlihVor'tu. I naive ascended It seven times. It has no more charms for ipc. Lady OUillworth : How man-like ! No thing but the unttttalnod Interests you men. Weil, we shall meet at tilbled' hote this evening, I dare say. I ura go Ing down to Zermutt now. I hoj)e to hoar of the safe return of the mountain party when I come baick. Good-bye. (Lady Chlllworth nods to them, mid leaves' them alone together.) Captnin Thornton : And so Mr. Leigli ton has gone io the Matterhorn after all? Mrs. Lclgiiton : Yes, I tried hard to persuade him not In his present at ate of health I am sure he was not Gt to bear the fatigue Captain Thornton : I saw nothing of you all day yesterday. Mrs. Lelghton (timidly) : No, 1— I stayed in my room. I had rather a dis turbed night. You see, Mr. Lelgliton started early with his guide for tlie Mat terhorn, and a lot of other people \ve;it too, nnd the elatter tuid uoJse made me wakeful. Captain Thornton (after gazing at her): How pale you look, and— what's that— a bruise on your temple ? 'Wiat wasn't there last time I saw you. 'Mrs. 'Loighton : Oh, it's really nothing —nothing at all. I— I fell— It was lny own fault I fell against the chest of drawers. Captain Thornton (with great emo tion) : Oh, my God— he struck you ! Miw. Leighlon. (faintly) : No— no— In- deed— indeed not ''Captain Thornton (turns away aud looks out across the valley to hide hts emotion. After a pause lie return* to her, .and, taking both her hands Iu his. speaks with an effort a1 self-restraint) : I am so dreadfully sorry for you. I— 1 can scarcely trust niytwlf to speak to yon ; but if the knowledge that you have a devoted friend wlio would uiaillv face death for you is any help, hear it from my lips. Mrs. Leighton (looking up into Ills face with tears in her eyes) : Yes, indeed !t is a help, a great help. I cannot i»H you bow great. (She sinks down on to a seat) Captain Thornton (bending over her) : You look so faint and ill ; shall I send for vnnr inniil ? ?Sinn. Leighton : Would you mind ? I will go and lie down again, I think. I didn't sleep well last night. (Captain Thornton retires. He returns with Mrs. Lelghton's maid, and -she goes away to her own room.* Six hours later. Evening. (Captain Thornton is smoking on the covered terrace. Lady Chlllworth approaches him excitedly, and puts her baud on his arm.) Lady Chlllworth : Oh, Captain Thorn ton— your poor little friend. Such a shock. Hor husband ! Captain Thornton (starts) : What of him ? Lady Chillwortli : Dead, dead ! The news lias just come — died on the Matter horn from exhaustion. He was a dread ful man. but still, he was her husband, and sudden death is always shocking. Captain Thoroton (as If in a dream) : Dead— dead ? Impossible ! Where is she ? Lady Chillwortli : In my sitting-room. I broke the- news to lier. (A pause.) Come to her — come (laying her baud upon Tiis arm). I understand. Captain Thornton : Has she asked for me V Lady Chillwortli : Could she ask ? Come. (They enter Lady Chillworrh's sitting room together. Mrs. Leighton is sil ttug on the sofa. Captain Thornton elts down by her. Taking her hands in his lie draws her gently to him. aud she bursts into tears.)— S. T. S., in ' Black and White.' 