ConYersioi of a Materia list. It never oocurred (o Iteid lliat his wife lay dyia^ until the very lint dov of her illness lie was a miu of singularly healthy disposition, averse on principle to painful thoughts, and I doubt if in the who'e o£ lifu mump I life hi* mind had dwell for live min utes together on the possibility of hiB losing her. They ware both young, and intimate companions-such coinpuniono us ?uany desire to be, aud few become. And iierbopB it wad liar sense o£ the value of this rum cuinpauiousbi|i that had made her, when tirst Hnr health declined, run inany nn uvoiduble risk r>ther ihun leave him to go his way alone. He was sorry that she wa« ill, sorry she should suffer, nnd he mi'sed her a» she lay ups>airs in a llionsunl wnyw; but though tb« doctor was mindful Io nay all the ' pre paratory ' phr4»6H of his profes sion, and though her sister spoke, as ?be conceived, quite plainly, it w.m as hard tor him. to understand that this wss more than a temporary interrup tlou of ther life as it would have been to bWieve that the sua would uot rise again after to-morrow morning* The day before eh* died he was restive', and after wandering about thehouse and taking a short wet*, lie Ot-ouple I hiniBtilf in pluuting out her evening primroesB-a thing she had made a point of doing now for tenepringe in succession. Tho garden sbe nnd always tendered, he said, should not seem neglected when she cam« down again. He had ratiier his own work got in arrears than that this should happen. The first realisation when the doct ir finding all conventional euphemisms useless, told him the faot at last in stark, plain words, stunned him. Even then it ie doubtful if he be loved. lie said not a word in answer, hut the colour left his fiee, and the lines about his moil* h hardened. And he walked softly, nnd with white ex prensionlpes feutures, Into her room. He stood in the/doorway nnd stared for a.minu'e at lier thin little features with the «yea closed and two little lines between the browsj then went and knell by the bed and looked olPMly into her face. She did not move until be touched her heir and very so'tly whi'pered her name. Then bar eyes opened for a moment and he oaw thai she knew liim. Her lips moved, and it eeemed that she whispered oi.e oftho'e foolish, tender little names that hippy married folk delight in inventing for one snotner, fcnd then ahe gathered her strength as it wjth sn effort to epeak distinctly. He bent neobnnicilly, and beard the the laat syllable* of " au revoir " For* a moment he did not clearly understand what the words were. That was all she said, aud as for him he answered not a word. He put hie hand in hers and ehe pressed it faintly, and -then more faintly. He kissed ber forehead with dry lipB, and little llnea of pain there faded slowly into peace. For an hour they let him kneel until>the end had oome; and all that timtrhe never stirred. Then they had to tap his shoulder to rouse him from hia rigor. He not up slowly, lient -over her tranquil (nee a moment, looking down into her tranquil face, and then allowed them to lead him away That was how Reid parted from bis wife, and for days after ho behaved as a mail who had been euddenly de prived Ot all initiative. He did no work; he went nowhere outtdde the house; he ate, 4rank, and etept mech anically ; and be did not even seem to suffer actively. For the most part he eat atupidly at-h:s desk, or wander ed afaont the-big garden, looking frith dull eyes at the little green hnds that were nsw swiftly opening all about .him. Not a soul ventured to epeaU to him of hie loss, albeit those who did not know him might have judged his mood one of absolute npnthy. But nearly a week after the funeral the floodgates of hi* Borrow were opened. Quite euddenly the thins came upon him. Her sister hsard him walk Into the study and throw himself into a ahair. Everything wsb elill for a apace and then lie-sprang up . again, and eba heard him wailing, ' Mary ! Mary I' And then he ran, sobbing violently, and etumblinir along the passage to his room. It was grotesquely like a little child tint had euddenly been hu-t. He lookedjhis door.; »nd her sister, fearing what might happen, went a'ong the patsage. She thought of rapping at the door, but nn eeoond thoughts ehe refrained. After listen inn awhile ehe went away. It was long after the first violence of his grief had ptssed that Reid first spoke of his fallings. He whs had been a matter.of-faot materialist was converted, I found, to a believer in immortality by the pitiless logio of her uncompleted life Jlut I think it was . an imperfect, a doubting belief even at the hest And to strengthen it, perhaps, he begin to k&ow; a growing Interest in the inquiries of tho«e who are sifting whatever uvidenoe there inay bo of the return of those who are dead, 'For I want my wife now," said hi 'I want her in this life. I want her about me-her oomfort, h»r presenc < What does it matter th 111 shall meet her agiiin when I am e.imnged and eh > is changed P It was the dear triviali ties, the little moments, the touoh of her hand. the sound of her voice in thi room with me, her distant sing ing In the garden, and her foBtEall on the stairs. If I could br'.ievo thai,1 he eaM, 'if I oouhi he] Wo ' Anil in that spirit it whs th.it lm Itopt to i'-* old I101110, and would eoircely bear that a t h i n ^ within ur without ehoulJ bt! ulterud in liny w iv. I'ho white curctiiiN time ha I linen there lftHt autumn hung dirty in tin1 windows, ami lbs little de-ik tlint had been lior own in lha Ntiuly ntond there -till, with the pen thrown down an he fancied she had left it. 'Here, if anywhere, linr presence lives.' Ilefr sister left him wheu a house keeper was obtained, and he went on living there alone, working little, and communing for the most part of these dead mi- morie* After a time he loved nothing so raue'j ?an to talk to her. und I think in !h<-sedn)'« that I was of service to hlin. lie would take inn «b >ut the house, pointing- to tlii4 trivial thing mid that, und t-lling ine some little aot of hers that ue Iiit lied therewith. An I he ulwars spoki to her as una who still lived. 'She dot**' «i and «o, be would say ; '-he likes* so and so. VVe would puce u.i ami down the rich lawn of his fiotl-e. 'My wife is particularly fond of thoso big while lillies,' he wo .Id saj-f 'and this year they are finer than ever,' No the summer passed and the autumn cams. And one day lute in the evening Iia came to me, walking rmnd the house find tapping at the French window of m.v study, und ae he ca'ne in and out of vlie night I noticed h»« deadly white and funken bis face was, and how bright his eyes, 'I have seen her,' he snM tor mn in a low, clear vjice. 'She has visited mi-. [ knew she was watching rao and near me. I have felt her presence fur weeks and weeks. And now she has coine.' He was intensely excited, and it wns some time time before I could get any clear story from him. Hit had been sitting by the firs in hir study, musing, no doubt going over for the hundredth time, day by day and almost hour by hour, as ha was wont to do, one of the simmer holidays they spent together. lie was staring be said, into the glowing coals, and almost imperceptibly it was that there grew upon him the pursue, j sion that he WOB not nlone. The thoughttook shape slowly in his mind, but with a strange quality of Absolute conviction, that she was sitting in the. armobair in front of him, as eho had done so often in the old days, and watching him a-dreaming. For a moment be -did not dare to look up, lest he should And this a mere de lusion. 'Ih»n slowly he raised his eyes. He was dimly aware of footsteps advancing along the passage as be did so. A wave of disappointment swept over him its he eaw the chair was empty, and this incontinently gave pleoe to a tumult of surprise and joyful emotion. For he eaw her-saw h r distinctly. She was standing behind the chair, leaning over the back of it, and smiling the tender smile he knew so well. So in her life she had stood many a time and listened to hira, smiling gently. The firelight played upon her face. 'I saw her as plainly as I see yoa* he eaid, 'I saw a emile in hnr eyes, and my heart leapt out to her. For a moment ho was motionless, entranced, and with an inntantane >UB appreciation of the tranaitorine<s o* this ap,)earaDoo Then suddenly the duor opened, the shadows in the room rushed headlo ig, and the housem-tid oaine in with the lamp lit, and without the shade-n dizzling glare of naked tllarae. The yellow light eplaiibed over the ro >m, and brought out every, thing clear and -vivid. By mere reflex aotion he turned his bead at the sound of ths door-handle, and forwith turned it back again. But the fic« he had longed for so patiently had vanished with the shadows before tbo Hiht. Every thing woe abruptly plain and miterial. The girl replenished the Gre, nwvel ths nrmchnir on one side, and tooV away the scuttle-lining to refill it with ooats, A curloin bishfullness made Reid pretend to ratke notes at his table u itil these offices were accomplished, then ho looked across the fire-plsce a-xain, and the room was empty. The senna of her prosenoe, too, had goni'. He culled upon her nsme again and again, rubbe I his eye', and triad to force her return by conoentnting his mind upon her. But nothing availed, He oould see her no more. He allowed me to cross-examine him in the moat detailed way upon this story. His manner was the sane, so, convincing, and his honesty no indisputable, that I went to boil that night with my beliefs and di«heli«f* , greatly nhnken. Hitherto I Irid doubted evdrv ghost-story I hid heard ; but here, at last, was one of a different quality. Indeed. I went to bed that night an unwilling convert to the belief in the phantasms of those who are dead, and all that that belief implies. My faith ii He id was confirmed hy the fact that frr> n late August when this hapnensd, ti'l D-cmher, he did not see the apparition aenin. Had it been an hallucination begotten of his own intenne brooding it mint inevit abbly huve recurred. But it was presently to be proved beyond all question that the thing he saw was an exterior presence. Night after night be sat in his study, longing for the repetition for that strange experi ence ; and at lent, after many eights, he saw her for the second time. It WHS e.-itller in the evening, but wlioi the shorter winter days the room WUB e.lrealv dark. Once inure lis looked inti bis study tire, and once inor i that fire glowed redly. Then tin ra oa ne the same sense of her prtaanoe, tka same hesitation before h . rained hin eyes. But this time In* loo'<*d over the chair At once and mw her without any II.-irIi of disappoint ment. At the instant he folt not the fainlf*Hl Biiupiciou that hi* home's du* opivud him Fur a moment ho was dumb. He VVUH noizoil with on intense longing to touoa her hand. Timn came into his <he«id some half-for gotten ntury thut one munt speak liint to H spirit. lie leant forward. 44 Mary !" h* huuI vrry noftly, IS =t nhe neither moved nor spoUu And thea (suddenly it see tried that nhe grew leas liHtinct. "Mary!' lie whinperwd, with a sudden pang of doubt. Her features grew unfamiliar. Then suddenly he romj to his fed, and as he did 00 the making of the illusion was demonstrated. The high light on a vase that hud bet»u her cheek moved to tbe right; the shadow that bad heen her arm to the left. Few people rduline bow liLile wo actually see of what ih before our eyes: a pitch of light, a patch of shadow, and all the re*t our memory and our imagination supply. A chance grouping of dim form* in the dusky, tiro I it study had furniibe 1 all the suggestion his lotiginir ecnses hud required. Hie eyea and hi* heart and tbe humour of chance hud cheated him. lie stood thrro storing For n moment the disintegration of th* figure filled him with a een-« of grotesque horror and dismay. For a moment it seemed bevonil the eanily of thing*, Then, a« he realised the deception hie *»enae« had contrived, he eat down again, put his clbiws on tbe table and burud bis face in liiH hands. About ten be cnme and told me. He told roe in a clear, hard voice, without a touch of " emotion, recording n remarkable fa<*t. " As I to'd you the other thing, it i* only right that [ should toll you this," he eatd. Then lie out silently f<r a apace. .. She will come no more/' he said at last " She will eome no more." And fuddenly he rose, and without a greeting passe I out into the night. TRK KND. 