TALK O' THE TOWN. Knoll sly Simgrildo, with his poisonous pill, Flics to" the Printer's Devil. — Horace Smith. The Premier's attitiuli; on Federal ion is characteristic. He tells us lie does not like the Constitution. Ho fears it will smother the voice of the people, and that New South Wales will bo badly left, but still he has not the moral courage to vole against it. No wonder, after his pronouncement on Monday night— after his half-hearted, halting, nnd inconsequential address — an advertisement should have appeared, " Wanted a leader. Apply to the Free Trade aiul Liberal Asso ciation." Mr. Roid admits that New South Wales will not have within its limits the Federal capital ; he admits Free Trade must go by tho hoard ; he admits that by the equal representation in the Senate tlio smaller States are endowed with the power to do any amount of mischief, and thwart the will of the other States— hut, says Mr. Reid, "I cannot liml it in my heart to desert thu cause." The swagger delegates of the other colonies must certainly have hypnotised Mr. Reid, and it is littlo wonder thst his great supporter, the 'Daily Telegraph,"— a paper that has stuck to him for years with a con sistency rare in that hysterical daily — is ilis- gusteil, anil says, no ilonlil more iu sorrow than in anger, " for weeks he has been sitting on a rail, apparently counting the chalices of the failure or success of the Convention Hill when it. goes to the Referendum. Mis declaration last night leads In the conclusion that he thinks the chances are on the side of success, and as Providence is said to light, on the side of lag battalions, so Mr. Reid, whilo protesting so much against tho measure, lias decided to vote with what ho apparently thinks will he the majority. He may lie right in his political prescience ; hut tho method hy which in his long, laboured, and elaborate deliverance lie arrived at this con clusion is not calculated to either aid the cause of Federation or to add to Mr. Rcid's reputation as a sincere and whole-hearted advocate of that cause." Remember, litis is not, the language of ono who has always heen opposed to Federation or Reid. It is that of a paper which has lioomcil the double for yearn, and only went hack on Federation wlion tho proceedings at Melbourne showed that tlio other colonics did not want unity so much as tlio humiliation and robbery of New South Wales. Regarding the capital, Mr. Reid was charmingly frank. He admitted he know that New Smith Wales would not have Hie ghost of a show. In his own words, if they iiad proposed in the < 'miveiit ion that, this colony should have the capital within its teiritorv, "we would have been simply exposing the colony to the liiiiuili.it ion of defeat. Only probably t wo or three out of the fifty would have supported it." As the child is father of the man, so is the Conven tion father of tin' Federal I'ariiameut, ami he and everybody else must know that for this colony to enter into a Federation would ho like an honest man entering a house of thieves. If he did so, with his eyes open, and a knowledge of the eli.traeter of the place, then ho would deserve little sympathy. By the way, the "Evening News"' con cludes an article bended, "On the Tight rope," in these words The practical result, as far as the Premier himself is con cerned, is that he stands on velvet, lie lias established a feat of hedging unparalleled in New South Wales polities. If the people accept Federation they will lie following his personal example in voting ; if thoy reject it they will lie taking to heart his' warnings about finance and the Senate ; if they approve but do not vote in sufficient, num bers to endorse the Constitution they will lie exercising a prudence modelled on Ilis own." Ill view of the extraordinary attitude of tlie Premier, which may lie described as some what akin to that of the worthy who, in oiiler to " maku his marble good' with both sides, remarked "God is good, and tlio devil himself isn't had"— it behoves all who have tho weal of New South Wales at heart— who desire to conserve the liberties that have heen won and are being enjoyed, to remember Sir John Robertson's words and keep their powder dry for (lie referen dum day. Tliey should not he caught on tliu hop, for they must remember that if they make a mistake it must lie endured. Federa tion isn't like marriage. There it no divorce court to dissolve the union. J The Sectional Committee, which is iuquir- ! ing into the proposal to construct a railway I from Warren to Coouamhlc has been taking | evidence at. Warren, Hullagreeii, ('oomuiihlu, (liilarginnlione, Gilgandra, Are. It is now sitting at Dubho. Evidently Air. l'lwing and his colleagues intend to hear cvcrlhing that, can lie said about tlio Ministerial " cock- spilt " railway as well as tho alternate routes to Cooniimhle proposed. Speaking from a national standpoint, — and putting aside all local feelings or prejudices, — 1 can lis, illy help saying that the Minister for Works cannot have given the subject that con sideration, which should he devoted to a proposal to commit the colony to a large ex penditure, — wlion ho proposod tliu Warron- Coouumble line. It may ho that in the years to conic a railway to Hullagreeii may ho required,— as a sort of branch or feeder, — hut certainly tliu railway line that is to reach Cuuiiatobk' and Walgotl, and tap the Caslloi tagh, must go parallel with net I lenient and not cut across the country. A railway to Coonainble via Warren would benefit only u handful of peoplo, — one frepi Dubbo would servo a large, inoroasing, and sottlcd popula tion on oithor sido for 90 miles. And no doubt, such practical mon as Messrs. Etving, Hassall, and Roborts trill so think. In tlioir dosiro to stand by tho " report, tlio whole report, and nothing hut tho report," tho Finnnco Committoo ltnH tied up tho Council in a hit of a knot. No doubt tho intention was good nnd tho suggestion mado by tho Committeo wise, but what was in tended — that is a restraint on oxpondituro — could have been compassed without any hard and fast rulo boing adopted. As things arc now, after last Monday's report boing adopted, the Council cannot legally expend a red cent, until tho resolution of Monday evoning is rescinded, nnd that can only ho done hy a call of tlio Council. If the "Grand Old Alan," now wracked with pni", and resting at Hnwanlon, takes his usual interest in currant ovents, ho must feel that th.i whirligig of timo has brought its rovengo. Thoso who wlion lie was a dominant fnctor in British politics never tired of abusing him and his Foreign policy, and lauding to th- skies the Alai-ipus of Salisbury are lio ' : -. I ingj at the noble lord. Tho Tories and ,Y- lingoes are rending him, and yelling out in : his weakness and vacil lation have s laiiiceil British supremacy. Even his diplomacy has not boon equal to out-genoralling I'm brusque German or lite wily Russian. T.'my are calling upon him to give up,the niaiiagcin nit of tho Foreign Office to All. Balfour, (he erudite and versatile author of ' I'hilo-pliie Doubt." And tlio moral of all of Hit-- is that the dingoes in the past did not know what, tliey were doing when they were describing Gladstone as spineless, anil Bisncirk hail pretty well sized up Lord Salisbury wluui he said lie was "' a wooden lath painted to represent iron." A friend sends me this; — -"We had met one evening out hack, at the Royal, about, a dozen of its, and the talk drifted to marriage aiul how to manage wives. 'All!' said A, 'you should do lis 1 did -start from the jump, and put your foot down, and show you are boss. Why. my wife would no sooner think 1 At this point, the window was thrown open, aud a voice botween a buzz saw and a child scratching a pencil on a slate called out, ' Are you there I' The portly Item who had declaimed what he did, calmly put down the glass of whisky ho was balancing in his hands, anil said. 'Coming, love!" and quietly walked out. Such is the stuff of what heroes are made." Wild, HONKYCOAIR. 