OUR LISMORE LETTER. May 5. — The people of Lismore have certainly no ground for complaint in the mutter of en tertainment provided for them. We havo had quite a siring of entertainments — and other public functions which hardly come under thut category — lately. For several nielits, some two or three weeks ago, the ' West End' presented quite n giddy, not to say overpowering, appearance. Both the halls were crammed, bands were playing, und thut part of the towu was illuminated by all kinds of lights. Il was a curious medley. . The sweet melodies of the Sulvution Army band blended with other band music, and thrown in wore the vurious invitations to walk in nnd seo the champion lady 'knock-out' pugilist; the raucous appeuls of an old female to the bystanders to try their luck ut a table whereon Bome speculative guine was to be ventured upon, and other similar vocal efforts ; and the glare of the erratic spirit lamps suggested the idea lliat a slice of l'uddy's Market hud been shipped up to Lismore in a state of full blast. * * ? ? ? » Since then there hus been u succession of at tractions, and the bill is still unexhausted. Lust week the Presbyterians had their two days' Autumn Show, und did remarkably well, clearing over £50 for the Church fund. There was not an overwhelming display of flowers, but there were some lovely specimens. Some suggested thnt the Show should have been culled a Cookery Exhibition, ou account of the splendid collection of cakes, &c.; There was a very fair show of pictures, some of which were pictures in a sense not usually understood in connection with shows at which color* d and black-and-white nightmares are gravely de scribed us ' fine arts' ! The affair was well tuaiiuged, aud the real ' haggis' mystery was a great draw. ' V . ? * ? ? ? The Church of England people have their . innings 011 Thursday und Friday, and issue an, invitation to what is designated as a 'Jumble*'^ Fair.' An extraordinary programme is pro vided, which for variety aud originality ap pears quite Barnumesque, us set forth in the papers. To-night the 'spinsters' of Lismore are entertaining their Bluves and admirers ut a big dunce. Vvlio would not go 10 such a gathering, if privileged to receive an orna mental little invitation, so dainty us to suggest other duintiuess in the way of feminine beauty and costume? »»**?» Of course we have got a touch of the war fever — and a touch of other, and more malig nant fevers, unfortunately. The imbecile question, ' Is it hot enough for you?' has given place to one only u tew degrees less idiotic, ' Well, what do you think of the wur?' It is really funny to see how people buil up everybody connected with a newspaper — even down to the 'devils.' These festive inquirers put the question in au offhand, airy manner, just us if they were under the impression thut the newspaper proprietors kept war news 011 tap, nnd could draw it off just as easily — and 011 demand— as the fasci nating burmuid draws a long beer. Some of - these news-famished people seein to have u dim idea that the Chronicle aud the Star have \ a special cable laid on to the seat, or seats, of war. They get ' extruordinuries' several times a day, but, like the daughter of the horse-leech, or little Oliver Twist, they want 'more.' Those who have subscribed to a special fund deserve the extra news, ? the others 1 Federation is not vehemently discussed, and the only gentleman who seems really agitated 011 the subject, and who gets into a white heat, is an owner of a good deal of property in the district. As an ' antibillious,' lie is crushiiigly emphatic against this ruinous Bill, which, ou the authority of Coghhui's artful and discredited figures, lie considers is going to burst up his devoted colony and make a hopeless sacrifice of all that is good iu it — pro- perty, to wit. But he doesn't harrow up many souls, aud most people regard his Cas sandra warnings with a cruelly-irritating calm ness. Tiie majority seem to have made up their minds lo vote for Federation, and those ' .,who lmve not done so are waiting for a discus sion on the subject by the Cluues Literary and Debuting Society. When the result of that debate is announced, they will say, ' Thut settles it,' and vote accordingly. Our old townsman, Mr. F. Litchfield, who has fallen on evil times of late, like a good many others, had u pleasant little 'send-off' last Saturday evening at Ellis' hotel. About twenty gathered together to pay a wellde served compliment to a good old resident, and a purse which xhould have beeu heavier than those which have been presented to people, iu no wuy deserving, but which was not, was presented to hiin. The Mayor made a most feeling little speech, and there was infinitely - more of the genuine element of friendship about this little function than could be dis covered at any of the ' toffy' presentations I which have been so numerous here. A retir- 1 ing Civil Servant gets his send- off on Thurs day, but the town will not be decorated for ] the occusion, and crowds will not march through the streets waving their cups anil shouting ' Hurrah ! for ? ' until they are hoarse. It is rather strange, though, that the Government was not asked to gazette a public holiday. The ease with which a public holi day is obtained reminds one of the story of - the Australian town, the residents of which wired for a public holiday, because the cat belonging to the Mayor's household bad suc cessfully kittened, and all were 'doing well !' ****#« It is queer how the honorary Magistrates flock 011 the Bench when they are not wanted. That is on regular Court day, when the P.M. — who is an able, alert, and baokbony man — is in altcndauce. To-day thero were four there, only one of whom knew unythiug about law, the rest understanding law with us much clear grasp as they would comprehend Napier's logarithms. There is nothing offen sive in this, us each of the four will apply the exemption to himself. But it is strange that with n roster — or ' rooster,' as the writer heard a J. P. call it once— there should be so much difficulty iu gettiug a Magistrate to sit ou off days. And this in a town where one could not throw a stone without hitting a Magistrate. * * * * * * A notable feature in the streets is the con tinuous arrival of bullock teams with timber, whioli is cut up at once. New buildings ure springing up in every direction, and yet there arc no houses to let. Dr. Couuor's splondid new residence is completed und in occupation, aud a great store is being erected by Brown und Jolly in Woodlurk- street. This will bo occupied by Messrs. Fraser and Co. ****** The new ' New Firm' are prepuring another big boom as au inauguration of the new 'stylo and title,' and those enterprising, wideawake yonng men, whose business energy simply overflows until they aro, figuratively speaking, up to their middles in the overflow, mean to make things hum, like an urmy of a million 'bumble' bees. The retiriug partner will certainly not be missed by the public, to whom he wus almost as much a myth as the famous 'Mrs. Harris.' The 'New Firm's' staff liav^ a busy lime in front of them. ****** That grisly phantom, the 'Gas Plant,' was mado to haunt tho minds of aldermen at last meeting, but' the alderman who raised tho ghost (Alderinun Barrie) allowed it — for some unaccountable reason — to rotiro^again to its accustomed limbo. Would to Heaven it wore the 'limbo of forgetful things'! Alderman Barrie had two motions ou t he piper dealing with that gruesome, ghastly Gas Plant busi ness, but he obtained permission to postpone them until the next meeting. Why this un savory business, which bus led to more ill feeling — malignant feeling even— than any other mutter ever before the Council should ho dragged up again no one can imagine, as 110 earthly useful purpose can be served, unless it can bo called useful to introduce more brawls aud unseemliness respecting this mutter. ' ' ^ 