CHAPTER X.-A HOME AT LAST. "I know 11)0 very girl for you, lny dear,'" said Mrs. Leekey, glancing round the pretty parlour at the Flatts. .Toy had lighted the tire and had made the room look very comfortable. "She's a London girl as came with her father, who was a clover hntler to a gentleman in these parts. He died, did the gentleman, and poor Oboafc took to drinking, and drunk him self to death, so Catt.ie Choate is left pen niless. .She's a good - hearted girl, and sharp as a needle. I've got her myself till ] heard of something better for her. lietoy and she do slap each other so, I can't keep 'em both." "Ilow kind of you," said Joy, giving Mrs. Leekey a cup of tea. "J mean to work hard myself. 1 don't mind work, and we are very poor. J want, people .to know it. Poverty isn't a crime; besides. J never did care about—about being rich." "If you don't mind my saying so, my dear, you're too pretty to he poor, and you could not do the rough work here.„J.t's not fit for you, that it isn't." •Joy laughed her little half - scornful laugh. "There's nothing I haven't) done, Mrs. Leekey, and there s nothing I mind doing, hut the girl would be company for me. This is a lonely place, but it is so pretty, and J like the sound of the little stream outside, and oh—it's a home. We have been so long without one. You don't know whot it is to feel there's a place you ca.n call home; and I like this (]uaint. old furniture." Mrs. Leekey nodded her head; then she added "'80 your good father isn't in? I came to see "how he was getting on; but there— it's best; to help folks by deeds, not. words, so I'll go home and send Cattie at once. One good thing is, she won't he afraid of ghosts. A girl of these parts wouldn't live here to save her life. 'J here's no such things as ghosts — you've not heard it., have you, my dear? — though J have known those as have." Mrs. Leekey looked hurriedly over her shoulder at the dark corner behind her. Joy smiicd. "(ih, J'in not afraid." She stood up, and Mrs, Leekey looked at, iier beautiful face, and then shook her 1 i ea (I— m ed i ta t i vol y. Jar's large eyes had in them an expres sion of softness as well a.s of deiianee. These two expressions succeeded each other often very quickly. The mobile lips followed the dictates of the eyes, so that tin one would look at Joy's smile and be lieve that she could do anything mean or tlislionourahle. On the other hand, one. could not say what she might do herself if suddcrilv roused hy indignation or passion ate scorn of some mean action in another which displeased her. i'>nt greater than passion was an expression of infinite ten derness which, like a. fleeting gleam of sun shine, sometimes passed over her wiiole com i-: uanco. .Mrs. .[/(key seldom stepped beyond the gate of the Lapwing: hut her motherly heart hud gone out. towards this a-kl who looked such a. gent lady, and who yet see! .ed to hurc no wish beyond that of leaking her father comfortable. "bo you think 1 hare made ibis room look cosy I'm my father?" she now nsk 'd of the hiiidkidy, with one 'if her rare smiles. j "They say a to.km 'an dm so mum m a room to keep the menkb.d happy. Sou said so yourself, Mr-a Leekey, and .1 do want him to feed oimfoi table. Sec—this grant armchair is s.o delightful when drawn up near the open grate; i found some great logs out in the outhouse. Jt seems so strange coming into a place all ready for one. It. only wanted a woman's hand to make it perfect." "And to think it- saw so much eonlrari v.ess, my dear, when a woman was here. ' Hut it. was her fault, of course. The men i rue always good if yon take Yin hy the | right side. Fl's no use handling a ted-hot . poker by the wrong end. Yc.u burn your- ; .self, inn! may break it off sharp; hut just handle it on its cold side, and you can do J anything you like with ik._ \\\ hy, if you j piling'" it into cold water it'll only hiss and docs no one any harm, avid soon if gets off I the hoi). Well, good afternoon, my (fear; i nnd I'll send t'ntiie along right away, and ! she'll work her lingers to the bone for a real lady like you. Cattie knows the quality when she sees it. Bless me, she's sharp as a needle. A ical Londoner she is. Tireir wits grows different nor other folks,, that they do." Jov laughed. • "1 11 try and make her happy, anyhow. We can't give her high wages, but she shall not be uiniappy if 1 can nelp it." When Mrs. Leekey was'gone, Joy once more busied herself ill putting finishing touches to the house. Her father had gone I out,' and had not jot returned: but he had ' promised not* to he late, and Joy bad been glad of his absence, so as to get everything m ship-shape order. Ben had brought the luggage from the Lapwing, and had given a helping baud with fires. Joy felt as proud of her new home as if she had become the mistress of a palace. In less time than she could have thought it possible, Joy, happening to look out of the window, saw a gin of about sixteen walking briskly up the path by the river. It was now getting dusk, and Joy was glad enough to feel that a human being was coming to keep her com pany, even if she -were but a ra&id-of- all; vvork. Cattie Choalc carried a little bundle in her hand, and when she presented herself at the door and gave a searching glance at Joy, her intelligent face beamed visibly. '"Lor', I'm the new girl for you. I didn't sec you at the Lapwing, though Betsy said you were fine as figs. At least she didn't say that, but something in her queer talk that meaut. it. Betsy's a silly." Keitber humility nor shyness " had ever formed part of Cattie Oboate's character. Joy laughed as she looked at the upturned face with its snub nose, large mouth, carroty hair, and determined chin. "Will you come and help me, Cattie? .1 wanted to do all the work myself, because we are poor, but I can't quite manage it." "You do ah the work! Lor! you ought to go under a glass case, like Madame Tussaud's waxworks, miss," she said. "I'll run round for you, never fear. As to why, when I did 'uve 'em, father drank 'cm down pretty quick. If. give me an old dress or two, I'll run the ship." always dr: you'll give Oh, t'atLie," exclaimed Joy. laughing. "You wouldn't like my old things. 3 11 give you honest wages for honesty work, and you'll he a companion to me. . Cai tie's ferret-like eyes twinkled with pleasure. If she would have been awed by any one or any thing, Joy, standing there V> tall, and simple, and beautiful, would have inspired her with wholesome fear, but Cattie feared nothing. Like the man in the fairy tale, she could not shiver. Cattie had no bump of vene ration, but she had her likes and dislikes "t:'®Vso*!'',Ire«l nice. J„v. .~<1 I'd rather not have wages, anyhow til) we see if we likes each other. Ja.int every one I'll bide with. Mrs. Leekey. she s the right, sort: but lor', Bctsv was a fool. Couldn't abide her near me.' . Jov led the way info the kitchen, won dering what, her father would think of this strange specimen. As if in answer to her thoughts, Cauie exclaimed "'Tain t bad this place-pre! ty. too. What's vour pa like, uliss Joy.' What a queer name they give you when you was christened." , , ... "You musn't. run on to my father Jike that;, flattie. He is rather particular. Cattie tossed her head. "His words can't bite a bit, out. of me. anywavs. t shan't 'eed him. 1 m c.eme to be'vour help. That's what J ve conic for. not for the men. Mrs. Leekey, she thinks a deal of the men; hut. sues all wrong. You see, poor thing, she s lived in thin oueer country all her life. Dun no London fit- all. Lor', we're sharper turn-. V\h>, i von do look tired, Miss Joy Oo and sit : down by the fire, and I'll settle everything ; The old gentleman, spose, 11 want "is tea when he comes in, won t e? ^Ibe men aie for ever wanting sometnmg. "But. look here, fat tie, said Jov, puf fing her hand gently on the g.rl s shoulder, "if you come here o help me, veu know, as well as a kind of triend, von must keep what you hear and see hero to yourself. 1 must fry and make my fatijri comfortable; but 1 couldn t bear to— "Oh all rigid. I see-mums the u-o.o. D'you' think any one'll make me py something wimn 1 wouldn t. Lew hot pincers wouldn t. hire and i xaur wouldn't!. Tf you lei me something yon wants done, why you keep ya«v mmd easy and it'll be done." „ . , "What a queer girl you are sw.d -lov, smiling. "But it's a barghui between us f'il trust vow, (bit it*. Remember. J .1 tnwt vou as if you were my sister. > >« never'had brother iv.r sister. H hen I was voting, 1 thought fiat- T uon.( goo anything <o have a sister to take e of "Lor' Hid vnn. ^ on ami t •cm " Brats.is av.uh gir\ brats espcrw 11.v. I took care of a family ot ten once and ( eldest was twelve, loo,-: all my Urn. to prevent Vim biting enHi ou.er m,o Pt-.e hits, that, if did. him ''"d by,.- is 'l *At this moment Joy ward '.be ganh'ii gate shut, ami she hurried to t.-e door. As she Mfovl Lure. '.a Vh";.';' whilst, the winter d V civie-l it" oP- we.i a cokl. frosty smW. oven ,vr lat.ner fo ri faini: pang of regie:. Lis secrm. bun, heavy on his cons,-a.) on . ^ "father, you arc m"*; < <mm in. c.i i., thing is ready. (.-n t it ,™pul In red this boma'; Come >;>■ M-><t Lcekev has serif us a ./moo-, giri L> i-'.P me. Bhe is a sharp fork ^ aim • "> km/he.., quite a new, happy buigu. with no Inver ness in it. "<»■: b<? YM'>; ,!rt:'P.v here. T have g< t some uy and your slippm « air warming a,, i.m»■•; Mr Lydcr.r<! was spent as :>;■ entei'd house, n'ud almost clip.mcl'nrco. doy was certainly a wondevm lor], to make a man eoymori mrm, \\\ sun. a )ooi tw had been (a promise her ni marriage to Bir Ivor'. Why, th.e iiurgam hud been a. had one altogether. Besides, he nm-'.t fell Jov iV.d that. soon. How won id she recei-c t'>" news? Well, t-imrc v,a* i'liua cnougii. Be must pui of? the evil day fl" loTi^ -v- no^'iMc*. ! vor 'rr.^ut i ,v mean to keep h:-- to /u'h « oargtun. Tic had been a hi:::- exciled on thai evvii IwsMfv. 1.1,•••;.; (imt fiaimo f.oum. wait-big. Jov could be a f'ouriivss any day. fYkv m'arm 'lirr io u country boor hue Kir Ivor Drayton? Ao manners, a-ud no polisli. 7t host, 'nowovev, to let- tiiincjs their com -e, so he came into his new hou-c, and accepted all luc good things prepi'ved l°r him by his daughter. «!•:],t Didn't 1 tell \ou, Joy. that this was a first-rale lmu«"? h'o you have got. a eirl to help yon? That's right. loan-, not fit to do housework; it's noiisew«c-. Besides, ' want, so lit lie." "Mrs. Leekey has provided _us with all Die immediate necessaries, i'm going to cook a chick en for dinner, bow. q.Uvv. von can take vour nao whilst I go and sen to any thing. Where did ymi go this aifoi ,U"fve been to call on Aunt Deborah to see if she was in a Imlfor empcr. I feud her a hone the Flalts. and sue v.m m ''^fam «h»d of thai. I dare say she thinks Wheal thicker than vyaUw.( Imsules, I don't, like, fh.c look Ot Ke/.ia I, oo y.u . "A regular erab rj.j.le; but they re some what of a pair. You're are, a good mrij <Toy—a good girl. I wish , you had been wiser. Well, it is not too late: you must play your cards well. The old. lady "was immensely pleased flbout tnis house. ; At this moment Cattie Choate entered with the tea-tray, which she deposited with noisy decision on the tea-table, "So you are the new maid-servant," said Mr. Lydeard, bestowing a cursory glance at Cattie. ■" ■.. : ■, ■ ■ v- . "No, I'm not, I'm her girl/' said Cattie, nodding her head towards Joy.: . v "Oh, you are particular, as to titles. Quite right. "What's your, name ?' "You just say Cattie when you wants anything, and 1 dare say I'll couie along, if I'm doing nothing else." . "Cattie!" said Joy softly. ; "Well, I'm your girl. I'm not going to be a man's seivant — never could abide cm. "What's in a name, Joy? Why, nothing, nothing, I've often told you myself. Hut this girl thinks otherwise. Well, Cattie,. don't Jet , your mistress dirty her hands, I don't like to see rough hands." "If a man don't like to see rough hands, in the women folk, he'd best rough his own," said Cattie, tossing her-head. Don't be giving me orders — taiii't worth the breath that's wanted for 'cm." Strange to say, at this moment, Mr. Lydeard experienced a certain unreason able fear of Cattie; and when she disap peared, he said, lowering Jiia voice:— "A very strange specimen, Joy. I sop ; pose she's hot come from a lunatic asylum, has she?" "Oh. she is quite right.. She's got too heart, I think. She'll much heart, I think. She'll serve any one she likes faithfully"' i "Too much tongue for me. It's the fault of the best of women. Now, Mrs.' Leekey ; is an excellent woman; but, 'pon my word, • what a tongue she has!" "She is a good friend to me, anyhow," said Joy, piling up a great log on the fire. "Look, father, isn t this a splendid blaze?" As she Jen el t there after putting the log on, the iight of the fire flickered over her hair and on her slender neck, casting the finn «;hin into shadow. At this moment a war of words was heard in the passage. Joy ■ turned Jic-r head to listen. She had not noticed the click of the garden gate. What visitor was corning so late? KvidenlJy Cattie was dealing with the new-comer in her own peculiar way. She had heard the knock, and went to open the door, having already looked round and taken stock of all which the house con tained. She saw before her Sir Ivor Drayton. She had never spoken to him before, but she knew hiru by sight. "Chi" said Ivor, Who had .expected Joy 1.o open the door to. him, and was disap pointed. "Who are you?"_ "I'm her girl," saia Cattie, throwing her head over her left shoulder to intimate that Joy was in the parlour. "Well, I want to see her. I want her t.o come here." "Why should she?" said Cattie scorn fully. "You can go to her; can't you? You've got legs, I 'epose." "You're a queer specimen," "Am I," said Cattie, meditatively. "Aren't so slow as the girls here—that's all. I'm a cockney, that's what I am. Got a head on my shoulders." i'ir Ivor was not used to girls. Like Mr. J .yd"aid, he felt as if he was treading near a strange viper, and that he must take cave how he walked. "Don't care where you come from. I want to talk to Miss Lydeard." "I'll go and see if she wants to talk to you," said Cattie, unabas.ted. "If she don't, why, you can't, that's1 all. She ain't to he trampled on when I'm here, I can tod you." "George and the Dragon!" exclaimed f-'ir Ivor, bursting out laughing. "Well, then, go and ask Miss Lydeard if I may come in." "That's a. different story," said Cattie. "Step m, and I'D see." 