OUR BENDIGO LETTER: Wednesday. ' SLANDER CASE. (FBOM OtJB O0KBK3P0HDE19T). The long promised case, M"ColI v. Hoskins is being ventilated at last, and as may be expected, is causing a fair amount of local interest. The case was originally before the Supreme Oourt judge, and by an agreement between the parties, the matter was submitted to the decision of Archdeacon M*Cullsgh to act as arbitrator, and the inquiry icto the pros and cons was opened on Mondsy morning. At the outset it as desired that the proceedings should be held in camera, but the arbitrator over-ruled this plea. The alleged slander has already been published, and constated of words spoken by Cr. Hoskins at a meeting of the municipal council, regarding a dispute that had just been settled in court in favor of Mr. M-Coll. about some land belonging la ths lattsrgsutlnssD ia Qsany BitL •|a >i"T --*» innsamaaf miaa. .tha d«- • Cendant said that the words spoken by «ne were for tlie information of the councillors and ratepayer* of Beudigo, and that I did honestly believe that it was desirable that the citizens of Bendigo should be so informed. The plaiutiff (Mr. J. II. M-Coll) in his statement said that the statements of Cr. Hoskins that he (Mr. M*Coll) used his position Minister of Mines to obstruct the council from getting information from the Lands department, were untrue; that, bo far as be knew, no application sent by the City Council to the Lands department during the time he was Minister of Mines, and that he never spoke to the Minister of Lands or any other officer of the Ltnds department with reference to the land in question. In his defence, Mr. J. R. Hoskins said he had always been friendly with Mr. MOoll, and had as sis ted him at the last general election. He hsd also had business transactions with him, and Mr. M*Co(l had been a customer of his for several years. He never had a quarrel with plaintiff, and he made use of the statements folly be lieving them to be true. He would not say anything against any man if he did not know his statements were correct. If the plaintiff had shown him where he was wrong, he wonld willingly have withdrawn. He looked upon it as his duty to look after the interests of the ratepayers gmierallv, and if h» had not. spoken iu the way he had he would have considered he was not doing his duty to tbe ratepayers. The nityor. Or. Harkness, stated th*t Mr. Hoskins had never shown any malice with feeling towards Mr. M*Ooll, and always advocated that be be given reasonable and fair com pen sat ion, and be considered tll»t - whoa Mr. If.riii 1 1 - marit he believed himself to be justified in doing so. Mr. Hoskins said that the plan produced was not the original plan produced by Mr. M"Coll. Mr. M*Coll nd his solicitor (Mr. Jones) swore positively that it was; whereas, the Mayor and Messrs. Honey bone and M'Gowan were of opinion that it was not the original plan. The matter was at 6 o'clock ou Tuesday evening adjourned till Thursday afternoon, so that the evidence and the law points may be considered in the meantime. Thursoay, 6 p.m. In the above case, Mr. B. Hyett, solicitor for the defendant, has just concluded his speech tor the defence, and Mr. Jones is now speaking for the plaintiff, Mr. M*Co!l. The judgment of the arbitrator is not expected to be known for some days. A GHOST 6T0BT. - People living in the vicinity of the Hospital aud the Lake have for the last few nights been ou the watch to catch s ghost. For some time past numerous people have related impossible stories of a spectre being suddenly seen jumping out from behind a crate, and spreading out his wings, flying over the next fence before they could discriminate whether he was a man or a devil. As the spectral visitor chiefly dose lonely females for bis solitary visits, and as he wss becoming rather frequent in bis wanderings, on Sunday night Detectives M'Pheraon and Taylor and a number of young men stationed themselves at different positions, with a hope of investigating tbe personality of this immortal bring, and up to about 11 o'clock their eevch was fruitless, snd the detectives having other things to do, left the watching to the other young men, one of whom armed himself with a doublebarrelled gun, loaded in both barrels sad fully determined, if he got tbe opportunity, to send tbSa ghost to — well a place arber it is "hotter than it wss in Bendigo Ja^t summer. Strange to relate, aoon after ttie departure of tbe polioe (if you'll notice the police are never where they are wanted), a most unearthly shriek was heard, snd tlie crowd of young men rushed to tha scene of the trouble, where thej found a young girl of about 20 Sat ou the ground, sod all she was able to aiy was " The ghost, the ghost." ' On looking round, the man saw a figure in white running in the distance. Smsck went the gau, and at the sun momeat up leapt the ghost, and disappeared over a feu as, leaving its outer mantle atioking ou top of the pailingv Tbe men, thinking thev had put an end to the successor of Hamlet's father, rushed up to the spot, and found, opt a man as they expected, bat about half-a-dassa ysrds of light chess* doth fastened to a cane frssse work, which was swaying in tbe wind, through whwh wen two bullet holes. Tbey axxmined the maalin closely, satisfying themselves that it contained -nothi^cBtaal, marched off io triumph to 1 •be watch boose, claiming the honor of ! **' f ^ ' lag accident happening to a man named Newton. Sad to relate, tbe poor fellow . died in the Hospital oz Friday night, aad was buried en Sunday. On Monday night another miner nsaird John Cetrini met Ins death while working in the New Chum Victoria shaft at Iron bark. He was an experienced miner, and had been working at the mine about IS months. He is a resident of Glassy Flat, acd leaves a widow and Csmily. Cr Harkoess has been re-elected Mayor of Beudigo, no one else earing about the position. Cr Curtain is the new msyor of Eaglehawk, and is the first native to occupy the position. At the sitting of the local Land Board on Thursday, the application of Chas. W. Dyer for one acre in the township of Elmore was again postponed owing to the abkencs of the applicant. 