Tho Liberal Victorj'. Sib, — Thu 27th July. 1898, will ever be a tiny memorable in the history of Now South Wales, Australia, and tho whole British Empire, for no previous issuo placed for decision in the hands erf n free and uii trammeled populace wus so momentous or SO iniUglll. Will) UHO Caiaillliy IU ami liberty. Tho Democracy of tho colony have nobly stood their ground, and the in sidious enemies of freedom havo been vani]uished, never more, let us hope, to seek the oiithralment of the people. When wo ' consider the combination of forces opposed to the party of progress, comprised as it was of solid Protectionists, recalcitrant . Freetraders, opponents of direct taxation, discontented Civil servants, et hoc genus omne, all tho true friends of tho country must, rejoice exceedingly for the great victory gained at tho polls. An honest and o(|uitablo system of taxation has been vindicated, and tho uncrowned King of Democracy received the reward due to him from a gratoful and satisfied people. There caii he no disguising the fact that the result achieved iu tho late contest is an object lesson for all timo to those who would ondeavor to undermine tho system of government instituted and held sncrcd by the noble spirit that guides the destinies of the fairest province of Australia. The ? would-be autocratic king, Barton, pampered aud backed by all tho power and influence that the reactionary spirits could command . ' . or assert, has, as I predicted, been hurled from the pedestal on which ho had perched ' himself, and on which his- adulatory followers would inscribe you Mfc tangkkk, or, to be more explicit, ' do not touch me.' ; Lot us hope tho salutory lesson at the ballot-box conveys to all and sundry who are imbued with a spirit of intolerance, an intimation that they cannot presume too much 011 the intelligence of the cotn 'nilinity. This much Mr. Barton has been taught : That any system of Federation will bo distasteful to the people of N.S.W. unless a fair and just measure, based 011 progressive Democratic principles, is brought forward. That the vote just cast is an. unhesitating avowal of hostility to Mr. Barton's attitude goes without question, and proves conclusively that unequal re presentation and unnecessary taxation (relics of discarded conservatism) cannot bo foisted 011 the people now-a-duys with im punity. The Premier, having won the day in the late contest on the clear-cut issue as to whom would be entrusted with the work of consummating the uuion of the colonies on behalf of N.S.W., it stands to reason that all who desire it accomplished should give him all opportunities to do so, and no factious opposition should be allowed to thwart his methods of procedure. If the sister colonies take umbrage at the feeling in the- mother colony, and refuse to meet iu conference to discuss the terms of uuion, they must accept the consequences of being anti-Federal, unless it suits their book, or tho other alternative to federate among themselves. ' It is safe to say that this will not eventuate under the Bill. Holding the key to the situation, with a mandate from tlm mtiLiiln tri'rl»ninniT nm't jli 1 1 tprillM ( wllicll cannot harm the other States, 011 reflection), the Premier's attitude must have weight, and his definite placard should be taken seriously for consideration without demur. -All parties must acknowledge that the ~ Convention Bill as a whole is a nullity, so far lis N.S.W. is concerned, for each and all freely admitted amendments were necess ary before the Constitution could be ac- i cepted by the colony with good grace ; in fact, tlio election wiis fought 'out oil 'tlto question as to _who would be allowed, to approach the other States for terms. Since referendum day, there i'anuot be a reason able doubt but that a revulsion of fueling has -occurred in the ininds of the people, with regard to the pro posed constitution, and there can bo no doubt but that Mr. Barton himself has contributed in educating them to this to a great extent by his vauillating conduct. Either this is so, or tho referendum vote and thai taken at tho election, is 110 criter ion to go by. Apparently, the great body of the people favor a united Australia, but the feeling is not so intense as enthusiasts would lend us to believe. Looking at the matter from a rough scrutiny of tho votes cast (as far as I can gather at present) 011 the 27th July last, we find that opinion must havo changed considerably, or else in many cases voters did nob record according to conviction. Take the case of Albury, for instance. An overwhelming majority was cast there for the Bill, and ou the surface it was evident that tlie Into member — who was decidedly antagonistic — would not have the ghost of a show 011 tho numbers. Yet, a very small margin separated him from his oppouout, showing either a callous in difference on tho part of electors or a re markable conversion to the opinion of the late member.- Many other electorates show this divergence, and, without a shadow of a doubt, it is safe to assume that if another vote was taken ou tho'Bill it would be re jected by a majority. As 1 have stated before, Mr. Barton, by his vacillating con duct, has educated the people he tried to coerce. His reputatiou for veracity aud straight-going goaded numbers on to vote for what time and reflection have proved illusive. Truly as the immortal Shake speare says, ' We, ignorant of ourselves, beg often our own harms, which the wise Powers deny us for our good.' ; In the case of nations, as iu individuals, there is a Pro vidence that shapes our destinies, rough hew them how we will. Barton, as au in strument, lias failed. Too anxious about the shoe, he had 110 regard for the foot. Let liim who recognises the fact that' the saiiiu shoe does 11.1t tit every foot (thu Premier) try his hand iu the endeavor, and may the wise Powers add their blessings. — Yours, &c.;, P. F. CAMPBELL. 