VICTORIA. ABUHDIOGESE OF MELBOURNE. THE CATHEDRAL. We understand that Miss Wilkinson, A.R.A.M., Rome, has been appointed organist of the Cathedral, and enters on her duties to-morrow (Sunday) at the 11 o'clock Mass. Miss Wilkinson was for many years organist of St. Mary's, St. Hilda East, and is well known as a highly accomplished musician. DAY OF DEVOTION. Saturday next, 9th inst, being the Feast of the Prodigies of the Blessed Virgin Mary, will be a day of devotion. SODALITY B.V.M. The weekly meeting of the above sodality was held in the Sodality Hall; St Patrick's College, on 24th ultimo. The prefect (Mr. J. Calder) presided, and there was a good attendance The item on the syllabus was a, paper by Sir. P. S. Fearon, entitled " The True Gospel of Irish Freedom." Mr. Fearon, in the course of his paper, forcibly pointed out the necessity of Irishmen uniting if they would obtain that freedom which they are so desirous of. He further stated that, in addition to unity, Irishmen must be self-reliant, and quoted extracts from speeches and writings supporting his view. The paper concluded with a graceful tribute to the men of '98, and the expression of a desire that one of the results of the world-wide centenary celebrations would be to bring about a state of things beneficial to Ireland. Following the custom observed in the sodality in regard to papers contributed by members, .instead of a formal vote of thanks, the prefect declared the paper open to discussion. Members freely jailed themselves of this, and at the usual hour the meeting adjourned, after a most entertaining evening. DEATH OF A PRESENTATION NUN. The Holy Gross Convent, Daylesford, wtych was founded from Elsternwick, hap sustained & severe bereavement in the death of Mother Stanislaus Moran, who recently passed peacefully away at the convent, Daylesford. St Peter's was crowded at the Office for the Dead and Requiem High Mass celebrated for the repose of her soul. The cantors at the Office were Very Rev. M. Carey. P.P., and Rev. M. C. Gough, P.P, The R,evC*F. jO'Hanlon was also present. Tnejj^ill#m:>iase was sung by Rev. P/'M'Gee; deacon^ - Rev. J. J. Gallivan:; ^ub-d0»con, Revi, E. Keating. The finki. l absorption afiv, the catfl.fa.lque was prohpuucecT 'b^/Pr. \ M'Gee. As the congregation retired^./ the organist played the De^Jtech.; in Saul. ' Subsequently the funeral of thcTdeceased r^ligleijse moved from St, Peter's to the Eganstown Cemetery, the coffin-bearers being Messrs. Nelms, J. Hennessy, Crowley, J. Dyer, H. Colbourne, Power, and J. Egan. The clergy and altar attendants preceded the remains to the hearse. The funeral Tyas a large one, over one hundred school children walking in front of the hearse. The final service at the grave was read by Fr. Gough, assisted by Fr. M'Gee. B.I.P. PRESENTATION CONVENT. DAYLESFORD. Last Monday the Very Rev. Dean M'Kenun, V.G., Adm., presided at the ceremony of Reception at the Holy Cross .Convent, Daylesford. ST. MARY'S, WEST MELBOURNE. Last Sunday St. Mary's, West Melbourne, was crowded at the 11 o'clock Mass, which was celebrated by the nov. Denis Murphy, Adm. After the Communion, the Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna, V.G.. Adm., ascended t.lie pulpit, and preached from these words of tlie Gospel of the Sunday— " Master, we have laboured all the Might, and have taken nothing, but at Thy word I will let down the net." Tlie preacher said—From our knowledge of human nature we knew that many persons laboured in va'in in the pursuit of good works on account of their not doing them from supernatural motives. Tlie.v acted, in many instances, from worldly and selfish motives, instead of from motives of supernatural charity and the love of God. When such persons should come to be judged by Our Lord they would be found empty-handed concerning the supernatural and eternal life. There were others whose deeds had the character of being fairly good, but which were wanting in a supernatural motive. Spiritual writers had pointed out the defects of so-called charitable deeds, and had characterised them as being not entirely pure from unworthy motives. As an example, he might quote what happened in a monastery. In those monastic institutions each one's duties were allotted. There was a time appointed for prayer, work, recreation, and rest. Now, at the particular monastery to which he referred there was a certain novice, whose work was to make a certain number of small mats each day. He knew, however, that it was possible and easy for him to make as many more mats each day as that required of him by bis superior, and he did so, overlooking tlie value of obedience. As he stood before the superior, from whom he ox-' pected praise for industry, he received a rebuke, and was told that he had been working for the devil instead of for God, and that obedience was better even than sacrifice. That novice had not a good intention, which was able to kill selfishness, and made a man like to God. Hence it was evident how necessary and advantageous was a pure intention in our actions. Indeed, we as Christians and followers of Christ were strictly bound to have a. good intention in nil we did. We belonged to God, for He created us for His own honour and glory, and except we co-operated wiih Him in the performance of works of charity from supernatural motives we could not expect to receive an eternal reward hereafter. No work, no matter how good it might appear to men, had any merit before God unless it rested on a pure intention. For instance, if a member of St. Mary's congregation should give a donation to the building fund with the intention of having his or her name published, such an 'act would have no merit in the sight of God, who looked at. the intention with which we gave charity. However, there were cases where it was useful and even necessary that the donor's name should be published. For example, if a wealthy member of the congregation should subscribe £1000 to the Church Fund, and not have the fact published, people would most likely point him out as one who had failed in his duty to the Church. He need not say that sometimes money was given for charitable purposes by people who were actuated by purely worldly and selfish motives. It was a great pity that a Catholic should ever perform a charitable action from worldly motives. Unfortunately, there were some people who were wont to work a little for God, but more for themselves. Our Lord, in the sermon which he delivered on the mount, had told us not to do our works before men, otherwise we should not receive a reward from Our Father in Heaven. And in another place He had said—" I always do the things that please Him." "I do not seek my own glory, there is One that seeketh nud judgeth." Christ had commanded His creatures to be like to Himself. We resembled trees which bore fruit for their owners. We were placed in the vineyard of the Lord, who had laid on us this command—" Thou f&ialt; love the Lord thy God with thy whole heart and with thy whole go ill. . . ." The words of that day's Gospel relating to St Peter casting his net into the sea at the bidding of Christ recalled the truth that all our actions depended for their reward on the merits of Christ. We should endeavour to keep the example of Our Lord before our eyes, whose intention in all his actions on earth was the glory of His Heavenly Father. Having killed selfishness, we would then bear resemblance to God. The advantages of a good intention in all our actions were many and great. That consideration should stimulate us to be always careful to purify and rightly direct our intention. To those who acted from supernatural motives a foretaste of the joys of heaven was given. Those joys were infused by "the Holy, .Ghost, and could not be described in words. Such were some of the delights experienced by children in making their First Coinrnunion. Moreover, a good intention made us rich and great in a spiritual sense. We were made partakers of the riches of God, who thus gave His creatures a foretaste of their everlasting recompense laid up in heaven. True greatness consisted in an entire forgetfulness of self. Like trees in a vineyard, we were to live and act for God, to whom we belonged by every right and title. The riches and blessings promised by Christ, even here on earth, to those who acted from a pure intention exceeded all that this world could bestow. As the Apostle St. Paul, in that day's epistle, had said—" The sufferings of this time are not worthy to be coinpared with the glory to come, that shall be revealed in us. . ." And God had said—" I am thy reward, exceeding great." God meant heaven— the absence of all evil and the presence of all good. There was no monotony in heaven. The happiness there was ever the same, and ever new. In this life there was a constant craving for happiness. We placed the hope of happiness in one creature now, and then in another, but found no true contentment. We found that nothing was capable of satisfying the yearnings of man's heart except the knowledge and service and love of God, for whom lie had been created. In ttfe pi.tria.rcli; ^t. Joseph, they had an,4xajnple of unselfishness. He was poor ,jj.i»d obliged to"JaJ)Sur for a living, thoijfch he', had (MspeWicd from kings. Hie -was ttVegpardiaa'and protector of Oijlviiord arid Blessed Virgin Mary, to 'fyhieh high qflice-'he had been selected by;. <aOfh, ., b,Avas the humble and unseiflsiii tnftJ^^vhom the Church had appointed as her patron. Another example was that of St. John the Baptist, who, though not a priest, had been chosen to announce the coming of Our Lord, the latchet of wiiose shoe he had declared himself unworthy to loose. In selecting the patron of the Universal Church, one would have thought that St. John Chrysostom, St. Augustine, or St. Thomas of Aquin would have been chosen ; but no, the humble layman, St. Joseph, was appointed. He was like to God, great and rich, and one in whom self had been extinguished. That was the leading idea of the instruction he (Dean M'Kenna) was delivering that day. Another example was St. John Bcrchmans, who, althougii not in Holy Orders, practised perfection by absolute obedience to the rules of his Older, and completely subdued self. In the rule he saw the will of God, and killed every selfish wish and desire, thus conforming himself to the teaching and practice of Christ. So was it with their late beloved pastor. What was his motive in erecting so fine a church as St. Mary's, now near completion ? It was the honour and glory of God. As a priest of the Most High, he wore and spout himself in God's holy service, and in that of His people. To his fellow-priests, who were labouring in the vineyard of the Lord, it was a great consolation to witness the affection and respect in which Fr. Aylward was held by the people amongst whom he had laboured for so many years. Knowing as they did that he had unselfishly spent himself in the service of God, they should not grieve that he was so soon receiving his reward. Every Christian was continually assailed by three enemies of his salvation. All who earnestly strove to please God, and thus fulfil the end for which they had been created, were more tried by the assaults of Satan than others who neglected their duties to, God and their neighbour. A soul newly converted from the path of evil was harassed by the devil, who pursued that soul continually. and endeavored by every means in his power 1o draw it away from the service of its Maker. They should resolve to perform all their actions with the pure intention of pleasing God. His honpur and glory should be their first consideration. By a complete forgetfulness of self they would draw near to the Sacred Heart, and experience a foretaste of the joys prepared for them in heaven. The attainment of their everlasting reward was the blessing he wished them all. Amen. Speaking of the measures taken to complete St. Mary's, the Dean said jje was pleased to be able to tell the congregation that the loan floated by Fr. Aylward would be continued. He felt confident that no difficulty would.be experienced in completing the necessary guarantees to the bank. Their late pastor had guaranteed £1000, and he (Dean M'Kenna) would take up that promise, and become surety for the same amount. There was no reason to believe that anyone signing the guarantees would ever be asked to pay a call. The congregation 6hould prove their regret and admiration for Fr. Aylward by'continuing their subscriptions to the church till it should ha completed and out of debt. , And then' they could deem it a memorial of his zeal for God's honour and glory an* their own sanctification and M] v,'it ion, They would, he felt confi dent, encourage the administrator of the parish, Fr. Murphy, whom he (th* Dean) had installed that day. Tliev would work loyally with Fr. Murnhv and aid him to continue the good work of completing their fine church, which would be a monument, of their faith and generosity. In the absence of the Archbishop, he did not wish to make a permanent appointment, although his Grace had given him full authoritv in all matters relating to the diocese The usual practice in such cases was to appoint an administrator. He hoped that the people would work with Fr. Murpliy as they had done With their late pastor. He did not care to say much about Fr. Murphy as he was present. He had been curate to him (the Dean) for some time and he could say that Fr. Murphy had' the ability and capacity to fill anv portion in the Church. After Mass a meeting of the building committee was held at the presbytery Tlie Very Rev. the Administrator of the Archdiocese presided. The question of continuing tlie contracts for the completion and seating of St, Mary's was discussed, and it was decided to proceed with the work, as originally intended before the lamented death of Fr. Aylward. The necessary guarantees to the bank, it was understood would be forthcoming. ' On the motion of air. T. M'Donald (Colonial Bank), seconded bv Mr. M P. Jageurs. a cordial vote of thanks was passed to Dean M'Kenna for his generous offer to guarantee £1000 to the bank. In acknowledging the compliment the Dean expressed the hope that the parishioners would show their love and esteem for their late pastor by signing the necessary guarantees to tlie bank, so that the completion of St. Mary's might go on without delay. There was not the slightest reason to believe that any of the guarantors would ever be called on to pay the bank. Catholic faith and generosity, he felt assured, would see that the entire liability now incurred would be paid in due course of time by the parishioners and their friends. Mr. J. Fogarty. J. P.. as senior member of St. Mary's parish, extended a warm welcome to the administrator, which was seconded by Mr. Jageurs. Fr. Murphy briefly acknowledged the compliment, and the company separated. MISSION AT HAWTHORN. A week's mission was commenced in the Church of the Immaculate Conception, Hawthorn, on Sunday evening, to enable all parishioners to comply with the Easter precept The opening sermon was preached by the Rev. D. Manning, S.J. On Monday and Tuesday evening the Rev. J. Claffey, S.J., preached. The mission will close on Sunday (to-morrow) evening. CHARITY SERMONS. The annual charity sermons at St. Mary's, St. Kilda, in aid of the local conference of the St Vincent de Paul, occur this year at a time when its funds are completely exhausted. W orse still, there is a balance on the wrong side of £6 7s lOd. On to-morrow (Sunday) the Rev. T. Browne, S.J., will appeal to the charity of the congregation on behalf of the conference at the 11 o'clock Mass, and the Rev. J. Collins will do so at the evening service. During the closing weeks of autumn and the beginning of winter the drain on the scant funds of the conference has been very heavy, notwithstanding the care that is taken to only help the most deserving objects of charity. Some of the families to whom relief is given are really in a condition so pitiful that if the particulars of these cases were laid before a humane and Christian people in the House of God, they could not, from any motive but sheer inability, refuse to contribute to the best of their ability. This is what the preachers to morrow will ask, and the need of a generous response being painfully urgent, it may, We should hope, be confidently anticipated that the result will not be a disappointment to the members of the society, or to those afflicted people who are awaiting the Resistance that has had to be postponed. ALTAR ATTENDANTS AT 6T. PATRICK'S . . CATHEDRAL. . A very pleasing and edifying, sight was presented at the Cathedral on Sunday last, when about two hundred members of the various altar attendants societies of Melbourne and suburbs assembled to celebrate the feast of St. Aloysius. In the morning, a long procession of assistants, vested in surplice >and soutane, and varying In age from about 9 to 30 years, marched from the sacristy to the high altar, where the Rev- Fr. Keogh was in, readiness to celebrate the 8 o'clock Maes. During tlie service several hymns were sung, and towards its conclusion all the members, kneeling in turn on tlie altar steps, received Holy Communion. In the afternoon another large gathering of alta.r attendants was present to assist at Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament. Before the ceremony the Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna, V.G., delivered a most instructive and practical discourse to those assembled. He reminded them of the great privilege which they enjoyed in being allowed to approach so near to the Holy of Holies, and warned them against carelessness in the performance of their duties. Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was then given by the Dean, and after the hymn " Hail Queen or Heaven " had been sung, the long procession was reformed, and the altar attendants retired to the sacristy. It may be of interest to add that a movement is on foot to amalgamate the various altar attendants societies of Melbourne and suburb.':. The object of the amalgamation is the general improvement of the members themselves, and of the manner in 'which they perform their duties in the sanctuary. GEELONG. (From our own Correspondent.) On 22nd ultimo a special meeting of the St. Vincent de Paul Society was held for the purpose of receiving collecting-books and subscriptions, and preparing report and balance-sheet for the ensuing year. The members of St. Mary's C.Y.M. Society held a social in St. Mary's Hall on 24th ultimo. There were about 50 couples present, and dancing was continued till 2 o'clock. The arrangements were complete, and were in the hands of the secretary (Mr. C. Walsh). Sirs. Doherty presioed at the piano, Mr. W'ilkius had charge of the catering, and Mr. E. W. Dobson made an efficient. M.C. 