BALLARAT MOTHERS’ UNION. (Read Galatians, 5th chapter, beginning at the 13th verse.) ADDRESS BY MRS E. NEVETT, ON “BIBLE TEMPERANCE." What is temperance as t[?]ght in the Bible, or rather, what is God’s teaching about temperance (the word itself means self control), and what do we mean by the lasta of the flesh 1 Asa child, I can remem ber thinking only of that word ‘lnst’ ns something bad—a word to be shunned in general conversation. Well, in this epistle of St, Paul to the Galatians we Bee it used in its proper senee. • Walk in the Spirit and ye shall not fulfil the lasts of the flesh, for the flesh lustoth against the Spirit and the Spirit against the flesh.’ The true meauing of the word then Is the desire and the flesh and the spirit, desire or lust one against the other, and the apostle continues, ‘ They that are Christ’s have aruoified the flesh with the affections and lusts thereof.’ God has oreated us with those earthly bodies full of desires, and if we refuse to attend to the desirea of the body, it will soon die. For instance when we are hungry we desire to eat; thirsty, to drink; tired, to rest; weary, to sleep. The body also desires work to keep both mind and body healthy, also recreation after work to revivo the exhausted strength, to give new vigor or spirit, and to help us to do our work batter. St. Paul says in this Epistle, 'For brethren ye have been called to liberty, only use not liberty for an occasion to the flsßb, but by love serve one another.’ Again, he says to the Corinthians—' Every man that atriveth for the mastery is tempernto in all things;’ and II buffet my body and bring it into bondage, lest by any means after 1 liavo proaohed to others 1 myself should bu a osßtaway or rejected.’ St. Paul realised the noed of constant watch and anntroi over oar fleshly lusts, that they should not gain the mastery over us or over the spirit. I boffet my body, or bsat it, and bring it into subjection; in other words, I gain th 9 mastery over self, the flssli, and the devil. Now what is Bible tem perance, for the temperance we hear ao much about with regard to drink is not temper ance, except in one thing, and a total abstainer from drink may be very intemper ate in other things. In the Church of Eng land oatechism at our baptism we are taught that we promise to renounce the devil and all bis works, the pomps and vanity of this wicked world, and all the sinful lusta of the flash. Wbat then does the Biblo teach us are the works of the devil! Every siu or everything that breaks the harmony of God's creation is a work of tho evil one, but there are certain sins which are peculiarly termed works of the devil, and they are pride, lying, deceit, hypocrisy, murder, hatred, envy, tempting others, and sins of imparity. Tho pomps and vanity of this wicked world.—The seoond foe which we promise manfully to fight against is the world. By the world here Is meant, not God’s beautiful world that we see around us, the earth with its objsots of glory and beauty which God has created, aod which He pronounces to be very good, but the world lying in wickedness or sia. In John 1., v., 19, we read—' We know that we are of God, and the whole world lyeth in the evil one.’ We know, for God has told us in His Book of ' Life thAt our bodies, these bodies of flesh and blood, are the temples of the Living God. In every human being there is ths life of God. In some wo see uo sign of this life, but it is there all the same. We caunot see the marks of it, and many are not even ooneoions of it. The Bpark of immortality has never been lighted from on high; they have never boen roused to the oonsoiausneas that they .are anything more than animals. Are we mothers doing all we can to cause the life of God to grow in our children's hearts, making them feel that inner consciousness of God, the dignity of manhood or womanhood —or are we merely training them to be intellectual animals. The world that Christians must renounce is the world with its temporal and seen attractions as opposed to things that are unseen and eternal; the world with its vain outward show, its fleet ing glory, its low maxim 9 of principles of conduct. These things we promise to re nounce, and to seek the guidance of the Holy Spirit, remembering that the pomps of the world and the world itself are passing away. Pomps, what do we mean by pompß? outer show and grandeur, things whioh gratify pride or love of distinction. But ail pomp is not sinful, in some oases it is for the preservation of dignity, as in the army or iu onurts of justioe, or in the ohurch ceremouial. We have just passed a time of, great pomp and show In regard to our Queen’s jubilee. Such pomp is not vanity, because it means something, it was to show oar loyalty to the Queen. But the word vanity means empty; anything that is empty is vanity. ' All those things whioh give no real satis faction to an immortal being are like empty vessels, and we call emptiness vanity. When we are overcome by the world wo are continually thinking about the material things of this world; for instance, about dress, or how we may beoome rioher. or better our position. When we follow popular opinion or the leading of friends rather than the will of God; when we allow ridicule to turn us from duty, or refusing to join in bad or irreverent talk; to renounce God’s glory in preference to worldly plea aurea or advantages. We mnst look for the approval of our aotiona to God alone, and say with the Psalmist—'ln God have I pnt my trn3t, I will not be afraid what any man oan do nnto me.’ Here is a thought out of Anna W. Mills’ little book, 1 Faith and the Angel,’ as showing that no evil oan hurt the true child of God, one who has that per fect faith and trust. She says—'As you call forth tiie God-quality of faith within yourself, you will see it in everything and everyone else. The false and faithless oneß will begin to, one by one, drop out of yoar world. Their paths will in some way diverge from your path. Yon will begin to join hands with purer ones of higher motive, Prosperity will begin to attend you by'in sisting upon your thought going in a straight lino of righteousness and always pointing upward. You will encounter those who are reaching after higher aud purer things. You will see that you have not so tnuoh difficulty in collecting money that is due to you. People will not try to cheat you, or get the upper hand of you. Your quality of thought will not attract such people to you, because that whioh oornos to you will either oome purified or to b 9 purified.’ The third enemy we promise to coutend against as Christians Is the flesh, or tho material or lower part of our nature—our natural appetites and pas- BioDs which we have in common with animals; our uatural desires or lusts, which only become sinful when wo let them run riot with us; iudulgo them to exoeßS instead of keeping them in subjection and ruling them. In renouncing the sinfnl lnsts of the flesh, we renonnoa all sloth, gluttony, drun kenness, sensuality, and impurity—the end of which things, if we indulge them, is death; spiritual death ae well as bodily. We oan make every natural desire that God has given us a sinful doeiro by allowing it to gaio the mastery over us. God said to Cain—‘lf thou docßt well shalt thou not be acoepted, and if thon doest not well sin coucheth at the door’ (like a lion ready to spring). The devil, or evil paßsion, desires to have thee, ' bat thou shnuldest rule over it,’ Caia’s sin was envy and jealousy, and by allowing it to take root and grow he beoame a murderer, and so he osst himself out from God’s pre sence. Let us hope not for all time, but so that his punishment might work out his sal vation in true repentance, We have just a glimpse of that repentance in the ory—' My punishment is greater than I oan bear.’ But this is a digression from my subjeot. Take the simple desires of the body and see how easily we oan make them sinful or hurtful to our life. We will just think of a few by way of example. Eating—The Bible says be temperate in all tilings and do everything to the glory of Gnd, even eating, driuking, sleeping, working—we must do for the gloty of God. We c»n indulge the appetite in the way of eating, to dull the senses, to so deaden all our spiritnal life, to create disease in the body, and it ißafaot that more people in the world die from overeating than from starva tion, aDd why ? beoause they are loving the material part of the body more thau tho life. The true life of the body is spirit, oot eating and drinking. We are allowing the mind to dwell on the lower part of onr nature, and bo it begins to rnle us instead of our ruling over it. Now, this applies to every material desire we have. God has given ns these bodies. They are necessary to us in this state of life; , they are beauti fully aod wonderfully made, and in the image of God. We are meant to cherish them, oare for them, olothe them, but if we allow the mind to dwell jin any one earthly desire too much, it immediately lieoomes sinful and a danger to the higher life—the life of God that Is in us. Take, for instance, the lore of dress. We like to look well, and that ia right; but if ws are always thinking about it letting the mind dwell upon it, it becomes vanity, vain glory. Look at the lives that are simply stunted and destroyed by.indulging ia this particular deeire. If a person is poor they will do anything and everything in their power to gratify self; even buy when they caunot pay, and so one sin leads nn to others, breaking the commandment, ‘Thou ahnlt not steal;’ decit aud lying, and often worse, if not checked and overcome. There is even more danger, with the rich, those I mean who can gratify every wish in this particular; their lavish expenditure does not certainly hurt their neighbors in many ways it does good to others, but what of them selves the lavish expenditure on self, if done from purely oelfiah motives, can only foster pride, vanity, selfishness, lovo of show and those thiogs can bring no peace to the real life of the woman or man. It all be comes vanity, aud if you watoh tho gradual growth of euoh character building you will see tho sad effect on the life. At first there may be touches of generosity, now and then acts of aharity, but as the passion gaias the mastery these beoomo more rare, and at last the good and uoblo instincts of our God given nature , die out, beoause we have allowed the material to rule the spiritual. Now this applies to every natural desire we have, and St. Paul says rule over them, keep them in enbjsotion, let them not gain the maßtery over you to tbe hurt of your true life. Aud our Lord says He who spake as never man spake, 1 Take heed lest at any time your hearts be over-charged with surfeiting and drunkeuuesß, aud so that day overtakes you unawares. What does our Lord mean by that day 1 Tho day when the man or woman made in the image of God has allowed the mind to dwell on earthly things alone, and they have by their own dot defaced the “ image ” and inado themselves what they are, mere animals, with nothing but low desires ruliog them. Our Lord Bays, beware, take heed, that ia nob My Life you are oultivatiog. We should, therefore, teach our ohildrea that as Christiana they do belong to a temperance sooiety called tho Church, and that they are pledged to tomperanos at their baptlßm. That their bodies are the tompleß of the Holy Ghost, and that whoso defileth the temple of God, him will God destroy, (or, in other words, they destroy themselves). That they are, therefore, bouoden to keep their bodies in temperance, Boberoess, aud chastity. If they are intemperate, they destroy their own life, and they will be happy or miserable accord ing to tho deeds doue in the body. And we must tesoh them that temperance is not to be praotised merely as a matter of health or a means of getting earthly advantages, but as being a duty whioh we owe to our Creator, for we are His creatures, and by living His life we ona offer him a more trno and laudable service. Few of us ever forget tho firßt sight of a drunken man or woman. The feelings of astonishment, abhorrence, pity, and shame. What a desßOratinn of all that is to be admired in manhood. What a dethronement of its majesty ! What a ruin of the temple of God I The body which God made io His own image pointed and defiled—the light gone from the eye; the tnugne, which should be the best member that wo have, incoherent, if nob binsphemnns; the mind bewildered; the limbs powerless, staggering to and fro. Well might our king 1 of poets oomplain—‘Oh, that men would put an euemy in their months to steal away their brains ! ’ That we, with pleaßance, revel and applause, transform ourseiveß to beasts. 0 ! are not tho miserable results of druukenneßs to be Been in our streets to-night in the lower parts of our boasted city—our golden city. Men and women for whom Christ died glorying in their shame, in the filthy conversation of the wioked, in the mockery of religion; having their understand ing darkened beoause of the blindness of their hearts, who, being paßt feeling, have given themselves up to work ail uncle-moose with greediness, having a fiendish delight in sin. Who oould believe that the lips which speak thnaa foul words worn once taught to pray, that those faoee, flushed aud di>fignred, were ones bright with happy innocence. It is told that when the great painter, Leonardo da Vinoi, was at work upon one of the most famous pictures in the world, * The Laßt Supper of our Blessed Lord with His Apostles, iu which He gave His last and best gifts to His ohurch, the Sacrament of Qis body and blood, tho painter has made studies for the portraits of several of the Apnstler from. likenesses of good men in Milan, but he had nob fonnd any fnoe to suggest the countenance for the Saviour. At last his attention was drawn to a youth named Pietro Baodinelli, a youth who sang in the choir of the Cathedral, and he had besides his exquisite voice a moat beautiful faae, a devout demeanor, and also a reputa tion of a blameless life. He made the study from this man for his picture. At this time Pietro left Milan to study masic nt Rome. There he fell amongst evil com panions, was tempted to drinking, gambling, and worse, he rapidly fell into the vilest dissipation, poverty, and crime. Leonardo’s picture occupied him for some yearfl, and I now he wanted the face of Judas. Walking the street one day he met a miserable objeot with a villainous look of his face, aud it struck him that here was the.expression he wanted. He took him into his studio, and when he had' made his skotch he was astonished to hear from his visitor, ‘ Yon do not seem to remember that you have painted me before, and to find that it was indeed Pietro." Yet there is a far more awful change- than this outward transformation from purity to pollution, from the sorviae of God, whioh is glorioas liberty and perfeot freedom, to the slavery of our own evil passions, the most cruel of all tyrants; from light to darkness, from hops to despair. And yet Our Lord prayed, 1 1 pray not that Thou shouldst keep them from the evil.’ Christ has work for His disciples to do in the world, that they may witness for Him, and may be trained to purity and firmness. They are not free to Bhun tbe conflict or to hide their light. They may not bo cowardly or selfish. They are most safe while they strive, in brave, patient faith, to fill well the place God gives them, praying to be kept from evil, and cheered by knowing thst Christ pleads for them. Wo mußt not weary in our work or fret to lay down our crosß. God knows when we are fit for the crown. We must not hold aloof from tho world or Blirink from duties in foar nr sloth. God would not leave ua where we are if it were better for us, and for Hia cause if we were away. We are not forgotten. We are prayed for and cared for. Christ knows ail about us, and in what sort of world we are, for He has lived in it Himself. He knows our weakness, and what help we need. It is not His will that the evil aronnd should barm ns, but that we should be kept safe by the power of God, while we strive to mako the evil in the world loss. There io no danger if we watch, and join our prayers with those of Christ, we may be as He was in the world, but not of it, separate from sinners, though living amongst them; tempted and growing perfeot through trial. Wo may here oarry with us the spirit of a purer world. We may bo diligent in the world, without having the world in onr hearts, or lettiDg the evil whioh mixes with its work andaareß and joys touch us. When we have done our part faithfully in nn evil world, God will give us a place in one where no evil oomes. 0 Lord, keep us from the evil in the world, and enable us to fill our place well, that we may weaken the power of evil, and grow daily more fit for the world, whsre all enjoy the rest aud peace of holiness. If I may nearer draw through lengthened grief or pain, Then to oontioue here must be my gain; Till I am so refined, I can the glory bear, Of that excess of joy I thirst to share. 