GIPPSLAND. (From Our Correspondent.) GipPSLAND has had its full share in the numerous clerical changes that have recently occurred in the diocese. New voices are now heard in the pulpits of Walhalla, Heyfield, Cunninghame, Bruthen, Maffra, Yarragon; and Warragul, Orbost, and Omeo will soon be supplied by fresh men. Some who take a keen interest in the material progress and spiritual expansion of our beloved Church, cherish the hope that these changes, may not be the outcome of coincidence, but the com mencement of a policy. Maffra. — The Rev. D. R. Hewton, who for five years was incumbent of the Maffra district, having accepted the North and Jtiast .Brighton m incumbency, resigned his position here. General regret was felt and M expressed by the people at all parts of the district when this was g made known, as both he and his wife were recognised as earnest and H diligent \yorkers in all branches of Church effort. Farewell meetings 1 were organised and largely attended at Newry, Glenmaggie, and 1 Maffra, and striking evidence was given at each place of the hold the i incumbent and Mrs. Hewton had on the affections of their oongrega- i tions ; gifts, addresses, and purses were tendered as tokens of regard, H and they left the district with the best wishes of all for their future 1 happiness and prosperity. The new incumbent, the Rev. W. Parkes, | has made a most favourable impression on the parishioners, and has I thrown himself into his work with characteristic enthusiasm. g Warragul. — Consequent on his acceptance of the parochial district ? of Maffra, the Rev. W. Parkes resigned his charge of Warragul, &c.; g He preached for the last time on the 26th ult. to very large congrega- |j tions, and many of the people were noticeably affected by the prospect g of nartine from their clerevman. On June 22nd a farewell social was m held in the public hall, which was numerously attended by the public, and no less than five clergymen were present. Addresses were given by the chairman (Mr. P. J. Smith) and the Rev. Messrs. Hunter (Presby terian), Alday (Wesleyan), Hewton, and Chambers. On behalf of the guardians and members of St. Paul's, Mr. Iliffe presented the outgoing incumbent with a purse of sovereigns, making a few well-chosen references to the appreciation of his services as a clergyman and his qualities as a friend. The chairman presented Miss Parkes with a handsome gold pendant, remarking that if genuine kindness and unassuming good nature could win attachment, there was no wonder this young lady had made so many friends in Warragul. Mr. Lewis then handed Miss Parkes a lady's watch as the gift of the Sunday school teachers and scholars. The presentation of an address from the Warragul branch of the A.N.A. terminated the dispensation of presents. To all these, on behalf of his sister and himself, Mr. Parkes made suitable acknowledgments. The Church people are anxiously waiting to ascertain who their new clergyman is to be, and rumour has been busy in suggesting names of possible gentlemeD to fill Mr. Parkes' place. . Yarragon.— The Rev. C. J. Chambers, whose incumbency here lasted. for over four years, has left for the parochial district o£ Trentham. Prior to his departure his many friends throughout the district organised a farewell- social, which was held. in the Mechanics' Hall, on Monday, June 27th; Mr. Nelson presided. Songs and addresses comprised the programme, and in the latter general regret was expressed at the prospect of parting with their .clergyman. It was intimated that later on a presentation should be made to Mr. Chambers. BairnsdaiiE.— 'The anniversary services in connection with St. John's Ohurch were conducted by the Rev. H. J. Scott, of Sale, on Sunday, June 26th. Good congregations attended at both services' in the parish church. In the afternoon Mr. Scott preached at Forge Creek. On Monday evening a lecture was delivered by the visiting clergyman on 'Memories of the Golden Fifties,' which was well received by a very large audience. Several ladies and gentlemen sang during the evening, and refreshments were handed round at the conclusion of the lecture. The incumbent, the Rev. E. Veal, presided. Sale.— Owing to the withdrawal of the local reader, Mr. Robinson, his late district has been divided between Maffra and Sale — Bunda- laguah going to the former, Longford and The Heart to the latter. The. incumbents of both places have cheerfully accepted the extra work, and all the. more gladly, as by the new arrangement a saving of £70 per annum is effected on behalf of the B.M.F. Meetings have been held at Longford and The Heart, with the view of putting church work on a more satisfactory basis, and matters look in the direction of pro gress. Eecently Mr. de Tracey, manager of the local Savings Bank, and one of the oldest churchmen in the district, was removed to Portland/and thereby left a gap in the ranks of the Sale pioneers. Mr. de Tracey was residing in and about Sale for over forty years. Steiglitz. — A very pleasant gathering assembled at St. Paul's Yicarage on Thursday evening, June 23rd, to say farewell to Miss Kirk (who is leaving Steiglitz in a few. days), and to make a presenta tion to her. The Rey. ,S. B. Scott spoke in the highest terms, of MisS Kirk's devoted work in Sunday-school and church, and in all move ments made for the Church's welfare. In making the presentation (a handsome gold bracelet in a pretty case), the rev. gentleman. said it had been subscribed to by the members of the Church and some of Miss Kirk's personal friends. He felt sure she would not look merely on the intrinsic value of the gift, but as a slight token of the esteem in which she is held by all who know her, and he expressed the hope that in time to come, when she looked upon it, she would think of the friends she left behind her in Steiglitz. Miss Kirk, in most feeling terms, expressed her sincere thanks for the handsome gift. Mr. Kirk also spoke on his daughter's behalf. After spending a very pleasant evening, and partaking of light refreshment, the company bro^ke up at 10.30 p.m, A similar presentation was made to Miss Browne, on July 1st, at the vicarage. The Eev. S. B. Scott spoke highly of Miss Browne's willingness at all times to help in any move ment for the welfare of the Church, not only at Steiglitz, but at Maude also. As a member of the choir, her place would not be easily filled. The rev. gentleman trusted that when Miss Browne looked upon the gift, it would remind her of the many friends who appre ciated her character and her work. Mr. Farrant returned thanks on Miss Browne's behalf for the gift. Tallangatta. — The new church at Tallangatta was dedicated on Wednesday, 6th ult., by the Bishop of Melbourne. The church was well filled, notwithstanding the dark and threatening weather. The Bishop, attended by Eev. H. M. Warry, of Corryong, proceeded to the main entrance, where he was met by the local reader and the church committee. A petition to dedicate the Church was presented and read to the Bishop by Mr. Coverdale on behalf of the committee. The Bishop said: — 'I consent to dedicate this Church in accordance with the ' prayer contained in the petition.' The Bishop then proceeded to the Holy Table, the clergy and committee following him. As the procession moved up the aisle, the 24th Psalm was repeated in alternate verses by the Bishop and congregation. . On reaching the Holy Table, the Bishop delivered a short address to the congregation, exhorting them to seek the divine blessing upon their present undertaking of Church dedication. Then was chanted the 122nd Psalm. The Bishop offered up special intercessions for all those who would use the church — for those who should be baptised and confirmed ; for communicants, for hearers, for those to be married, for those who would make offerings, and for all worshippers. The license was then read by Mr. Coverdale, acting on behalf of the Diocesan Registrar. The Bishop, having signed the same, ordered it to be duly recorded and registered. The church was solemnly dedicated by the Bishop in the following words: — 'I declare this church of Christ Church to be now dedicated and set apart to God for ever, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. ' ' Then followed the ordinary evening service, the Eev. Mr. Warry reading the prayers, and Mr. Wade the lessons. The Bishop preached a sermon from Acts ii. 42 to end, the discourse being an earnest and exegetical one. The words of the text presented a beautiful picture of the primitive church. The preacher dwelt on the signs of the presence of the Holy Ghost contained in the text. He had chosen this record because it presented to his mind an ideal church. He hoped that the influence of the Holy Spirit would show itself in this congregation— in more communicants and in more worshippers. He thanked God that He had put it into the hearts of His servants to erect this building to His glory. He expressed pleasure in dedicating to God such a handsome and commodious edifice, which was properly fitted out with all things requisite to the decorous conduct of Church of England worship. He asked his hearers to pray for an inorease of spiritual life in the church, and for the conversion of sinners. While the offertory was being made the choir gave an anthem adapted from Psalm 122. The offertory amounted to the satisfactory sum of £17 3s. The opening services in connection with Christ Church were con tinued on the following Sunday. The Ven. Archdeacon Langley conducted three services— morning, afternoon, and evening. In the morning the Archdeacon preached from 1 Peter iii. 15. In the afternoon the discourse was for the children, being based on 1 Samuel xvii. 40-49. In the evening the church was well filled. The Arch-, deacon preached, from Romans vi. 16—' Know ye not, that to whom ye yield yourselves Servants to obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey ; whether of sin unto death, or of obedience unto righteousness?' In earnest language the preacher said;— 'There was only one Christianity! Many lived and died slaves. When men were slaves to sin, carelessness, godlessness, and irreligion, it took something more than ordinary to set them free. The proclamation, by which the slaves of America were freed, was likened to the message of Christ — :to proclaim which their church had been built— which pronounced spiritual freedom — freedom from the sins of Satan. There was no reason why the drinker, the swearer, and the person bound by the world's opinion should not get new life. Christ arose as an evidence that sin had been forgiven. If men would only let the love of God into their hearts, they would be brought to seek and trust God, who would break the power of. sin and set the sinner free. No power under heaven could do this. Men would be slaves for ever unless they came to Christ. They needed to believe the proclamation of salvation, and put themselves under the leadership of Christ, who would lead them onward against sin. He wanted, each one of his hearers to say that night, in the secret of his or her heart, 'I will be a slave no longer. I believe Christ died ^for me.' If his hearers entered into the joy of God-given spiritual freedom, they would riot rest until all their neighbours shared their felicity. They would induce others to go to church, and the spiritual effect of the good their Church would work would only end when eternity was past; In conclusion, he alluded to the debt on the church, and he trusted that offerings from free and willing souls would be forthcoming towards reducing that debt. He hoped they would come forward and give liberally, so that the new church would be soon in the honourable position of owing no man anything. He looked forward to the church being a factor for much spiritual good in the days to come. The new church is an ornament to the town from an architectural point of view. The ground was a free gift from the executor of the late Mr. W. Dyring. The structure is of brick, and consists of nave and chancel. In the chancel there is a handsome stained-glass window. A handsome porch at the main entrance is part of the design, but cannot be proceeded with till more funds are available. The furnishings are very good, and include a handsome altar cloth (the work of Mrs. Coverdale), a Glastonbury chair, and a Kemball organ. The cost . of the building and fittings up to present stage amounts to £750. The porch and vestry will cost another £100. The architects are Messrs. Laver, Fick and Vance, of Melbourne and Narandera, ' a firm which is fast making a name for itself through the excellence of its designs.' The contractor, Mr. J. Brent, of Tallangatta, has-carjrjed out his undertaking very faithfully and well. 