TECS JflasM riM Br Mrs. G. Sheldon, Authoress of "Dorothy's Jewels." CHAPTER XII (Continued). Then, as the two men mounted the box and drove away, the policeman driving, she turned to Edith, with a charming smile. " Allow me to thank you, young lady, for soeakiiu; and checking iny horses so promptly as you did," she remarked, with enuaging frankness. They are very gentle and well-trained, but no one can tell what might have happened but tor your authori tative command." " I do not feel that I have done any thing to merit your thanks," said Edith, with an answering smile, " for what I did was purely involuntary. But I am very sorry that this unfortunate contretemps should have interrupted your drive." " I do not mind losing the drive, but I do mind being made so unpleasantly con spicuous on Commonwealth-avenue by a drunken servant," responded the stranger, (lushing with annoyance. " However,'' she continued, straightening herself, proudly, "regrets are useless, and 1 must make the best of it. By the way, my little friend, will you regard me as unduly inquisitive if I ask your name ?" she con cluded, bestowing a winsome smile upon Edith. " Certainly not. I am called Edith Allen." " ltdith — Allen," repeated the woman, while she studied the beautiful face before her, with strange intentness, the young girl thought. " That is a very pretty name, and it suits you. Now allow me to introduce myself to you." She opened a beautiful Japanese card- case, and handed the girl a dainty bit of pasteboard. " Mrs I. G. Stewart, Copley Square Hotel, Boston. Mass Edith read, as she received it, with thanks, and then put it carefully away in her purse. "Do you reside in the city?" Mrs Stewart inquired, still liugering beside her new acquaintance, as if loth to leave her. " Yes ; I am companion to Mrs Gerald Goddard. who lives at No. — Common- wealth-avenue." " ill! I was introduced to Mrs God- dard's brother, Monsieur Correlli, a few evenings ago, ' Mrs Stewart remarked, with a sligiit catcb in her breath, while Edith was astonished to see her turn deadly pale, even to her lips, as she said it. But she quickly recovered herself, although her beautiful blue eyes still blazed wii.li a strange fire. " Monsieur Correlli is a very talented and entertaining gentleman," she re sumed, speaking with her usual self possession, " but 1 have never had the pleasure of meeting Mrs Goddard. But i must go'. Miss 'lien 1 shall have to depend upon the electric read to get back to my hotel. 1 hope " — and she leaned forward and searched Edith's lovely face with a wistful gaze " I hope you and I will meet again some time, and dear, if you should ever need a friend, do not fail to come to me. Good after noon." She held out her exquisitely gloved hand, and clasped Edith's warmly, then turning, she swept, with stalely grace, down Arlington-street toward Boy ston, to take a car for Copley Square, while Edith, with a little sigh of regret over the parting for she never expected to see her again, went on her way toward Mr God- dard's residence. But her adveutures were not over for that day, however, for she had not walked half a block before she heard a quick, eager tread behind her, and, the next moment, she was overtaken by Emil Correlli. " Ah ! good evening, Miss Allen ; I thought I could not be mistaken in your figure," he exclaimed, in a tone of well- assumed surprise, although lie had known she was out for a walk, aud had come out himself with the purpose of seeking her Edith responded to his salutation in a courteous manner, but she was consider ably annoyed by liis presence. " Will you allow me to walk with you, since we are both going the same way, aud bound for the same destination?" lie inquired, in a tone of utmost respect. The young girl could not refuse his re quest without appearing rudb, but she was not at all pleased with the arrange ment, and betrayed ber feeling by quickening her steps, a circumstance which caused a frown to darken the brow of her companion. He endeavored to conceal his anger, however, by relating, in a spirited man ner, an amusing incident that had occurred while he was driving on the boulevard that morning ; aud thus they had walked on until thev had nearly reached . home, when Edith suddenly noticed that a woman was keeping nearly abreast with them, along the edge of the park, on the opposite side of the street. For the benefit of the reader, who may never have been in. Boston, it may be as well to mention that Commonwealth- avenue is an exceedingly wide street — or rat her, it might be described as two broad streets, with a beautiful park running the entire length between them. . And it was upon one side of this park that Edith saw the woman, who, by the frequent glances which she cast upon her and her companion, appeared to be watching and following them. Emil Correlli, whose face was turned toward Edith, had not observed the figure, which, just as they were about to turn up to Mr Goddard's residence, sud denly darted across the street, with quick . springing steps, and placed itself directly in their path. Emil Correlli turned his glance from his companion to the woman who had thus obstructed their way, when he sud- denly seemed turned to Stone, so motion less and rigid did he become. For a full minute his gaze was riveted upon the stranger, as if in horrible fascination. " Giiilia !'' he breathed, at last, in a scarcely audible voice. " Le diabU 1" The woman had a veil over her face, but Edith could see that she was very handsome, with a warm, Southern kind of beauty, although it was of a rather coarse type. She was evidently a foreigner with brilliant black eyes, an olive com plexion, scarlet lips and cheeks, and a wealth of purple- black hair, which was coiled in a massive knot at the back of her head. She was of medium height, with a plump, but exquisitely proportionate figure, as was revealed by her closely- fitting garment of navy blue velvet. Her hat was a jaunty affair of the same material, brightened by a scarlet wing Her small hands were encased in costly and perfectly fitting gloves, and her tiny feet in trim, natty boots of Parisian make. The moment Emil Correlli spoke her name, 3he burst passionately forth, and "! began to address him in rapidly uttered « sentences of some foreign language, which Edith could not understand. . It was not French, for she could con- vers;e in that tongue, and she knew it j i?0' German. She therefore con cluded y. mUBt be either Italian or Spwusj. \ ' s the girl talked, lier eyes roved from the man's face to Edith's, with angry, jealous glances, while she gesticulated wildly with her hands, and her voice was fierce and intense with passion. She would not give Monsieur Correlli an opportunity to say one word, until she had exhausted her seemingly endless vocabulary ; but he was a3 colorless as a piece of his own statuary, and a lurid, desperate light burned in his eyes — a gleam, which, if she had been less intent upon venting her own passion, would have warned her that she was doing her cause, whatever it might be, more harm than good by the course she was adopt ing. .t last she paused in her tirade, simply because she lacked breath to go on, when Emil Correlli replied to her, in her own tongue, and with equal fluency ; but in tones that were both stern and authori tative, while it was evident that he was excessively annoyed by her sudden and unexpected appearance, there. Finally, after another attempt upon the girl's part, to carry her point, he stamped his foot imperatively, to empha sise some command, and with a look which made her cringe like a whipped cur before him ; when, shooting a glance of fire and hate at Edith, she turned away, with a crestfallen air, and went, dejectedly, down the street. Edith would have been glad, and had tried, to escape from this scene, for after the first moment of surprise upon being so unceremoniously confronted by the beautiful stranger, she had stepped aside, ascended the steps, and rang the bell. But, for some reason, no one came to the door, and she was obliged to repeat the summons, but feeling very awkward to have to stand there and listen to the altercation that was being carried on so near her, although she could not under stand a word that was said. At last, just as Monsieur Correlli had 'delivered his authoritative command, the butler made his appearance, and let Edith in. „ Before she could enter, the woman was gone, and Emil Correlli sprang up the steps, and was by her side. He glanced anxiously down upon her face, which wore a grave aud preoccupied look. He knew that she was wondering who the fiery but beautiful and richly-dressed stranget was ; knew that she could not fail to believe that there must be some thing suspicions and mysterious in his relations with her, and he was greatly exercised over the unfortunate en counter. He had set his heart upon winning her — he had vowed that nothing should stand in the way of her becoming his wife, and now this the worst of all things — had happened, to ooinpromise him in her eyes, and he secretly breathed the fiercest anathemas upon the head of the marplot who had just loft them. Me assumed -an injured air as he came to her side, with the evident intention of making some explanation of the strange scene that she had just witnessed. But Edith did not wish to hold any further intercourse with him and, passing quickly into the house, she hastened to ward the stairs, intending to go directly to her own room. CHAPTER XIII. A MIDWINTER FROLIC. Edith had just placed one foot upon the bottom stair, when Emil Correlli, springing forward, overtook her. " Pray, allow me one moment, Miss Allen," he pleaded, laying a gently de taining hand upon her arm. " I wish to explain to you the strange scene which has just occurred in your presence." " Tt is not necessary," Edith returned, coldly ; " it is something which, of course, does not concern me at all." "Very true; nevertheless, you must have been exceedingly astonished to have that girl plant herself in our path, as she did. Really, Miss Allen, it was very annoying to me to be beset upon the street in such a conspicuous manner," the gentleman remarked, in a depre catory tone. " The girl is the daughter of the florist of whom I am in the habit of buying my flowers, and to whom I owe a small bill," he went on to explain, " and as she has sometimes waited upon me. she has taken it upon herself to dun me. 1 shall go down town and settle my account immediately after dinner, and they will find that they have lost a good customer by the out landish proceeding of this afternoon." Edith made no reply to this lengthy explanation She simply stood quietly listening to him until he concluded, but in her heart she did not believe one word of it. There had been such impassioned earnestness in the beautiful stranger's manner — such a look of mingled anguish aud jealousy in the glance which she had bestowed upon her — such vehement appeal in her gestures, and in the tones of her voice, that she felt convinced that she had a far mere serious grie- vance against Emil Correlli than an unpaid bill for flowers. Her companion read something of this in her expressive face, and was secretly irritated by it ; but he was determined to make her respond in some way, and he added, in a rather indifferent tone, such as he would have used in commenting upon any one : The girl is rather pretty ; .do you not think so ?" "Very," Edith replied. "But she is not an American— she appeared to .me like a recently arrived foreigner." The man flushed at this latter remark, but responded, lightly. " Yes, the family are Italians, and they have been in the United States only a short time. The girl i3 pretty enough in her way ; but I am more partial to blonde beauties," he concluded, sweeping a look of undisguised admira tion over Edith's fair face and perfect figure, which plainly indicated that she was a type of loveliness after his own heart. She reddened with indignation at this compliment, and drew herself haughtily erect. "Forgive me!" ho cried, and assuming an air of humility before ' she could speak. "" I have offended you again. But, Miss Allen, if you could only know how honest and sincere I am in my admiration and affection for you, you would not scorn me so." " You have promised — or your sister has promised for you - that you would never annoy me again," Edith began, indignantly, as she made a move to go on upstairs. "1 know, 1 know," her companion rejoined, in a subdued tone, and putting out his hand again to detain her. " But I cannot quite relinquish all hope, in spite of what Anna has told me. I could almost lay down my life for you, Edith," he continued, earnestly. " Let me try to win you — I will wait your own time — years if need be." "No — no! Why will you persist when I have told you that it is useless ? " Edith nervously interrupted. " Pray, pray do not refer to this again — I do not care for you — I could never learn to care for you — in that way." " You shall ! You must ! Oh, what can I do or say to move your obdurate heart?" passionately exclaimed the would- be lover. "Nothing — absolutely nothing. I can- not listen to you, and you are cruel — un manly, to persequte me thus, when I have repeatedly told you tliat it can never be." She turned suddenly as she concluded, shaking off his hand from her arm as she did so, and went swiftly upstairs. But she had not mounted half the flight before he was close beside her, when, seizing her hand, he bent his face, which was deadly white' from mingled mortification and anger, close to hers. " It shall be 1 " he hissed, having lost all control of himself " I swear that you shall yet be my wife nothing shall be too great a barrier to be swept out of my path. I have set my heart upon you, aud I would sell my soul to win you ! " His eyes seemed, in his passion, to almost emit sparks of fire, while his voice, though naturally low and musical, was vibrant with a repressed fierceness that made the girl beside him quiver with fear and repulsion. A look of terror swept over her face, an icy chill settled upon her heart, for she seemed to be impressed, for the mo ment, that what he had said was prophe tic of some evil that was to befall her through Mm. Wrenching her hand from his grasp, she pushed forcibly by him, and fled up stairs, and did not pause until she had reached her own room, and locked her self within it. " 1 will not remain here— I am afraid ! It is an uncanny household !" she panted, as she sank, weak and trembling, upon the nearest chair. She shivered and folded her jacket closer about her, although the room was steam-heated, and warm as summer. " There is an air of mystery about the house and the people in it that fills me with an unaccountable dread," she conti nued, in a troubled tone. " I believe that I will go to the Copley-square Hotel to morrow, and ask Mrs Stewart if she will take me as a companion, or at least re commend me to someone who needs such an attendant." Then she fell to musing upon the sin gular coincidences and occurrences of the afternoon. It struck her as very. strange that Mrs Stewart should know_Emil7Qqrrelli,and that she should have betrayed so much emotion upon hearing his sister'B name mentioned. She had said that she had "met him," speaking as if lie were a comparative stranger to her, and yet her manner had betrayed that she knew something in connection with liini that was either of a painful or unpleasant nature. Then that mysterious and passionate encounter with the girl whom he called Giulia ; what could it mean ? Certainly, something more than merely the common relations of a debtor and creditor. Edith was so overcome by her own in terview with the man that she did not go down to dinner, and also sent a message to Mrs Goddard, asking her to excuse her for the evening, as she had a severe head ache. She retired almost immediately, but was so excited that sho could not sleep, and lay tossing for long hours, thinking — thinking, her brain in a perfect whirl, until nearly daylight, when she fell into an uneasy slumber, from which she did not wake until someone tapped upon her door very late in the morning. " What is it ?" she cried, starting up nervously. " It is only I, Edith," said the voice of Mrs Goddard, in reply. " You were so late — it is nearly nine — I came up to see if you were sick." "No; I have overslept ; pray, excuse me, and I will soon be with you," Edith replied, as she sprang out of bed, and hurriedly began to dress. " Never mind ; I do not care if you a'-e not ill," the lady sweetly returned. " Go down, when you are dressed, and tell the cook to get you something nice for breakfast, then come to me, for I have something important to tell you." Then the swish of silken skirts told Edith, that the woman was. gone ; but a look of resolve swept over the girl's face, which was wail a,nd pale, from nervous ness and loss of sleep. "/shall have something important to tell her" she murmured. " I cannot stay here ; I will not remain another day in the same house with that dreadful man." When her toilet was completed she went down to the diningroom, where she found that MrB Goddard had already given, orders for her comfort, for there was a tempting repast awaiting her. She had not much appetite, however, for she was dreading the ordeal before her, and, after drinking a .cup of coffee and eating a roll, she went directly to Mrs Goddard's boudoir, intending to tell her at once, of her intention to leave her. But the moment she opened the 'door that lady locked up with her sweetest smile of greeting. " You poor child 1" she exclaimed, in tones of gentle sympathy. " I am afraid that you are ill, after all, for you are as white as a ghost. Lie down on the couch there, and let me bathe your head with cologne." ' Thank you, but my headache is 'gone, and I am quite myself again, although t confess I did not sleep very well," Edith returned, but wondering what had oc curred to make the lady so especially bright and gracious that morning. " I am afraid not, truly, my dear," madame responded. "But, if you will not lie down, sit over there in that sleepy-hollow chair, for I have something very nice to tell you," she concluded, in a sprightly tone. Edith obeyed her, while the woman's pleasant and friendly manner made her dread, more than ever, the communica- | tion she had determined to make. " I am alone in the house, excepting yourself and the servants," Mrs Goddard resumed. " Emil has been called to New York on business — he left very suddenly, on the night train, last evening, to be gone, no one can tell how long ; and Mr Goddard went to our country home in Wyoming this morning, to make arrange ments for a grand midwinter frolic, which we have been planning to give our friends for some time. We are going to invite a jolly company to spend a week with us, and considerable preparations will be necessary. I warn you, Edith, I shall keep you very busy during the next fort night." Edith listened attentively to all this, but the one thing that impressed her more than anything else was the informa tion that Emil Correlli had gone to New York for an indefinite period. Her heart bounded within her, and she uttered a sigh of intense relief at the good news. She had fully made up her mind, before coming downstairs, that she would leave the house that very day. But now she saw that there would be no occasion for her immediate departure, because she knew that she would be run ning a great risk in so doing, since she had no other place in view. Besides, she felt that it would be hardly fair to Mrs Goddard to go away upon such short notice ; especially if she was going into the country for a week, for she would then need her more than ever. Therefore, before Mrs Goddard was fairly through with her speech, she had changed her mind, and resolved to say nothing about her determination — at least until after their return to the city. " I do not mind being busy — I like it," she remarked, with a faint smile, as the lady concluded, while she told herself that the change and employment would be "very enjoyable. Besides, she had never been in the country during the winter, and she began to be exhilarated by the thought of going a few miles out with a lively company-; even the words " midwinter frolic" made the blood course more rapidly in her veins, although she knew Bhe would be only an observer outside the charmed circle, rather than a participator in the merry-making. " I believe you," said Mrs Goddard, in reply to her remark. " You are the most industrious little body in the world ! I realise that I found a treasure when 1 met you so opportunely on your way from New York. Now, if you are sure that you are able to work, I would like you to help me make out two lists — one contain ing the names of the friends who will spend the week with us, and another, naming those whom we wish to invite to the grand entertainment and ball, with which we shall wind up our festivities." Edith, her eyes no longer heavy, her face no longer pale, arose at once, and went to the table, where she worked busily during most of the day, and feel ing really happy and content in the knowledge that her would-be lover was more than two hundred miles away, and she had nothing to fear from him. But could she have known that, while she was locked within her room the previous evening, Emil Correlli and his scheming sister were closeted in the chamber of the latter, plotting mischief against her, and that this so-called " midwinter frolic " was but part of a diabolic conspiracy to entrap her unwary feot, she would have been appalled, and fled from that house without an hour's delay. The moment Edith pushed by him on the stairs, and sped up to her room, Emil Correlli realised how rash he had been to address her again upon the forbidden Bubject. " Le (liable /" he exclaimed, stamping his foot. " I can never control my tem per. I am always making mischief with this unruly tongue of mine. The girl will be more shy than ever of me now, and Anna will be angry with me for annoying her again." He sought his sister, in her boudoir, and informed her of what had just oc curred between him and Edith, although he was very careful not to mention his recent encounter with the Italian girl- 1 who had waylaid him in the street. " Well, Emil, you are always spoiling everything by being so liot- headed," she had told .him, after listening to his account. " You have doubtless frightened the girl so that she is probably packing her trunk at this moment, with the inten tion of. leaving the house the first thing in the morning," she concluded, coming nearer the truth than she really believed. " That would never do," he returned, with a moody look. " She must not be allowed to go away." " No, not if you are really determined upon marrying her." " Of course I am determined." " Then you must go away for a while- pack your bag and start for New York to night, upon important business, and stay there until I send for you," his sister remarked;' after thinking a few moments. "That will be rather hard on me, Anna," the young man responded, gloomily, " for I am so bewitched with the girl that I do not feel as if I could be away from her for even an hour." "I can understand that, Emil," said madame, with slightly trembling lips ; " but I see no other way to carry out our purpose ; for Edith, in spite of her usual gentleness, is high-spirited, and it will be very uncomfortable for. her to meet you after what has occurred." ' But how long must I be banished ? -Have you any definite point in view?" "Yes ; I have been thinking the mat ter over, and I believe I have the germ of a most cunning plot in mind, which may be carried out under favorable con ditions." Mrs Goddard returned, and then she proceeded to unfold her plan, which, for boldness, craft, and ingenuity, would have been worthy of a French intriguante of the seventeenth century. " Anna, you are a trump !" Emil Cor relli exclaimed, admiringly, when she concluded. "If you can carry that out as you have planned it, it will be a most unique scheme - the best thing of its kind on record 1" " I can carry it out if you will let me do it in my own way; only you. must take yourself off. I will not have you here to run the risk! of spoiling every thing," said Mrs Goddard, with a deter mined air. " Very well, then ; I will go this very night. I will take the eleven o'clock express on the B. and A. I have such faith in your genius that I am willing to be guided wholly by you, aud trust my fate entirely in your hands." " I can write you from time to time, as the plan develops," she replied, " and send you instructions regarding the final act." " All right, go ahead — I give, you carte blanche for your expenses," said Monsieur Correlli, as he rose to leave the room. Five hours later he was fast asleep in a Pullman berth, and flying over the rails towards New York. And thus we find Edith remaining con tented with madame, and doing her utmost towards helping her get ready for the country frolic, and without a suspi cion that she was assisting in building the altar upon which she was to be ruth lessly sacrificed. ( To be Continued ) 