In the Bar Parlor. 'Too look impoitnnt to-uiplit,' remftiked the Editor to the Poet. ' Have you made a big deal in Lyell BescrveB, or has jour mother in-law been cariied oft by Mis. Murphy's brindle cow P' The Poet 6hook his head. ' 1'erliapn he's sot whiptaile in thnt paicel,' enggesied the Boy. ' tta's ! ' ejaculated the Poet, scornfully '6 iiiie di6e«8n,' said the Puuster. ' But* are wbiptails, and one who has the former naturally tries to catch the latur.' ' Which argnes,' remarked the Sporting Mao, ' that you are not a ekillul xngler. Tdu should take a leBBOu fiom Handy Andy or the cruokeii little Jollytail. But what troubles our poetic friend P' ' I have started,' said the Poet, impressively, ' I have started in a new Hoe of business. Poetry is all very well in its way, but give me the glories of the drama. The stage endows the blaukest verso with life and gives us poetry per sonified. Down through all tbe ages have the greatest ideas come to us in dramatic form, while ancient poems have long since been soured out by the blue pencil of pre- historic snub-editors. Who cannot see in bis mind's eye old Moses striking the rock P Who fails to note tbe look on the faces of the Israelites when the water gashes forth ? Note the ? ' ' Excuse the interruption,' said tbe Poblisher, ' bnt if onr Moses strikes the rocks of Mt. Wellington, is history likely to be repeated P When the waters gush forth will tbe waiting citizens wear a look like unto the Israelites ?' 'They will probably wear a look of consternation at the prospects of a compulsory wash,' snarled tbe Cynic. ' This frivolity,' remarked the Philosopher, ' is unseemly. I move that oar friend's dramatic efforts be reviewed.' ' Very well,' said the Poet. 'It is called : AN APPLE JAM. THE ANNIHILATION OF SPACE. ACT I. Scene: The Holy of Holies in the TBMrLE op Finance. (Dram a tie PemonsB : Sir Financial Fall Up, Bate Comptroller of Figures and Emi ueat Arithmetician, at bis desk. Pages, Lieiigerdemain Conjurors, Bed Tape Worms, and Btiady Eeckouere seated around the room. Silas Servility, Chief Sealing Wax Btick in Waiting, outside on the door mat.) Sir Full- Up looks thoughtfully into a email band-uiirror aud curelully parts hie (rhiukerB. Bows to tlie chief Red Tupe Worm, and secures permission to consult with Ueady lieckoner. After consultation he Bays : 'lla! 'tis so! Six from eleven leave fourteen. I know it well, but there are some who dared to doubt my genius fur figures. These will I confound with many noughts wbun tbe House does meet, Aud now to busmeisHo! luiportuuCH. (Tolled Tupe Worm) Pleaee give permission to a Page to call Silas Stealing Wax.' Euter Silas Servility on bands and knees, and says : ' (Jreut Sir Full-Up, Sire of all the Sons of the Profit, muy tby whiusera ever grow. Thy servant waits, Aud iiereby states, The while tby toe be hcketli, litre on the floor, Behind before, Tby humble stick he sticketh. Sir Full-Up: Arise, tbou faithful stick of wax, Aud may tbou never lind me lax In freeing tbee from lnkum Taxi Silas Servility, slowly rising, einge : Behind before, From off tbe floor, Thy servaut sjow upends; Aud shades bis eyue, Aud catches tliec, What tune my lord unbends! Sir Full- up: Haw! That's all right, Silub. (i'ullb on bis neck and weeps for joy.) But wuut about tbut shipment of apples f iiuw many leut of space cau we secure in tue Gull of Bothnia? Silas Servility (in admiration ) : My mas ter bas indeed a wonderful genius for figures. Tby servant is loBt in oomtempU tion of tby glorious avidity. Bat Pooh Bib Braddon ? Sir Full-Up (excitedly) : Dam Pooh Bab t Am I a slave that be ehould interfere in those departments which concern him not, and tvkicli bis puny mind can never grasp ? Mention bis nniuK no more in my presence. Silas (trembling): I pray thee. most noble Profit, wither me not with righteous wrath. Tby servant hears and hastens to obey. Sir Full-Up: How much epaoe has the ship for these confounded apples P Bed Tape Worm (worningly): Sir Full Up! Sucb untinunoial laucuage ? Sir Full-Up : I bumbly beg yonr pardon. (Rises and bows to Bed Tape Worm.) Silae Servility: Tbe Father of all the Sons of tbe Profit is now informed the ship can spare juvt 20,000 feet. Sir Full-Up (seising paper and pencil) : Aba 1 Then soon we'll figure oat how many apple cases she will hold. (Figures busily and lomarke softly : Two and two is five and six is eighteen, and carry four and ? Ready Reckoner (interjecting) : Ahem ! Sir Full-Up: Pish! TbeBe simple figures are not for me to waste my prPciouB time upon. Come hither, Page, and take tbe snni to Beady Reckoner yonder. (Tbe Page advances, winks at Silae, takes the paper and pencil and banJs it to Ueady Eeckouer, then waits with tongue in cheek until tbe reckoning ia ready, when he brings it biok to Sir Fall-Up.) 6irFuIl-Up (conning the snm): Bight you are. A« one caBe of apples is two feet long, the 20,000 feet of space will bold just 10,000 cases. Here, Silos Waxing Stick, take my order forth. Wire to Melbourne and instruct tbe common financier there called Turner or his henchman Taverner to get 4000 coses ready. We have in all our kingdom — how manyf Silas : Full 7000 fair, my lord. Beady Reckoner : Seven and four's eleven ! Sir Full-Up: Ha! Then wire to Vic to get the proper number ready, good Silas. Silas: Two thousand coses ? Sir Full-Up: Correct. Soon yon will be as great a hand at figures as myself. Silas (sorrowfully): That, my guiding light, may never be. I go to do tby bidding. (Exit Silas, after bowing to Bed Tape Worm.) Sir Full-Up falls atleep, and Bed Tape Worm, Beady Beckoner, and all tbe Ledger demain Conjurers and Pages file slowly into a cupboard, singing softly : ? Our master falls asleep, Aweary with his taiks of State, And we mast all deep silence keep (Sleep famous Profit, soundly sleep !) We cannot spare the Truly Great. Without our bright financial etar This country dnnno where it are. ACT II. Time: A week latsr. Sake place and PERSONS. Sir Full-Up (waking slowly): Deary deary me I I believe I've had a little nap. Silas Sealing Wax (entering hurriedly, but on all fours as usual) : Tby servant bears a telegram from those bass imitators of the Famous Profit who dwell in Port Phillip. Sir Fall-Up: I'm very weary, Silas. Rue and cast the blanky message ont the window and ? Bed Tape Worm: Ahem! Intercolonial difficulties — nr— ahem ! Sir Full-Up (apologetically): True, trne, good Worm. Perhaps 'twill be best to read the message, Silas. (Cborns from the next room; Civil Service Band rehearsing : Me is a great financial star. A genius for figures, so be are, ili) are, be are, etc.) Silas (reading tbe telegram): Ton blanky blank blankity blockheads, what the blue and blanky blank do you mean by filling up all the space in the vermilion steamer and leaving none for our blanky fruit f Your blauky flyspeck of a province will have to pay the blanky piper. (Signed) Turner, Victoria. Sir Full-Up (in consternation): Great Scott! And were our figures wrong after all t It cannot be. Silas Servility: The Father of all tbe Sons of the Profit can do no wrong. But Poob Bah says we forgot to allow for tbe air spaces. Sir Full-Up (in a towering rage): Silenoe, varlet! By wbose orders were air spaces left between tbe apple cases P Has Poob Bub ? (clutches wildly at Bed Tape Worm and wrings his neck; then wrestles wilb Beady Reckoner and falls on tbe carpet in a lit. The attendants carry him out and put bis bead under the water tap.) To drown bis cries tbe company sings : He is a great financial star (Suppress those scornful sniggers), And wnen be flits beyond tlie bar, In other epberes he'll shine afar, And fix celestial figures. The greatest man at doing sums 'Mougbt all the earthly races, He always worked bis figures out Upon a solid basin — So when be measured Bothnia's hold He counted not the spaces, He is a great financial, etc., etc, (Curtain.) * * * '? Not a bad attempt,' said tbe Snub Editor, ' but what do you call it — a tragedy, a comedy, a burlesque, or a pantomime ?' ' That,' remarked the Poet, ' I leave to the critics. Tbey may name it to suit their want of taste. Suf fice it for me that it. hangs Sir Full-TJp's wonderful command of figures on imperishable lines, where all tbe world may blow upon his genius.' ' Fysbinif lines,' so to speak,1 observed tbe Punster. ? * ? 'According to current rnmor, there was a bit of a comedy in Liiunoeston tbe other day,' said tbe Business Manager. ' Where ? At the Old Men's Home P Did tbe authorities seek to force vegetables and milk on the inmates, and did tbe old men retali ate on their masters in kind p' ' No ; nothijg so revolutionary as that, bnt it caused some conster nation all tbe same. A lady visitor from tbe mainland — a cateful old body who was not prepared to trust to the honesty of Lannceston people — bought a railway ticket at the station.' ' She was coming South to where tbe honest folks live,' suggested the Cynic. ' She placed the ticket in her purse, planted the purse in a reti cule, the reticule in a small box, locked the box and placed itsecurely in-nde a portmanteau, and started to lug said portmanteau through the barrier towards the train. ' Ticket,' said the man with the snipB.' ' Tbey seldom say please to an old lady at that barrier,' interjected the Worm. ' ' I've got my ticket,' exclaimed the old lady. ' Show it,' said the collector. 'But you saw me buy it,' protested the old lady, with rising anger. ' Can't help that,' said the official, 'you muBt show it.' ' But it is locked up.1 ' No matter, yon must unlock it.' Then tbe old lady performed. Sbe seized the straps of the portmanteau, tore it open, and started fossicking with the enclosures, all the while giving Launceston a piece of her mind. ' The idea,' ehe snapped. ' A de cent person cannot come to this dirty bole without being insulted. Do you think i am a thief. I sup pose that as you are all lags and convicts over here, you think it right to treat every stranger as a rogue and a vagabond !' It was awful. Tbe officials squirmed and tried to hush the accusative old lady by fair words, but sbe was in exorable. She persisted in showing bet ticket, but the official was so excited that he forgot to examine it closely. As the train was moving tbe still ' performing ' lady and her portmanteau were passed in hurriedly, and away went the train and the difficulty.' ' Not much comedy in that,' said tbe Government House Man. 'Hold on a minute,' returned the other. ' A few stations down the Hue the old lady slipped out. aud bought a ticket, then took her seat agaiu. Her fellow passengers looked tbeir surprise, but the old lady smiled and said : ' Tbe ticket I had was only for St. Leonardo, so I've had at least nine miles ride for nothing !' ' 'Honesty, thy name is not woman,' mused the Philosopher. 'WLoever knew a W3rnu.ii to return tbe excess change of a halfsove reign, for instance ?' ' That's beside the question,' re maiked the Insignificant Man. ' How ever will the railway autho. rities recoup the loss on that nine miles ride P' ' Oh, that is easy,' said the Landlord. ' The interest on pay due the engine-drivers as overtime ought to meet the loss.' ' Is that what you would term 'back' pay P' queried the Punster. ' According to union rules as cartied out at present, 'back-' pay is a magnificent institution,' re marked the Worm. ? # ? ' Don't all speak at one,' said the Sporting Man, ' but can any body in tbe company lend me six shillings. A feBtive friend of mine went to a picnic tbe other day, and on the way home called into the chemist's for a piok-me-up. He was unsteady on his pins, and jostled some of tbe regular custo mers. The chemist remonstrated, whereupon the jovial picknicker aimed a bag of tarts at the maD of I pills' I ' A bag of tarts !' exclaimed the I Barmaid. ' Picnic tarts P' ' Petticoat tarts P' queried the Boy. ' Tarts with golden hair a hanging down their backs P' 'No,' scornfully retorted the Sunday Man, 'tartfl — jam tarts — pastry. Aud the jam end bits of cookery clung in the flowing mo. of the chemist and stuck all over the mirrors and big glass bottles of mysterious mixtures on the shelves. One of the tarts was so hard that it. broke one of the big bottles into smithereens. My friend has to pay six shillings for his target prac tice.' ' But why should you be called upon to pay it ?' asked the Philo sopher. ' Generosity P' ' Well, yoa see,' stammered the Sporting Man, ' he is a very close friend of mine, and is hard up, and ? ' ' Oh, here's the money,' said the Business Manager. ' Pay me when the ghost walks next week.' 'Thauks awfully,' said the Sporting Man, pocketing the coin. ' Good night.' ' They do say,' remarked the Cynic, after tbe Sporting man had left, 'they do say that a man's closest friend is himself.' ' It hurts my feelings,' said the Business Man, ' to be taken down, no I will not suspect our sporting companion.' ' All sporting men,' agreed tbe Sunday Man, ' are the very soul of honor.' ' And none of them would dream of sharp practice,' added the Cynic 'No sporting man would think of squeezing the drawer of a horse in Tatt's sweep, for instance.''1^ _??,?,' 'Or a lady's hand-oft tlfe aly ' added tbe Barmaid with a win);. 'I cannot have my best ouBtotnerh spoken of so freely behind th^i backs,' protested the L&djord; 