A STOLEN LIFE. By /MATTFJAS M'DONNELL BODKIN, Q.C., author of 'Lord Edward Fitzgerald,' 'White Magic,' 'The Adventures of Mr. JnggiBs,' etc. '? j CHAPTER XVIIL— RETRIBUTION. The ^wicked prosper- and the good endure. Believe it not. Nor more nor less', God gives just wage to all; of this be Sure, ? Our deeds survive to plague or bless. Harry Trevor's thoughts were still in a tu mult when the party separated and he got back to his own room. The suddenness of the danger, the narrowness of the escape, still stunned him with the thought of what .might have been. Wild vague hopes had been for the past few days taking fomi in his heart, and that little scrap of jagged steel came so near ending all. At the back of his mind there was . epnie other thought — a fear or a suspicion — which he could not catch firmly or see clearly, and which troubled him the more for its vagueness. He still paced the room restlessly, backwards and forwards, when suddenly, as he passed the window a glint of white hi the woods caught his eye, and stayed his eye and stayed his footsteps. Love's eye is quick and sure. In a second, he guessed what the gleam meant— ha a second more he knew. From his window, through a long arched vista of trees, he could see where two paths crossed deep hi the woods. Even as he looked. Lucy and Colonel Wickham came distinct into the sunlight for a moment, pass hag from shade to shade along the leafy path way. They walked slowly and talked ear nestly as they went, Wickham's tall figure bending towards his companion. Trevor start ed at the sight, and drew his breath in sharply, like one in pain stifling a groan, and at the in stant thepllusive thought that had baflied him so long took clear form in his brain, shaping ! itself from various hints and memories to a horrible suspicion. He left his room and went straight to the gymnasium. . With curious distinctness he re- i membered the corner into which he had flung the broken foil. It was no longer there. His suspense deepened. ? The broken fragment from the top— had it also disappeared? It would seem so. He searched the floor care fully, the, close clean bare matting making the search easy, but it was quite in vain. Just on the point of giving over, in 'despair, by mere 1 accident he caught sight of what he sought. ! The foil button with the inch of thin steel had been jerked by the pressure that snapped it into the air, and caught as it fell between a pair of boxing gloves that hung by the wall. Tirevoi;. could just reach it where it stuck. One look was enough. His suspicion harden- j ed into grim certainty. At the fractured point ] the steel had been cut almost clean through ] by a sharp-edged file. Then the whole truth broke upon him like a flash of lightning, stunning and blinding him. The mysterious poisoning from which he had saved Ardel three years ago; the startling gun accident three days before — he knew what j both meant now. Wickham was plainly re- i solved, at any cost, by any means, to rid him- 1 eelf of his rival— his favored rival— as he be lieved, in the love that was the fierce dominat ing passion of his life. In heart he was a rnur- i derer— a cunning and cowardly murderer, j Trevor had a quick throb of joy to remember [ how, almost from the first he disliked the man, j and how dislike hadagrown with better know ledge. The cold cruel treachery appalled him. How strange, he thought, that this same man — this murderer— should once have been wrongfully charged with murder. But that ' charge was surely false. None knew better ? than Trevor the strength of the proof on which j Wickham's innocence rested. Innocent, and ! in deadly peril of his life: now, trebly guilty, j he was quite safe. The proofs of his guilt, i conclusive to Trevor, were worthless to the ! world, mere intangible suspicion. He could ! brazen out the charge defiantly. There was no place for shame or'f ear f o take hold of such a man. Vivian Ardel still stood within his danger; at any moment the fourth and fatal blow might fall. ? i What was to be done?' what was to be done? | The thought of ArdePs death filled Trevor | with terror; he could not think clearly. The walls of his room seemed to close him in and { stifle him. He caught up his hat and escaped j down the avenue into the wood. Gradually his agitation worked itself out in rapid exercise, and his course again lay clear ly before him. What he had resolved on must still be done. It was hard, it was humiliating to the bitterest dregs of shame, but the hope of ' -winning Lucy lay bright beyond the pain and shame. In a day or two, if all went well, he might claim her as his own, to hold and guard against the world. Then let Wickham do his work — Be would take the danger of that guar dianship. . His reverie was broken in upon by meeting suddenly, face to face, at a sharp curve of the walk, the man on whom his thoughts were centred— Wickham— radiant with triumphant happiness. x Trevor's face lowered ominously at sight of Bun. But the sun shone full in Wickham's eyes, and for a moment he could distinguish only a vague outline. In that moment Trevor's self control came back. 'Halloa! my boy; is it you,' cried Wickham jauntily; 'out for a walk all alone? Could you not coax Miss Boydell to come with you? How did you lea^e poor Ardel? None the worse for his fight, I hope? I would ask you to con gratulate me, .Harry,' he added, in a grave tone, 'bul it is a secret for the present.' So saying. he went by gaily, whirling his cane and cutting the leaves from the overhang ing branches on either hand as he walked. Half a dozen paces he stopped suddenly and called back to Trevor. 'I wish you'd turn back with me, if you don't mind; I want a word with you.' But when Trevor walked back by his side, he had nothing special to say. Their talk, as they walked, turned— Trevor turned it designedly — on the incident hi the gymnasium. But his companion was not troubled in. the least. .. He spoke of Ardel with easy contempt, and that kind of pi# one might feel for .a hurt animal. 'It was a. close thing for both of you, my boy,' he said. 'There would have been an in quest, of counse, and all that kind of thing. But all's -well that end's well, and this business has ended well— very well indeed.' His thoughts were evidently elsewhere; he was al most incoherent in his exultation. At the top of the long stone steps Ardel was waiting for them, and Wickham, still brim ming over with good humor; passed into the ihouse with the man whose life he had three times attempted. Trevor waited on the steps till the door clos ed.on them. He was puzzled tw know why Wickham had been, so anxious to wajk home ivMh him. and he solved the puzzle .by starting simply back through the woods the way -they ihadcome. - ; At a turn of the path, a hundred yards from the point where they had met, he found the secret of Wickham's anxiety to carry him hiome again. His heart throbbed fiercely as he recognised Lucy Ray on a low rustic seat, with downcast -eyes, and sad pale face, so lost fir thought that she did not see of hear him. She started up with a little .frightened cry when he touched her shoulder; then a faint wan ghost of a smile showed through her/teats, a. pitiful quivering of her lips, more pitiful than weeping. ? 'Wihat is it, Lucy?' iieeaid; 'can I kelp you? You - promised always to trust me — as a friend.' 'And you will be my friend, Harry; always my friend.' .-.-.?: 'Always— unless ? ' 'There is no 'unless' now. You must for get all that lolly. I have put a barrier be tween us you cannot hope to cross. I won't tare your young life wasted, Harry. You said you would love me while I was free to] Jove— well, I'm no longer. free.' : ' . j With a deadly einkhig of 'his heart lie knew what was coming. '- - 'I-have promised Colonel Wickham to be his wife. It was the only way out of all this tangled maze. He begged me hard.. It was j no use that I told him that I had no love to j give. Love, he said, would come in time, and if it never came, liking would content him. Half a life's devotion—never wavering, never faltering— he pleaded, had given him some ' claim. I could see that he was terribly in earnest, and I had not the heart to refuse him the poor boon he had set his heart on having.' ' 'It cannot be. You have not counted the j cost, Lucy — the long, cheerless, loveless life at best — the bitter, unavailing reindtee if you find too late your love has been giveii-to another.' : ?She smiled at his earnestness in such curious ' contrast with his smooth boyish face. | 'My poof' Harry, how wise in the world's i ways you have grown! I have--counted the i cost. I am not likely to fall in-love again at j my time of life, unless the lost Dr--Ardel should j revive again, and the hope of that has gone. If I cannot be happy myself, the next best thing is to make another happy.': 'But you' don't know this nian, Lucy. If I were to tell you ? ' She stopped him by a look and gesture full of quiet dignity. 'Don't, Harry,' she said gently, but firmly. 'It's not like you to speak evil of the absent. Don't let this folly that will pass away tempt I you to injustice. Don't spoil our friendship J by hasty words for which you will be sorry j presently. Remember, I am Colonel Wick- ' ham's promised wife.' 'And you- will keep that promise at all hazards?' - ' 'May God so help me, I will keep my pro mise, if he holds me to it, though the whole ? wbrH slander him.' ... i,.;^ He turned from her in anger; but half d dozen yainis off he came back hastily witi love and hojfe rekindled;in his eyes. j 'Even yet, Lucy,' he ^aiclsof tly,. i'fijpen yet I will notfdespair.' ''' = *~'. '*?'-? ' That was all, and for her there was no mean ing in his words. But the courageous confi dence in his voice cheered her. She felt the load on her heart lightened, as the leaden day vaguly lightens while the rain still pours and the clouds lower, when the sun, though hidden, makes his power felt through the gloom. All through the day and well into the night Wickham's exultation continued unabated, j The exuberance of his spirits was exhausting | to his listeners. He seemed intoxicated by j joy, as by wine. | In the billiard-room at night he chaffed Ar- j del continuously with an undertone of scornful ' triumph in his voice and manner which nettled Trevor almost beyond endurance. But Ardel's ! frank good-humor was slow to take offence. ! He retorted only by challenging Wickham to billiards, five hundred up; gave him two hun dred and fifty odds; and then ran the game out : triumphantly in a dozen breaks. ! 'Wonderful! wonderful!' said Wickham in ? mock admiration; 'shows what a man can do when he gives his mind— his whole mind— to a J thing.' Ardel beamed at the compliment. He set the red and white balls close together in the centre of the table; made the spot ball shoot i round the four cushions, and then cannon so softly it hardly shook the other two apart. 'Have a shy, Harry,' he said. 'I'll play with the butt end of the cue, if you like.' - But Trevor did not care for billiards just then. He had another game to play, and Ar del, with a cheery, 'Good-night, boys; take care of yourselves,' went gaily off to bed. 'What a big, blundering baby it is!' Wick ham said to Trevor as they were left alone to gether. He paused for a moment to sip his brandy and soda, and apply a lighted vesta carefully to one of Ardel's choicest Havannas. 'It is hard to believe that man was once re puted the keenest intellect in Europe. What a wonderful transformation from that to a big, muddy-pa ted schoolboy! I used to be hor ribly afraid of him at one time, I remember.' '' 'Afr'ai'd'of him?' ' '' ,T' 'Yes. Did you never hear the strange story? I suppose not; it happened when you were a baby. I was on trial for murder, your father defended me, but it was Ardel — toe wonderful Ardel of those days— that saved my life. He mesmerised a damned perjured witness and tore his very heart out. Your father used the confession brilliantly in cross-examination, and between them they slipped off the noose that was tightening round my neck. I was very grateful to Ardel, and all that sort of thing, of course; but somehow I used always to have a gruesome feeling hi the presence of a man wiho could search your heart like that.' 'But he may have the power still?' 'Not he. It was dependent on his mind, and went with his mind. In those days a kind of red fire used to light up behind his dark eyes .when he was in earnest. There's no more mesmerism in them now than in a pah* of big glass beads. I fancy I could mesmerise him if I wanted to.' 'You have practised mesmerism, then?' asked Trevor. He seemed curiously interested and excited. 'Oh! just as an amateur. It seemed a thing worth knowing, i can manage pretty well with a good subject' 'I wish you would try your hand on me. Mesmerism has always a fascination for me, but I was never mesmerised.' 'J. don't mind if I do. Just look me straight in the eyes.' Wickham wheeled round the great leather carved chair in which he sat, and the two faced each other squarely under the glow of the electric light, with only a small inlaid table between them. As they sat with their elbows' on the table, the boy's face and the man's were not a yard away, and the blue eyes and the black stared steadily into each other. Trevor's young face was set stern and hard as a stone. By degrees a strange light grew behind his eyes, steady, intense, the strong clear purpose showing through. Wickham felt his strength vaguely, and put forth the utmost power of hie will to resist it. It was as if two strong men wrestled— all their muscles taut and aching from the silent strain. One agonising mo ment, and Wickham knew himself foiled in the deadly struggle. He muttered a fierce curse; but the words died in meaningless babble on his lips. He felt, his consciousness slipping from him. He tried to turn his eyes away; but Trevor's steady gaze held them merciless ly. Then his eyelids closed softly, will and self -consciousness vanished together, and he lay back in the chair in a deep sleep at the mercy of Ms master. - (To be continued.) 