OLD FRIENDS WITH NEW FACES. SOME POPULAR EDITIONS. First in the order of literary standing comes (from George Robertsou and Co.) Charles Rcadc's fine historical novel of the Middle Ages, "The Cloister and the Hearth," in Chatto and Windus' now four-volume edition. The set is neatly hound, well printed, properly frontisptec- ed, finished, and published at tho low price cf J six shillings the four volumes. The same firm forward cheap editions of Sarah Grand'a "The Beth Book," Heinmann's Colonial Library); Rider Haggard's "Dawn" (Longman's); Edna : Lvall's "We Two" (Hurst and Blackett); and I Harrison Ainsworth's "The Tower of London," in tho author's copyright issue, published by I Routledge, with George Crulkshank's illustra- | tions. Among sixpenny editions wc notice Roiro ! Boldrewood's "Robbery Under Arms" (Mncmll- j la:;): James Payn's "By Proxy" (Chatto); and j Samuel Lover's "Handy Andy" (Downey and Co.). Mr. Pott Ridge's interesting sketch of George W. Cable and his "Pnsscn Jones," In tho June "Bookman," appears opportunely with new edi tions of those charming stories "John March, Southerner" (Sampson; Low, and Co. '3 half- crown issue), and "The Grandlssimes" (Jloddir and Stcughtcn). "To sit In a laundry and real tlir Gramlisslmes," writes Mr. J. M. Barrio, in a gracefully appreciative Introduction to the work in question — "that is the quickest way of reach ing the strange city of Now Orleans." Mr. Bar rio, as we remember, added to this experience tho moro direct method of visiting Mr. Cnblo in bU stronghold, and chatting with the sweet Creole ladles who "haunt bin beautiful pages." as Mr. Cable's admirer prettily puts it. Aurora, the heroine of "The Grnndirsimes," Is a perfect type of these; and the old home as pictured In the French Creole quarter seems still to echo with her light footstep. Several Auroras called upon Mr. Barrio. "They called to warn me," ho lie rays. "Against what? Against believing Mr. Coble, They came singly; none knew of the visits of the others; but they had heard what brought me there; like ghosts they stole In and told their tale, and then likn ghosts they stole away. The tale was that Mr. Cable misrepre sented them; Creoles are not, and never were, Miko that,' especially the ladies. I sighed, or would have sighed had I not been no pleased. I said I supposed it must be so; no ladies in tho flesh could be quite so delicious os the Creole ladles of Mr. Cable's imagination, which seemed to perplex them." New Orleans is losing much of her picturesque coloring. But it is enshrined for U3 in Mr. Cable's pages, in his Honoros, his Auroras, his white residents such as Dr. Sevier, his rivalries between races, French and English, black and white; In the sweet, broken lisp of the beautiful quadroon girl, the dandy airs of Hlppolyte or M'sieu Jules; in the very magnolia trees among tho handsome mausoleums. No other novelist can ever fill Mr. Cable's place. It belongs to an almost unique pust; engrafted by his deft and delicate hand upon the present. And "The Grandlsslmea" represents, perhaps, his masterpiece. latest portrait of mr. george cable. 