ANIMAL LIKES AND DISLIKES Bemarkabl0 Facts. The Lions and the Somalis. Instances of purely instinctive,, inexplicable antipathy between animals. are. naturally not common, but there are very marked and. de finite examples. It is quite Impossible- to ac- count for the intense disgust whicn tne ca mel excites in horses. It Is .far more diffi cult to accustom horses to work with camels than with elephants, precisely because the repugnance Is a natural antipathy, and not a reasoned fear. They get used to the sight of an elephant, but the smell of a camel disgusts and frightens them. English horses which have never seen a camel refuse to approach ground '.where they have stood. Recently-a travelling menagerie was refused leave to encamp on a village green in Suf folk, not because It was not welcome, for a wild beast show is always vastly popular, but because the green was 'also the site of a market, and' the farmers' gig- horses in variably refused to be driven across it after camels had stood there. Yet two bears were, being exhibited In . Harley-street, London, and no horse showed any fear of them. One hcrse almost touched the larger bear, but neither It nor the team of a four-in-hand which passed showed any nervousness. The HATRED OF ALL CATTLE for dogs is very marked. There is no doubt that this is a lasting inheritance from the days in which their calves were constantly killed by wolves or wild dogs. In India in-, stances of sportsmen seeing the new-born calf, with its mother defending it from wolves, occur In most books on jungle sport, and the hatred of 'the "cantdae" associated with the strongest animal instinct, the love of their young, has never been effaced among cattle 'even In England, where the last wolf was killed in the days of Henry VII. Why the horse not only does not share this anti pathy, but, on the contrary, loves a dog, it Is difficult to explain. i Most of the keepers at the Zoo are agreed that those animals which exhibit marked likes or dislikes for visitors have the strong est. possible antipathy ,to black men. Chil dren they also dislike, but for the obvio'/s reason that the. children tease them. It has leng been noticed that all the MONKEYS HATE A NEGRO, but the experiment was recently .tried on a large scale, and the scope of animal anti pathy for the dark-skinned races was found to extend far beyond the monkey-house. When Mr. Hagenbeck's Somalis were at the Crystal Palace they were invited one Sunday to see the Zoo, whither they, went, accom panied by Mr. Menzies, the African explorer and hunter, who- had brought, them . from Somnllland. There was nothing to which the most sensitive European, could object in the appearance of these free, half-Arab tribes men, and much that was most attractive. They were straight and tall; they had high noses, fine eyes, white. teeth, and a sldn the colour of a not quite ripe black grape. They were strict Moslems, exquisitely cleanly, washing constantly not' only their limbs and bodies, but their teeth and hair. They dress ed in the whitest of linen, and carried wea pons of the brightest steel, spending their spare moments in polishing either these or their teeth. They did not smoke, they did not drink, and' the large room in which some 30 of them slept was as. sweet as a hayloft; and they much objected to the British work ing man coming into their room, because his clothes were dirty.. When all this GALLANT COMPANY OF DARK MEN entered the lion house there was an upronr. The animals were furious. They roared with rage. The apes and monkeys were frightened and angry. The antelopes were alarmed, and even the phlegmatic wild cattle were excited. They recognised their, natural enemies, the dark-skinned men who have hunted them for a thousand centuries in the jungles and the bush, and with whom their owin parents did battle when they were captured and carried off captive in the Nubian deserts; and like the Grecian ghosts at the sight of Aeneas in the shades,- they raised a war-cry, though the sound did hot die In their throats. Animal antipathy is thus closely correlated with like emotions in man. It may be traced In all Its variations from purely Instinctive and physical distaste, the dislike for the camel felt by the horse being much on a par with that felt by a Southern white for a South American negro, to its rational climax In antipathy based on danger known to animals and men alike, and exhibited tn the common and intense horror of the poisonous snake. A tame monkey has been known to drop down in a dead faint when suddenly confronted with a snake. This sounds almost too human, 'but fainting In sudden terror, though rare among animals, In which this form of panic- more often causes paralysis of the limbs, is not confined in monkeys. Grey parrots, which are highly nervous birds, will drop from, the perch and lose consciousness under any strong Impulse of fright. 