THE CHURCHES- THE WESLEYAN METHODIST CIRCUIT. VALEDICTORY SERVICES. Mr A.E. Weft, who has so successfully ministered in the local Wesley an circuit, held a farewell service in the Trararalgon church on Sanday evening, when the bnilding was packed to the doors. Mr W«st based his sermon cn St. Paul's words (2nd Cor. 13, 11-14.) ' Finally, brethren, farewell; be perfect, be of good comfort, be of one mind ; love in peace, and the God of love and peece shall be with you. The peace of tbe Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Hoty Ghost be with you all. Amen.' The preacher said that ss tbe word 'finally' prominently occurred in the text to which he would refer, it seemed fitting that his introduction should briefly dwell upon it. Fina-ity was written on everything earthly. There was a final time coming for everything in nature. Tbe sun, the moon, the stars, earth, and all creation nould have a final time. There was not a home but wh it bad been invaded by death's final hour, and the stillness so awful and overwhelming they had all some time or another to endure. As life's sand was passing away, and they kissed the nurble brow of the loved one and tbe departed, they heaved a sigh and said— * This is the finality of earthly life. 5 So a minister bad *>is final message, when time and circumstance caibd him the providence of God to part from those to whom he bad minietoed in tbe Lord. St. Paul had such an experience when he said to the Ephesian 'elders, as they ",atne to the s j a shore to bid hina bye. * Finally, .brethren,- farewell . , for I have not shunned to declare unto yon all the counsel of Gcd.' He (Mr West) felt conscious in taking his departure that night that he had not with held any of the message. He might baye hurt the feelings of sone in speaking the whole truth, but the minister who withheld the truth to carry favour was not worthy of the name. He bad lost some of bis friends through lifting his voice against such things as allnight dance3 and everything that tended to destroy the excellency of manhood or womnnbood and the purity of life. Neither, as St. Paul farther said, had be * coveted any man's gold, or silver, or apparel. 1 He bad learned to be content with whatsoever be had had ; he bad not preached for mercenery ends, bnt if some of them were stronger in the faith of the Lord Jesus Christ and in Christian life and duty, then he was amply rewarded, because bis labours h*d not been in vain. Then St. Paul, when l e wrote to the Church at Ephesus, addressed them in these words—' Finally, be strong in the Lord.'. He (the preacher) would also urge them in the same words. We gloried in mental, physical, or national strength, but did they glery as much as they onght in the strength of Gcd which maketh for righteousness, for advancement in the Christian life, for holiness of pnrpose? With a strong hold of God and faith in His promises, they could not fail. Then St. Paul said to the church at Philippi— Finally, rejoice in the Lord.* What better right had anyone to rejoice than those who live J in tbe spirit and strength of God. Thev might say— ' It is not always possible to rejsice^— when mentally depressed or physically weak, when hard pressed and the circumstances of borne or basiness'are swry, when even Christians speak unkindly and misjudge, how is it possible to rejoice then But they proved it possible iu the strength and power of God to which he commended them. St. Paul further said to- tbe Philippians— ' Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoevei th : ngs are lovely, whatsoever are of good r port, if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things.' To reach this grand idea*, l^t them dismiss altogether from their minds in the future everything that jra3 unworthy of Christian life and standing, that was calculated to injure them as citizens of a Splendid young country. If thfy tli.tcght of all the things mentioned in the apostle'a exhortation,' then Traralgon woul 1 possess a citizenship second to none, for they would make it a worthy, a honourable, and a righ'eaus community. Then St. Paul wrote to the chnrch at Thessalonica. 'Finally, brethren, pray for us*' He (the jreacher) asked them to pray for him, lis home, and hiB church, and not to be nnmiodful of the years he had ppent in their midst. A' thousand miles would separate them, bat he felt sure of this, that if the work he had undertaken in Qaeenilani was sustained not atone by prayers ascending in ihe northern colony, but supplemented by their prayers in jthe south, then he wonld hove doable strength to go ou in the work to which Gad liad called him. He knew that distance and time could not separate or diminish the friendships -that bad been made in Victoria, and dwelling in this spirit, God only knew the blessings that might arise from their united petitions. - His final quotation was in the words of the text— * Finally, brethren, farewell. Be of good comfort, be of one mind,: live in peace.' They would not be strangers to sorrow, and disappointments, and depressions of spirit, and boiily fatigue and ailment,- because ' man was born to sorrow as tha sparks fly upwards.' Bus at such times, when the world seemed dark, let them be of good comfort, let them remember tbat tbey were Gad's and God was theirs, and He was ' a very present belp in trouble.' Let them live in peace with one another, for life was too short to live in any other way ; above all, let them live the peace of Jenus Chi ist, which the world could neither understand nor take away. Now he camp to the word, 'Farewell.' What did the word raeau ? It simply meant, Fare th?e well; it was an exact counterpart of Good-bye, and Good-bye was only an abbreviation of God be with you. Could be wish them anything better than God's company ? He wanted them tp fa*'« w^ll, and J if they had Goi as their companion they would certainly faip well in every particular: He trusted, finally, that they woull no 1 ; only fare well in everything that was spiritual, but he desired that they would also fare well in their businesses, their home life, and their relationships. They need not S rink from the word Farewell As tho' it was friendship's knell, for well had the poet said— *>lest be the tie tha: binds Oar hearts in Christian love, The fellowship of kindred minds ' Is like to that above. When we asunder apart It gives us inward pain, But. we are one in mind and heart, And hope to meet again. G 9 d grant that they might all meet again * at home in the morning,' in the morning of the dawning of the resurrection day, in the presence of tbe Eternal God, in the eternal heavens, to spend a bright eternal Sabbath with all the redeemed of the Lord Je3us Christ. ' Finally, brethren, farewell.' The parting hymn was—* God be with you till we meet agaim' and at the close of the service a farewell prayer meeting was held, terminating with the doxology and benediction. At Hszelwojd North, one oF tlie largest congregations ever gathered in that part of the circuit attended tbVfarewell service on October 2, and on Friday last the members of the Presbyterian Women's Missionary Society enteitained Mr and Mrs West at an afternoon social in the same place. At Driffield on Thursday the congregation met under the presidency of junior steward, Mr John Moore, when ah exceedingly pleasant evening was spent. On behalf of the congregation, Mr Moore presented the Minister with a dozen dessert spoons and forks. On the evening of Friday. September 30, Mr W«-st was made the guest of bis former flock at Leongatba : every available seat in the shmch was occupied, and among those present were a large number of the members of the local Charch of England. Mr West has also held farewell ser- vices at Glengarry, Toongabb ; .e, Tyers, and other parts of the circuit. 