Reflections of the We have it on the very best of authority that Thomas, die erstwhile N.S.W. politician and latter day sandgroping lecturer, was not the Walker charged with the larceny of a load of firewood. As a matter of fact Lecturer Thomas Walker is extremely opposed to log-rolling, and never sawdust thrown in the eyes of the public like it is in W.A. We understand the title of something for a coming Sunday night will be ' how I became a Jarrah log.' Louis de Rougemont, liar, livingwonder, and lecturer, trying hard to out-rival the shade of Roger Tichborne. He has been all over the colonies pitching camps and tales, and now he has had the audacity to strike London and start floating companies. * iso-calied cynical world will take this individual in there can no longer be- any doubt as to the story of Jonah and the whale. Six days was Jonah in the welly of the bale or rather the. whale of the belly, isn't half as fishy as the turtle touch of the Mounsewer. It is questionable whether the records of all the lunatic asylums put together could produce a fabrication like the story of the much travelled frogeater. But we must give Louis his due. We like to see a good one in any class and in Rougemont the descendants and disciples of Ananias have a gold mine which, well worked, will yield much gilt. The CHRONICLE which is always to the front in these matters, congratulates the people in the wide world upon having discovered the champion Franco-Australian liar and lunatic. Coo—ee and Louis is a euphonious double, but an infernal lying combination. The men who formed the troop of Amercian soldiers, known as ' Roosevelt's roughriders' are thus described bp Stephen Crane - ' When Marshall, one of the newspaper men, was shot, an Arizona cowboy said : ' There's a correspondent up there shot ail to helL' The style of the wounded is thus hit off : Arizona ; 'Say, doc ; this ain't much of a wound. I reckon I can git back to the troop.' New York ; Thanks, awfully doctor. Awfully kind 1 of you. I daresay I shall be all right in a moment.' The cycling "scorcher" has been much in evidence of late all over the colonies, and magistrates have not looked sideways on them. While cycling may be a very pleasureable sport, yet when introduced into the streets as a part of the machinery of our daily business it becomes a pest. The danger to children crossing the street is not the horse and cart but the •* bike." Hardly a day passes, but what the back portion of some unoffending citizen is used as a brake or a buffer by the street bicyclists. The craze has spread to the Chinese and—well anybody who has seen a Chow learning to ride a bike can understand what m«v happen one of these days. Yesterday a Mongolian who was using the best part of Barrack Street ran clean over a big dog and never felt the shock. It was only when the dog's owner stepped forward that the Chinkie fell off the bike with fright Then he began with much diplomacy to bend down and examine the machine to see whether it was damaged, and the man who owned the dog taking advantage for a drop kick at goal, used his right boot with such vigor that the Celestial went right between the posts of a verandah- The bike man, however, is a splendid predecessor for the electric tram. He doesn't kill you but simply gives you a shock to prepare you for what may come. A N.Z. scribe savs a lucky miner entertained his friends at MOLONG, VICTORIA. The knowledge of geography savours of that of the 'Ome writer, whs addressed a letter to, ' Mr. John Brown, General Post Office, Svdney, Melbourne Victoria New South Wales, Australasian Colonies, Australi a.' Onehunga boasted of a lady Mayor for a while. Now they have a most demonstrative, unbelieving- Thomas, judging by the following :—" A somewhat unseemly interruption occurred in the Onehunga Wesleyan Church on Sunday night during a sermon which the Rev. S. Lawry was preaching from the text, ' Let him know that he that coverteth the sin ner from the error of his ways shall save a soul from death and shall hide a multitude of sins.' A middle-aged man got up and said, * 1 object to that, that's personal. Wi 1! you repeat the text, Mr. Lawry ? After hearing the text repeated he said, 1 s'-all go homo and read my own 4 Bible to see if it sa3's the same as yours. That's personal.' The man, who was a stranger to the Onehunga officials, then got up and left the church." "Frieh frie J fisli" is a stereotyped triplet. The ot er day a casual caller at a C1I3' restuarant K ordered fish. It was brought. "By all that is jeasonable" said the customer " but that fish is not fresh." "Yessir" replied the waitress, "quite fresh, sir." "It's not so fresh as the fish I had here three weeks ago." *' Piece of exactly the same fish, sir." Recently the connecting rod of an engine attached to an English express train, broke. One of the pieces, however, was driven at every revolution or 1.he wheel through the casing of the boiler. A violent explosion followed, and a mass of piping, lire, cinders and steam was blo.wn forcibly from the fire-box into the f ices of the unfortunate driver and fireman. Though terribh' injured they stood in their places, shut off steam, and then only — when the train had been brought without accident to a standstill—did they stagger off the engine into the station. A doctor was hastily summoned to attend to their injuries, and they were afterwards taken to the hospital where they died. Theatre Alley: The presence of the * advance* lights the gloom ; carpenters in shirt sleeves run hither and thither ; the scund of the saw and the hammer; the ' under below' of the man on top ; the eager footsteps of a throng of possible supers,' deadened by the long-drawn 4 sighs of expectation ; the splish-splash of the bill poster; the subdued reminiscences of the hangers-on ; the echoes from an adjoining taproom blend with the execrations of the measurer of future Roman soldiers ; the odor of toba'cco and the dust of falling brickwork ; the sang froid and snvoir fawn of the man on the door : the crowd of inquirers—idle and otherwise; the buzz of expectation and the stern aspect of big-scale preparations ; the humdrum of voices—the shout, the reply : the smiles of conscious satisfaction at the realism of * the ghost.' The excitement—preparing for the advent of ' The bign of the Cross.' 