SHORT CUTS TO FORTUNE. RECENT SEARCHES FOR TREASURE . TROVE. That very suspicious story of the disnovery of treasure worth SHO/JO'f.OOO hv an K.nglish man-of-war on Cooog' Island reminds me (writes an occasional correspondent to the W^stmimster find-ret J thattltiring-fche past year or two there has grown up something that ~ very closely resembles a mania rirthe direction of huntingVor lojt treasure. The people who . -have-developed tha_- craze_tbe_moat—keenly are the Americans, hut-we^snraeLves are not guiltless. Mr. Knight's-Trip To Trinidad jslet in search of the bullion and jewellery 8«ppT»ed to have been deposited there for safety from the sack of-Lima jn _Peru ia ngwa -matter/of—bistoryr^More^reoently—we-bave had on hand the searctrfor the treasure ofthe Lutirie, which went Jown in l799 off tho coast \--of-Hollandjffjth£l-,fflpt000 in-gold and silver bullion; and shortly «n English naval "captain =willdead=-an -expabi tiog_jto the Arabi a n and - Red Seas with the intention of picking up, if -hemay, the untold gold lost along thatimme . nibrjal.. trade route front the—day* -of. -tho~j Phoenicians to our own. -The captain confi -dently expeots with patience_and assiduity to -pick-up,—first in the shallow .waters of—tlie... Arabian Sea, andafterwards in'the tied Sea, -wealth worth-at the "very- least- £800,000,000. He has the writer's very best wishes for com pletejauccess. .A Long Island man is building just now a curious submarine vessel, with-which he pro _p_osea to scpur.the_flpor of the ocean in search. of treasure.—The - vessel-will be 80 feetlongri JFrom "aprali minary-aecdunt ^QL her Wo_gat.hey_1 that the surface buoyancy will be overcome be '. means of heavy weights attached to long wire . cables connected with drums~at either end of ! the vessel. By the operation of these drums -the vessel-will befirawn to the bottom of. the -sea._ Running—fore and aft are axles with broad-tired wheels, which aro connected with an eloctrie motor. "In this way," wo are told *' the ship will be transformed into a vehicle" a" sort of electric motor for the bene-— fit of thenumeroua_merraaids, one may-sup poSe. It ivould be useless togo into further details regarding -The construction of this peculiar ship -vehicle. Suffice it that the invontor believes in it, and has convinced : himself further, that by its means he will become richer than the Van AerbiJtsin twelve mojiths.. He has aoarefully prepared list of treasure"ships lost since the " days-of-Drake.-and^helatitude and longitude : of the spots where they are supposed to Test , ^beneath-the- waypsr-Hejwill-first-make-adjeei | line for L'Ofient, which was sunk by Nelson ' at the battle of tho ""Nile. She hadTi large amount of jewellery and"plate, and £000,000 in tspociozaboard.: rrThau ba ^will look lor-tho wreck of the Da Braak, lost off the Delaware in 1703, with a groat amount of Spanish specie andbullion. On his list Is also the Golden Gate, sunk off Hatteras in the early fifties, andsimply filled with gold from California. . \ -—Only--*' few weeks ago we heard of " the organisation of two American expeditions— one to recover the chests of Spanish doubloons said to have been buried on San Miguel Island, off Santa Barbara/on the Californian coast, by the crew of a Spanish -vessel wrecked in that j neighbourhood many years ago; and the other to search for pirate treasure hidden on the Island of Grand Torre, in Barataria Bay," Hjouisiana, by one of the gentry who in the long ago made tho Wost Indies their hunting -ground,.and who retired to tho quiet caves which aOound between the Mosquito Ooast j and South JTlorida, when thoy dosired a rest, or when pursuers became importunate. This last expodition was associated with the pirate Joan Lafitte, who ia supposed to have secreted somewhere about the coast enough wealth to buy up "London. This "man's"name is a synonym for piracy among tho half- million people who inhabit those parts. Just ask them, and thoy will point out a thousand "tilings"assbcidtod witlrfiim, and-willoall ttreir grandfathers to tell you enough grisly tales about him to fiil a book.—There is not one of the thousand loWjJat islands along the -GnlLeoast from Pensacola clear arouiidTo"the uPpint of-lfucatan, not a/bavou, creek/Lay, lagoon, or crooked waterway in all that country but has its dark tales of Lafitte and his hidden treasures. Ho is their greatest hero. His father was a Frenchman, who emi grated to the _Weat-I.ndies, where—ho- had possessions. But a negro revolution drove" the family to New Orleans, where the son took to smuggling. Then occurred the revolt against Spain. A Republic was proclaimed in Mexico, and its adherent? were engaged in a bitter strugglo with the Spanish Viceroy. The Revolutionary"Government was repre sented in New Orleans by a Commissioner, Don Jo.hc Manuel Herrerar From Herrera 1 Lafitte obtained the appointment of Governor of Texas, under tho Revolutionary Govern ment of Mexico, procured a number of vessels, and harried the Spaniards nominally as tho servant of the new Republic, but actually on bis-own Account,_ It is beyond question that he did not confino his attentions to Spanish ships, hut attacked all merchantmen that came in his way. In his time he committed enor mous havoc, and must have appropriated enor mous treasure. What did he do with this treasure? That is just what American specu lators would like .to know As we have hinted, almost every likely and ^unlikely spot along-the-Gulf-Coast-hAs-been tapped for this recalcitrant treasure. The last carried through—that is, apart from the one to Grand Terre—was in August last year, when there appeared off Matagordo Island a mysterious schooner manned by half-a-dozen mysterious men, who landed on the island, mpentTi few days there, and then left in their j sohoonor as mystcriously as they camo, leaving behind them in tho sand a square hole 6 ft. wide and 0 ft. deep, as though thoy had dug up something and carried it away. From this every native knew there had been another search for Jean LafVttd'e bnried treasures. The smallbsland -rff Gbeniere -Gomirada. a few miles south of Biioxi (Miss.), was perhaps the favourite resort of Lafitte. He had a .-bouse there, and the frame of the "Lafitte Cottage" is still to be "aeon, biiilt almosr. upon the water's edge. A path leads through the garden to the beach, upon which a gate opened amid a cluster of water oaks. It socins very strange that some foH.urre-hunttsrTtocs-not dig - —under-tho —old—waathor-beaten building for treasure/" TJerhaps the-story that ghosts of men dangling from ropes and of men in ttie act of walking blindfolded into the sca-from-a vessel are seen nightly at this dreary Bpot prevents the search. Digging, however, con tinues at intervals on other portions of the island, and at Biioxi, where the otrat.es fre quently oame. A hint from any very old negro will sot a lot of ^old-hunters to work vigorously. ..fust about the time when the treasure hunters were at Matagorda, another party was searching in tho neighbourhood of'the Delaware Capes for the £3,000.000 in Spanish gold said to have gone down in that neigh bourhond in the privateer Do Braak, already _ alluded to. This was the fourth attempt after \- the same treasure, and it nec.fl_scarccly.be sai l it was not found, It must be an impossible __lasK_loJ.ocate thu- wreck m_the_shi£ting-sands . lb a t J i e"ofTth ose Gapes. A little earlier in -the year--an expedition was fitted orrfr at" New Vork to search for tho treasure—estimated at halr-a-miliion sterling — which undoubtedly _went down with an .English man-of-war about the time of-the revolutionary outbreak—on -Hull Gate in Long Island Bound.—This also was unsuccessful. The United States from the Delaware southward is supposed to liavebeon fancied as a "treasure bunai-ground byBluoBeard and the other men who formed. . the earlier generation of pirates. There is probably not an acre_of ground .south of the Gaps that -has-not- been dug-on- for-aunken treasurc. Wo never heard of more than one authentic fiud.r About seventy .yearsago. an -Amerioanaciioonorwent-asboreZBOtiiewhere north of Sinepuxint Inlet, and going along the beach the ..captain found the end of a chest sticking out of the sand. Ho took It aboard, and getting safolv away went to Boston, The chost contained V quantity of gold "and silver plate, jewelled -aruia, and some money, sup posedto have belonged to Bradish Ten, Kidd's first mate. whojescaped whenthoTCaptai n was taken. The evidence^however. on which-tlie ownerslnp is ascribed to~Ten seems very-in conclusive. ^ No fewer than throe soveral searches wero made last year for the treasure hidden some where on ilaguelsland, in the Gulf of Florida, by an old miserly ex-miner named Nicholson. It was at first thought,- wo are told, that Nicholson had just enough money to keep the wolf from h'13 door. But one day a visitor surprised him as he was-bending over a shining heap of gold. There were ton and twenty "dollar piene3 enough to fill the rude table on which they were piled, besides many " slugs," an octagonal-shaped piece of Californian gold at one time in circulation on the coast,' and valued at fifty ' dol lars.. Shortly afterward Nicholson died suddenly, _ lie .had. no relations, had jmade_ no will, and-seeminely had left nothing valu ahlo behind him. But what about that table full of-gold? The fortune-hunters rushed in -by thedozan; searched- every whereabout the hut and its vicinity; turned up every sod in the garden, and even ploughed-the sands of the shore all round tho island. One of the .men who. last-year. ..endeavoured to locate the bullion took a divining rod with him. He ww as successful as his predecessors. 