THE LIGHT-THAT OAST NO 8HADOW. Curaon stories are told about the powers poe sessed by certain nativeo of India, who live op among the: Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the "adepts," as these queer Hindus.are called, for the purpose of finding outi the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scur 2viy, but interested him all the same, . One day the professor wanted to examine:some ancient Sanskrit: mailuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. "I cant see to read, here," said the visitor. " Then we will have some light,". was the rea ply, and immediately (the professer says) a soft Pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality- it cast not the slightest shadoro. . , This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth Is affirmed by anman of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the light you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or un belief commonly runs parrallel with one's own experience., Dr. Johnson sniffed at the ac count of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. "In the springo of 188" writes or corres Spondent "It fel into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low.-spirited and out ofsorts. At first my stomach was' deranged my appetite poor, and a(ter eating I had a pain and weight at the chest. I was much, troubled with wind, and frequently spatup asour flsid, also bitter bile, Later on r suffered from nervousness and great depresion of spirits.: I kept up with my work, but had always a sense .of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relievina me. At last beard of Mother Selgel's Syrup, and pro. curedl a supply. After I bad taken only a few closes I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I thd no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having.used it or seen it need, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since. my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrp I have been in the best of health and spirits, In the interests of suffering humanity I deem It is a duty to send this testimony. (Signed) D. Gr.ffiths 151 Hockley Hll, Birmingham, June eight 103O." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Grlfllth's candid letter and the story about the lighbt that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot 'be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at u at his address, : Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease-indigestion and dypepsla; it cures that and throw's thre light of health and happli. over hearts and homes where illness and palo a had cast such dark and terrifyiug shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witne.ses. 