CHRISTIAN CONVENTION. PENTECOSTAL CHRISTIANITY. "OUR NEED OF TT." The different meetings bold In tbo Centenary- ball yesterday In connection with the United Christian Convention wero largely attended. Much enthusiasm amongst church-goers of all denominations Is being aroused by tho various addresses, which are being delivered on tho sub ject of "Pentecostal Christianity," the topic that was selected for consideration at the convention. Tho phase of tho subject spoken of yesterday was "Our Need of It." At tho afternoon session the Rev. F. Duesbury, tn tho course of his address, spoxo of tho futility ut people attempting to do the Lord's work with out the help of tho Holy Spirit. The need of tho Holy Ghost lu our individual lives was not gener ally realised. Many were trying to quench evil with their own efforts, and tho evil seemed only to laugh at them. The help of tho Holy Spirit was required. There appeared to ho a kind of color blindness iu referenco to spiritual things. It was no uso people trying to shout themselves happy; they must ask God to search them, and try them so that they might know just where they stood, and how much they needed tho Holy Spirit. Tho secret of how to make spiritual life bloom was that God should search thoir hearts, and try them. The need of tho Holy Ghost would ho mado known In answer to prayer. Tho Rev. A. W. Webb, lu speaking of tho need of Pentecostal Christianity, said ho had experi ence that there was a possibility of realising tlio Holy Spirit. Ho wanted to lead tho people to God to know tbo fulness ot blessing, which was tho initiation of a new llfo to thoso who believed. He asked tliera to say If they could realise Pentecost. Wero they satisfied with their own Christian ltTe? Had It boon what they anticipated? Wero other people disappointed tn their Christianity? Let each man ask himself, was his Christianity exerting a favorablo influenco on his friends and his neigh bors? What people wanted was abundant llfo. There was a great difference between life and abundant llfo. Some pooplo had just about enough Christianity to mako them miserable, bo causo they could not realisa what tlioy knew to bo tho Ideal llfo. Thoro were some Christians who wero positlvo nuisances, because they wero always full of spiritual aches and pains. Spiri tual health meant forgetfulncss of self. Tho truly spiritual man said he had only ono thing to do. and that was to glorify Christ. At tho evening session tho Rev, John Dixon, In his address, said that the theoretical knowledge of practical Pontocoetal Christianity was of no use whatever unless people realised that tlioy needed tho Holy Ghost. Tho need of the Holy Spirit was too little dwelt upon; and It should bo realised that being horn again was a mystery abovo reason, a mystery of God's. Tho Rov. John Watsford said they needed the Holy Ghost that they might uplift the masses nnd savo them. They needed tho Holy Spirit for Christ's sako tbat tliey might servo Him wholly. Men had no knowledge of religion and ot facts to be communicated until they had received tho Holy Spirit. Men of faith and of the Holy Ghost wore needed In their Churches. Tho convention wilt bo continued to-day. A prayer meeting will be held at 7 a.m., a Bible reading at 10.30, a meeting for business mon and women at 1.15 p.m., a session at 3, and another at 7.30. In tho Interval between tho afternoon and the evening sessions a conference of ministers will be hold on tho subject which Is forming the topic of consideration at tho- convention. 