divers and Sharks. i SOME THJULLIVff EJCPJEBIEXCE^- Divers who have been doTi'ft is foreign seas tell of exciting encounters with sharks. But it appeals tlsst " th» demon of the *ea," with all its vsSaetty. is a little timid in presence, ot th» strange creature that wears a shia3&£helsaet, with the eye of a Gorgon aii a locg plume of bissiirg sir- bubbles. A. diver who spent some years at the Alls* traliai? pearl fisheries describes in thiar way his- first encoui>fer wit& a shark:— "I felt instinctively,-*-" he- says, "a. strange pseser.ee before I saw anything. The smalt fish usuafty found! m great numbers smong the corals entirely disappeared, and the absence ot these flitting: Sttle companions, wises one has become accustomed to them, produces the effect of intense stillness. "A creepy, indefinable sensatiow oC dread took hol& of me, it heeassne one of downrigat terror when I turned and saw. within-ten feet of me;, the btrik of an immense sfisark. The creature lay almost motionless, half-hidden' anosff a mass of cobweU corallines. My first thought was to be pulled up; but as fisZft have human nature enough to want a thing as soon as they see it is- belngr tafcen away from them. I rejected' the idea. A sweep ot its tail, and the great. fish and I were facc to face. "Holding my breaSh, I stood perfectly stHl, my heart beattag wildly .andi my eyes rivetted on the wicked eyes and cavernous mouth of the shark. I felt that the monster was inspecting, me with some curiosity.-and after a fewmoments I became aware that by an almost imperceptible motion of its flexible tail it was gradually approaching me. Nearer and nearer came the leviathan, the shovel-shaped nose pointing directly to my face-glass. Flesh and blood could stand it no longer, and with a veil I threw up my arms. Instantly there was a swirl of water, a cloud oT mud, and my enemy vanished." Another shark story, this time from the West Indies. "A large steamer," the diver relates, "had struck on a reel an£t then slipped off into deep water, taking with her the mails and a valuable cargo. There were some papers that were particularly wanted, and I was in the chartroom under the bridge working forthem when suddenly, as I turned, I saw the wicked snout of a big brute betweea me and the door. I went creepy all over, I can tell you. But I kept still and so did he, except that he worked a fin lazily, like a screw steamer holding; on against a tide. I got the knife in my belt loose, and waited. The shark evidently did not know what to make of me, and gradually drifted over to tbe other side of the room. I began then to move towards the door, and had almost reached it when the shark made a sudden rush in the same direction—and disappeared. TThlch of us got thebigger fright I don't know." But encounters with sharks don't always end so. Some years ago an English diver. who"was at work on & • sunken wreck off the Island of Diego Garcia, had a visit from the same sharfc every day for a week. At first he hanX no trouble in scaring it away; it was enough if he gave a turn to the escapevalve in his helmet and let out a little air. But at the end of the week it had become very troublesome. The diver signalled for a knife and a looped rope* and then boldly held out his bare hand as a bait to the shark. The monster came on with a rush and was turning on its bfcck when it was stabbed by the diver, -who then passed the loop round its body and sent it up to the surface. A cool head should certainly be included in the equipment of a man who seeks to earn his bread in the sea. The story is told of a diver who saw two ghosts, "full fathom five" under the surface. He had gone down to the wreck of a large steamer, and was crossthe main saloon when two greyshape? of enormous size came shambling to-.vards him. He did not wait to make notes for tlie Psychical Society, but ave Hie danger signal, and was at once pun-d up. Told in the cheerful light of day." it seemed rather a lame story: and another diver went down to see what l:e coulS make cf it. Towards him also came the shambling grey shapes: He stood irresolute for a moment and then, going liolcUy forward, struck-his hatcliet through—a mirror! The ghosts, were only a dim reflection of his own legs, much enlarged, of course, as everything- is that a diver sees through the gro.it frontal eye of his helmet. 