SOCIAL. i ' Kndy Hampden will . bo "at homo" to a largo I number of guestH at Government IIouso on Tues- ,.day. .' ; Tho vino-regal rccoptlons lmvo recently been ...so popular that- it la satisfactory to hoar that !-.lUQ UUII-IWHI In 111 IA5, irnwufccu. J Ilia in cur- j.tainly a-, step In (ho right direction, although j.ilt is to ho hoped Hint a new ball-room will t.,noino day be hull t. It is nil very well for ori- lookers tp say (bat a iiuie extra, work Is no ..consideration aba placo like Government IIouso, to,! where there, arc . so many hands to do It, but tho hostess .does not exist, at all events In 8yd- ! noy, who tvould. like ,to remove every nrtlcio of furnltitro from her reception-rooms six or , soven times, a year, in order to entertain her 'friends. And this feeling would bo actuated not _! only Oil account of the discomfort engendered, ' but for tho sake of furniture, which docs not ".usually lend itself to knocking about with much ', 'grace. Providence lias, so far, been very kind .where vicc-rogal functions aro concerned, but \- Imagine tlic stale of things, if, oil the night of ' a big ball, the rain eaine down In torrents! 1 However, with Federation In the air and the ..prospect of a Federal clty.'now ball-rooms aro not to bo thought of just now; bo we will', be content i- -with- small mercies and look forward to a good ' dance in tho enlarged room. /Everyone agrees that Judgo Backhouse's re ception at (.lie University on Wednesday even ing was quite the pleasuntcst entertainment ever given there, and it has boon most refreshing to find so many ladles declare that they tho- roughly enjoy the University receptions. Now, ' this Is something entirely now, for It lias been ' altogether "tin do slcclo" to bo bored In this \- cenlro of bo much learning, and the nlrongcst evidences that an air of seriousness, and . not an \- all- of festivity, Is expected within the wails' of tho great hall arc the hues adopted by the ladies \- In their toilettes. These are usually of a sombre character, and not, like Mr, Lawrence Campbell's recitations were on Wednesday evening, spark ling and raey. Mr. "Fuilwood's sketelies were clever and amusing, and M. Wiegand Hooded the ' atmosphere with lovely liarnmnies from tho"1 sivoet-toned organ. Mrs. Backhouse wore a hand some yellow brocado, witli bodice sparkling with silver spangles, and, with her husband, received the guests at tho entrance door. Ills Excel lency the Governor nrrived early with Lady . Hampden, who looked charming In pearl grey t satin, embossed with velvet floworsi--and trim-' mod with some old dace; Tho Hon. Dorothy. Brand was in palo blue satin. Captain - Sloane . ..Stanley; A.D.G., and Lord, Richard Nevlll com-! pleted tho vico-regal party. Sir James and Lady Fairfax woro there resolving congratulations from everybody, and "dear old, Sir Edward .Knox," as his many friends called . Mm,- was ocn-plimenled on all sides. Lady Fairfax was dressed In black satin, trimmed with lace,: and reliovcd with somo handsomo passementerie. -Miss' f Knox was also iu black, wlth.;turquolso bluo: .velvet as noto of. contrast,.-, ., MrB.,-,Andereori- '.'Sluort woro black, nSp, /did Ips. ;E. BarfohjjMrS. 'Sim psnri,- Mps. Berry. Di;ipap,xSlrs.; ftygrikbtti Airs. . Russell 1 French,. Mrs.,. MacLhtirln, Mrs. Harris ; (Mayorcss.of Sydney),. Mrs.. Purvesi.Mrs..Robsnn, ; .Mrs. M'Cornmck, and d number . pf- other . well '.joipivn ladles, but of course these dresses throw into cifectivo relief somo. beautiful lace, em broideries, or flowers; one happy wearer hod an exquisite lace collar, outlirilpg her. square corsage, .toy way ,pf contrast, 'it, was' pleasant to see Mrs. to.lattory in palo lilud, Mrs. iforderq in a lovely gr.ey satin brocade; finished .with .chiffon, em- ' brpldored in delicate 'tints; Mrs. Wilfred Docker, in' a rich -'magenta B.hado ' of satin ; Mrs/ Teeco, 'Mil white -Ijrbciide ; pretty ! Mrsr' 'Scot Sklrt-inp, ; also in white; Mrs;1 FdllntAhp Mrs.-'Co\vllslitlw,-:: and Mrs. Etfdth'firatOrihattgby.W-fblub: and Mlisf < M'Gk<ayv.(umti-pij of; the, Rrincei , -Alfred! Hospital),, S in lemon color. -Tho /young ladles ; of - the ,-eom- .pany woro - naturally in. .youthful - colors,- -tho . -Misses ,I>"ronch appearing in pretty;.white drosses, Ailbs Slattory in pink, Miss Graven in pale blue, ., trimmed witli- jewels. Miss "Madeline Docker.ih red, Miss llankcn In white and pink. Miss Gould -In blue, etc, It was, howqvor, tlio Cbancelloi- of '..Alio. University. who attracted most attention, for .. Ills ''block igown, richly embroidered, in gold, sug- ' .grst'ed tho magnificence of an Eastern potentate, » .'.J.udgo ' BWMioubq. was'.sidsd; In full regalia; and :a; t T.ficirlet BOn/worn liy aribthor (topnltapy madb, an" oaslg. of f brlthLrtess' 'ai'nid.bt'r;tltpsi,sombfq „ iydlik.- ",Not leas); iiJtcct3finfr%ero'&hafl;'dSome')mWigr4.- ? duatcs,. tho idea to1At''hiulrisaro'alVajre'.'snonj'rrio'uV'Wltlf ' spobtacles'' and porslonal uiiattractiVcness, Re- 'ifreslimcnts woro served -on the dais, and about il 'Judge and Mrs. Backhouse woro warmly com- ' ' 'pllmented' on their entertainment by tho depart ing guests. The full list of guests was published ''on Thursday. \- "On tho following evening (Thursday) the Syd- . - noy University Sports Union gavo a bail. Tills was an exceedingly bright and woll- arriingid '..-A-'bUtDrtalnmont,- and quite a- young people's dance.. \--"Mi'; Darvall Barton and Mr. J. Brown woro re- -i' tipolisIbiO'foritlio,urningemGnl8;:iniid it Is- duo to iinco, and Mrs/ Suni'morbdli played hor new waits J" os'an "dxtni. The' Pttddlngton Town- liall, whore ' "-tlio ball was given, lends ltsolf well at present for' sno'lal functions of tills natui-o, for the good taste in which tho now decorations have been executed .- go far towards completing an artistic effect. ".M.rs. MaeLattrin was prosont, but the Chancellor to tfiis not well onough to attend. Mrs. Gollin '...brought her pretty daughter, who looked well in 'will to satin, finished with white daisies; Mrs. "...Cowlishaw and her daughter woro also prosont, '.1'ilib Iftttpp-iri white' satin, trimmed /with silver;. X-Mfee kfacilonald also'.,wqvofwhtLe ssttj) ph\kii'b(iop;" J-MIss Lihge jwigtlutoblaqlki ;M jpp Mtidollpo ,I)pcltct'i' \- , In red' sllk- midorrbli(ek .lacp ; (IssJrray, felor, . -/ in. whlto"aii(i: blue.', arid her -slstor. in .orerim silk., L The two.Miss Bartons looked very, graceful in ."'their prbtty toilettes, arid Miss Adams wore an Eriiplre gown' In yolldw gauso. Miss. Brown wore toil handsomo yellow' silk; and hor sister an excocd- ..irigly pretty Beatlo' costume of white satin veiled with whtto clilffon. tlio deep flounce and eorsago to'stroivri . with pink roso petals. Miss Ruth toM'.Ehlllomy .was milch admired, and woro a lovely " drcss ot white satin, veiled. with not, embroidered With oiectrlc .heads; a bunch of pink roses on the ) loft shoublbr cdmplofcti';a charming.., toilette,, 'toMIss ' jMs'ip/,'M,i()dl'at,0,nto.,FflM",- 'ritoto®!''0'-!'0!'® "/white; to-fii'otty . Ktojs" llmposslblp, '/toto'lilake, .distractionli,. Two vcSy haridHomb bliiek' dresscb glorlfled' with jet w'pr'o worft by Mrs. Pi'irveri arid Mrs.' Triyior. Among others present wore: — Mrs. Tee.ie, Mrs. " Cllvq Teeco, Mrs. Murray Prior, Mrs. Barton, Mrs. "' Ohlshoim. Mrs. "Brown (Swifts), Mr. nrtiomfiolil, Mr. and tho Misses Maxtod, Mr. Koly- ' "riaok, Mr. West,' Mrs. and Miss " Flts- "hardlngo, Mrs. Tooth, Miss Macdotittld (Principal ; Woman's Collego); Miss Bounio, Professor Jiitb-: ;:"ro Brown, Dr. and Mrs. Tilling, Miss -Fairbairn, '-Miss Maude- ami Miss Lily -Watson, Mr. rim) lWMiS8 Friend. Mr/Holt, Mr. Mack, Mr. and -Mrs,. s-Orecd, "Mrt Slntlory, .Miss-Barton, ' Mrs. Dlngen,' h'Mrs.'aridlMlsb'M'olbouraVftho lattdr'-looklng Very Wjirotty iriSwhltoW'-'MISsilkilhier, -MISS RUssoir'(lri- pink trimmed wlUt vlolots), Miss Rundlo (In yel low silk), and "iriauyotliors. ' -:v Mrs. .01 Ford Mooro and -somo friends gavo a /-'concert -to' the patients at the Thomas Walker .'.'Convalosaent -Hospital on Saturday last. Mrs. -'Ghost, Horr Mauor, Mr. Lnmont, Miss Bourne, -Mr. Moore, Miss Lount, Mr. Clilldo, and .Mr. leMltcholi took part in the programmo, while tlio /-..conductor,; who Is a gifted musielan, - played a fantasia on Irish airB:. Tlio performance wont iWel! and was much eujoyed. A ball will |io hold on Tliursday evening In aid to/of the B'lirv/ooVr School of Arts, in tho local hail.- Mlas Loitch and Miss Lambton aro hon. secre taries. Mrs. Klngsmlll Sliaw was at homo to friends in lier stinllo on Wednesday. Mrs. C. A. Edwards, Mrs. Flemmlng, Mrs. Aloxam/nr, Miss Mills, Mr. IJeatler, and Mr. Baxter contributed to tlio plea sure of llio guests, wlilie tlio hostess sang two new songs. Among those present were: — Mrs. Clurnow, Mrs. Mcrriniau, Mrs. 1 .en thai I , Mrs. Hill, Mrs. Stunrt, Mrs. Pliai-nliiun, Mrs. Gill, Mrs. Harper, Mrs. lintliven, Mrs. Gillies, Mrs. Oswald, Air. Mnlthind, Mr. Brown, .Mr. Paul, Mr. Shaw, Mr. Plddlnglon, otc. Tho Tempo Ball committee met on Tuhrsday with satisfactory results, Tho hall takes place in tile Town-hall on June 22. A Swedish dance, In which all present may join, has been ar ranged, Mr. and Mrs. Irving Winter are slaying at tho Australia. Mrs., and Miss Plggott, from Melbourne, are at present at Miss Scougai's, In Macqunrio-street. Tlio bail In aid of tlio Fresli All- League will lio held in the Town-liall on Wednesday, Juno 1, witli every prospect of its usual success. A large party from Government House will be pre sent, also many other familiar faces; and every thing is being done to make everyone happy and comfortable. The new waltz, "Valentine," by Louise Imray, will be played by the band by spc-cial request. It now only remains lor nil lovers of iiie Fresli Air League to come to tlio bait and help to make it the success of the sea son.- Special tram and train will leave after the ball. In connection with St. John's Church, Beo- eroft, ii very successful garden fete was held at "Bevslulgh," the residence of Mr. B. 'R, Gelling, on Saturday last. The ovent was -organised in aid of the purchase of a now organ for the church. The stalls and stallholders were as fol low:— Refreshment stall, Mcsdamcs II. O. Hol- coinbo, C. Pordrtau, Donges, and B. R. Gelling; jumble stall; Mosdames J. Grant, M. Green, and Dobble; "The Home of Buiiyan;" Miss Ogdon, and Messrs. Nicollc, Farrlugton, and Green; lolly stall. Misses G. Skellett, Rcld, Newton, and Scale. During the liroccedlngs Messrs. Pitney, Bassett, Hall, Barnard, Fox, and Martin' gnve: a splendid display of Indian club-swinging. Messrs. Arthur Nott, B. R. Gelling, II. W. Glllam, S.; Green, II. Chandler, and Lnmont contributed various musical and vocal Items. . At Lo Chalet, Hunter's-hill, on Saturday after noon last, Mr. and Mrs. II. B; Cotton were "at homo" to their frlenda. The pleasure of the gntherlng was colored with regret, for those pro sont realised that, owing to tho change of ro- sldenco which they Intend to' make almost' im mediately, ; It would bo the last occasion upon which llietr mueh-estecr.icd host and hostess would bo able to. entertain amid (.ho beautiful surroundings of tho pleiioant homo In .which .they liavo spent 'the jkutt eight ycaTs.' ' During' that, time they- haVo 'by tijrilr personal' eliarm rind ac tive benevolence endeared themselves "to "all, and many arid sincere were the expressions of rogrot at the Impending change. Iu Mr. Cotton; All Saints' Church will lovo an active and liberal supporter, and Mrs. Cotton's departure will do- privo tlio neighborhood of one whose lovable and .dignified jyituro naoer failed t.o elicit es- toom nnd admiration-. Amongst tlioso prc- Bcnt wore Tlio AiMltlilshop of Sydney, Alias. Snowdcn fipil.li, and tlio Misses Smith, Sir ..George and Lady- Dlbbs, Mr, - '-Justibo Simpson aud.Mrs.,.Simi)Son,.ox-Judgo Wilkinson, Mrs. Wllkliisqn;;"nrid. the Misses willflnson, Mlsst MuFderitihi-' (principal: 'of ' tboi Wonlan'ls' Collegb),' RoV. W. I.' Oa'rt' Smith and tlio Misses Cnrr Smith, Rev. S. S. Tovey and Mrs. Tovoy, Rev. W. Grifilth, .Rov, P. J. Aibory, -Rev. P. Rf Spry- Bailey, Mrs. and Mis3 Spry-Balloy, Dr. nnd Mrs. Lloyd, Dr. Wright, Mr. and Mrs. R. R. P. . Hick- son,, Mr. and Mrs. John Armstrong and Miss .Armstrong, Mr; and Mrs. Frank Osborne, Mr. and Mrs. Logan (Newcastle), Mrs. and the Misses Twynam, Mrs. A. G. Ralston, Mrs. R. Wlndcycr, Mrs. ,.T. Mangan. Kemmis, the- Missos Joubert, MrR, ,U-.- Suttor, Mrs. Robinson, Miss Robinson, MIss Buchanan, Miss CadeU. RIr. and. Mrs. Stua:rt ' CoUbri,;, Miss. E.' C, .Mucauiayto, Mrs,i.picItson,.'.arid- 'Mls's) Leslie,' Itlris. '.,W.- 'niablcot./Mrs. .Trjiillr:Mra,. "Tiibrribto'Mrs. Ur.roi), Mr. Leslie, Shepherd Smith, arid tho Mjssos Shepherd Smith. ' Mr. and. Mrs. Cotton have taken a house in Elizabeth Bay. A very successful diirico took placo Jn tlio Masonlohall, Summer-hill, on Friday last, 20th Inst.,' which was given by tho gentlemen as a return to- Unit tendered by tlio "Daphne Cln- dcfellas" on the 20th ult. Mr. C. Matthew Drew, sr. usaol, proved a most efficient M.C. There wore about 40 couples prosont, rind tho evening proved very onjoyablo. Messrs. Kin- near,- J; D.- Murray, and II. B. Primrose' formed 1 rtib."comrnlttceMr. .Primrose, rictieg, -secretary. The ca|9j;lng„rito9,.ririccessfqllyto'catoiied out by Mrs. APDoffaln, otoSumriior/hillV: , / - < i / 1 'The 'Violet' dance, which took place , in -the Aslifieltl-hall on the 17th May, proved to be one of tho most successful ever held in that suburb, and reflects the greatest credit on tho promoters; chief amongst, whom was tho secretary, /Miss Wlndoyor. Too much cannot be said in thnt .'lady's praise, as with untiring energy she work ed assiduously to bring the evoning to the suc cessful and enjoyable issue, to which it do- serve ily . attained. All tho arrangements wq.ro carried out in splendid order, and the music, .provided, ..by. Mr. Hardy,, wris excellent. ,. Tho ,de- ,.cqinj;ipns;,,,w.orO|t'iiriobt-.i'ar,tlstioi i.nndi >;thbi.';ma!iyt' feriis gjri've'' the" hall : ri brilliririt' appearari'eb.' " Upwards Of 200 responded to their, invitations, amongst wiiym were Mr®, Thom, most beeomingly attired tn a gown of black satin and Jet; Mrs. Wlndoyor, a very haridsepi.e costume of . black ducliosso satin and jet; Mrs. Ramsny, a beautiful gown Of pearl grey satin and chiffon; Mrs. Sprechloy wore a pretty dress of yoilow silk and red rases; Mrs; G. Weather!!!, palo- blue and pink;- Mrs. G.'Sly. a handsomo polo yollow satin; Miss Dev lin was. tastefully attired In wbito brocade; Miss Ddv.'gvdR looked well ,ln yellow, silk arid ./chiffon;. Miss- 0;.r Edwards,. -pretty pale-green riatlnf; -MIsb.' Wihdeyor in -ri' most- hccoming drebs 'ofkwhitff hsnchde, tfirtifrieft with' ehlfron 'and yibi.els;' Mind Rowland, ' liari'dsbrne" cos't'umo' of yellow silk ttnd violets; Miss Hoidbn was tasto- fully attired In white satin and chiffon; Miss F. Wlndoyer woro a stylish costume of yellow bongaline and white chiffon; Miss Bj Reado (Mol- hourno) looked pretty In figured yellow silk; Miss Reado, a becoming gown of yollow satin; Miss A. Windoyer. Miss Ramsay, Miss Bcdfonl, tlio Misses Pal go, Llndormari, Jack, Davis, Dlght, Mnckonxlit, Allan, King, Corlette, Knight, Dow- hurst, Ifowlishaw,. Marks, Lamb, Shadtorth, youliger, nnd others..- - ... . 1 I.. Th,o; "Folly"' dnn'cb liold' at ' Tbxtotto'Afriri'sfcm, ' GIelio lto'6j'rit,.T!j' ili'e 'i,iJth)Mriy;,'iWris;.,6no of'; the 1 iriost erijbyab(o of the.' -season. Tlio hostesses were dlRLingiilsbod by a cluster of- bolls on'tho shoulder, ami tho programmes were decorated in -st -like iiir.Htier, Miss Hilda Taylor was tlie hon. secretary. . Among the. guests were; — Mrs. Wobstor, ' In ' white satin; Miss Lannan wore a pretty pink silk with chiffon trimmings; Miss Cootplros wns in whito satin; Miss Alpon looked pretty in cream silk with a white OHprey in liair; M.lss Malouey, in yellow satin; Miss ;Guy writs In blltteroup silk with rod velvet; Miss F. Giiy. In pink silk; Miss Taylor was In black silk,: .with yellow .flowers, rind her slstor. .was in piilo: blue clilffon blouse, -with black , silk' sklrt't'Mlss R. Taylor; in wliitb salln and pearls; Mlss'-A.' Guy looked Well in' hluo "sritln; Miss Eddie, In white 'silk.' Tliero woro also present: -—Messrs. Gorbor, Wllshiro, Pomoll, S; . Gorber, Daly,. Flaohmriri, Mlllen, Curtis, MacDonald, Co hen", MncCrcgor, Stephens, I-Ienderson, and many others. ' . Tho Assoolritlon-linll, BowrnI, was the sceno of a pleasant ga.tliorlng on Quo'en's Birtlinlght, when Mr. II. E. Jones, president of tho Bowral Young ' Men's Association, entertained tlie members and .their frlonds at a Cinderella, dance. The attbn- danqo numbered boween 40 and SO couples,, and Includod visitors from Mitlagong, Moss .Vale, toolierton Parle, Borrlma, and other parts of tho district. Dancing commenced shortly after S o'clock, and continued with spirit until midnight. Messrs'. F. Cope and T. Chapman carried out tlie duties of masters of ceremonies, In which ca pacity they gavo universal satisfaction. First- class music was rendered liy Mr. J. Mcnzles (violin), and Mr. R. Soulier (piano), and ail nliun- rianco of light refreshment, was provided by Mr. Jones. Amongst, the tadies present were: Miss Jones', grey lustre, trimmed with cream silk; Miss M. Drencher, orcam nun's veiling, Trilby sank: Miss Franklin, grey, trimmed with cream; Mk-i Mitchell, pale blue and white; Miss Dren cher. blown velveteen, green sash; Miss George, black and palo blue; Miss 1 1 lues, black skirt, peacock blouse; Miss Murray, black skirt, grey lilpnse; Miss Poilmore, ercani; Mrs. Cope,, black an-1 buttercup; Miss Moses, brown skirt, cream silk blouse; Mrs. A. M'Donald, black skirt, tartan blouse; Mrs. Goodwill, black nnd pale blue; and many others. A qompllmontnry social, arranged by the young people of the Liverpool district, who have on va rious' occasions participated in the entertainment and hospitality so generously afforded by Mr. W. Itelnllaek, of Bcrnera, I-loxton Park, wns ton- dored tliat gentleman at liis residence on tlio evening of the 4th inst. The heavy rain which fell parly, in tlie evening was responsible- 'for ninny of tho primo movers in the affair from | Liverpool and other parts of the district, not .putting in an appearance; still tho gathering, which numbered about 20, was fairly represen tative. The ' arranging of tlio premises was entrusted to u committee of ladies, and that they faithfully carried out tlieir trust was fully evi denced. Tho two largo parlors were converted intq one by tho removnl of tlio folding doors, and' the walls were prettily decorated with a- profusion of flowers, ferns, and greenery," while the arrangements for tlio comfort and conveni ence, of tho company were complete in every de tail. Dancing, to excellent music, commenced about !) o'clock, and wns kept up without ces-' satlbh till midnight, wlion the company ad journed to tlio supper room, where a tastefully laid, :out ropast was in waiting. Alderman Chapman presided, and after an ample discus sion 'of tlio good things provided, called upon Mr. 6. Miller to propose' tlio health erf "Our Guest," coupled with the name of Mrs. Pyatt. Mr. .tyiillcr, in proposing tho toast, said that tho guest, who wus on all occasions ably assisted by Mrs. Pyatt, Bad often catered for the enjoyment of tho residents of the district, and lie hoped they , would accept tho social as a tribute of the respept and csteom in which they are held by tlioso who had boon tlieir guests. Tho chair man, in supporting tho toast, said he was pleased to see tho young pooplo of tlie district roclprocatlng the many kindnesses extended to thom, by Mr. Re(tallaok and Mrs. Pyatt. IIo regretted that tho weather had prevented a more, feprcsontativo gathering from Liverpool being present, and, doubtless, none regretted' more than j they did their .enforced absence,' for .their ready and hearty co-operation with the promo ters of tho social proved conclusively' that 'they thoroughly appreciated the generous entertain ment and hospitality oxtended to' theni' by- the guests, , Mr. Retallack, in responding, said ho was pleased to see so many" present, and feel that .Mrs. Pyatt's and his efforts to entertain tho residents of the district were appreciated. Dan cing : was subsequently resumed; and continued still the small- hours- Mr, "O. Miller made an effi cient and .obliging M;C., and, in conjunction .with .tho socro|tary, Mr. .1-1,. s MjClure,; ..jvasb mainly ; j re- , .sponsible, for, thq .sueppss ,q£ , the, affair. ...Among those present, besides those ' already mentioned, were Mrs. Cbapman, ' Misses Miller, M'DowcIl, Morris, M'Clure, Browriee, Dowllng, Messrs. Mil ler, iNaglo, Schoficld, Hilton, M'Dowell, and Morris. . ... On Monday last Professor West gave a ball to .this year's pupils, to celebrate not only his birth day, but also, the anniversary of his wedding day. The ballroom was most - tastefully decor ated with flowers, ferns, palms; etc., given by pupils. The Academy band supplied excellent, music. Miss Fitzpatrick played/ the. extras. ; Miss Honriq)|es,, compoBcr -o(,' the , popular-pqw waltz, "B.ritta,".., .played )8p!aclJonSf,i. Mi\,t Ejl'as" Cohen gave, suitable song// ,Neririy" ,300 pupils: attended; During the evening' the little' pupils of Mrs. West danced "the Gipsy and Spanish tam bourine dances, "also Highland dances. The adult pupils danced the latest society and ga- votto skirt dances, the old court minuets, cotil lons of England and Franco, Greek, and other, donees." Professor and Mrs. West. were the reci pients of "many presents. Tlic annual ball in aid of the funds of tho Gotllburn Hospital, and .which' is one of the great social events, of .the year in the . southern city, .was gIvcn,ia(,they0.ddfeilpw.R'-halL.on, tho--nigit of Queen!s to.'.rt!)')nKi(k'Sbe)bal!lj>VOSi!Yory., nrettilya 'decorated, but" .tho. 'display, ija ;.this , respeqt. rivisr not so olabo'rato''as pu provioiis occasions. Ail tho arrangements for tlio ball were very coin- ploto. -Tho proceedings were under tlio general committee, consisting of Messrs. F. P.' Kelly, W. J. Chceseman, A. D. Ness, A. -B. Chisholm, T. F. Moyer, W. A. Macdonald, IR. E. Conolly, L. H. Fitzgerald, C. E. Mackenzie, and J. Knowl- man, assisted by a ladies' supper' committee, comprising Mosdanios Chisholm", Conolly, Helm, Macdonald, Riley, and Chisholm Ross. - The hall decorations consisted of ferns, pot plants,, lings, and art muslin. ..The Ms;C. were -.Mossrs, T. F. Meypr.'A', Dr: Ness, ConolIyto'.Xhq'musi'q.wto!)!)!' "ofiiahi/cx.eallejit. description, was supplied by soven members of tho rcgiriiontril ' band ' of tile First Australian Horse. Supper, whlcli had been "entirely col lected and prepare by the-, ladles, was served ou the stage, tho tables being beautifully de corated, amongst tho flowers used for this pur- 'pose being a cholco display of roses sont by Mr. Haistead, tho well-known rose-grower of Hurst- ville, Sydney. In addition to the ordinary danc ing. there, was a fancy sot, entitled "Powder and Patches," the ladles taking part being Mrs. R.' M'Killop, "Mrs. Bjiiicltt,; liss, Freeman,,, Miss. 'Putter, Bliss' Cairierori", Mirin' Turner, .rind,. Miss Mackenzie; '.' bn.Ttfto'ftllSvflflfif''®' liitU6s'!"'f''iyepi present;— Mrs.': i-i Annblei'.T black""-,:surahf-,::-rind pink roses; Miss,,, Bella : Axam, . .'pink, white lrice trimmings; Miss F. Bell, pink satin, green silk trimmjngs, pink roses, and penrls; Mrs. Brydon,- black snlln broclie, lace, and jet sloeves, white aigrotto; Miss Biish, cream slllc and pearl ornaments; .Mrs. II. Burkltt, pow- dor and patches; Miss Cameron, black morv, powder' and pritchcs; Mrs. Conolly, whito silk, powdor nnd patches; Miss F. E. Cornford, pink, eau-de-nil, lace, and- pearls; Miss de Lauret, grey morv. and bluo chiffon- trimmings; Mrs. W.. II. Freeman,' .black; Misp.. Nellie. Fre/jmanM-po.wder nnd patcfi&?,vlto'SliK,''aria/','epjJiIlpj|J(n- lay, blaoIY- ehirtori -'oer/'Vose' satlri'';' Miss' Futtqr, black satin, pearl /ornaments; 'orimson' shower bouquet; Mrs. John- Hall, -black and buttercup; Miss Hay, black and .-white,, jot body; MIsb Har ris, pluk; Mrs. P. F. Hollls, green floral silk; Miss Hunt, pink; Miss May Kolly (Sydney), pink nun's veiling, lace, and pearls; Miss Klrwan, black satin, jet bodice over geranium pink, dia monds; Miss R. A. M'AIeer, white rind cardinal roses; Miss A. M'AIeer, cream veiling/ pink roses; Miss Gertie M'Connell, white silk, lrice and satin trimmings; Miss M'Connell', buttercup silk and red roses; Miss Annlo M'Fadyerin,- white satin; Mrs. T. F.,,Moycr,, black .sRkp.Mrs. \\\f.' .A. Macdonald,' black' velvet; .'Mrs. M'Killop, , black imerv; Miss M'Shario,' 'white sritln, 'Chiffon, nml gold trimminipi; Miss Mriokorizio, 'pow der and patches; Miss M'Korras, -black surait silk, - barred iri wlilto turquoise ornaments; Miss MnlUies, cream; Mrs. A. E. Pilloy, grey costume; Mrs. A. E, Riley, block slllc; Miss Rankin, white Rillc. trimmed with lace, pearl ornaments; Nurse Sheen, cream nun's veiling, "green trimmings, and flowers; Miss Mu riel Smith, white broclie, trimmod with chiffon; Miss Ticohurst-, blaolc silk, Jet trimmings; Miss Ada. Ticohurst, croam costume; Miss Turner, wlilto silk and laee. with, y.ollowrosos;' Miss Ma rlon Williams, black and white .satin. Following the custom established in previous years, thcro was a juvenile hall, under tho allspices of the same committee, on the lol- lowliig-nlglit, and this also proved very attrac tive and sliccessful. Tliero, was a large ntten- drinco both of juveniles and adults. Ono of tlio features of the night's proceedings wns a fancy set arranged by Allss Cameron, representing a number of familiar fairy tales. Tbe costiinies were very prettily designed. The music during tlio evening was supplied by Miss Armstrong, Mrs. Lister, Mrs. E. F. Thomas, Mrs. Conolly, Miss Mooro, Mrs. Morrlsby, Miss Williams, and Mr. P. J. Meyer. It is estimated tliat tlie com bined' efforts will result, ill llio hospital funds being liencllted to the extent of between £50 and IG0. On Wednesday evening; tlio 38th Inst.,, at St. I John's Church, Aslifield, Miss Ella Houston, eld est daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. II. Houston, of Amesbury, Aslifield, was married to Mr. Vero Road, second soil of Mr. W. V. Read, of Vorsliend, North Sydney, and grandson of Sir John Read, Bart., of Arrawa, Waverley. Tlie church wus pret tily decorated, and the Rev. Mr; Corlette officiated. Tlie bride, who entered the church -on" lier father's arm, looked charming in a gown of ivory whito satin duchesse, cut low, with long train from tho shoulders, and trimmed with real Maltese lace, chiffon, and orange blossoms; the hair was worn high, witli a coronet wreath of orango blossoms, and beautiful veil of rent Brussels laee (worn by the bridegroom's mother at lier own wedding). She carried a lovely bouquet, and wore a pearl star and necklet, tlio gifts of the bride groom. Tile four sisters of tlio iirldo — Miss Millie, Mabel, Elsie, and Leila Houston — acted as bridesmaids, and wore dresses of wlilto silk, wreaths of lily-of-tho- valley, with long tullo ends, and carried gold crooks wll.li bunches of white flowers tied with white ribbon, and woro gold bangles, the gift of the bridegroom. Mr. Cecil Read, brother of tho bridegroom, was best man. Mrs. W. I-IousLon, motlior of the bride, wore black and white silk, with black bonnet and red roses. Mrs. W. V. Read, mother of tho bridegroom, black silk, trimmed with velvet and jot, and vest of aprlcol yellow, -and bonnet of silver, wltb apricot roses and black tips, a very handsomo costume. Miss Lucy Read, white silk, large hat, with shaded red roses; Mrs. Stanley Spreckloy, sapphire blue and silver brocade, Gainsborough, hat of bluo velvet, with white feathers. Most of tlie guests Wore evening dress, with largo picture hats, which looked very pretty. After tho ceremony tlioso present drovo to Ames- bury, where a sumptuous repast awaited lliem, tho tables being decorated with masses of white flowers, and numerous candles and !arap3, with palo pink shades. About 100 guests woro .invited, among whom wore: Sir John and the Misscq Read, Mr. and Mrs. C. Oliver, Mr. and Mrs. J. King Lothbridge, Mr. and Mrs. and the Missos Trevor Jones, Mr. Walter" Tln- dall, Mr. and Mrs. Ralph ' Houston, Mrs. and Miss Owen Friend, and many others. Tho bride's travelling dress Was a "dark blue coat and skirt, palo bluo check cloth waistcoat; crim- .son tie, rind' large black velvet hat, with black feathers. They loft amid a shower of rice and confetti to catch tho Melbourne express at Struth- flold.' The present wore numerous and costly. A wedding was celebrated at St. Simon and St. Judo's Church of England, Bowral, on Satur day,. 21st May, when Mr. Henry Molesworth Ox- icy, "Wingecarribee," solicitor 'and roturrilng- officcr, oldest son of . the late Mr. II. M. Oxl0y. was married to Miss Kathleen ' Margaret' John ston,- "Wyoming," eldest daughter of tlic late 'Mr. to/ , F; . Johnston, of;'. Colarino; 'Queensland. ; The church, .which .was. crowded .with spectators, was artistically and .heautifully/decoratedifo'r the ' occasion' by friends- of -tho bride. /Tlio ceremony was performed by- the' Rev.- Gerard D'Arcy Ir vine. The bride, who was given away by;, her mother,' was led to the altar by Mr. -H. Antill, of "Jarvisfleldv Plcton, who also acted as ,best man. The, Impressivo and beautiful service was commenced by. the- signing of tho hymn, "Tho Voice that Breathed o'er Eden," the bridal party 'meanwhile standing before the altar.- The bride s dress was "of white satin, swathed bodice, sleeves 'and yoke of white. chiffon, with wreath of orange blossoms and' tullo "veil. She carried a Beauti- iftil shower iboiiquot" of white -roses and bquyar- dlri's', ' which, ' together ' with rar, gold bangle, was tliri gift of. the .bridegroom;"- Miss Violet Johnston,- sister of the bride, was the sole bridesmaid. : She woro a' handsomo tnilor- made costume or green Melton cloth/faced with white Bilk anil chiffon, and a green velvet hat trimmed with pink roses and white, plume. She carried a love ly shiowor bouqdot of pinlc roses, carnations, and autumn leaves, and wore a gold bangle, gifts from the bridegroom. After tho ceremony the guests were" entertained at breakfast by Mrs. Johnston, at' "Stilhrook:" where the happy couple received tbe congratulations of " their friends. Tho health of Ihe bride and bridegroom was iiproposed/iby . Mr. 'A. Bray in a..(s.lioito,uq ,(sppee|i; Hho/Hiridegroom responding. Mr. .and Mrs.. Ox- iov subsequently left for their honeymoon. amidst showers of rice" and rose loaves. The bride b travelling dress consisted of grey tweed coat an.il skirt, with whito silk vest, and grey hat trimmed with white ribbons nnd. ospreys. The presents, which were both numerous and hand some, were much admired'by the guests, amongst whom wore:— Mrs. arid Miss Oxloy (mother and sister of the bridegroom), Miss Oxley (Moss Vnle), Mrs. and Miss Martin (Camden), : Mr. and Mrs. Rowe, Mr., Mrs., -rind the Mioses Ben ' M. Osborne; Rov." G; D'Arcy and: Mrs; Irvine, -Mr.; jfendl1MjiCArderiuri-. M.«ft<l MrA/ Bray. MConcorto/.toMijrito.fe'e'Ty. ;/Dririanj;, Mr. --qtrid Mre. Augustus Hill, /Miss MulliriB.' Dr. and Mrs. T. C. Fisher Miss Evans, M.sses Dickenson, Mr.. Mrs., and Miss Mackenzio. Miss Johnston (ToddiDgton), Miss Muriel Smith (Gundagai), Mrs. V. B. Riley, Miss Nollio Brenan; Miss Kyngdon, Messrs. R. H Antiil, J. Oxley (brother of the bridegroom), II. O. .Rotton, IL.B. . Smith, A. and P. Cordeaux, F. P. Dowdell,- W. W. Hlggins (Qnirindi), B. Kyngdon, V. Llardot.-N. Binnie. A meeting of the contmlttce, of tho Jewish Edu cation .Board brill was held on Thursday last; -Mrs. -Neville D. .' Cobeii In the.ohalr- Preoentt; Mrs. M/'Mnrks, vice-president:' Mrs. AV. D: Benr janiln, and, Miss Nelson, hon. treasurers.; Mrs. E.j L i'Davjis' and the Misses Gottholf, .'Marks, Col-, ouel,' Goulstein, Gerstman, and Mrs. J. II. Lan- dnu and Miss Hilda Marks, hon. secretaries. Flnr al arrangements have, been made for tho ball tn ho held on June 8. at tho Paxldlngton Town-hall. Tickets are soiling rapidly, and a successful function Is assured. A marriage between two well-known Sydney people was celebrated on Wednesday, May 18, at the church or Our Lady of the Snored Heart, Itandwiclc. Tlio brldegroorii was Mr. Debts Roger Elemmlng, third son '..of tlio late Michael Flom- mlng;Jiiulldor arid contriaetor.'oC Surry-lillls. anil brother of tho Rriv/iM.i/Ar.'Flemmlng, of St. Bone- diet's, Sydney, to Dr. J. L. Flemming, of Dublin, and to Sister Seraphim, of tlie Sisters of Charity, Sydney. The bride, Miss Nellie Fitzgerald, is a native- of Ireland, being -third daughter of Mr. William Fitzgerald, of County Kerry, anil sister to tho Rev. David and tlio Rev. Andrew Fitz gerald, of the Diocese of Kerry. Tlio marriago ceremony was performed by the bridegroom's brother, assisted, by tho Very Rov. P. Treand, M.S. II., arid the Rev. E; Merg, M.S.IT. At the conclusion of - the nuptial mass, at which, the newly-married .-'pair received ' holy communion, tho wedding party drove to the Coogoo . Hotel, where .tlie- ihreakfast was served, Fallior Flem- ming.'.presiding.: Dr.' Kearney, of / Parramatta, an old college chum of tho bridegroom In Car- low, Ireland, wliero Mr, Flemmlng was educated, proposed tho toast of. "Tlio Bride and Bride groom," In tlio- happiest of .speeches. The bride groom suitably responded on behalf of himself and his young wife. Father Flemmlng proposed the -toast of "Tlio Ladies," on liohalf of whom Mr. Joyce replied. Fathor Treand proposed tho next toast,. "The Mother of tho Bridegroom," and alluded to the many charitable acts of Mra, Floriimiug ' and hor into husband— acts which liavo endeared their names to tho many religious, orders of tills city. Mr. J. M'Sharry replied »n hohair of Mrs. Flemmlng. The last toast was "The Rev. Chairman," proposed by Dr. Kearney, and responded to by Father Flemming. By tlio evening train Mr. anil Mrs. Flemming left for Katoomba, whero tho honeymoon will bo spent. Tlio presents Included many from tlio various convents around Sydney, of which Mrs. Flem mlng, soil., and her late husband wero generous supporters. Miss Maggio Fitzgerald, sister of the bride, acted as bridesmaid ; Dr. Kearney was groomsman, anil Mr. M'Sharry gave the bride away. Tbe Congregaiilonal Church at Sutherland was filled on Wednesday afternoon by a large con gregation to wttnoss the now resident, minister's llrst church matrimonial ceremony. Tlio con tracting parties were Mr. Francis Henry Peter son, of West Australia, and Miss Rhoda ICidd, of Sutherland, 