siMi& to his #YAHTAeE. ^ ? ' . (By Ernest Favenc.) HE noisy chattering of ' ^s^*\\. some laughing-jackasses . ' ^S^d?~~^^. aroused Drummond from . -j^]L,' ^w ? ^* his stupor, and he look ©T^\ ? ^t '-' ~ed curiously around and \fi V Ilk tried to gather his scat \& \ % tered wits together. The ? ? \ ' ^- pa!n in his head was in /\ \\\^T tolerable, but it put his 1 *CS«d»V^^ thoughts on the right track. ' He was just wheeling that infernal T-lue stag, when the brim of his hat flopped over 'his eyes and his ^ head came against a mulga bough. Yes, , that was it. He was M ' lying about fifty or ML, sixty yards from the W '«dge of the scrub, Eg^ and the last thing he jp57 remembered was catching Eight of op ^- en country through the trees; then came the blank. ^ What time was it now? Sundown or sunrise? He got up, weak and staggery, wondering how the deuce it was that his brains -had not been knocked out. Helping himself along by the trees he reached the edge of the scrub and looked across the open patch of country. ..^The twp_ jackasses were on a blood wood a short' distance away, and the mulga threw long shadows across the grass. The fresh smell of the air told him it was morning, and the un pleasant smell of a few gidea trees scattered through the mulga strongly impregnated the at mosphere. He had been lying senseless all the afternoon of the day before, and all the night. He lelt in his pouch for his pipe, haying a silly sort of Idea that a -smoke would do him good, but the flap was open, and knife, pipe, tobacco, and mat ches must have tumbled out when he got the spill. This annoyed him worse than the 'pain in his throbbing head, and he wandered back to find them. After some search he found all the articles but the matches, and that annoyed him still more. ''What's the good of a pipe without matches?' he demanded, in a querulous tone; and a voice far away in the scrub seemed to repeat his question. 'Tm going ? dotty,' he thought, and moved a step away. Then he found that he had been standing oh the matchbox, which was satisfactory, and he picked it up and went outside the scrub again. He began to dislike the scrub. He lit his pipe and thought of starting home, or at any rate to water, where he could rest and bathe his head and wash his hair, which he could feel was clotted with' blood. Slowly he went on reflecting' what a fool he was to tackle the blue stag and his mob by himself, on a horse not used to scrub work. But the temptation was too great to resist, coming on them as he did, so close to the edge of the scrub. He remembered that he must have left his whip behind, and was almost turning back for it, for it was a favorite one, and the dogs wRuld get it. Strange how these things worried him, and he could not concentrate his mind upon what lay before him, namely, that there was only one -man and the jackeroo at the hut. The man had been sent over to straighten up the horse pad dock, and was no good at anything but fencing and such work. The jackeroo was still comparatively a green new chum whom Drummond, for his sins, had to. break in, and neither of them, in the crea tion, of. ca'ts, could eves track him up. His only hope was'that one of them would have the sense to ride over to the head station and get one of the fellows there; for he felt himself growing 'weaker and fainter as the sun rose. ' If he could only get to water, he'd wait till he got better, or they found him. A black shadow suddenly flitted in front of him, and a crow perched on a tree ahead and looked at (him. Then another joined it, and both looked at the stumbling man and gave vent to a mirthless kind of taunting caw. He went past them, and i the pair flew on ahead again. They were follow ing him, and he cursed them heartily, and went doggedly on through the open forest with his two «vil-eyea followers. . 1 ? * * * 3 At the hut, when it fell dark, the fencer anjfj' the new-chum discussed his non-appearance *at I, their evening meal. There was nothing in it, S3 Drummond was often late. They cleared up, ana. sat down to play euchre by the murky light- of a. slush lamp, and finally went to bed not feeling! at all put' out at his absence. In the morninfS they remarked that Drummond would be hungrjrj when he got back, and, after breakfast, the man-] went -to his work and the jackeroo proceeded to spoil green hide. Twelve o'clock, and the miss ing man had not turned up. The new-chum held a consultation with the fencer as to the desirabi lity of doing something; and the fencer agreed with him, but neither could decide what the some thing should be. Suddenly the jackeroo saw somebody approaching on the bridle track that led to the head station, and witn a sense of re lief decided that it was Drummond. The fencer, however, decided that it was Long Jerdan, and Long Jerdan it was. Long Jerdan, a tall, spare man, burnt almost fclaek by the sun, dismounted with the leisurely manner of his class, and shortly demanded, ♦'Where's Dick?' The jackeroo informed him of Drummond's absence. Jerdan was taking some papers from his saddle pouch, and turned round .With them in his hand. 'Where was Dick going?' he asked. 'Round by the long scrub on Baxter's Creek.' 'What Vinrse was he ridine?' 'Dandy. But the horse hasn't come home,' ?aid the jackeroo. 'What should he come home for?' demanded ? Jerdan, with lofty scorn. 'That's one of the yarns you get out of the story books — the good horse that comes home and tells 'em his rider's broke his leg. Dandy's not such a blooming Idiot.' ''Where would he go to?' asked the sat-upon youth. 'Where would you go to when you got rid of the man on your back? Why, back to your feed ing ground, and look up your mates of course. Where does Dandy run?' 'On the Blue Flat?' \- 'W*ll, we can go there on our way, and, if we find him, we'll know something's happened to Dick. Put. .the billy on, and we'll have a feed be fore, we start.,, Tou've got a horse or two in the paddock, I suppose?' 'The fencer put the billy on to boil, and the jackeroo, feeling greatly relieved at Jerdan's ad svent, went down the paddock for the horses. 'There's a letter here from the boss for Drum mond,'* -Jerdan ^stated, when they were seated at the meal, 'and a paper with an advertisement in it,ABMng for information concerning Richard Wallingf oroT 'Drummond, of Throwley, Devon Shire, last heard of in Western Queensland, be cause if he applies to some lawyers in Melbourne he'll hear of something to his advantage. The dSIs thought that Dick might be the man, and I came over to' see him. So now we've got to find him.' Taking rations and blankets, the two started as soon as they could, and rode to what was known as the Blue Flat. Sure enough, amongst* half a dozen of the station horses was Dandy, with the saddle on his back and a bridle with broken reins ' on his head. He -was a quiet horse and easily caught. Jerdan examined the saddle, but found no marks on It. 'The horse didn't come over on him, anyhow,' he said, 'but Dick's had a nasty spill, for Dandy's easily caught. Take the sad dle and bridle off and' put them up in a tree.' The jackeroo did as he was told, and Jerdan commenced cutting up a pipeful of tobacco. The jackeroo, whose'name was Winter, waited respect fully silent, ;f or Jerdan had a reputation as an all round bushman, .and was not to ? be disturbed by green hands. Tired at last of his leisurely pro ceedings, Winter suggested that they had better make a start. 'Right you are, my son,' returned Jerdan; 'go ahead.' . . 'Where to?' demanded- Winter. 'Oh, I thought you knew,' said Jerdan, with bitter sarcasm. 'If you think we're going to fijnd Dick by. Tiding through the country like a ' couple .of bush missionaries with a collection list you're out of it. I was just considering whether I had Jjetter follow Dandy's -track back or- try and pick up Dick's. If Dick -got busted late in the day, It would be a deuce of a round both to follow his and find them first, so Til follow pan' dy/s track back. Just you stop here till I sing out to -you.' ' ? '?? * 'Jerdan -rode off, and Winter remained waiting until a 'cocee' in the. distance was heard; then he!rode in the direction, and found Jerdan slowly : jogging, ralong. Winter had a lesson in the art ofrjataekiaerthat afternoon. Often he thought that Jerdan must have lost the track, but, luc kily, held hie tongue. Twice the silent man ahead sot off and' picked up' pieces of the broken Teins, broken fey the horse treading on. them, and. the sun was low when at- last they, came to a scrub-encircled lagoon, where: Jerdan motioned to Winter 1p pull up,- while he slowly rode round the water's edga,,. when he had: completed the cir cuit lie stopped and looked grave. 'Tm afraid Dick's badly hurt.' lie said as he methodically lit his pipe. 'Winter looked at him inquiringly^ 'You see. Dandy came straight in here and had a drink, but Dick didn't. If, he'd only had a middling bad spill he'd have followed the horse this £ar; '?it's the only water I know of near Baxter's Creek, ior'l -take it the creek's as dry as a bone now.*' -. The jackeroo nodded. *at was dry a fortnight ago when we were out here.' 'If he could crawl at all he'd have come here and stopped till somebody came; he knows I could track him up anywhere this weather.' 'Do you thitik he's killed?' asked the young ster. 'I think he's pretty badly hurt He came to grief some time in the middle of the day, by the look of Dandy's tracks, and Tin afraid we shan't find him to-night. Whatever it is to his advan tage, he stands a good show of never hearing it.' Two crows flew up to drink, but seeing the men they perched on a bough and regarded them with a glance of wicked -intelligence. 'Horse had a drink?' 'asked Jerdan. Winter replied in the affirmative. 'Then let's make the most of the light; we must camp on the tracks to-night It's plain sailing, luckily, for Dandy would have come, straight here without stopping to feed; likely he?d be thirsty when He got fid 'of Dick.' The two started on, the sun was hastening to his setting, and the silence of the bush, and the anxious nature of their errand dashed the snirits of the less-seasoned' young man. Jerdan went much quicker now* -the horse's trail being less erratic. As the short twilight fell. Winter thought that the grim, silent bushman must be going, by instinct, for to his unpractised eye all traces : were -invisible, but Jerdan rolled on with his eyes fixed ahead. It was getting dusk, and wLen they hjsfd got nearly five miles from the lagoon, and were riding through some mulga scrub, which made it darker. Jerdan uttered an exclamation; and- stopped. tHe pointed to the tracks, and in spite of the gathering gloom, even Winter could see that a mob of cattle had been galloping there. 'Dick, old man,' said Jerdan, softly, as if talking to himself; 'I'd give the biggest cheque I've got coming to me for just one hour more of daylight.' He looked around, and rode straight to where the waning light showed the edge of the scrub. Reaching it he said to his companion, 'T;e your horse up, and make a fire; keep it going.' He rode off slowly, keeping in the open, skirting the scrub. Left to himself, Winter busied himself making a fire, and by the time it was blazing up 'the tramp of his companion's horse, and the noise of the loud cooees he was uttering, had died away, and a dread silence settled down. - How long he stcod there,, musing and feeling extremely lonely and miserable, he did not know, but a low whinny from his horse aroused him. There was an answering equine greeting, and into the wide circle of firelight rode Jerdan. He got off his horse, and proceeded to unsaddle. 'Turn your horse out, and short-hobble him,' he- said, curtly. 'Don't make anytea to-night,' he said, as, hav ing turned their horses out, the two stood by the fire. 'You must put up with a dry feed, we must keep all the water in our bags, 'gainst we find Dick.' ' He filled his never-failing pipe, and lit it with a fire-stick, abruptly declining any food. 'The cattle never came out of the scrub,' he said, suddenly. 'That much I could make out. He might be lying dead anywhere close to us. Dandy's a blundering fool in scrub.' 'Can't we do anything?' said Winter. 'We'Jl make a start at the first light, and we must watch ourhorses,-and keep them close handy to camp. That's, about all we can do. Got your pop-gun on your belt?' 'Yes,' said Winter, who sported a small re volver, although the blacks of the district had long degenerated, into station, and township loa fers. . ?'?' 'Fire a shot, and then another one about two minutes afterwards.' Winter did so, without any result Stillness reigned all around them. The night passed slowly; it was moonless, just a slender crescent had shone. during the twilight hours. ''Have you known Drummond long?' asked [Winter,, during their restless watching. 'On and off a good few years. Dick and I ifcave been always good friends, although he's a iTorn gentleman, and I'm not.' V '1 know he's not been a stockman all his life.' . 'Not he; his people at home are well off; but he sever speaks of them, and I. never asked him. 'Take my advice, youngster, and when you meet a man of his sort, never ask questions. It's the sort that are- always talking about what they've been who've come down through their own fault, and deserve all they get. ' When you hear a fel low, blowing about it being a nice thing for a man with a University education to have to pfck up fleeces, or be a wood and water joey, he's no good. Been kicked out for some rascality. But there's another sort; they' don't talk, even when they're drunk. Good men generally; known seve ral of them; 75Ick- was one.' Winter was rather astonished at such a long speech from Jerdan, who was one of the taciturn sort; but he could' see that his companion's feel ings were deeply moved, and he listened, keeping silence, while Jerdan rambled on. 'Yes; Eye known several of 'era. good men, as I say, like Dick Drummond, Richard Wallingford Drum mend, as it seems his full name is. Mostly got killed. One of 'em killed by the niggers out on the Paroo; they caught him on foot In the morn ing going to catch his horse. ' Polished off three bucks before he caved in. Another got taken by an alligator up the Gulf way. Went in to help a fellow, one flood time. Fellow, a fool, would try to swim his horse across, and came to grief. Hung on to a tree,; singing out pen and ink. Blat- ? chett went to bring him out, alligator close un der the bank, took Blatchett and left the fool. Fool's alive now. Fools always live; good men die, like Dick. Suppose,. if you'd been on Dandy's back, you'd a come through safe.' Jerdan stood up, and kicked a piece of wood into the fire, savagely. Winter chewed over the last uncomplimentary remark, and decided that it was neither the time nor place to resent it, just ther-. Faintly, out of the far distance, came a noise, like the frightened'angry cawing of crows, rudely awakened from their dreams of dead men by some sudden disturbance of their slumbers. Both men listened intently; once they thought thoy heara another, irritable croak. Jerdan strode out of the firelight into the darkness, and stood there watching and .listening. 'Come here, quick!' he cried to Winter. 'Do you see a light there, over the tree tops, under that bright star? See.' He gripped Winter's arm, and forced his atten tion on the point he meant. Looking steadily, the young man, after^a few, seconds, saw what cer tainly appeared to be the glow or reflection of a fire. Even ' while, they watched, it faded and died -out. . 'Stop here, and don't take, your eyes off ..that star,' while I saddle up.' In an incredible short space, it seemed to Winter, Jerdan had caught and saddled their two horses. 'Keep, your eye on it while I mount,' said- Jerdan, 'you've not lost -It, have you ?V- . 'No; that's it, under the two bright ones.' 'Right, I have it,' replied Jerdan, who was now in the saddle, 'follow me; -we'll leave our blan kets and things tittthe morning.' Oil they went, luckily through open forest coun try, where the guiding star was easily kept in sight On, until Jerdan stopped, and said, 'Can't you smell burnt grass?' ? :? ~* , ? , . ? Drummond went JWearily along, feeling horribly sick and faint, until with a start, he suddenly re gained enough sense to wonder where he was going. He bethought him. of the scrub lagoon. That was the nearest water, and he altered his course somewhat. (,; But now the sun was growing hot. and he was very, faint and dizzy ;'he would sit down and rest a bit The two crows still followed him, black shadows of fate, and they perched on a neighboring tree, and confided their opinion to one another^jQiat he wouldn't last long. Drummond lay half unconscious during' the day; at times he would make up his mind to make an effort to reach the lagoon,. but the pain in his head, and the intolerable nausea that over came him when he, attempted to rise made him always sink back again. Thirst, too, began to afflict him, and occasional fits of brain-wandering set' in.- - Towards sundown, the crows addresseda few insulting remarks to him,- and flew away for a drink. They came , back before dark, and dis posed themselves for the night. The stars came out, and -with the stars and the darkness. and the silence came the ghosts. Once he made -? sure that he heard a distant shot, but when he tried to shout his voice sounded like a faint whisper. '??????,? put of the darkness there came to him a girl's shape. Though he knew it was dark sight, and overhead the Austral stars were shining, he could see bar plainly. Glad in her light «veniog tiresi ? — -: - \ '?'??'? -f . . ''* '???'. with the flowers of' another clime nestling in her bosom, he saw her-every feature as she^came up to hjm, and put a chill hand- Ih his. The glorious eyes that he had known ana loved so welt looked into his vwn, with the tenderness of the true love of oia. ' ? _ 'It is cold, Dick,' she said, as he put his arm. around her, 'cold,, and I have wanted you so long.' He -could not speak, he knew that he was lying sick and helpless under a tree, and yet he was. standing up, with the sweetheart, ftvho had never been bis wife, in his arms. once again. 'Ah, Dick, it was weary, weary, after you left Only a girl! and they were so hard on me. Dick, Dick, you should have stayed with me, and I would have beea so strong. Dick, you never came back when ydu said, and I was forced into it So young, and all against me. But not for long, Dick, my love; not for long, was it? Oh; it, is. cold. Dick, do you remember that summer night; these are your roses, Dick, dear; I wear them still. Kiss me, dear; my Dick still.' .Cold? Yes, it was cold; that still Australian summer night, and the dear dead girl he held to his breast had long slept in a quiet grave across the ocean. No. That was only a dream, a dream that had made him a wanderer. She was here, here, and speaking to him. No woman's voice had ever since had such music for him. 'Dick, my Dick, I must go now, but' not for long, dear; not for long. Ah, Dick, it is cold, hold me tight like this— like you used to — and kiss .me again.' ' t\ Shew as gone. Above the stars were pale and calm, around was great silence, and he was lying stiff' and aching under the tree. Was she really gone? Perhaps the cold and darkness. had driven her away, for it seemed cold, though he knew I that it should be close and sultry. He would light a fire,' the warmth and 'blaze might bring her | back. Feebly, he got up; this time it«was not fancy; groped about, and found-some dry sticks. Then, after a good deal of trouble, he struck a match. The dry grass caught. Just close by a patch was rank and long, it flared up suddenly and. strongly, and the startled crows flew'' out, pro testing in high displeasure. Drummond heard them and laughed, and as the small patch of grass blazed, and went out, he sank down again to wait for her coming. ? » ? * 'Dick, old man; I have found you in time.' It was not her voice that aroused him, nor her hand that was holding the grateful water to his lips*. No; it was his old mate who was still talking to him. What was he saying? 'Dick, you must get right soon, the lawyers are advertising for you^ there is something to your advantage, they say.' ' Something to his advantage.*- What a farce! But be had something to do before he died. Something to her daughter's advantage! He guessed what had happened. Yes, he would live for a while. They got him in, slowly and -painfully, and he fought for life for awhile, until his senses clear ed; and he knew that the end was near, and what he meant to do. In a long interview witf the superintendent, he gave him all the needful in structions, and prcof of his Identity. Then he made his will, and asked to be left with his old friend. 'I'm off to the main camp, Tom; I've left you something, old man, just a little; you must take it for my sake. That's all, 'twasn't Dandy's fault; he's no\ used to scrub.' 'Another of 'em,' said Jerdan, bitterly, when ail was over. 'Seems to me I'm a regular Jonah; I'll never make a friend of one of his sort again.' ' Far away, a girl just budding into womanhood j heard one day that she was a wealthy heiress, j But she did not hear that the will which gave her j fortune was signed by the hand of the man who was her dead mother's only sweetheart, the mother whom she had never known. Nor that he was a man who heard of something to his advantage, too late— far too late. 