A LUCID INTERVAL. The.thing seemed hardly credible on 'Chinge; but Bob Walsingham (of Wal singham Brothers, St. Swithin's, Lane, 0.C.) was desperately 111 That most robust, cheery, and gene rous of middle-aged city men-a unique "character" In his extensive social cii'cle,:the pillar of half a dozen clubs, the life and entertainment of a score of households--was lying helpless on his back, Ioale, wasted, and delirious, de plored alike by'the city and the West End. At anS earlier stage in the illness clerks and brother directors had called almost daily, asking for five minutes' conference or the mere signature of a l.'dcument. '.tmpvssible!" was the answer of the sacred domestic. "Mr Walsinghamn could see no one-could not even. write his name." The strawed roadway ot the great red-brick house Iooking on Kensington Gardens was trampled by a dozen pairs of carriage horses Every morning. 'while footmen glanced at the 'muffled. Imknocker and handed in cards of condolence. Friends had the consolation of knowingltl that everything money could do would as suredly be done for one who in health seemed to enjoy no pleasure like that of giving-an elementary pleasure, no doubt. Bob Walsingham was not a man of advanced ideas, though what he had were highly valued on many com mercial boards. A stanch adherent of the 'existing order of things, it would never have occurred to him to doubt the tlmerits of large fortunes and liberal ex penditure. As it wtis, while Ihe lay, entinomt specialists, for whom the hour glass ran in golden sands, met, consult ed. and advised day after day, and, hav ing ttrried off hundreds of guineas aind recommended the expenditure of hun dreds nmore.agreed that there really was nothing to be done but to trust to care ful nursing and let the disease run its course. This they said in a manner im plying that inch Individual of them could have arrested It by raising a fin gor h:ul they not preferred anotler me thod of core Miss Lina Farebrother-the brightest. strlng?st, readiest, lightest handed of helpful womankind, the pick of the great St. Stephen's Ambulance and Nur sing Associatiotn-faced with serene self poesession the responsibllitles imposed uIpon her. Precisely because of her ex cellence and comparative youth, the censorious and slightly. Jealous Lady Superior of the establishment (such littleness do sometimes impair the utility of such admirable associations) had particularly enjoined Miss Fare brother not to forget "her position." iBut the girl's plain dress and particu larly deferential manner could no more t oneeal the fact that site was a lady than a nurse's cap concealed the luxu raince of her black hair. Mr Walsing ham's sister and his two nieces-he was the most popular of bachelor uncle.s bowed down to her lightest word or look: and In their desperate strait she ruled the house withll a noiseless despo tism. The patient's earlier remarks to her had thrown little light upon his imme diate needs and feelings, obscured as thtey were by the conviction that he was tile centre of an important telephonic system into which the correspondents of several English and American firms were pouring the most fatuous sugges tions. "I wish to the d-- you wouldn't all talk at once," lihe burst out; and there followed a rigmarole of disordered wit and wisdom, social and mercantile, the lucidity and precision of which failed to render It intelligible to Miss Farebro ther." "If you .cant a flutter, my boy, don't touch those Spanish fours." A weary smile played oder the wasted face. "Much better spend it on cham pagne.. Will last longer. . .-'ITlIroehe er e".-said the nurse, re aranging his 'mlto? "Pay for it!" was the answer. "I'll be hanged if you do!" hils voice'dropped. "The poor beggar's only got three hundred a year." His expression passed into one of more se rlous=,grievance as he looked hard Into the ttiirse? hazel eyes. "L can't conceive swhy ever they put you on the direction. S, , Tou're quite the worst barker I ever knew." As her voice seemed to soothe the pa tient she felt bound to assent to many of his propositions. She made no at tempt to defend her character as a banker, but merely shifted the ice on his head. Pressed on an economic ques tion concerning sugar bounties, she promised not to say another word inl fa vor of "that d--d 'Consumer,'" and expressed a gentle sympathy for iMr Walsinghas's obscurer troubles. No doubt it vwas rather trying to find your self the drum of a telephone, when you had been brought up for the church; and shite would certainly wise the Heong Kong agents (omittilg bad language).and say so. Such was tihe daily programme for weeks of patient watching, during which the sufferer's eyes, when not closed in disturbed slumber, followed her with weary attention round the room. Ills delirium was of the kind in which the mind, like a fish struggling on the hook, alternately surged up to the light, swam near the surface, and plunged again into tile deeps. There came ta day-the fortieth or fif tieth, perhaps, of her charge-when his utterances struck the nurse as more re markable than ever; for lie broke off a warm discussion . on West Indian freights to turn Ills ipale face full uplon her and say: "Come here, Lins--your name is Llna. isn't It?" "What do you want?" said Aliss Fare brother, mechanlcally ; but the volie from the pillows went on: "And a der--ai very pretty name, I say' .... Look here, Lina, ]'ve watched you, and I can see what a tltmp of a girl you are-the sort to make any man happy. Oh, don't you talk!"-hc seemed to fear she should till up intervals left by his exhaustion; but Miss Farebrother, robust and comely, stood and watched the patient, her hands crossed on her apron, but her hieart, it must be added, beating a turn over the orthodox rate. "'m a poor sort of a feller. I know." the voIce struggled on, "but I're got the deuce'of a constitution, and I shall pull through this all right. -.; And look here, Lina; if I do"-the'voice was very fee'lle nosw "will you marry me?" The haggard eyes fixed hers. "W'ill you? Not quite sure how far the soothing policy of assent ought to be carried, she answered, gently: "W'ell, well;.we'll see about it'ihen you're --" "Wll--Stnu --marry-me ?" persisted thepatleC fauintly. "If you do"-he Interrulptdd another -vague expostula tlon--"I'lf make you as happy as a queen. " . If you don't. I'll be Ill .for weeks and months, by Jove. .. And youll Ishave the deuce of a time, and"-thk ghost of. his lost Jovial self wchislter?d-"I'll cut dotn youir screw. s . -W'ii you a . Lna,?" The sufferer strove to raise hIimself on his clbow, brekthlng with an 1Bfort, Iwhile intermittept color flashed into his face. Every mqment.of this excitement was making him w-orse. SThe nurse toiclhed his arm and read Justed the pillow. "'Very wvell," she said, "It'll n trrc-you." But as thile ex cited feature. subsided into instant re pIose and the hIaggard eyes closed, a sudden trembling rendered her hand less steady than usual. As the uatlent's face, averted from Ittrs. anlt on to the pIillow, site heuard Iim say • (and the siltllle wouls tilled Iher withl a strange fear). "Tell Litzzie not to forget that turtle-soup for the 'lrlrke's." A nto ment later he waIs asleep. The nurse met Miss Walsingllham on the Ibroad. roftly-earpetcd stairs. "IHe's r?esting no'," she said, and mentioned the lnjunctloa concerning tile sOIp. "til,." said .Miss Walsingham, "the poor sick parson in IBethnal Gresn. Did hll say that? Tnen he must have bIeen nlite sensible." "I ldolt't know." said the nurse, "'e's beeen talklhg :a great deal. . about things in the city, adl * . and . . oh! all kinds of nonsense."' Miss Farebrother blushed the blush of health and Innocence to the roots of her lustrous hair. The genial, middle aged lady eyed her kindly but closely, and reflected on the occasional freedom, even before ladies, of her brother's language. She took the girl's hands in hers. "My dear," she said, "I may call you that? We're rather-what shall I say-a sporting lot; but our hearts are all right. I do hope Bob didn't say any. thing very dreadful. If he did, you must forgive us. We shall never, never know how to thank you for what you have done-and Bob, my brother, he is, I can tell you, the best, truest, kindest soul on God's earth." ,The gold-rimmed glasses slipped from the speaker's eyes and showed them flowing with tears. The girl, more professionally self-pos sessed, could not resist her motherly embrace, but mingled her own tears with reassuring smiles. "Oh, dear Miss Walsingham, pray don't think anything of the klnd;.and I know. I can see, how good and kind he Is. It was all nonsense, but he . . he called me by my name, Lina, and . . . and asked me to marry him, and . . . and. to quiet him, you know, I . . I said I' would." hiss Walsingham stilled a burst of laughter in her laced handker chief, but, recovering,.looked more se rious. "I don't know what Lady Adela Gresham would say to that; but-she need never know." The implied sense of this remark of Miss Walsingham's was not true; but she thought it politic, even kind, under the circumstances, and it had the basis of fact that she very much wished Bob to marn y Lady Adela. One afternoon, after about a week of gradual but Irregular recovery, the In valid suddenly and quietly awoke from a lang sleep in a luxurious arm-chair in the sunny sitting-room. The sentinel was still at her post. "Is that you?" he said in the level ac cent of a continual discourse. There was nothing in the question, but Its tone struck on her experienced ear as the newly tuned note on a musician's. Bob Walsingham had been quite right when he said that he had the deuce of a fine constitution. A faint color glimmered in his cheeks. and his face was at rest. There was even il its expression a spice of the jovial mischief which was to him a second nature. She smiled quiet pro fessional approval. "You've had a good sleep." "I'll be dashed itf it wasn't a close thing." he added, with a mild air of self-congratulation. "You might have got on at 14 to 1, and made a hat ful of money: but it doesn't matter now, I guess f talked a record lot of rot Where on earth is the daily paper?" For some absurd rea son thei nurse turned as white as the margins of the "Times" she handed him. lie was allowed to read a little now ; it was usually :1 lretence, ending In cc healthful nap, aind she banked up the pillows :1 bit to facilitate the process. "By the way," said the patient sud denly, from behind ile "Times," "where would you like ti go for the what d'yer call it?-the-honeymoon?" The nurse had complete clommand if herself this time. A touch of excite ment, of fanciful romance. had enliven ed the martyr-like drudgery of her life. The Walsinghams had been kind, gene rous; but gratitude must never be con fused with love; and it was highly a: surd of lher not to have retlected--before repeathing the nonsense to Miss Walsing ham-on its obvious explanation. As to the name. why "Adela" might be "Ade line"-and so many girls' names ended that way. It would be very improbable that he could have known her--Miss Farebrother's-own name, though his sister had affectionately called her by it once or twice. So she simply said, wondering if he was awake, to hear it : "WNhile you are away, do you mean? . Oh, I hope you'll be well enough then, for Lady Adela-" Did the invalid "say a sweat'," as he had sometimes sworn in his delirium ? She preferred to believe that he unly muttered, "What on earth d'you know about Lady Adela?" "I beg pardon," murmured Miss Fare brother; "I-I thought you were-en gaged." "So I am engaged," said Bob Wal singham simply; "have been for a fort -three weeks past." There was no swant of color in the nurse's faoe now. "Would you mind picking tip the 'Tines?'" said Bob Walsingham. ile could, quite well have picked it up for himself; and it was not the paper, as she stooped and replaced it, on which his large and bony hand closed. "Line," he said-she could not, or would not, tear herself away from him, though the grasp Nwas no langer that of the helpless sufferer-"you promised, you know-" "Oh., Mr W:tlsinghlam!" she said, em barrassed by hler own truthful instincts, "I thought you meant-I mean-" "You meant," he interjected - " and Bob is what they call me." "I only meant"-her voice came in a broken whisper--"I only said that to to make you"--the right words woulq not come-"to make you better." "It'll be a longish business," he sighed genially; "a sight longer than this fever, but I believe you'll do it, if any one can.' . There's Lizzie comlung. You might ring for tea." The convalescent was observed to chuckle a good deal over the first letter he wrote, which was addressed ill a somewhat shaky hand to "The Lady Su Iperlr of the St. Stephen's Ambulance, Etc., Association." and concluded with a pragraph which nearly gave that dis tinguished matron a flt:-"htr Walsing ham would be glad to know if any extra charge is made in the event of the pa tiett marryilng the nurse, and in view of such a possibllity begs enclose a cheque for L500." Probably no more loving couple were ever married at St. Peter's Church ; blut the shameless husband was often leard to sr.y in after-life, 'You see, she'd found out all about me. I couldn't have let her marry any one else:" and queenly Mrs Walslngham, her fine hair ablaze with diamonds, would blush for him and smil ingly own that during her engagement as nurse she "liad learnt tile worst." "St. James' Budget." .?e we to euderstand (asks our London correspondent) that a new in dustry is not going to lspring up in Aus tralia, ilu-the shape of the exportation of the skulls of aborigines for sale in London? It must be confessed tlhat the prices realised at Steve's' Auction Mart this week are. sunilelently tempt lug. The heuld of a Ma3InorI bIroughlt 17 guineas, nud skulls from New Guinea ranuged from 2. shillings to six guineas. A"skeleton of the molt wats knoe'ked down at 48 guincas. liealrs aind bioomerangs nlsl,brotught'fancy prices. lIolders of ctlleetlons of -nlllive curio sitles havot: good thing that will in crease in value every year. Teacher ;.Anonymous means wlthout a name. W'rite.: a sentence showing you understand how to us ethe word. Small Girl (uWrites) : Our new baby is anonymous. . -f. Stranger :; Whieh is the quickest way to get to the hospital? Constable L'Leny : Try to cross the street in front of a bicycle. MIr Srley (savagely) :'-That confounded baby Is always crying. What's wrong with him. -Mrs Surley (sweetly) : He's got your temnpelr, .love. 'reddy : What is the difference, papa, between a politician and a .statesman? Papa : The statesman, my son, is the one who succeeds in getting the place; the politicians he who fails to secure it. "What are pauses?" the teacher asked the first clas~s in grammar. "Things that grow on cats and dogs," answered the smallest girl. .A .l::lllliCse btodlisitlleir :at 'ouliio hus vauntis his \wal't's:--"'looks e'l gi|- t as 0 siniigisg girll. 'ritit rhiar uis i'rystal. ] 'Otper toucl ons ,'lth'i iint's ii hu '. I'its ]pt b.hedl :as expel dil ioUsll ly ats '1 'alIlnnon hill. ll''cels done tip milh :is mt uh tc'e as I tithat lieslto\itl oi heir hutlSb:lnd by a loivinig wife." 