IP LOVE THAT NEVER DIES. CHAPTER VL ;\ This house, Jif one may dignify it ? by such a title, was situated on the .edge of the lake facing the planta ? tion and about five minutes' walk ..from the front entrance to the Court. An old woman irom me neighboring hamlet undertook the cooking and cleaning; but more ; often than not Alan Clyst both dined and spent the evening up at the Court at the invitation of the baronet, who had evidently found but by experience that two is com pany but three is none, and who probably thought that he would ?'have more chance at a tete-a-tete 'with Juana if his wife were occu ipied in conversation with her i cousin, whom he honestly believed (as she had believed herself until now) she regarded in the light of .'a brother— by which manoeuvre ho unconsciously, and much to Juana's amusement, played into her hands. A dull November day was draw , ing to a close. Throughout the )? early part of it snow had fallen, but it ceased towards noon, when ? the wind rose, whistling round the house and shaking the snow from ' the bare branches of the trees and the leaves of the ivy on to which it had fallen. So low and tiark were the cl6uds, they seemed to . touch the earth. A more cheerless, ', depressing day could hardly be imagined, a day to make the most .lively feel miserable. ? very miserable and melancholy ;'did Rosa Dorian feel as she lay .?roroucbul up in a corner of a sofa in the smaller drawing-room gazing /into the glowing red embers of a great log fire. Its warm, vivid .light fell full on her sweet, pale face, :thst looked very pathetic in its sad ness. '-:' Pale and languid, like a droop ing lily, or, rather, like a living shadow— the ghost of her former self — she moved about the house, pensile and silent, growing whiter and weaker from day to day. If ,her husband failed to notice the .change in her, there were others iwho were not so blind. Two pairs of anxious eyes watch* . ed her continually— anxious from ?widely different causes. One pair belonged to Juana Sandrozt alias Esther Gray, who began to think that perhaps death was about to step in and snatch her victim away out of reach of her perfidious plans of revenge. 'So much the better/' thought Juana, 'if it is so. I shall attain jny end without having to sacrifice an innocent person, and I Bhall only have to step into her shoes.' Tne otner pair or watcniul eyes yrere those of Alan Clyst— eyes that grew, dim with pity and despair as he looked at tho pale, sad face, grown so thin of late that the eyes, with the dark rings of shadow round them, appeared unnaturally large and shono with a feverish ? lustre he did not like to see. 'She can't last out much longer at this rate.' said the young man to himself, clenching his fist at the : thought of his own helplessness ; 'the poor little thing is dying for want of love, as a flower will die . for want of light. And her selfish brute of a husbandi who married her for her money and to be master of Dorian Court, will not even take +.hp. t.rrmhlfi tn lift tinrl fh lir»r' in return. And the fellow prides him self on being a gentleman— one of the upper ten. If I thought they were all like him I should go down on my knees night and morning and thank heaven I am what he calls me behind my back— a cad.' 'With pity on one side and a craving for sympathy on the other, ' .?was juana's reflection, who, being a cool looker on, saw most of the game, ' and the result is a foregone conclusion — a matter o! time. Each .will act aa magnet on tha other, and .love and opportunity will do the 'rest.' ? - ? We are all apt in judging others, perhaps, to do so by ourselves, ex pecting them to act as we should werft-we placed in^the same posi tion. _ ? That feeling lonely- and neglected and longing for sympathy 'and af fection, Rose Dorian should yet shrink back in horror from sin as from pollution and prefer death to dishonor was a revelation that awaited Juana Sandroz — a new les son in human nature that was de stined Ito make more impression upon. her mind than could have been produced by tho most eloquent sermon ever preached. 'How unhappy I am!' murmured Lady Dorian, as she lay in the fire light alone— Miss Grey was in her room writing letters, and Sir Paul had gone to London, and was. not expected home till tho morrow, 'i wonder if there ever was any woman quite so unhappy as I. And the cruel part of it is that other women envy me my wealth, my jewels, my splendid home, and most of all, perhaps, my handsome and fasinat ing husband. If they only knew the truth, there is not one of them worthy of the name oi woman who would exchange her lot with mine. 'Oh, why, why did father set his heart on seeing me the mistresa of Dorian Court! I know ha wanted me to be happy, and rich, and grand. Poor father ! ii he knew how miserablo I am! But he shall never know— it would break his heart! I wish he had not made such a fortune, because if ho had remained poor and humble as he began, he would have been con tent to let mo marry Alan, who loved me for my own sake ; and we should have been so happy to gether! Oh, Alan, Alan!' she murmured, covering her face with her hands and sobbing softly in the depth oi her despair. 'Rose!1' At the sound oi her own name, pronounced in a tone of passionate tenderness, she sprang to. her feet, her eyes still blinded by her tears. In the twilight, pale and sorrow ful aa herself, stood he whose name, unconscious of his presence, she had so piteously invoked. For several minutes they stood looking at each other. 'Forgive me, Rose,' he said at last, in a husky, hesitating voice. 'I ought to have gone out of the room again without letting you know I had come in; but when I saw you crying so, and heard you utter my name — oh, Rose, dear Rose!— it was too much for me. 1 forgot everything— everything but tne love tnat will not be stinea — the love that grows stronger and deeper day by day. I think dear nay, I am. sure— that if I saw you were happy, or kindly treated, I should have had the courage, for your sake, to keep silence,' he added in a whisper, coming nearer to her and taking both her hands in his; 'but' seeing you, so sweet, and fair, and lovable, neglected and despised by a selfish brute ? ' 'Hush, Alan! Remember he is my. husband.' 'I remember it only too well, my poor Rose! Would to heaven I cooild forget it ! but there are times when the truth, like murder, 'will out.' This marriage of yours, into which you, an innocent, inexperi enced girl, were almost forced, has spoilt both our lives. Had your future been confided to my keeping, Rose— had you been ray wife in stead of his— no tears should ever have dimmed the brightness of those dear, eyes of yours, for I should have loved you as I love you now, my darling — as I shall love you till I die!' With these words he, drew her into his arms and would have kissed her, forgetful of all else in the sud den rush of passion, so long and so bravely suppressed, that now over whelmed him; but she, his good angel, recalled him to himself— that better nobler self, to which the highest, truest love never appeals in vain. (To be continued.) 