I FUND FOR PUBLISHING SERMONS. | Donations towards the publication of Sermons will be gratefully received by Mrs. Fagg, Mrs. Nicholas, New Town, or Miss Nutt, in. Fitzroy pink. WOULD YOU LIKE TO BE SAVED?" From Grace and Truth, by Rev. Dr. Mackay, of Hull. PART If. "Now, will you not be saved 1" "How can I!" " Simply look." "But I have often tried to look, and I have often tried to bring before my mind a picture of Jesus hanging on the cross for me," " Now, that is not the way at all ; a vision of Christ on the cross, of a dream, or a thought, is not what God gives. Suppose I was laid on my death-bed to-night, and, as I lay, the devil came to me, and told me that I was not saved; suppose I said to him Some time ago I had a vision of Christ hanging on the cross for me "Ah I" he would say, that was a delu- sion I brought before your eyes to deceive you." "Well, but I dreamt one night that Christ came close to me, and said, 'Thou art mine.' " It was all a delusion." " I had thought one day ; it just flashed across me all at once, that I was saved." "Only . delusion." And I could not answer the accusing deceiver. But I will tell you what will put him to flight, I take my Bible and I say, " God says that He gave me Christ." "How do you know that Christ is for you?" " Because God says that be so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son." " But do you think that so great a sinner as you can be saved by simply accepting Christ as God's gift!" " Yes for God says, ' He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life.' And the devil could say nothing, for it is written, ' They overcame him by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of their testimony.' You see I would never dare to bring before him what I felt or what ideas had crossed my mind, but simply and solely what God says. This is looking to-this is seeing Christ in the word of God." " Will you not be washed in His blood, and be made for ever clean ?" "But how can I What do you mean by His blood? I have often heard about it, and have often tried, while lying on my bed, to bring before my eyes the light of His blood flowing from His wounded hands and feet, | and from His pierced side." " Now that is another mistake ; blood is a figure for life taken. Seeing the blood means believing God about the death of His Son, instead of your death. Being satisfied with Christ's death in the room of yours, this is being washed in the blood. You see no real blood, nor vision, nor picture of blood ; but to that blessed Book of God you read, ' He was wounded for our (faith says my) trans- gressions. He was bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon Him, and with His stripes we are healed. lia. lines. This is seeing the blood.'" " Will you not come to Christ ? " " But how can I ? I have read in the Bible that He said Come unto Me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest,' and I have often wished I had been on earth when He was here wished I had seen' him pass my door and I would have watched Him, and have run to him and touched his garment. But he is in Heaven and how can I come to Him ?" " Now God has most beautifully explained this for we have not to go up to heaven (Bora. x. 6) to bring Him down, nor to go to the grave to bring him up ; hut He is risen and gone to heaven, and He has left His Word in which alone He can now be found. This word maybe in your hands and in your memory, that Word which the Holy Ghost has written, and is now urging you to believe that God so loved you as to give His Son for you. He is asking you in that Word to accept His gift. This is coming to Christ. Now that He is in heaven, His Spirit and His Word His Word from His lips, and His Spirit in through, and with the Word, are all that are left and will these not satisfy ? Have you never thought that if you saw your name written in the heavens, or on the seashore, and you knew that it had been traced by God's fingers, you would then believe that you were saved ; but do you think God will make another and special revelation for you ? No, no you must just take salvation as all the rest of us poor sinners have taken it, by believing the one Book." -> BUt have I not to wait God's time V " God has only one time-that is to-day. I read of to-morrow in the Bible. Pharaoh wished the frogs taken from him, but-to- morrow. To-morrow is van's time.. Now, to-day, is God's, If you came to a stream, would you sit down and say, I will wait till it flows past, and when it is dry, then I will cross? Men are not such fools. God is waiting for you. He is calling you. He is beseeching you and this is His one request. Take my Son whom I have given. He cries to every accountable and rational soul in the world, Will you have him ?" " Oh, if I could feel a something in me telling me that Christ was mine, I would believe it." "Quite wrong again. It is believing something outside you, trusting Him at God's right hand, and resting on His pure, eternal Word." " But must I not repent ?" " Most certainly ; but this beautiful, comprehensive, and scriptural word has been so abused that it is almost dangerous to use it to an anxious soul. Most unsaved people think that by repentance is meant bringing to God a certain amount of sorrow for sin, quite undefined as to quantity or quality, for which God will justify them. This is the worst phase of local dam. The word ' repentance' covers much. Its first step is when the sinner obtains " A true sense of his sin." That is to say, he accepts God's estimate of his son rather than his own estimate. He takes the lost sinner's place, accepts the character that God has given him. The next step is " The apprehension of the mercy of God in Christ." He accepts the provision that God has made, and now, being a saved man, he is a godly man, and thus can have godly sorrow. All the sorrow that a roan has before be apprehends the mercy of God in Christ is mere sorrow at the prospect of being punished for sin. Godly sorrow is on account of the sinfulness of Bin. Therefore, after a man ap- prehend the mercy of God in Christ, he then 1 cloth with grief and hatred of his sin turn from it unto God, with full purpose of and endeavour after new obedience.' Such is scriptural repentance, which has been so distorted by reasoning man." You will not throw this aside, will you, and say, I like it. or I do not like it? The poor sinner, saved by the grace of God, who writes to you, cannot save you, nor can any man. Tell God what you are to do : tell God that He loves you ; tell God that you trust Him ; tell God that you believe him tell God that he has given you His Son ; tell God that you believe that also: tell God that He laid all your sins upon Christ ; tell God that you believe they were on him, and therefore are not on you ; tell God you have gone astray, but that you believe Him that your iniquity was laid on Christ. Thank God for a finished salvation in Christ Tell Him how well pleased He is with the Lord Jesus instead of you ; tell Him that you are A poor sinner and nothing at all, But Christ the Lord is your all in all. May God himself show you, for His game's sake, His simple Gospel of Christ for you. A beloved brother said, when coming out of the darkness of self. "It is the simplicity that stumbles roe. It is too good news to be true." Yes, if man were in it but it is not too good when we consider with what a God we have to do. You see God can overlook nothing. He can forgive anything. He can by no means clear the guilty. Be can take us out of the guilty Adam-standing, and put it into a new, a resurrection Christ-standing. He can save to the uttermost the blackest, vilest sinner that accepts (simply accepts) His gift, Christ. Will you not receive Him ? You may be in poverty, in nakedness, in misery, but God presents you with His Son. He might have created a world for everyone of us ; but that would have been nothing compared with what He has given-the Lord Jesus Christ. ' You may have great difficulty her to make ends meet, but having Christ it will be all the help you will ever be in. You may have every comfort, and be altogether moral and good as far as man can judge, upright and religious, but without Christ this will be all the heaven you will ever have. Religiousness, goodness, kindness, beneficence, uprightness, amiability, will not save you. Acceptance of God's gift alone will do so. New, what's it to be, ere we part, perhaps never to converse again for ever God's simple gospel for the meanest, poorest, weakest capacity, so that even a fool may embrace it or man's ways, follies, pleasures, religion, world ? Christ is offered to all. Some will accept Him, and BORO will rodeo You make God a liar if you refuse Him. You make yourself a liar, and God true, if you accept Him. Some may know all about Christ the gift of God presented to them, and yet not know Himself. '"Tis eternal life to know Him." By not receiving Him they trample under foot the blood of the life giving Prince. Others receive Him and thank God for him and are saved." May the blessed Spirit, the witnesses of Christ, open the eyes of every reader to see Him, incline every fellow sinner to believe God, and accept His gift " * Call your heart a liar and believe the record of the only living and true God. ? 