, COMPLETE STORY. V. j-pjBlISJIED. BY- SPECIAL ABBANaEMEXT.] ETHEL TURNER. [COrYHlOHT.] OttAJuy m her n«all white bed with wakeful eyes staring, at a ladder of white wlfey beams tbo summer 111 don light had worked upon the ceiling. A few feet away was auotber 7 white bed and another^small girl occupant, who. however, saw only dream moonbeam?, as befitted tbo tender age of eight, TV"m lovely iloep two"- chbbbv cteS taJ» otytW.a1!;U]1reC-J.mm,c end Ja?-doii at tl.o"®a of the voom Hd into doom. And flaniraUMidbnc, {he China matting <rt»sSs?Psj*» •["'•"" VS-lir tread of bare Scot, ireat the soft? res>>MJ'™ went tho low ' And on t «mmcd to have no bcgm !l EOasVi " limg aoancser ,. U)3cnCG rttDnras ' ,B the words Snostt^nS,, arS Ihemclody \- JS?™ S'S KtUe'wniHng adcompaui IT ifbut'tho persistence of the gentle V tread, tread of feet. oogmS'.."' f' t;ii0n!v a sleepy sob or lung made ^ sound id the room. ^S^idMeta used often to wake and lie ltd nliffclo Hmc in the wavm oarkucss open-eyed ft nttto.^e «* comforted at c5thomglttfand W g » ^ Mt flVSretov« ttoe wbeVe there was just moving f«V"" shadows.. And Jtraune. uoilSinette, but he had a V|r lit^8 wmpto souV for ^oSn^ofteufo : aggteegm not the lightest idea. -. Oalr Dora earned at it. -^V ; She hfd ^nSou^l«,buV^ SSmSS # thTWy" her When they came to tire house tue retted and played with the other cn.ldren and '' avoided her as much as they 'Ouia. innU , few remarks to her. S^f^^ Ue Tir girl noticed it, anAused «o make Uereel miserably unhappy about it, . .".Does Mrs. Mayhon only like boy-, . nrama'r" she asked wben her : observed once tho rebuffs sbe had met wren at this rititor'rt hauds. -."Ob, wo," the mother said Mgimidcctiy, "she is far fonder of ^Ws- sh° S$L3 would give tlie world if Meta weigher \erj °WDora looked over to little sunuy- faeed Why doesn't she see like mof" sbe said "mTbratbemothcr was confronted lie problem" that was beginning to worry ler'HoV' do you know she doesult, my daughter she said. \- Dora flung hack her brown, straight hair JUUrO liUU^ nuta *»v» -■ i ker.heculiarly.expressiyo iray. ." Oh, f know," f bo said. . Ho mother looked anxiously at the sharp tl"P«baps you didn't mako yourself as agreeable to licr as ileta did, she saiu. _ "Mcta didn't do anything. , JOma contended, "anything at idl ; $ko -J? Ann ha 'msec and showed her that old . doll of her?, and kept bothering her to, tic its bonnet and look at iti pocket' • '•'And what did Dora dor" said tho mother. '« Think carefully, .dear,,.and>11 "'^^X^tohriugitallboek. Sbe had the merit of exceeding couscieutipus ntsp. • . "'T asked her to spell .-embarrassment,' uud * she woulun t, ■ - T said;" and I told her a lot of *funuy thin*, i a • • 1 T —r>~ Jllkll HDQ tuQW t saw; •• ana x wmw <* *w « ; nscd to say when I was young, and abo did laugh a bit : and X told her fimt story father told, yon yesterday about "Sir.-Bavtou iroingr about like a ravening lion trying to had a . wealthy widow to devour.'1 •,. Mother groaned.. 3Irs. Mnynoa hcr*eU was a wealthy widow, and hud shown . of willingness to bo devoured by. tu . particular Hon. " ' "Anything.elseshe unswercd. Dora wrinkled her brow again. . , . "IdidtellhcrI thought alio wns just a Vittic hit too old . lo wear pink roses m her bonnet," she answered. " roikups alio diem t like that, mamma. Still sho.is too old-» k , cften hearflinther say so, and someone ougu , totcUher^ . . .. That was it—the keyuote to her fiuiing. \- Dora burned to rcforni tho. worldi- iind was I'snrprhed when it objected and showed-a preference for going ou iu its old bad way. Of course her mother talked to.her.at length, and tried to show her tho error of her ways ; and, of course, Dora saw tho error, uud.wus deeply sorry, and promised amend ment. But'equally, of course, she forgot everything about it, and was..as entirely objectionable to tho very next visitor. Her father and mother seemed, to spend half their time in snubbing her, hut, oa the former used to say, hopeless in his tone, she was absolutely " unsuubbable." ' Up ,sher used tb bounce, like a cork, after a minute's depression; all they could do was to trust that with tho .wisdom of coming years she nrighfc grow out of it. At prcseut she was engrossed with tho Herculean task of trying to teach her mother the proper management of infants. A spinster sister other father's had left a book on this art at tho house, and begged that it should bo read and followed. But mother only smiled and put it away; sho seemed to fancy that having managed to get six of thera healthy and straight-limbed thus , far on' the road of Vifo sho could continue to do. so. without book wisdom. ' " But Dora found the volume and studied it assiduously. "Never take a child up from his cradle," it I said, *;*ahd wuik hitn about. It is a mostl foolish and iujurious system. It will do him no harm to cry, and ho will very soon. learn it is no use, and that he may as well go to sleep. A child is never too young to be taught.this." '' ; Looking up'at the raoonbcam-laddcr Dora repeated this-to herself, and then sighed despairingly. "What was the use of all that' book of wisdom, while iu the next room that slow tread of bare feet sounded, and the sootliing song begin at the first wail of broken sleep. '. .. ' Her father was away'from home at present for a fortnight; Dora resolved she would urge lnm on his return to induce her mother to read - tho book, sinco her own entreaties were x "Shades of darkness close hot o'er us,; Leave our loaely bark awhile,. "While wo still behold before us Yonder dim and distant isle." On, ou went the soft singing, on, on. The bare, patient feet—Dora could bear it no longer at last; she slipped oat of bed'ahd stole into her mother's room. . "Let him cry," she said. "Ob, why ever don't you let hira, mother? The book says the very yduugest child may be taught to go to sleep by itself,. and thus save the young mother a world of trouble." Mother found a touch of humour in the situation, even though it was almost miduight and sho was overpowered with sleep. Such a quaint elf the child looked, with her long hair plaited in two tight pigtails, her short night gown,' bare feet, and gravely disapproving eyes. "But I'm not a young mother," mamma said, pattiug soothingly at baby's restless shoulder..', , . ""Won't yon try'to-night ? Ob, please," said Dora, passing over tne frivolous remark; I'put him down in the eradlo by Tiny and just let hira cry." f " But Tiny is asleep: I don't waut her to wake, too," mother said,'* smiliug. ; ' " Tiny could learn,; too, at the samc time," j tho grave little teacher said."You have no j idea hoxy much easier' it will be for you, ■ mamma. Just put tbcm down and let them cry till they tiro of it." :' "I didn't treat you that way,".mamma said, still amused, "nor Metn, nor' Jimmie,; nor-Jack. "Why should I begin to be a! Spartan with these two wee ones?" „ "Oh!" said Dora, flinging her pigtails hack impatiently, " surely, mamma, it's; better to turn.over a new leaf than to keep ou j jlo'mg wrong just because you've'started that1 way." Mamma looked at the yoiftg wiseacre help lessly, and baby seemed to scent' the treason. He doubled himself up aud stretched himself but half a dozen times, like a self-acting con certina, weeping shrilly the while. "There! said mother annoyedlyi "that is with you tulking, Dora; and ho* was just dropping off." -- Dora sat down on a chair and looked argu mentative. "The book says, too," she said, "that an infant should be accustomed to, bed while there is a noise. 'Never keep .the house still or say 16-sh!' to all noises; he will sleep just as readily through music and talking if only ho is once got into good habits.'' Tiny evidently hnd not got into any such praiseworthy tilings, format this point she, too, woke, and finding her twin being carried about, began to weep jealously. "Now's the iimo to try," Dora said eagerly. " Pop him in tho cradle, mamma, and don't let'xis take'any notice of cither of them."/ .. " . . . But mother lifted Tiny,. too, out of the cradle and carried them both up aud down as if thoy had been no. weight. *Wheu at last they consented to shut their pretty -lips and blink quietly at the night light, slfo turued to Dora, who was looking ou despairingly. "Go hack to bod Immediately," she said, 4 and go to sleep! What a* tiresome little prl you do grow,'Dora." By morning, however, the cork was freshly buoyed again. She lifted the thermometer down from its nail on tho verandu, aud took it iolo tho nursery, whero tho silver tliread stayed motionless at OS degrees, lower by several degrees than other rooms iu the house. " Oh," sho cried, rushing to her mother in a great state of excitement, " ^omethiDg will havo to bo done, mamma, and that very quickly. Tho book says attention is all necessary to tho duo regulation of tho lemporature-of the nursery. During tkefirst few weeks'of an infant's life it should bo kr-jL at hot ween 65 aud 70 degrees; our nursery 9S degrees." Mother was bathing Tiny, while the mm maid held the other twin in readiness for his dip. The perspiration was rolling off her 44 My dear Dondie," she said, 44 that's an English book. I should prefer myself if our nursery were between 65 and 70." Dora suggested cold water pipes being laid along the walls. , 41 Or how would it be to bare blocks of ice put -there? That would soon bring the temperature down." - : Mother lifted Tiny out into tbo big towel. " It you'll earn the necessary money I'll have it done," she said, and even Tiny snowed her pretty little gams, as if in luughtcr.at the idea.- ~ Dora watched the toilets discontentedly. "The twins would be far healthier if they wore clothes made of all-wool flannel," she said. 44 The book says it is fur more hy— hygienic, and besides that, the young mother will ho far better enjoying freedom in the open "air than sitting stitching at elaborate tucks and gathers within doors." - But mother looked complacently at tbo dainty little garments in which she had always clothed her babies. \- 41 Thank goodness I am not a young mother," she said, popping a fascinating little frock over Tiny's head. Dora went away sighing. In the nursery Jimruie and Jack were eat ing bread and butter, on which some good natured servant had thickly spread sugar. Dora made a quick dive at them. 44 Haven't you been told you are not to eat between meals, you bad little boys?" she said, snatching the slices and flinging them out of the open window before thoy realised what had happened. The bad little boys rose up to fight her. Jimmie thumped her hard on the back. Jack shut his eyes, doubled his fists, and ducked his head to attack .her. But she was morel than twice their united ages, and a wiry little | thing. She shook them by the shonlders as1 she had once seen a child in the street shakeo. Their poor little heads were agitated until they saw stars, and double doors and windows where there had only been one. Then she sat them down on the floor and went away to look for fresh worlds to conquer. 44The only way in the world to treat; children!" she said, commending herself hugely. 44 Show thera you won't be trifled with. ' ^ow if they had* begged hard, mother would have let them eat that stuff. But after my lesson I don't think they will be in a hurry to eat between meals again." The vanquished babies Sat ou the spot whereon they had been so roughly deposited. They vied with each other who could weep the longest and loudest. Sometimes Jackie flohg himself fiat oh his back and added heel music, to Ida wrathful outcry. Sometimes when Jimmie found his voice dying down to a mcro sob, he inflated his longs afresh, and yelled with new vigour. Then iuto the dull room like a burst of lovely sunshine caino Meta. Ob, the sweet raotherliness of the little-face, the happy, siniling eyes, the tender mouth! In her hand she carried the maltreated bread and butter,, from which she had brushed much of the garden soil that had clung to it. 44 JiramioVisu't very bad." sho said beam ingly, and sat'down on the -floor between them.. 44 It fell on the grass with the sugar side up; but yours fell on Dora's garden, Jackie, and is a bit bad." Jackie looked at it anxiously, then at Jimmie's slice, which showed wonderfully clean, and had lost very little of its sugar. 44Zat uzzer is mine." he said, the first temptation to a lie coining suddenly in his way.' - 41 Oh, no, Jackie, dear," Meta said, 44 you kuoW it isn't. Jimmie always .hikes little bites nil round his to make it look pretty, arid you always eat tkc~ corners off first; Look, all the corners have gone off the dirt^ piece." "Zafcuzwr is.raiuc," Jackie maintained and struggled for the possession of it. But Jimmie, for once, neglected .the artistic effect of his slice, and went hurriedly to insert his teeth in it anywhere. Mefca held his chubby hand a minute.. * ■' 44 Poor little Jackie !".shc said. - 44 All his is dirty." Jinimic looked unwillingly on his younger brother. •— 411 never frowed it out," hesaid. "Doadie did: I dau't help it dettin' dirty." "Znt uzzeris mine," repeated Jackie, with a forlorn sob. " Jimiuie grew excited. 4 4 You was zust bitin' ze latest torner off when Doaaio toracd, wasn't he, mithie?" he cried. 44 Oh, yes," said 3Ieta. 44Don't tell stories, Jackie, or mummie will cry." Jiickio's lip trembled, his hand still stretched out for tho sugared piece. "Div's vours, Zimmie," lie said. Jiinmic licked a very lovely bit of sugar off and looke^ kindly at his less fortunate brcther. Ira he stretched the slice invit jrigly out. " You tan havo a bito." ho said. • Meta was still busy with Jackie's slice, rhere was a good deal of earth still on it, though she picked the bits off perreveringlr. "Tate aimw," said Jimraie, feeling1 a| pleasurable glow of generosity at the quick I brightening of his brother's doleful face. "I'll teil you," said 3Ieta, with a sudden joyful thought, " let's halve the dirty piece— it isn't very- bad—and halve the clean, and 'tend the dirty piece is meat and the clean is pudding.". . ~ "Oh, let's," said the little boyg. And they had a merry feast/after all, and the brown earth hurt the digestion of.nrither of them. In the afternoon came a lady visitor to the house, and as the mother was out she made her way to the nursery for an hour. Dora, as usual, took the ones of entertainment upon herself.* She ordered, afternoon tea and begged the lady to come down to the drawing room to drink it. " But perhaps your mother does not like all the littlo ones in her drawing- room," the lady said. Dora laughed. " I should think not," she said. " Jimmie and Jack smash everything they touch, and even 'Aleta broke her little sugar basin last week, and mother had had it fourteen years. We will leave them all here, of course?" But the visitor did not seem as overjoyed as she might have done at the prospect of a tete-a-tete with Dora, and the painful colour that had rushed to Meta's sensitive little face at the recollection of the unhappy breakage made her wish to stay and comfort her. "I would rather have the tea here, Dora," she said, and caressed the buncli of curls Ifeta had pinned on the top of her head while she played she was a lion pursuing Jack. " Oh, very well," Dora answered, with a little grown up laugh; "but on your own head be it. Thero never were noisier little monkeys of children than ours." ^ The tea came and was distributed, Dora sitting upright on a chair and holding it in her hand in grown up style. Sleta petitioned for a little in her doll's cup, and drank it sitting on the floor with a chair for table. Aud Jimraie and Jack came coaxiugly round and pleaded for " zust one bikkey and one ickle drop of tea," and were given two each, and fed with great merriment with teaspoons ful of very sweet tea, despite Dora's perpetual reminders to them that they were worrying/' Dora then recited "The Battle of Hohen linden" and "The Wreck of the Hesperus," without a fake word. After that she said troy and avoirdupois measure, conjugated the verb " parlor," and gave the Latin numerals up to twenty. Tho visitor would have departed hurriedly on?r that her train was not duo for nearly an hour. #:"I should like to hear what Meta can do now," she said at last, wearily. STeta only blushed and began to undress her doll very quickly. "Oh, llfcta!" said Dora, with a laugh of good-natured scorn, "she's a drCadful little dtrnco yet, but I daresay she'U grow out of it when die's older. Can you believe it ? She's turned eight, arid the other day when she wrote to Aunt Jessie, she wanted to say 1 you would be surprised to see how fat Tiny's legs are getting, and how tall Jimmie is,' ana what do yon think she did ? Spelt1 sur prised ' 4,surprised' and 4 getting * with one t, end 4 Jimmie' with one m, aud instead of * would' she put 4 wud' and small i's all through tho letter instead of capitals 1" But the lady only kissed Meta affection ately and said she was quite sure Aunt Jessie understood • it, aud loved the little letter better than if there had been no fault. At I which speech Dora stared at her incredu lously. j "Sho doesn't even know her ordinary' j tables," .sho said. " Uncle Albert is always : asking her/eight sevens'and 4nine eight*,' | and she never remembers." I "I did say fifty-six last time, Doadie,1' j said lleta iu a low tone, her cheeks pink. | "Yes," answered Dora; "but yog said 1 sixty-three,' too," for nine eights.*" " Ob," said tho lady, who was young ana merry. " bother lessens. I think nine eight* aud eight sevens are the most disagreeable things in tho world, hfcta. Don't you worry about them, pet. They'll come right when you're older. Don't let Us talk abont tables i and lessons when it isn't time for them." " She's a dreadful little goose about other things, too," Dora said, smiling at the same time in quite a kindly way ou her sister, for whom she had the warmest affection. "What do you think file's eight—eight and a quarter—and she's as afraid of the dark as can be. She, wouldn't go upstairs after tea if thero was no ono there, for anything you could give her; and it's only the last month or two mother has got her into tho way of going to sleep without a light. She thinks ghosts and bogies and hobgoblins como out and wander about as soon as ever it gets dark." But 3Teta, who had gone redder and redder as this fault of hers was exposed, burst into tears at last, and hid her face on tho visitor's' knee; sho was most painfully ashamed of tins weakness, and Dora was constantly tensing her about it. The lady couTd contain herself no longer. She drew the sobbing child on to her kneo and soothed her lovingly. But on. Dora she bent a wrathful look. % You are a cruel, bad little girl, Dora," she said. "Yon may he clever, but I would a thousand times rather have Meta; no one could love a girl like you, Doro." .. Then it was Dora's turn to go away and hide herself in a quiet room and cry. ,TVhat could it he that made visitors so unkind to her? What was the fault in her that caused Meta to be always preferred ? She went over the speeches carefully, but it was a very long time before it dawned on her that she had been thoughtless in saying these things about Meta. She is a silly little goose about the dark," she contended to herself. "I only said just what was true. But perhaps it wasn't kind to eay it before strangers; itrs all right, of course, to tease her when we're alone, "because it's my dnty to get her out of her silly ways. But, yes, it was unkind to say it before that lady. And poor little Meta cried! Ob, how homdofme!" She hastened downstairs with all despatch. The visitor had gone, and Meta, quite nappy and forgetful again, was a whale swimming the nursery floor, while Jimmle and Jack ire terrified little fishes she was trying to catch and swallow. Ob," cried Dora, darting upon her and flinging loving arms round her neck. 141 was a horrid thing, darling little Meta, do forgive me." The whale had to sit up "and think bard before it knew what it had to forgive, and in the interval the Jack-fish, grown bolder, tweaked its hair, and the Jimmie-llsh swam right under its nose. 44 Oh," said the little girl, with her sudden, sunshiny smile, 41 it's all right, Doadic dear, I don't care." ^ But Dora never repented in half-measures. " Here's my pink" chocolate box for yon," she said, "and my shell necklace, and where's your Arabella. Meta? I'm going to crochet her a new bonnet." It was a week later, however, and at night, that the great shock came to her hitherto impregnable fortress of self-esteem, and made it begin to totter sufficiently for humanity to gain foothold. They were all in bed 03 usual, and it was eleven o'clock. The twins were in their crib the inner room, Jimmie and Jack were ' sound asleep, and Meta and Dora were also duly tucked beneath the clothes of their respective beds and faraway in dreamland. Downstairs in the distant drawing-room •» there was a whist party, and mother, dressed in a pretty black grenadine dress with a pink chiffon ruffle round her neck, looked bright and gay enough to* deserve the terra "young mother " that she had refused before. Fanny, the nursemaid, had ruu up two or three times during the evening to seelhow the twins fared, but it was eleven o'clock now, and she was busily engaged helping the housemaid with the supper. And something made Meta wake—made the white eyelids lift themselves off the young eyes to show them what was going on in tho adjoining shadowy room. Tho balcony doors were open for the cool night air to blow in, aud Me ta's eyes saw, before they fairly realised this was no dream, a man's black figure climbing over the balcony railing just where a supporting pillar twined round with honeysuckle communicated with the ground beneath. She saw him como stealthily in through the doors, a black felt hat pulled half over his face, aud watched him in absolute fascination step lightly to the dress ing table aud softly open tho drawers whero mother's brooches aud rings iind bracelets and watch reposed. The next miuutc, her eyes still fixed on his broad, big back^ she slipped out ,of bed and noiselessly into the next one. And Dora's eyes filled with terror were staring there, too, and Dora's trembling was shaking the bed. Don't scream," she said to Meta iu the tiniest whisper. Meta nodded faintly. In the memories of both of them was a dreadful case they had beard the servants discussing, where a burglar, interrupted in his work, had turned round and tried to kill everyone around, women and children as well as men. We must He quite still," said Dora's almost inarticulate whisper. "If we.don't hell kill us." The twins!" gasped Meta below hei breath. " If they should wake and cry he'll kill them." Dora shuddered violently. - 4' Perhaps they won't wake," she said. Meta clung to her, her heart beating wildly* "Perhaps they will," she said. Dora hid her head beneath the clothes. 44 Oh, hush^ she said. But Mcta's starting eyes were fixed on tho room bevond, whero she could no longer see the man's figure, for he had put out the night, light and was using only a little lantern on his wrist. •. *1~ \ 44 Oh'!" she said again in a piteoufl whisper, perhaps they will, Dora." 44 H'fcli !" said Dora again, and pressed the clothes still tighter round her head. , « .. But JXeta's imagination saw the - mart stooping over the cot, saw the faint, fair .smiles, of the titiy ones, then a knife blood red. . . .jr . 41 "We must get father," she said." *: But again Dora said "H'sb," and tried to still her breath'lest it should, be , heard. She was absolute!?,incapable of moving, and lay in her hot. sBfiiiig position almost para lysed with terror. But little ITeta slipped out of the .bed and forced her trembling limbs to carry her to the door that communicated with the two rooms. In their own room there was no other door, and the only way of reaching downstairs .was through the room where the twins lay. For one hot, terrible, moment the child crouched, hidden in the flowing mosquito nets of Jimmie's and Jack's cot that stood close to the door. Dora, finding herself alone iu'bed, and with : the new fear for her little sister's safetv be fore her. uncovered her eyes to look, and by a faint moonbeam 'saw for one instant just beside their own docrway the little night gowned figure, with its streaming curls. The door to the passage lay at the far end of the room.. On rise right side stood the big bed and the little cot with its sleeping babies. On the left side stood the dressing-table and the set of drawers that the "man was now rifling. And JTeta's heart failed her. To get help she must pass actually within two or three feet of him. Perhaps*Dora was right—per haps the babies would net wake, and he would go away, content with the jewellery. Bur the neat moment Tinr stirred the least little bit, and sighed in her baby dreams. The man tnnied his head sharply at the sound, and for a second seemed disposed to make an escape through the balcony coor. But' then he lifted his lantern higher and turned it on the cot/ and found unbroken sleep there again to reassure him. So he went back to the drawers' again. And Meta was nerved now.. Tiny had stirred restlessly once. Any moment now she might wake and cty, and be killed by; the terrible knife she doubted not the man held in readiness hi his hand. Like a little road thing she flew ihrongb the room and out of the door. Dora heard her bare, pattering feet on the landing oilcloth, and then on the stairs. So light were the. little feet on the beditfom carpet, the man had not heard them till they were past'htm: then, though he tooka couple of steps after her, the flying nightgown was too «wift for him. Dow heard a terrible oath, then she saw him spring across tbc room; through the balcony doors, una .clamber over the rails. The next minute there were shouts and rounds of men running: lights were flashing everywhere, wild confurion^relgned, and the twins arid Jiramie and • Jack, whkiug simul ^tancously, began to enr, each in a different ' Downstairs ifeta was lying senseless on the oofa, with two ladies lookingafier her.** The* whist party will never forget that* poor little wfid-eyed figure, bursting. in*on-tbeir last rubber, sobbing,'./ "The t-twins!" and "B-burglar!" In'a choking voice, and faint ing in a heap at their feet.** The men rushed upstairs then.to give chase ,* the women uhd servants ran to comfort and tvassure ail the little'ohes and to mruister to Meia. • " The man was never caught, but in the harry of his departure he baddropped' nearlv all the valuables he had collected,, so, except for the fright, an old- fasbioned ring and u brooch or two, and a bracelet, it", might be said that house owed a debt to him for his unsolicited call. "For no one could donht it was the cause of the introduction'df Dora and hnmiliry. Her reformation could nor. perhaps, be said to be as sudden and complete as" that of rioton* ' Prince" Hal, but certainly from that time •'consideration like an angel came, and whipped the offending Adam ont of her." \- For even on the occasions when she herself forgot, and grew scornful -- or -"smiled iu a superior way. when 3Xetft found eight sevens made sixty-three, or parsed 44 cat " asa verb on the ground that it "does something." her father and - mother and the servants never failed to press'the advantage. The word "burglar*' was held ready by them, like the sharp point of a needle, to pierce the ball of her self-esteem at its smallest inflation. Indeed, so.natural and unremarkable she grew in the 'course of time that she was found, not unseldom. herself-sugaring bread and butt?r for Jimmie and Juck—and that in the very frairie monotonous stretch of time known as "between meal".*' 