THE HILLS IN A BLAZE A Splendid Spectacle. Very Little Damage Done, Like volcanoes flared to heaven more than one of the peaks of the Mount Lofty range on Thursday evening, and the citizens of Adelaide were treated gratuitously to a pyrotechnic dis- play such as they seldom have the good for- tune to behold. For more than a week fires have been burning in different parts of the hills, but although a lurid glare now and again outlined the topmost curves of the nearer elevations, the real conflagration did not show itself on this side of Mount Lofty until just after sundown on Thursday. Then a crest of flame leapt through one of the gorges above the Greenhill-road and swept with magnificent splendor round the brow of the rise and down into Slape's Gully. From Athelstone to the Black Hill, and with a width almost equal to its length, the sea of fire extended, and to the uninitiated it seemed to be pouring down upon civilisation in an irresistible tide. As a matter of fact, however, it was completely under control, the central blaze having been scienti- fically ringed in by skilfully-managed counter conflagrations which rendered the out- break almost as harmless as it was spectacular. The unexpected frequently happens on such occasions as this, and because of a sudden gust of wind, or by the fall of a burning log which rolls down the slope and beyond the neutral zone, a fire which-seems to be well within disciplined limits makes a new assault upon its masters. But at midnight there was little anxiety in respect to this particular furnace, although Mr. N. Knox, whose handsome residence is situated right at the foot of Slape's Gully will doubtless feel far more comfortable when the last embers have died into cold white ashes. The portentous wall of flame which sprang into sight of awestruck residents on East-terrace just after 7 o'clock and raced down the side of the rise towards Mr. Deimel's house on the bank of the Second Creek, was indeed fighting valiantly behalf of the courageous men who for hours had been engaged in hemming in the fire that at one time threatened to be so destructive. Scores of willing and experienced workers were employed under energetic direction in guiding the apparently rebellious flames into the proper avenues, and it was truly surprising to see the obedient manner in which they yielded to man's superior wisdom. Seen from a distance the aspect of the hills which formed the heart of the fire was gorgeously beautiful, and the scores of bicyclists, who in company with many vehicles darted up the Greenhill-road towards the burning scrub, had a particularly fine view of the scene. A rosy- hued curtain, deep red at the base, sharply outlined the range, the contour of which was thrown out in strong relief. Every depression had its own illuminant, and slashed across the breast of the mountain like the gold embroidery on a hussar's jacket was the dotted chevron formed by the blazing posts of a boundary fence. Then away towards Athelstone flamed a crimson scarf of light, which stretched from the summit of the hill down the slope till it was lost in the valley beneath. The smoke in the foreground was in all tints from fleecy white through pink and red to dense black, and the nearer one came to the hills the more the reek of the burning trees asserted itself, and the less could he seen of the general scope of the display. The grand stand favored by the bulk of the spectators who travelled to within touching distance of the fire was the track leading from the Green Hill-road through the Knightsbridge water reserve, and on above Mr. Deimel's house and orchard. Here scores of persons stood or sat to watch the constantly varying spectacle, and the fire-fighters as weary and hot they came up from the valley below were eagerly inter- viewed concerning the extent and the nature of the damage done. Some excitement was caused by a report that the magazine near. Mr. Dunstan's quarry was in the path of the flame, and that an explosion was immi- nent, which would bring down Burnside with its concussion, but the rumor was soon proved to be false. Care had been taken at the outset to safeguard the quarry workings and the Stonyfell vineyards, but wheresover a crowd is gathered together these little touches of sensationalism are eagerly seized upon. The rapidly shifting panorama in front kept eyes and; tongues busy enough, for the whole expanse of the hill, ridge behind ridge, from base to apex was aglow, while ever and anon the upward rush of flame, the fierce crackling noise, and the pungent odor of charred gum leaves would tell of another row of big trees destroyed. From afar off an; irregular square of fire showed out distinctly on the hill side, the central space being peopled by countless sparks like the lamps of a big city. But from the adjacent slopes the flames seemed to be rushing for- ward to the summit, for a gully wind always blows upward, like ranks of soldiers storming a citadel; Ever and anon the ghost of a dead eucalypt with outstretched arms would dimly peer through the smoke. Then a shower of burnt leaves would fly up and a moment later the white phantom would be transformed into a living tower of fire. At 10.00 p.m. the hill immediately at the head of Slape's gully showed fire along its ridge, and the blazing coronet, within which the original fire had been adroitly surrounded, was complete. Mr. Deimel, across whose property a torrent of flame swept six years ago, took matters very philosophically. He has lost some fencing, it is true, but the fire has cleared his land of much scrub and rubbish. From whatever point the fire was viewed the spectacle was magnificent, and the corner of East and South terraces was thronged with people, whose ejaculations of pleasure and amazement concerning the grandeur of the sight were very frequent. Driving along the Green Hill-road one could not but wonder, at the immense variety presented by the scene. At times clusters of trees intervening lent en- chantment to the gorgeous picture which lay behind. When these were passed tongues of flame would start up in all directions, and the canopy of purple haze which crowned that portion of the mountain range immediately in front would be tinged into brighter radiance. Once on the spot, however, the glamor disappeared—the fire was no longer a thing to be gazed at and admired, but a veritable fiend, hissing with hideous glee and showing in its aggressive front a de- termination and force which appeared quite irresistible. Fortunately but little harm was done. The land affected, was mostly of a scrubby nature, and an army of about 300 able-bodied men were early assembled at various points of vantage, where they worked vigo- rously to prevent the flames from spreading in the direction of the gardens and orchards which stud the, district. The property of Mr. Robert Slape was for the most part covered with fire, and long lines of fences were entirely consumed, but by energetic action the flames. were prevented from entering the garden. Mr. M. A. Dunstan's garden was similarly defended, although his grazing land was in a furnace-like blaze from end to end. Near Summertown Mr. Henry Woodcock lost some huts and a quantity of firewood. The principal endeavors were put forth to save the orchard and garden of Mr. N. Knox, which lies in the valley at the foot of Slape's Hill. The usual tactics of fighting the devour- ing element with its own force was resorted to in all cases. When it was seen that a pro- perty of value was in peril fires were kindled in the path of the, advancing enemy, and all the dry grass and rubbish likely to provide sustenance for it was got out of the way. These protective zones were always kept well under control by the bands of men who gave voluntary and cheerful service to help their neighbors. From 8.30 to-9.30 p.m. the fight was severest. At 10.30 all danger was practically at an end, and numbers of begrimed men, more or less exhausted, could be seen coming away from the scene, while congratulations and ex- pressions of thankfulness were abundant. One gentleman, whose countenance bore testimony to the leviathan share of work he had undertaken, was overheard to say when asked by a bystander how he had managed to bear up under the intense heat—"Oh, the fire was there and we had to defend the gardens. Yes we went on working, and a number of young fellows kept on fetching us cold water to drink. They worked as hard as we did, and but for them we could not have remained at our task. You see, the wind was forcing the fire straight into the gully, and if it once got a fair hold there would have been an end to the gardens. We determined to stop it. We fought like Britons, and like Britons we won the victory." For some days a fire has been burning in the thick; scrub at the back of Black Hill, or " Dunstan's Hill" as it is some times called to distinguish it from the Black Hill proper, which is a few miles further north. The country is extremely rough, and is of little value, being noted chiefly because of the existence there of Mr. H. Dunstan's extensive quarries. This fire made such progress on Thurs- day that the owners of the land in the Second Creek gully, Messrs. J. Deimel and R. Slape, resolved to protect their gardens by starting a fire at the western foot of the hill. Mr. Deimel has 107 acres of land, and a valuable orangery, orchard, and vegetable garden, while Mr. Slape has almost as large an area similarly cultivated. The means adopted of checkmating the fire were in every way successful, only rough country and a division fence or two being burnt. The protecting fire was started at about 6 o'clock in the evening, and quickly ascended the hill, so quickly in fact that the men watching it had the greatest difficulty in keeping it within bounds. At times they worked in the face of the greatest difficulties. It was their intention to confine the fire to the hill, and so far as could be ascer- tained. last night this was accom- plished, and without accident to those who were battling with the flames. The side of Dunstan's Hill is very steep and difficult to ascend even in daylight, so that it will be understood what toil the brave defenders had to encounter when it is known that while climbing the slope they had to work in intense heat and blinding smoke. When one or other of them had to temporarily surrender from sheer exhaustion he was promptly provided with food and drink by energetic and thoughtful residents in the vicinity. Among the ladies thus distinguishing them- selves in the commissariat department being Mesdames Deimel, Slape, and Bruce, and the Misses Brewer, A strong easterly gully wind added greatly to the rate at which the flames travelled, and carried clouds of smoke in the direction of the Green Hill, whence hundreds of people were watching the magnificent sight. Between 8 and 9 o'clock the fires met at the top of the hill in places, and the grandeur of the scene was beyond description. At 11 o'clock, the worst of the danger was over, but the embers could not be left unwatched owing to the strong breeze which prevailed, and the risk of burning logs rolling down the hill to the gardens below. A large number of men, many of whom had been out since mid- night on Wednesday fighting a fire that had come from the direction of Uraidla, were posted as sentries surrounding the vanquished conflagration, and they remained up all night sleeplessly watching it. They were ready to pounce down on any aggressive tongue of fire directly it tried to reassert its supremacy. Columns of smoke were seen ascending from all parts of the; ranges on Thursday, thus pro- claiming the fact that there were a number of distinct fires burning in different localities. One that appeared to have gained the greatest ascendency was in the direction of Black Hill, whence dense volumes of reddish cloud covered the lower heaven during the afternoon. An- other was burning further on towards Uraidla. This started on Wednesday morning in Mr. Slape's paddock. A number of men at once turned out, and after working all night suc- ceeded in turning the flames towards Burnside. They imagined that they had completely sub- dued it, and were returning home, when they noticed smoke issuing from a property known as Giles's Reedbeds. From this point the fire travelled a mile in ten minutes, burning some fencing and doing a lot of damage to Mr. Lovibond's fruit garden. It also passed through the properties of Messrs. J. Mould, W. Trenorden, Horsnel, W. Brewer, Lawson, Keir, and H. Woodcock. A fourth fire started in Mr. Levi Emmer- ton's paddock, Fifth Creek, at the head of a gully 200 or 300 yards from any track. It was first noticed by a nephew of Mr. Emmerton, who tried to put it out, but as he was unable to do so he raised the alarm and sum- moned a number of neighbors to the spot. This fire spread to the Monta- cute- road. During its progress Mr. Emmerton lost three-quarters of a mile of fencing, Mr. Mortimer Stuckey lost several acres of feed, and Mr. A. A. Fox 300 or 400 acres of feed. The fire practically burnt itself out, although logs; are still smouldering and will continue to do so for some days. Bush fires have been burning in many parts of the district of Mount Barker, but none have been near that town. At a meeting of the South Australian Medi- cal Board held on Thursday, February 3, the following were registered as legally qualified medical practitioners in the colony :—Messrs. Allan Elliott Randell (M.B.,B.S., Melbourne, 1897, Adelaide, 1897), Oswald Clive Graeme Shields (M.B., B.S., Melbourne, 1897), Walter Blaxland (L.R.C.P., Lond., 1884, M.R.C.S., Eng.; 1883, F.R.C.S., Eng., 1886), Joseph Ernest Good (M.B.C.M, Edin., 1894), Walter Herbert Jermyn (M.B., Melbourne, 1889, B.S., Melbourne, 1890). 