A MYSTERIOUS STORY. CUAJTER I. A COTTAGE by the roadside, bathed in moonlight- still, summer moonlight, radiant and lovely. Along the white, dusty road comes a traveller, whose quick, firm tread bespeaks youth and energy. It is midnight, and all is profoundly quiet. The country silence is not dise tutbed by any noise, save that some cattle, browsing in a neighboring field, break the tranquillity of the hour, or rather, by the gentle movement, tell of peaceful life. The young traveller, abroad on a. walking tour through a picturesque part of England, pauses for a moment and gazes on the quiet beauty of the scene, when suddenly his attention is diverted to the small house by the roadside. A window, dflooded by moonlight, is opened noiselessly, and a figure as noiselessly approaches it, and looks searchingly along the dusty road. He is not attracted by this figure, save in the way of curiosity; for although it is a female figure thus sooen under the withobing moon and at this hour, yet she has nothing winning about her. No; her form is ample, her attire rustic-or rather, clumsy. She is some hard-worked housewife or servant of the poor farm. The young man turned away, yet wondered why, at that late hour, the woman should come there to watch so silently. As the thought passed through his mind the woman withdrew from the window very slowly and cautiously, and all was quiet as before. The belated traveller, Maurice Rainford, turned and went on. All at once he pulled bimself up with a start. Some distance to the left was an open space between traees-n opening fooled by moonlight. Across it, standing out distinctly in the white light, came a female figuroe-a figure large, clumsy, and rustio. She stood still for a moment on the doewy pathway; then hurried on her errand, and disappeared within the dark shadow of the bolt of trees which grew towards theo right of the open space. "Was that the woman I saw just now ?-the woman who opened the window? By Jove I I'll see what she's after I She seemed to be carry. ing something, and it's near one o'clock." He starteld off in pursiouit; but when lie dived under the' shtado of the boilt ofi treoea no sea huie xeiracre WO vioiblo. 11 Yen fofCwrti, however: Putt, .2-J ll trls L''ip c US udter the (hliige, 'i uakt into opath, following which he : oc.n to stilte, leanding to another duedy rao, boyonid which was a field +'of Yollow corn. Striking to the right, he ran on, imagining that the stout female figure must be visible had she chanced to take that route; if not, he would run back and try the left road. But no suoh form met his eyes, and Maurice Rainford retraced his steps to the high road. It was nearly half-past one o'clock when he turned in at an iron gateway which led up to the carriage.drive of a comfortable mansion. The deep bark of a dog gave notice of his approach, and before he had time to ring the house-bell a young man got up from the porch, where he had been seated smoking a cigar. "Rlaiuford, is that you?" said a voice. " My precious self and no other," returned Maurice. "Bettor late than never," said the first speaker; and the young men shook hands. " I was afraid of keeping you up all night," remarked Maurice. "I'm but just come in after my dance. Come and have some supper. I made my man see to your creature comforts before I gave him leave to turn in. You won't object to a cigar out heore afterwards, I'll wager," "I didn't know you were so near the sea, Charlie," remarked Maurice as they sat down together at a table spread at one end with eatables, to which Maurice felt ready to dojustice. "I'm within a mile. Nice little town it is too-Rooklet. You can have a swim in salt water every day if you like." " Oh, that was Rooklet, was it, that I walked through ?" "It could be no other," answered Oharlie. "And are there any mermaids at Rocklet ?" asked Maurice. "Not that I am aware of. Did you meet one 2" "Either a mermaid or a-ghost. About two miles from your place here I passed a sort of poor farmhouse-a mere cottage by the roadside- " " Wayside Farm," interrupted Charles. " Well, at Wayside Farm, then, I paused a minute to look at a group of grczing cattle; and, in the still moon light, saw a window open and a woman appter at it. She glanced this way and that, up and down the road, then disappeared. All of a sudden, in a patch of moonlight some distance to. wards my left, I saw the woman, or what looked uncommonly like her, reo appear. She stopped for a second, then hurried on, and was lost to view under a belt of trees near. I was so impressed that she was up to no good at that hour that I gave chase, vault. ing over an intervening gate and get. ting as quickly as 1 could into the opent; but my haste was thrown away, for not a creature could I seoo. So I gave nIp the pursuit and came on here. But when I got as lfares iooklot-.." "You did not see her," lutorrupted llharlta. " I dil, thouinhr-fll in Ite moon, liht, I wna goiln quiltly along) , and win juit hr gilllll ilg y walk down lho noII ary lile coavldoe town wonuld unlir llyi nit hiot hour in m tlgheti whoa l y flh?ny ? I igurs lndl uly! ra "y i.11r follow, your story Iogs. I d1oh'I IN Wy M N IAU to pI url ive, lop Jr 1 10 lI ti nll',1in MW A ' lI ;ll of would confess my version of it was the truest." " Just hear me to the end t" cried Maurice, "Account for what comes next if you can. In the full moon light, right before my eyes, she disa appeared--that is to say, she was there one minute and gone the next." " I don't quite understand ; you say that she disappeared right before your eyes almost ?" "1 moan this. I was hard upon her track where the street gives a bend, and she went round that bend, I after her. There wasn't time for her to knock at a door; but when I got round the corner she was out of sight. Vanished completely I What on earth was she up to ?" " She was up to what precisely you were up to-walking into Rocklet. If ever there was a simple tale turned into a mystery here is an instance." " I wish I didn't fool so uncomfort fortablo about it," said Maurice ; " but perhaps I am a fool for my pains," CHAPTER h l. Eighteen years have rolled over Maurice Rainford's head since be, a young fellow of twenty-tbree, pursued the unknown woman in the moon. light, and lost her in Ahe town of Biooklet. Eighteen years I It is a long time; but those years had gone swiftly with him, for they had sped happily. He had married the girl be loved, and was now a youngish paterfamilias of forty. one. His friend, the Honourable Charles Bhot , had succoeded as next heir to the title and estates of a child leoss nole, and was now Lord Hinch. ley of Hinobley Obase. When we resume our story Mr. and Mrs. Rainford were, together with Lord and Lady Hinobley and numerous other visitors, staying at a country place called The Lodge-a castellated building belonging to another noble man, the Earl of Riversloy, a neigh. bour of Lord Hinahloy's. There had been a garden party that day at Lord Riversley's, but all had made their adieux save the guests staying in tohe mansion; nd now these latter, together with their host and hostess and their beautiful daugh tor, Lady Eline Oankburn, were on gregated on the lawn discussing the garden party. A little apart from the rest Lord iuoabloy was talking to his host. " A rough oset they are, and I wish them well out of the neighborhood; but I" pity them nevertheless," he wa tsying. " Soch a handsome girl among thorn too, ea ar, delicate creature; but rie rest of them are a rough-and. ready lot. The fact is, since you want ttenante for your new cottages I'll gladly give them notice if you'll take them in. They're used to work work of any kind." "Oh! I want tenants for the new cottages anod could give them work," replied Lord Riveraley; " but who are they ?" "Their name is Hawksdale; they lived not so far from my house near Booklet once upon a time. In those days they had a poor farm, a wretched place, I fancy, called Wayside Farm," Lord Rivereley made a sharp move ment and turned his face from the moonlight. He grew so pale in a moment that he feared his pallor might be observed even in that light. " Walk down and see them; they are within a mile of you, though they are my tenants. You can look us up some morning, and we'll go together," continued Lord Hinohley. "Thanks II will," replied the other. Bt hbe said so because he could no longer carry on the conver sation. At this moment the fair Lady Eline approaohed Lord Riversley. " Father," sho cried, " we're going to improvise a dance by moonlight. Mother says we can very well do so. The musicians are now having supper but they can tune up for us after wards." "Of course, my darling," he an swered stammsringly. " I may go and give orders, then ?" she asked, delighted, " ertainly." "Here, let me go and give orders for you I" said a young man who had hovered close to the fair girl all day. And he took her hand (which she did not withdraw), while he listened to her commands as to what he was to do. Who washewho hold the hand ofLady Eline Oakburn and whispered such words in her ear ? He was her equal in rank, but five years her senior, and the eldest son of a marquis. Her father and mother, much as they treasured her, looked on well pleased. They could desire nothing better for their obild than that she should become the Marchioness Long. field, as she would, in dnue course of time, if she married Bryan, Lord Forest. An hour later dancing was going merrily on under the light of the moon; but Elineo and Bryan had stolen away from the rest of the waltzers, and she was listening to words snob as young lovers pour into fair girls' care. The gay strains of danoe.musio issuing from the gardens attracted the attention of the few pasoerseby on the country road, One of them, a girl of apparently the same age as Lady Elino, was so entranced by the music that she, poor village girl that she was, actually ventured to steal through one of the iron side.gates which led into the grounds, and creep along the shadow of serubs and arbutus trees till she garited a good view of the dancers. For throe minutes poor Dailsy Iawksdalo stood eoutranced, perfeotly traolsorted but her ploasure was peeodily inltrrnpled, A little poet dbo, hlohing to lady ~illue, dlis severed Jeer wuered tloui, ad boegant to bark furiously, "'sro', erlllo.0110 Ihhl9u4n uIllldor Lb ireo i's s?h149ll l fyt, i r wai s Weal forward and 00lsle flii doI lit )Ihr faII)l oniesld with dlll' W-lly )l Irll ~l I4I0 I obo, iIyAlllplllluf1P IJsdoII H wre ,Ind All tsI ho o l1o sa; In, ai 1 wrr al w iir8 19 000 W11, ity wsI lj 17I?II A 0011091"Y' lll+ flriyllf9' Mi )IºOli|If Then he, and all near at hand cried out in astonishment, " why, it's a woman I' "It is a girl I" said Eline, going up to her. " What are you doing here ?" asked she. The girl hung down her hare head, for her battered hat was on her arm, and raid, confusedly, " I stole in to hear the music." Lady Eline was touched, while Bryan uttered a suppressed cry. The girl found in the shrubbery was the image of his Eline I " Where did you come from, and what is your name ?" asked her young ladyship. "I'm from Hinobhley village, and I'm called Daisy Hawksdale," an ewered the girl; "but my name's lfargoret." Upon her lovely youthful face and wollhebaped head, and its wealth of golden.hair, the moon shone fully down-upon her slight figure, fall of grace, and the poor dress which shrouded it. v One among the guests at Lol Riversley's was so startled by the girl's appearance that he felt his pubes quicken. His proud uoele would have been much concerned if he could have known the admiration which was kindled so suddenly in the breast of the Honorable Leonard Oakburn, Eline's coausin. In a mo* ment Leonard forgot all about the dancing, and came across the lawn to where Bryan and Eline, Lord Rivers ley, and Mr. Rainford were grouped around Daisy. Lord Hinobley came up a moment after. " She's one of the family of whom I was speaking to you," whispered he to Lord Rivereley. " She is as beautiful as a dream I" gasped Leonard, under his breath. The young man, completely swept away from what was passing around him, could only stand and gaze on her, entranced. " Can you tell me if you lived, long ago, at a place oalled Wayside Farm, near Booklet ?" asked Lord Hinebley, addressing the intruder; for Lord Riveroley said nothing, and seemed deaf to all that was going on. " Yes, sir; but that was nine years ago. Father was alive then," answered Daisy, in a voice as sweet as was her face. Eline came forward. "Father," she whispered, " may .I tell her she can stay, and look on,just for this onae f" Lord Riveraley nodded. He could not speak. Eline turned to Daisy. "Don't go away now that you are here," she said. "We don't generally like strangers to come up the private way ; but there will be no objection to your listening to the music; and go round and have some supper, if you like, before you leave." Daisy's charming face flushed with pleasure. She did not so much care for the chance of supper; but the music, the sight of all the gay com pany, enchanted her. Eline and Bryan went back to the dancers. Lord Rivereley remained mute, seated on the lawn ; while Mr. Rainford said to Lord Hinobloy, " do you remember the night I first came to Rocklet ? There was just such a moon as this." "I remember," laughed his friend. "I had been to an archery meeting, and sat up for you." "Yes; but do you remember the sort of adventure I had that night P the woman I saw look from the win dow of that house you call Wayside Farm ?-and how I spied her hurry. ing away afterwards at dead of night, and gave chase fruitlessly, catching sight of her again in the town of Book. let, where she mysteriously disap peared P" "I do recall the ciroumstanoe, now you tell me of it. My dear fallow, you know I could not sea any mystery in it." "This girl comes from Wayside Farm; did you hear that 2" said Mr. Rainford, not heeding the other's remark. "Ah I you think she might know who it was left the farm that night P But how could she know? It was many years ago." "Eighteen. She hardly looks as old. But I can ask her if she knows who lived there then." "Do," said Lord Hinohloy. CIAPTEc III. Mr. Bainford approached Daisy, who had crept into the back ground. " Would you mind telling me how old you are 7" asked he. " I want to know because of a curious cironm stance which happened one night as I was passing your old home, many years ago. " I am just eighteen, sir," replied she shyly. "Thou you could know nothing about it. But can you tell me who lived in your house when you were a baby or a child ?" M" Mother, and father, and aunt, and my brothers and sisters. Father's dead, but aunt lives with us now," replied Daisy. " Would you mind telling me what sort of person is your aunt 2" "She's tall and stout," answered the girl. " Thank you. May I come and see you all? I'm staying here a week longer." " Oemo and welcome, sir," replied Daisy, a little surprised. Another hour or so, and the gay company had left the lawn and entered tihe house--all but Leonard Oatkbrn, whlo hatl euvetr l ight ihtof itasey Ilawlisdale all the time, She stood watching and listoning till the last person had left the beiu-. tlful gardons, Thoun, with a nighI, olio too ltrsed to go book to Iher every day life of eurs, harl toll, and Iarsh. As Ohp witlhd lnig olh s hehri i hasty alop bhlhsd her, 1tln tursitlul steI saow it lIll, EIIt1 hlh dou 11 ,i ?lllulug 111411 Iglltowltt i lf, wheIen ll sh e uuld jn hbI ti er gtllhth, In eltctit (ogo, lo s'ltlesily ufelt 11n ee111d tnut O. ejtlenlti hur f ir e istt (if lust or( poe aflter t Ittl.? t,M, "IlIw-?+Iow l4ltt n? n uu, Iri ?o P" -^UID) Ill sI4 aille gI f" aItOwlrtd I)Meys "I wish you would lot me walk with you," said he. Daisy was embarrassed. She would have liked to say " yes," but prudence urged her to say "no." "I won't trouble you, sir. Good. night I" said she softly. " Oh I Daisy, I can't say good-night so soon. What harm can there be in my walking a little way along the road with you ? See how dark it is under those trees. You must let me come a little way." As she could not prevent it, they began the walk together. " What do you do all day, Daisy ?" said Leonard, " All sorts of things, sir. Anything that comes to hand, I help a good deal with the laundry; I iron all day long sometimes." Leonard sighed. It was dreadful to him that this lovely girl should pass her life in work. They walked on a while in silence -she thinking how happy ladies must be who were spoken to gently, who were never scolded, who dressed in beautiful garments, and were loved by such handsome young gentlemen as this one by her side, Oonld she over quite forget his voice and manner, though she had only seen him by moonlight? Daisy thought not, and her heart ached a little as she thought so. She would have been immensely surprised could she have known that he was thinking even more warmly about her than she thought regretfully of him. Leonard had decoided that he must see her again, and that speedily. "Daisy," said he, "could you come out to-morrow morning for half-an hour ? I will call at your cottage if you can," "I, sir ?" said she, blushing under the moonlight. "Oh I no; I have to iron all day; and even if-if I had no work to do "-she hesitated; but Daisy was brave and spoke out-"eveu if I had no work to do it would be better not." " Why better not ?" cried he, im petuonely seizing her hand. ".Why ?" Daisy did not fool bound to tell him why. He ought to know that folks would talk, and that a gen. tleman such as he could have no no. quaintance with a poor girl like her. So she only answered in a very low voice, while drawing away her fingers from his clasp, "it must not be, sir." Then she added nervously: "There's our cottage. Good- night, sir; and lam very grateful to you for coming so far, and seeing me safe." "Daisy, how can I say good-night to you so soon? When shall I see you again ?" All at once Daisy suddenly burst into tears, The thought rushed into the girl's heart that lhe was separated from over from all that made up his life, and from hlimn; that she nuset never 5ee hinm any more--ho who hall spoken to her so kiddly ; that, if ales did, poolle would any hard things of her btomlneo she wast n poor girl and he c Iillo tlcinn ; tihat, if hle love! her OsOr s0 11c1i ,i hO woiel yet suorls to ceriry hor; n-e, lhe t hi s rh ede of her Iet Idraw psllhI elli nd itter loure flrolli l)othy'0 eyes, ILeostrd I so dt~eply Ilevnel, " Is Inycthl t?cl ie rcntlte1r, lIiy I? le orie o , il n s viloe f11l of c el rll, tits' cousl e ilt tues Icibti, " ilt leave s4i1 saiythll to 4111 ie, Iloses Iyeilcu, yc Init 1c lt eh Tel, for Il tllevl t ttsetsi lt , 4IsIs yc ttl!, 1 1O 1 ll wiwI I leae Vs lu te Ill f ssld i ll ie r t ll lth? g Iy t slýrlit I 1f t'o ttltt le r ,?1entiy so tile I ts lt, ence in their station. Then saying quietly, " a thousand thanks, sir; in deed, you have said nothing to offend me," she hurried from him, leaving him in the middle of the road gazing after her. As he neared his host's mansion on his return he came upon two or three of the gentlemen guests smoking cigars and lounging in the garden. " Is that you, Oakburn ?" cried one. "Yes;" said Leonard, hoping his questioner would not ask too closely where he had been. " Oh I well, there's nothing to be alarmed at now; but your uncle had a sort of fainting fit an hour ago. Lady Eline and Lady Riversley were a good deal frightened, but we had the doctor here as soon as possible ; and he says it is the heat and doing too muoh." "I'm very sorry. I'll go and see how my uncle is now," replied Leon ard, concerned. Lord Riveraley was lying on a coach in his dressing-room. As he caught sight of his nephew he beckoned to him. " Is that you, Leonard ? 80 you have heard I have been frightening them all ? " said he, with a forced, uneasy laugh. " Never mind that if you are better now, uncle," answered Leonard, thinking that his unolo's manner was unlike his usual one. "Did you see that girl who came into the grounds? " asked Lord Riversloy suddenly. "Yes," stammered Leonard, his heart leaping up. "Did you speak to her ? What did you think of her ?" " She-she was wonderfully like Eline," replied Leonard, still stam. meringly. He was surprised to notice the pallor which overspread Lord Rivers loy's face. "Are you feeling ill again, uncle ?" cried Leonard. "No, no; do let me be quiet, Leonard I But wait a moment. Will you go over to Graysfoot with Lord Hinchley to.morrow ? He wanted me to go with him ; but I must keep out of the heat of the sun, they tell me, for a day or two." " With pleasure, uncle I Lot me do anything I can for you." "Thank you, Len. Tell Lord Hinohley you'll go." (To be coonirted,) 