The New E. C. Church at Quirindi. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. ?(From cur cwn Correspondent.) Oo Sunday last an important event in tho history of the Eom°n Catholic Church in Quirindi occurred whea the foundation stony of a splendid brick edifice waa laid to re place the old wooden structure which has an swered bo long ae cliurob and school combined. A large number of people nttended at 11 o'clock tnaBB and tho church wbb crowded beyond the doors. Tho Right Reverend Dr. Torreggiani, BiBhop of the diocese, culebrated uiaBB, being a8Euci;a oy rne Eev. Father John Paul. The choir rendered the oacred masB muBic, and the following boIob were sane with Bplendidjellect : ' Kyrie Kleison,' Mr BenFinnertyt Miaa M. O'Halloran— ?' Ave Maria.' ' Benedietua,' and ' Halutaris Hostin.' The dedication eermon was prcuched eloquently iy the Rev. Father Patiislc, Superior of tho PasaioniBts, Sydney. The preacher wan attired in the sombre garb of his order— a black habit throughout, only relieved by a heart, outlined in white on the left breiist and surmounted by a -white croBB, the interior of the heart containing The wordB'JeBUxpiPaasio' above the three nails of the cross of Christ. In looking at this member of a celebrated order one may be pardoned toe re anembering that it was onu of his brethren of loeg ago who received Newman, afterwardsthe celebrated ?Cardiinl Newman, into the church. Oa tiint memorable dny, Fathir Domini, tho PasRioniBt, had an honour conferred upon him not (iWan to many, aa the great name of Newman will live for aees in the annals of thw ancient faith. Father Patrick chose for his text the gospel of St. Matthew, viii.E23— 27. — ' When Jesua entered into a boat, his diecipleB followed him ; aud behold a creat tempest arose in tho flea, so that tho ship -was covered with waveB t but he was asleep. And his disciples oarae tj him, and awakened him nay ine : Lord, save us, vro perish. And Joaua saith to them: Why aro ye fearful. O ye of litf.lo faith P 1'hen rising up, ho commanded the winda and thu aea, and there came a grfat calm. But the men -wondered, saying : What manner of man is this, tor the winds and the sea obey him.' .It was a lofty and aublitne theme. TheCatholiocongreRfttionlookodon that bark as boingsymbolicBlof tboone Simon Potor *nd his aucoessors had safely steered for almost Sinoteen hundred, years. It was tho Church Catholic which had shown the length and breadth of ita love for mankind for ages. Tho bark had been pronounced century, after century as not being laid down after proper architectural deBiurn and ?unaoaworthy. Who shall say why it cannot btave the storms when the Lord ia in ltP Many timea it ?? i-»j KoQ». amnif bat never Bone. The Lord had said to the waves, ' Fear not: it is I.' Their Redeemer had come on earth for two purposes— to preach the ' 'Gospel as the heaven-sent bearer of peace and good will and to perpetuate it for all timo. Thirty years ?He led the life of a poor carpenter's son, and then Gib preached uot alone for Judea and tho time bning ? but for the whole wond and to last for ever. 'Ya »re the light of tho world/' Hu had said to his apos. ties when He confided to tbein tbe proRohMR; of the Gob'pbI, and told thorn to go forth and baptise 'in ?'??.-? the name of the Fnthur, and of the Son, and of the Molv Ghost.' Onr blossod Lord oommlttGd nothing to writinR— the old Mosaio law was a written law to ba read every seven years within tho hearing of all— but the Redeemer wrote nothing— neither did ho wish it to be written. They were to do as he had done by word of mouth in the name or ' the Holy Trinity. Scarcely bad their wonder workine Lord gone when the discipleB went out .rZon their. ml.slon to mankind, and the R»at I. ' Teitullian had said— 'weary but of yesterday, but ! wo have overbroad your cities and your temples ». ? , ore deserted.' They had evanKoliRed the Roman :; ' . wO,.id and the barbarians beyond, although Pagans ; ? . had tried to trample out tho faith of tho cross, -?: ? 'there had como a day when the bnnner of. the ).? Christian faith waved above lhair battleraontod S towerB, and kingB, quoenB, und emperors liBd joined ' ? . ' ^onward march. Tbe brothers of St. Benedict ; i land St. Frnnois had oarrlHa on cue gooa wotk anu ! . -would continue to do bo, and would in tha hour of ' ? danger Racifioo everything for the .Up of Peter After 1900 j ears it had been paid by -people that the Church of ChriBt would go down liko.the reat— they tell us vice and infidelity prevail everywhere. The oburoh would not fall, and they oould l«u«h at ? . thetbreatnBbeingsynonymouBOfirnbecility.likethe ? ^e of freedom, so called, which had sought to extBr. »rnata the faith at tho cradle of civilization by th« . Sduotion of tho godlees scboolB. It was hope lS as the good and holy would never put to - shame tlio creed of the parly martyrs. Tho Popp, tho lather of thoir faith, had been d^poiled and was helda prisoner by a herd of brigands aud unbelievers, and where through revolutions the atmosphoro was Charged with ruin it was said the bark mu.fc go down. but oven though danger be great, Christ remained with the Church Ontholio, and we mu»t nnv^r fear io^ .her. Their Redeemer had said, ,,» Why are you *o,irful 6 ye of little faith P' The Ohuroh was founded on a rock, aud He had lold them Ho would / he fwith you all days, even to the consummation of i r the world. What now trials oan come that have .1 ™? S!jL» „„«.. nnd over aisain in the pastP Sho -.???- had endured aH dangorB, and the .blood of h«r ',,,j,.n ufl(i run in Btrcams noroas tho Hnrtu. in , older day,, thndna!ly cry hud been; ?? The Chrl.tUn. to the lions,' and thoro had been innumorable horeaiPH. so.that thoro waa hardly a plnoe for a now one Those horesxes were fa.b dying out. When ?h«'GothB aud the Huns thundered at tho gates of tie capital of th8 Empire of the West, thoir Ohnroh had rose itrlumphanfc from tho rums. When Mahomet, with bia fiory followorB, overran tho SrthTtae tide waa stemmed by the glorious OharlrB. MKtBl Rt Tours, although darkneBB eprond like a mil over tho known world, and OonstanUnopIo fell L 0 X handB of tho infidel .until the defeat under the i walli of '/Vienna, and tho battle of Lopanto, whn friumuh of the croBH. At various times proved tho tnumpuot C\mt0\U and it f™i BnKHBh writer said. ?? Tbo tnumphs ??nt the Church in trio now worm u..v» ?Core than compensated for the loanea in Tua nM' Tho people of Australia vroro a ??Jounp nnA V* pooplo. indepondonfc and ' S w'th tho ability to mako thomDolvos re Hnectdj In Canada the progresa hao buon Bpl«nd.d, -Bpnotoj. in vj 't . understood tlmfc thu '??.Ud °Velinl «?« 'huroh will bo raiBfid, nnd flcJuca fcio^Ul \ 'obJ ab. Bhofi und«r the ^« of r«.HKi»D. ^AlmifUty van. 0,IUnr.ry tho Rrnui of CPffsoodwou'uUoW.Buoh Br«ut ,o.,.lta. Tho. , mustcra seuu |,cl',H'i thi'ir Ur,\c hern pioneers of the f. U- «* won fo . ?? w«, trcftBon to lovo lh«ir country and ?Drinco ol the i.liurcn. ? ? . ^ubhrnenndlo.^m. ---—;, ^^ ? ^enb..oooaBion who U.) r ^ nM ?had Rathnrcd t« ot «r lor t lit / ^^ mmmm *?°. P°^ Ihi Go »i d in»«nd«d to mice tho «vor living .i n -nj p )nt. to rS3 Bam A-swr^s «u ''— .[ ,:'. church was dudioatml to av J-r ,?.«, ?,'inM J if Ireland, nnd «i«h nnrnoBb at jirnolical tho Mary of lr ami .i lumiuniinly ovi in whito, and U « 3h W jr an o t m ' JSTtho dS3S Stated hjf «hoin r.tr«ok,l Paul, and O'Connor, and then the stone waiblesFcd and the sign of the cross marked in each, corner with a silver trowel suitably inscribed. The stone wan well and truly laid by Bishop Torroggiani, under tho supervision of the contractor, Mr. Wil liam Price. A procession waa formed around the church foundations headed by an acolyte swinging the thurible, Father Patrick, Father Paul, carry ing the crozier, the BiBhop, and Father O'Connor. The BiBhop said they hudnowfiniahed tbe laying of the foundation stone uccording to tbe rubrica of the Holy Churoh. After the beautiful sermon they had heard that morning very little remained for him to say. Ho hoped the people would fulfil tfieir obligations faithfully. He bad no need to question their generoBir,y, us they, had been tried over and over again, and were not found wanting. If he bad had the means ho would have been glad to build the Church out of his own pocket, but they knew his means were limited — he had no resources except the generosity of the people. He was what might' be termed a poor beggar, and had various culls in all directions. The Churoh of Christ had withstood the assaults from the beginning until now, and in spite of storms would shape its peerless destiny until the end of time. Muny years ago after the Franco PruBsian war had just concluded, and the time was one of anxiety even for the church, he remembered seeing a caricature of BiBmarck flushed with victory with big a' chain over tho dome of St. Peter's at Rome endeavouring to pull it down. A very old mm stood behind him watching the operations and asked 'What are youdoing,iBiaraarck.' 'Trying to pull down the Catholio Churoh,' said Bismarck. 'How long havo you been tryingP' asked tho old man. ' Three yearp,' answered Bismarck. ' Well, then, I advise you give it up, na I have been trying to pull it down for tbe laat 1800 years, and have not succeeded.' In after years Bismarck became reconciled to tho Pope, who acted on various occasions as arbitrator between Germany and other nations, and this man who was going to pull tho ohuroh down in such a short space of timo sent tho decoration oC tho Imperial Gorman Eaglo to the Pope. Against tho atones of sea and land the ohuroh would last as long as the world. Tho people mcBt help in tho cxtornal work, but tbo spiritual work God would lcok alter and ob well as he looked after the churoh herself. He blessed them all ia the name of the Father, and of tho ? Son, and of the Holy Ghost. At the rrqueBt of the Bishop, Mr. William Britton announced that the collection was about .£200, and with the amount already in hand it would amount to over £100. At nitrht; the churoh was again oiowded, and Father -Patrick delivered on eloquent sermon, tak ing bis -text from the Gospel— John vi., 1, 15, many people of different denominations being present. March 22. 