THE HAUNTED MOUNTAINS. OR, COLONEL CODY'S SEARCH. A' ROMANCE OF THE WEST. BY :COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM, Author of the "Mysterious Man In Blue." &c.; CHAPTER LXVI.-THE SECRET OUT. The young girl had listened to the 'words of her brother with deepest at tention as they rode along, and wonder ed why he was telling her the story of her own life. When his secret was known, she said, after her joy and surprise were over: S'"You have told me, brother, of your strange life, and how you had been a rover about the world. But.- after all, you remembered the home in the West we had as children with our loved par ents. We can both now recall like a terrible dream the night our mother was killed by the renegade chief who led the Indians, and, as we supposed, our father was murdered also. It was soon after that you and I were parted. "You have said that the longing was upon you to find me, and to do so you came again to the wild West, and be came a ranchero. A strange destiny led our paths together again here in'these mountains, and I can hardly believe that our father still lives and. that we are also to see him." "But it is true, Zulita, for he was, not killed, as we supposed, that awful night, and a fearful life he has had of it. He, ltoo, came West to find you and me, and to avenge his wrongs upon the man who had caused all his suffering. "That villain, let me'tell you, is the Mfonarch, as we two know him. He is also the road-agent chief, Captain Law less, and the renegade chief, White Eaigle, "Guided and aided by you, in my wanderings about the mountains as the "'host of the Haunted Fort, the charac ter you played before my coming, I found out the Monarch as he is, road agent and renegade chief in an Indian tribe, but through all haunted, as we know, by the demons of crime conjured up by his past life. "He it was who killed our mother, and who wrecked our father's life, and ere.long I shall bitterly avenge all his w~rongs-upon us: The man I wounded the other day came here to hunt him down, and: that-'main is our father. "He lies wounded in his cabin home, wound ed by me, and I am taking you there to nurse him, while I go on the trail of re ,venge. "I shall leave you there, and go to the Beacon Rock to meet Surgeon .Powell to-night. I shall guide the Surgeon Scout to the cabin, and get him to see! just how severe the wound is, and save 'our father. In return I shall rescue Colonel Cody and Lieutenant Seaford from the Monarch's clutches; for he is only holding them in the Indian camp to get a big ransom for them, or keep them as hostages for his life, should he be captured by Colonel Ferris. "I can rescue them, Zulita; for you know how easily we entered the Indian village that night, and removed the bed-. aM1s of.the three scouts they had killed. That must have startled even Colonel Cody and the lieutenant to see us leave the village with the three scouts upright in the saddle and enveloped in white, for .we did that trick well. . "Next time I will take the two live pri soners from the village, and while they ?ill be free, their renegade captor shall go in irons. We have done our duty, Zulita, in warning the fort, and we will soon end this wild life, and our father .will be with us, and, what is more, he ;will be avenged." The young girl was so full of all that she had heard she could hardly believe that she was nawake. But late in the afternoon they came to the Hermtt's'cabin, and, dismounting, Burt Braxton- as the reader knows the G!ihost" to be-softly entered the cabin, and Zulita heard his fervent utterance: "I have returned, and thank God you are alive." CHAPTER LXVII.-TO THE RESCUE. "The wound is serious, but not fatal. I have found the bullet with my probe, and will soon remove it, and then, sir, you will rapidly recover." So said Surgeon Powell, as he stood by the side of the bed of the Hermit in his little cabin. As has been seen,the Surgeon Scout and the "Ghost" both kept the appointment made, and that night in the camp at Beacon Rock Frank Powell learned the story of the Haunted Fort and the Ghost of the Mountains. He also heard how the three scouts had been put to death, and that Colonel Cody and the lieutenant could be rescued. And, more, Surgeon Powell learned that the "Ghost" was none other 'than Burt Braxton; who was playing into the hands of Prince Ashton until he could catch him in.the trap. The story of how the ranchero had been captured by his sister, their recognition.of their re lationship, and that Zulita was there at the Hermit's cabin nursing their father, the Hermit Nemesis, Doctor Powell lis tened to with the deepest interest. 'When the cabin was reached, after.a hnard ride, Surgeon Powell at once went to work, with the result stated. The bullet was removed, the wound 'ressed, Spurs placed in charge of the household affairs, and Zullta appointed to nurse her father back to health and strength again, while Burt Braxton and Surgeon Powell, both in the guise of ghosts, were to go to the rescue of C.olonel Cody and Lieutenant Seaford. The Hermit had heard the happy tid ings that his children, had found him, and he said, smilingly, that he did not "]believe that a bullet through the heart -could kill him then. : Surgeon Poweil said the news was bet .ter than any medicine could give, and s~hoirving Zulita how to dress the wound, and leaving her in charge, with Spurs a?s assistant, he rode away with Burt Braxton to the rescue of Colonel Cody, :and with everything they could cairry to aid them in playing ghosts to perfec Zulita saw them depart with full con ildence of their speedy return, and that there was any such word as fail with -hem she did not believe. CHAPTEJR LXVITII.-CONCLUSION. .The boldness of Burt Braxton in play ing ghost amazed Surgeon Powell, when he said that they would ride right into the Indian village. : .But the Surgeon Scout did not hesi . tate, and thle two "ghosts," v-ell Biounted and leading three white horses, did boldly enter the red-skin village at midnight, and ride up to the cabin of .he renegade chief. It was snowing hard, and the one brave kept on duty as guard outside' of the cabin was crouching under shelter -nveloped in his blanket, and. knew nothing of the spectral foes near until lie received a blow on the head that .8tunnmed him. -Aknock.at the cabin-door, or voices 'aying' in the Indian .tongue -. for Surt geon -Powell spore- the language welll that Chief:Red;Litghtsiing wishedjo see Z76 ' the White Eagle, caused the renegade to appear and to behold before him two spectres. He had played the ghost act to frighten others, and now, .awakened from sleep, found before him two forms as though from the grave. "Prince Ashton, we have come for your guilty soul," said the deep voice of Burt Braxton: and the man staggered back and sank down upon the floor, un able to move or speak. His sufferings were terrible, and Surgeon Powell said in a whisper : "He is dying of fright, Braxton." It was true. The Monarch of the Mountains, in all his paidt as a renegade chief, in vain attempted to speak, and with a moan fell back in convulsions. It was only a short struggle, however, for life soon fled, and Surgeon Powell, rising from his side, said quickly: "Come, Seaford, you and Cody get your wraps on, for we must be miles out of this by dawn." Who can pidture the surprise of the midnight visitors appearing as rescuers? It was a startling, joyous'surprise,. and within ten minutes after the recog nition of the Surgeon Scout the irons of the two prisoners had been removed, the body of the dead renegade strapped to one of the horses, and the whole party were in retreat through the blind ing storm. The ride to the Hermit's cabin was' made in safety, the body of Prince Ash ton was recognised by the man he had so wronged, and then it was buried.. A. week after the Hermit was able to be about, and by slow stages the ride was begun to the fort. The welcome that all met cani be Imagined better than described, and Burt Braxton and Zulita, with their father, became the colonel's guests. Thus was laid the foundation of that love affair. wihch eventually ended in the marriage of Ethel Willis,to Burt Braxton, while Zullta Braxton became Mrs Hugh Seaford, and happy are both couples in the choice that they made of partners for life. In the spring, Hermit.Br-xton, as the elder was called, led a party of soldiers into the mountains and secured the gold that was hidden away, and which amounted to a considerable fortune, while Colonel Cody and Burt Braxton went with them with s squad of soldiers to bury the dead of the Gunnison ex pedition found in the Haunted Fort. [The End.] Next week will be commenced a grand new serial entitled "The Rainbow Feather," by Fergus Hume, author of "The Mystery of the Hansom Cab," etc., etc,. 