THE HUMORIST. IRISH BEPARTEE AND SARCASM. ("Daily Telegraph.") Repartee, or readiness in smart, witty, sarcastic retort, is said to be the highest form of wit. These immediate and felici tous replies, these answering thrusts in mental fencing, these illuminating flashes of quick and lively imaginations, are common among all classes in Ireland. On old Car lisle Bridge, in Dublin, there was a fruit stall, the keeper of which, "Biddy," the Apple-woman," was a better-known figure than even the Lord Mayor. She had a really and glib tongue, a«d never allowed a verbal assailant to retire with all the honours. An American visitor, thinking to take a "rise" out of the old woman, took up one of the water melons she was displaying for sale, and said, "These are small apples you grow over here. In America we nave them twice the size." Biddy slowly removed her "dudhcen," or clay pipe from her lips, and coolly survey ing the joker from head to heel, said, in a tone of pity, "Yerra, what a fool yez must be whin yez take our gooseberries for apples." John Philpot Curran was noted for his powers of repartee and sarcasm. One day Curran was walking past the Parliament House in College Green, before the Bank of Ireland got possesion of it, with a noble man, . who had promoted the legislative union by his votes. "I wonder what they intend to -do with that useless building?' said the nobleman. "For my part, I hate the sight of it." "I do not wonder at that, my Lord," returned Curran, who was an anti-Unionist. "I never j;et heard of a murderer who was not afraid of a ghost." Curran was defeated in a conversational contest with Lady Morgan, the Irish nove list, one evening in that lady's- drawing room, wheu, exaggerating the prevailing fashion in short sleeves, she wore merely straps over her shoulders. Curran was walking away from the little party who witnessed the conflict of the two wits wheu Ladv Morgan called out. "Ah, come back Mr.'Curran, and acknowledge that you are fairly beaten." 'At any rate," said he, turning round, "I have this consolation, Lady Morgan, that you can't laugh at me in your sleeve." A very happy example of a man falling into the pit" which he had dug for some body else is afforded by the following well known-but always fresh story of a famous repartee. John Parsons, one of the first Irish Commissioners of Insolvency, was travelling in a coach with Lord Norbury, the Judge. Passing a gibbet, Norbury 6aid with a chuckle, "Parsons, where would you be now if that gallows liaid its due?" "Riding alone, Norbury," was the quick reply. The neatness and felicity of this retort affoids unmitigated surprise and de light: Chief Baron O'Grady, subsequently the first Lord Guillamore, had a dry humour and biting wit. . The latter was ho fine that its sarcasm was often unperceived by the object against whom it was directed. A legal friend of his who was extremely studious, but in conversation exasperat iijgly dull, showed the Judge over his newly built house. The lawyer prided himself es nwijillv on a library, which he luirl con trived for his own use, so secluded from the jest of the building that he could pore over bis books in private quite secure from disturbance. "Illis is capital," exclaimed O'Grady. "My deai' fellow, you could read and study he;« from morning till night, and no human being would be one bit the wiser." This recalls the capital story told of the late Father Healy, of Bray: A very pompous friend was allowing Father Healy and other guests through his new hous.e, on which he had spent a good deal in furnish ing and decorating. In the library the host, waving his hand towards the book shelves, exclaimed, "Here, surrounded by these best friends, ] feel most happy." "Ami 1 notice," said Father Jlealy, "ex amining some of the volumes," "thati, like a true friend, you' never cut tlwra." A committee was formed to erect a monument over the grave of a popular Dublin physician who died some years ago, ! and was buried at Mount Jerome Ceine- \ [ tery. A witty citizen who \va&' asked to suggest an inscription for the memorial« j recommended the use of the famous allu sion to Sir Christopher Wren, the archi tect, in St. Paul's Cathedral, London. "Si monumentum requiris eircumspiee." "If you seek his monument, look around; if you clonbt his merit, behold his works." I An English tourist, under the guidance of a peasant, was admiring the scenery of the Galtee Mountains. Pointing to a gap , in the hills, the guide said it was known locally as "The Devil's Bit," and a low hill hard by was called "The Devil's Oha.fr." "Indeed," remarked the Englishman, "the devil seems to have a good deal of property in these parte." "Yes, sir," rejoined the Irishman; "but he is an absentee landlord, and lives in England." 