Terrible Burning Accident. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM.PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. WnrLE in a bath in Pitt.street, a Mr. Jarvis had the miefortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before he could be resoued he was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shook of the burning and the fall'proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarris, and for a number of 3ears after he was a oonfirmend invalid, suffering terribly from looomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be irculatedt in the neighbourhood that Mr. Jarvie weeas getting round again, and that he had had a most marvellous recovery from thisl apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumours that a special re. porter from the hydney Worker wase dis patahed to get all information regarding same, nod one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45 (rown.lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thoe. Jarvis was discovered nureting a two. year.old baby, and his face deolared him one of the happIlet men in Sydney. He was op and about, and able to answer the knook at the door. although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he said:-,'You vant to know alt about my osee P Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The fise may be of value to those who are stricken as I weeas " " How long were you euffering ?" "Well, twelye months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. Ahbout five years ago next Christmas I met with an aooident; I weas badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the aooident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Globo Island." "What where the symptome s" "l limply indesoribable. The pains were eomethia terrible. They were juset about as much as I could boar. Thqy were for all the world like as it a esw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and weeas a nuis. anc to myself and everyone else. I was inoessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither oat nor slooep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well.known doctor, and he told me that my case weeas utterly hopeless How. ever, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of the order P' " No; I came home and went to bed, and have bern pretty well in bed ever sinoe. Five weeks ago I ooaid not walk acnorose the floor; in faot, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of dsagse when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia piUs, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the oon olusion that I was suffering from looomotor etaxia, or progressive locomotor staxy. a disease of the spinal chord, characterisod by peonliar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co.ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ton years, and that I might never got the ne of my legs. (Jeust then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infalhblo.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I graspod at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describ lug the ocure effeotd in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I road in the .Australian WForkman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the adver tisoment of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pill a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvelloeus as it was magloal. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I hid for many a day. It was inoredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those orntches there? They are perfoectly new, and I have usneed them. They were made for me before' I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak tonse them, and now I don't want them." " He is 100 per cent. better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life, and made another man of him." I friend who olled in at this point said that Jarvls looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previous. "I can now," continued Jarvle, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into mylegs. I asoribo all the change and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelplooe there is a box of opium and morphta pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the exornciating pain. But they can stay whore they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed'at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." sbuch is this remarkable history, and it con firms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishiong cures wrought by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They oure loconmotor ataey, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blotld, such as antumia, pale and sallow complexion, geneornl musonular weak nees, Indigestion, loss of appotite, shortness of breath, pains. in the baock, nervous head. aoho, eto. Mr. J. B. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor Party in the N.H.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with theo remarkable ease of Thomes Jarvie, Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvls from nlefanoy. He also knew that he had to gsvo up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards beardthat eJarvis was bed.rldden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. . He understood Jarvls was refused admission to Bydney Hospital, as his ease had been pronounood Ineurahle. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the faote, astounded at . the complete recovery of Jearvie. Theso wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medioine Go., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s 9 , or half. dozen for 15s 3d. See that the gennine Dr. Williams' are gotten. Dig teleasoopes are a hobby which only millionairea 9pan afford to indulge. Many aonfilotng etatements have been made as to amount spent by Mr. O.T. 'Yerkee on his observatory, but it has probably been not less than a million dollars. The 401n lens of the great refractor cost 65,000dol before it was completed. Mr. Llok epcnt 700,000dol on the Link Observatory, o1 which all but a portion of the last 100,000dol went in tele. soopes and buildings. It is a bit surprising that none of our newly.made millionaires should have sought Lhe immortallsation which the endowment of a great observatory gives. BlSr oward Grnbb (says a London paper) has .been asking for years for only £33,000 with which to construct-and float in wator-a 100.ton refleoting telesope bigger than any telescope' ever yet made, and so far'has asked In vain. 