A Melbourne Letter. , ? © ? ; ? — . (From Our Special Correspondent.') Melbourne, March 30. The Hobart Postal Conference should do much towards establishing a more complete understanding on mail mat ters. : The questions there discussed are of. great moment to the colonies at large, and the issues may or may not mean a dpcided improvement in the cable ser vice, which has . not hitherto been en tirely above reproach. The intemiptive tendency which characterises the West Australian and South Australian lines of cable has long courted discussion, and if an * thing — short of mobbing and black eyes — can stir up the authorities to prompt action, for the benefit of the public at large, no stone should be left unturned in the effort. The yearly sub sidy of £32,000, paid into the pocket of ?the Eastern Extension Cable Company,, certainly seems to have been a heavy drain upon the resources, as a long con tinued liability is apt to become, though the present contract terminates in July thislyear. The decision coma (,oon the con tinuance or 'otherwise of paying out this subsidy will not come into requisition until that dat-. The two schemes for a second Biitish service submitted, one Ma Cape Colony and the other through Canada and across the Pacific, had each its good points ; though the advan tages of one proposal were more, than counterbalanced by the superior con veniences , and facilities afforded by the other. : The heart'ess parent who declines to transmit to his unoffending offspring, through the medium of vaccination, the numberless inherited cattle diseases which bovine flesh is\ heir to is hauled before a police court and fined. In a few cases, when flagrant and successive breaches of the law in tnis respect have been brought to light, the wretch has preferred to ' take it out ' in saol, and has emerged from that establishment with the halo of martyrdom encircling his manly brow. Protest after protest has been offered up against compulsory vaccination, but the supplications to the graven image of the Law praying for the abatement of the slaughter of the inno cents have fallen on barren ground. After all, why should the improbable arrival of a hypothetical small-pox scare be responsible for the certain and sure dissemination of pleuro-pneumonia, pul monary tuberculosis, and various un mentionable diseases equally as abomi nable ? Scientific investigation has clearly proved that, these essentially cattle diseases have been primarily grafted on to suffering humanity through the medium of calf lymph. The secret of compulsory vaccination advocacy by the. medical fraternity at large is suffi ciently patent, and needs no dissertation to makt it self-evident. The question of establishing lymph, supplies at ports where the mail boats touch is much agitating the bosom of the Board of Health. The incon venience of running short of the delect ;abie compound was illustrated in the quarantining of the R.M.S. Australia. The de'ight of the ill-fated passengers in durance vile when they heard that there was not enough cow bacilli to go round was quickly damped by the dis covery that they would have to remain all the longer in the doleful seclusion of the Quarantine Station. The hugh joke of inoculating 400 unwilling wretches with the germs of a baker's dozen of filthy diseases is abon mot which might well excite the fiendish glee of the re nowned school of Les Morticoles. The committee of the Melbourne Hospital, and also the medical officers connected with that institution, got pretty well hauled over the coals for re fusing admission to an elderly vagrant in the last stages of pleurisy and inflam mation of -the lungs. The weary wan derer had been traversing the highways and byways of this hard world for close on seventy years, and had not the where withal to buy him a. crust of dry bread. Tjie unfortunate was brought up at the City Court and remanded ; the coroner's jury had the next say in the matter, as he yielded up the ghost on the following day. The constable tried, to get the dying wayfarer into the sanctuary of the Melbourne Hospital ; but he was seat empty away with a bottle of medicine in iiis pocket, though obviously at his last gasp. At the meeting of the Hospital Committee,, the chairman and secretary took up the cudgels and pitched into the doctors on the disgraceful shame of turning away a patient in such a state, especially as there was one spare bed vacant in the refractory ward. In extenuation it was put in that no fewer than 91 patients in six weeks had been declined sdmission on the score of want of accommodation. A great many of these found' shelter ia the Alfred Hos pital, which institution has any quantity of room to spare, but no funds to keep more than certain sections going. The income^of the Alfred requires another £4000 per annum added on to it to allow of keeping the now unused por tions in full working order. The busy baby-farmer — -in untold legions — -is still waging warfare against the human species, and the daily ex tinction of the ubiquitous illicit infant is as common as cucumbers. The boarded, out baby has about1 as much chance of making old bones as has a spoon-fed jelly fish. The dietary scale that regis tered nurses are obliged to hang up in a conspicuous, position in their domiciles, from which untold good was confidently expected to result, has proved a regular farce. Though a stern regimen of dietetics is emphatically laid down in regulations, unfortunately a policeman is not on duty at each establishment to enforce the scale. Conse pently the lump sum infants are regaled on tripe and onions or Irish stew, and the verdict is 'Gone aloft— unsuitable feeding.' Whether or not. the simplicity and com parative economy of extinguishing the unlawful and unwanted infant offers a premium to vice is a matter for statisti cal enquiry. Certain it is that while the lump-sum adoption of illegitimate infants continues to be winked at by Victorian law, just as long will the crying evil of infanticide remain un checked. The. New South * Wales system appears to^ be working satisfac torily. There prohibited premiums may be handed over to the administrator of the Act, who will dole them out in small weekly instalments to foster mothers, who thus in their own: interests are obliged to do their fcvel best to keep their charges alive and healthy, other wise their source of income is summarily cutoff. ; The franchise fanatics are at it again, and the annual meeting of the Victorian League west off triumphantly with a credit balance of 11s 3^d. i. big ma jority of M.'sL.A. avowed themselves pledged to the suffrage at ihe general elections, and the time is near at hand when those pledges will have to be taken out of pawn. dccordiru* to the wealth of promises already put in by these .w. rthies, if a separate Suffrage Bill be introduced by the Government next session, without any of the previous hocus pocus about -it, there seems every likelihood of it going through, notwith standing the antipathetic ideas of certain members who shall be 'name- less. One male speaker who held forth at the meeting got incontinently jumped upon by air the ladies assembled b cause he was inclined to bestow votes only on deserving females, restricting certain classes as. undesirable ana un worthy the privilege. There was joy in the rank s when one lady orator shut up this squeamish fellow with a running fire of statistics, winding up the bom bardment by proving conclusively that only a miserable 25 per cent of Vic torian crimmals.are of the softer sex. The Franchise League has suffered a sad bereavement in the loss of a pro minent and popular leader. This pretty and youthful new woman-, and a full blown B.A. into the bargain, has just wedded a plenteoualy gilded young station-owner from -New South Wales. The happy couple are- about to take a honeymoon tour to Klondyke, and subse quently put in two or three years t-avelling. ' ? There is loud rejoioing in shopkeep ing circles over the Full Court decision regarding enforced half-holidays. 'I hough employers, are still, and. rightly, com pelled to give each and every employe one half-holiday in each week,. they are not, as hitherto, obliged to shut up shop in order to conform to the law in this respect. Employers can sort their hands out in batches and give' one lot a festival one day, another portion the next, and so on. 'ihe loss of business which accompanied the carrying out of the Act has been the source of bitter complaining and lamentation on the part of tradesmen in general, those who have been fined for neglecting to comply with the regulation in particu lar. The repeal is as welcome as an ice express in Hades when the toasting ap paratus is in full swing. Melbourne rings with multifarious and soluble propoundings of what is erroneously supposed to be the subject of the hour, viz., Federation. These learned disquisitions purport to be lucid and concise explanations of federation, but to the general public thj^y'. merely serve to make the darkness visible. If is a safe thing to predict that,, notwith standing the efforts being put forward, when the question is put to the vote barely a score of Victorians will have the least comprehension of what they 'are advocating or otherwise. The archae ological sequence ? of paleolithic events is a mere joke ? in comparison with the labyrinthian intricacies' of the intrinsic values of the subject on hand. It is much to be doubted whether the dele gates who drew up such an elaborate sket ch of the Constitutional Commonwealth understood much of the ' nature of the baste ' they were attacking. Some half dozen of the members certainly had the question well in hand, but. the rest might well have been screwed down in a wine press and the logic exuded bottled in an egg-cup. This process is only meant to apply metaphorically to the intellectuality of the individuals under treatment. If carried out literally the comparative relations of liquid to solid matter woul 1 be much greater propor tionately.: but it would create a beastly mess, so we will pursue the subject no further at present. 