The Invisible Player. I could not resi6t lifting my eyes, with a twinkle of amused triomph in them, to Jack Belknap's face, as I gathered in the last trick and swept the card6 together in a heap. ' Confound it !' exclaimed Jack, pushing his chair back, witb a scowl on bis handsome face. That's tbe fifth game in succession you've beaten me, and you re ibe only man wno ever did it, too. I don't understand it. But mark my word . If I live I'll whitewash you one of these days !' He rose, He a cigar, and walked moodily out of the club house. Cards were Jack Belknap's passion — his weakness if you wish to call it such. But, if a weakness, the dear fellow had no other fault. He was as clean of heart as a girl, and as straight in his habits as a deacon. Well might be be pardoned for loving a good game of skill — not of chance — with the mys terious pasteboards. And if it cut him to the heart to be beaten — well. what devotee of any honest sport can not sympathise with him there ? Although Jack is one of my best friends, I could not help feeling that he was desperately vexed with me when he went out of the club house that night, smoking the only cigar I had seen him put to his lips for months. I ought not to have looked up with that mischievously exultant, selfcon gratulatory glance, I suppose. It was too much like adding insult to injury. My triumph ought to have been ac cepted in the meakest, most carelessly undemonstrative manner. But then —Jack wus a famous card player. However, my friend was only vexed, and I knew his indignation, if he really felt any towards me, would soon wear off. So 1 went unconcernedly to the reading room and sat down to read the papers until 8 o'clock, p.m., when I was to take a train for the ad jacent city of Springfield, on business which would require my presence there early tbe next morning. At a quarter to 8 I hailed a cab and was driven to the station. My train, an express, was oniy two hours in making the run to Springfield, and soon after 10 o'clock I found myself in a cozy room at the M- house, not a bit sleepy, and wishing that I had brought a good book to amuse myself until my customary bed time, 11 o'clock. I searched the room to see if there were not some discarded novel that I might dip into for an hour. But al though F did not find what 1 was looking for, on opening one of the bureau drawers I was pleased and amused to discover a Boiled pack of cards. Smiling to myself, I drew them forth, counted them, and flung them down on the little toilet- table. 'Now, Master Jack Belknap,' I said, addressing my friend as an imaginary adversary, 'if you aren't satisfied, we will sit down at ibis little table and play that series over again. I think that, if £ play for you as well as for myself, you will stand some chance of winning at least one of the games.' To complete the playful deception, I placed a chair at the opposite side of the table from my own, and dealt an equal number of cards to its imaginary occupant and myself. ' Wow, Jack,' said I, ' if you will kindly excuse me, I will examine your hand first and see what chance you have to do something in this game.' Reaching over, I was about to gather up tbe cards of my imaginary oppon ent, when, to my utter amazement aud terror, the little heap ot pasteboards went up, precisely as if some invisible hand bad grasped them ! Then, with deft rapidity, they were assorted in suits before my staring eyes. For a moment the chill of terror tbat bad coursed down my spinal column when tbe cards were first lifted from the table, fairly froze me to my chair, and I sat as one paralyzed. Then cam? an impulae to cry out, to flee from the room. I was on the point of making- a dash for the door when a card came jauntily and carelessly fly ing into the centre of the table. It was the invisible player's first move ! Then a new mood seized me. I felt a sudden, thrilling bravado, like tbat of a man who fancies that there is a burglar in the house, and, lamp and revolver in hand, strides out to tbe hallway, all prickling in his nerves and walking* as if on air. I would ac cept the invisible player's challenge and fight out the game with him ! It would be the experience of a lifetime, at any rate— a game of cards with a bodiless spirit ! Trembling with suppressed excite ment and fear, yet with a firm grip on my nerves, and with teeth clenched to gether like those of a man going into some fierce contest of brawn or skill, I fixed my attention upon my unseen adversary's card, and flung one of the same suit beside it. Would the mys terious creature or power respond ? I held my breath in trembling expect ancy. Yes! After a moment's pause, like the hesitation of a careful player, another card was detached from the hovering sheaf and cast upon the table. It was a good move, an intelligent move, as I perceived, even in my ex citement. There was surely a brain at the back of that invisible action ! Unlike tbe spiritual manifestations there was nothing incoherent or dis connected about the ' communication' this being had to make to me. I gathered myself together and en tered into tbe strange contest witb all my mental powers alert. I deter mined that I would not think of the mystery confronting me — I would only think of the game and how I should play to win it. I bent my eyes upon the table and refrained from looking at the neatly fan-shaped sheaf of cards suspended opposite. Play followed play in rapid and de termined succession. The game grew fascinating, absorbing. Hands were exhausted, tricks gathered, carde col lected, shuffled, and dealt ; and in all of these operations the invincible player did his part as promptly and as cleverly as I did mine. One — two — three games went to tbe ghost in relentless succession. I began to grow vexed. Seldom had anybody taken three straight games from me in that fashion. I was bound it should not be four straight — but it was! Well — we would play the series out ! I would win one out of tbe five, anyway. I glanced at my watch. It was one o'clock. Grasping the scattered cards, ! shuffled and dealt them again. The game oegan. it was tne closest oi the series. More than once the in visible player paused for a full half minute after a play of mine had been made, and I studied his moves witb equal care. At length, by a wonder fully brilliant ani masterly play, after leading me upon an entirely false scent, my invisible adversary won! I pushed back with an ex clamation of anger, and in doing so overturned the little toilet table. It came to the floor with a bang, and the cards were scattered far and wide over the floor. Getting down on my hands and knees, I gathered them up and counted them. The pack was complete. rl hen £ righted the table and replaced the cards upon it, saying, ' Whoever you are, I challenge you to another series, the forfeit or stakes to be as you please !' There was no response. 1 dealt the cards. For five minutes I waited, watching the little heap of paste boards opposite me. Then I rose, gathered up the cards, put them in the bureau drawer where I had found themt and went to bed. The next evening, having completed my business in Springfield, I was back at my club in Boston again. Jack Belknap met me smilingly. ' Gome, old boy,' be said, ' let's have another evening of euchre. I kaow I can beat you this time ! I dreamed that I did it last night, and what's more, I dreamed just how 1 did it!' *'* The deuce you did !' I exclaimed in amazement. ' Well, come and show me how !' Jack won the series in precisely the same manner and exactly the same time as tbe invisible player who had vanquished me tbe night before. Then I told my experience to Jack. His cheeks glowed and bis eyes shone as he listened. ' Do you believe in the influence of the subjective mind over matter ?' he asked. ' What nonsense is that you are talking ?' I cried. ' I see you know nothing about it,' be said, fingering his watch chain thoughtfully. ' But £ have new faith in tbat wonderful theory now. White ford, I was tue invisible player!' — Detroit Free Press. Little Jack: ' What did ]-a mean by saving he wi-s captain of this ship ?' Ala ; ' Oh, that is iMily his w»y of eujin^ tbat he is heiid of tlw house,' Little Jack : ' If pii is c--ptaiu, then wlint lire you?' Ala *' Well, I suppose I um the pilot.' Liitle Jack: '? Oh, yes, and then L must be the compass?' Ma : '? The c inpass ! Why i hrs compare ?' Little JHCii : '* Why, the captain and pilot ar« always boxing the couipars, you know,' Talleyrand, 1'ie I'rimo Miuisier of N:ipo!i-ai), tvjis djyii!:ed 1 y -Matin me de S'.jil-I. It eo happened that I'nJiejrasid was lame, aud uifldatue cross eyed. Alto tint' one day, madiitue said, ' Monsieur, how is that poor leg r' Tal'eyraud quickly answered, ' Crooked, as you eee.' 