THE CATHOLIC PRESS. . — « A PLEA FOR THE W.A. RECORD. . SERMON BY THE REV. FATHER DUFF. At the Cathedral of the Immaculate "Conception on Sunday evening the Rev. Father Duff, who was the preacher, de- . livered a sermon on Catholic newspapers and the obligation of supporting them that devolves on the Catholic people. ihe Preacher, whose subject was the Catholic Press generally, and in particular the W.A. . Record, spoke as follows: — " Go teach all nations, baptising them in ' " the name of the Father, and of the Son, "and of the Holy Ghost." — One of the greatest teaching powers that the world owns to-day is that of the newspaper. _ That this is true in a secular sense may be judged . from the fact that every one desires, as the : first thing in the morning, to see the daily paper. But if the power of the Press is : great in a secular sense, it must be still greater from a religious point of view — as spreading abroad and upholding the doc trines of Christianity — because the Press, under the guidance and protection of the Catholic Church, is supported by the commission given by our Blessed Lord -to His Apostles. — All power is committed to Me in Heaven and in Earth. As the Father hath sent Me so send I you. \- Go, therefore, and teach all nations. No Catholic household should be without . a Catholic newspaper. It is necessary in order to provide information concerning Catholic matters that cannot be had else where. The Catholic Church is a great and world-wide institution. Its life is active, and many changes are constantly going on in it. The secular Press cannot be expected to follow these matters in detail, or to give, at best, more than a passing notice or brief summary of them. Yet it \- is always of interest, and not unfrequently of importance, to Catholics to be fully acquainted witk'them, and no Catholic who is not so can be said to be well in formed. — Even if the secular papers are well meaning, they are not sufficient for the purpose required ; in cases where they . are not well meaning the mischief they can do is plain, and the need of counter- . acting their influence is evident; — It is : not proposed that people who subscribe to a Catholic newspaper shall confine them selves solely to that, or shall derive from .it all the information they require on public affairs. People at present, who do not wish to fall injuriously behind, must keep themselves abreast of the times, and for this it is necessary for them to follow the course of public events and the trend" of public opinion. For this the secular newspapers are the proper sources, and \- their reading by Catholics is indispensable. Secular papers, nevertheless, even those of -them that are most liberal, constantly, when they deal with Catholic affairs — by Avay either of comment or re port — represent such matters from a- ; standpoint that is not Catholic and give them a colouring that is not exactly true. Take for example a case that occurred some years ago. The secular papers had . derided tlie doctrine of Papal infallibility. They bad denounced it as a mark of superstition, in Catholics to receive such a doctrine. But, in the midst of all this, the Pope- issued a rescript that happened to suit their views — that, namely referring to the Parnell movement. The Press immediately changed its tone. Papal infallibility then became for it an article -that it was necessary for Catholics to hold, and they set themselves to the task of showing that the rescript in question was infallible. There was no truth in the ; assertion. The instance was one in which the secular papers had explained a Catholic matter to suit themselves. For Catholics to have continually before them such a view of matters pertaining to their faith, and no other, must infallibly affect their minds prejudicially. The drop ..of water, for instance, falling gently but incessantly wears away the hardest stone. A careless tone of mind towards Catholic .affairs, which may thus be formed, can result in infinite evil, but its effects cannot be good. It is, therefore, no excuse for Catholics to offer when, as not unfrequently happens, they refuse to subscribe for a Catholic paper, that they take a secular . daily or weekly, and that the newspaper in ..question shows no anti-Catholic bigotry. The very fact that they read a secular paper affords, of itself alone, a sufficient reason why they should also read a Catho lic newspaper. This must be done to safe guard the sensitiveness of the Catholic towards matters relating to his faith, which, if he does not preserve intact, he can be reckoned but an indifferent Catholic. As to newspapers that are virulently anti- Catholic, it may be a question whether by . continuing to read them and consequently giving them their support Catholics are doing what is altogether right. To coun tenance evil in any shape is hardly allow able. At the same time it is useful for Catholics to know what the arguments are that those who are opposed to their Church advance, or what the charges are that they bring against her. In any case, it is pal pable that, where such journalism exists, provision must be made to meet "it. If Catholics are silent under such attacks those who look on will take it for granted that, as the old saying has it, silence gives consent, and that they refrain from defending their Church or their principles because they have no sufficient defence to offer. For such defensive pur poses a Catholic newspaper is an absolute necessity. True, where the Catholic Church or Catholic principles are attacked generally, the Catholic who is properly instructed, will always be ready .with an efficient answer, but particular points are constantly occurring respecting which his answer, to be effective, must contain par ticular details, .and these as a rule are . to be obtained, if not exclusively, at least most readily, in the columns of the Catholic newspaper. We live, too, at a time when religion is a matter that is a subject of. common discussion. People casually thrown together not unfrequently choose it as their subject of discourse. A Catholic who by reading a Catholic news paper keeps himself fully informed as to all that is taking place in the Catholic world and who also, by the same means, keeps his interest in Catholic affairs on the alert, will always, on such occasions, find himself advantageously situated. If, in fact, he is not so provided he may be taken at a disadvantage, and may cut a sorry figure. Take, for example, a case which occurred here the other day. In one of our daily papers a scurrilous attack on the priesthood at Manila was published. They were ac cused ot gross immorality and of conduct that had brought down on them the ven geance of heaven. Generally the Catholic might answer that such a state of things was impossible. That there was an Arch bishop there who was accountable to Rome, and that the care and watchfulness exercised by the Holy See rendered such a state of things incredible. This reply would satisfy the .Catholic, but for the non-Catholic it would be otherwise. " But," he would answer, " we have the word of a traveller who himself has visited the Philippines, and who gives, his per sonal experiences." The Catholic news paper — the W.A. Record — however, had contrary testimony to offer ; it had that of Manila men themselves, as well as that of a writer in an English periodical of the highest and most honourable standing. Again, we have an attack made on the Pope by the London Times, which in sub stance accuses His Holiness of being an instigator of riot and red revolution. The Catholic could reply that such a position was impossible, being violently opposed to Catholic principles, and quite out of keeping with Pope Leo's well, known character. The Record is here, however, in due time to publish the exposure that snail De maae ot tne taisenooa. meantime, it discredits tKe report by pointing out that the source whence it has emanated has been, in another notable instance, to gain its own sinister ends, wilfully calum nious and false, and that in all probability it will prove so in the present instance. Once more, we were recently given a quotation from a smart and taking Ameri can writer, in which it was represented that certain illustrious personages had sought or obtained divorces from the Holy See. But the instructed Catholic would say that was impossible because the Church does ndt permit divorce. The non- Catholic, by whom perhaps, also, the uninstructed Catholic would be misled, would reply, that exceptions were made in case of the rich or great. The Catholic newspaper, however, cited authority to show that, in the jcase mentioned, there had been no marriage, and therefore there could be no divorce. And, thus, it goes on from week to week. There are few weeks in which, although there may be no grave or virulent and wilfully ill-intended misstate ment to repel or expose, there is not some thing to correct. But it is of importance that the Church should always appear un veiled even by the slightest mist. It is of importance that every Catholic should be constantly furnished with the information necessary to enable him, not only himself clearly to understand, but to explain to others any point that may come under notice. This he can most readily be by constantly reading a Catholic paper. It will continually ' refresh his memory or supply hiui with current information. Although, too, Catholics stand generally on an equal footing with non- Catholics where social or political questions are-con cerned, .:and it is no part of the duty of- a Catholic newspaper to pursue a separate end in matters of this kind — indeed, where politics are concerned the Catholic paper as a rule must keep itself free of party — it sometimes happens that Catholic interests become involved in some particular point. It is so, for example, where education is concerned, for it will not do for Catholics to permit it to be supposed that they con sider themselves justly treated in this matter. If at any time a necessity arises for Catholics to claim or to defend some special social or political right, what are 'their means of action if they are not pro vided with their own paper ? It may be taken for granted that, under such circum stances, they shall obtain from the secular Press of all parties opposition only. If, indeed, some isolated organ more just or generous than the others gives them its support, it still has considerations that must necessarily restrict the aid it can afford. Their own special news paper is that only on which they can fully rely. But, ip a word, the Holy See never makes a vain or senseless utter ance. It was not for nothing that the late Pope — and the Pope now reigning — pointed to the Catholic Press as an institution neces sary for the times. Pope Pius IX honoured it by placing it under the protection of a patron saint — St. Francis de Sales. Pope Leo has, on several occasions, recommended it to the support of Catholics. Respect for the Holy See alone and reliance on its judgment should obtain for the Catholic newspaper all the aid Catholics can bestow upon it. Journalism is a great power. So great a power for good has it been recog nised as being that an eminent theologian has not hesitated to declare that if St. Paul — the Apostle of the nations — were now on earth he would be a, journalist. But it is also a great power for evil. The secular press, I x-epeat, although it may display no particular anti-Catholic prejudice or bigotry, is still an evil for a Catholic, if, by its exclusive reading, he sees Catholic mat ters — if he sees them at all, and has not his attention completely diverted from them — from a non-Catholic standpoint. It is impossible, under such circumstances, for him to avoid becoming careless and in different. A Catholic newspaper should be received in every Catholic household. The young should read it to fortify them against the misrepresentions of everything Catholic which they must necessarily en counter at every turn they take outside their homes. Those who are older should read it to refresh their memories, or to acquire information concerning current Catholic events. All should read it to realise the greatness and union of the Catholic world, and to sustain their interest in all that takes place there. Both to old and young the Catholic paper can not fail to present something to instruct, to encourage, and to edify. In concluding his sermon, the rev. preacher referred to the" efforts that the W. A. Record had made in the cause of Catholic education — efforts that had met with the violent opposition of the secular papers. He appealed to the members of the congregation, one and all, to give their support to the only Catholic and Irish paper they had in the colony. The subscription was a small matter, but the power of the paper was great in advancing the interests of religion, and upholding the honour of the Celtic race. He was sure that they would give the paper a hearty support, and would leave no stone unturned in the promotion of its interests. At the present time the funds were low, but this would soon be remedied if the Catholic people gave the matter thought. The Catholics would never see the organ and mouthpiece of their Church in a straitened position if f.llAV WAPA a.WA.fo Af f.llA AQQA Tha W A . Record was also an excellent medium for advertisement. We must acknowledge the liberality with which advertisers treated it. Non-Catholic firms, and men of business made no hesitation about giving tlie paper their advertisements. In return, they deserved to be liberally dealt with in their commercial relations by Catholics — who numbered one fourth of the population. If the W. A. Record obtained from the Catholics of the colony the full support it deserved from them, it would easily be enlarged and improved. Cor respondence, and contributions of various kinds could be added to it. It would be made a paper worthy of the grand old Church, whose interests r- advocated. He appealed to Catholics alt ovei West Australia to make their newspaper, the W. A. Record, worthy of the Catholic Church. 