[LD EELJ HER ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES, AND BITTER SORROWS. By WILLIAM BLACK. Author of "A Daughter of Heth," "A Princess of Thule," "Madcap Violet," "In Far Lochaber," "White Heather," "Stand Fast, Craig-Royston," "Highland Cousins," &c.;, itc. Published bj- special arrangement with the Author. Ail rights reserved.J O7iavrr.n. X X T X. —Viiu:\Tnrr.nv.. "Tupo' the morning to you, Fergus I" she called to him, above the din of the weir. " Why don't you iiowk him out?" '*1 cauna stir liim," was the answer that came back from the fisherman, who was wading deep and throwing a beautiful line. "It's because you don't fish properly!" she continued, jeering at him. "Man alive, do you call that fishing 1 Why don't you haul a yard of slack under the reel and shake out the line with the point of the rod and give the fly a chance of working? .Don't follow the fly round 1 Dear, dear 1 that i should have to come round to give you lessons." lie turned to her. "Ay, and what mischief will ye bo after this morning?" ho asked of her, with the familiarity of an old crony. "Oil, Fergus,"" she said in a burst of candor. "I would cut off my head and lay it at your feet if you could only, teach me to throw a line like that." "There's not a leddy in the north of Scot land will throw a better line than yourself, Miss Eelin," said he, with another of the long Spev easts whistling out. *"0h—oh 1" she cried. "And you know what you told General Mallock about Lily Neile 1" " I did not! I did not 1" he maintained stubbornly. " I said she would keep" longer at it, maybe. You're too impatient; and that's all the fault I've to find with ye." "Well, I wish von good luck !" she called to ] him, and then as she went on again she said to herself, " And youmiglit wish me good luck in return, Fergus, for I've much need of it." Not that she was in any way dejected about the future : she was quite the reverse of that. She had secured safety for herself — even physical safety, for had she not seen the same Archie Gilchrist take up the leg of a cane bottomed eliair and belabor a whole rabble of roughs into ignomiuous flight? Moreover, it was a kind of alliance that left her so entirely untrammelled. Briinhilde, the warrior maiden, ! could not have been left more entirely her own I mistress. And for the rest such sinister j phrases as "I generally get what I want, don't you know," seemed to have less significance now. Nay, could they not be altogether dis ' missed and forgotten ? [ Indeed as she walked along this pathway j between tile beds of pink-grey shingle and the runuing river ou the one hand and on the other the wide fields and the far shining uplands one might have guessed her to be "fey." Light headed she appeared to be as well as light hearted, for with an immeasurable pathos she was reciting to herself— " I wish X w ere where Eelin lies ; Night anil day on me she cries; i Oh, that I were where Eelin lies On fair Kirkconnell lee." And then it was (the empty brain careering about anywhere)— " Hard fate that X should banished be And rebel called with scorn, For serving of the kindest prince That ever yet was born. " 0 ' my king—God save my king 1 Whatever me befall! I would not be in 11 unity's ease I'or honors, lands, and all." And then again it was—while the oxen in the ' meadow were staring at her with their great, soft, eqiiuiring eyes. " hut let them say or let them dae, It's a' ane to me ; j For he's low- doon, he's in the brooin That's waiting for me. Waiting for me, my love, lie's waiting for me ; For he's low doon, lie's in the broom That's waiting for me." Only when she drew near the house she had to put a curb oil her rodomontade, for she per c.eive.d that the blinds of her mother's bed room were still lowered and what her scattered wits had now to concentrate themselves upon was the question of arranging the most seductive breakfast she could frame for the poor in valid ; hot and strong tea to begin with ; then a fried egg, with the yolk thin and hard and yet not altogether hard, and just touched with cayenne, the white of the egg crisp and brown and alluring with a sprinkling of grey pepper; the garniture some sprays of watercress steeped in vinegar. Then there was a particular kind of phlox, the extremely delicate scent of which her mother was fond of, and she thought she would go on into the garden to gather a few bunches; so that when she went into the sick-room she would he carrying with her a breath of the sweet out side air. But she had not gone past the laurel bushe3 when she suddenly drew up ; she heard voices and through tire leaves she could see that Morag had brought out a row of boots and shoes to polish hero in tlio open, while old Maxwell, having delivered his consignment of garden produce, was engaging her in conver sation. And Miss Eelin wondered whether the Mull lass would remember the instruc tions she had received. "Ay, and wha ur ye this inornin'V" Max well asked of her in his Lowland tongue. " I am thinking I am myself," the Highland girl replied. " And who else wouid I be, I wonder " It's little ye ken," he answered, partly in scorn, partly in pity. "Yo're a puircrayture and ye cahna understand ; I've tellt ye again and again, but the doctrine of the transmotion of souis is beyond ye " "Fery well, then," said Morag sharp!}-, " and if you are the biack murderer you say, why are you not giving yourself up and going to be hanged?" "Woman, woman, ye eanna comprehend— is it no possible for your iuteileck to compre hend ? David Haggart was executed at Edinburgh the 18th of July, 1S2L; ye wadua hae twa men hanged for the same crime, and I declare tae you there was 110 intent on my pairt to murder onybody. Indeed there was not. I had got the bag with a stane iu't; I'll 110 deny that, but I hit the jileronly wanciowt wi't, and then I rushed across the yard and pulled the dub from my elov and opened the outside door. It was days et'ter before I kent that the jiler was deed. I was hidin' in some I lay and I heard a woman asking a boy if the lad that had broken oot o' Dumfries file was catched yet, and ho said 'No, but the jiler deed last nicht at 10 o'clock.' Dod, that was a fearsome thing to hear ; that was a different business i'rae snibbing alii from a conish cove's suck——" " Yes, and what will all that beenquired Morag, with a supercilious air. "Ay, they dinna ken everything in Mull!" he retorted with a grim facetiousness. " They're no very gleg at the uptak, ur they? It's a wise man that can follow his nose, but they ha vena learnt that yet in Tobermory, or tliey wouldna be aye tummeliu into the harbor. Oh, they're a line set, the Tobermory duels, keepiu' up the New Year till the 15th o' De cember, and beginnin' again on the 10th. I heard tell there was ymce a sober man dis covered i' the streets o' Tobermory ; but they didna ken what to do wi' him, so they sent him to a lunatic asylum " Of a sudden Morag uttered three piercing shrieks, and her arm was outstretched and her gaxe was fixed 011 some distant point beyond the washing green. "Look! look! look!" she cried. "It's the ghost of tiie Dumfries chiller ! It's the ghost of the murdered man." ! Now, in ordinary cold blood old Maxwell j would not have allowed hiinseif to he deceived j by the cantrips of this Mull idiot; but her yells had startled him out of his senses; in voluntarily he wheeled round to see what the terrible tiling was, and at the same moment Morag, using tho only weapon she happened to have handy—which was the blacking brush—struck him fair and full between the shoulders aud that with a force that sent him staggering forward on all fours. What hap pened next the Mull lass did not stay to ob serve. She had fulfilled her instructions; only she did not know that, as she swiftly picked up the boots and shoes and tied for refuge to the housekeeper's room, there was some one else besides herself who was in fits of laughter—and that was a young lady con cealed behind some laurel hushes. The great bunches of phlox—sosweet and cool in their delicate perfume—were most welcome to tiie weary-eyed invalid ; she cared less for the suggestion about tl-.e fried egg and the hot tea; she seemed to prefer the dumb twilight of the blinds being down, and the gracious quiet: wiiile her daughter's voice as she sto!e about the room, was .as soft as velvet. So the day passed somehow, aud then in the afternoon a visitor arrived whom Eelin went down to receive, with apologies for her mother's absence. The visitor was Lord Mountmahon and tie appeared to be laboring under some sense of injury. "Ob, really, now, reaily, really," said he, "I never was s j badly treated in all my life. Do you think I'd have gone to that twopenny halfpenny kick-up unless 011 the understanding you were to be there'.' Why, everybody was saying you would be the queen of the bail! Yes, and there I was—there I was—waiting and watching—waiting and watching—but. whereAvere you"; What made the assembly shine? Well, the assembly didn't shine—not much. Aud of'course I must fall into the hands.of the old cat Lady Griilesmere ; and I'll be hanged if she hasn't got fifteen thousand nieces—well, to be strictly honest and accurate, Til take oil a thousand—and Til be dashed if she hasn't got fourteen thousand niece3—and ail of them have sandy hair and all of them squint; and may I never if I hadn't to dance with every man-jack of them " "Oh, I'm so sorry, Lord Mountmahon," said Eeiiu somewhat inappropriately ; but she did not heed much what she said ; she was less afraid now of the potboy- looking young man. " Yes, you may very well think that," he answered her, commiserating himself. "All sagdy-Iiaired, all squint-eyed—twenty thousand of them I believe there were, and the old cat was inexorable. One down, t'other come on—not a minute's time for a cigarette and a whisky-and-soda, aud me looking for you all tiie time. Why, of course, the queen of the ball—tin; queen of the bail, they said—and I will confess to you that I did hear my name coupled with yours. Rather gratifying, den't you know—a happy omen. Yes, there was more than one little "Oh, indeed," said Eelin, with the big young eyes staring. Who had dared in su public a way to mention her name iu conjunc tion with tins microcephalous lout? "Ah, never mind," said he, with great satisfaction. " We'il make up for it to- night. Better late than never—no crying over spilt milk—and that's my motto. And mind you save all the barndoors lor me. Miss Eeun." " But I am not going to the ball to-night, Lord Mountmahon," said she. "What!" he exclaimed. "Oh, but that's nonsense: you certainly are; 1 can't be cheated, twice running—everyone mentioning names—and forecasting a little event, tjueen of the ball, that's what you arc going to be; and we'll just show them what a barndoor is like when we put a iittie swag into it. Why, bless my soul, not going to-night " " My mother is not well; I mean to stay at home—:—" " Stuff aiid nonsense !" he said, with gay good-humor. "Your staying at home won't make your mother any better. Why, what do you suppose I'm in Invernish for? Do you suppose I came here to teet >tumis round Ladv Grillesmere's thirty thousand sandy-haired nieces? Why, I'm supposed to be entertaining a house party at Kinvaig ; and do you imagine I don't know what they'll be up to the moment my back is turned ? But I do know—yes 1 do. Off to the hill they go— and not one of them able to hit a haystack— and they blaze and blaze—my cartridges, mind—oh, yes they take precious good care of that—hundreds and hundreds ordered out from Watson, in Inglis-street—all to my account—and they blaze and blaze—and the keepers driven mad—and the dogs demoralised —and the ground spoilt—and at the end of the day an old grey hen or a^solitary curlew to show for the lot of'em. Yes, and netting the pools—ah, but I know—I'm up to their tricks "Then why do you invite people of that kind ?" Miss Lei in asked, naturally enough. "They're such comical devils!" he pro tested. "They keep things going—firing ahead—getting a rise out of someoue—plenty of gammon and spinach. Lor that's my motto: always on the do. You only live once ; bless my soul, what's the use of getting down below the daisies prematurely?—you'll be there long enough. Keep on the do ; that's my motto. Why, there's little Teddy Hicks— I must bring him here some day—oh, yes, I will—just make you die of laughing—his description of a fellow proposing to a girl and finding his nose begin to bleed—in a blue funk, of course—lost his handkerchief—I tell you, it's the funniest thine—I've seen a whole dinner table in fits. And talking of a proposal—no, no, my dearest girl, don't you look frightened !—I'm content to wait. It's quite true I never take no for an answer —what's the good—but I'm not an early Christian persecutor ; I would rather let the little idea simmer in your mind till you get to | see how reasonable it is. And if I haven't the gift of the gab there's one thing I do know— you'd find yourself dashed well looked after. Alt, wouldn't you, though ! Your mother tells me you've never been in Brighton. Good gracious, to think of such a thing ! Bless me, | the very centre of life—the very centre of everything that's worth anything—the King's road—the Old Ship—a slap-up suite of rooms —sunshine galore—the coaches coming and going—tootle-too all the morning—old pals waving you a hand—bless me—good gracious —why, chat's life '. Keep things moving. No stagnation for this infant. Why, I'd rather be dead and buried right off tho reel than have to crawl and crawl to the grave. Miss Eelin, I can see you on the first floor of the Old Ship look ins out. Oh. I know the wince : trust me : you trust mo ; if I can't order a ripping little lunch for the two of us then take niu away and fling rue into the nearest horsepond. And j you're coining to that ball to-night. Yes, you ; are. Your mother's sure to be better by then. I'll be waiting for you—now mind. All the barndoors and we'll sit out the lancers—and the waltzes too if you like ; and we'll make it a perpetual bun fight for old Mother Helms dale. And as for the fifteen thousand three hundred and forty-seven sandy-haired nieces j of Lady Grillesmere, don't you see I've polished them off already—waiting for you, that's what it was—and now you've got to I make it up to me, for fair play's a jewel— j and you're not going to cheat mo to-night again " At this moment the drawing-room door was opened and Miss Lily Neile was announced, j whereupon—after some further insistence that Eelin must not fail him at the ball— Mounfc mabon took his departure. "Oh. Eelin, is it true !" cried Lily Neile. "Is what true?" Eelin made answer—and the proud lips were not the less proud. " Why, what every one is saying—about you and Lord Mount-matron !" " I cannot help them saying what they choose to say," responded Eelin of the eyes like a blue sea-wave, "but—but—at least I—I considered you were my friend. And you could think that of me?" At which there was a mutual breaking down and much cf bugging and kissing and protestation and tears, for this girl, high spirited as she might be, perhaps was not quito so confident about the future as she pre tended to herself. 