Divers and Sharks. SOME THRILLING EXPERIENCES. Divers who have been down in foreign seas tell of oxciting encounters with sharks. But it appears that “the demon of the sea,” with all its voracity, is a little timid in presence of the strange creature that wears a shining helmet, with the eye of a Gorgon and a: long plume of hissing air-bubbles. A diver who spent some years in the Aus tralian pearl fisheries describes in this way his first encounter with a shark: —“I felt instinctively,” ho says, “a strange presence before I saw anything. The small fish usually found in groat numbers among the corals had entirely disappeared, and the ab sence of these flitting little companions, when one has become accustomed to .them, pro duces the effect of intense stillness; ‘‘A creepy, indefinable sensation of dread took hold of me, and it became one of downright terror when I turned and saw*, within ten feet of me, the bulk of an im mense shark. The creature lay nbnost motionless, half-hidden among a mass of cobweb corallines. My first thought was to bo pulled up ; but as fish have human nature enough to want a thing as soon as they see it is being token away from them I rejected the idea. A sweep of ils tail, and the great fish and I were face to face. “Holding my breath, I stood perfectly still, my heart beating wildly and my eyes rivotted on the wicked- eyes and cavernous mouth of the shark. I felt that the monster •was inspecting me with some curiosity, and after a tow moments I became aware that by an almost imperceptible motion of its flexible toll it was gradually nnjir-inch ing me. Nearer and nearer came the Icvia than, the shovel-shaped nose pointing directly to- my face-gloss. Flesh and bicod could stand it no longer, and with a yell T threw up my arms. .Instantly there was a swirl of water, a cloud of mud, and my enemy vanished.” Another shark story, this time from the West Indies. “A large steamer,” the dr- r relates, “had struck on a reef and then slipped olf into deep water, taking with her the mails and a valuable cargo. There wore some jiapers that wore particularly wanted, and I was in the chart- room under tlie bridge working for thorn when suddenly as I turned I saw the wicked snout of a big* bruto between mo and the door I went creepy all over, t can tell you. But I kept still and so did he, except that ho worked a fin lazily, like a screw steamer holding on against a lido. 1 got the knife in. my. belt loose, and waited. The shark evidently did not know what to make of me, and gradually drifted over to the other side of'lnc room. I began then to move towards the door when the shark made a sudden rush in Mio st.mo direction —and, disappeared. Which of us got the bigger fright I don’t know.* 5 But encounters with sharks don't always end so. $omo years ago an English diver, who was at work on a sunken wreck off the island of Diego Garcia, had a visit from the same shark ©very day for a week. At first ho had no trouble in scaring it away. It was enough if ho gave a turn to the escape-valve in his helmet and lot ont a little air. But at the ond of the week it had become very troublesome. The diver signalled for a knife and n looped rope, and then boldly hold out In’s bare hand an a bait to the shark. The monster came on with a rush and was turning on its back when ho was stabbed by the diver, who then passed the loop round its body and ,sqnt it up to tho surface. A cool head should certainly bo included in tho equip ment of a man who seeks to earn his broad in the sea. The story is told of a diver who saw two ghoto “ful fathom ’ five” under 1 the surface. Ho had gone down to tho wreck of a largo steamer, and ivas crossing tho main saloon'when too grey shapes of onor /nous size came shambling towards him. Ho did not wait'to make notes for the Psychical Society, but gave tho danger signal and was It brico pulled up; TokI in the cheerful light bf day,- It seoiricd rathor-a h.mo story; and another diver wont down to soil what ho could m*iko of it. Towards him also enmo the shambling gray shapes.; Ho stood irresolute for-amomont, and then; going boldly forward,! struck his hotchbt through—n mirrorj .The ghosts, woro only a dim rbuocfcion of his own logs anuoh enlarged, of course, as everything hi that a divOi* secs through the groat from toil eyo bf his holniot. •’ v - ! Miss Adept (with' friendly ; interest)— Boon playing golf; di ? What did you do it "in? Miss ■ Firat-timo-’round—Do it: in? ■Oh, my black Incyole-skirt arid shirt-waist: ’ Hoax-—Why do you call Colonel Wnr bluff’a wife a poach ? She’s nob handsome. Joax—No ; but sho gets around thtf kernel bo easily tmd naturally. 