our new york letter. FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT. NEW YORK, 31st December. (( As the old year passes away it rings out Prosperity for the United States," and the new year will re-echo tlie ring into 1898. (statistics of tlie Treasury department show a general increase in the value of imported and exported goods for tbe month of No- leiiuier ami for the eloveu months of the current calendar year. The exports of mer chandise in November amounted to 110,630,290 dol., as compared with 109,072,839 dol. in November, 1896, and the imports to 52,958,051 dob, as against 50,043,288 dob for the same mouth last year. During the last eleven months the exports were valued at 074,012,895 dob,, an increase of 85,961,580 dob over the amount for the same months in 1896\. The imports were valued at 691,091,090 dol., an increase of 68,492,194 dob over those lor the first eleven months of last year. In quantities, com exports show a gain, of 55,000,000 bushels for eleven months over last year; oats gained upwards of 19,000,000 bushels, and wheat more than 21,000,000 bushels. Truly this has been the American fanners' year. The exports of breadstuffs, cotton, mineral oils and provisions, compris ing about 08 per cent, of the total exports for the month of November, were valued at 82,323,699 dob, which is nearly 5,500,000 dob greater than those for the previous month, nnd over 6,000,000 dob greater than those for November last year. The greatest increase is in breadstuffs, the exports for November, 1807, exceeding those for the same month last year by 9,477,724 dob, while tlio value of cotton for the corre sponding months shows a falling off, owing to a decrease in the price, of 4,000,000 dob, notwithstanding an increase in quantity of 84,000,000 lb. For tlie eleven months ended 30th November the exports of the four articles named were valued at 59S,206,090 dob, as against 553,099,512 dol.' for the cor responding period of the previous year, and 450,S2S,901 dob for 1895. Another indication of prosperity is the post office. The receipts of the depart ment are regarded as a barometer by which the business situation can he accurately gauged. When jliey are increasing tlie busi ness world is doing well; when they de crease, business is 011 the downward path, the increases in November ran from 1 to nearly 30 per cent. The best showing was 111 ado by St. Joseph, Mo., an increase from 9-01 dob to 12,609 dob, or 20.7 per cent. New Lork, as usual, had the largest in crease, amounting to 105,545, or 16.6 per cent. The receipts for the 50 largest offices were as follows: — Total receipts, 3,327,868 dob; for November, 1806, 2,945,315 dob; in crease, 382,553 dob, or 12.4 per cent. American competition for trade in foreign countries will become keener than ever, but not in the manner adopted in England, where all the important chambers of com merce have contributed towards the cost of sending a commercial missionary to- South America. He will probably start at the be ginning of the year, and it will be his busi- liess to preach commercial sermons extolling the goodness of British wares anil tlie wick edness of all others. Relying upon tlio in herent justice of his cause and tlio palpable honesty of his purpose, he will cany no samples. Here we are anunging to send nu merous missionaries, all armed with sam ples, and catalogues printed in foreign lan guages. Even in West Africa the British merchants are likely to come across the lankee, despite the scheme for a great com bination of London, Liverpool and Glasgow firms, wiio propose to put up capital where with to trade breech cloths to the African nigger. Cotton is cheap, and large stocks of cotton cloth aro awaiting a market in the United States. President M'Kinley's mother, Airs. Nancy Allison AI'Kinley, died at 2 a.m. on I2th December. She was unconscious to the end, and her death was painless. For half an hour before she died her body seemed inani mate. It was impossible to note the exact moment at which life became extinct. Tlie President was keeping tho vigil when the end approached, and lie summoned the other members of tho family. Nancy Alli son AI'Kinley was born on 23nd April, 1809. She came of Scotch Covenanter stock, of a branch of the Allison family, who loft their Scotch homes to seek religious free dom in America. She was married at the age of 22, and spent the early yenrs of her married life at Niles, Ohio, where Presi dent AI'Kinley was born. He was her seventh child. "Alother" AI'Kinley brought up her family on old fashioned principles. She wns.a woman of strong character and strong religious faith. For 20 years before her son's election to the Presidency she had expressed a belief, that he would some time occupy the White House. She attended the inauguration, and listened to her son's ad dress. On the 5th of July last, while the President was visiti.ng his mother at Can ton, she tripped and fell, cutting a gash in her forehead. She had tho wound sewed up without an aiuestliotic aud without a com plaint. Airs. AI'Kinley lost her husband in 1889, when ho died at the age of 85. Her daughter had cared for her during her clos ing years. Airs. M'Kinley's fatal illness was tlio result of a paralytic stroke, which occurred 10 days before her death. Congress, now in session, is likely to pass an Immigration Bill. It provides that all persons over 16 years old who cannot read una write the English language, or some other language, shall be turned back to the countries whence they came. Exception is made in the cases of parents and grand parents over 50 years old who have grown children in this country capable of sup porting them. It is also provided that a wife, or a minor child, not able to read and write, may accompany, or may be sent for to conic and join, a husband or parent qualified and callable. Cuban refugees are not to be subjected to any test during the continuance of the present disorders 011 the island. Senator Lodge, who introduced tho bill, argues that his measure will tell exclusively on the most undesirable classes. No mea sure, he says, can be devised which will draw the line with absolute impartiality, but tho percentage of desirable immigrants to be excluded by tho Lodge bill will be reduced to a minimum. The most desirable immigrants are from the United Kingdom and Germany, hut, relatively, immigration from these two sourcesis declining rapidly in comparison with immigration from Italy and from the Slavic countries of Russia, Poland and Hungary. It is pointed out again that races like the Germans, Scandi navians, Bohemians, Frcnoli and English, who would bo little affected by an educa tional test, largely go west. The illiterate races, such as Hungarians, Galicians and Italians remain to lower the standard.of the already overcrowded Atlantic territory. The political "spoilsmen" are out against the civil service law, which prevents whole sale changes of appointees in the public ser vice with every change in the Administra tion. The present law works well, and is adapted after the English and Australian systems, but politicians urge its repeal, or at least its modification, to restrict its operations within tlie scope originally in tended for it by its authors— to the clerical force in the department's in Washington, and to the postal service. Several times in the latter part of President Cleveland's second term the civil service commission urged him to make the extensions, and ap prove the construction given to the rules in regard to the power of dismissal by Presi dent AI'Kinley. President Cleveland re fused to the end, saying that the law was not intended to go to the lengths the com mission advocated, and' was not susseptible to the construction referred to. There is great excitement throughout Texas over reports of tlie richness of recent gold finds on Indian Creek. One assay of ore just made ran 4750 dol. to tlie toil. Over 200 claims have been staked off, and prospectors are rushing to. the place. Sir Wilfrid Laurier is amazed at the -proportions which the im migration movement toward the KJc-ndike is assuming all over the world. From official information ho was of opinion that it would largely exceed any estimate hitherto made. The Canndiun Government finds itself face to fnee with a possible situa tion little dreamed of a few months ago. Although gold has been mined in the Yukon for some years, the news of the richness of tlmt region was , unknown until Inspector Constantino gave it to the world last spring. Captain At'Gregor, of the British steam ship Glenlochy, which is ntTncomn, arrived from Japan, reports that coal experts who have been making investigations of Japan's conl supply declare that it canuot last 50 years longer. This is causing much uneasi ness, and has resulted in increased importa tions from Australia. Captain At'Gregor re ports that coal prices in Japanese ports have advanced 40 per cent, in 8 months, nnd that restrictions have been placed upon its sale to foreign steamers. lie wanted to load 1200 tons to last him to Europe, but obtained only enough for the voyage to Taconia. China 1ms coal mines, hut tho officials will not yet permit their develop ment. - ' Russia is making gigantic improvements at A'lndivostock preparatory to its opening next year. Captain At'Gregor toys that tlie Russians now regard it only as a fortress, not courting coipmerce. He could not obtain a bill of health for his steamer until the Russian admiral commanded his physician to give him one. Seven years have been taken up in tho construction of one of the world's greatest dry docks at Vlndivostock. It is 550 feet long, 90 feet wide, 30 feet deep, cut out of the solid rock bluff. Alagnificent stone terminal docks are building for the trans-Siberian railway. Alilitary camps occupy the surrounding heights, and 8000 soldiers are stationed at nnd near the city. Torture contests, sometimes called six-day bicycle races through courtesy, are not like ly to bo repeated in New York. Tlie inhu manity displayed in tho recent race in Aladi- soil- square Garden lias brought upon such sport condemnation from nil quarters. Phy sicians add their testimony to the general protest, and now the law makers come for ward and stand prepared to sound the knell of ap exhibition which brings strong men to the verge of lunacy. After six days of phenomenal riding Charles Aliller, of Chi cago, won the big bicycle race. In the pre sence of fully 10,000 wildly enthusiastic per sons ho finished tlie journey as if lie had only been travelling for a few limit's. 11c had been cleanly shaved in the morning, aud in the afternoon, he appeared in a new costume, so that he showed practically 110 signs of his terrible ordeal. Since he first mounted his wheel six days before he had enjoyed only eight hours of sleep, and hud been off the truck a total of 9 hours and 45 minutes. Tlie track ou which the men rode was measured by two surveyors, aud their figures confirmed the rumors that the course was short. The track wus said to be nine laps to the mile, and the management weut so far as to prepare an affidavit to that ef fect, which tlio builder of the track was asked to sigu. That a discrepancy of 277.20 feet uninten tionally could have been made in a mile seems incredible. That discrepancy existed, nevertheless, as was shown by two engi neers. They measured 18 inches from the pole, and found that the course was 555.86 feet in circumference. According to tiiis basis Aliller rode in tlie six days 1983 miles 8S5 yards, while Rice covered 1020 miles 223 yards, Suliiimeer 1890 miles 1237 yards, and Hale, who finished fourth, 1819 miles 605 yards. Aliller thus breaks Hale's 1S96 re cord by more tliau 73 miles. Aliller got the largest share of the prize money, 1500 dol.y 200 dol. of this was awarded for breaking- the record. Rice, who landed in second place, got 800 dol.; Schinneer, third, got 500 .1J1' '„f0Urtl1' 350 doL; Waller, fifth, 300 dol.; Pierce, sixth, 200 dol.; Golden seventh, 150 dol.; Gannon, eighth, 125 dol Lntinan, ninth, 100 dol.; Ellces, tenth, 100 dol.; and Rivcrre, eleventh, 75 dol. Julius, Moore and Beacon received 50 dol for re maining on the track. Gray and Johnson got nothing. A majority of the competitors are out of pocket 011 tho week's work. This they ray, is the result of the small prizes, only those landing among the first three having a ghost of a show of taking anything ,w,faGlB' tlle Welshman, has just defeated Chase, an Englishman, with case in a 30 mile race, Michaels covering the dig- tance in 64 min. 5 145th sec., aud 26 laps ahead of Chase. 1 It is reported that the White Star line has contracted for all its cattle space prac tically, to the New York shippers of cattle. arrangement is satisfactory to the shin- pcrs, hut it is said that some of tlie steam- a .up companies do not feel so cheerful over the matter. About a month ago William Howeii, representing an English syndicate, contracted for all the eattle room ou the principal trans-Atlantic lines. That left shippers here 110 facilities. At the time tlio arrangement was made with the White Star and Atlantic transport lines, it was re ported that the Wilson and Furness-Leyden hue had contracted for all its space for 1898 to D. .li. Sherman, of Jersey City; that tlie Bristol companies' space had been taken by Pritchard, Aloore and Cruit, of England, and that the space of tlie , several Boston lines had been contracted for also. That left N civ A. ojk s two largest shippers practically without space. The contracts with Air. Bower were made at the rate of 40s. per head, which tlie steamship companies said was higher than offered to American ex porters. It was predicted that the new ar rangement would be disastrous to the cattle export trade, as it would result in an in creased number of vessels for export, greater competition and au over supply of eattle in the foreign markets. This may have some bearing on Australian shipments of meat to England. 