ANOTHER COMFORTER By die .Rev. F. B. Meyer, M.A Church, 'Westminster. Chris And 1 win pray the Father, and He shall give you another Comforter.—John 14, 16. “Another Comforter,” or Paraclete the Master said. The Church has two advo cates, the one with the Father in Hea ven; the other in her midst, “for we have Hjjeen builded together as an habitation of God through the Spirit.” “Ye,” said the Apostle, speaking of the Church col lectively, “are the temple of the Holy Ghosh” When the one advocate went up, the other came down to be to each believer and to the whole Church, all . that the Lord Jesus would have been had the ministry of the 40 days been in definitely prolonged. THIS IS THE SECRET OF PRAYER. By the Spirit in the heart, we are brought into living sympathy with the Saviour on the throne, and we naturally ask for those things which it is the will of God to give. Of course, as the Church is made up of individual believers, tle^immanence of the Divine Spirit in the whole depends on His immanence in each. And His in dwelling in any individual spirit is ne cessarily productive of all manner of Christ-forming, sin-destroying, grace producing results. Holiness is the in evitable outcome of the indwelling of the Holy Ghost when He is permitted entire and undisputed, supremacy. Of these our space forbids more than this mere mention, as we wish only to ^numerate the special functions of the Spirit of God in respect of the Church’s mission in the world. THE ANOINTING FUNCTION. Here, too, there is a remarkable parallel between the experiences of Christ and of His Churclj. Not only was He conceived of the Holy Ghost, but when the long preparatory period has passed, He was anointed for His work as the great Ser vant of God. He stooped to associate Himself with sinners by submitting to baptism in the waters of Jordan, and immediately the Spirit of God, who had been in Him. descended upon Him, and He was able to say, “The Spirit of ' the Lord is upon Me, be cause he hath anointed Me to preach.” This was our Saviour’s Pentecost, the hour in which He was endued with power, and was filled by the Spirit, not by measure, but in il limitable abundance. Similarly, when the Church was essay ing to undertake her great mission to the world, to preach the Gospel to the poor, to proclaim liberty to the captive, the opening of the prison, to the bound, she. too, was anointed for her work. Not a step might she stir, though the world was knocking at her doors, till she had been thus endued with power from on high. Ever since then, the Risen Christ has been ANOINTING AND ENDUING MEN. The oil which has been so copiously pour ed on the head ol our Aaron descends to each fragment of His sacred dress that claims the sacred chrism. The Lord received the Holy Ghost as an individual at the Jordan, but He received Him again, so Peter tells us. when He as cended up on high, and this time as our Head and Representative (Acts ii. 33). He has been infilled that He may infil,' anointed that He may anoint, endued that He may endue. Though in all this I it must be remembered that we are not' now touching oh His Divine Nature, but on His office as the High Priest of His Church. As a river pouring over a mountain-side fills the large tarns and lakes below, so the nature of God pours into the Divine human nature of the Son. and it by the Spirit into all hearts that by faith claim His infilling. HIS ADMINISTERING FUNCTION. Throughout the Book of the Acts, we find that the Holy Ghost is the prime mover and administrator. He said to Peter, “Three men seek for thee, go with them. I have sent for them;” He said “Separate me Barnabas and Saul;” He controlled the movements of the Apostle, “the Spirit of Jesus sintered tncm not, Tie was so evidently present in the Church, that the first official document ran thus: “It seems good to the Holy Ghost, and to us.” He struck down those that lied against His Divine Ma jesty. These are instances out of many. Indeed, there is r.ot a. chapter in the Acts which doss not contain some refer ence to the administrative function of the Holy Ghost. And what was true of the early Church has been true in the history of the universal Church in every age, and. might he true of each separate one. My heloved friend, the late Dr. Gordon, to long talks willi whom on this.subject I owe so much, once told me that in his earlier ministry ho was more anxious to administer and guide his church than in later years. Ho found that he was at tempting work which the Holy Spirit could do better. It was enough, there fore, to preach perpetually on the work ! of the Holy Spirit, to keep Ills people's minds directed towards it, and to be lieve that the Spirit Hhns-lf would ener gise through tlie church to the perfect realising of all its'possibilities. THE CO-OPERATING FUNCTION. A scientific lecturer often employs the sendees of a demonstrator, who, by the experiments he performs, or tiu; figures lie chalks on the blackboard, presents to the eye wha.t the speaker is presenting to the ear. This co- operation 'is like the double lens of the binocular glass, and the impression of the conjoint wit ness is proportionnUJy great. So. ever since the day of Pentecost, when a ser vant of Christ has stood up in the right condition of soul, and in believing Vel- • lo thip with the Divine Spirit, he has b<;c.-n a fellow-ivitnsss to the Gospel. “We are witnesses of these things, and SO is also the Holy Ghost.” Whilst the servant of God is elaborat ing and enforcing the truth disclosed to him through the Bible, at the moment that ho is' speaking the Spirit of God is at work, convicting of sin, righteousness and judgment; de monstrating tile truth of uliat is ad vanced, and driving the arrow home in. tile joints of the harness. It is a. mis take, therefore, to argue for the Gospel; it is better far to bear witness to it. This is our function. “Ye shall he wit nesses unto Me." But it is highly im portant that we present Christ in His Gospel. The Spirit is not bound to add His testimony to aught else. Not to bursts of eloquence; nor to reams of essays on the last strike, nor to pliil nsopliy and science, but to the truth as it is in Jesus, is the Spirit responsive. If once a man learns lo rely on this, it. makes him wonderfully calm and still: His fury and passion will not bo of avail, but if he really knows “the corn-' munion,” or partnership, “of tiie Holy Spirit," that will answer all. I-IIS UPBUILDING FUNCTION. Between the first and second Advents God is formulating a new humanity. The Head was constituted in the Incarnation, hut especially in the death and resurrec tion of the second Adam. The body is being added, soul by soul. It is worth our while to give full meaning to the phrase, “Believers were the more added i to the Lord” (Acts v„ 14). They were, : of course, added to the Church, I.ul be fore that they hud been added to the Lord. They were added to the Church . because they had been added to the Lord., p This is a special function of the Holy ; Spirit to attract and draw men to the . Hea.d. He does this through the > Church. Thus the Body of Christ is being built up. In the purpose of Godi we may say, as David did of his natural body, “In Thy book ail my members were written, which in continuance were fashioned.” That is the point; the mem bera of the Lora's mystical' body arts' - c being fashioned in continuance; and a a each new fragment is added, it becomes r, the vehicle or channel through which j the energy of the Holy Ghost passes to ineorporate still more. e HIS REVEALING FUNCTION. The one aim of the Blessed Spirit is . to glorify the Saviour, as the aim of the e Saviour was to glorify the Father. The i very expressions chat were applicable ini 1 this connection to the Lord are equally, . so to the Spirit. Compare, for instance,. ,r these two remarkable sentences: “I have t not spoken from Myself,” and “He shall i not speak from Himself.” 1 If we may so sneak, the Holy Spirit l shrinks from drawing attention to Him \- seif. He is gladdest when all the light that I-Ie can focus shines full on the face . -of Jesus, and men are taken up with ; Him. All that detracts from the pre j -eminence of Christ in the heart- life and ; thought-life of His people is an immense 1 grief to Him whose mission is to glorify Him by taking of the things that are 1 His, and revealing them to those who 2 love. The life which is most pervaded 3 by the Spirit of Jesus will have most of \- the beauty of His character reflected in. \- it. And the spirit which is really Spirit f filled will talk more of the Lord Jesus * than of the Gracious Agent, wiio.se joy \- is to reveal Him, and to be himself un 