BISHOP'S HOME MISSION SOCIETY. THE ANNUAL MEETING. WORK OF THE SOCIETY. The annual meeting of the Bishop's Homo Mission Society was held at the Town Hall on Thursday, July 2.S. There was a crowded at tendance, und the Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Harrner) presided. There were also on the platform the Bishop of Melbourne (L-r. Ooe), tho Minister of Education (Hon. K. Biit.er), and the Dean of BaUarat (Rev. N. Lindon Parkyn). His Excellency the Governor, ac companied by Lady Victoria Biixton, Mrs. Goe, Miss and Miss M. Buxton, and Mr. Charles Buxton were present, as were also tlie Ciiief Justice and Mr.-. Way and Mrs. Harmer. The annual report of the organising chaplain stated in lei' alia: — ''Tho financial operations of the year commenced with a credit balance of t'l'jf Ha- Hd., and ended with a deficit of £'2'J !'s. Sd. The society has great reason to be thankful that during the trying time of drought, now we trust happily passed by, no clergyman has had to be removed from his post, nor has aiiy mission been abandoned, but the resounds of the society have been strained to their very utmost, and the mission clergy in the outlying tiistricla havo been in preat straitb through the failure of local contributions. Annual sub scriptions amount to k'22h. In 18!'O they were £-40. Donations for the year are : — General, £128; special (Ktona fund), t'.'i? ; total, £10.'i, as compared with £215 last year. Annual collection?, £302 ; last year, ±.'.2:11. The capital ioan Kind is £-V-l~ ; the interest for tht year received was £1-17, v. inch 13 carried to income account (particulars of loans mide and repaid Tv-ill be found on pp. ~M) and :--). The total re payment of loans was i!i!7u. The Kev, T. Ward's connection with the society as mis sionary anJ supply chaplain will u-i'ininalc with the month of April. Mr. Ward has ever been ready to undertake and lias cheerfully and punctiliously carried | out the varied duties which fell to him. j Ilcv. F. W. Wilkinson, of the Givat Norlhsi-n IMUaion, hum workod on untiringly and mi- ) ceasingly during tho drought in the 1'ar North. His work amongst tho ft-\v remaining and scattered settlers, and inoro especially amongst tho railway employes, has liotn and j is much appreciated by them, and is bearing i fruit. It Is' to be hoped that he will be able to I continue bis work for another year. llov. | W. J. Bushell, of lho J'uriay Kiver I Mission, in spite of drawbacks in the ! shape of divupht and lowis.-js of w.iter I in tho Murray (which compelled hiui for some time to carry on his u'ori; by land) has been able to koep up lus accustomed visi tations. It is iniicii to be desired that a second priest should bo placi-d u.t JNhisr-iy ]!iidge to take chaige of the lower Murray. This would .set the launch free fcr wurk on the upper river oniy, and would .saw some them sands of miles of steaming dming the yi-ar. During tho year tho boiler of the launch V.coua gave way entirely, and has been replaced by a new o:ie at a cost | of £W. Towards this the bishop lias ad- j vanced the sum of £10 collected by him iu | England, private subscriptions amount to iX'.j, I but the balauct: is F-t ill unprovided lor. It is I greatly to bu desired that the present launch j bhould be replaced l;y ;-? puddle-boat of less ? draft, which would uoi be subject to (It-lay lor ; want of suQicient water, but this would involve a further outlay of about £200. During tho past year up to the. lime of bis ordination Air. i''. H. King w.cr working; ? in tlie missions at Enfield anJ Islington. | Mr. Ilitehsox was appointed catechist at ? Franklin Harbor on the removal of i'ev. A. S. j Dcndy to l'ort Germein, and Rev. W. CJook, I who is in chargo of the inis:-son, speaks highly ' fji his work. Since then Mr. A. Webb has ', been placed to work under tho Kev. .1. l«. | Pitcher, and Mr. Hall to taki: the post formerly | occupied by ltcv. I'. H King. Kangaroo Island ? has breu placed under the eburye ol Canon ' Samwi'll, who will work it fm:u the i'ort i with t!ie assistance of an additional curate. In consequence of the resignation ot Llov. A. K. Chignell, lato assistant-curate of Hr. GeorgeV, Gawler — who has. gone to England on leave — it has been found necessary to allord the. rector clerical assistance iu carrying on the Gawler .South and Barossa goldfields mission. ? Streaky Iiay is the only mission station at present unoccupied, hut it is Imped that a | resident catechi.st will shortly b-; appointed ] to succeed Rev. 1'. R. Moiv.e, who lias accepted tho assistant ? curacy of All Saints', Hiudmarsh. A very convenient iron Mission Hall has been erected at Kesvvick, nnd is doing an important work is this rapidly increasing neighborhood. It will be tound necessary in the near futuro to afford ilov. J. G. Pitcher 'extra clerical help. A ii'\v church lias been erected and opened at 'Joyder, n;ar Biilitklava, in the mission carriid on by Hew T. Wortliington. A now stony church lias replaced the old wooden building at Stimsbury. I Tho reports of the mission clergy in thu agri cultural area9 refer to this fact of so many families leaving their respective neighbor- j hoods. In tlie northern and Gawler ivange | districts many of what were onej prosperous ehet'p runs are only occupied by a i-aretiiki-r. Under these circumstances the executive \iill shortly bo called upon to face a very grave question, that ie, tlie suppoit of the ruis.=iou ] clergy. The object of the. li.H.M.S. in forming new parishes is to assist the missions in their early stages until they boeonu- strong enough to support themselves, and then to carry their assistance- elsewhere; with this object in view it was intended to reduce tho society's grants year by year. Iu consequence chiefly of bad seasons it haj- been found irnpos hible to carry this out, but ii was hoped that a return of favoral-!« seasons would enable the executive to do so. There seems little hopo j bow, with a diniinishinc population, that the j country missions will, many of them ' become self-supporting. It seems to me, | therefore. that iu the near future many of the missions which \vt- had ] hoped to firmly establish as parishes will revert to the missionary stage, and in my I opinion tho districts should be made larger and bo worked by two or three unmarried clergy lin'ng together, who would travel over and round their mission district. Two un married clergy living together would be at little, expense as compared with a clergyman with a wife and family. My successor as organising chaplain is entirely with me, and above all we havu had the test of practical ex- ' perience in tho south- east, which was worked j successfully by the Uevs. Teape and Luinsdon. i I would also point cut that this yeai for the . first time. I think, every station is or will be. j occupied, that tlie strain upon the funds of the ! society has nfcver yet been so great, there being no unexpended votes to lessen the ex penses as estimated at the commencement of tlie year. It will only be by the. exercise of j the greatest economy, or by largely increased j contributions to the funds, that the- executive will escape a considerable deficiency at the. end of the financial year. From April 1, 18118, the Jtev. L. 1'. Crawfurd will take up the work of organising chaplain assisted by Rev. Lewis Head lair, aa missionary chaplain. The united jticmne of Uia two chaplains will bo £350, of which St. Peter's Cathedral will contribute £50 for a fortnightly service. The society is to bo congratulated on securing tho whole services of two priests (with the exception of the fortnightly service just mentioned) for a slight additional sum of £15, their incomes being made up of £150 paid to the present missionary chaplain, £50 to tho present organising chaplain, and a saving of £85, i amount of grant hitherto made to North Y.P., which will be worked by the chaplains — the whole cost to the society for both j organising and missionary chaplains being £;-00. Perhaps in this connection I may be allowed, considering the many years I have taken part in the working of Ii.H.M.S., to make a divergence from the mere formal report so as to express the extreme satisfaction I feel at the appointment of a like-minded man to my dear friend, B. C. fetephenson, as his successor. Mr. Crawfurd and his coadjutor bring to the work a hearty zeal and enthusiasm, and 1 feel sure their spiritual influence will, under God's blessing, have a wideeprcading effect, and that their labors will tend to the increased prosperity of tho society, as well temporally as spiritually.' j The report of tho Bishop's Home Mission Penny Association stated: — 'The committee regret that they cannot report quite so favor ably of the work done by the association during the past year as they could wish. The amount collected during the year has not been as large as in some former years, but nevertheless a fair : total has been realised. We belies e thu falling j off in not due to any lack of interest on the part j of our workers, but rather to the bad , season, and to an unavoidable interruption in [ the progress of tlie work during the year. We j desire to thank all thoj-e who have again ; helped us as tellers and collectors. 'We ask for . a continuance of this help, nnd we should be ' very glad to know of some recruits to our ranks, which are each year needed to fill the ? places of some wlio cannot for various reasons continue to collect. The rc-igiiation during ! the year of the late organising chaplain — the , Yen, Archdeacon Morse—reminds us of the deep obligation we art under to him fnr the ! kindly interest he has always shown, ' and the warm support he, line ever given us J in our work. We hereby tender him 1 our hearty thank.' for what he has done to ! lie- p and encouragp us during the. time he lias , been pn ^ident of our cninmittci-. We also ' welcome, hi.- .successor, the Rev. L. P. Craw- .' furd, whose.' much valued assistance in the past j lead* u.^ to expect from him, now that he has | become orj.'R:n»ing chaplain, .'till more help in i the fuliiri1, and we hope the Penny Association I will still cc'iniiiiu' u- give him that liuancial ] support, in carrying on the work of tho ' Ui.-hoj/b ll'imn Jiitsion SjeiKy, which it hi'.s i been giving his predecessors for the past !-!i yenr.s.'1 The- Hi-hop. who v.\'.s received with applause, said tii'V h:id ;sn r- iduuin.r'y strong piaUonn. | The (speakers had been v.vil chosen, aud lie ; thought they migiit congratulate themselves on I that fact. Two werttdi*tiii-;-iU!-i'4eccli:Ki:islic*s | visitors Irom other dioeews, who camo to .show j their f^'inpat'iy with tho work, ami to give . them tlieir asi-i.-itaiiee, ;iml tin* two lay- : men were diMUiv-iuislied rcsioniit-i o? the , colony who wore able lo speak of the dir!icu!tiei- which beset the Church in spreading : tii-- ni.-ssMKi? 'Jiiuu-jhour. the wiJu and unsettled parts ol fcy;uih Au-lialia- Tiireo years ago, ,' when hi- ].ind'.d a slrangci in the e.i'.ony, tlie. Di.-an of li.iji.iint kiiidiy c:iiiie to Adelaide to . support him at the tlrst nici.-tin;.; of the society ' ovjv whii-h In? pn^ii'.od. Tho Dean of li;)l- ; lavtit on that ot'cai-i-m was Dean Stretch, j who, although he had not gone over to : llunii: had gonti t:- ]toi)i;t, which was his sc-at as bishop - coadjutor lo the Bi.ihop of tins! milt. They welcome:! De.m I Paikyn. and ho b.vl claim- upon them, for iic cai:;c in F.pite of tue doctor' a order.-, so that ho ; unJersloO'.l the t:i:icUty of iui engagement. ! (llt'iir. hear.) The Bishop of Mulbourue : needed no welcome. They all know him and I lowr] him, and they wclcoinc! hii;i in having ? bee n ably to .-u.itam tho Church in Australia I whm so m:i!:y of his moro .skittish.' brethirn w«re temperiiiii the Eorions duties of tin- work of the Lainl.eth ! Convention with a lit.Un vi'cvpntion in Kng- ! land. (Laugliler. ) Mr. J',. (j. lilaeUmore had : done yeoman work for t:.e Clairc'.i in the . colony, and in th.i Minister of iLdiiCHtiou they ; had a lav-reiulcr wnd a prominent member ot i the .Synod, ami they r.-joictd to have two such j representatives on tho platform oi the Dioce.be i of Adelaide'. Tiie colony h.ul passed through i year.-', of depression, during which timo th.e j number of marriaui-s hud corau down to a ; lower limit in .South Australia than in any I other ptriod dm;ng thu p^st 21 years. It : must indted b'j a haunting depression which i wouki prevent young couples from join- | ing in the bli^s ot union. ( Lu uglier. ) ' They had, howevci, got to tho bottom : of thu d('j;rctaion, and looked with | con fid care to years of plenty. (Hoar, j heai.) But (1- 1 spite the depression he was giati to be able. to say (hat ; not one tingle post of the nii;iiy i posts the Bishop's Home Mission Society Ije.d had been reliiKjuisl'.ed in the diocese. (Heat, ; hear.) Nay, rather during the last 12 months i then' had been a distinct advance. He had | blushed 12 months ago when his Excellency j the Governor, just returned from a trip to I Oodnadatr.i, told them that there was not a ', placo of worship thore, but he was gb.d to be j able to sa v that they had wiped j away that ten ibis Wot on their Christianity. ! The mission priest in the north now went to i that distant town four tirar-s a year. (Hear, I hear.) Kansaruo Island had been placed under the cans of Port Adelaide, with the ret.ult thftt it now liad more constant services and moro ; effective administration. New churches had ! been urcctcd in vaviovis p:\rts and other biiild- | ings were in course of erection. (Hear, I hear.) At the present moment 42 out of 82 ; licensed clergy men of the diocese were supported | by this soc'cty, in addition to the catcchists, 1 and it was not too much to say that without its j help they could not be supported. Wince its j foundation the sm-icf.y had assisted, by way i of loan, in the building of CM churches. Its ,' income was under t'ii'JO a year, of which I £1,000 wafc contributed by the atturneyb of the | S.i'.G. Thin society was absolutely essential | to church extension, and it needed increased awppevt. U- cuab'.e oxUting w«'e«cics lo l-i ktpt up. Vv'ithuut this society they would not be able to cairy on the woik they were doing, j They needed development, and they looked . to tlie people to h'.'ip them to incrwise their numbers and the mean.-; of grace. As lie wont , up aud down thu large diocese he was struck j with the hirgf; area which was covered by a ; single minister. Thu incumbent of Kapunda j travelled fit) miles to hold rive services oil | Easter days. Then there was the .River , Murray. During tin; past year the work of j this mission continued to grow quietly. In [ addition to the stations already ministered to services had been begun at Peilaring Flat, Bdven miles above- Miiumun, and at Mt. Mary, 1'; miles inland from Morgan, on : tho railway-Vmi1. Last April he visited : tho portion of the Murray between | Murray Bridge und Morgan, when ho con- | firmed i!0 candidates. In tieptfimber the mis siontr was able to visit the sheep-stations around hakes Alexandria and Albert while, shearing was going on, and conducted services with the men, who appeared much inte rested. Regular visits had also been made to Point Maclecy Aboriginal Mission Station. The Rev. W. .!. Bussell, the missioner on the Murray, told hirn that he covered 900 miles every six weeks, and he had 30 ccutres where services were hold. A kind anonymous donor had given £200 for a new steamer to take the place of the Etono, and had in addition guaranteed the stipend of another missioncr to help the Rev. Mr. Bussoll. (Cheers.) As ho went through tho diocese of Adelaide and saw tho olergymeu and the noblo way they did their work and sot themselves to carrv out) the high ideals they set before them, he felt more and more how unworthy ho was to be at the head of such a hard-working body. He honestly said that he would not change the clergy of the diocese of Adelaide for any set of clergymen in any part of Christendom. (Hear, hear,) He looked to the members of the church to do their part in aiding to carry out the great work in which they were engaged. (Hear, hear. ) The Bishop of Melbourne, who was re3eived with cheen:, said it was now somo 10 years since he landed in Adelaide from England, and being a bad sailor he arrived the ghost of his former self. He -was told that it was no use presenting himself in Melbourne unless in a more salubrious condition, so he stayed for a few days ill Adelaide, and he was then able to present himself in such a condition as to per form the work ho had been called upon to do. (Hear, hear.) Some years ago a clergyman in New Zealand, ho thought it was, wrote a novel 'The Decline and Fall of the British Empire.' (Laughter.) They were asked to transfer themselves to a period 1,000 years in advance of the present day. At that time Australia had become the undisputed head of tho Empire. Great Britain had fallen into dpcay. Thero had been a tnrriblc bnttlo between capital and labor, and tho whole community was in ton fusion. Tho gulf stream had shifted itself 10 rieg., and had reduced England to Arctic regions. Seme people arrived at what was at one timo tho City of London, and tht-y, a party of visitors from Australia, found that the placo was full of barbarians. Excitement ran high when at last the site of Westminster Abbey had been distinguished. The cold was so intense thut the visitors heard the sounds of packs of wolves everywhere, and everything was found in a stats of decrepitude aud semi-barbarism. Tlie friends returned re joicing in tho privileges they enjoyed in tho great hind they inhabited — Australia. (Laughter and hear, hear.) Even if it should be tho case it would bohard to realise. However, they had known in tho past that great empires had fallen. Even if that should ho, ho doubted not that one day, in the then ancient history, would stand out con spicuous and would he recollected with enthusiasm and pleasure — that was St. Peter's Day, JH17, when four bishops were consecrated in Westminster Abbey, and became the first bishops ot Capo Town, Newcastle, Adelaide, and Melbourne. When he stood on the Ado iaide. p'a-ti'orm he was dflighted to think of the connection between t!iR J-iocesecf Adelaide and Melbourne bocuse the biahups were coi;secratod on tin* suine day of tho came year. If was pleasing for him to stand side by side j with tlio Bishop of Adelaide and do anything, however Iittlo, to encourage and support iiinj in the groat work the Bishop's Home i\Li.s?ion K;iciety iu fended to do. The cause which (hoy ban met in such large i.umhers to vw-uwtu wiw \i-- otlivr tlr.m u- maintain i.inl extend liie work cf God through out this lnrgc diocr^n by providing clergy iu \ new centres and in poor localities by obtain- I ing sites for church buildings aud aiding in Ihfir erection by grants or loans and helping to providu additional curates. Vice and i ['re- ligion met them on all sides. Wiiat Zplan could be devised more suited to grapple with tlidfo eu'N than that which the. Bishop's Home Mission Society proposed ? He! touched cm the noble, self-sacrificing, self-deny- i ing woik of the elr-rgy. He noticed — and that j was one u:osb for vjiy gn_-;U mixtely — how the I (uilVreiit reports ol t!i« mission clergy in the agricultural areas lvfe; red to the '.'act of so msmy families leaving their respective neigh bui Loot's. The r;.'| ore won ton to say — 'Under tlu-:e ( lrcums'i'iiiccs it seems to me that the executive will sliorily be called upon to face a very grave question, and that is the support, of the misnion cleipy.' But f!ie.y were not going to leave that to the executive alone. No; tiipy,w;iuld all take up that ques tion, and face it boldly ;uid practically— (hear, hear) — until it was Katisfucl.uriiy adjusted. Tho organising chaplain, from whose report lie had quoted, thought he had got to the bottom of the difficulty, but Im had — remembering his experience in Melbourne— his doubts. He said 'Amen' to the organising cliaphvin'a suggestion for grappling with the diiiiculty, but when lie read :t he though; of the recipe for cooking a hare, it commenced with ' firat catch your hare.' (Laughter.) Now, his difficulty in Victoria was to catch an un married clergyman. (Laughter.) He had heard the chairman tsay that the marriage rate had declined in South Australia, but he did r.ot «vy whether it applied to the clergy. In his own diocese the unmarried clergyman was difficult to find, but if they could liad clergymen willing to forego the blessings of married life and to give themselves up to this work for four years it would be the Dent way of overcoming the difficulty, and they would be able to club three or four together. If they did that they might find that they were willing to spend the rest of their lives living together. (Laughter.) In considering the nobio aims of tho society he asked them to remember how often families wero dis persed throughout a diocese like this. A family in Adelaide parted with a son or brother, who went to soma small place in the bush to get bis living as a miner, an agri cultural laborer, a storekeeper. Now, if they loved the church of tlieir fathers, and the holy truths which she taught, aud tho sacraments sho administered, they could not fail to desire that such an one should continue to enjoy the ministrations in which he waa brought up, and which he had learned to love. But there wero many country dis tricts in which these bles.singh could only bo secured by the help of the,, bishop's Home Mission Society. Most of them were, more or less powerfully influenced by the associations of early life. The very sound of hymns, and tunch, and prayers heard aud learnt in child hood was like a benediction coining down | upon them from fathers and mothers now in I Paradise. Whc that had constantly heard the inimitable rhythm of thoii marvellous litany could fail to recognise its power? Iu propoi-- | tion as; they had learned the value of their own souls and the means; of grace they should desire to put them within tht- reach oi others. They hfid assembled from various parishes, from parches differently circumstanced — sonic. I comparatively wealthy, soaw poor, some abouudins in pleasant villas, nnd charm ing gardens, others in busy streets, | shops:, and ofiices ; others acain in nir row lanes and shabby tenements. What brought them all togcthei on that occasion ': The consciousness that 'union is strength,' und that great gatherings liko the. present wore calculated to manifest and promote that unity. Their belavad bishop htul recently re turned from England after having stood side by sidu. with Anglican bishops from, all parts of the British Empire on the Kentish shore near the very spot where Augustine, the first Archbishop of Canterbury, landed 13 centuries ago. He had mentioned this because he wanted them to recognise what a noble corporation the Church of England was, and how many centuries it had lived, and at the close of tho lUth century what a mighty power it had of laying hold of them. (Hear, hear.) He moved— 'That the members of the Church in this diocese, recognising the spiritual claims of the mission districts, pledge themselves to givo to tho Bishop's Home Mission Society their practical and loyal support.' Mr. E. G. Blackraore seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. Tbo Dean of Ballarat moved— 'That this meeting expresses its thankfulness to Almighty God for the work which the society has been enabled to accomplish in the past ; aud aska for tho prayers o! all loyal Churohmen for a continuance of God's blessing on its work in | the future.' He thanked the bishop for the j kind welcome given him. His being late was not a question of unpunctuality, but was owing to illness. It seemed to him that tho Homo Mission Society caused a bond of union bu tween the churches of the town and the churches of the country, for they wanted to bIiow sympathy for each other. They wanted the clergy and the people to be one in sympathy, and they wanted the body in the country to vibrate with the body in tlie city. It seemed to him that all thincrs wore related together because related to God. A chain was no stronger than its weakest link, so the Church was never stronger than its weakest point. A great many people did not realise how much they owed to God ; they spoke as if they were tho architect of their own fortunes instead of (iod. They bad taken with so free a hand from the past, but ought they not to givo as they received. All had abundant cause to give, but he would not tell them in what proportion they ought to give, because they could not lay down a hard and fast rule for giving. They went on spending money on the necessaries of life and other j things, and they gave what was left to j God, but unfortunately very little was left. That church, ho said, which was not breaking new ground was making its own srravo. He | I did not believe that the human heart was j sceptical, but roso up in magnificent respon | siveness to vitality when they saw it ; if they I had moro spiritual liln they would shino ? I through modern spiritualism and modern I ! materialism. (Hear, hear.) He exhorted I them to wurk so that it might be said of the Church as of tho Master, in Him was life, and the lifo was the light of man. (llear, hear. ) The Minister of Education, who wa; cordially received, said he did not believe it was either j truaor justtosp.y that the State was irreligious. Absolute religious equality was given to the ! pcoplo of tlie colony, with tho result that there i were a large number of religious bodies 1 amongst them nnd the religious rights of the i whole of the bodies were equal. Therefore, it I was impossible to legislaU? on any question ! which touched thu domain of leligiou. | ' He thought the multitude of denomi- I i nation1? was a Re.-iom drawback to j Christianity in any State, but if tho peoplo 1 would agree to one form of faith then tiny ] could compel the State to give effect to the i viows of tiie community, which after all was ! the State. Ho seconded the motion, which was carried. The. Chairman stated that the collection amounted to Kail, which included a cheque. lor £25, kindly forwarded by Mr. li. Ban- Smiil:, who wai unable to be pre3i'nt. 