« ORGANIC UNITY OF. THE BIBLE." The third and lRst of a aeries of Sunday leo- tures, on tho subject, "Whom do men say that I, the Son of Man, am ? was delivered by the Rev. Isaac Moore, before a large congregation, at the Church of tho Immaculate Conception, Hawthorn, last night. Following Christ a own counsel thov had, said the rev. gentleman, searched the Scriptures, which up to tv certain point in prophecy hail shown thnt the Messiah was to be a man, with no explicit revelation that He should be also God. This cainc later on. During tho search a satisfactory revelation of 44 organic unity " was discovered in the Bible. Thero was a unifying principle pervading every part. But the principle was not a uniformity in general typo of thought and feeling as might be ex pected to ' characterise the literature of a singlo nation or a race, nor was it a unity of drift and purposo, which suggested the action of a single mind. The principle which gave to the Biblo organic unity was that each and every book in it was inspired. By inspiration was meant a divine in fluence by which the intellect of the inspired man was enlightened, and his will moved to consign to writing the truths— and these only — which God wished to deliver to the church. This quality of inspiration all the books of the Bible shared equally. This was their unifying prin ciple. Thus the Bible possessed organic unity, and they were able to say God was the author of each and every one of tho books of which tho Bible was composed. In passing, there fore, from the earlier books of the Biblo to the Messianic Psalms it was still the same voico of God they heard speak ing, through his chosen instruments. Of that superhuman royalty promised to David and his house for ever in II. Kings vii. chap., the Mes sianic Psalms presented them witli a series of pictures which illustrated a distinct aspect of its dignity, while all either implied orassertod the Divinity of the King. A question might well agitate the breasts of the Jews as to who was this mysterious Being? The Pharisees knew that He was David's descendant. But He was also David's Lord. How could Ho be both if He were merely human ? Tho Son of David was David's Lord because He was God, and tho Lord of David was David's son because He was God incarnate. Inspired predictions of all Christ's earthly experiences 'had been com pleted just a thousand years before He ap peared on the earth, and peoples contemporary with His era had seen them fulfilled. The same character of unity was shown in the New Testament. He who was predicted to come in Divine authority in the prophecies was dis tinctly recognised as such in the New Testa ment scriptures, and the principle of inspiration was distinctl' manifest throughout them. what men said Christ was to bo in tho former time He was recognised to be in tiie later and by modern generations. That men felt at about the time of the Lord's appearanco that a Divine Deliverer was ex pected, was clearly shown in the writings of Suetonius, Tacitus and Soncca. He referred in terms of gratulation to the possession still held by the church of a faith which taught the divinity of tho Great Deliverer, and which had withstood criticism from tho keenest intellects, and camo down the ceuturies, with the sanction of councils, filled with tho Holy Ghost, and moved by a similar stimulus to tlmt inspira tion which was the unifying principle in the Book of books. 