THAT GlIRL IN THE HUT. / -4--- An Original Prize Story. BY "MOLLY." LIIE time was Christmas Eve. The scene the Australian bush. The actor Claude Drysdale, one-time milllnalre iand so ciely's darling, now a strug gling mal, saddened beyond -ibs ye.rs.. As he rides along .- on tle outskirts of his statics. lie .sadly rev iews tihe past. Born in tile lat of luxury, life opened up to him a vista of truly rosCate lihue, and till his twenty-sixth year no care had ever tooched him. Then he loved and fancied himself beloved. The gir'l was beautiful beyoind compare. I-Ier pinki and white prettiness was coveted by all. Then came their wedding morning. The lavish display of dresses, floral de corations, and presents was the talk of all Melbourne. The stllnptulous wedding breakfast was a thing for epicures to see and remember--and thlen the honeysmoon. Defore the first fortnighlt was over, they hald begun to have petty bicterings. Amy Drysdale was . womonan swho hld been reared lon the gospel of self. I-cr mothler dead. her father absent on foreign travel. she had been left entirely to the care of servants, who utterly failed to curb the self-willed girl. Before she was 15 she had been bitten with the Australian craze for backling horses, until in iher nineteeth year she could,. as teople calmnly remarked, break a bank. And so it hlaptened that before three monthls of Amny's miarried life were over bills began to pour in from all directions, and when the crash caule, as everybody predictedi it would, they were left ill absolute beggary. B13ut the crushint humiliation which adldedt the last drop to Claude's cup canme in the form of ;a note from his wife. " If," she sal, " you are resolved to go into the bush to live, you must go alone. I should go mad if I were compelled to lead such a life. I will spare you the pains of a fare well." And not twenty-four hours after all Melbourne rang with the news that Mrs. Drysdale had eloped with a wealthy " book maker." Clanude never helt up tis head again in his native place, biut proceeded with almost feverish Ihaste to leave for Sydney, where he had a rich old uincle, who held out a hope to him of once more getting on to his feet financially, at' least. Old Mr. Steel--Claude's uncle--vwas a squatter, a man of unlimited property, who intended putting Claude on to one'of his stations to work it up. If he succeeded in doing so, it was to be his own; and the old man chuckled to himself as he thought, " This will show what metal he is made of." CHAPTER II. Five years after the day on which our story opens is a red-letter day for Claude's station. For in the bush every trifle is an event, and the arrival of a number of hands \--ftive in all-at Glenfernie, as Claude's place is called, is considered an affair of sonie importance. They are in the hut by the river, and as Jacky, the black boy, has just informed the " Boss," Claude is oni his way to interview them. The station lies between Guy Fawkes and the Orara, in thie north of New South Wales. In the dry season, it is a barren- looking waste, but when rain is plentiful nothing greener or more beautiful can be found in tile colony. At the time of which we write Glenfernie is looking its best, but Claude seems ob livionts of it all. Presently he comes withliu sight of the hut, and springing from his horse he knocks for admission. Almost immediately the door is opened and he is invited to enter. The room contains four persons, and as Claude takes a survey of the party, he is not altogether favourably imtressed. Nearest to him is a rough looking individual, with shaggy hair, a pair of beady eyes, and a nose that told its own tale concerning the brandy bottle. This was Jack Curtain, stoclkman, a good workman, as his references admitted, but with a great weakness for the drink. Next to him was an old man with a pleasant face, who was to act as gardener at the homestead. Opposite Jack Curtain was without doubt Curtain No. 2. The men were as like as two yeas in a pod. Joe Curtain was wanted to help with the cattle at the homestead, while his father was to be stationed on the outskirts of the property. - Standing near the middle door was a sad faced girl with glorious dark eyes. A rose among thorns, as Claude mentally decided. She was called Nellie Curtain. But how she could be in any way related to the Curtains, father and son, was a mystery, at least from aspsychological point of view. It did not take Claude many minutes to make this estimate of the party. Just then a voice from the outer room summoned them to dinner-a regular back block, Australian one. Corned beef, pump kins and potatoes, with grammma pie for dessert. However, it proved the very best of its kind, and set Claude's mind at rest on one point. The cook was quite up to her business, if the others were not, thought he. Shortly afterwards Claude left instructions with the men, and took leave of them. It was almost a month before he had occasion to visit the hut again, and on doing so he was surprised at the change in it. Its walls had been freshly whitened, the front garden cleared, and the rose bushes trimmed into shape. Everything bore traces of care and the touch of an artistic hand. Ilslde the improvement was even more apparent. Thle whole house seemed the same-novel arrangements everywhere. Boldly artistic and most cer tainly original ideas were to be seen on all sides. Claude was impressed. His stockmen's hut was more comfortable and far prettier than his orwn house. Just then he heard the sad voice of a woman repeating Longfellow's beautiful poem : "Be still, sad heart, and cease repining, Under. the clouds is the sun still shining. Thy lot is the common lot of all, Into each life some rain must fall, Some days must be dark and dreary." Literary, as well as artistic, he decided; and In spite of himself, he felt his respect for the occupier of the hut going up 10 degrees. Lest he should be thought to be eavesdropping, Claude knocked more loud ly, and Nellie, on hearing him, came for ward to inquire what hid business might be. As she did so Claude could see that she had been crying. He did his best to make her feel at ease, but tears were too near the surface, and Nellie broke down completely. After a little she grew calmer, and Claude inquired if he might know her trouble, adding, in his kindly way, " I may be able to help you. Believe me I will if I can." "I can hardly put my troublo into ,rwrds," faltered Nellie. "I am wretched, and I have hardly anything but suspicions to makle me so." And then she unfolded her story. Six years before she had accidentally overheard Mrs. Curtain's dying Injunction to her husbbnd : " Never let her know she ain't our daughter, Jack," said she. " She'll make you a good housekeeper, and when she's growed up you can tell her she atn't ourn, and get her to marry Joe. She'll steady him better than a flighty gal." Claude was now becoming thoroughly in terested, and he asked: "Are you aware who and what MIrs. Curtain was ?" "She was a coarse, common woman, rather given to drink, and had been a nurse in Victoria long ago," replied Nellie. "What parts or Victoria did they live in ?" " Melbourne, Bendigo, and 3Ballarat," answered Nellie. " Can you give me the date ?" " Twenty years ago this year." So, thought Claude, these fellows are worth watching. Men who will do one dirty trick will do more. Aloud he said, " The matter seems to amount to this, Miss Nellie. You don't belong to the Cur tains, and there has been foul play some where." " I think there must have been," an swered Nellie, " else why should they want to hide my identity from me." "Then it must be your business and mine to silt the affair right through," replied Claude. " Are they good to you ?" " In their own way, yes; but they are so coarse and vulgar, and scraps of conversa tion I sometimes overhear make me think they are engaged in some sort of dirty work. I'always seem to have a fear over me that something dreadful will happen." Claude now rose to go, and his hearty handshake and cheery voice, as he bade Nellio good- bye, gave her more hope than she had had for a long time. It did not take Claude long to roach home, and his first thought on doing so was that there were two John to be done. First to have the Curtains watched : then to find out theirpast lislory. In pursuance of the first idea he called JacLy, the black boy. " What lika Curtain, Jacky ? he budgery fellah ?" Jacky thrust his long fingers into his wool, rolled tile whites of his eyes, at the same time giving a broad grin, in which hlie displayed a )erfect set of ivories. " Don't kuow, Boss," ?elolied Jacky. " Now then, no lies, Jacky ; Curtain been giving you rum." Jacky stood first on one leg, then on the other, and finally blurted out " Only little ldrop, Boss." " Look here, Jacky, you tell me what lika Curtain, me give you budgery holiday. Plenty rum and bacca." Jacky hesitated and stammered, but the temptling prospect proved irresistible. " HIim dam bad lot, Boss. Him turn em red bullock white, him wipe em out brand, sell em bullock other man." So, thought Claude, and he gave a pro longed whistle, that explains tihe mystery. For the past three weeks he had been losing some of his choicest cattle. They had disapnoeared without leavin, a hoof or horn or scrap of hide to show what had become of them. Immediately hlie had de cided on -his course of action, but first he oust reward Jacky. So aloud he said, " Jacky, you yan along a kitchen, tell Mrs. Stone give em " you suit of clothes, one bottle rum, two pounds bacca. Then you yen along a camp long a Bark unllgry, and have good t6norroborrec." Jacky did not ysit to hear more, but gir ing a wild yell, and makinallg his boomerang describe one of his best circles in thie allr, lie 1oounded towards thie kitchen whence he was to receive lhis good things. Claude immediately went to his deskl, the result being two letters. The first ran thus :- " Glcnfernle, " Jan. 2Sth, 18-. " To thie Superintendent of Police, Armin dale. "Dear Slr,-Havlng receivfd word of ex tensive cattle stealing operations going on in this district, I would feel obliged if you will send along two of your nest troopers for a while. The gang are as clever a set of swindllers as it has been my lot to meet, so I think you will need to exert your best energies to cope with them.-Yours faith fully, " CLAUDE DRYSDALE." And then he wrote as follows to a private detective in Collins-street, Melbourne :- " To J. Stalnning, Esq. " Dear Sir,-I want you to make full in quhires in Ballarat, Bendigo, and Mel bourne as to who and what John Curltain and his wife were. They lived in those places 20 years ago. Husband supposed to be a miner. Wife went out nursing. They are now in my employ, and I particularly wish to know their history. I enclose a cheque for you to begin operations with. Yours faithfully, "CLAUDE DRY'SDALE." CHAPTER III. After this Claude retired for the night, but somehow he could not sleep. The thought of his stolen cattl, of the villain ous Curtains, and the uncommon style of woman, Nellie Curtain, all helped to make mlore excitement than he had known for years. Next day Jack and Joe Curtain weie ordered in opposite dlirections, but they contrived to have a little conversation be fore setting out. " Keep quiet and lie low," said Curtain the elder. "I fancy the Boss smells a rat." " If he does," replied Joe, " it's that cursed black wretch that has put him on our track. If I catch him I'll break every bone in his black hide." " It'll take you all your time," sneered his father. " I saw Jacky well primed with grog set out for the camp at Barkungry last night." " Ah," snarled Joe, " I thought so. He's split sure and sartin, and the Boss has sent him out of the way for a while. He wouldn't get off no other way these busy times." " Serve you right," said his affectionate sire. "I allus told you you'd dance a hornpipe in the air one o' these days. You're too high-handed in what you does. I done the thing ever since I was a boy, and never got cotehed- yet, and here you haven't been at it no time.and we've had to make ourselves scarce four tnimes through you." Joe Curtain swore copiously, and the ex pression of his evil face wasn't good to see. After a while he remarked, " I'm thinkin' I'll give the whole business best. It's not up to much these times with so many coppers knockin' round, and the wretches o' blacks are like so many hounds on yer track. They're that treacherous. any one of 'em 'ud sell you for a pannikin o' rum. After another pause he continued, " Anyhow, we've one more card to play." " What's that ?" inquired his father, as he drew a dirty clay pipe from his mouth and stroked his beard, reflectively turning as he did to survey his hopeful son. " Why, Nell." added Joe. "Let's patch up a yarn, and tell her she's nobody's gal. That'll cruel her; and tell her she'd better take a decent name while she gits a chance. Once we're married we can clear out o' this hole and go over to Vie., and bleed her ole man." And so these worthles Darted for the day, each trying in his evil mind to work out a scheme by which he could grow rich at other people's expense. That night Jack Curtain got into a yarn with Nellie. At last he stammered. "I 'oape you'll forgive us, my gal, for what we've done to you." Nellie's startled eyes surveyed him for a moment, and he continued: "You ain't my darter at all, only I niver had the pluck to tell you so before. You see it was this way. My wife was a nurse, and one night a poor servant lass came and asked her, for Gord's sake, to taklte her in or she'd drown o' herself. Well, my missus takes her in, and through the night the gal was mighty bad. It was in Bendigo, in the time o' the diggings, where you couldn't get a doctor for love or money. Howsom ever, there wmas a doctor there at the timne, but he was called away to the Lone Hand claim to see a chap as was bad with the fever. Well, as I said before, we couldn't get no doctor for the lass, and she died through the night, leaving a little child without a rag to its back or a shillin' to buf it food. My missus says to me, 'Jack,' says she, ' the little sn's like our Nellie used to be. Can't we keep it in her place ?' :Please yerself,' says I.' So we Ikep you, anlld brought you up as our own." Nellie had gone white as a ghost,during this recital. " What is my name ?" said she. Curtain stammered a bit, and then re plied, " You have no name, don't you see. The gal's name was Mary Fleming, but she wasn't married. My missus allus said, ' Wait till shie grows up, and Joe '11 give her a name.' " Nellie shuddered as she thought of what this would mean. Become Joe Curtain's wife, so that she could go through life with the honourable name of Curtain tacked to her ? No, a thousand times no. Better he nameless and homeless than wife to such a man. Thoughts like these chased each other through her brain, but she did not give them utterance. She had not kept home all these years for Curtains for nothing. She had their measures pretty well by heart. She would have to fall in with their views for a while, for peace sake. Jack Curtain eyed her furtively while she sat with her head buried In her hands. At last he said, " Well, my gal, wouldn't it be better to be Mrs. Joe Curtain than Miss Nobody ?" Nellie shivered, but replied as calmly as possible, "It is all so sudden, father. I mnust have time to think over it," and bhid ding him good night she repaired to her room, but not to sleep. So, she thought, my ears did mnot de ceive me as to what Mrs. Curtain said. As to Curtain's little tale concerning her pedigree, the more she thought over it the more she doubted it. The Curtains had always proved themselves the aptest liars she had ever met, so that long since she had fallen into the habit of never quite be lieving a single word they said. Was it likely, she argued, that a man who had told lies all his life, seemingly for the very love of the thing, would turn round now and be strictly truthful for her sake. No, she was convinced that theie was a grain of truth mixed with a bushel of lies. It was and always had been part of the Cur tain creed "nothing for nothing;" so that if Joe Curtain wanted to marry her, and his father backed him up in it, there must be something to be made out of it, and if so it was just possible that she might belong to somebody who had that "something." The more she thought over this view of the case, the more certain she became of it. Joe had never made love to her in any way. He had jeered at her fancy for pretty things, openly scoffed at her honesty, and done all that he could to show her that she wasn't his style at all. Polly Sawyers, the selector's daughter, across the creek, was the woman he admired. " There's a gal after me own 'art," he would say; "red as a rose and plump as a roll o' butter--a woman who could yard cattle, ride a buckJumper, and husk corn with the best wire-fencer ever born." And one who was not averse to a string of oaths when a refractory bullock broke loose from the herd. No, Nellie was cuite sure that if Joe really wanted a wife, Polly Sawyers was the girl he would take. CHAPTER IV. Sleep being impossible, Nellie rose early. 'lThis was one of her busy days. There wnas butter to'churn. eggs to be gathered for the doaler, bread to bake, and a host of otlher things to do, By ]1 o'clock the dealer's van hove in sight. This is as much an llstitution in the bush as fashionable shop ping is to the aristocrat in the West End of London. The dealer brings along a veritable store on whcels. You can ask him for anything, from a needle to an anchor. If he doesn't happen to have the article you require, he will get it up for you by the end of that week or the be ginning of next. Mloney is never thought of any more than it was when this tight little !slnnd was solely occupied by our black brethren. In their warnaint and fcatlilcers. Barter, and barter only, is the medium of exchange; anld in this respect any) fairly well to do selector or stockman's wife is better off than any other working nman's wife in Christendom. Therefore, Mrs. Selector and Mrs. Stockman supplies hlerself with househloldl goods to her heart's content, giving in exchange her home madle pickles, Jams lls, Jllies, her fowls' eggs, butter, &c.;, and if shle be an industrious rwoman, and thie season at all favourable, hier house is replete with comfort without so nluch as by your leave frola Benedict. And so it happened tlhat Nellie, by working hard, suppplicd herself with necessaries to an extent that would have astonished her city sisters. By 3 o'clock in the afternoon everything was as neat as a new ptin, and Nellie in her pink dress and shady hat set out on a visit -ostensibly to Mrs. Stone, inl reality to try and see MIr. Drysdale, and conimunicate to hin her new's. She was just within sight of thie homestead when a solitary Ihorseman appeared in sight. Thie day was terribly liot, and he appearedr to think eo, for springing from his horse beneath the sihade of a native cherry tree, he mopped his lheated face with his lhandkerchiref. " Good afternoon. Miss Curtain," said he, and turning as hlie spoke Nellie saw that it was 3tr. Dirysdale himiself. Rapidly shei repeated to hil all that MIr. Curtain had sail to her thie previous night, also all that she herself thought and her rea sons for so thinking. Claude adminitted that her chain of rea soning was quite feasible, but added, "I must have time to think over it." So ex csing himself on the plea of having to superinrtend some ringharking going on in thie next paddoclk, he mioulnlted his horse and rode away. Nellie hurried with a lighter hleart to have a chat with Mrs. Stone, the honselkeeper at the homestead ; but she did not remain there long. \'len about half wary hIome, she met Claude in com pany with two nlen on llorscback. She dimly wonderled who they lmight:be, but was too Intent on hier orni business to think much about tlhem. As sh'e entered the kitchen she heard Jack and Joe Curtain engaged in a hot dis pute. "I tell you I will do tlhel, curse you," remarked the dutiful son to his father. More oaths followed this speech from Jack Curtain, as he added, " All right, you can do them single-handed. If your goin' to run the risk o' gettin' sent up for 14 years, I'm not." Joe swore unmercifull:y as he sneered. " You know I can't do them single-handed, and if you are going to show the white feather, what the deuce am I to do ?" " Let them go," roared his father, "and be content with the bloomin' quid a week till this blows over. How the deuce do we know who these two blokes are that have just come. They might be traps. As neither could convince the other, they came inside to their tea. After this events flowed on pretty smoothly for some weeks. The guests still stayed on at tile homestead, every day rid ing out viewlug some portion of the station. They might have been plain-clothes police men, they might have been ordinary visitors, or they might have been buyers up from the city, who found it hard to de cide whether to buy or not. Be that as it may, no one was any the wiser, only people were heard to remark it was some thing new for Drysdale to have visitors. One morning Jacky arrived home quite suddenly. He had got through his rum and tobacco, lost his suit in a drunken cor robcrrec, and came' back to recoup By this time Joe Curtain's fears were quite lulled to rest. Not so his father's. But Joe was the more masterful of the two, and over-persuaded the old man. " You write that letter to Bendigo, and we'll get the cattle done and clear. We must have a fdw pounds to go with, and it you write and promise them a share in the swag they'll be in Melbourne to rleet us." So Jack Curtain wrote as follows: "To Mrs. Sarah Stiggins. " Dear Madam,--We are comin' to Mel bourne soon with the gal. We want, you to be there to meet us, and bring the proofs that the kIids were changed. John Henson worked the Lady Mary claim next to mine at Bendigo, and got the nugget that made him what he is. That nugget ought to ha' been mine, and I swore to be even with hilm, so my missus put our gal with his muissus, and took theirs. You knew the kids were changed, but you didn't know why. Our Joe's goin' to marry their girl, and then old Henson 'll have to come doWn 'ansome. So be in Melbourne this day month.-Yours faithful, "JOHN CURTAIN." "That'll do," said Joe, as he surveyed this fresh piece of villainy. " Nell con sents to the weddin', doesn't she. We'll hurry the cattle, and get the beans for them." So it was decided that that night they should make their last attempt at turning dark cattle into spotted ones, red steers into white ones, &c.; Somehow there was a litle extra activity up at the homestead that day. In the still nless of an unused room firearms were be ing got in readiness. The indolent visitors were at this time transformed into busy men. The night was extremely favourable to the work. At about 11 o'clock the Cur tains repaired to an unfrequented spot among thie hills, and were busy with their nefarious transactions, when all at once the stillness of the night was broken by a stern voice exclaiming, " John and Joseph Curtain, surrender in the Queen's name." In less time than it takes to tell the peaceful spot was turned into a veritable pandemonium. The cattle in their fright made a stampede, and soon broke loose. Joe Curtain made a desperate fight. He swore he would not be taken alive. Spying Jacky in the crowd he pointed one pistol at him while with the other he covered the two policemen. Jacky was to sharp for Joe. He just dodged in time. The bullet entered Mr. Stone's leg, thereby disa abling him. " Curse you for a black viper," hissed Joe, and his attention being diverted for a second, one of the policemen attempted to knock a pistol out of Joe's hand, but In doing so it explodcd, maiming the , two Curtains and two of the stockmen. Joe seeing that the game was up pointed a pistol at himself and fired. He felt like a log where he stood. This made his father desperate. Hle took aim and fired, break ing a policeman's arm. Seeing this the other policeman fired, and Curtain No. 2 fell, never to rise again. It was a desperate encounter. Not a man among them escaped unhurt, except Jacky the black boy. After Joe's attempt to an nihilate him he concluded that he didn't like the smell of powder, and so got away to a safe distance. When all was quiet, Jacky came crawling back. " By crickey, Boss, dat fellow's game, but we finished him." And Jacky looked as important as if he had conducted the whole business himself. The firing had been within hearing of the hut, and Claude~was not surprised to see Nellie come running to know what was the matter. He also noticed she had an open letter in her hand. He pityingly drew her away from the sad sight, and gave orders for the two bodies to be conveyed to the hut. Afterwards they adjourned to the homestead, where Claude gave Nellie into Mrs. Stone's charge, but not before ushe had placed in his hands the letter she had found unsealed in Curtain's room. Claude mechanically put it in his pocket and turn ed to his visitors-the two policemen-to talk over the events of the night. CHAPTE R V. Next morning Claude was taking an [ early stroll when he remembered the lettei, and taking it out of his pocket he began to read. He started and paled visibly as he did so. Would surprlses never end, thought he. "John Henson"--why that was the name of his wife's father, and he had married his only child. The "Lady Mary'" was the claim that his father-in law had grown rich on. One nugget, in particular, had been a fortune in itself. From what he knew, taken with what John Curtain's letter contained, what was he to infer ? That he had married Nellio Curtain and that Amy Henson, the heiress, was here in his own house !. He arrived at home about breakfast time, and noticed that there was some unusual bustle going on. On entering the break fast room, whom should he see but his supposed father-in-law, John Henson, and with him an elderly man, whom he intro duced as Mr. Stanning. " We travelled all night to escape the heat, my boy," oexplained Mr. Henson. " That is why we come upon you at such an early hour." And then he continued, " I bring you strange news, and so Induced. tils gentlemat n to come along with nme to confirm what I say." "I amn not altogether unprepared," re plied Claude, and so saying he laid before Mr. Henson and tile detective the letter lie had Just read. " All !" exclaimed Mr. Stanning, " this is the last link that completes the chain." And then Mr Iconson iproceeded to ex plain. " The woman you married went from had to worse, till shle finally gave way to drink altogether, and was deserted by her paramour. Slhe was so much talkled of that I was ashamed to show my face in Melbourne at all, and so shifted my quar ters to Bendigo. While staying there r was one day accosted by a lowr-looking woman, lwho offered to sell nme a secret. I told her that if she would let me know the nature of It I would tihen be able to tell whether it was wortll my wlile to buy or not. Lowerolg her voice tinto a whisper shle aitl, 'What if I cotlo prove that Mrs. Drysdalo is not yoor daughter; that, in fact, shle Is ito no way relhted to yeot.' " ' D)one,' criedl I, in ninnazement, and my heart ieat fat at tile mere thouoght of such a thing, for at that time I was terribly in dlignant at tile state of things my sllpposed dassglltcr had made for me in Melbourne. " ' One hlunlcdred pounds down now,' said the womnan, who introduced hlerself as Mrs. Stiggins, t anl tile otiher hundred lwhen the job is finishllled. " Withoutt demur I gave hler a cllequce for one hIundred ouolnds, and then she said, 'Follow me.' I dotl so. and we walked down tile street till we canoe to Dr. Con way's door. On entering we were shown into the doctor's presence. Mrs. Stiggins thereupon inquinred of him if he remcm beredl being plresent at thle confinemenct of a Mrs. .lohn Henson. of Italston House, Blendigo, O20 years ago. The old doctor walked o'oer to a press containingo a lot of diaries. Selecting one Ie ran his finger down columnl after column. " ' Yes, here it is,' said he, ' what do you wish to lnow.' " ' Was there anything peculiar about the childl,' asked Mrs. Stiggins. " Turning again to the diary, the doctor rcplied, ' Yes, tllhere was a large dark mole remnarkable ito size andti colour in thie child's lhair at the backl of its head, and a bunch of grapes on her left arm.' " 'That will do,' answered the woman, triumphantly. ' Now, will you two gentle men come with ine.' "I assured the doctor Ie would be wellt paid, so owe followed her till we reached the hospital. W\e woreo shown into the Women's ward, upon telling the nurse that Mrs. Drysdale's father had come to see her. I was surprised to see her there. She was sinking fast, the nurse said, and was quite reconciled. " ' I do not belong to you, dad,' she re moarked, ' though I let you think I did. I come of a bad lot, and blood will tell. My proper pame was Nellie Curtain. 5y folks told me so, and made me pay wellt to keep my secret' "'Will you let us look at your head,' questioned Mrs. Stiggins. "'You may do anything you like,' snid the sick woman. " The doctor stooped down, and examined' her head. "'No,' he said, 'without a doubt, this is not your wife's child. It would have been imposible to efface that mole.' "I thereupon pressed a ten-pound note into his hands, handed another cheque to. Mrs. Stiggins, who informed me of the rest of the case as you know it. I then took leave of your wife and came away to con sult Mr. Stanning. He, infringing his rule a little, informed me of what you had written about, saying, as he did so, that he thought both you and I were on the same track, and if he made no mistake, we had both taken it up from opposite ends, which would simplify matters con siderably.- After events Droved he is right" Then Claude told his tale, with full ex planations of last night's work. " We will see the bodies," said Mr. Hen son, decidedly. I could identify Jack Cur tain's anywhere. But first," he added, turning to Claude, "I would like to see my daughter. Tell minutes later Nellie was standing' before him. After full explanations had been gently given her, her father said, " My girl, if you have no objections, we woult like to see the birth-marks." And Nellie, in nowise loth to establish her identity, showed the very mole that Mrs. Stiggins and Doctor Conway had so minutely described to Mr. Henson, and as if to establish the fact still further, she rolled up the sleeve of her dress and showed them a mark distinctly resembling a bunch of grapes on her left arm. Old Mr. Henson's emotion was very sin cere as he pressed a kiss upon his newly found daughter's brow. "I little thought of the terrible results that disputed nugget would bring my girl or I would have given it up to Curtain willitngly. I was Judgeed the rightful o\~ner of it, but Jack Curtain got even with me. He was a born villain." Upon viewing the bodies, Mr. Henson recognised Jack Curtain immediately. " Give them decent burial," he said, as he turned away with a sigh. And so after the demands of the law had been satisfied, they were laid at rest, with a plain head stone to mark the spot. It is Chriotmas Eve once more, and a couple ti a light trap are approaching Glenfernle. In the trap we recognise our old friend Claude Drysdale, and by his side his dearly loved wifd--another Amy Henson, but this time the right one, the false one being long since dead. Things have prospered at Glenfernie. Claude, having satisfied his uncle, had received the station as a gift. Amy's father had settled the whole of the property upon his dear daughter, and was shortly coming over to reside with them for good. A grand new house had been built with part of Amy's money, and fortune smiled upon them from all directions. And so in their great happiness we will leave them, and ring the curtain down upon a much happier scene than we raised it on. 