CHAPTER XIII. A MIDWINTER FROLIC. Edith had just placed one foot upon the bottom scair, when Emil_ Correlli, springing forward, overtook her. “ Pray, allow me one moment, Miss Allen,” he pleaded, laying a gently de taining hand upon her arm. “ L wish to explain to you the strange scene which has just occurred in your presence.” “ It is not necessary,” Edith returned, coldly ; “ it is something which, of course, does not concern me at all.” “ Very true ; nevertheless, you must have been exceedingly astonished to have that girl plant herself in our path, as she did. Really, Miss Allen, it was very annoying to me to he beset upon the street in such a conspicuous manner,” the gentleman remarked, in a depre catory tone. “ The girl is the daughter of the florist of whom I am in the habit of buying my flowers, and to whom I owe a small bill,” he went on to explain, “ and as she has sometimes waited upon me. she has taken it upon herself to dun me. 1 shall go down town and settle my account immediately after dinner, and they will find that they have lost a good customer by the out landish proceeding of this afternoon.” Edith made no reply to this lengthy explanation She simply stood quietly listening to him until he concluded, but in her heart she did not believe one word of it. There had been such impassioned earnestness in the beautiful stranger’s manner—such a look of mingled anguish and jealousy in the glance which she had bestowed upon her—such vehement appeal in her gestures, and in the tones of her voice, that she felt convinced that she had a far mere serious grie vance against Emil Correlli than an unpaid bill for flowers. Her companion read something of this in her expressive face, and was secretly irritated by it; but he was determined to make her respond in some way, and he added, in a rather indifferent tone, such as he would have used in commenting upon any one: The girl is rather pretty; do you not think so ?” “ Very,” Edith replied. “ But she is not an American—she appeared to me like a recently arrived foreigner.” The man flushed at this latter remark, but responded, lightly. “ Yes, the family are Italians, and they have been in the United States only a short time. The girl is pretty enough in her way; but I am more partial to blonde beauties,” he concluded, sweeping a look of undisguised admira tion over Edith’s fair face and perfect figure, which plainly indicated that she was a type of loveliness after his own heart. She reddened with indignation at thi3 compliment, and drew herself haughtily “Forgive ' me!” he cried, and assuming an air of humility before she could speak. “ I have offended you again. But, Miss Allen, if you could only know how honest and sincere I am in my admiration and affection for you, you would not scorn me so.” “You have promised—or your sister has promised for you - that you would never annoy me again,” Edith began, indignantly, as she made a move to go on upstairs. “I know, 1 know,” her companion rejoined, in a subdued tone, and putting out his hand again to detain her. “ But I cannot quite relinquish all hope, in spite of what Anna has told me. I could almost lay down my life for you, Edith,” he continued, earnestly. “ Let me try to win you—I will wait your own time—years if need be.” “ No—no! Why will you persist when I have told you that it is useless 1 ” Edith nervously interrupted. “Pray, pray do not refer to this again—I do not care for you—I could never learn to care for you —in that way.” “ You shall! You must! Oh, what can I do or say to move your obdurate heart? ” passionately exclaimed the would be lover. “Nothing—absolutely nothing. lean not listen to you, and you are cruel—un manly, to persecute'me thus, when I have repeatedly told you that it can neverij'e.” She turned suddenly as she concluded, shaking off his hand from her arm as she did so,=and went swiftly upstairs. But she had not mounted half the flight before he was 'close beside her, when, seizing her hand,'he,bent his face, which was deadly white from mingled mortification and anger, close to hers. “ It shall be 1 ” he hissed, having lost all control of himself. “ I swear that you shall yet be my wife nothing shall be too great a barrier to be swept out of my path. I have set my heart upon you, and I would sell my soul to win you! ” His eyes seemed, in his passion, to almost emit sparks of fire, while his voice, though naturally low and musical, was vibrant with a repressed fierceness that made the girl beside him quiver with fear ■and repulsion. A look of terror swept over her face, an icy chill settled upon her heart, for she seemed to be impressed, for the mo ment, that what he had said was prophe tic of some evil that was to befall her through him. Wfenching her hand from his grasp, she pushed forcibly by him, and fled up stairs, and did not pause until she had reached her own room, and locked her self within it. “ 1 will not remain, here—X am afraid I It is an uncanny household 1” she panted, as she sank, weak and trembling, upon the nearest chair. She shivered and folded her jacket closer about her, although the room was steam-heated, and warm as summer. “ There is an air of mystery about the house and the people in it that fills me with an unaccountable dread, she conti nued, in a troubled tone. “ I believe that I will go to the Copley-square Hotel to ! morrow, and ask Mrs Stewart if she will j take me as a companion, or at least re I commend me to someone who needs such an attendant.” Then she fell to musing upon the sin . gular coincidences and occurrences of the | afternoon. It struck her as very strange that -Mrs Stewart should know Emil Correlli, and that she should have betrayed so much emotion upon hearing his sister’s name mentioned. She had said that she had “ met him, speaking as if he were a comparative stranger to her, and yet her manner had betrayed that she knew something; in connection with him that was either of a painful or unpleasant nature. Then that mysterious and passionate encounter with the girl whom he called Giulia ; what could it mean 1 Certainly, something more than merely the common relations of a debtor and creditor. Edith was so overcome by lier own in terview with the man that she did not go down to dinner, and also sent a message to Mrs Goddard; asking her to excuse her for the evening, as she had a severe head ache. She retired almost immediately, but was so excited that she could hot sleep, and lay tossing for long hours, thinking —thinking, her brain in a perfect whirl, until nearly daylight, when she fell into an uneasy slumber, from which she did not wake until someone tapped upon her door very late in tlie morning* “ What is it?” she cried, starting up nervously. “ It is only I, Edith,” said the voice of Mrs Goddard, in reply. “ You were so late—it is nearly nine—I came up to see if you were sick.” “No; I have overslept; pray, excuse me, and I will soon be with you,” Edith replied, as she sprang out of bed, and hurriedly began to dreBS. “ Never mind ; I do not care if you are not ill,” the lady sweetly returned. “ Go down, when you are dressed, and tell the cook to get you something nice for breakfast, then come to me, for I have something important to tell you.” Then the swish of silken skirts told Edith that the womau was gone ; but a look of resolve swept over the girl’s face, which was wan and pale, from nervous ness and loss of sleep. “/shall have something important to tell /ter,” she murmured. “ I cannot stay here ; I will not remain another day in the same house with that dreadful man.’’ When her toilet was completed she went down to the diningroom, where she found that Mrs Goddard had already given orders for her comfort, for there was a tempting repast awaiting her. She had not much appetite, however, for she was dreading the ordeal before her, and, after drinking a .cup of coffee' and eating a roll, she went directly to Mrs Goddard’s boudoir, intending to tell her at once of her intention to leave her. But the moment she opened the door that lady looked up with, her sweetest smile of greeting. “ You poor child !” she exclaimed, in tones of gentle sympathy. “Iam afraid that you are ill, after all, for you are as white as a ghost. Lie down on the couch there, and let me bathe your head with cologne.” “ Thank you, but my headache is gone, and I am quite myself again, although I confess I did not sleep very well,” Edith returned, but wondering what had oc curred to make the lady so especially bright and gracious that morning. “ I am afraid not, truly, my dear,” madame responded. “ But, if you will not . lie down, sit over there in that sleepy-hollow chair, for I have something .very nice to tell you,” she concluded, in a sprightly tone. Edith obeyed her, while the woman’s pleasant and friendly manner made her dread, more than ever, the communica ; tion she bad determined to make. “ I am alone in the house, excepting yourself and the servants,” Mrs Goddard resumed. “ Emil has been called to New York on business—he left very suddenly, on the night train, last evening, to be gone, no one can tell how long ; and Mr Goddard went to - our country home in Wyoming this morning, to make arrange ments for a grand midwinter frolic, which we have been planning to give our friends for some time. We are going to invite a jolly company to spend a week with us, and considerable preparations will be necessary. I warn you, Edith, I shall keep you very busy during the next fort night.” Edith listened attentively to all this, but the one thing that impressed her more than anything else was the informa tion that Emil Oorrelli had gone to New York for an indefinite period. Her heart bounded within her, and she uttered a sigh of-intense relief at the good news. She had fully made up her mind, before coming downstairs, that she would leave the house that very day. But now she saw that there would be no occasion for her immediate departure, because she knew that she would be run ning a great risk in so doing, since she had no other place in view. Besides, she felt that it would be hardly fair to Mrs Goddard to go away upon such bhort notiee ; especially if Bhe was going into the country for a week; for she would then need her more than ever. Therefore, before Mrs Goddard was fairly through with her speech, she had changed her mind; and resolved to say nothing about her determination—at least until after their return to the city.. “ I do not mind being busy—I like it,” she remarked, with a faint smile, as the ladv! concluded, while she" told "heirself that- the change and employment would be very'enjoyable. . , Besides, she had never been in the country during the1 winter, and she began to be exhilarated by the thought of going a few miles out with a lively company ; even the words “ midwinter frolic’ made the blood course more rapidly m veinB, although she know she would be only an observer outside the charmed circle, rather than a participator in the merry-making. . “ I believe you,” said-Mrs Goddard, m reply to her remark. “ You are the most industrious little body in the world ! I realise that I found a treasure when 1 met you so opportunely on your way from New York. Now, if you are sure that you are able to work, I would like youto help me make out two lists—one contain ing the names of the friends who will spend the week with us, and another, naming those whom we wish to invite to the grand entertainment and ball, with which we shall wind up our festivities. Edith, her eyes no longer heavy, her face no longer pale, arose at once, and went to the table, where she worked busily during most of the day, and feel ing really happy and content in the knowledge that her would-be lover was more than two hundred miles away, and she had nothing to fear from him. But could she have known that, while she was locked within her room the previous evening, Emil Correlii and his scheming sister were closeted in the chamber of the latter, plotting mischief against her, and that this so-called “midwinter frolic” was but part of a diabolic conspiracy to entrap her unwary feet, she would have been appalled, and fled from that house without an hour’s delay. The moment Edith pushed by him on the stairs, and sped up to her room, Emil Correlii realised how rash he had been to address her again upon the forbidden subject. “ Le diable /" he exclaimed, stamping his foot. “ I can never control my tem per. I am always making mischief with this unruly tongue of mine. The girl will be more shy than ever of me now, and Anna will be angry with me for annoying her again.” He sought his sister, in her boudoir, and informed her of what had just oc curred between him and Edith, although he was very careful not to mention his recent encounter with the Italian girl who had waylaid him in the street. “ Well, Emil, you are always spoiling everything by being so hot-headed,” she had told him, after listening to his account. “ You have doubtless frightened the girl so that she is probably packing her trunk at this moment, with the inten tion of leaving the house the first thing iu the morning,” she concluded, coming nearer the truth than she really believed. “ That would never do,” he returned, with a moody look. “ She must not be allowed to go away.” “ No, not if you are realiy determined upon marrying her.” “ Of course I am determined.” “ Then you must go away for a while— pack your bag and start for New York to night, upon important business, and stay there until I send for you,” his sister remarked, after thinking a few moments. “That will be rather hard on me, Anna,” the young man responded, gloomily, “for I am so bewitched with the girl that I do not feel as if I could be away from her for even an hour.” “ I can understand that, Emil,” said madame, with slightly trembling lips; “ but I see no other way to carry out our purpose ; for Edith, in spite of her usnal gentleness, is high-spirited, and it will be very uncomfortable for her to meet you after what has occurred.” ‘ But how long must I be banished ? Have you any definite point in view ?” “ Yes ; I have been thinking the mat ter over, and I believe I have the germ of a most cunning plot m mind, which may be carried out under favorable con ditions.” Mrs Goddard returned, and then she proceeded to unfold her plan, which, for boldness, craft, and ingenuity, would have been worthy of a French intriguante of the seventeenth century. “Anna, you are a trump !” Emil Cor relli exclaimed, admiringly, when she concluded. “If you can carry that out as you have planned it, it will be a most unique scheme - the best thing of its kind on record 1” “ I can carry it out if you will let me do it in my own way ; only you must take yourself off. I will not have you here to run the risk of'spoiling every thing,” said Mrs Goddard, with a deter mined air. “ Very well, then ; I will go this very night. I will take the eleven o’clock express on the B- and A. I have such faith in your genius that I am willing to be guided wholly by you, and trust my fate entirely in your hands.” “ I can write you from time to time, as the plan develops,” she replied, “and send you instructions regarding the final act.” “ All right, go ahead—I give you carte blanche for your expenses,” said Monsieur Correlii, as he rose to leave the room. Five hours later he was fast asleep in a Pullman berth, and flying over the rails towards New York. And thus we find Edith remaining con tented with madame, and doing her utmost towards helping her get ready for the country frolic, and without a suspi cion that she was assisting in building the altar upon which she was to be ruth lessly sacrificed. (To be Continued) 