TERRIBLE BURNING ACCI- DENT. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STOVE 1'II'E. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYING PAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. "While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and hnrnt in a terrible way. The aliock of the burning and tho fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a number of years after he was a confirmed invalid, suffered terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forma of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neighbourhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had had a most marvelous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumours that a special reporter from the Sydney Worker was despatched to get all information regarding same, and o/ie^ afternoon ho made his way to his house,' 4,5 Crow-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thos. Jarvis was discovered nursing a two- year-old baby, and his face declared him orle of the happiest' meYi in Sydney. He was up and .about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing a few. marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary- questions he said :—" You want to know all about my .case Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering ?" " Well) twelve months ago I got BO bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a batli in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failfng health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?"' " Simply indescribable. The pains were- something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and I was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep, On the 2ord Marcli last I saw a wellknown doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order '?" " No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, 1 could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease tho agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He cams to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, characterized by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the caso of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workmen, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvelous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep "as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches there '? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." " He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life, and nude another man of him." A friend who had called in at this point Baid that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previous. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box ef opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can staywhere they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in 1H2. Thev can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and.it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis fiom infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abbatoirs twelve months months ago owing to a malady which IIG developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen wasf therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Perth, W.A., who will forward, post paid, on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for vs., or half-dozen for los. 9d. See that the genuine Dr. Williams' are gotten. People crossed in love are apt.to be very cross afterwards. 