°thi ot G rA 1 ... A FATHER'S SIN. CHAPTER V.-Continued. Pearl let her pupil have her own way, and in their pl-asant intercourse with edeh ohter, the two whose lot in life was so widely different became firm friends and allies ; and all at Leydon Court, from Sir Jasper him self to the stable-help, whose aged mother was one of Agaha's chief ' protegees,' as they watched the deformed girl's happy face and saw how congenial to her was the society of her new governess, rejoiced in the presence of the beu'iful graceful creature who seemed to have dropped 1 ke an angel from the clouds into their midst. Pearl had won all hearts but one in her new home, and that was one was Lidy Ffrench's. It was this evident dislike of her by Agatha's mother which -made the girl feel that her position was one of sufferance, that she was a hire. ling, a dependent, watched and suspected for fear she would presume upon any kindness or attention shown her, or fail in the per formance of the duties for which she had been engaged. Without being positively unkind, Lady Ffrench was nevertheless chilling and re pellent in her manner to her daughter's gove, ness, rarely addressing her except to issue a command or to res,uke a fancied negligence, and by her ha.ghty, stare, when Pearl ventured a voluntary remark in her presence, effectually preventing any attempt on the girl's part to appear on an equal foot ing with the family. Pearl often wondered what was the, reason of her ladyship's coolness to her, anl why all her efforts to please her m ýt with no recognition. She gave up wondering at last in despair, and went on her way as though no such person existed as the haughty fretful mistress of Leydon Court, trying to find solace for Lady Ffrench's systematic disregard of her in Agatha's love and Sir Jasper's never-failing kindness and attention, e which. whenever his step-mother had been more than usually aggressive, he seemed careful to exhibit with redoubled solicitude. And so the early summer days passed away, and June, with its rose said hay scented zephyrs, came nearly to an-end. Lady s Ffrench was talking of going to London for a few weeks according to her custom in the season, Sir Jasper accompany her, while Agatha and her governess would remain s behind at Court till the h,eginning of August ' when the household begin to migrate to Sir Jasper's shooting-box in the highlands, where a party of his sporting friends was to join him to make havoc amtnong the grouse on the heath c ivered moors. a 'You will be enchanted with Glen Ails,, d bliss St Claire ! ' Agatha had once said, with sparkling eyes. 'It is the one place on nF earth, except Leydon, that I love ; and every year I seem to look forward with greater delight to going there, and leave it with greater regrer, fearing that I may if never see it again. I should like to die gazing upon those glorious muntains, where when the asu sets, I picturn to myself such a bright sweet view of the Eternal COty from their lofty summit !' Agatha often talked in this dreamy poetic. to strain, her large soft dark eye fixed with a far-off look towards the horizon ; and. since Pearl had been with her, she seen ed to ne open her heart to her as she had never done to anyone before, speaking of her life as b hearly closed and appearing to rejoice ther6 he 1 am of no use in the world,' she . would wl aay=-' neither useful nor ornameriadl ; per haps I may be both in the next. At any t rate, I shall do what I can for others while I live ; but, beyond that, life has no attrac- rel tions for tme, as it has for other girls, and I am only happy when I am in the country, so( with those who love me as companions,' and with my pets, birds, the lovely landscape, flowers and sunshine as my pleasure. 'I don't ip want to live to he old, though Jasper s-yes ll it is wicked of me to say so ; but, as I tell do him, he often says thit he has nothing to a 1 live for, and that he doesn't value his life- till only of course Ie may find a wife to -love tril him one of these days when I am gone, and Da then he will be haI py again.' ' Is your brother not happy now, then ' fro Pearl had asked one day when Agatha was alking thus. : ie 'Not always, I think. Ho had a great ;roruble once-only nobody is allowed to wat nn?tion it-nod the memory of it hannts Ag aim. I wish he could be very, very happy I A Slove him so very much-in faet, I could ob live without Jasper l ' S-;After this, Miss St Claire regarded the courteous genial master of L-ydon Court with increased interest, and, in pity for the love fflair-' some horrid woman jilted him of course,' she said to herself-which had embittered his life, tried by every means in her power to show him how greatly ahe ap preciated his uniform kindness to herself. It was the last day of June-a cloudless morning, the sun shining brightly, the birds singining joyously, the flowers sending forth sweet perfumes. In the Oak Room at Leydon Court break fast was laid ; but the apartment had only one -occupant, Marguerite St. Claire, who stood beside the table intently reading a lebt'r. SItb was evidently not a' pleasant one, rort as'sherliaised her heald.after the first perusal of it and gaz-d thoughtfully from the win dow, her face was pale, and there was an ex preision of anger in her eyes. ITnsolent !' she murmured. He thinks to frighten me by threats ; but we shall see !' -and, turning to the pages in her hand, she once more read the obnoxious epistle'to the end: SIMy, dear Pearl-You see I have die. cover·d your whereabouts. It is strange that Leydon Court, of all places, should be your home ; but it is all -the better perhaps as far as I am concerned. My object in writing to you now is to remind you of our compact, and to tell you that, unless you keep to your promise to marry me at the end of-the year, I intend-to Jet the, world know your ftakher's secret. Youir thalreb to in that you will never be my wife if I reveal all 1 know is an idle one;'since, if you refuse, you 'can scarcely make a livelihood for yourself. -'Your-father's sin, be sure, will be visited upon you, his child; and the world condones nothing of this nature, however lenient it may be to vice pure and simple which comps short of taking life. I hear the master of Leydon is unmarried. Beware of letting him make love to you, for jealousy s icks at nothing, and mine is fierce and strong ; You would scarcely like to have him hear what I can tell him. Forgive me if this letter reads harsh and ungallant. I love you, Pearl, my darling; and I must and will win ydu for nd my wife ! This must be my excuse for all I er say and do, - Yours devotedly,-: . . .. ' C. DAnTREY.' nd ' He shall never win me--never ! I- have m-. sworn it ! ' the girl muttered, as she crushed ier the lei:er in her hand. 'He may" do what he will, but he dare not .ell them-here.- Ohi ice no, no-that would kill me! I-- ' ty She stopped, putting her hand to. her the throat as she gasped for the breath which ire ended in a sob. When the door opened and 'el Sir Jasper entered, she was calmly putting sugar into the cus, - or ' Good morning ! Here is a lovely'day ! ' dy he exclaimed, as he came to her side and held ter out his hand. 'Why, what is the matter, he Miss St. Claire? You look as pal .as .a ne ghost ! No b ed news, I hope ?7'-gliancing at the crushed letter in her hand, . - -. 'or No; I am not quite well, thank you. :ss Yes-it is a lovi.ly morning, Have you \- been out '. ad Pearl had placed her h tnd in his ; bat, as` she spoke, she drew it sharply away, and y began to pour out the tea without looking at him. Sir Jasper however never took his eyes to from her face noting every detail of the -fair td picture sihe made, and won-ering what would have made her -cheeks which- now were flushed a bright piik, so pale and ghastly - t- ' Yes. I have been to order the dog-cart t to take us to Dingle Dale. Agatha and' I nettled it all with Lady Ffrench last'night : nln we are to have our long-deferred picnic to day. Are you willing to gol' - This time Pearl raised her eyes to h is . . ' Yes, indeed,' she answered ; '-it'will: -be r delightful I And it is just the day for it !1 c Who are going ' Y r ' Only you and 1 and Agatha; we are not even going to take Jenkins, though I P suggeste.l that four is a better number than ti three. You know the old adage 7'-looking 0 down at her with amused eyes. - ' Did you intend Jenkins to be my cavalier ci then 7' she retorted, with a- mischievous smile. ' Because- h ' Good g.acious-no,' was the horror stricken reply. ' Don't talk rubbish; you know very well I intended nothing of the to sort ! When are you going for that ride tI with me, Miss St Ilaire 7' p ' Ohl-soine day,' she answered, rather rt hesitatingly, wishing he would go round to a his own aide of the table and read his letters, m instead of standing close beside her, looking di at her. 'Humph--rather vague, thlat I f you al don't-fix a day before I go away to London at next week, I shall-that is all.' .D Pearl laughed. m ' Very well;' site said--' so be it.' ' Then you will go '--' Y-a-s.i' fo,: " S?Your tone, I must say, does not sountid as re if you were willing.' th * Oh, yes, ITam; only--' tel Wall-only what l'T-- i don't ?nrn ij lie Lady Flrench'willlike--. ' ' 1y dear child, Ladly' F'rench has nothing cb to do with it. Besides, she leaves on ha Saturday.' ha Pearl's heart gave a. throb of thankful W ness. ' I could " not 'go' without' hlier knlowing Tb about it,' she answered gently. I must ask her cojsent.' fro An;expression came. into Sir Jasper's eyes coa which Pearl did not quite understand. ha ' Of coairse-quite right,' he said. ' We U will tell her our plans, and see what she in thinks of them-eh?' And .then, to her the relief, Pearl heard Agatha's step, and Sir son Jasper wetb to his own seat, where he was be soon engrossed in a pile of correspondence. our 'o?iIuther. doesn't seem to like our going 'tb to-day, Jasper,' Agatha began, as she drew' up her chair to the table. 'She says she is ill and cannot he left alone, What shall we cau do I.. It is such a lovely day, and it does seem' t a pity to miss it l You aee, if we pub it ofl. till you come l.ack from London, all the whc trippers will he down here, and then Dingle cl Dale will be simply horrid I' the Sir Jasper looked up from his letters and hav frowned. litt"l ' What is the matter witlh your mother ' rhe lie asked sharply. - * One of her nervous attacks, she says,' -, was the reply, made rather sarcastically, for in , Agatha had little or no belief in her whe ladyships fancied ailments. 'She thinks she cert has taken a chill.' and ' Would Lady Ffrench like me to remain were at home ' Pearl asked timidly, addressing Sir Jasper. The frown deepened on his brow. 'No-certainly not,' he replied. ' Why, b is on your own account that I-that we' hastily correcting, himself--'.planned the expelition.' ' Yes,' added Agatha-' mother kncws that; and I wanted her to let me stay at home with her and Miss St Claire accompany you, Jasper.' ' Well-and won't she I' Sir Jasper's tone was eager, and as he spoke, he laid down the letter he was reading. Agatha coloured anl hesitated. , No.' she said at last. 'Mother said we could quite well wait a day or'two until she was better ; it would make no .difference to us. But it does. I made up my-mind to go to.day..: Besides, mother never wanted any one to stay with' lier before ; she always says she prefers to be alone :wheni she is not well.' There' wdire teari in, '-Agatha's ;eyes- and liaer lips 'quivered" .Sir Jasper looked really' angry riow ; a`ndd Pearl, noting the ;expression -on his kindly handsome face, wai: glad thiat he hiad not been the one to call it there. - 1 I wvill speak to yoiur mother `pir?enily, !Agatha. ", Eat your breakfast),-child. Danlnie is quite tired of begging on his hind legs for his'; anid with a smile at his little half- sister, the Baronet` returned to his correspondence, as though -the- matter was satisfactorily sottldd. And so ibtwas .;for, when about an hour afterwaids Sir Jasper made his appearance in the School-room, where Miss St. Claire and her pupil were busy with the numerous pets, he bade them pub on their outdoor garments at once, as the dog cart would be round in ten minutes. ' Yur mother ids quite willing that you should not miss this lovely day;i'he' said, .addressing his half-sister. ' And she is not' ill enough to require anyone to sabay at home on her account.' The last words were spoken in a muttered tone; but Pearl heard them, and wonder.ed what had passed between' him and his step mother to call forth the almost angry emphasis with which he uttered them. -She-did inotc however let the problem trouble her much.- The day was too fair and the thought of the coming pleabure too sweet to allow of any foreboding to mar the happi nees of the mtoment. Pearl resolverd-toforget everything disagreeable until this one delightful day sh-uld be a thing of the past. i The dog-cart bowled swiftly along the shady lanes, and gay were the voices and laughter of its occupants. Pearl forgot that she was Agatha's governess, and should be staid and prim, rs became her position. She remembered only that .she was young and happy-too happy,. she told. herself, for the dream to last . [TO 'I CONToINUED 