amusements. v : PRINCESS'S THEATRE.— THE GEISHA. AN ENTHUSIASTIC AUDIENCE. It was a foregone conclusion that tbe pre- mlore of The Geisha would he "rushed," though probably even the management did not anticipate turning quite so much good money awny, from sheer lack of room, ns tlicy had to on Saturdny. Expectation natu rally ran very high with respect to a piece which lias but -recently completed an unin terrupted career ot more than two years nt Daly's Theatre In London; and with regard to the prime essentlnls of providing n light and diversified evening's entertainment, The Geisha evidently fulfilled the highest antici pations of the vast majority of those present. M'lille almost destitute of any coherent plot worth the name, the action unfolds Itself in a scries of vivacious and amusing episodes, all connected tolerably closely with tbe main —if slender— thread on which the story hangs; tile music, always light and tunetul, If it has no pretensions to rival the graceful fancy of a Sullivan, rises at times to a level far higher than In most comic operas of tbe day; and though there are uo particular "sot scones" wherein by a supreme effort tbe spectator is amazed by seme coup d'ocil of dazzling magnificence, tho eye is continually appealed to from the first rise to tbe final .Tall of the curtain by a series ot delightful and ever varying stage pictures, and one brlngsaway the recollection of a maze of gor- geotisdresscs,ofgraccfiiI figures rhythmically swnylng, amid a profusion of delicate wis teria, or a glow of chrysanthemums, and backed by two of the prettiest and most de lightful of tho many lovely landscapes that tbe brush ot Mr. George Gordon has ever painted. In nn evening of ovations, the first, and ouo of the heartiest, of all was that which called this skilful scenic artist before tbe footlights, the action ot the play being Interrupted to allow of his coming for ward Iu response to tbe long contluued ap plause which followed tho rise of the cur tain. The entrance ot Mr. William Paull, already very favorably known here ns a con cert singer, hut who has hitherto been pre vented hy Ill-health from appearing on tbe operatic stage, was the signal for a renewed outburst of hearty welcome; while the new prima donua. Miss Florence- Perry, found herself in turn the recipient of a similar greeting, almost embarrassing from its ex cessive warmth. Nor wore these expres sions ot goodwill confined to the newcomers, Miss Dorothy Vane, who Is now an estab lished favorite, 31 r. George Lnurl. Mr. How ard Vernon, aud In fact most of tho "old stagers" being treated in like fashion; while throughout the performance encores — often double and triple— were the order of the evening. Tn flue, the popular verdict was emphatic, and practically unanimous; aud, so far as first night indications are to he trusted, a long and prosperous career may be confidently predicted for the new 'opera. As already Indicated,, the story is .of slight and almost flimsy construction. The "heroine" — It such a term he applicable is a certain Molly Senmore. who Is betroth ed to one Reginald Fairfax, an officer ou H.M.S. Turtle. She Is on a visit to Japan, travelling In the yacht ot Lady Constance Winn, nnd while In that singular land she learns that her fiance, whose ship Is stn- tloned there, hns been a trifle too eager t.o assimilate the customs ot tho country, and iu cspeclat that one whleh prescribes fllrta- tiou with the Geisha (or singing girls at (lie tea houses), ns the correct, and proper way of putting in spare Lime. She therefore decides on masquerading as a Geishn — the word, it may he meutionod. is pro nounced . to rhyme with "Asia"— in order to test his Oddity, and enlists the nld ot O Mimosa San, the chief of the Gelslin, to that/end. The scheme doesn't work too well, since the Chinese who "ruus" the tea house Incurs the displeasure of a local magnate, the Marquis I mail, and the latter orders his licence to be cancelled, and all the Geisha to he sold hy auction. As a result poor Dolly finds liersolf purchased hy the Marquis, and Is bard put to it to avoid becoming Ills wife. Mimosa, however, con trives to effect her rescue at the last mo ment by substituting for her a French girl, Juliette Dlnmant, who had been engaged nt the tea house as interpreter. Dolly is there upon united to Roggy, tho mnrquis hns to be content with JulictLe, nnd Mimosa herself plights her troth to a captain In the local; forces. This epitome hardly suggests a story cnpable of filling up nn entertainment of throe hours' duration; but it. is, so.to say, padded out with a variety of humorous opi-. sodes, with pretty songs nnd dunces, nnd some very pleasing concerted numbers; and ns a result the audience wns so delighted thnt there was qnlte n succession of calls and recalls nt the conclusion of the opera. Miss Florence Perry, the now soprano, made a prompt nnd unequivocal success as O Mimosa Snn. She has 11 voice of full and agreeable quality, whleh she uses artisti cally, and ns the composer hns been liberal to her in the matter of tuneful ballads nnd telling solo passages, tills .branch of her qualifications wns In frequent evidence. As an actress she is also highly gifted, being graceful in gesture and piqunnt In manner. The scene in which she is Initiated hy Roggy Fairfax Into tho mysteries of the European kiss was most amusingly carried out aud charmingly snug to boot, aud tills is merely one of a number of instances in which the clever little lady won golden opinions from nil present. As Molly Senmore Miss Dorothy Vano's undoubted talent, whether In song. In acting or in the dance, had abundant scope. It is a "fat" part, affording her in numerable opportunities to display her voice, her versatility and her vivacity. From her first entry, hauling a "Jlnrlkshn" (orthogra phy not guaranteed), to her filial escape from tho matrimonial tolls wherein she was so nearly eutneshed, she had the house almost at her mercy, nnd It would not he easy to hazard a guess how many en cores she had to take for some of licr songs, notably, the song nt the auction sale. The Monkey on the Stick nnd The Interfering Parrot. The part of Juliette Dlnmant Is, by comparison with the two above referred to, of tnlnor importance; lint this did not prevent Miss Rose Musgrove from making 11 decided lilt. I-Ier prettily assumed French accent anil her archly demure demeanor may be specially referred to, while her song L'Amour L'Amour, and a whimsically comic duet with 31 r. Laurl, were prominent among the suc cesses o- ae evening. Neither Miss Beatrice) Terry (Nami) nor 3Irs. Henry Brac.v (Lady Constance) had a part of much prominence, nnd both were fully equal to the small de mands upon their resources; while -tiiss Lily Tlrhcradge, as the Midshipman, looked lior role to perfection nnd illtl what little she had to do admirably, tho gallant little offi cer's Indignant comment "These Japanese girls are d d cheeky," after Jllmosn bad surreptitiously kissed "him," evoking a roar of laughter. It is unfortunate that just when we have, In Sir. Charles Kennlnghnni. the most accom plished tenor who lias ever appeared here In comic opera, a piece, nnd ouo likely to hold its own for several weeks, should lie staged wherein ills valuable services nro not required. SVitli n quartet, nf princi pals like Sliss Florence Perry. Sliss Dorothy 3'nne, Sir. Kenninghnm and Sir. SVillinin Pnnll, the company need fear no compari sons, since the whole four are good both at singing and acting. Tlic last named. Indeed, speedily proved himself n tower of strength In the baritone music, imparting a degree of nrtlstlc finish to his rendering of a stirring naval ditty, nnd of a somewhat sentimental ballad in the second net, thnt we do not usually find in performances of comic opera, while lie wns partieiilartly happy in liis ducts with Sliss Perry nnd Sliss Vane in the first act; and throughout lie made. Roggy a fine manly snilor, aiid a type of what a British officer should, be. (This remnrk, be it noted, lias reference solely to his demeanor nnd bearing, nnd Is not to he taken ns endorsing the propriety of his "goings on" with the Geisha girls.) Sir. George Lnuri, ns SYun-hi the Chinese, wns in tensely funny. His make-up wns literally lifelike, his "pidgin English" must alone have cost him hnrd study- to acquire; and these, with the usually stolid expression, lighted up nt times by the merest ghost of n smile, combined to make this one of the happiest of the many clever bits of character acting he lias given us. He bad to sing, too— and did It well; while to see him bounding about tho stage like some gigantic football, or, nt least, like a crea ture completely devoid of joints lind back bone, wns as diverting to the beholder as It must have been fatiguing to the performer. Sir. Howard Vernon's Imnri Irresistibly re called his Koko, though for this he is not responsible— nor, for tho matter of tlint. Is anyone else. Some voice trouble obviously affected bis speech, although, as he had no singing ,to do, It Interfered hut - little', with his success. The character Is not of great moment, but Mr. Vernon Is the last 'man to miss n chance of making a point In the dialogue, so that he must be considered to have contributed his full share to the even- lug's amusement. Sir. P. Batburst was satisfactory as Captain Katana, Mimosa's soldier-lover; and Sir. Sydney. Braey did well— nnd danced well— ns Dick Cunningham (of H.M.S. Turtle). Sir. Fred. Young, as the Marquis's agent, lind plenty to say, but (mercifully) little lo sing, that little being sung nlmost continuously out of tuoe; and the host of minor characters were cnpnbly fi!le<l; wlillc chorus nnd orchestra, under Sir. Leon Gnron's careful control, acquitted themselves admirably, special praise being due to a well written unaccompanied num ber in act I., to the finale of the same act, and to a Japanese chorus in act IF. SVc have followed the nlnyhill in desig nating The Geishn ns an "opera." Viewed as a whole, however, it is rather on the lines of a "musical comedy." and approaches more closely to productions such ns In Town or Morocco Bound than to wlint is gene rally understood by the term "opera." Yet Sir. Sydney Jones, while he has by uo means neglected to appeal to the ears of those who like uo music save that which has n jingling tune, which , they can carry away with them nnd whistle nftcrwards In the streets, hns also entered for those of higher tastes. There are. In fact, many effective anil musi- einnly numbers In his score, particularly several of Slimosn's solos, and some of the concerted pieces; while the orchestration Is cnrofully done, and always effective. Even when using a more rollicking tune, as in a quartet in Act II., the composer adds a little touch of graceful melody for Slimosn which nt once rescues the number from the cate gory of trivial inanities to which a musician would otherwise .relegate it. Of plot, as we have snld, there is little; but such ns it is. it serves to Introduce abundance of amusing incidents which, while not very closely knit together, may still ho regarded as connecled with Its elucidation. It Is not a piece that makes one think; hut. it makes one laugh, aud so servos Us purpose. The first mntluce of The Geisha will be given on Monday next (Boxing . day), at 2 p.m. Sir. Harry Rlckards's latest attraction at the Opera. House Is the strong man, Samp son, whoso performance consists of lifting and bearing heavy weights, and doing some surprising feats with chains. The weights he bandied were announced ns being of 5G lb., 200 lh. nnd 300 II). respectively, nnd sub sequently he upheld a platform which, with several persons who were standing upon it. wns said to mnke a burden of 1000 lb. This latter weight wns lowered upon him with jacks, nnd removed by the same means. SYith n blow ot his fist Sampson broke a couple of chains suspended loosely between perpendicular bars — they were substantial looking chains, sueli as might have served for traces In a waggon team— nnd a shorter one. fastened round the bleeps ot his right arm, he succeeded 111 snapping nsunder by n sudden upward contraction of the muscles. The performer, assuming naturally thnt the soundness of the chains would be doubted, offered to have them tested in (he pulling of heavy loads. The lastnamcd feat specially Impressed the audience, aud Sampson wns very henrllly applauded. Another ot his achievements was the breaking into two pieces nf a shilling with Ills fingers. The coin, handed to him by one of the nndienec for this task was, he snld, a particularly tough one, and he had to bend It to nnd fro several times before it broke. Sampson's physical build nnd development nre notice ably uncommon, ne has -vast, bleeps nnd large muscular development In the lower limbs, hut he seems deficient somewhat in proportionate breadth ncross the shoulders and weight ot trunk. His hands nnd wrists, too. are rather slighter than might have been expected. Str. Rlckards's company also In cluded on Saturday evening Lieutenant Frank Travis, the ventriloquist; Sflss Kitty Yager nnd SItss Rnsslyn, aerlo-eomlc vocni- lsts and dancers: Mr. Fred. Toplar, char aeter vocalist; nnd Sir. YYnllnco King, Sir. Sydney Deane and Sir. Will SVhitburn. Sir. SVallnce King had . marked success with the tenor bnllnd. Irene. Good Night, anil Sir. SVIiltburn nfllicted the house with 'severe spasms of laughter for n copulo of minutes by showing how a fencing master acquitted himself as substitute for the conductor of an orchestra. It was the funniest thing tills performer lind done for a long time. The Brougli Company will give its final performance of Mr. L. sr. Tarker's play. The Happy Life, nt tlio Bijou Theatre, on Wednesday evening. On Christmas eve the theatre will; be re-opened with a production of the comedy, Madame Sans-Gene, as adapt ed l).v Sir. Com.vns Carr from the Frencli of Rnrdnn nnd Sloronn. The melodrama. The Fatal Card, wns again witnessed by a full house nt the Theatre Royal on Saturdny evening. - In sustained interest lind dramatic qunlltv it. is one of the host plays In Sir. Bland Holt's repertoire. It will lie withdrawn oh Fritlny cvenlng to make way for the Christmas pro duction. New Babylon, a spectacular play. Illustrating English, anil esneelnlly London, life. .Severn I elaborate tableaux liave-bcen prepared for the piece. 1 ; : t 