THE GIMCRACK CLUB. [Chronicled by W. T. G.] The usual weekly meeting of the Gim- crack Club was held at the rooms, Cartridge-street, Balmain, on Wednesday night, the president (Mr Gripsnap) oc- cupying the chair. Mr Chickenham said he wished to compliment the Honorable the Postmaster-General, for his wise de- cision to sack a lot of telegraph messen- gers who had grown so old in the service of their bleeding (not to say blanky) country that they were getting £1 a week. These telegraph messengers—— Mr Snagglewit: Why shouldn’t the ‘Herald’ messengers be sacked as well as the 'Telegraph' messengers ? The President : Horder! The hon. member will be getting quinzy sore throat like Ranjitsinhji, through talking too much through the side of his neck. The messengers referred to are not in the employ of the 'Daily Telegraph.' Mr Snagglewit : Then Watkin be the matter with them ? If I Courtney mes- senger doing wrong I'd take Carey didn't Wynne my regard. The President : The messengers are in the employ of the Government and are to be sacked because Mr Cook thinks a pound a week too much for a young man with a wife and family. Mr. Chickenham said he was about to say, when he was interrupted, that in the matter the country would be with Mr Cook. Why should these men be revelling in twenty bob a week while Postmaster General got a beggarly £1350 a year for doing nothing in parti- cular, beyond attending Wesleyan tea-fights and teetotal muffin-struggles ? Was not the aim of freetrade Cheapness ? And if an able financier like J. Cook could save the country from expense by the wholesale discharge of these young men, then J. Cook deserved the thanks of the country and several other things. He had been a working man himself and knew that the only way to keep the working man in subjection was to half starve him. (Applause). Mr Cook s action would doubtless appeal to the sympathy of the Labor League voters who first pitch- forked him out of a coal-pit into Parlia- ment. Mr Chuckleben : When Joseph Cook was in the pit Away in Staffordshire, He didn't think a little bit The world would e'er require That his gigantic intellect It's customs should disperse, But now he's fit in one respect To run the universe. The messengers will get the sack, And infant's he ll employ. And have a brand upon the back Of every little boy. No interference he will brook, A born Dictator, he, The earth is owned by Joseph Cook, The brilliant P. M. G. Oh, Joseph is a brilliant man, A brilliant man, indeed, And just the sort of cove who can Get on with G. H. Beid. A simple sort of bloke was he Before he get so far, But since he's been the P. M. G. 'E dunno w'ere 'e are. Mr Podbury said he observed that Mister James Fairfax of the 'Herald' had been knighted by the Queen, pre- sumably because the Queen felt that the ‘Herald’ was not beknighted enough already. But he saw no Birthday Honor for Mr Norton of TRUTH. No man revered her Majesty more than he (the speaker) did ; but the Queen Norton to make these abominable distinctions. He begged to move, therefore, that the Gimcrack Club confer a title on Mr Norton. The title should be Duke of Fitzroy and Earl of Caulfield. The President : What about a coat of arms? Mr Podbury : You're always poking that long nose of yours in where it isn't wanted. The President : Order ! The honorable member is distinctly out of order in re- ferring to the Chair's nose. The Chair s nose is its own nose, and must not be dis- respectfully referred to. Mr Snagglewit : Your nose and my nose are both noses, the Lord nose. Mr Chickenham : Talking of noses, some members were talking in the Parliament- ary refreshment room one night about the Premier's nose, how short it was, how elevated, and so on, when in walked the animated tallow-cask — I refer, of course, to the Right Hon. the Premier. Mr Reid said, ‘Look here, you fellows, I object to my nose being made a topic of conversa- tion.' But Jack Want said, 'Oh, don't mind, George, old chap ; we were short of something to talk about, and took the first thing that turned up !' The President : Question before the chair is meeting confers title Duke Fitzroy Earl Caulfield John Norton, many opinions aye, contra' 'pinions no, ayes have it ! Mr Snagglewit : What is all this about ? The President: The ignorance of the honorable member is only equalled by that of the barrackers for the Convention Bill. I put the motion in the proper Par- liamentary form. Members of Parliament never understand motions as put by the Speaker, but that makes no difference in the order of procedure. Next question is coat of arms for the new Duke. Mr Podbury : I would suggest a shield with two judges, Backhouse and Docker, as supporters on either side ; on face of shield Hagey Institute rampant) ; motto, 'Beware of the Snag;” Watson's Bay bar sinister on field of blue ; crest, two cross quills, with scroll taken from the garter motto, 'Any sort of quills make pens !' Mr Chickenham thought a Lyne ram- pant and a broken Reid shaking before the wind and the motto 'What went ye out for to see ?' would be suitable. After disoussion Mr Podbury's sugges tion was adopted, and it was decided to ask the 'Herald ' office to draw up a coat of-arms in accordance with suggestions made. Mr O'Moses : Talking of Norton, has Mr Coalfield entered any more writs for contempt of court lately ? The President : I am not aware. Mr Coalfield was a brilliant political person who was always going to stand for the Hartley electorate in John Hurley's time, but never did so. Perhaps he felt he was Hartley good enough, or that the Hurley b rd was sure to catch the worm ! Mr. O'Moses : Talking of the Convention Bill—— Mr Chickenham: Who's talking about the Convention Bill ? Mr O'Moses : Everybody, from Toby Barton to the little boy who asks questions and answers them himself in the 'Evening News.' Talking of the Bill—— Mr. Chuckleben : Mow, Benjamin Brill was a friend of the Bill, And Timothy Trill was agin it Said Benjamin Brill Unto Timothy Trill, ‘What's the blather and skite of the popular will, And the coin it will cost to the National till? I’ll be blowed if there's anything in it— Still, I ain't fer voting agin it !' Said Timothy Trill unto Benjamin Brill, 'There'e a billet for them as can win it, If they're well up the hill, And can swallow a pill, And their voices are loud, and their bellow- ing shrill. And they're blest with the gift of Bartonian skill. But for others there's nothing muoh in it ! Whioh is why I am voting agin it' 'But,' said Benjamin Brill unto Timothy Trill, ''Tis a theme our credulity taxes, And the toss of the Bill, And the friends of the Bill, Such as Barton and Want, would be perfectly ill If you hinted that either was after the till, When their virtue each day stronger waxes— Though they're all of 'em grinding their axes! Then said Timothy Trill unto Benjamin Brill, 'It's as plain as the Post Office steeple That you're in for a grill If you vote for the Bill, And you're bound to be fried, if you don't take the pill, And the talk is all hogwash and damnable swill, It don't matter a damn to the people ! Not the ghost of a damn to the people ! The President said the Club ad- mired the sentiment of the honorable member, but deeply regretted the use of the word d——n. There was one Sydney paper that was so intensely respectable that in mentioning a well known firm in its commercial columns it always printed the name 'Harrison, Jones, and D— lin.' That was a paper that would undoubtedly meet with the strong support of Alderman Saintly Burdekin, who was a perfect whale for respectability. He regretted that the hon. member should have used the word damn, unless in relation to the waterworks at Prospect, which might sometimes be regarded as a fine Prospect damn, and at other times as a damn fine prospect ! Mr O'Moses said the one cheering feature of the Federal campaign was the statesmanlike attitude of the Premier. If you'd look at it you'd be sure to admire it. While other leading men declaimed against the Bill the Premier took up an unostentatious position on the fence. It did not matter which way Federation went, the Premier's cake was dough, D-o-u-g-h, Dough ! And that was a sweet and blessed thing for the country. Mr Reid had befoodled and befuddled the minds of the presumably intelligent electors of this great and glorious country for four years with fatuous flapdoodle and doddering tarradiddle, but Federation had exposed him as a spineless jellyfish who found himself between the devil and the deep sea because he couldn't please both the 'Herald' and 'Telegraph' at once. Those two papers had boomed the Premier for years. Now one of them said he was a fool if he didn't oppose the Bill, while the other said he was a perfect ass if he did. He was therefore compelled to choose between being a fool and a perfect ass, and seemed in a fair way to be re- garded as both. The Premier had been to a place called Bar-thirst (because the public there all rushed up to the bar with a red-herring thirst when a stranger came along) and made a speech which led to his being generally execrated all round. If the Federation Bill did no other good it would show the people of New South Wales what a muddle-headed turnover and shuf- fler they had been worshipping during the past four years. Mr Chuckleben : The federal contest clearly proves In mild colloquial terms, That Barton's one of the early birds And Reid is one of the worms ! For Toby'll find his hair is curled, If the Bill gets beat we know, But Reid is simply dead to the world, Whichever way things may go ! Mr Snagglewit : I thought you said before that Toby Barton was after a federal judgeship ? Mr Chuckleben : So he is, but George Reid is bewildered. He don't know what he's after. Mr Podbury said he couldn't understand why all these patriots were going round the country at their own expense if there was nothing hanging to it. It was cer- tainly a remarkable thing to see so much self sacrifie manifested, all for the benefit of the people, and made him feel a bit suspicious himself. Mr Chickenham : But you have no Soul. These patriots are all doing it be- cause their Soul is devoted to the interests of this, their native oountry. Mr Chuckleben : We hear of the people with bushels of tin, (Too awfully mean to 'blow' it), Deploring the fact of the poverty in The land, and the mis'ry through it. They talk of the terrible burden of wealth, It hampers their pleasure and injures their health, But still they keep hoarding and scrap's ; by stealth, And nobody makes 'em do it ! We hear of our clergymen (only a few!) Who, preaching of avarice, view it As something most horrible, damnable too, And beg us with tears to eschew it! They preach of the saints who had no cash at all, That happiness built upon lucre must fall, But oh, how they jump at a lucrative ‘call !’ And nobody makes 'em do it! Our members of Parliament blather and skite (Please Providence, dozens shall rue it ), They never do anything, morning or night, And talk as if nobody knew it ! And some have been strongly opposed, so they say, To Payment of Members, for many a day. But every humbug still pockets his pay, And nobody makes 'em do it ! The President : As the Governor of North Carolina said to the Governor of South Carolina on a certain memorable occasion, 'It's a long time between drinks.' I move that the club do now adjourn and drink success to Joe Cook and Secretary Bevill. The motion was carried nem. con, and the club adjourned. Probably no man living has written the words to so many songs as Mr Frederick Weatherly, yet he is only 45 years old. Mr Weatherly was born at Fortishead, a little place at the mouth of the Avon, not very far from Bristol, and not long after leaving Oxford University he was called to the bar. Dr W K Grayson, of Whitehouse, Texas, closes an article in the Texas Medical News on July, 1899, on 'Tobacco—Its Nature and Effects upon the Human Economy' as loi owe : 'The use of tobacoo is one of the worst forms of intemperance and one of the surest means to produce disease’ Morally, it is a filler of untimely graves, a slayer of conscience, a crowder of insane asylums, a maker of drunkards, a seducer of female innocence, an insidious, wily, successful tempter to the bad, a breaker-down of honor, a stiller of emotion, t scourge to man, contemner of God, a laugher at religion, mocker of human agony, a snake whose coils once round a man proves stronger than cords and coils of steel.' Good Gracious ! What a lot of dreadful people there must be in the world. When conjpiainiriir of lo.s of appetite my doctor eaid, ? Drink SichoJls* Jas. dandelion AI-.' 