CHAPTER XVLII. On the morning of the fateful 17th of O)ctober Hylda woke early, and as soon as she was dressed she crossed the gallery and opened the door of her old study. With a touch of superstition she had kept away from the room since her arrival, and she glanced around her with an expectant gaze when she entered as if the ghosts of her past and the visions of her future were waiting to greet her. The blinds were down, and only a faint gleam of light stole in through the windows, but as she raised them she saw that it was a true October day; heavy clouds floated over the sky, great gusts of wind hurled themselves against the trees, while in the distance the river rushed stormily down through the sodden meadows. It was just what she had longed to see; for her own sake as well as her husband's she wished the old associations to be revived, and as she stood by the window she let her mind dwell once more on her first introduction to the hero of her dreams. A step in the gallery outside broke in upon her thoughts. She raised her head joyfully and hurried to the door; Richard had not forgotten his tryst I "Come and look l" she said, taking his hand to lead him across the room. " It is so like it was a year ago I " " I hope to goodness it isn't," said Richard, "or I shall never get to the station " " To the station ' " said Hylda, loosing his hand suddenly. " Yes, I've been looking for you to put my things together. I got up early and have had my breakfast already." "But where are you going 1" "Back to town, of course. You didn't think I was going to stay more than two days in this deadly hole, did you " " But Richard, mamma thinks we have come for a long visit." " Indeed I ' Mamma' must be unde ceived, that's all. Make haste, there's no time to lose." The color had all ebbed away from Hylda's face, and she was looking at him with a dismayed expression that roused his wrath. " I never knew anyone like you for making scenes," he said, impatiently. " What the use of it is I can't see ; but I suppose you do. I wish you would give me a little peace, for a change." " I wish you would give me a little peace," cried Hylda, passionately. "I never seem to please you now in anything, and yet--a year ago-" "Oh I do stop that 'year ago' busi ness I" said Richard, turning angrily towards the door. "It is absolutely senseless ; if you would get rid of all your stupid sentiment, there might be some chance of your being some good." Hylda said nothing. She might have learned by experience that, in any con flict with her husband, she was sure to be worsted; put a refined and sensitive nature into collision with a harsh and oustinate one, and only one result is possible. " Vell, are you going to help me or must I pack for myself?" said Richard, after a moment's pause. "I will help you," said Hylda, in a low voice, moving towards the door as she spoke. " It is really quite unnecessary to make such a fuss,' he went on, recovering his temper as he generally did as soon as he got his own way. " I shall probably run down again next Saturday. It is not to be expected that I should stay down here. You can stay as long as you like, of course; you say that you want me to leave you in peace." Hylda did her packing silently; after his abuse of her sentimentality, she could not tell him that the real cause of her dismay was his forgetfulness of the tryst they were to have kept; nothing should induce her to mention it now, and she said nothing until her task was finished. " I had better go and see if mamma is dressed " she said, when all was ready. " ' hat for?" "You ought to say good-bye to her." "I shall miss the train if I do. You've made me late already with your nonsense.'.' "But it is very unnsual to go off in such an unceremonious way," said Hyldas, who dreaded the comments of her rela tions almost as much as she dreaded her husband's anger. "You need not be always dinning your good breeding into my ears," said Richard, as he rang the bell for the portmanteau to be carried downstairs. "I know how to behave, thank you. Come, say good-bye, there's a good girl." He gave her a kiss, and, taking up his rug, hurried off without. waiting, for a reply. Hylda listened to his footsteps as they died away; she would not let herself cry, for she know that in a few.minutes she must meet her mother at the breakfast toble, and she could not hope to explain Richard's departure calmly if she gave way to her tears now. Mrs Carlyle accepted her excuses without asking any questions; she took her daughter for a walk in the morning and for a drive in the afternoon, and.all through. the day her cheerful chit-chat fell upon Hylda's worn nerves like the continual dropping of a rainy day., She was thankful when bed-time came, but she could, not sleep, and as soon as the house was still, she wrapped herself.in her dressing-gown, and went to keep the solitary watch in her old chamber. No one seemed to have made any use of the room since she had left it, and she shivered a little as she set her lamp down upon the writing- table; the air.felt as chilly as that of a vault, and the mournful fancy crossed her mind that the watch she came to keep was a watch beside.the dead, How many hopes and ideas had been born in that room, frail innocents that had been slaughtered by the keen blade of experience I She looked sadly at the books that she had left upon the shelves, and wondered whether they felt more lonely and neglected than those she had taken with her, and which spent their days in a certain box at Beryl Villa. But the books could only gaze back at her speech lessly, and, sitting down at the table, she opened one of the drawers, and turned over some of the papers that lay within it. The first thing that met her eye was the syllabus of the lectures that had made such an era in her life; her hand trembled as she touched it, but forcing herself to the effort, she took it out and laid it before her on the table. "The Evolution of Revolt. The Germ of Freedom. Desire passing into Thought and Thought into Expression." How well she remembered the phrases ! Sentence after sentence oh Richard's lectures came back to her mind as she sat there, and she could almost hear his resonant voice declaiming the high-sounding periods. \What a trumpet-peal his elbquence had been to her then I How was it now it seemed no more than sounding brass of a tinkling cymball She tried to think the matter out dis p1assionately, as though it were another's interest and not her own. Was it that access to her husband's papers had shown her that most of his utterances were no more than a clever stringing together of other men's ideas ? Not altogether; it is not given to everyone to be original, and to assimilate the thoughts of others is no crime if they be repeated with sincerity. But here came in the haunting dread; was Richard sincere in his opinions? She had no doubt that Ralph Rhodes was absolutely sincere, even when he said that every aristocrat and plutocrat ought to be ground to powder and made into bread for the starving populace; he was mistaken and extravagant of course, but he would have proved his words cheerfully at the stake. But when Richard poured out the foaming torrents of his wrath against tyrants, and urged upon his audience, the sublime duty as well as the privilege of Freedom, it was no more than "claptrap," as he would himself have confessed-all in the day's work, and paid for at so much the hour ! With what a sneer would he silence her now if she were to show him the essay that she took from the drawer, and turned over with a pang of remembrance. " Every human soul has a right to its own development. Domestic tyranny is as foul a crime as national tyranny. but'it will continue to be perpetrated so long as its victims are weak enough to submit." Her pen had flown along the lines with lightning speed, while her cheeks flushed and her eye kindled at the recollection of the spirit-stirring utterances that had awakened her response. She turned to the last page and looked at the blue pencil scrawl that had once been so precious to her-" An eaceedingly striking and well- written essay." How her heart had glowed as she read it, and now she felt as if her heart was nothing but a heap of grey ashes, in which not one smouldering spark remained. She pushed the papers suddenly away with a feeling of sick hopelessness; what was Freedom after all-she had snatched at it with eager hand, and had discovered that it was only Bondage in disguise I Little as she knew it, the very same matter was being discussed at the same moment in Richard's study at ieryl Villa. He had telegraphed to his future brother in- law that he was returning to town, and the same hour that witnessed Bylda's bitter vigil saw the two men conversing amid clouds of smoke. (To be Continued) 