IN A YELLOW ENVELOPE.1 BY L1LL1B HAMILTON PBENOH. H-'-d windows had been darkened all perrfinthefcalls -WV^UfriHUIlL or moved by her ^Xffl&fi;^lr door exorpt with S^^gW^jl noiseless tread, Mot a sound bad bee. pm-mitted to peoblrate bur roena except that wliicb uo une could oon trol — the incessant undulating roar of cabs.to much more distracting to tnauy of us tban em the jingle ot oar bells or the jar of heavy tracks. But Eleanor lrvinK bad been accustomed era sines she could remember to the noise of these cabs, and slept without being disturbed bj them, She had danced nil night. She was conscious, IB lUe l*y on her pillow before falling asleep, that she had never beea happier in her life. Every aesthetic e»Ose in ber had been satis fled. The music of the Hungarian b«ad tiad had just that touch of -the primitive in it. of the unsubdued wildness of nature— its or; for its own, its forests and its freeUntu— brooking out. in the melodies which nut-Hied to her to be long eveu more to such a night of pleasure and dance thau the more sensunus strains of other lands. The decorations of tbe rooain hud been all whits and green, as tbongh Ihe woods of early spring bail beeu trausplante 3 there. She felt at once in harmony with them, and so lost consciousness of sell. The perfectoess flf her own appointments, the glory of her abounding health.the fact that her low was satisfied with her, that lie was aB nappy as the, helped to make her torget everything but the spirit of happiness that awayed them bath. Tbe clock had struck (welve before 'he awoke nod rang her bell. Her nine hours' sleep bad then been accomplinbed. Those who won ier at the beauty and fresh ness of yeUDg girls after a winter ot dancing, ao diffaieat lr»m the diy pinched look of man) a more earnest sister, are not in the confidence of watchful mother* and guardians. They do not kuow h»w carefully the temperature of tbe room in which the ball dress is removed is regu lated at uigbt, nor how strenuously tome nourishmeBt fot thu weary dancer is insisted upou— the steaming bouillon, the milk, or the sandwich. Nor do they realise haw next day all tbe household is ordered for tbe comfort of the late sleeper— ordered as if some convide.s cent rather thau some irresponsible seeker af tei pleasure, lay in the darkened chamber. Miss Irving'* morning letters were brought to her on her breakfast tray. There were always a doz^u notes or more, with cards for tecs and invitations for dinners four weeks ahead. No young woman in years had been a greater suc cess. There was, besides these other letters, ?lways,na matter at whit hour tbpy bad par Ud the uight before, a little sole irom tier lover, Ricbard Wintbrop. These notes were of the thing' he never neglected. They wire one of tbe sentiments she loved but. They helped ber, with all the other evidences he gave ot a thoughtful, unswerving devotion, to that sense ef quiet yet joyful neenntv she felt so sure and firm she was free to be herself without fear ahout life, as though tbe foundations were euro and firm— of warp or miuinderstandiug. She did not alwaya read his lotter first. It depended very much on who was in the room with her. When bar old nurse Martha stayed, as she did this morning, Eleanor slipped VVio tkrop's letter into the pocket of her wrapper. She oould talk to Martha about everything elne in tbe world— about Winthrop' himself— but his letters were somehow holy ground to her. Martha sat now in front of the fire on a low obair always reserved for ber, took a woollen sock from her imple pocket, and knitted while she wailed. Martha, bad never outgrown her taste for tbis foot-gear, imbibed on tbe field of nereaily peasant days. Eleanor's letters were part of the pride of the old woman's lift. They helped to prove the im portance of the child to whom sh« had given the devotion of years. Eleanor, knowing ibis, often read ber letters aud invitations aloud, even to the names and addresses on certain cards for tea. Martha bad a taste for localities and great boasts. It was the tenth envelope she had opened and thrown away that morning. ' It looks queer,' Eleanor said, turning it over in her band. ' It's from some poor man, I suppose. But it is uot signed. I never had a Utter before without a sif nature to it.' All anonymous letters are tbe same. They an never used to oarrr the sweet, tbe pure, and tbe I elplul void, uttered without a thougLt that could wish for soncealmbut. The poison ous, the death-dealing, tbe cruel, and Ihe cow ardly—these the anonymous reserves for itself. This one made no pretence to sympathy. ' A*k tbe man who oils himself your father who yuur mother was,'' it ran. ' When I knew brr »l e louk in washing. Her huxband died a drunkard What will your beau's proud family say to that ?' ' It's not for mo, surely. There is some mistake,' Eleanor said as sbe finished ' Hand me tbe tnvrlopi— that jHlow one. Yen, it is addressed to me. But what makes your hand tremble so ? Nursey, you dear old thing, came here. Push my pillow awty, and sit down sort get your arm under me, tho way I've always lived. Tbn man's ortzy. He did not mean an insult. Be has not hurt me. Dou't mind, dear. I cannot expect tu escape ananvmouB letters. AH famous people hive them,' ihe added, laughing. With her left hand on the old waman's withered oliet-k she drew her face down toward, her own, lying upturned and wreathed in smiles on the nurse's breast. ' Vju're white as a ghost, too. This is not right, uuraey... If I du not mind, you must Dot. If you do this way I will think you believe it,' sbe laid oheerfuliy, »s one sometimes comfort, aud diverts a sobbing child. Martha cubbed ber cheek onoe or I trice across tbe girl's fair forehead.. But sbe said' no word. After a moment, gently, as if Eleauor was still the sleeping baby she once carried in ber arms, she lifled tbe girl's strong, firm aai.d that car essed anri held ber cbfek, aud laid it across the sheet, diew away tl.e arm fiotn under Eleanor, laid Ler head teiideily en the pillow that «he smoothed, and, without a word, turned, still trembling, and left the room. ' I shall have to take u-» of ber aow,' Eleanor said, when the door closed. ' I new r thought that she was growing old. She minds things no tha't happen to me. Poor soul ! I must think of something very nice to tell ber, something someone has said to me, to make ber forget tbis. She does net know what awful letters people get. I suppose there were not any cranks in ber day.' But Eleanor thought of nothing to tell her. Instead, she pioked the ill-written letter np again and read it, turned it over, and read it vgsin. Then sbe held it before ber witbout leading, staring at it wills wide-open eyes. There was absolute itillnim in tbe room, excrpt for the desultory splutterings or Ibe ! soft-cosl are. Outeide, tbe cabs alill rumbled. I . Eleanor lay without moving, storing at tbe , letter. Suddenly sbu sprang up and toasari the ! pp,HT from her. ' How awful,' bus ex* ' claimed ' Suppose I were some nervous *r j imaginative person f I'll burn it,1' | She stopped --id read thu words again. ' Suppose poor papa bad seen it,' she said, an j Bank with tbe letter outspread before her on the edge of ber s»f a. The silonce of tbe n om returned. Eleauer sat without moving. It was her father's oheerfol little whistle as be opened the frtmt door below that at last arouBed her. He always signalled her this way. ' I'm late for papa,' she said, rising aud crushing the letter in ler hand. ' ' Dear pupa, I've never been so late before. Just a few moments. I'll hurry,' she called over tbe banisters. ' I had so many letters to-day.' ' t won't tell him,' sbe said as sbe dressed. But with her father's arms about ber, his dear face near ler own, she broke down and read the letter to him. Sbe was not used to concealments with bim, even those she thought might spare him pain. . There had uever been any pain she had known before to spare be tween them, or to cive her precedents to follow. ' Nursey felt worse than I did,' Blesnor added. ' I told her tbe man im enzy. You oan tell by bis letter on tbis old half-sheet that be is not a gentleman.' Neither Eleanor nor her father drove that day. Tbe hori.ee came, waited before the door, and were sent away. Neither -as anyone wbn came almitted to the library. Behind ite closed doors, through kour after hour of that after noon, the tragedy of two lives was played. To Eleanor the hirdest part, at first, was not the thought or her humble birth, but the fact that this man she had called her lather was bound U her by no ties of blood, nor sbe to him, s* preue are we all in crisis and emergencies to laok first to the laws of flesh. Even in her grief, when with the ory of the child she told out her arms to bim, something in her kept her from touching him. It wo a the oruelest stab of all to Irvine, though the tenderness and com passion of the man made him understand the girl's reluctance. It was only after the awful diiEinus aud sense of blinding isolation that came from tbe sndden breaking of physical ties had passed away that the confusion in her own mind was cleared, and she hirself was able to rise above Ihe ruin of her old beliefs to stand before him as she bad done until new kuow Udge came in the triad certainty of a lore all tenderness and protection, born of no physical bond, dependent on oune, snpreme in its law of sympathy and understanding. In berov/u bedroom afterwards, thinking it all over, Eleanor could recall but little of tbeir talk— oulv gestures, broken words, comfortiug caresses. There were three things, howi ver, that stood out with dread and terrible disi inct ness ; tbe picture of Ibe ysring woman.ill ai tbe time, bending over a wasb-tub on the porch t-f a brukeu-down country bouse; audtbeolher picture of tht- child playiug about the woman's feet— tbe child whose marvellous beauty had attracted Mr. Irving as he drove by. Then the desolation of the abandoned, broke n-Uown house, from which tbe sick mother bad disap peared when Mr. Irving having left the child at Lome with his own wile, drove out for news of the mother next day. Strangely enough, Gleaner had not thought of Winthrop. It was tbe sight of kit still un opened letter that recalled bim. Martha kad fouud it in the wrapper pocket and put it on her dressing-table. Martha, though Eleanor did not know it lay at the time face downward on her own pillow in the little back room upatiir*, her whole frame shaken with sob*. Sadder eveu tban a man in tears is an old woman who cries —cries with the passion and despair of youth. It never ocourred to Eleanor to read Win tbrop's letter. Somehow she felt sbe could nut until lie knew Ihe truth about her. Nor did it occur to her to conceal the truth from him. She was careful, however, not to dress hei salf in tbe colours or tbe clothes he fancied most. A certain courage in hrr, a pride, per haps, a sudden new perception, hardly grasped, uf what hiit love must be, stood out against all thought of wetk advantage for berstlf. She moved about with unbroken calm composure, falling only once, wbeu u fierce, quick surge of feeling overwhelmed ber, and throwing her tight'daiped hands ever ber bead sLe leaned her forehead against the door and cried, ' Ob, Hod I I wanted to give him something with out spot ef blemish — I love bim SB.'1 She lifted ber hand and held il palm out ward toward Winlbrop nhru. e little later, be came forward to meet ker in the parlour below. ' Not yet, Dick dear,' sbe ssid— ' not yet. first, here's vour own letter. I uever gave yun one of join's unopened before. You don't wml to take it. Ob, I don't wonder. Bat. Dick, read tbis.' She watched his ftce as he read the crumpleJ sheet. There bad never beeu fear or conceal ment betneen thorn. Sbe was not afraid now. She bad no thought of thu future, none of the past, and but one desiie— that uo shadow of uu tiutb sbonld mar tbe perfect brightness between them. She waB consciius of no anguish, uo tusprnae, no desire to turn ber ejes away, as tbose have who fear that revelations may be made. Eleanor knew there was nolLing to dread t-omehuw the souls of these two had known each other first. Richard Winthrop read the letter rapidly with indrawn breath. Then, dropping it, stepped quickly fciward. Lis irms utbeld too Eleanor. « My little girl 1' was all he said. Alterwards, the leng silence done when be held her olose, be took her face between bis palms, and benning, kissed ber on ber forehead, then upon bolh hauds. ' These are my rever ence for you, my lady, first,' he bald, ?? before I touch your lips, mv sweetheart. Dearest.' hi! added, with his palms on her ohe-ks again, '? what are auv or all of theae thiam tn »» and me r' Msrtba *lepl on a little cot by Eleat,or'a bed tbat uight. All tbe tenderness of tbe girl was far tbe old woman. Sbe hootked ber with gentle words, and listened whiln she was told stones of the pretty cUild fciveu ber lone 'go to care for, nnd of tbe love of Mis. Irving for it— a love as tender as if tbe ol.ilfl had been her own ; and then of the promise made by Martha, wht u Mrs. Irving was dying, that Martha would keep the little till tram all knowledge that would bsrm her. To Eleanor it setmed, as sbe waked next morning tbat Ihe world of lorn was more beau tiful, than she bad ever dreamed- ber little world with it* three ptople nearest her, Mr. Irving, now more ber father tbsn tver. Win tbrop, and Martha. The pain by whioh she hud beeu taught its beauty was as nothing to the glory of wbat sbe new knew its beauty to be It was when her tray with its letters Irom tie -great social world outside was brought, Kicbara's daily letttr tucked among them, that a sudden piercing consciousness came to ber of what that other world would say, to wbiob be *nd she also bore relationship— that great ?ocial world with its traditions and its customs, its binding laws and sharp dividing lines, An inevitable reaotion followed, and she quailed before it, while with morbid senses, first awakened, she dwelt upon the power of tocial forces to destroy her. ' They have not laved me nor courted me, but my position, tbe woman they thought I was with tbe blood of the Irvings in my veins.' She left her breakfast uulaeted, Winthrop'. letter unread She moved about the room with restless sUtp. She d rested alone, with oog pauses. Now nod then, for moments at a time, her head was buried in her arm stretched along the edge of her dressing table. Two or three, limes she looked out of the windows of her sitting-room and turned away. ?? Ob, the world— the world !' she aaid. ' Ought I to moke Riobard unffer ?' A carriage stopped before ber door— a car riage with two men on tbe box. Eleanor stood by tke window as if frozen, while the footman sprang tu tbe pavement. Two women stepptd out— an elderly lady with soft grey hair and praud poise of the head, and a yoti»gnr woman with grave faoe. A sharp ory broke from Eleanor's lips as they mounted the steps, ' Dick's mother and Margaret I I had forgot ten to think of them. How oan I ever tell them P' Who rang tbe bell for Martha, and stood by the closed dour, trembling with suspense. ' Nursey,' she called, as it opened But Martha had not come. The woman who en tered was Mrs. Wiuthrep, Mrs. Winthrop's face was luminous. For the first time Eleanor saw a look of Richard round tbe mouth. Mrs Winthrop put both bands on Uleauor's shoulders. ' My little girl I' she skid. Tbe words, too, were like tticbard's. ' I have kuown all about, it for twenty years.' 