/ LITERARY NOTES. It Is small wonder tlint the enormous roynllies accruing from a successful piny have tempted some of tlio more popular novelists from tho narrower possibilities ot book production. Mr. Barrio's fees from the dramatisation of "The Llltlo Minister" are estimated nt from £400 to £300 n week. Mr. Connn Doyle Is another author who Is turning his attention to tho thontrc. He is writing n piny, round Ills "creation" of Sher lock Holmes, with new and startling de velopments, nnd Sir Henry Irving has de cided to portray the part himself. Mr Douglas Moffat lias written a little book entitled "Crlckety Cricket," wlilcli gives hint claim to be a cricket laurente. It Is 11 collection of parodies, written In nn ex tremely humorous vein. The author catches the salient characteristics and idiosyncrasies of various players nnd situations 'admirably, nud aptly turns them Into such verse as tlio following:— D'ye ken Hob Peel with Ills lclt-liand nlay? D'ye ken Hob Peel who call bowl all dny? D'ye ken Dob Peel who hits far away? . All the fielders and bowlers scorning? For the pl(cli of the bull oft puzzled my head. And the ball itself through my wlckct has aped; Peel's leg break, wlicn the ground Is dead, Vtnrla lie wnv fn II10 BfllintlR U'illlffilt Wfimilltf. Distinctly the best set of verses In the book Is Inspired by Foe's -The Raven, and entitled The Umpire. The Iterated words are "leg-before," and here Is a verse of it, nlthougli It must be rend lu its entirety to be thoroughly appreciated:— Presently my play grow stronger; hesitating then 110 longer, 1 determined to let out and rapidly increase my score; . , For the fact is. I'd been napping, and by far too gently tapping Balls that really wanted slapping each and every ono for four. ' So 1 smote hard at the next one, but it did not go for four— Bumped and hit me, nothing more. A; very popular "book ot the day" nt pre sent Is Miss M,. . Bcthnin- Edwards's "Remi niscences." Born In a Suffolk'.. village, nnd- brouglit up in n Qimker community; Miss Edwards started life with a certain stock of prepossessions which inevitably colored all her future views of life. As It requires, a negative and positive force to make a cur rent of electricity, so it was tho clash of Quakerism nnd Quixotism which produced the spark that kindled the Intellectunl facul ties of Miss Edwards into creative ac tivity:— The. dawn of literature as a force upon my Intellectual Intelligence Is- ever of psychological Interest. Some of us arc awa kened to' tlie consciousness one way, some another. ' Oddly enough, a novelist — like my self — who has sedulously avoided sensation. who In mnturer years has but moderately relished this element In llctlon, should have surrendered to tho wand of Eugene Sue! The masterpiece of tills writer, perhaps tho mas terpiece of all sennntional literature, was now making n noise from ouc end of Europe to the other. A translation fell Into the linnils of our governess, who rond It aloud after tea and lessons, her older pupils plying the needle, the little ones— myself among the number — busy with their dolls In a cor ner. . - Miss Betknm-Ed wards gives a very Interesting account of the state of rural so ciety. Iu Suffolk, In which she spent her youth, and produced hor first novel, "The White House by tlie Sea," of which the manuscript wns "despatched to London by the agency of tlie family grocer . . . and, very wonderful to relate, wns very soon af terwards accepted by oue of tho foremost publishing bouses": — My'- payment wns In kind Instead of I11 money, tlint Is to sny, I received 25 copies of new one, two aud three volume novels. . .. The curious part of tlie business is tills: before me lies tbc orlginnl edition In two handsome volumes, dated 1S37, be side It the last popular- Issue, dated 1891\. Between these two dates, a per iod of just upon 35 years, the book bad contrived to keep Its bead above water, that Is to sny, has boon stendily reprinted from time to time; yet from Its first appear ance to tbe present day, when It Is still sell ing, not a farthing of profit has accrued to the author! But our fair memoirist's next literary ven ture, after retiring to her quiet Suffolk home from a' prolonged sojourn on the Continent, was of a much more profitable and encourag ing kind : — From my earliest years I hud been an In defatigable rhymster, nnd an exhilarating accident well nlgli turned tbe scale, poetry instond of romance kicking tlie beiiui. A11 Incident tbnt came under my notice sug gested tbe poem entitled The Golden Bee. With tbe audacity of youth I despatched It to tlie great Dickens, then editing bis "Household Words." . After some time came a cheque for £5 nud a number of tlie maga zine containing my contribution. Five pounds for the artless rhymes- of a little country girl— wns not this half tho price of "Paradise Lost"? But overwhelming as seemed the payment, tho approbation of Charles Dickens wns guerdon far more prized. And the Golden Bee has not falsified tbe master's judgment. It Is now a stock nt nonnv rnnrllnffS. nnd. 111?# 4rPhi» White House by the Sea," has long survived a generation! . , Cyclists who are not too Intent on break ing records to appreciate tbe poesy ot the wheel should Invest 2s. 6d. In Arthur Wnugh's "Legend of the Wheel," buoyant and humorous verses of the "bike." The following verses from "The .Wheel and the Wind" give some Idea of the author's more serious strains; — O the mountaineer to the summit clear, The sailor soul to the sea; - And the driver to. his team, and the dreamer, to his dream. But. the white high road for me. For tlie sun is awake, and in wood and brake llie birds make glad appeal: "Come out, come out; there is sport about!" Then come my trusty wheel. Then come with a hum, with a stir, with a whirr, Thro' the air with a ruBli run free; Let the world be abed, 1 have heard, I have sped, And the white high road's for mo. O the hum of the wheel, my steed of steel, And the rush of the, welcoming wind; I'm a cavalier of old, and my spirit woxeth bold, ' For my lady fair is kind. While lier aire's asleep from her pane she'll peep; She will flutter down to my sido; Come forth, come forth, for the wind blows north; To the saddle, my own, my bride. Various ingenious writers bave striven to show whnt would be the condition of Eng land In the. event of a great war. None, however, have succeeded In giving their nar rative a 'greater-air of verisimilitude . than Mr. H. W. WHson and Mr. Arnold White, whose little hook, "When War Breaks Out," has just been published by Messrs. Harper. Mr. Wilson, from his knowledge of naval matters, and Mr. White, by reason of bis study of social economy, bave been able to rtevlKo rnnvlnelnir details for n hundred days', war at the close of tbe year 1900 be tween England/ and tbc allied strength of France and Russia. . It goes without saying that after terrific naval combats England Is victorious; but before that stage Is reached the authors have contrived to illustrate many dangers to which we are exposed. Tlie net result Is to show that England must not patiently submit to petty encroachments nnd Insults; .that she must create a domes tic food supply; and that the niivy must be Increased. until its superiority over any pos sible hostile combination . Is unquestion able. To what woman belongs tho glory of hav ing first ridden on the "blko"? It Is a dis puted question. But among wlioelwomcn It is admitted that Mrs. Fcnnell waB one of the very, earliest. Her first venture on the bl- cycle wns made In 1801. For seven years, up to that date, she had toured on her tri cycle up and down the British Isles, over France, nnd to Rome, the first woman who In that fashiim drove through the streets of the Eternal City. Last year she beat her own and everybody's "record" by bicycling a dozen or so of the highest Swiss passes. What has Hannibal's ghost, and Gmsar's, and Napoleon's, to say to that? The de scription of the Alpine performance Is given in "Over the Alps on a Bicycle," which will shortly be published by Mr. Unwli). with Illustrations, by Mr. P'cnncll, who ac companied hls.wlfe. : It will be remembered that Mr. Kipling's allusion to Canada as "Our Lady of the Snows" evoked some criticism from Canadi ans. They thought that the phrase, however charming In Itself, was npt to give Canada a reputation for climate which she did not deserve. Well, a publisher In Canada an nounces that at midsummer he will bring out the first number of an annual which Is to have the title "Our Lady ot the Sunshine." The Intention of the volume, he cxplnlns, Is to give- to tho world at largo a trim Idea of the bright nnd suuny nspects of Cnnadlau life. Some notable Canadians will contri bute articles, jmd tliurc will be Illustra tions. . . ...... . .. : Messrs. I-larpcr arc about to publish 11 book on Mexico, 11 riBlng country, of -the recent progrcs and great promise of .which English readers know very little. Tlio author Is Mr. O. F. Lmmuls, who lias lived lu the country nnd mndc a special study of Its history and Institutions. It Is tlio author's opinion Hint the. Mexican Republic lias, comparatively, made a greater advance during the lulcr yonrs'ot President Diaz's Govern men t than any 011 tlio American continent. The history of Mexico since 1870 is to a gronL extent the history of General (In that year for the first time President) Diaz. Diaz was 17 years old. and 11 soldier when the Americans Invaded Mexico lu 1847, the same year and tlie sninc campaign In which a future Presi dent of the United States, Ulysses S. Grant, acquired bis first knowledge of war. Under President Diaz railways and otlier public works, trade and education, lmvu made con spicuous advance. Ills almost uninterrupted re-elect Ion since 1S7G testifies to tlio na tional confidence 111 his ability ami patriot- Little's slioddy empire lind taken root in Mexico, and poor Mnxlmlllnu or bis descend ants were now In possession, how would that affect tlio present war between the States and Spain? Mr. Lummls's book Is entitled "The. Awakening of a Nation, or Mexico of To-day," and contains a map and several Illustrations. ;; The newspaper market hns always been flooded with journals of fashions for women. Now wc have a serial of the kind for men. The publication III question Is called "Fashion"; ntid u very useful nnd Interest ing little paper It promises to be. Among the many attractive features of the latest Issue are articles oil the manner 111 which some of our most prominent actors dress, and on tho doom of the Inverness cape; nnd a couple of pages ot Coffee nnd Cogunc, notes from the pleasing pen of Mr. Godfrey- Turner, nre also amongst the contents. It is to bo hoped tliut "Fushlon" lias come to stay. Tho Omar Club dinner In London last mouth passed off with Its customary good fellowship and wit. . The verses of the even ing were contributed by Mr. Oiven Seaman — a delightful parody, from which wc take a verse or two: — Tlie Lion and the Alligator squnt In dervisli-.courts — tlie. weather being hot — "Under umbrellas. Where is Mahniud now? Plucked by tlie Kitchener and gone to Pot! This hour, though drinking at my host s expense, 1 fear to use a fine incontinence. For terror of the law 'niul him that waits Outside, the unknown X, to lmle us hence. For, should he make oi us ail ill rcporl As pipkins o( the more loquacious sort, We might be lodged, the Lord alone knows where, Save Peace were purchased with n pewter quart. Mr. Bret Hnrlo's volume of "Some Later Verses" Is now In print, nnd Messrs. Clialto will issue ft soon. The contents are ar ranged under three general headings, "By Pines nnd" Titles," "Reported by Truthful James," anil "Little Posterity.!' rt will be seen tbnt Mr. Ilret Hnrtc does not desert tbe characters who previously won fame iu his verse. "Truthful James" Is to the front with tlie description of a "spcllln- bee nt Angels," and with a report of a discussion ou silver at the same place. That old favor ite, "Brown of Calaveras," lias also been revived. The volume Is to be tastefully bound In tlie stylo coming to be known us "flat backs." Another Is. Cd. will be well laid out in tbc purchase of "Now Zealand" (In the Story of the Empire Scries), by Mr. W. P. Reeves, whose political education nnd lite rary tastes eminently mnrk him out as best fitted" to tell the story of his colony. His little book Is a picturesque condensatou of the colony's history, with a keen apprecia tion of the leading characteristics of its politicians and people. Although "Captains Courageous" is, from a literary point of view, one of Mr. Kip ling's weakest achievements;. It Is already — according to the. Now York "Critic"— in Its thirtieth thousand. It was published only six months ago. Luke Sharp (Robert Bnrr) seems to find copy wherever lie goes. It Is not long since he was dramatically captured by tlie Turks while on a holiday cruise. He left the other day for New York to sue tlie Now , York "Suu" for libel In publishing a telegram from London saying thut he had been re moved to an asylum for inebriates. He not only recovered 1000 dol. damages, but finds himself In tbe very midst of tbo wild war fever. , , "Her Last Letter," by Bret narte, In tlie April number of the "Century," closes tbe correspondence' between the "Lily" who "struck it on Poverty Pint" and the miner Joe, who also "struck it 111 the same dis trict. There is little that Is -artistic lu this last letter, but doubtless It will achieve some popularity from Its association with, prede cessors. 