AN IMPORTANT INSTITUTION '1idiidufiUfCr'^^.uB'Li€j.s£^Airf<;' < On Wednesday, June IrMr. Robert Kay, General - Director and 'Secretary. - of toe public Libr^jtMw&euin;, and Art Gallery, began his foraeto year of service in this \- department, and do mark their appreciation 1 pi His 'valuable work' in thefie essentially educational institutionstke officers who ore working with him combined tocelebrate | the eVent. Mr. Kay' was presented ' on Wednesday afternoon witli a beautifully • prepared addrefcs, in which. was expressed | the-feeling of admiration add' esteem en- '■ tertained by -the employes for their official, head." A biographical sketch of Mr. Kay will hot be out of' place at this time, ana a glance may. also be taken at the progress of .thei various buildings whieKhave grown j up under his fosteiing care,, - • Mr. RobertKay was borii at Newcastle on-Tyrie on June 19,1825. The: greater part of: his school life .was spent at the I Grammar': School, Newcastle, ' an.i educa- ' tioiial institution ^vliicli receivedits.endow ment in tlie .time of Queen Elizabeth, and ; numbers, among itsT celebrated scholars Lords. Collingwood, * Eldon, and Howell. When lie was fifteen years of age he left j school, and went into the counting-house of an ironworks, of which his ■ father . was managing. portlier. In 1849 his father died, and the young man succeeded to the va-: cant partnership; but about eighteen months afterwards he sold his share to his7 "partners, h living decided to come to ; Australia. Mr. Kay made the. voyage in' the ship Ascendant, Mr. and Mrs. Angus ' and their youngest son being amongst tlie' 'passengers. . lie reached Port Adelaide in January, 1851, and started business in Adelaide as an assayer. Thp Mount Alexander, gold diggings, which were discovered m August, 1851, put a stop both to copper mining and assay ing in South Australia; so in Feb ruary, 185*2, he, like most of the male po I pulation of tlie colony, went off to the dig gings. Mr. Kay did not stay long, and duly of the same year saw him back in this city. Shortly after his return he was appointed laboratory assistant in tlie As^iry Office, and while occupying that position had a large share in the rolling of gold plates for the tokens which were issued, and in striking the tokens. He remained in the Assay fkffiee until about January, 1853, when it was practically closed. Two months after wards Mr. Kay was married,• and went to farm at Mount Charles, near Woodside, and in that occupation he remained three years. During his stay in that part of the colony Mr. Kay became much respected, and was elected a member of tlie Onka riuga District found), and for a portion ' of iis term acted as Chairman. In tlie early part of 1856 Adelaide became his place of residence once more, and in 1857 he obtained the post, of accountant and cashier to Messrs. Herford & IJoucaut, and he finally settled here when he received, the appointment, of Secretary to the Board of Governors of the South Australian Insti tute. lfe entered on the duties of that office on June 1, 1859. The Board at that time consisted of the Very Rev. Dean barrel!, and Messrs. J. 11. Clark, S. Daven port, and L. Clyde. Sir Samuel Davenport is the only survivor of that Board now. During the thirty-nine years that have i passed since Mr. Kay has kept a roll of [ tlie members of the Board of Governors of tlie various institutions of which he hits had coip rol, and he puts it that '"almost the only thing not of a pleasurable charac ter connected with the Boards under whom 1 have had the honour to serve during nearly forty years is to look over that roll and note bow many of those in cluded in it—men who were honoured and leading South Australians in their day, and whom 1 remember with respect and, I limy say, affection—have passed away from earth. That roll is to me actually peopled with ghosts." Mr. Kay has been a great render, and is an exeefiLionnlly well-in iorined man, there being few topics upon which he cannot converse freely. He has always taken an interest in chemistry. He also knows a good deal about mecha nics, and locomotive engines have it great attraction for hint. He is also something of it musician, and for muiiv years figured ie Phil one of the violinists in the Philharmonic, .Society Orchestra, but a defect in bis hear-" ing h as induced him to give up his favourite pastime. Mr. Kay has been a pro minent member of the Unitarian Church for many years*, and still sings in tlie choir of that'Church. Tlie South Australian Institute was esta blished in 1850, and was for some years located in King William-street; but in J8C0 the < iovernnient provided a new building on North-terrace, wliicli is now known as the Institute Building. The Royal Society and Society of Arts became incorporated with the Institute in 1859, but the latter •■eased, in ]S9t, when the Public Library, Museum, and Art Gallery of .South Aus tralia caineinlooxistoiiee. A little time after its incorporation, tlie Society of Arts esta blished a School of Design, which for many years was under the control of Mr. C. Hilj, who is still in Adelaide. The Museum, under Mr. Waterliouse, who also, lives in (lie colony, was begun about the same time. The institution made very satisfactory pro gress for the next: few years; hut this pro gress meant increase In the number of books in the Library and specimens in the Museum. Thus the necessity for more ac commodation was shown to lie imperative. J ii 1873 the foundations of the western wing of a proposed new block were laid, arid Mr. Knv's second experience—his first was with the Institute on North- terrace— of the worry attaching to the erection of buildings commenced. The ground work having been prepared, there the matter ended, and nothing further was done until ]87(>, when fresh plans were drawn, and another set of foundations put in. Here again the work went, no further, and it was not until 1879 that the creel ion of the west wing was finally proceeded with. Then tlie result of the labours in previous years was condemned, and had to be removed before the structure now known as the Public Library could be started. This was com pleted in 18S4. The Board had for some time recognised that more attention to art education in the colony was necessary, and they now decided to undertake that work. Accor dingly, Mr. Tannert was appointed Master of the School of Design in 1881. This was only provisional, as it was contemplated that Mr. Tannert should become Master of tlie School of Painting, which title he as sumed in the following year. In 1882 Mr. Gill was given charge of the School of De sign, and on October 2 of that year he opened his school temporarily in Morinlta Chambers. The Board's success has been perhaps greater in connection with the Art Schools than with any other work it lias undertaken, and the present worthy Director of tlie School has of course con tributed-largely to that result. In 1892 Mr. Tannert resigned his position as Master I of the School of Painting, and Mr. Gill | was thereupon ' appointed Director for Technical Art, with Miss Armstrong as Mistress of the School of Painting. These positions are still filled by the sune per sons, but so rapid 1 is been the growth of Mr. Gill's department, that lie lias now, besides Miss Armstrong, a staff consisting of ""four teachers, with MR. ROBERT KAY. other visiting teachers for special subjects. Examinations in art have also Hen eon- j ducted under the authority of the Hoard, | and though.at first instituted at Mr. {fill's suggestion for the benefit of i lie students j in the School of Design, it was not long j before the public and private schools re- | quested to be allowed to send in eandi- j dates, and now examinations arc annually j held in Adelaide as well as in various ] country places, and most of the chief ; schools regularly send up candidates. Air. .1. It. (I. ytdanis was appointed Officer of j Art Examinations when those cxaniina- I lions were first established, an i l as since continued to fill that position. ! (In the completion of the present J'ill die '• Library building in 1884 accommodation in ; it was' afforded to the Aluseuin. This it ' was from the lirst understood could only i he temporary, and in 188!) both the. Library j and Aluseuin began to feel the necessity ; for more room, and the sympathy of the Government having been enli-led, it was ; decided to erect a new building—the third in Mr. Kay's experience—for the Museum collection. The Museum had by this time become a very important de partment of the institution. A very skilful taxidermist, Mr. George Heazlev, since de- , ceased, had, in 1881, been engaged in Lira- ; don; Dr. Haacke, as Director of the Aluseuin, since resigned, had in 1882 ar- J rived from New Zealand, and an expert ' preparateiir, Mr. A. Zielz, now Assistant Museum Director, had come in 1881 from Kiel, in Germany. A museum entomolo gist, Air. .J. G. O. Topper, <nd a collector were also in evidence, besides other ofli ess. The New Aluseuin building was opened to the public in 1895, when Dr. E. ('. Stirling filled the posi Lion of.lion. Director. Onthe re signation of Dr. Haacke, Dr. Stirling, who was then a member of the Hoard of Gover nors, was requested to act as Honorary Director for the Aluseuin. When in the ordinary course Dr. Stirling retired from the Hoard he received the appoint ment as Director of the Museum, and to his untiring energy and the Ibyhl co- operation of" the Assistant Director, Air. Zictss—both enthusiasts in their respective lines—are due the credit, of having made the South Australian museum. Some ex ception has been taken to its architectural features, but iWteontents are spoken of in the highest terms by all who enter its doors, and it has been repeatedly said that it is the best natural-history museum in the colonies. The establishment of a Na tional Art Gallery was an object which the Hoard had in view, and the 'Melbourne In ternational Exhibition of 1880-81 affording <i good opportunity for buying high-class works of art, the Government voted £2,000 for the purchase of pic tures. Twenty paintings were ac quired on this occasion, and were exhibited in the south end of the Public Library Hiiiiding. which was opened as a national gallery by H.11.11. Prince Albert Victor. On .lime 18, 1881, Air. Tanner! was appointed Curator of the Ar! Gallery, anil was succeeded in 1802 by Mr H. j'. GilJ as Hon. Curator. The progress of the Art Gallery has been slow in consequence oI the inability of flic Government to place upon the Estimates an annual sum for the purchase of pictures, Tut it nil- j vaneed from the first., and if was found i that the accommodation provided for it in j the Public Library building wis insutli- i cient. In 1890 the pictures were lcmoveil 1 to the rooms in the Exhibition Hiiiiding, i which they now occupy, and whence they [ will shortly be removed to tbe gallery in course of erection. Though the Heard of j Governors had not. the advantage of an j annual vote from the Government, they succeeded in further attracting the atten tion of the public to the Art Gallery by I arranging for the interchange of high-class | works of art with the galluses of Mel- i bourne and Sydney. Owing to the fact that the Adelaide resources were exhausted, this arrangement lias been temporarily suspended, but it is regarded as likely that the system of exchange will be resumed as soon as the Hoard have fresh pictures to exchange, j The recent magnificent! bequest of the late i Kir Thomas Elder has enabled the Hoard to | look forward to making in the near future ' some valuable additions to the gallery, and : has further induced the Government to erect an Art Gallery building, where the pictures will be free from the great risk of iiie which it is felt tlmy arc now running in the Exhibition Hiiiiding. The new Art Callery, which is now making satisfactory progress towards completion, is the fourth firm-lure which Air. Kay will have ha<l ;• great deal to do with. The Library has not been standing still, bid its progress has been seriously interfered with through the inability of the Covernmeiit to afford 1 he Hoard sufficient funds to enable them to make the purchases of current literature which is so very necessary in these days of rapid improvement and discovery. Jn 1875 a sum of .money was voted by the Govern ment to obtain hooks to form the nucleus of a free public library. After that year an amount was regularly voted for t' i; purpose, so that in 188-1, when the Public" Library Building was completed, a collec tion of about 11,001) volumes had been made. These, together with about, 12,000 books which were transferred from the South Australian Histilulr as being more suitable for reference (ban circulation, enabled the Board to open the Public Library with a collection of about 23,000 vol tunes. During the past fourteen years the additions have totalled 17,000 tomes, so that the number has new reached 40,000. Air. H. S. Henham was a poi-.iled Librarian in 1808, and continued to till that position during thirty-seven year.-; on his decease, in 1890, Air. J!. (!. Adams, the Assistant. Librarian, was pre inoted, and Air. Al. J. O'Coi inor took tint post vacated by Air. Adams. The caiu loguing of the library on more modem lines than had previously been attempted is now engaging the special attention of the Libra rian: and the Cataloguing Clerk, Air. W. Itouhl. recently spent three months with the stall' of the Melbourne Public Library in order to familiarize himself with the, system followed there. The Alelbourm; Public Library card catalogue is similar to the one proposed to be adopted hero. Ill every progressive step," and in all the troubles through which the. institution nns passed, Ah1. Kay has tirnilv held the helm, and it will thus be seen how much of his life has been woven into its growth and pro gross. After a period of thirty-nine yeais' service lie is still in possession of robust health, and looks well enough to fu't^l ilie hope so gracefully expressed by his tc'llow officers that they will he afforded the opportunity of congratulating him on J he .jubilee of his stewardship. The roll of Chairmen of the Board of Covernors of the various institutions from •July, 1850, is as follows; Dean Parrel), 1850-7; Air. A. Forster, 1857-8; Air. •). Howard Clark, 1858-!); Air. L. Clvde, 185U <10, 1874-5; Air. W. \Y. It. AY hitridge,]8li(l-l; Dr. \\\ vat t, 1801-2, 1808-9, 1879-80; Air..!. AiaeGemge, ]8ti2-3; AJr. X. Blyth, 18G3-4, 1870-7; Air. A. Slow, 1804-5; Air. S. Tonkin son, 1805-0; Air. fnow Sir Charles) Todd. 1800-7, 1871-3. 1883-4; .Mr. AY. I0vm ard, 1807-S, 1880-1; Rev. Canon (later Areh dcacmi) Farr. 1800-70, 1877-8, 1885-0; Mr. Fiddian. 1870-1; Air. \\\". A. 10. YA'est-lOrs kinc, 187.3-4; Dr. C. Cosse, 1875-0; Mr. R. Recs, 1878-9; Jlis Honor (now Right Hon.) Chief .Justice AYav, 1881-2, 1803-8; Dr. 10. C. Stirling, 1882-3; l)r. H. T. W'hittcll, 1884-5; Hon. Dr. Campbell, 1880-7; Air. C. T. liar grave, 1887-8; Air. A. Abrahams.' 1888-0; Mr. .f. Afodway Day, 1889-00; and Air. 1). AJmrav, 1800-3. 