NOVEL. A Question of Courage By FRANCIS LYKDE. v ? . illtAPXF.R.151- — (Ootnluned.) .Beater covered her face with her hands, .and the compassionate comforter saw a tear .trickle down one of the shapely fingers. ' There, there, Hester dear ; don't cry : 1 know you can't talk shout it yet, not even to me.' The girl looked up with checks nflame. ? And yon know why I can't I It's shame . ful to even think of snob a thing !' , . 'No, it isn't,- not from my poiotof view; you must remember I know some things on the other side, and if Hugh hasn't spoken it's bcoauee he has been restrained by a ?, nobler motive than most men could find a pldce for. Oh, you needn't bide your face . Again : I'm not going to do his wooing for him ; you'll find ho oan do that for himself, sorr.e day, and then he'll toll you all about it.' HeBter rose and crossed to the window commanding a view of the mountain and Mrs Lndlow went away to attend to her household duties. When she looked in at hour later, the girl was still standing at the window, inching v ith vistfnl eyrs ut llie forest-clad slopes of tun great hill, as it eeekiug to read tho kcoret of the mystery on the fair pages of the lnndeoape. It was a long, weary day for tho two women, and in the afternoon Hector announced her intention oi retnrmnor to 'Thn T.Hnrnla ' . ' I shall hear sooner, if I go baok,' rhe paid, in reply to Mrs Ludlow's effort to detain her, 'and the delay is pitifully hard it best.' ' Shan't I have John get out the phaeton, £0 I oan drive you up f' 'No,' replied Hosier, with her face averted. ? I think it will be bettor for me to go by myrelf. If— if it should turn out as I fear, I should want to be quite alone for a whiln.' Mrs Ludlow understood, and did not seek to ohsnge her plans ; and after the girl had disappeared in the windings of the mountain road, the tender-hearted little woman took the vacant place at the window, watching eagerly for the first signs of the returning ee&roh-party.; , \- She was standing there yet when the snn Went behind the mountain «nd the first ttragglorsof the p»rty .began, to appear in ttie road ; and *he,was jxyi8,g(B0 earnestly to aistitiguish the form of her husband among to« men that sho did not hear him wheu he entereditho room. ' A single glance at bis fane disheartened her, and she could not find words to frame the question that found better speech in her eyes. ' No, we didn't find bim',' said Lcdlow, gravely, answering her thought. 'We quartered every foot of the plateau and looked all along nnder tire cliffs on both brows of tbe mountain. He's not up there, dead or alive,. And that isn't sfi: the , McNabb was blown up again last night.' Mrs Lndlow Beemcd not to have heard the last sentence, for (he put her arms around her husband's nook and hid her faoe on bis bosom, saying, softly, 'Oh, poor, poor Hester !',j GHAFTEB XI. SHE BDILDDIO OF i. STUB. Oood resolutions, backed by whatever plea of advisability or neoereity, are cot always oertaiu to bear fruit after their kind. When Bingbrand flung himself down beside tbs log to wait for the dawn, he fully intended keeping awake In order to take advantage ot the earliest light for the beginning of the saw endeavour. So ran tbe alert deter mination ; but he who . watches may not lie quietly with dosed eyes, and when Bingbrand ' sprang to his feet out of a sound sleep ths morning Was fat adrarjoed. ? Keproaohlng- himself ; remorsefully for his want otVijrilauoo, he retaUad thedetaDt of tbe plan wmoa cad suggerted Itself in the night, and went immediately to work. He Snt-asoorUiiMd half the length -of the log by measuring it with the rope, and with the dimension thus obtained lie ganged tbe varying width of the cavern until he found a point 'w^ere the walls approached each other so nearly as to uutke tLe intervening correspond exaotly with hta measurement. The next step was to out the log into two } pieces of equal length, and, dragging it ou into the better light under the aperture, h narrowly missed throwing it down upoa an it her puokage of food vimilar to the onu lound in the same spot on the previous morning. It was a welcome surprise, and he stopped work long enough to devour tho bard corn-bread and greasy bacon, thinking that the daintiest breakfast ever brought him by the well- trained waiter in the grill-room of bis New York olub had not been eaten with a keener relish. ?It must be the woman, he soliloquized; ' it can't be anyone else ; and if these fellows have put their devilieh plot in motion I'll get no more rations from that souroe, because they were to send her away to-day. After all, though, I don't know as it makes muoh difference ; if another night finds me Btill in this hole I shan't oare muoh what becomes of me.' Putting the shadow of despondently into words had the effect of denning it, and he shook it off resolutely. ' That'll never do ; there must be no 'its' and 'amis' about it : I've just got to get out of here while this daylight lasts/ He swallowed tho last mouthful of bread and fell to work again,' beginning to out a grove around the middla of the log by in cessant and careful strokes of the pick. In turning tbe piece of timber, he saw where the mountaineer's shot had ploughed a deep furrow in it, and be knew then that the bruise on bis arm had been made by (be glancing and half, spent bullet. He scarcely heeded the grim reminder, and as he bent patiently to bis work he thought bow quickly the school of privation and hardship begin? to impress its lessons of Indifterehoo npan the mind. mere, are many cnutgs easier oiaccom ment than the cutting in two of ft «r-mol stick of tough oak with the dull point of a pick as a substitute for an axe ; and the muscles of Bingbraud'a baok and arms were in peinf nl rebellion, and his hands were sore ana blistered, long before the thing was done. As a college man, he had been rather fond of athletics, and the training of the university gymnasium, reaching up through the over lying years of sedentary habit, gave him the powor of endurance and enabled him to keep steadily at work iu spite of the protects of back and anus and handB ; but this did not lessen the acuteness of the pain, nor did it dull the keen agony of apprehension that seized upon him as be saw how slowly the cutting progressed. Notwithstanding his perseverance and the feverish energy with which he worked, the hanrift of his watch marked the hour of noon when the lait re maining fibres of the wood gave way under tbu blows of the piofc, and, sfrppintr only long enough to get a drink of water from tbe pool, he carried the piece* to tho poiut deter mined by ihe mesenremont with tbe rope, and began to fit one of them breast high between the vertical walls as the first round of hit) l.idder. ' By Jove! talk about rpecial providences — what chance would I have if this bit of tiinher hadn't tumbled down here?' It was a rrmfovt to think aloud in the dead eilence of I he place. ' Now, if I can wedge this so it will hold me ? ' A half-dozen trials wei.t for nothing, and ha sat down to worry it cut in theory. ' It's too long — that's what's tbe matter with it: but if I cut it off it may be too short for the next plane, and that won't do. Let mo see ; I wonder if I couldn't dig a little step for the lower end.' He was on his feet again in a momont, picking a shallow hole in the soft sandstone. The expedient, answered the purpose, and wben tbo log was adjusted be tried it, first by littles and then by climbing up and jumping upon it. It held, and he forgot his anbee and pains in the exultant Joy of suocess. 'Thai, demonstrates it : if I can fit one, I nan fit the others. And I'll get the haug of it presently, so 1 oin work faster. It ought not to take more than six of these to carry me to .the top ?- nix, or^poetihljr. -»ovon,' — scanning the olei't above him, — 'and I've got five hours or snch a matter to do it in. At that rate it will be dark wbei I get back to Ludlow's : but that won't matter. An hour will give me aU the time I want at Tom's, and we oan figure safely up to ten o'olook.' Than the folly of planning bo fax ahead while he was still in prison thjt for two days and a half had resisted all his ef forts to break it etruok him like tbe rebuke of a toskmaker, and he slid down from tho log with a mild imprecation pointed at his own vagaries. 'That's just like mo,' he muttered, ' sending ray imagination across the river before the bridge is even planned. Work it the word, you speculative idiot ! Do you hear that f Work !' To his great astonishment, ihe word seemed to bring an answer from tbe upper world, and he ran to the other end of '.he cavern to listen. The hMlo was repeated, and he answered it with all the strength of his lungs ; once again he heard the ory, but this time it was fainter, and after that the sileioo was undisturbed. Alive to the im portation of utilizing every moment of time, Rnj/braud teturuod to his work; but the expiring glimmer of the hope raised by the answering shout left a feeling of depression which wonld have unmanned him had hf. known that one of tbe searching miners bad actually looked dovn into the cavern at the moment wben be was climbing down from the first step cf his problematical stair. Fitting the first round of the ladder from tbe solid standing- ground offered by tbe bottom of the cave was muoh easier than the adjustment of the second, bat Bingbrand bed his plans well thought out now, and he worked carefully and methodically, saving the preoiouB momontB in every possible way. Climbing to a g?at upon tbe round already placed, he hoisted the other pieoe of wood after him by means of the rope; and, balanolng upon the precarious footing, be suooeeded after many cautious trials in hew ing out a resting-place for tbe seoond step in his stairway. With, ihe fixing of this round, however, the difficulties immediately doubled, because the ^subsequent steps must be fitted eaoh from the alight foaflold ing r Horded by the other; Making a final trip to the floor of the cavern, Ricgbtand tied one end of the' rope to ihe piok, and carrying the other end with him, he asoended and fastened it to tbe first piroe of wood. Then climbing to the seobnd, he repeated the former operation, dislodging the lower round by gentle upward blows with thn swinging pioK and draTPinir it up until be oould grasp and raise it to a point still higher in the cavern. The plan was com pletely successful, but its slow progress con sumed the time remorselessly, and the strain nf work and anxiety began to tell upon him. He fought desperately against the riaintr fever of impatience, knowing well enough that everything now depended upon his abi'ity to go on with persistent determina tion and with steady bends. Ab be Deared the roof of tho cavern, where the shadows were deeper, the difficulty of plaoing the oroBs pieoes inoreased so greatly that he grew faint and dizzy with lifting and reach ing ; and while he was raising the last step in tnu stair to its place between tbe walls, he suddenly became blind and tremulous, the heavy log s'ipped from -his hands and went orashing to tbe bottom of the ohacm, and a second afterward he lost his balance and fol lowed it, catching frantioally at the uneven walls as he rslid baok to the sandy floor. The sharpest disoouragemont is sometimes a blessing in disguise. The shook of tbe fall and the apparent failure of his carefully laid plan seemed to inspire Kingbrand with an energy born of despair. Struggling to his feet, and gathering new courage from the thought that the other end of the rope wag still fastened to the remaining round in the upper shadow*,, he lashed the stick that had fallen to tho end to which the pick was aUaohed, and oifmbed once more to tbe porch in tbe twilight under the roof. Fired with an enthusiasm which banished all thought of fatigue, be soon had the swaying log in his gra.ji again, and after a moment of oriboal poising the last step wvs wedged into its plaoc and driven seourely home by a few « owe with the piok. Without waiting to it its fltabillty, he swung up to the frail staging, drew tbe piok up after Mm, aud balanced himsolf for tlie attack upon the roof. Just at Ibis juncture tho thoaSV suddenly came to him that he had baiV^S1* ladder upon the mere supposition ;' . ,-i.*r' *? roof was assailable, and an av iui '?? instead of yielding earth be might encounter a huge boulder almost unnerved him. There was no time for hesitation, however, and, summoning all bis strength, he swung the piok upward, giving a glad cry of relief and a hearty ' Thank God!' when the iron tore a great hole through the thin covering, bringing down a shower of earth and pebbles upon Dim, and letting the blessed light of day into the gloomy shadows of the pit. A minute later he was standing, begrimed and bieathlojs, but heart-whole and thank ful, upon the firm turf of the mountain-top ; and, pausing only long enough to get bis bearings, he set off at a qoiok trot toward Tregarthen, taking a straight courao through the forest and keeping the direction by the red glow of the sunset. OHAPTEB XII. A VALOBOUS CQWABD. The leader of the unsuccessful party of sea oherB was just finishing, his supper, in the intervals of whioh delayed meal he had been giving his wife a detailed narration of the events of the day. ' And now I sup pose I've got to go and . put in the night at the McNabb,' he added: 'these raids have got to be stopped, if ? ' . Mrs Ludlow held up a warning finger. ' I thought that was our gate,' she said, and presently they both heard the quick cervoos tread of some one ooming up the gravelled walk. Then there was a step on the verande, and before either of them oould rise s grimy apparition appeared at the- door of the dining-room. Ludlow sprang to his feet with an eiclaraation of glad surprise. ? By Jove, old fellow, but yon did give me a turn!' he exclaimed, grasping the ap parition's hand and wringing it heartily. ? I thought it was your ghost, — I did, for a fact ; and I believe the small madam thinks so yet. — Helen, dew, wake up and allow me to introduce Mr Bicgbrand.' Mrs Ludlow rose unsteadily and ran cp, laughing and orying in the same breath. ' You foolish man !' she said, pushing her husband aside impetuously, ' can't you see that Hugh is nearly dead r— and yon stand there mating your miserable jokes ! Why don't you run for the doctor, quick i' In spite of tho dreadful secret that was weighing him down like a nightmare, Bing brand dropped into the nearest chair and laughed till the tears cut little channels through the grime on his cheeks. ' You mustn't mind mo,' he said, as soon as he could epeak ; ' I haven't laughed for three whole days, and it sounds to good aud home like to hear you talk again. I don't want a dootor, Tom,' — Li'diow was edging toward the hat rack, — ' I need soap and water and something to eat. — Mrs Ludlow, I'm your guest, and I've lost ten consecutive meals : please have Auat Mina put the whole ton of them on the table, and I'll devour them when I've washed oS a little of this war paint.' Mrs Ludlow vanished in the direction of the kitchen, and iti&gbnnd; rose and grasped his friend's arm. 'Tom, you come up stairs with me while I clean up a bit, and I'll tell you what I can. There's work out out for both of us to-night, with not any too much time to spare.' Ludlow followed him up-ntaira, asking, 1 Shall I turn on the water in the bath-room for you ?' ' No ; there isn't time for that ; but you may open those valises and get me a whole olean outfit —the bUok suit with the cut away will do.' He got out of bis soiled olothing hur riedly, throwing the different artiotes all about the trim room aud hastily recounting the story of hie capture, ' imprisonment, am escape, concluding by giving an outline of the plot against the Latimers as set forth in the conversation between the two men in the cave. ' Great heavens I but it's lucky your over beard that talk,' ejaculated Ludlow, pans ing in his aimless search among tho contents of the travelling-bags. 'It's something more than luck Tom,' replied Bingbrand, sluicing hie face in the basin ; it's Providence, or else I shouldn't be here to tell about it.' ' Have you thought of any plan to oheok mate tbe scoundrels ?' ' I have, and it needs your belp. As soon as I've had something to ear, we'll drive up to ? The Laurtls,' and then you oan take tho first opportunity that offers to get the colonel by himself while you tell him about it. He can tell Henry quietly, and there'll be no need of alarming Mies HeBter, After she has gone to bed we'll hold a counoil of war, put out the lights, and dispose our forces so as to give the Bynums a warm weloome when they como ; they will not make the attempt much before midnight, and we will bave plenty of time tuget ready for them. ' Hadn't we better take a few of the mon with us f— the Bynum boys will fight like devils when they find themselves cornered.' 'I think it won't be necessary— oan't yon find that suit P You me, there will be four of us, and if you can manage to oapture the one who is holding the hones, I think the aolonel and Henry and myself will be good for the other two. I had thought of rug gesting something like this. They will leave the horses in the grove at tbe left of the avenue, and you uan post yourself where you can slip up and surprise your man. Then the others will proceed to fire the home, — probably at the front — retreating to the cover of the clomp of laurels to await developments. lor the sake ot having a clear oase of arson against -them, I thought it would be best to wait until they had actually Btarted the fire, and wbi!e they are doing this I can get behind the laurels and the colonel and Henry oan prepare to oover the men with their rifles as they retreat. At the proper moment I can show myself and demand a surrender, and we'll save them pretty well surrounded,' Ludlow rose from his knees. and prooeedoi to dump the contents 'of the valises upon the bed, whittling softly to himself a; be did so. * Thn flnhflmfl'R &n; nlnni' mb diluted rinvliolif and it is worthy of a graduate of Scotland Yard,' ho said. 'There is only one point that is a little misty : you've' given yourself a part that will ask for a heap of downright oold-blooded nerve, Hugh. What have you done with your respected tradition* of in herent oowardioe, and the like ? ' ? Left them, in the hole up on the moun tain, t hope,' replied Riugbrand, struggling into the olothing handed him by Ludlow. ' Anyway, that is just what I want to find out. On two oooasions within tho last three days I have managed to scare up courage enough to stand up to danger like a man, but tbe conditions were suoh as would have tniuiA r nibbit tnrn and fio*hf. WhAt T want to know now is if the inspiration were merely an exaggeration of the instinot of self defence, or if 1 really did irain a viotory.' 'Well, you're certainly m a fair way to settle the question if you carry out your pro gramme. Has it ooourred to you that your calm demand will probably be answered by a couple of riflo balls f ' I have thought of that, but I mean to take tbe ohanoes,— if I do not weaken and make a failure of the whole affair/ Bingbrand oompleted his . hasty toilet, and went down to the dining-room, where Mrs Ludlow was waiting to serve the returned wanderer. . He took 'bis aooustoaied plaoa and made a ravenous onslaught upon the hastily prepared supper that astonished and naUned the sympathising hostess. ? How dreadfully hungry you were I' she said, call' in g Aunt Mima to replenish the empty bread plate. 'Haven't you had anything to eat all these dayeP' * Not very much. I will tell you all about it tbs first chance I get.' (To be continued.) 