TIUE LIGOHT THAT CAST NO SHADlOW Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the "adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performance. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested hint all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. "I can't see to read, here," said the visitor. "Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it lhad one strange quality-it cast sot the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earth quake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who lhas been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tells him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example: "In the spring of 1888," writes our cor respondent, " I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was de ranged, may appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continred in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervous ness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any cofidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since muy recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Grifliths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley 11111i, 1Birmingham, June 8th, 1893." There is a deal of difference between hMr Griflithls' candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical shabout Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the tlheory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease- indiges tion and dyspepsia; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why peple believe all that is told of its ?access by great witnesses. Purifying the role. No less than 1600 names were taken off at Richmond on Saturday. Four young women at Warrnamibool were submitted to considerable indignity on Friday evening. They had divested themu selves of their clothing on a lonely part of the beach, and, in company, sent into the sea for a bath. Having enjoyed their bath they leturned to the sand hummocks to dress, but fotumd that all their clothing and even their boots had been stolen. Ulti mately all the girls get come garments, but (Herald) had to waldk barefooted to their homes. ' The unusual spectacle of a funeral coming to a s'andstill at a publichouse was witnessed in Swanston street on Monday afternoon. People who stood about in the immediate vicinity wondered whether or not the landlord was dead, or whether the hearse driver was thirsty, or the chief mourners were coneerned about the heat, and desired to slake their thirst before proceeding further on their mournful journey. All speculationswerefortunately wrong (states theArgus). The cortege had come to a standstill merely that the chief mourners might read the cricket scores posted on the publican's window, DEAFNEOSS LD NOISES IN THE HEAn cured at the patient's home. This Illustrated Edition also treats on the cure of Catarrh. Bronchitoc Asthma, Extreme Stoutness, Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Rheumatism, by Mledico-Elec teicity.-t-d. J. Bright, publisher, 20 Rath done Place London. W.C.. England. CLAItrcc's WonRLDu-FrIED BLon MIxrrTE. -"The most searching Blood Cleanser that science and medical skill have brought to light," Sufferers from Scrofula, Scurvy, Bad Legs, Eczema, Skin and Blood Diseases Pimples and Sores of any kind are solicited to give it atrial to test its value. Thousands of wonderful cures have been effected by it. Bottles, 2e 9d each, sold everywhere. Beware of worthless mitationu and substitutes. 