Aboriginal Graves. The following is the custom usually adopted in this district, which extends from Waller (on the Burnett) to Miriam Vale:- a shallow grave about 3ft. deep is dug with a yam stick, fac ing the rising sun then a sheet of bark is laid in the bottom to lay the body on, another sheet of bark is placed on top of the body, usually resting on four stout saplings placed across the grave and filled up with soil; and their superstition, generally causes them to clean the leaves, etc., away to allow their ghost to get away without soiling his feet, and also that be may easily find sundry treasures, such as a favourite matchbox, or some- thing that his relatives , have placed on the graveside with the idea that it may come in useful on the journey. The burial, usually eventuates at sun rise the morning following the death; then towards midday a near relative commences cooeeing towards the sky, and continues to do so until he is satisfied he has heard the deceased reply " Good-bye everybody; I'm going now." In former years, about a month after the burial the body was exhumed and the remains carried to a hollow tree in which a hole had been chopped about, shoulder high, and the skeleton dropped into its last resting-place, and the hole covered over with a strip of bark, and the tree marked all round with a tomahawk to tell a man is buried in there (" bones in there"). A piccaninny in this district is gene rally popped into a hollow tree straight away, evidently not being worth the trouble of a double burial; in fact, occasionally a white ants' nest that a porcupine had hollowed out has made a good substitute for a tree. When a blackfellow from another tribe dies here, it is customary to send the skele ton to his own country in course of time. As a mark of great respect, the tree in which the skeleton has been dropped is burnt, so that nothing may again remove it. The Mary River and Frazer Island blacks used to strip the flesh from the bones, and carried each in a se parate dilly-bag (this is an honour con ferred upon the gins) until all was de composed or the smell got too much for them, when they adopted the hol low tree. In the northern end of this district a platform is often built as a bed for the dead, constructed of four forks, about 9ft. high, a few crossed saplings, and a bark floor, on which the body is laid and left exposed for the weather and time to destroy. After placing the body on this floor a fire is lighted on either side to frighten away the devil (" melong"), and so the ceremony ends. After the burial is over, the women (a few near relatives) go into mourning, the favourite dress being feathers, which are stuck into the hair, forming a weird-looking head-gear; unsightly gashes are also cut all about the arms and legs. The men, however, prefer to paint their bodies with coloured clay. Aboriginals are dreadfully super stitious, and always after a death shift camp a few miles away, where they build a bough gunyab, where the old warriors place the articles the de ceased most prized, and lie in wait to catch the ghost, which they believe they do, and when they learn his new name pass him out for ever. 