"la hed grvdal! Bl MIlRs. o. SInueoxN, Authoress of "Dorothy's Jewels." CORAPTIER XV (Continued). " Anna I" Mlrs Weld then heard iMr Goddard say, in a grave, rathlr peremp tory tone. " Well, Gorald I" with a little ring of defiance to the musical tones. "You mustgive it to me." " Why will you lersist.in hirassing me upon to saobjoct, Gerald P"ioad madame, somewhat impatibntly. " I have told you that I utll not,, and _that Battles the matter." "It does not ot tle it. i.tell.,you I rusl$ have it." "' Mnst ' is a strong word, Mr God dard." " have nost my heart upon it; the certificate tlilongs to me--it is the only proof iii existence, of-of a cortin event, and it may be of inestimable value to me, if I should over-" " Balih! you never will," sharply in terrupted his companion. "I supposed you had rdlinqulshied that idea long ego." "I have nout--I haveo tried to, hbut it clings to' me in spite of all my efforts. But that does not nocessarily affect the quoation under discussion. I want that document and-I am going to have it," the man concluded, in a determined voice. "I/you can got it, you mean, Gerald," his wife mockingly returned. " No, no, my dear old boy-that is the cnly whip that I have to hold over you." " Perhaps you have destroyed it," said lfr Goddard, in a tone indicativo of anxiety. " Ha, ha I that would be rather hard on you, wouldn't it, dear! T laughed madame, wiokedly. " Have you ?" cried the manl, in an awful voice "Thllere, there I don't fly into a psa sion, Gerald," was the mocking re. joinder. 'Then, adopting a more earnest tolln: " Uut be at rest-t have not-I have it safe, though I should have burned it years ago, but for the hope that you would some day purchase it ofme, upon my own terms." "Purehase it I" repeated the man, bitterly. "Yes, I know that your bank acuount is rather limited just now, Gerald," said madaml, witha ight laugh. " But I was not thinking of planeig a money value upon thl'impor when I apoke. You knotw the price I have sot upon it-it is simply a condition, and.I do not need tu repeat it to you. I told it to you only the.other day ; and.,when you are ready to comply with that, t"will do the right thing by you." " You are so nreasonable, Ainna." "A woman is alway unroeasonablo, Gerald, when she refuses to do what her husband ', ishoe lier to do, or asks of hiin something that he is unwilling to do." The man swore at her under. his breath. " I rill hove it,: though," he added, fiercely.. " Tut tut, dear; don't lose your tom poer," said madame, tanialisingly. Then, assuming a more frientdly tone, site con tinued : "Como, Gerald, do not lot u'm quarrol; th/is week at all events. 1 am determined to have a good time, and to make all our guests majoy themselves, if I ran. '\nd my play-it is going to be a grandsuccoess. Butl must notstandhere talking ' there are a thousand and one things to be done. I was just coming in to change my dreads, to go to tow upon a very important errand. Please order the carriage for mio while I aim getting ready -there's a dear." And the erratic woman who could be so mialicious one moment find charming as al houri the next, leaned forward and touched her husbanld'a chek with her red lips, the sound of her caress reachingi the ears of the woman within the sewing room and icaising her to* tlusli'to'lher brows. Then she vanillod illto her own rooei farther drow the hall, shltting the door after her, and'thlua putting an eod to the conversation, which had resulted in suoli a palpable.dofeat to the imaster of the house, and which, if madame had but known it, was destined to prove the first downward stop in her own brilliant but rather questionable career. OHAPTER XVI. "TnERE ARE oGosT08 AND-OhOS8 1" Aftor madame na disappearaneo within her own room, Gurald Gdlard slowly retraced ;his steps downstairs, no choice left him but to do her bidding. taut the listener, within the saowing room, who lIad nat as motionlcss as a statue during his convoeration with hie wife, heard an irritable oath escape him as he went. inh woman herself lad boon strangely affected by what she had heard. Sih was as white as chalk, or would have been but for the yellow stain that disguised lier complexion. She had removed eur spectacles again, and her eyes were gluaming witli a srrange, almost savago light. She started, excitdly to liher feet, as she heard the hall-door close after tile master of the house. L What did they moan P" slhe muttered, hoarsely. " A certificato I \lhy did she steal it from himn Whiy does slhe need to hold it as a whip over hint ? Why is he so atiiouas to got it back into hIs own possession 1" The woman's face was a study as she gave uttoranco to these excited queries, which were evidently of a very puerplexing nature to her. All at once she started, as if some fresh thought had sent a shock through liher frame. " Ahal can it be possible that there was uanothe/r " elt coumtinued. excitedly. " nd is it thlat whlich silo has 'stolen ul' Is it that of which Ihe t so anxious to re gain aossUssiou 1 Wlhat posaiblo g,oadl could it do to hliill nov He.vonus call it 'm that he hopes ; that he suaspectal oh, no; that echloem was conduUted fo cleverly that he never could have known." She broke olf sauddunly, and sank back into her chair. where Usie retmained in profound thouglht for seoveral itnents, and, evidently, ereitly exercised over some perplueing question. "Iibelieve that I oan juslilied ill uy suspicions," she nsaid at last. " Yes, I am almost eaureo, and now I know why I am here I" Sli drew herself erect, withl an air of proffound roeolve. Stun laid tier ork pon tile table, put hue thilbllo, thread, and scissors beside it, then rising againo, walked deliberately from the room. She wenlt straight down the lhall, for getting, in her eiagrness, to assume hlier usual waddling ganit and tapped unp'n MrIs Godulard' dour. "Gdomo in, Euditl," said that lady, thinking that was her comlpnuion who wan seeking admittanue. Mrs Weld eumhleisitatinoly oluned the door. aid lrto red the roolm. "lIt, it is yuuue, hIr \V'oll," nridamoa ramarked, ill a tone of surprise, a slight I own of annoyance contracting her brow, ,.,r she haid conceived a strange dislike toward the awkward;- blue-spectacled lhoiseltopor, although she could find no fanlt with her on the score of- hellm cioney. ".I have como, madamo, to see if you have any; peoial orders regarding dinner this evening," thei woman remarked. " Will extra covers be required, and what color do you wish in the decorations 1' "Yesthero will be four extra guests to-night,:'Myre Goddard returned. "I was coming to tell youen preeotly, for I am going out for a few hoora," she added. "I think woe 'will use: scarlet for the table to-day ;.and, iMre. Weld, b sure to .have frest flowers put in the rooms of all the guestta '" -. " Vory"well; is there anything else 1" inquired. th hohusekeepor, while the keen eyes behind theoblue glasses observed that madamn ivas neuvously filgering a time yellowed document, which she was.hold ing in her iands, and which she had evi dently just taken from the depths of her juwol-cakiot thalt stood upon the table bcsioe her. "No, unless-yes, I think I will have the best service used to-night,"' said M?rs Goddard, after considering a moment; "and all the handsomest glassware. I desire that the table shall be espoeially fine. Of courao, the butler will attend to the arrangement as usual ; only, you have such excellent taste, lirs Weld, if you happen to see any improvoments that can be made, do not hesitate to suggest them. Whore ia Edith, do you know n ' she con cluded, as she laid in the jwel-box the paper she hold, and readjusted over it the cushion, which had evidently been pried from its place. " I think she is sooewhlere about the house. Shall I send her to you if I should happeon to see her ?' lir Weld inquired. " Do, if you please," madamo returned, whereupon the housekeeper waddled fro:m the room. " Ugh I that woman gives me the chills every time alto s comes niear'me," murmured the fair mistress of the house, when sihe was oneo more alone. "'Those glasses make her perfectly hideous,-and her coarse, grey hair, hatging down each aide of her face, is, to say the least, utiqu.o I sometimes thinktit is a wigi-I wonder if the woman is bald-hoaded, and obliged to wear one I But one should not mind things of such minor importanco ; she certainly is the most efficient htouse keeper I have oaver had; she alway soeemns to know the popoer thing to do at the proper time. I believe I would like to retain lher for the town house if I could find some rensonablo excuse for dismissing Mrs Brown. Perhaps I might got used to hier peculiar personality after a while." While Mrs Goddard was musing thus inside her room, as she Ihastily exchanged her house-dress for a street costume, tlio object of her refloections was standing in a profound reverieousido her deeoor. "I shall know the nature of that docu ment before I leave this house," ahlto ut tored. "Whether it proves to be what I have dared to suspect, or not, I mttsl know ; if it should-ah I the day of eutrllution will not bhi far away." She moved slowly and thoughtfully down the 'hall,'and, turning into a wing of the house, opened the dobr of a roomr where she heard seno one moving about. " Oh 1" criel IEdiili, brightly;'ias tho saw' her, "why did.you come quite so soon, Mrs WVld I am almost tlroughl, though. I have simdly to arrange the knieknaoks upon this draessing-ase. I hope you are rested," slte concltuded, eearclhi!lg tihe woman's face curiously. " Yes,. thank you, liies rtdith, I am feoling quite myself again, and will finish lhear, for Mrs Goddard hase comeo in and itquired for you-" ....Ah1- doos"elio know' that 'asi ex changed work 1' "No; I wentto her for orders, and alto asked tme if I had seen you," the ilousekeeper explained. "The dress is dote, and I feel that you wore very kind and thoughltfttl to lot mo filsha it while you worked for me. I shall not soot forget the favor, I asoure you." ' " Thank you ; but I hope t shall not give out again," said Mre Weld, thoughl with a sigh which betrayed that her duties were somewhat irksome. "I hope not, indeed; but, of course, there will be more and more to do until this frolic is over, and it will be a won der if you, and everybody else, do not got tired out. Is there anything else that I can do for you, by and by 1" Edith kindly inquired. "Mladaumo wishes fresh Ilowora or ranged in all the guest-chambers; and, if you can spare the time when site is through with you, it would be a great hell if you could attend to the matter." "I shoult l like to, above all things," said Edith, eagerly. " I am very fond of flowers, and they do have such lovely ones in the greenhouses here. But ['must run away now, I suppose." And, adiesting herself of her spotless turban and apron, the girl, happy in having done an act of kindness, hastened away to Mra Goddard's room. " Is my dress ready, Edith 7" that lady inquired, when she made Iher appearance. " Yes ; shall I bring it now ?" "Do, for I am gtting to town, and wish to get some nlace for the sleeves and neck you will have to measure and toll me how much Iu need." Edith wont out, and soon returned with the dainty waist. " You have doneo it beautifully," said ladanme, as aho examined it " You are veiy export with your needle, child." The girl tlushed, but did not undo ceivo hier regarding her mistkeo although shel ftlt somewhat guilty to receive prai~o to which heto was not justly entitled, even though cshe know that she could have performed the task exactly as well. She measured for tile lace, and teol mlinutes later mnadame was on her way to t3wn. Later in the afternoon, while IMrs Weld cwas in the dining-roomt, suerin tetldilng, in a general way, the arral?gu ientt of the table, MIr Goddard entered to give soae ordture to the butler reganrdl ian n case of liquors that had just atrrived. Thlltt clored funllctiottary was sLtandinllt belside tile Ihtoutkooper, ctosultitg withl her reigarding thet disposition of soime table decertitnse and as Mir loeddard approached theut, the womallln sllivered slilghtly, antid ome napkins, which sho haid liben holding in her tlandl, full ill a heap upon the floor. Whether frou anccident or desiIn, lIra Votld and the master of the house had seldom lmet since the former had become i iltelbtlr of the family, site laving re cived iall orders from Mrs Goddaird, fter her coning to Wyomitig, antd, althouogh the gertleolan was conscious that the cltltfort of his torne iwa cIiefly due to iher mlnaltietmntt hel had paid but very littlei hIeed to her premnce pIersonally. lie was always puoctihously though lisltantly ctourtcout to overy tltettber of voluntarily, forgctting thlat the butllr was thore to perform the servcle--hle stooped to recover the napkinsoi for IMrs ehld. UnLfrtunately, asI also inado the ttemntpt to do so at te salne iltuetoullt, thou her Ihead came rudely in contauct withl tile gentlmollnt's arml, tto encouuter dislodiing hier glasses, e.tusing theol to si ll' tiUtnd fall upon the litnen. Mr Goddard, with a polite " oexuse me," looked quickly up to seo what mischief hlie had done, when he found himself gansmg directly into a pair of brillit?t, magnjlcont brown oyes, that inehtlrly acted like an. olcotrio battery upon him. "Good- heavens I" he broathed, in a startled lono, dvery atom of color fading from his face. lBut mrs Wold, with far more nimbloe noes than one would have believed Iher capable of bxhibiting, quickly recovered, and replaced the spectacles, while ehe romnlarkod, with apparent perfect eolf poscmssii,, and as if sihe had not hoard his startled exclamation: "You are. very excusable, sir; they are not injurod in the leaht." "fat, madamne. I-- who - what I" stammored the man, a dazed look still on his whito face, while he still gazed ouriously at her. " Yen, sir ; Albert and I were some what in doubt whether to make one largo contro pioe, as usual, or to hayo a smaller 0ne at each end of tih table," the woman ?almly observed, as if she had understood his disjointed queries to refer to the arrangement of the dinner table. But she had:drawn herself up with an air of dignity, as if the little accident that had occurred was of no further con aoquenco to her. "I-1 cannot say. I am not capable of deciding the matter ; you will have to consult with Mrs Goddard," faltered the gentleman, as he abruptly turned and walked from the room, with the unccrtlin gait of a person who could not see distinctly. Ie wint diroectly to his library, whore, shutting and locking the door, he throw himself into a chair, and wiped the por spiration from his brow. " If I believed in the transmigration of souls, I should almost be tempted to think that a ghost of the past had coma to haunt nio in the form of this hideous old woman. Heavens I what oyesshohas I I never naw but one other pair like them in my lifo I" Hits head fll upon his breast, with a sigh that was almost a groan. " I do not baliedo t can bear thisa kind of existencedinouh'longer," hidontinued, after a little wliloe "Day and night I linea a. restless oravig.for something. which I have not, and yet do not fully comprehend. O I Oodl I if I could but live my lifo over, how differently I would spend it" ".VWhat have I amounted to, anywayl" oe wont on, retrospectively. "Amanwho began his career with more than ordinary teletits, but misused and neglected thebm to seck his own pleasure-to surfeit him self with the world by tasting of every folly under the sun, only to reap, in tmhe end; a harvest of discontent and ro morseo." He dropped his face upon his hands, a bitter sob bursting from his lips. The sounid of it seemed to sting him to the-very soul, for lie started angrily to his feot; his face crimson, his eyes 'blazing with passion. t' Well, old hay, this is a 611f frame of mind foryou to got into I" he muttered, bitterly, as 11e paced the. room with an impatient steop ; "id all because of a tritial accident that pdrnmiitted you to look into an old woman's eyes. Bah t it is altogether too late for you to think of mending your ways, Gerald; there is nothing loft for you but to go on, as you began-getting all the pleasure possible out of life, and, whoun the end comes; enidure it a -boest you may.'" And. witl this cynical conclusion, the man tossed his lhead resoiutoly back, and, going to a card-tablo, took from'the dmror a-pack of cards, and sat down to play solitaire -a game of which he was extremely fond. Ho pi'esently became deeply absorbed in it, although the moody look still remained upon his face, and was only recalled to himself when the dressing bell-a half.hour preceding dinnor pealed through the house, reminding tim that theare was a houseful of guests to be entertained, and that, as hobest, he must not be unmindful of the duty of hospitality. He put aside his cards, and repaired at once to his chamber, from which, twenty minutes later, lie emerged in full ovening dress, and went below, whereohe mingled with his guests, to whom he devoted himself with his usual affibility. It was remarked, however, that he was not looking well, his extreme pallor and hoeavyoyes.plainly indicating indisposition of some kind. He was, himself, conscious of the fact, consequently he kept away from his wife as much as possible, for he felt sure that her keen eyes would instantly detect the fact that something had gone wrong with him, and he was in no mood to have old wounds probed for the second time that day. lo was not destined to escape, however, for madame had noticed, front her eand of the table, opposite him, at dinner, that something unusual was preying upon his mind. She was sure that he was not physically ill, for sllo had studied him ton long to be mistaken regarding his noods. Blt she found no opportunity to get a word with him until late in the evening, when, after a spirited waltz with one of her guests, she found him standing in a corner, alone, and gazing, with an air of abstrection, upon the company around him. oe had not soon her approach him, consequently oo was taken entirely un awares when sle reached his side, and whispered in Ihis ear: w \ra l has happoned, Gerald 7 You look as if you had neon a ghost." He started, guiltily, at the unexpected assault, and wondered whether it was a simple coincidence, or whether asheo sus peeted he had been haunted by those pitiless spectres, remorse and discontent. "A ghost, Anna " oohe repeated, trying to smile indifferently. " Are there any stalking about the house to- night I" " Not for me; but for you, I do not know," shlo replied, with significant em phansis. " You know that I am not a believer in anythlig of the kind," he coldly re turned, Ihaving now completely recovered his Solt.lpossessieln. " ''her re sghosts and--ghosts," she mockinglly retorted; " those consequent upona'lscrdered digestion, and those that stalk close upon the heels of conscienceo." " Really, Anna, you are getting almost Shakespearoanl in your similes," was her husband's sarcastic reosloonse. "Thank you, dear," she said, with a dorisive little laugb. Hulot you cannot hide behind pretty comnplimenots the fact tlat you are not yourself to- night."' " I have hidden notllong fronm you. If I do not look well, it is becoauou I am not fecling so," he coldly returoned. His tone irritated her, and detracted fromo the sympathly and anxliety whiceh usually moved her wlenl anything ailed lilf; boeides, she was il n an unullnally auspicleous m3od ajust then. "lshould jldg so," shie said, aIarch ig is ta shoarply. " Il have niot sooo you look as you dol to-night since that Ilver to be forgotten day lwhen you reeeived a crtain important comlmunicua ien fromo Nell Itoxford." "I nna !" Gerald Godldard burst forth, loarorsely, " will you never havo done withl tllhat wretched subject T' "I" she retorted, lifting a glance of assumed eurprihe to him, tlougl hor eyes were gloaming with malice, fore solhie know ehe had discovered the secret of his un natural aopearance. " I should say, rather, that it is you who are continually harping up-n one- string of late, with your ceaseless demand for a certain docu ment in my possession." " Cease 1" the man angrily commanded, and irritated beyond moeasure at having beeoon trapped into betraying the dis turbed state of his mind. "Sinco you have refused my request, I wish to hear no more about the subject." He turned abruptly, from her, as he ceased speaking, and walked to the oppo. site'end of the room. "1 wonder just what it i is" she mused, looking after him with anxious eyes, from which all spite hadnow faded. S'omething has happened to upset him -something of more consequence than our little quarrel after lunch, and 1 do not believe that it is altogether coward oenscience either." But someone came to claim her atton tion just then, and, in the excitement of her duties as hostess, she forgot the mat tor for the time. CHAPTER XVII. EDrTI REcEIYcv A SOUVEIcR. Nothing further of special interest in connection with our story occurred during thle next few days. The weather was cold but fine; the sleighing continued to be excellent, and tle gay company at Wyoming kept up their exciting round of pleaoosuro both day and night. The theatricals were coming on splen didly, the play being heartily approved by those who were engaged in preparing it, and Mrs Goddard appeared to be in the best of spirits over the success which it promised. On the afternoon of the all-important day a great packing case arrived from the city, and was taken directly to mndame's rooms. A few minutes later Edith was rc quested to go to her. and, upon present. ing herself at the door of her boudoir, was drawn mysteriously inside, and the door:looked. " Come," said madame, with a curious smile, as she led the way to the chamber beyond, "I want you to assist me in un packing something." SCertainly, I :shall be very glad to help you," the young girl replied, with choorful acquiescence. " It is one of the costumes that is to be worn this evening, and must be Ian died very carefully," Mrs Goddard ox. plained. As she spoke she cut the cords binding the great box, and, lifting the cover, roe vealed someo articles enveloped in quau tities of white tissue paper. "Take it out I" commandedmadame, indicating thie upper package. Edith obeyed, and, upon removing the spotloss wrappings, a beautiful skirt of white satin, richly toimmed with lace of an exquisite pattern, was revealed. "Oh, Ihow lovely I" exclaimed the young girl, as, shaking it carefully out, she laid the dainty robe upon the bed. Next came the waist or corsage, which was also a marvel of artistic tasto and beauty.. This was laid against the skirt, when the costume, thus complete,was a'perfect delight to thie eye. " It looks likea bride's dress," Edith observed, as sho gazed admiringly upon it. " You are right I It is for the bride who figures in our play to-night," said madame. "But 'it looks perfectly fresh-as if it had never boon worn I" Edith remarked, in a tone of surprise. "It never has been worn-it was made expressly for the occasion,' Mrs Goddard replied. - " It soenis almost too bad to use any. thing so lovely just for a play-and I am sure it is very extravagant,' said the young girl, smiling, but speaking regret fully. "Ah I but I was dtoermined to make the thing a success," returned madame; regarding her with a peculiar expression " 1 had no notion of laying myself liable to criticism, for the want of a proper cos. tnmeo for my heroine The other cos tumes will all be fresh, in the last scene, for t'o young ladies had them made for the ball, so will wear them in the play. This must be the veil, I think." she con eluded, lifting a large box from the case, and passing it to her companion. Edith removed the cover, and uttered an involuntary cry of delight, for before Iher lay a great mass of finest tulle, made up into a bridal veil, and surmounted by a coronet of white waxen orange blossoms. There was also a corsago bouquet to match. An oexamination of two other boxes disclosed a pair of white satin boots, em broidered with pearls, and a pair of long white kid gloves. "Everything is exquisite, and so com plete," murmured Edith, as she laid them all out beside the dress, and then stood gasilg icc rapt admiratioc upon tihe outfit. " Yes, of course, the bride will be the most conspicuous figure in the last act the cynosure of all eyes, in fact-so she would need to be as completo and perfect as possible." Mre Goddard explained, but watching the girl warily out of the cor ners of her eyes. " Who is going to wear it " Edith on quired, as she caressingly straightened out a spray of orange-blossoms that had caught in a mesh of the lace. Madame's oyes gleamed strangely at the question. "Miss KIorby takes the part of the lheroino of the play," she answered, " whom, by the way, I called Edith, be cause I iike th ae so mouch. I did not think you would mind." "Oh, no," said the girl, absently. Then, with a little start, she exclatmed, as she lifted something from the box from which the gloves had been taken : But what is this P" It was a small half-circle of lice white gauze, edged with a fringe of frosted silver, while a tiny chain of the same material was attached to each and. "Ohl I that is the mask," said Mrs Goddard. "i The mnask " repeated Edith, sur prised. SYes ; I don't wonder you look asto nished, to find such a thing among the outfit of a bride," said madame, with a peculiar little laugh ; "but, although it is a profonnd secret to everybody outside the actors, I will explain it to you, as the time is so near. You will understand this is na psy that I have myself writton." " Welf, I have oentitled it' The Masked Bridal,' and it is a very cunningly do vised plot on thie part of a pair of lovers whose obdurate parents refuse to allow them to marry," madame explained. " Edith Lancaster is an American girl, and Huenry Bernard is a Frenchman. They have a couple of friends whose wedding is set out for a certainm date, and who planu to help them outwit the parents of Idith anld IHenri. The sconelo is, of course, laid in Paris, whore everybody knows a marriage must be contracted in church. The frioeds of thle to unfortu nato lovers soed nout their cards annonne ins their approaclhing nuptials, and also the fact that they wrill both be naskced during the cerenmony." " low a trangeo !"' Edith murmured. " Yes, it is both ca novel ad an extra vagant idea," Mlri Ooddard assented; "but, of course, nobody minds thlat iu a play.-the omor. extravagant and unreal the butter it euite the public nowadays. Well, tlhe parents and friends naturally object to this arrangement, but they finally carry their point. Everything is arranged, and the wecdding- day arrives. Only the parents iand a few friends are supposed' to bo present, and at the ap pbinted hour the bridal party, consisting of the usheor and four bridesmaids, a maid-of-honor, and the bride, leaning upon her father's arm, proceed slowly to the altar, where they are met by the groom, best man, and clergyman. Thon conues the ceremony, which seems just as real as if it wore a aboa fde marriage, you know ; and when the young couple turn to leave the church, as husband and wife, they remove their masks, and be. hold I the truth is revealed. Therc is, of course, great astonishment, and some dis may manifested on the part of the obdu rate parents, who are among the invited guests; but the deed is done-it would not do to make a scene or any disturb ance in church, and so they are forced to make the best of the affair, and accept the situation." " But what becomes of the couple who planned all this for their friends 1" Edith enquired. "Oh, they were married half an hour earlier, and came in at a rear door just in Beason to follow the bridal party down the aisle, and join in the wedding-feast at. home." " It is a very strange plot-a very peculiar conception," murmured Edith, musingly. "Yes, it is very Frenchy, and oc tremely unique, and will be carried nut splendidly, if nothing unforeseen occurs to mar the acting, for the amateurs I have chosen are all very good. But," added madame, keenly watching the grave face of her companion, " I am afraid you do not quiver approve of my play; that long face of yours would be a sharp reproof to me if I were at all sonsi tire about the matter." " It sounds something like a French novel," Edith remarked: and flushing slightly. "And consequently has an immoral tendency, I presume you would like to add," sharply supplemented madame, with a frown. "'It seems to mo like trifling with sacredthlings," the young girl gravely re turned. "You are a little Puritan," was the impatient rejoinder, for madame was a woman who never could tamely submit to opposition of any kind. " Possibly, I may seem so," said Edith, quietly, "but I do not approve of clan destine marriages-I think an elopement or a secret marriage, under any circum stances, very wrmog and deenoralising, and" nothing would ever tempt moe to compromise myself in any such way " " No What would you do, then, if you loved a man with all your heart, and your parents absolutely refused to allow you to marry him 7" enquired Mrs God. dard, curiously. " If I were sure he was worthy of my love, and could give me a comfortable home, I should-after leaving exhausted all argument to convince my parents that my happiness depended upon the union boldly claim my right to marry him, and do so, without any attompt at secrecy." "But you could not do that, if you were under age, without your parents' consent," said Mrs Goddard. " What would you do in such a case 1" " I should wait until I was of age," was the quiet response. " But perhaps your lover would not be willing to wait." "Then I should not have much' faith ite his love for me," gravely replied Edith. "I could not have confidenco in a man who would tempt me to do wrong -who would urge me to a step that would make me unpleasantly conspicuous, or create a scandal from motives of eel fishnees, or Impatience. I think girls are, as a rule. in too much haste to marry. Those who are alone in the world might find it to their advantage to have a home and a husband, but for those who have parents to care for them, it seems the height of folly and ingratitude to bring shame upon them, and scandal upon themselves, by taking a reckless stop which they are sure to regret in the end. " You argue very.well,. Edith, and I know that you are exceedingly couscion tious. I am aure that you would never adopt any but a perfectly straightforward •course; but," with a rising flush, "I claim that there are instances where de ception is perfectly legitimate to a certatl extent. But I do not want to be con verted until my play is over, so we will not discuss the matter any further," she concluded, with a nervous laugh. She arose, as she ceased speaking, and stood thoughtfully contemplating the beautiful costume on the bed. She turned away after a moment, an involuntary sigh escaping her. "I must run down to see that every thieng is all right for the evening, before I dress," slhe remarked. " By the way," she added, as if the thought had just oc curred to her, "I would like you to put on something pretty, and come to help me in the dressing-room during the play. Have you a white dress here 7" "Yes ; it is not a very modern one, but it was nice in its day," Edith replied. "' Very well; I shall, not mind the cut of it, if it is only white," said madame. " Now I must run. You can ring for someone to take away this rubbish," she concluded, glancing at the boxes and papers that were strewn about the room; then she went quickly out. Edith obeyed her, and remained until the room was once more in order, after which slhe went up to her own chamber to ascertain if the dress, of which she had spoken, needed anything done toitbeforo it could be worn. Unpacking her trunk, she drew a box from the bottom, from which she took a pretty Lansdowne dress, which she had worn at the redding of one. of her friends nearly two years previous. She had nice skirts, and a pair of pretty white alippors to go with it, and although it was, as she had stated, somewhat out of date, it was really a very dainty cos. tumo. - She Ihid everything out upon the bed, in readiness for the evening, and than voent down to her dinner, which she always took with the housekeeper before the family meal was served, this arrange. moent leaving the woman free to keep an eye upon the servants and see that no mistakes were made to mar thle perfection of these feasts, for which obr and DIrs Goddard had gained an enviable roeputa tion. (To de Coneleionucd.) 