DENMARK NEWS. THE MINSTRELS. The above minstrels gave their first per formance on Saturday evening at Denmark to the largest and most appreciative audience that ever assembled iu the Denmark Hall. The opening consisted of the usual circle the respective corners being taken by Messrs. B. Scott and B. Price whose funny business was well appreciated. The part of " Our Host " was very ably filled by Mr. P. P. Doyle. After the overture Mr. H. Vandepeer rendered "A Soldier and a Man" in an able manner and had to respond to an encore. A song, serio-comic, was given by Miss C. Rooney This young lady shows remarkable ability in the comic element and she bad to respond to a decisive encore. " Kiss Me and Whisper Good-night," by Miss B. Hume was beautifully rendered and she also was re called. The song "Clara Nolan's Ball "by Mr. R. Price fairly brought down the house. The song and dance by the Misses Wim bridge was one of the best items on the programme. They are possessed of very sweet voices and the exact precision with which they dance is remarkable. The next number was a serio- comic by Master Syd Rooney, who in response to re peated calls sang " Only a Tangle of Carls." This young gentleman possesses an excep tionally fine tenor voice and probably, at no distant date he will be heard of again. Song, "Bunch of Flowers," was very nicely ren dered by Miss Ewels and the audience re called her. A medley sung by Mr. B. Scott was extremely funny. He caused roars of laughter by his funny contortions and gri maces. Song, " Let Me Like a Soldier Fal'," by Mr. W. Wilson was faithfully rendered with piano and cornet accompaniment. The first part concluded with a laughter produc ing farce entitled " The Ghost," the partici pants being Messrs. F. Doyle, R. Price and Bert Scott. The second part opened with the duet "The Gipsy Countess" by Miss Ewels and Mr. H. Vandepeer and it was well rendered. " The Banks of the Clyde" was given by Miss B. Hume and needless to say it received full justice at her hands. A song and dance by Messrs. Scott and Rooney pro duced a fine exposition of dancing, Mr, H, Vandepeer rendered " Killarney*' in good style and this was followed by a successful song and dance by the Misses Wimbridge. A recitation by Mr. R. Price showed that he is an elocutionist of no mean order. A most enjoyable evening concluded with a very funny bit of burlesque entitled "He carried a Razor" in which the whole of the company took part. A word of praise is due to Mrs. B. Scott who played the accompaniments peifectly and to whose untiring efforts the successful termination is greatly due ; also to Mr. and Mrs Hame whose residence and piano were always at the disposal of the members, and last but not least to Mr. Ross who prepared the scenic effects and also to Mrs. Ross who prepared some of the cos tumes. It was intended to repeat the per formance on Monday evening but owing to the inclement state of the weather it was postponed. A MEETING of the District Settlers* Asso- ! ciation will be held on Saturday af ternoon at the Freemason's Hotel. j DUKE-STREET LITERARY SOCIETY.-The ! weekly meeting of this society, held on Tuesday night, was largely attended. The subject debated was-* Are Strikes Advan tageous ?" Mr. ~K. C. Thomas opened in the affirmais re, and held that the strikes of the past had been to the advantage of tbe working class, inasmuch as they bad Recored them better wages, shorter hours, anni better means of family life ; that striking was the onlv weapon men had to enforce their rights, since most laws were against them Mr. J. Wray, 6en., contended in the negative that strikes were ruinouB to a country ; that they drove away trade, and always ended disas trously for the men. Mr. A. E. Woods sup ported the affirmative, while Mr. Keyser sup ported the negative. Messrs. Illingworth and Price followed. The judges award as to the merits of tbe debaters was in favor of the negative side, whilst the voting of the mem bers resulted in almost a two-thirds majority for the affirmative. The debate was a I thorough success, and was greatly enjoyed. CADBUB Y'S COCOA A »tiDID latiner and enstainir.8 cap-made Instantly F. A. H. Weston's African Medical Wonderh as made a marvellous improvement in my family's health. Lassitude, hepatic-torpidity aasemia, and the distressing- symptoms attending dyspepsia have ! dil disappeared, »nd the patients nervous vigor health, strength, and vitality have retnrned with in- i cr ase of appetite *and refreshing sleep. Your : African Wonder forchi'dre-' andiufants is unexcel led in its mild and health-giving qualities.-Sumed Thomis Wb;tton Williams. Hay street. Perta, W.A. D ise, 10 drops. Price, 3s. 6d. All chemists. Bead th; advertieemsnL* 