_ ... TJI1C HAUNTED MOUNTAINS; 'OR COLONEL CODY'S SEARCH. A ROMANCE OF THE WEST, By COLONEL PEENTISS INGRAM, " Author of the Mysterious Man in Blue." CHAPTER XXXIV.— (Continued.) A bold courier had pushed through, bringing despatches to Colonel Ferris from the mining camps and setlements, and ihen reported that the Indians had been completely surprised and had suf fered heavy loss, while the whites had got off well .though here and there a stubborn settler and his family, who would not heed the warning sent from the post, had been either killed or car ried off by the Indians. The despatches also reported the most mysterious disappearance, some weeks before, of a gallant young ranchero by the name of Burt Braxton and one of the men on the ranche. They had gone out for a Imnt of several davs. but had never returned, and search for them had been wholly unavailing. The despatch read : "Braxton was one of the finest fellows in the settlement, and had a splendid ranch in the Blue Valley, where he had built a good house and employed six or eight cowboys, all of whom were devoted to him. He was said to be well off, and was such a popular young fellow among the girls that he was known as Beau Braxton; and some of the young men hated him to such an extent, looking upon him as a dangerous rival, that it is feared he may have been murdered, and his companion, Buck Bimey, also. "I remember the young man, for he visited the post once, and was a hand some, courteous fellow. You remember, Ethel, you said he was just the man to win a ffiH'fl huflrt?" eairi ilip PftlnneL "Yes, sir," said Ethel, with a blush. "I was struck by his handsome face and gentlemanly bearing, as well as by his fine horsemanship. I hope no harm has befallen him, uncle." "I sincerely hope not. but it looks bad for him. It was you, Captain Taylor, who reniarke'd that he looked like a man with a history." "Yes, colonel, some young fellow who for reasons best known to himself had come to the frontier to find a home; but I liked the man, and sincerely trust he will turn up," answered Captain Taylor, and then he added: "It is time we were getting more news from the rescue party in the mountains, sir." "Yes. you are afraid victory will in deed be clouded if we are to mourn the loss of Seaford and Cody," responded the colonel; and ail in the fort shared his feelings. CHAPTER XXXV.— NOT FOUND. It was on the evening of the fourth day, and when another storm was threatening, that the sentinel in the "look out" of Barrier Post reported a party of horsemen coming towards the fort along the mountain trail. They were soon recognised as Lieu tenant Emory and his troop, with Nick Norcross and his scouts accompanying. Surgeon Powell was recognised also, but nowhere were the tall forms of Lieu tenant Seaford and Cody visible among troopers or scouts. The. glasses showed also that there were several ambulances being drawn along by horses in the rear, and these told the story of either dead or wound- tru. string wioujji It wat IV m. JVO.IS- . party. Were the two so anxiously looked for on these ambulances, eithei dead or wounded? None cbuld tell until the command reached the fort, and it was yet a mile away and hastening on to find shelter before the storm should hurst upon tliem, for they had liad enough of bliz zards and suffering, as both men and horses showed when they came near enough for gaunt forms and haggard faces to he seen. Into the stockade they filed, just as the flakes of snow began to descend thickly, and Lieutenant Emory, Surgeon Powell, and Nick Norcross went at once to headquarters. If the dashing Sea ford and the gallant scout had returned, then- they were on the ambulances urn der the blankets that sheltered some cold form. "Well, gentlemen, I welcome you hack; hut I fear you bring us had news, Emory," said the colonel. "Yes, sir, I do; for nowhere could we find any trace of Lieutenant .Seaford or Chief of Scouts Cody, though we dis- covered the bodies of two of the five men who were with them, and these two had been scalped. The other three, it is our opinion, were captured with Seaford and Coloney Cody. "Too had— too had." "We did all that we could, sir, and when- 1- reached the camp in (he moun tains,. Scout Norcross and his men were just coining in from their pursuit, and he had had a brush with the Indians, so will make his report to you, sir. "I remained in the camp to make a thorough search for any bodies in the snow, and to wait until one of the wound ed scouts died, and the other men were able to travel. Then I considered it time to return, sir, for there was every indication of more severe weather, and the men were naturally; suffering . greatly. - "You have done well, Emory." "Yes, sir, indeed he has, and hut for his coming I do not think the scouts would ever have got back, sir, we had run out of food, had lost our box of matches, and were weii-night starved and frozen, sir, while 1 had five wounded men on my hands, and Surgeon Powell and the lieu< :nant saved us," said Nick Norcross, earnestly. "Tell me all that occurred, Norcross," the colonel said, in a kind and sympa thetic tone; and Nick Norcross, dashing a tear from his eyes, said: "We've lost the chief, sir, and that gallant young lieutenant — two as brave men as ever shot a gun. You see, colonel, tlie Iniun trails divided, and letting me go on with the scouts — I had twenty men, sir — the chief, the lieutenant, and five men went on one trail. What hap pened, sir, Heaven only knows, for i\hen the trails joined again up in the moun tains, as we knew they would. I came out right on the retreating Indians, but the chief's party was not there follow ing them. "We went back over the trail, sir. and came to where there had been red-hot work. We found the bodies of two of the scouts, dead horses, ponies, and knew that dead In juns had been counted off; hut that was ail. I left a small camp there, sir, sent word to you, and pushed on. 1 came up with the red-skins, and ran the whole outfit away from their fires, for we made them believe the whole army was upon "A few stood and fought us. and we lost two hoys killed and five wounded, one dying afterwards; hut we wouid not retreat, and the reds did, and we stayed in their camp that night. The next day I retreated, sir, and, thank God, Lieu tenant Emory was hot on my trail, or we wouldn't he here now, sir. That's the story, colonel, and the chief and those with -him.save the two dead bodies, were not found, and winter is on us now, and nothing can he done to save them. CHAPTER XXXVI.— THE MYSTE RIOUS HORSEMAN. The return of the rescue party with out Lieutenant Seaford and Cody gave all at the fort an attack of blues. There were not two more popular men in the army than Seaford and the chief of scouts, and not only was dread felt ltv on p and nil that thev had been killed. hut also that they had been captured; for that was even worse than death, for it was well-known how the Indians would delight in torturing their prisoners after their terribly unfortunate attack and overwhelming defeat. So, with another storm upon them, all in the fort saw night come on with grief in their hearts, and the missing ones were talked of around every fireplace that night in the little cabin homes. Tke three scouts who had sc-emed to share the fate of Cody and the young officers — for their bodies liad not been found— were good men and true, and they had warm friends among their comrades. -The winds that night seemed to howl more mournfully than ever, and the pines sighed dismally, all nature seem ing to sound a requiem for the lost ones. But in sirite of tile storm, the cold, the sweeping' winds and driving snow, there was an alarm from the main gate of the stockade. It was midnight, and the sc-ntry there, though not looking for an attack, was one who always kept wide awake upon his post of duty. In fact, he had not had time to go to sleep if he had wished to, as the chief guard had just gone the rounds and left him there. He looked out over the fields of snow, rubbed his eyes, and looked again. Then he shaded his eyes, stepped out of the sentry-box that protected him. and looked long and earnestly. He pinched himself to make sure that he was not dreaming, and then loud and wildly rang out his cry of alarm: "Corporal of the guard! Post Number One! It's a ghost! It's a ghost!" What he saw was a white horse and a rider enveloped in a snowy mantle that looked like a shroud. In that weird light that is always seen in a snowstorm at night he distinctly saw tne norse ana riaer. l ne pnantom- like horseman was almost beneath him and coming directly towards the gate way. At the cry of the sentry the horse bad hounded forward, the horseman had waved his arms and ridden straight to the gate, halted an instant, and, wheel ing. had dashed away. The startled guard had come at a rush for Post Num ber One, and the sentinel, brave hut superstitious, had reported what he had seen. "Why did you not fire at him, j-ou stupid fool?" asked the officer of the day. who. had run out of the guard-house without his storm-coat in his alarm. "No, sir. I'd never fire on the like of a ghost, sir. I couldn't do that, sir- never!" The officer turned away, called for a lantern, and, descending from the look- out near the gate, went, to the stockade wall and passed through a narrow door in it . „ His lantern revealed the tracks of a horse in the deep snow, and so recently made that they were perfectly fresh. They led directly to the gate, and there turned and retraced their way- Wheeling his lantern about, the officer's keen eye fell upon a white spot upon the gate. At first he supposed it was a drift of snow resting there, but a second look showed him that it was a piece of paper. It was fastened to the gate by a pen knife, the blade driven through it into the wood. Instantly the officer removed the paper, and, passing into the fort again, returned to the guard-house and examined what he had found. It was a sealed envelope and addressed to Colonel Ferris-. At once the officer started with his discovery to Colonel Ferris's quarters, after sending a sergeant on the rounds to see that every sentinel was on the watch, for he did not know what might follow this mysterious visit of the ghostly- looking horseman. CHAPTER XXXVII.— NEWS FROM THE MOUNTAINS., Colonel Ferris was just about to re tire when Captain Lennox, the officer of the day, was announced. - -The colonel had him admitted at once, and the captain said: 11 13 jl linn 11UUI lu UISLUIJ1 JUU, Bil, but 1 consider it best under the circum stances." "No apologies, Captain Lennox, hut sit down. I am aiways willing to be dis turbed where duty is concerned." "Here is a letter, sir, I took from the stockade gaie, and it was pinned there with this penknife. You see, sir, the envelope is addressed to you, and the messenger frightened the sentinel, so he did not even challenge him." The colonel tore open the envelope, read what was written there, and said: "Tell me, Captain Lennox, exactly how you got this communication, please." . The captain at once told the circum stances of the ghostly visitor leaving it, and the colonel said: "I will read it to you." YVIiqI1 Iiq l'ourl Ti-n c oc fnll/itrc _ "To Colonel Frank Ferris, Commanding Barrier Post. "Sir, — I desire to make known to you that Colonel Cody, an officer of cavalry, and three scouts are now prisoners in the Indian village of Red Lightning, the most cruel of chiefs. "Renegades among the Indians are urging the chief to put them to death, but for some mysterious reason he spares them, and other influences are at work to save them.. "They are held securely, hut are not made to suffer, hut what the outcome will be no one can tell. "To attempt their rescue with a force would he madness, so other means will be resorted to, though it will he perhaps long before anything can he done. "The Indians suffered fearfully in their attack on you, losing hundreds of horses and ponies, and they are in a very ugly iiiuou, auu even in u. s winier niii.i at tempt lo surprise you. "The Midnighters are snowed for the present, hut will be dangerous to the stages whenever a thaw permits them to run. "Surgeon Powell knows the retreat of the Midnighters, and if the weather per mits, a dash to their stronghold might catch them napping, for they did not desert it except to avoid the force they were sure Cody would lead upon them. "There is a mystery in the mountains in connection with the Gunnison party's fate which next spring will he cleared ui. "Do not fail to keep on the watch for a surprise from the Indians at the post, tlie camps, and settlements, and let the they are able to run their coaches. "In conclusion let mo urge that you make it a profound secret that the news given you from the mountains comes from "THE GHOST OF THE HAUNTED FORT." "Well, that is news! And my infor mant is a self-confessed ghost! But what do you think of all this, Captain Lennox?" asked Colonel Ferris, when he had finished reading the letter. "I hardly know what to say, sir; but I should do as he asks, whoever he is.." "I certainly shall, and you need not speak of this strange letter." "No. sir; hut it is good news to feel that Seaford, Cody, and his men have not been put to death." "It is, indeed; and Heaven grant they may not be. But this influence work ing in their favor must he the writer of this letter." "I should think so, sir," "Yes; but who can he be that roves about the mountains as he does? One would almost think he really was a of weather." "It is remarkable, sir." "And he hints of tlie mystery being solved as to what fate poor Gunnison and his men met with, and also of the Haunted ForU" "I do not know how to take it all, sir; hut his advice is worth heeding." "It is indeed;" and as the captain left to return to his post of duty, the colonel sat for a long time meditating over the strange letter he had received. CHAPTER XXXVIII— A TELL-TALE KNIFE. Ethel Willis, the colonel's niece, was aware that her uncle had been disturbed in the night, hut as he said nothing to her at breakfast about it, after his morning- duties were over she sauntered into his quarters, and said » "fa anything going wrong, uncle, for yo.u were called; up last night ?" "No, I had not betlredj my dear; and nothing is wrohg; only this storm keeps up, and_ the cattle muBt-feuffgr if it does not soon end, for we have not proven der sufficient to last half through the winter at this rate.'.' "Such storms are an exception, the old scouts tel! me; for they say the win ters here are generally open, with little snow." "Yes, so I have been told, Ethel; and settlers, miners, and Indians 'must suf fer greatly, for I know that we are hav ing our share of misery." "Uncle, where did you get this odd penltnife?" suddenly asked Ethel, taking from her uncle's tahle a knife with what appeared to be a solid silver handle. "Ah, that knife! I do not recognise it. One some officer has left here this morning, I fancy." "It is evidently home-made, the silver taken from the mines, and the blades made from another knite. Oh, there is a name upon it." And turning it over Ethel read : "Why, it is the name of the young ranchero who is missing — Burt Brax ton."" The colonel quickly rose, and taking the knife, looked at it searching! y. Then he said : "Yes, I know how where it came from. I put it there last night, and had forgot ten It." "Do you see tne name upon it, uncier "Yes, and it is that of the handsome young ranchero who so mysteriously disappeared with one of his cowboys some months ago." "How did you get it, uncle?" "Ethel, can you keep a secret?" "Just try me, uncle." "I have often tried you and found that you are a contradiction to the assertion that one of your sex cannot keep a se cret, for I remember important secrets that you have well kept." "And can again," said Ethel, with smile. "Then I will tell you one, and which only one person in the fort yet knows besides myself." Tlie colonel then told of the weird midnight visitor, and unlocking his desk, read the mysterious letter. Ethel lis- tened patiently, and then asked: "And this letter was pinned upon the outside of the gate?" "Yes, for the man risked his life at tlie hands of the sentry to ride up and place it there." "Willi this knife?" "Yes. Lennox brought it to me and told me that the knife was driven ihruugh . the envelope into the wood." "That would indicate that the ranchei is the Ghost of the Mountains, sir." "It would seem so. But why he is masquerading as sucli I cannot under stand." "His reasons are good onc-s, doubtless." "Why so, Ethel?" "Well, the ghost rescued Cody from the outlaws; lie guided the command, when astray in the storm to the Mid nighters' retreat, where they found shel ter, if not the lawless hand; he gave warning of the attack of the Indians, and now Informs you of the capture of the scout and those with him, and that there is a mysterious person that save3 them. He surely has done good ser vice, uncle." "He lias, indeed, Ethel; only I cannot understand why this man Braxton, if he it. is. should go about it in this weird way of playing ghost." "Perhaps he can he far more useful as a pretended spirit than as himself; for men are very superstitious, uncle, espe cially lawless men." "Very true, Ethel. You argue well." "But, uncle, where the knife would in dicate that it was Mr Braxton who plays ghost and .left this letter, the writing is that of a woman." The colonel seized the letter, and glanc- ing at it, said; "You are right, Ethel, and are a close observer; for I had not noticed that. Yes; it is a woman's writing, or the man writes most effeminaitely." "Mr Braxton, when last here, gave the post trader an order for a large hill of supplies, 1 heard you say, sir; so the wilting of his can be compared with this." The colonel wrote a note to the trader, sent it by the orderly, and in a short while he returned, bearing a slip of paper, upon which was written in a. bold, legible hand a list of articles which the trader had supplied the young rancher wiih. "He says, sir, that the young gentle man wrote the list himself at his desk, sir," said tlie orderly, as he saluted and left the room. "Uncle, these two are wholly different in handwriting, and one is written by a woman, while the penknife would indi cate that it is Mr Braxton who is mas querading as the Ghost of the Moun tains," said Ethel Willis, impressively. ihp mvsfFrv rmlv Hppnp,nS." Colonel Ferris responded. CHAPTER XXXIX.— THE LIEUTE NANT'S MISSION. Colonel Ferris felt better after having made known to his niece the secret of the visit of the Ghost of the Haunted Fort to the outpost at midnight in the terrible blizzard. "I think I'll have to make you a mem ber of my military, staff, Ethel, as secret adviser," the colonel said, in a tone of half- earnestness. "All right, uncle. A woman's head is sometimes good in a council 'even of sol diers, though it is in fact the head of a young girl. But I confess I am most deeply interested In this mysterious being known as the Ghost of the Moun tains, and I am anxious to see the end of the weird mystery." . "I sincerely hope' that we shall do. so before long, Ethel." <And as severalofflcers called in to see the colonel, Ethel took Iter departure. Though wishing to keep the letter from the weird midnight visitor a secret, that was really only from general know ledge incite post, for there were some of j,is officers before whom Colonel Ferris desired to place the matter, and get their views. So the adjutant of the post, with Cap tain Lennox, Surgeon Powell, and half a dozen others, discussed the strange occurrence over the' colonel telling them irnifn hnartner TlilPt Ri'aytnn's aDOUl urc — name, and yet that the letter was not in his handwriting, but a woman's. The result of this conference was that a young officer was despatched with a small posse to make the rounds of the mining camps, settlements and stage stations, to warn all to be constantly ready for another attack of the Indians, In spite of the weather, and to suggest that they keep scouts out to act in con junction with those from the fort. The officer, who was Lieutenant EinoJ'y. had orders to also visit the ranch of Burt Braxton, and learn all about the movements of the young settler prior to his disappearance and why he had left his home; also to discover something about the man who accompanied htm. Armed with these instruction, Lieuten ant Emory, with an escort of a dozen of his men, went off on.his rounds It was on the afternoon of the fourth day of his absence that he returned, and went at once to his colonel's quarters. "Well, Emory, what news have you?" tlie colonel asked, after greeting him pleasantly, and added: "Speak out for Miss "Willis knows what your mission was-" The young officer was very fond of Ethel and was only too glad to make his report before her, that she might see how we!! he had done his duty. So he told how he had visited the vari ous stage stations, settlements and min ing camps, -and having had a lesson from their former experience, they were very willing to follow all instructions coming from the fort, and would be on the watch and keep scouts out, and he added: "They are all most willing to confess, colonel, that but for the warning given them before, and which many regarded as a false alarm, they would have been caught in a perefect surprise, and have suffered greatly. But now as to the ran- chero, sir." "Yes." "1 have found five men on the ranch, taking good care of his cattle and horses, of which he has a considerable number. His- cabin home is most comfortably fitted up ,and all about it reveals the gentleman and man of refinement in spite of this rough frontier. His men are devoted to him, and have an abiding faith that lie will return, though they cannot account for his mysterious dis appearance. The man, Birney, who ac- talk, the black sheep of the flock; but he seemed to have a pull with the ran- chero for some reason. Mr Braxton, they told me, left- with Birney for a hunt in the mountains, to be gone only a few days, and the men say they think he has been snowed in; or, if anything has gone wrong with him, Birney is at the bottom of it, for one of the men positively assert that Buck Birney has been a road agent, if he is not one of the Midnighters' band now, for he was freqeuently known to make long expeditions alone, and never account for them. That, sir, ends the report of my mission." And the lieutenant seemed much pleased at the hearty approval the colonel gave him for wlxat be had done. (To be continued.) The 2nd Battalion of Gordon High landers are now at Aldersltot. and the "Aberdeen Journal" has taken pains to ascertain how it is constituted. Here are tlie nationalities of the non commissioned officers and men: — Scots English.. .. .... 123 IjiEh 15 elsh j Born in colonies .. 2 729 Plainly it is no more "all Scotch" than thai famous flannel flaunted in Parlia ment during the last tariff debate was all wool." 