Central Mission News. Contributions for this page to be forwarded to the Rev. W. G. Taylor, Centenary Hall, York-street, Sydney Mission to the Citizens of Sydney. Contrary to expectation, the Special Mission is. still going on. The strain has been considerable, as we have had meetings daily for nearly a month — sometimes as many as four meetings a day, — but the C.M.M. workers have stood to their guns right nobly ; and the Missioners have been wonderfully aided by the Holy Spirit. In some respects this Mission has differentiated from most others of which we have had experience. Up to the time of writing Onf TTrNDUKn and F.ir.nTv persons have entered the inquiry-rooms as seekers. Most of these are men. Many are remarkable cases. Quite a number of young men have come out boldly as followers of Christ. Many a Christian has received a renewed baptism of the Holy Ghost. At present we have not ' divided the spoils,' but know that quite a number of converts are connected with the sister churches, still the gain to the C.M.M. will be considerable. Our present intention is to close the special effort with the services of next Sunday. It is, however, quite within the region of probability that -we may have to go on a fifth week. We are simply anxious in this to obey what we feel to be the leading of the Divine Spirit. One of the members of the staff 'has supplied us with the following interest ing details of this truly penticostal visitation. Some Typical Mission Cases. She was a thorough An Actress woman of the W°rl-L » Living in the world, she was of the world, and cared for nothing but worldly things and worldly people. Connected from her youth upwards with theatrical life, she spent her, time, talents, and strength for the amusement of the people, and not for God. But one day He spoke to her, and, touching her heart, made her long for a higher and holier life. Coming to Sydney, she sought out one of the sisters, who persuaded her to come to the mission services, and when the invitation was given, L ? was one of the first to stand up and publicly express her desire to find Christ as her Saviour. Her life since has proved her sincerity, and though her voyage so far has been anything but smooth sailing, still, below the currents of present circumstances, past connections, and future uncertainty, there abides in her soul a peace which nothing can disturb. We happen to know that since her conversion she has refused two situa tions, one for £5 per week with an operatic company, and the other for £2 10s per week in one of the hotels of the city. * * 'I have been a pro Out and Out. fessing Christian for years ,' the speaker — a young man — said, ' but my life was an up and down life, full of failure and defeat. During this Mission, however, I have seen my need of some thing higher and better, and last night I made a full surrender and sought and obtained ' the blessing.' Oh ! friends,' he continued, with his face aglow, ' the cane and the cigar have gone, !and everything else that was a hindrance to my spiritual life, and God has filled me, and to-day it has been heaven in my soul. The fellows in the office have seen the difference, and oh ! I would say to all of you, ' Go in for it, and never rest till you get it.' ' Its j wonderful to hear him,' said one who knew this young man ; ' the difference in him is very marked.' And so his testimony was confirmed by others, who could set to their seal that his words were true. ' Years ago in England I Psalm experienced the fulness of Li. 12=13. ^ne Spirit,' said one of the mission workers, in detailing his experience, ' but I got out of harness, and lost this great gift. Coming out to Australia I began Chris tian work, and experienced the presence of the Spirit again, but through a variety of circumstances I again lost hold. But oh f to-night, dear friends,' he continued with his face up to heaven, ' I know the Holy Spirit has come to me — He possesses me, and I am lost in the ocean of His love. And when love comes in, we can work and suffer, and deny our selves ; and we can love others, even the most degraded and the lowest. Glory to God.' Warning others against the possibilities of losing hold, the speaker urged them to be on their guard against three things : (1) re- action, (2) prejudice and (8) arguments. Which last he styled one of the devil's most subtle agencies for getting young men off the track. Rev. \V. G. TAYLOR Rev. D. O'DONNELL Rev. J. WATSFORD Why the Because so many young Angels men were saved and Rejoiced. blessed. Because a mother's two sons and her own brother were brought to Christ. Because one of the Sisters received the biggest blessing of her life. Because all the expenses were met, and no debts were incurred. Because the three Missioners gave all i the glory to Jesus. I Because the Holy Ghost was honoured throughout, and was accepted by many. Because the 'open-airs' were so well attended, and Christ was so faith ! fully preached. j Because the work which was done was founded on ' The Rock,' and will stand the test of Eternity.^ \ ^h\\\;c 8£% \ Aye, and for many another reason that may never be tabulated down here. * * * 1\. The after-meeting in Points worth the committee room on Noting. Tuesday evening week, was not only one of the most blessed of Jthe mission services, but one of the most glorious we had ever been in. 2\. It was a touching and beautiful sight to see the Super, and Mr. O'Don nell with their arms round one another,. as they were both ' half drunk ' with ' new wine.' 3\. The influences of this mission were more wide-reaching than is gene rally supposed, a fact proved by the^ letters which are daily coming, and tbe visitors who frequently call, or stop a worker in the street, to tell of the great help and blessing received. 4\. When Father Watsford and Mr. O'Donnell gripped one another by the hand so fervently, on the last night of the mission, many souls audibly and inaudibly thanked God that ever they had come to Sydney. 5\. The work amongst the children, both at Princes-street and at the Hall, was not the least that was done for eternity during the late services. Some thirty or forty of the lambs of the flock, entered into the fold of the great Shep herd. 6\. It was most helpful and inspiring to hear the Superintendent speak of the personal blessing and help he had re ceived during the mission services. It was also good news to hear that he had deciced to continue the mission for another week, with Father Watsford's help. 7\. Everybody was glad the steamer to New Zealand was delayed, so that Mr. O'Donnell could be present at Wednesday night's meeting, which was. held specially for those who had been, saved and blessed during the mission. At its close everybody sang earnestly and heartily that most ? sacred soDg,. ' Gnd hp wit.h von till \vn mush n.pfl.in.'*' Testimonies ' I received last night by New what I have been seeking Converts for three weeks- * di4 not understand before why people said ? Glory ' and ' Hallelu jah,' but I know now.' ' I came this week into tbe Hall a miserable backslider ; now I know I am. born again, and I mean to serve God more faithfully than ever I did.' ' When I canoe to the colonies from the Continent, I thought the Sydney people were awfully religious. I did not know I had a soul to save. Now I love my God, and I am serving Him.' ' Last Sunday night I entered this place broken-hearted, but I was pointed to the Lamb of God, and now all is well between God and my soul ' ' It is only five months since I found Jesus, but they have been the happiest five months of my life.' 'Acknowledgments ' and ' Notes ' crowded out. 