THF REMINISCENCES_ DF A VETERAN ORGANIST. Tnl following 'article from the Church Review of 23rd December will, we think, prove interesting to'readers of the NEWs, from the fact that theMr. J. G. J Board man whose reminisaciees. form its .sub ject matter is grandfather to the young organist of S. Mary's' ,Church of Eng land, Sunbury;, ?tiss'Boardmtan. The second title of the article is ' The Origin of Attwood's ' Veni, Creator." ~.Thomas Attwood, .whlo, as we all know, was organist of S. Paul's, London, lived between the years 1821 and 1835 at Norwood, where, on Beulah Hill, he had a villa. A short time since I paid this house a visit, and found its external aspect had undergone but little alteration since Attwood's tenancy. ' Now, an ordination was to be held at S. Paul's on Trinity Sunday, 1833, and only on the preceding day had Bishop Blomfield, whose taste in music was good, requEsted Attwood to set the V'ieni, Creator ' to music especially for the solemn occasion. ' It -was Attwood's custom to drive to and from Norwood and S. Paul's in a gig drawii by 'eggý, a steady-going SrrnQs,.i tithrotugh: the then village of Norwood, past S. Luke's (the new church), through Tulse-hill, down Brixton- road, through Kennington turn pike, and so across Blackfriars bridge to the Cathedral. ' Now, at Union Cottage, Cranmer road, North Brixton, lived Master J. G. Boardman, a promising young chor ister under that terribly stern almoner, William HIawes. At that time the eight S. Paul's boys (who, with the ten child ren of the Chapel Royal, lived on the Adelphi Terrace) werecallowed, on Satur day nights, to sleep at their homes, and so it came about that Boardman on Sunday mornings was usually waiting near the cottage where he lived about the time lie knew Attwood would pass. The amiable organist, "who was kindness personified, especially towards young people, would invariably give the young chorister a 'lift' to the Cathedral. On this .particnlar Sunday the gig appeared in sight with its occupant busily engaged in writing, the reins thrown on the back of Peggy, who knew her way to S. Paul's as well as her master did his. It turned out that Attwood was busy putting the finishing touches to the vocal parts of his ' Come, Holy Ghost.' for it was his invariable custom to wirite these out with his own hand whenever his compositions were done at S. Paul's or the Chapel Royal. Placing the completed treble solo in Boardiman's hands, he told him he meant him to sing it at that very morning's service. The young chorister, without any previous rehearsal, did so, and acquitted himself to the complete satisfaction not only of the amiable com poser but also of the Bishop himself. 'The Master J. G. Boardman who 'created' this famous solo afterwards became one of our best knrown London organists, holding appointments success ively at S. Mary Aldermnary (where he played after Sunday imorlning service at S. Paul's durin, his chorister days) ; Carlisle Episcopal Chapel ; All Saints', Upper Norwood ; Clapham Grammar School Clhapcl (1845 to 1877, during Dr. Pritchard's famnous head- ma.t.-rship); S. ,J',hn's, Claphiam-rise, S. ,Joirn's, Angell-town, Iirixton ; and S. Mark:'s. Kenlliniglon. From the last-naimed he retired with a p)nsion only three years ago, after holdingthe appointment fo: 32 years. He was ioft-n to, he heard at the Crystal Palace as deputy to Mr. James Coward. 'The above facts were conmmunri'ated to the present writer by Mr. Boardman himself during a recent two hours' pleasant chat in his comfortable study at Clapham, where he:is now living in peaceful and well-earned rctirement, with a mind well stored with many pleassa't reminiscences, after more than sixty years' good,. hard, sclid work and actire duty.' . 