THE LITERARY ASSOCIATION. THE lait weekly meeting of tho Broken Hill Literary Association waü devoted to reading thc society's magazine, " Tho Mirror." Tho contents comprised five articles and a frag- ment of poetry, " To the Sturt Pea." One contribution, entitled "A True Ghost Story," related how the writer snw his first " ghost" when camping out on tho plains of the Barrier many years ago. A shepherd was buried near the camp, nnd at night what appeared to the writer to bo a fire was burn- ing near the grave, and tho lower part of a man's body could be seen distinctly through thc flames. Tho members refused to take the stot y seriously. Vague remarks of " whiskey" and " D. Ts." were made. The paper that excited most discussson dealt with the agita- tion to alter the name " English" to " British." The writer claimed that the custom of cen- turies should not bc changed merely for the purpose of satisfying " a few Scots." This roused the ire of thc Scots, and, rallying their forces, they made a desperate attack on tho writer ¿ and completely overwhelmed him .with facts and arguments ; but when thc dis- cussion ended the word was still " English." The poetical fragment, which on the whole members thought very well of, ran Thou bringest to my mimi Deep musings, little (lower ; Companion of tho wind, The desert's dower. To earth thy head is bent, A> tho' ta hide thy rays ; Thy blushes were not meant For mortal gaze. My thoughts by thee begnlled Can grasp the lore and might That in a barren wild Brought thee to light. Thy beauty could not hide. For he who found theo there Did plnck tliec for his bride lils name to share. Thon hardy, brilliant flower. That need'st no sheltered bed, Xor cradling In fair bower To rear thy head. In hearts a place nbovo All Howers is given to thee, Thuu brightness of Cod's love Radiant Sturt Pea. The "solid" article was entitled " The Advan- tages of Science," wherein tho writer, in n carefully-prepared paper, pleaded for the study of science in order to increase thc joy of existence. The other two papers were en- titled "Heroism" and "Cycling Experiences." Thc farmer, while acknowledging the heroism of the battlefield, maintained that there were many more heroic deeds performed in every-, day life. The latter.was a description of cycling experiences of the writer octween Broken Hill and Cockburn. Tho meeting, which was largely attended, was presided over by Mr. G. Eaton. ' Mould is a Fungus.-It is a product of fermentation.. Fermentation is produced by the growth of germs called bacteria. The air is full of these germs. The safest of all agents for the destruction of disease germs is Fnnld ing's Eucalyptus Oil. As an antiseptic it is four-times the strength of carbolic acid. Fauldlng's Extract of Eucalyptus is thc finest preparation;for internalize.* ~. . Bines, Cartridges, icc Prest and Hocking.* Winter slippers, cheap, at Hart's.* 