ENGLISH CRICKETERS RETURN MATCH AGAINST NEW SOUTH WALES. AN EXTRAORDINARY GAME. A FIRST-CLASS RECORD PASSED. THE BAT BEATS THE BALL. SENSATIONAL HITTING BY HOWELL. GREAT BATTING BY THE ENGLISHMEN. ONE WICKET FOR 233. MACLAREN, 135, NOT OUT. Given a continuance of fin© weather, the pre sent return match between the Englishmen and New South "Wales promises to be ono of the matches of the century. Already, tho world's record aggregate for a first- ciass engagement uas Deen neaten oy iuw handsome margiu of 120 runs, and there are still nine wickets to fall, and two of them aro the wickets of MacLaren and Kanjitslnhji. In December, 1894, in tbe first test matcb of the season, played on the Sydney Cricket Ground, tho total number of runs scored was 1014; but 1634 havo been made ao far in this fixture. This is not the only record appertaining to tho game. The 574 of New South Wales is the highest total ever achieved by a single colony against a team of English cricketers, uud it surpasses by one run tbe 573 put up by tbe Aus tralians in tbe test match at Adeluide lust mouth. It is second only to the 5S6 complied by tbo Australians in tbe test match, referred to above, of three seasons ago. Furthermore, Gre gory's 171 is the highest individual score for this colony against English visitors, and How ell's 95 in about au hour is the most rapid piece of scoring ever seen on the Sydney Cricket Grcuud, and probably In Australia. But it can not compete with the 300 in 40 minutes of Jessop. for Gloucestershire, a year or so ago; and the rate of scoring has been approached, if not equalled, in England, by Druce, wbo mado 108 in the earlier stages of tbe match now in progress. Howell's batting, however, is de scribed by Bannerman and one or two of tbo Englishmen as the fastest scoring they have ever seen. Another remarkable feature of the game was Hearne's bowling, on a perfect wicket, be fore luncheon tiino on Wednesday. Yesterday, too, although the light was bad and the air thick with smoke from bush iire3, 3S0 runs were scored for the loss or three wickets, two of which were tall end wickets. The pity of it is tbat these performances have been witnessed by such miserable attendances, and yesterday thero were not three thousand people on tho ground. It was the loss of those who stayed away. At the time of writing, rain Is failing lightly; but it there is not much oC it to come there ought to he no lack of spec tators to-day. The Englishmen aro making a grand uphill fight of it, and of tho 603 set them to win, they have scored 25S for tho loss of a Wicket that up to lately has not been considered valuable. Therefore, with nine wickets to fall, they require but 345 runs, aud with the pilch lasting well, in spite of a spot at the sou thern end, it Is still anybody's game. In the event of the visitors pulling it off, yet another record will be established, and the Englishmen will by the strength of their batting bave compensated for their weakness of bowling. It is only fair to remember, however, that they have been handi capped terribly by the absence of both of their fast bowlers. Not that Richardson and Hirst have been capturing hosts of wickets, but, by the influence of contrast, they have assisted the averages of the slower bowlers. The innings of yesterday was, with all respect to Howell, that of MacLaren, who went In directly after lunch, and, staying till the drawing of stumps, carried out his bat for 335, made in a »liran llnll.fic Thf» (if Hlf> nfiffortll ance is enlianced by tlio fact that he was suffering severely from a strained and swollen ankle, and from some weakness consequent on his recent indisposition. As recorded below, he hit 20 fours and a five, and save Just a ghost of a clianee when liis total was 124. Ills success or. the Syd ney Cricket Ground tills season has been extraor dinary. His scores bave been 140 and 100, against New South Wales; 109 and 50 not out, against Australia; 51 and 135 not out, against New South Wales. This gives ail aggregate of 595, and an average of 148.5. This is even better than Ran- jltsinbjt's aggregate of 3S4, and average of 95, for the same number of innings. And these are tlie two batsmen who will resume to-day. 