THE LIGHT THAT CAST NOi SHADOW. C oasops stories re told about the pwers .esed by 'cerain natives of Ind who li e up among the Himalaya mountin.. 7hese old, len, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothiiig about. Lately-a German professor visited the "adepts," s these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out .the secret of their remarkable perfor mances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein-the books were kept. The place-was dark as the bottom.of a well. "I can't see to read, here," said the visitor, "' Then we will have some light.' was the reply, and immediately' (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came. hut he noticed that it had one strange quality-"it cast not the slightest shadow." "This is a story hard to believe, yet the truth'is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except:that all the lights "you" haveseen have castshiadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbhohdrth qu~k~e yet credited the tale of .the, Cock Lane ghost. ' :..` - ... A -man who has been ill for years and failed tofind a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believei will make him well.- What el'e but doubt could result from his experience? Take an examnle:- - "in the spring of 1888," writes our corres pondent, "I fell intoalow,weak, and languid state. -~I felt low-spirited and out. of sorts. At first my stomach was~deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled witn wind, and frequently spat up a pour fluid, also bitter bile. Later.on I saffered from nervousnes and great .depres sion of spirits. I kept on with my work, iut had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for Iwo years, nothing that I ook relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I foutd relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at fiit to feel any confidence in this medicine.. never having nued'it or seen it used, I now gladly ado?it its, value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which. I. thank Mother Beigel's Curative $yrup, I hare been in the baet of health and spirits. In the interests of sfeering humanity I deem it a duty to send yon this testimony. (Signed) D. GribBtas, tailor and outfitter, 151, tockley Hsll, Birmingham. Jrne 8th. 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Grifith's candid letter and the story' slwnt the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be vrified without more trouble than it is wogsb. . On the other hand we have a trustworthy witnes, who will answer letters of inquiry, sad can be found at his address. Finatly, there is nothing Oastic ormagieal about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that mtet ailments are bet -yimptoma.- forms or- phass of -that universal dese-e-Judieestihnand dyspq;si; it cares that; and throu the light of bealth and happinest over.hearths and hoes where illsem and pain had cast such dark and terrifsing hadows. And that is why people believe ., tht is told of its saucess I eagqr witoss.- ý'; 