?''?'? ;??? ??'?''?? opiv vows. ???'''' ' '*??- The rmnals of ohivalry abouud in records of? ' vows more or less ?: romantic or absurd. For) instance, Queen Joan of Naples,- at a grand 1 feu.st at her custlo of Gafta, honoured thei 8 Knight Galenzzo of .Mantua by opening the balll | with him. When the dance was finished the* 4 grateful knight kneeled down before his royai). -| partner,- aud to fitly express his acknowlerig-1 ij mont of the honour he- hnd received, he took ty I solemn vo'w to wander through' the world, visit* a iug every country where teats of arms wero igj performed, and not rest until he had snbdueiil $ two valiant knights^ and piesented them asl | prisoners at his Queen's footstool, to be disposeut } of at her royal pleasure. Thodoughty warrior* k after a year spent in wandering all over Europe, I returned aud brought his- two prisoners to tha | Queen. She took tho gift very gracefully', \ anil, the admiring' historian tells. us, declined} Jj her right to impo.10 rigorous conditions on bee 'i captives.arid gavo them liberty without ransom. fj Whether they properly punished SirGaleazzo $ for his interference 'with their personal rights. *? we are not told. ' \ Some regard a vow'as a restraining bond of a. | very elastic character, especially when it inter- f feres with thoir desires. Benedick, whe.ii. hei . found his vow of colibacy too great.a strain, 1 upon him iu the presence of his Beatrice's) i charms', disposes of it fearlessly and finally with. ^ the plea : ' When I said I would die a bachelor * I did not think I should live till . I were ?! married.'' . { Often we have the.letter of the vow evader! -j with some special reasoning, and the spirit. then; - broken with impunity. , For instance, a modern Jg Rip Van- Winkle vowed that he would nsror ^ drink another drop of liquor as long as hu hud. iM hair ou his head. ; A few hours later ho was uieti M coming out of a bather's shop with a shaven, fifi poii.; J Damssls in love often make strange vowb. m We all remember the case of poor Miss Harris- i|l ham, in Dickens's story, who was so overcome- i by her lover's failure to appear at the-weudiuR I that she ordered everything in the house to bft J unchanged as it hud been placed on that hap- -' less day. Years went by, and the wedding: I tear.t remained set on. the table, thu rich cukes S mouldered and were eaten by tho mice, while g the poor, half-dcmcnted liuly flitted in and out J of tho deserted rooms of the housu like a ghost, | always wearing the white dress and veil which I she had put on to welcome tho faithless lover | who never came. ' ' J A similar ease to this -was that of a lady of i high rank in England, who, being jiited by § her lover, went to bed and vowed she would. S never get up again, and kept her word for 2G | years. A less excusable ease than this was | that of a man who, finding that his wife was i disposed to demand too much hard work from | him, took to bis bed aud stayed there. ' For 22 i years this worthies:! fellow stayed between thu | sheets, whilo his wife waited on him and fed j him with puisistent devotion. j Vows of pi-i pi-tii.il silence are numerous, the ? only trouble being that those who need this . vow must do not take it. A iviiss Caraliue, in 1840, vowed that she would never speak another * word to uuy liumun . being, because she hail a j quarrel with her lover. For 35 years, until ' the day of her death, she was never known to utter a vsord. j Somo years ago three sisters lived together. Two of the 11 quarrelled and vowed never to spe.ik tn 1 ach other ugaiii They (lid not speak for over 20 years, when one of them died, tho other refusing to speak to her even on her death-bed. Mother (sternly) : Why did you tell that i lie to the teacher ? Johnny : To sive some- | body from punishment. Mother (mollified) :-I / knew there must be some extenuating circum- f stances. Who was it yon wished to suve fiom | punishment ? Johnny : Myelf, mother. . °f\nted in New South Wain 