The Minister's Ghost Story, I V Good-night, bairns! M'lvor, see ' I that they a' gang to bed at a reasonable | lionr, and dinna sit up late;yessel'. The I morn's the Fast Day, mind, and ye've to 1 preach." I With these words the Rev. Dugald I M'Kinnon toolc his- fa mile, and beamed I round oil the company. . 1 " Good - night. sir ! Good - night, I father!" they responded, with much I deference. " No, we won't stay up , I late.". % The door closed, and the old gentle | man's footsteps were heard ascending II the stairs. . . . I " Xow, Mr. M'lvor," said' one of the girls. eagerly, " remember your pro mise." " Certainly. Mi'ss .Tanot" answered the gentleman, rising with much gravity. " T intend:to sit. a few minutes later my self. but I promised to see the rest of you off. I am glad," he continued, pro ceeding to light the candles,.." that Miss .Tanet should be the one: to call' me to a sense of " "Fiddlesticks," said .Tanet, a tall. | bright-faced girl in a "'dress iof soft I crimson, which suited her adimirably. She was sitting on • a-low. stool before | the fire, 'trying to shield, /her;' flushed cheeks from the ■ blaze, ■nflfj-i ia huj^ crimson Japanese fan. .. y.Pon't\,.tie'a humbug, Mr. M'lvor.; .you know what I moan—that ghost story,yoii promised ito tell us." "Do tell it, Mr. M'lvor !" ' " I'd rather hear aboxit; pirates," said Bobby M'Kinnon', a schoolboy of 12. " Ghosts are such awful rot." "Then you.can go to bed,!"retorted .Tanet. ■ . " I'll do nothing of the kind," said Bobby, much insulted. '.' Go to bed yourself." ; " You may remain if you behave your self." said .Tanet, surveying hirh calmly. "Mr! M'lvor. I shan't leavq the room until yon have told that Story.". "Is it the will of the company, that their young blood be frozen and curdled in darkness ? It is a real ghost, remem ber." ■ - ' "How delicious," murmured one :of the girls. 1 " ; "Very well. Don't blame me if you can't sleep to-night." v • . : ■ ^ He extinguished the lamp as he spoke, ami resumed his seat. The?firelight played on his dark face, and he looked with his spare form, thin, keen features, and great hollow eyes like aJ Romish; priest worn out with fasting.,: ajnl penance. There was a pause, during which the company sat silent arid expectant, and the young minister gazed at the Are as If fascinated-by something he saw there: At last he drew a long breath. "You know what second sight is," he I began, turning his melancholy: eyes' on | .Toey Keith. the girl wlio thought real: | ghosts delicious. ' ' ' | She shuddered slightly. ; : | " T possess that doubtful gift,": lie;;went ' on in a quiet, serious voice. • Ajipari ■ tione, ghostly coffins, shadows-;i.of funerals—all these things I .hare :seen, often, in my own parish. Many\'tlmes £ I have heard the tapping of .haiiliief'S and sawing of wood in the'carpenter's shop after his day's work = was'2done;-: ; tolling that death was comingj: >TJj?ee, > before a death the-soxni$s,vave; heard—It never fails." -. 1 ,'<* The speaker paused, and his audience :-i shivered and sat a little closer. S "It is' just a year since I went to I preach for Alexander oil! Barnstrae. Tlinre is nothing at all suggestive of:;the supernatural , about either him .or his wife, but the manse was big and.eerie, full of draughty : corridflrs.: arid wide staircases. It had been an old mansion, and there was a story connecfed 'witli it, Alexander said, but lie would not'tell: it that night. We sat talking overjold college days, he and T, ;iintil long past midnight. Then we lit our -candies,: SI nnrt Alexander led the way to my' robni. i should have had difficulty in finding d tno way myself, for it was up' a-;wide t roase and along ¥ "corridor, .with.-a nbeivof doors on either side.i i,i; trod 01 ;ly, fearing to disturb the household, nut Alexander assured me'thef caution ? unnecessary. T was alone in • that d wart of the house. I am not afnervous d man, but. T should have'preferre'd^one .or >:si two neighbours. My room wa^.at the II very- end of the corridor—a pfteerhir 1 apartment by day, wlien the sriw-sliorie 1 1n, but at that hour, with the moonlight 1 (lasting strange shadows on ^everything, 1 It was eerie. I; I "I said good-night to my host, and | retired to my rest when I had convinced I myself that a certain suspicious-looking I «hadow on the lawn was caused by a $ tree. I was not at all sleepyteo. after 7a a time I sat. up; lit the candle tliht stood a small, table by the bedsijcle. and nogan to look over my sermon. 4 Then. X I selected the Psalms to be sting, jtnd.hful 1 1 I: fixed on three, when:I felt hi sudden I" nish of cold air; and looked ;'itp.-" 'As | surely as I am sitting here-rasnstireiy as I. you are listening " . -jjJ ; t j Tmi M-'Ivor raised "his -hai^.. jilfnpres slvely and looked round , witji light In Ills ey«^; „ "^beUtioc®., opened slowly, and a1 woman ifilfled In." (, Joey Keith shrieked and-hid liei" face, j on .Ta net's. shoulder.. " T. tfronqlit-T^had ' locked Ihe door; hut1 evidently: I was :? mistaken, and I noneliuled that,tills was: one of the maids walking "in. fiejr sleep.: T lay back on my pillows tind','watched the intruder, liardl.v daring th breathe lest she should turn and see me," for the ji thought of her suddenly waking- and f finding herself in my room was era barrassing. Then in a moment' the i truth flashed upon me, for in the elear moonlight I saw her plainly. T had drawn up the blind ; and while my bed ij was In shadow, by the window it was almost as light as day. This was 110 ■r servant. Her long, beautiful hair was i unbound, rippling in golden waves % below her waist. Her dress was loose ^ and flowing, of some shimmering white ■ stuff—it minded me of 'White, samite, mystic, wonderful.' Once she turned I tier face towards me—a beautiful face. J but pale and drawn with anguish, and J the eyes wide with horror. I tried to move or speak, but limbs and tongue were paralysed. She moaned piteously ■: and wrung her hands ; then, to my I horror, glided to the window and threw / It open with a terrible cry. There was an answering cry—the wailing of a little : child outside. The woman threw out 1 her arms with a despairing gesture, and ■ 4 the loose sleeves fell back, disclosing their exquisite shapeliness. She would liave flung herself from the window, but wus held back—the horror of 11—by a ; hand, I saw it distinctly, and a J shadowy arm, nothing else. I think I 1 realised then something of what Bel J shazzar-must have felt when he saw the j fingers that wrote—mene, tekel, up j harsin : 1 " Then the moon went under a cloud" :j —and Ian'e voice sunk to a . whisper— "1 saw that iny candle was burning with'ft blue fin 1110. My hair tilood on end. I would have given all T possessed to find myself 111 the study downstairs, but I couicl neither move hand nor foot, and If I could, who knows what I might liave seen in thai long corridor. Those empty rooms—I dared not pass them ! I lay back helplessly watching that tragedy of bygone days. "There was another awful evy. and again there came the pitiful wailing from outside, fainter than before, and dying away in I he distance. To this day, when I read .of Rachel mourning for her children, J,ha t cry rings in my ears. There seemed to be a struggle, the window was forcibly closed, the woman sank on the tloor with hands clasped and the beautiful face upturned in agony. Then the moon shone out. and slowly the vision faded." There was a long silence when Tan had finished speaking. Then Janet spoke. " Who was tslie ? What was her story, Mr. M'Tver ?" " Alexander told me the story next day. Margaret Elliot of Bamstrae, a beautiful and high-spirited girl, fell in love with and secretly married her brother's tutor. When the marriage was discovered lie was in Edinburgh preparing a home for liis wife, and on his return there was a terrible seene. for Mrs. Elliot was another Lady Astf-' ton. She told him that his wife had been sent to a French convent, and the poor fellow, mad with grief, went, abroad in search of her. It was a false hood, of course. Margaret nevfer left, her mother's house, alive'. Her little, child was taken away one ' night), and Margaret in despair tried': to' throw herself from the window of that very room I slept in. She died soon after of a broken heart, it all hap-.: : pened long ago—last century, I believe.": "Poor girl," said .Toey, softly. . " I liked ■ .that bit about tlie candle, burning blue,": said. .Timet pensively •; " it made mo creep." " I should like to see a ghost," said-' Bobby. "Husli!" said Ivor,'-holding up • a warning hand.' " Wliat Is that. ?";.. Pit-pat, pit-pat, came .the sound of soft footsteps on-.the. stair. The girls I looked at • each other fearfully, and I BblVby' turned very pale. ■ Ian grasped ! the .poker with one -hand and threw (Ills other.arm protectingly round .Tanet. Pit-pat, pit-pat. It was coming nearer. Bang I ' -' ' Joey screamed, and fell fainting In Ian's arms. He rose, gently deposited lier.on, the coucli, and opened the door. Something flew past with a. wild- cry. Bobby howled, thinking hie hour was come. i "Who - Is that?" I'an demanded,' sternly. ■ ' ;" " M'Tvor, Is:that you ?" said a quaver ing voice from-the darkness. • "Ange3s and ministers of grace de fend us-I '.A .liglit, Ian,-, quick !" . ex-: claimed: Ivoiv bending over a-heap at the foot of the stairs. Ian dropped, tlie poker and struck a light, and .fanet followed him; into' the passage. . ■ "J j.. ".Oh •!". slie ejaculated "in, dismay. •• ■ It was the Eev; Dougald ;M'Kirinon;: in nigTitcap and dressing-gown, witli an extinguished taper in one liand, a stick in the other, and a large'japanned tea tray: on: the top of him. - They /helped the old gentleman to his feet, and took him into the room', to recover. ■ " I'm all rlglrt. bairns," lie said, when Jie -'had been■revived witlv a-.mouthful. ;ofosvlii£?l>y. . -.«"iWbntever ibronght-you downstairs, 'fi'tlier ?" asked .Tanet, hovering over hl.m affectionately with the bottle. "?' I heard'voices, my dear, and thought it was burglars. Then, when I got to the foot. '"of ^ the stair I tripped on the. eat and knocked over .the tray." . "The cat! f That accounts for the awful yell," said Ian... "I didn't know whether it was Bobby or tlie ghost." " Where is Bobby ?" said .Tanet, look-. ins1 ronnd.. • " .Toey,. dear. Wake up !.--The ghost, is having . same whisky, and - you had better have some too." ; " Ghostrepeated M'Kinnon. I "wonder ye hayena mair sense, .Tanet. Eli! What's: tti'at? There's- a man •behind the curtain, Mlvor." exclaimed the old gentleman. pointing with great 'excitement to the. crimson damask, wliich appeared to be mueli' agitated. . ' " There is some olio there," replied. Tan, deliberately rising and going to the. window. There was a howl from behind the curtain as he proceeded to unmask Hie ruffian. . . ' Tt was the.Va'llant. Bobby, cvouclVod' •in~a. cornen with lite fingers hr<his earn. " Bobby ! What d'ye mean by sic like .ca.iitrips .?"• v demanded -liis : fatlier, in dignantly. Bobby exclaimed with a scarlet coun tenance that he thought it was one .of: Mr. M'Tvor's cofflns, and: that ho felt a. natural reluctance to occupy it pre maturely. '■ " Coffins ! The Saddles dreaming'," .said the old (gentleman. scandalised. " Wli a t way: a re y e no, in bed. • B o.bby - ?" " I congratulate you on the success 'of ydur story. Mr. M'lvoi " said Janet. ■" YriuHliiave frightened- everybody 'into flW . ''.I 'wonder- at -ye,- M'lvor, and the ;mbrn:lilie Fastpfty." said the old minis ter, in a tone of mild reproach. ; " They would 'have it. sir," said Tan, - apologetically. - ■ '• ".Never ■ nvinfl.- father." : |.said Timet, spucil#. " vye'll. do penance to-morrow—.. ' We'll all go^.twice to .-church."; • " Ye've mucklle need." was1. the >dr.v. \- response'.'Ivor, light, the- candles~i, T'll see' ye ai' oot this time." •'*- Iftii; obeyed, "and the procession formed aud filed out of.'the room, headed by the old gentleman and Bobby—the latter much .subdued., "We only want surplices to look like a procession of priests and acolytes.", scild .Tanet, laughingly. -. Don't,, you feel like one, Ian.?" . .. . "Not I," he replied, ■proraptlyv/; "I'l wouldn't be a Roman Catholic pi-lest under existing circumstances''—lie looked at Janet—" for any considera tion." s ■ ' Tanet turned round impatiently. " Come along, .Toey, it's time you were in bed with that white face. 'Mr. M'lvor, I- hope we .shan't dream of the golden-haired Margaret." " I hope not, Miss .Tanet," he replied, with a smile. " Good-night, Mies .Toey" —then in a lower tone—" the lady of my dreams will not. hare .golden tresses." Tt would have been unreasonable to •[•complain just then of Miss Keith's lack ' of colour. I " Good-night, Mr. M'lvor," she said. . with n sudden, lovely smile. "T shall j never, as long as I live, forget this night, or your story, or " | "Or what, Miss .Toey? No, not till ! you finish your sentence !" for she was ! trying to regain possession of her hand. ' She looked round, half- frightened. 'I'hey were quite alone 011 the landing. " Or you ■!" The words were hardly audible.. " Joey !" But Joey had vanished.—liy .T. Strong, in the "People's Friend." 