christian convention. i PENTECOSTAL CIiraSTIANITY. I ENTHUSIASTIC MEETINGS. I At the first clay's meetings of the United Christ I tlan Convention held in the Centenary-hall, Yorlc- I street, yesterday, the attendances were large, and I the proceedings distinguished by an amount of I fervency which presages well for tho ultimate I success of the gatherings, which aro designed to I bring about a deepening of tho Christian spirit I in tho Churches. I Tho Itev. D. O'Donncll, who is president, will I occupy the chair throughout the convention, and I the duties of secretary will bo carried out jointly, I by tho Hevs. Rainsford Bavin and W. Dill Maclty- I Tho visitors from the other colonies aro the Revs. I John IVatsford and S. C. Kent (Melbourne), and , I A. W. "tt'ebb (Gcclong). I Each day a prayer mooting will bo. held at 7 I o'clock, n Bible reading at 30.30, a meeting for I business men and women at 1.15, a session at 3 I o'clock, and another at 7.30. I These meetings yesterday wcro exceptionally; I well attended. I Biblo readings were given on "Pentecostal I Christianity" by tho Revs. Itaiusford Bavin and ' I W. Dill Macky. I At tho 1.15 meeting the Rev. J. W. Ilolden gavo I an interesting and practical address on "Bap- I tlsra of the Holy Spirit," I The topic to be considered at the convention I is "Pentecostal Christianity." Yesterday tho I aspect of tho subject discussed was "What is it?" I To-day It will be "Our need of it," and on Thurs- I day "How to obtain it." On Thursday ministers I of all denominations will bo invited to tea and to I a conference on the subject which is to form, tho I basis of all the addresses, to be held during tho I interval between the afternoon and tho evening I session. Friday is to be set apart as a special I missionary day. At 7 o'clock in the morning a I communion service will be bebl, communion to 'I be dispensed by the Rev. S. C. Kent. I Tho Rev. John Watsford gavo tho first address I at the afternoon session yesterday on the sub- I jest of "Pentocostal Christianity." If, he said, I they wanted to find out what Pentecostal Chris- . I tianity was, they must look, not to men, to I creeds, or to Churches, but to God's word, and , I especially to tho Acts of the Apostles. "They . were filled with the Holy Ghost;" that was tho I description given of tho men who went out and I spoko burning words for the Master, and turned I uie worm upsiuo uown. in tno om dispensation, tho Spirit worked from without; in the now dis pensation it worked fropi within. And if they, in their time were to do good, they must bo. "filled with tho Holy Ghost." No man must suppose that his heart could contain all tho Holy Ghost, but every man's heart could be filled with tbo Holy Ghost. This glorious stato was not tem porary, but abidlog, and no religion without tho Holy Ghost was Pentecostal Christianity. Tho substantial blessing of Peutecostal Christianity was tho work it did iu the hearts and tho lives of believers. Before a man's heart could bo "filled with tho Iloly Ghost," all forms of self must be thrown out. From tho moment that was done, from the moment a man gavo his lifo to God, his heart would bo "filled with tho Holy Ghost." And to succeed in his work for tho Master, a man must be dlrely in earnest. If they were to have a revived Church, they must havo a revived ministry. That was what ho had been telling the people of Melbourne, nnd also declaring tbat if tboy were "filled with tho IToly Ghost" there would he a great revival in both! Sydney and Melbourne. An address on "What, is Pentecostal Chris tianity?" was also delivered by tbo Rev. W. Dill Macky, Tho evening session was particularly well at tended. Amongst those present, in addition ta thoso whose names havo already been mentioned as being associated with the convention, wero Archdeacon Langley. the Revs. E. Masterman, B. Dnnks, John Dixon, and W. G. Taylor. In continuation of the subject considered in the afternoon, addresses were given by tbo Revs. S# C. Kent and A. W. Webb. A special Jiymn-book has been prepared for thd convention, and a selected choir, under tho con- ductorsbip of Mr. Gilbert, will bo present at tho afternoon and the evening sessions. 