FROM ALL QUARTERS. Four ysaxs ago .a farm seavant, while visiting Hull5 was robbed of his earnings, whioh soalseted of two £5 notes. The uno known thief has just returned to the loser two £5 notes, with an apology for haviog robbed him of them. The directors of the Orystal Palace (London) had a conference with delegates from six London vestries lately regarding the question of recommonding the purchase of the Palace by the notion, the cum asked being £7i*.000. The ex King of Annam, now in his 30th year, whom the French are at preeent keep. tog as a Stats prisoner at Algiers, has some skill in painting, and intends to send a few of his pictures to Paris for exhibition. He is also fond of photography. Here is a curious marriage notion which appeared lately :-"At Greenook, on 14th ost., by special licence, -, evangolist, to Mary, daughter of the late So-and.fo. Baby adopted." The last olauso is a funny va:ia lion of the "No cards" acnouncements. A motor cradle ie the latest domestie in vention. The thing is said to bo a great advance on the hand- rooked article, end can be worked with either electricity or petro lenm. The motion may be accelerated or slackened by simply turning a screw, and one great advantage is that the bcrccau does not cease swinging though the baby may be left in the room alone. There are, of course, doctors who say that a child should not be rooked at all, but few mothers are of the same opinion, and with the majority the motor cradle will no doubt become popular. Maltreatment of the Qaeen's English on labels of foreign origin is not, it need hardly be said, limited to the " pidgin" that is to be found in foreign cigar-boxes. A corres pondent sends an amusing instance that he found in Italy, on a syphon of atrociously fiet local mineral water. The label was placed side by side with a similar, but corrsetly printed, one in French, and ran as follows:--" Distrust yourself of the mineral waters too foaming, since they spread the While some men were levelling the floor of a farmhonee, near Spileby, human remaine were unearthed, together with a gold ring end pieces of old black silk. This discovery, so it is said, was preceded by loud knookings and the appearanoe of a ghost. The bones are thought to hlave been burled 100 years. The alleged superiority of the spootacles fitted with lenses made of baryta glass eeoms to be settled by the investigations of MaM Drueult and Teohcrning, who examined the lenses in the ophthalmological laboratory of the Serbonne, and found them inferior to those of ordinary glass. The index of re fraction is higher, and the differonco of our vature 1s of no practioal advantage. The baryta lenses are not harder, but are slightly more transparent. The Earl of Durham, entertaining a honeu party at Lambton Castle, vieited B3urnmore Oollitery village on his estatto on Boxing night and inaugurated a new billiard-table in the village reading-room by pla tng a game of 100 up against his ohiof agent, Mr. ltobart. A largo crowd of miners keenly watched the eontest, his Lordship being made the favorite. Both players started well, but Mr. Stobart eventually won by 41 points. Boplying to a vote of thanks, Lord Durham said he was a great advocate of such pastimes as billiards. Although he had played the game all his life, as they had soon he was not porfoot. M. France, president of the Frenoh Aeo demy, recently told an amusing story about a man whom he met in Palormo, and whoso appearance struek him as being like that of one of the sheopherds desoribed in the pastoral poems of Theooritua. When ho was admir Ing the idyllioclooking person he was and dcnly butted in the chest with the idyllic head, after whioh the possessor ran away as fast as his legs could carry him. When the author recovered from his surprise and emotion he found that the Greek-looking Sicilian had bolted with his gold watch and an artistic seal, highly prized by its pos aessor. Much interest has been awakened in BEng land by the discovery of a prehistorio lako village near Glastonbury. The dwellings were plaeod on monnda of clay raised above the level of the water. The framework of a primitive loom was found under one mound, and the number of broken bone noodles and bono splinters discovered in another mound lei the explorers to think that it may have been the site of an anoicient needle factory. Very few human bones have been discovered, but among the Interostingfinds is a blue glass bead, with a waving dark line ranning ronnd it. One of the mounds contains three uandred tons of clay, all of which must have boen dug from the surrounding hills, and carried to the spot in boats. •aving fought and vanquished the Greeks, the Turks were naturally disposed to remain in possession of the ground they had ,oonpled as somo kind of acknowledgment of their superiority in arms. But it sooms they were not disposed to keep the valises whioh the Greek offioors left behind them in their flight from Larissa. The Turkish eoneral, Boiffoullah Paeha, has just dis-. patohed to Athens a number of large paok. ages, which are to be delivered to several .reek offioors. These contain unifomos, inen, and other offoots. After this who will say that the "unspeakable Turk" is una nindful of the quality of politocess even towards a fallen enemy ? A very singular find is recorded in a Lon don magezlno. Soma ivory outters, while at york upon an elephant's tnsk, discovered the head of an assegai or African spear embodded n it This tusk was being out up for knife andlesoo. It is surmised that the spear was thrown at a young elephant, and that the head broke off and lodged in the hollow part If one of lis tusks. Then, as the tusk grew, the spoar head was pushed further and further towards the tip, and at length the vory grew round the steel blade itself. : In the oontro of the library of Ft. Paul's Jathedral, London, is a glass oaso whioh on. abrlnes many ouriosities. The first is the subsoription book opened after theo great ire for the rebuilding of the Cathedral. The itrt entry is that of Charles II., who pro mises £1000 por annum. There is no reoord that the money was over paid. James II. promisee £200, and a record of the recooipt granted therefor is'likowiso missing. Groat is the wrath of a Fronoh wino grower at whose oxpense a hugo praetioal joke has just boon practised. The peasants wore busily engaged in gathering the grapes n his part of the country, when someone espied on his property a tall post, bearing, in arge, conspiouous letters, the following In. scrption:--"The owner of this property gives up his crop to the poor." The joyful nows spread like wildfire, and in an in crodibly brief spaoo of time every vine was stripped of its fruit, for, as a matter of faot, the village had never held so many poor eople as on that day. When, some hounr iter, the proprietor strolled down to have a ook at his beloved vineyard, he could not believo his eyes. Every effort las being made o discover the perpetrator of the joke, whioh, t must be confessed, has raised the spirita o. 'the little community to a considerable exstent. In an iaterview on gas~bnrnlng, Mr. Livesey the other day gave a hint that may be very uoful to consumers who use the in. candescent mantle. He ha, notlced in his own house, he says, that with e loll pressure of gas there is not only no advantage in turn. ito on full at the burner, but it positively rednes the light. And this, it may be added, not only applies to the incandesoent system, but to burners of all kinds. There il a mazimum quantity whbih every burner Is intended to consume. And gas passed beyond that quantity is not consumed, and serves only to redune the temperature of the flames and dieinish the light. . "It Is a mistake which most of the consumers of gas by the 'penny in the slot' system make. They are analous to 'get the best light they enn, and they turn it full on. eoople sbould ceder. stand," continued Mr. LIvesey, "that the pressure should only be just suffielent to properly spread out the flme. a-nyhitng beyond this is waste." BSms persons find diffioulty in underetand.s ing how, stuce the imagos of objects looked at are inverted in the eyes, we nevertheless sso the objects right side up. Recent ex. periments by a ocleutist indicate that we poosces an iteresting power of adjostment tu this regard. He wnore iuverting glassee which reversed everything within teach of his eyes, 0o that, for bim, the ground was above and the sky below, while things os the right wore seen on the left, and thiogo on tee left appeared on the right. Continuouely for eIght days he wore the glasses, and within that time all his bodily movements became adjusted to the new order, so that he could walk the strooto without much diflieulty. Mr. Harvey, a farmer living at Bishop's Teignton, near Teignmouth, Devon, was looking after his cows when he found two men, named John Coekerham and John Roberts, lying at the bottom of a disosed quarry. The men, who were dead, had epparently, when out poaching, fallen into the quarry. A man was found lying at Comical Corner, South Shields, in an unoonsolous condition. Ho was wet to the neok, and hed appar ently been in the river. He was at once taken to the Ingham Infirmaty, where he died ehortly afterwards. The body has since been identified as that of John M'Ksons, 42 years of ago, who resided in Cambobno Grove, Gateshead. He was a sclor telegraphist in the General Post Oftloe, Newcastle-on. Tyne, and was at work on the previous Friday. lesso Bears, farmer, of Halls Green, Kent, was oat shooting with a party, including his ton, aged 15. The latter, who was carrying a gun just behind his father, aceidentally discharged it, and, unfortunately, Mr. Bears received the full charge in his back. The shots entered the heart, and death was almost instantaneous. in the matter of droes too BJmawayans are like their prototypoes of the BRand in the early days. That is to say, they affect only a shirt and a pair of unmeontlonables as every, day wear. A visitor was invited to lunch with some of the younger blues.bloods of the community, and was reoeivod with the startling intimation, " Mr. So.and-Bo we always Inuoh in our shirts." Ho rapidly doffed coat and waistooat, and discovered how ploesant a thing it is to lunch in this free. and.easy fashion. In regard to this fashion, a good thing is going the rounds. A visitor and an official resident were walking in the town, when the former innooontly remarked, "I am told some of those men who wailk about in their shirtelooves are quite respect. able !" Ho was informed that among the paseers by was a young English baronot end a number of men drawn from the best Egliseh families. At the "At Homo" given by iMra. Lawley at Governmont House, even regular "morning dress" was the exooption rather than tihe rule. Thbo men generally wore in tweeds, some oven >n flannels. Top hats were tho exception. Not that Bulawayo cannot dross upon oooaasion. " Every man," it is proudly recorded, " has his dress suit for evening wear." Dr. Forbos Winslow writes with reference to the nooount of a lady supposod to have hoon hypnotisod in an omnibus. Ever sinoo the publication and subseoquent dramatisation of "Trilby" imaginary hypnotism, ho says, has become a common form of mental aberra tion. Many woak.mindod individuals allege that they have been hypnotised by some one, or that they are under some person's control. This is a new phaeo of lunacy, but one un. fortunstoly incroeasing. I do not, for one moment, believe that it is possiblO for a stranger sitting in a public conveyance to be able to exercise that power. I have often hoard it remarked by some mentally weak individuals, "Don't look at me, you are hypnotising me." There are no doubt many such individuals at largo, and the explanation I have hero given seems to meo the one to be accepted in the onease reported in your coilmns. TVhat booomos of the largesso left by Royal visitors after a stay at a foreign capital ? If the story told by a London journal the other week is to be credited, one may safely con oeoture that almost the whole of it goes into hoe coffers of the publican When the Ozar ad Czarina took their departure from Paris last year they handed over 100,000fr for dis tribntion in alma. After some delay this has boen effected by the charity administration of each municipal district, a two fran pieeoo being handed to every recipiont. One of the ofilials, it is stated, being anxious to die. cover the use to which the largesso was put, marked all the coins that passed through his hands. He then allowed a short interval to liapas and sent to the nearest liquor shop for he change of a 1000.frano note. Nearly all he sliver which was brought back to him bore the toll-talo soratch I 