CHURCH NEWS. Holy Communion will be celebrated in the Cathedral Church, at 8 a.m. The Dean will preach at both services, and the subject in the evening will be, “ What think ye of Christ [?]” The Bishop of Ballarat will preach at St. Peter's Charoh to-morrow morning, the vic»r in the evoning. The services will he full choral. Special services will be bold at St. Paul's, Ballarat East, to-morrow, and special offer tories taken (or the payment of parish debts, Tho vicar will prenoli in the morning and at the ohildrena’ ssrvioe in the afternoon. The evening preacher will bo the Bishop sf Bal larat. Attwood’s sotting of “ Come Holy Ghost” will be rendered in tho morning, and Gonnod’s " Send oat Thy light” will be sung in the evoning, when Mr James M'Grath will sing Jono«' "The perfeot life” as anoffortoiro. Anniversary serviovs in connection with St. James’ Chnrah, Nerrina, will be held to morrow. Mr Ssnnderß will esnduat a child ren’s service nt 11 o’olook. The Bishop will preach in tho afternoon and the Rev. J. C. Carmichael in the evening. Members of the German portion of the oommnnity will be pleased to learn that their pastor, the Rev. Geo. Heyer, has now fully recovered from his reoont illness, and will conduct the customary serviess at the Lutheran Church to-morrow. The Rev. T. R. Csirns will condsot both services at St. Andrew’s to-morrow. The subject at evening serviee will be "A Groat Example and a Great Reward.” The Rev. J. A. Soper will preacli both times tomorrow, at the Baptist Church, Dawson street. In the morning bis subject will be “An Eternal Priest;” and in the evening “The plane of weeping.” Baptism at tho close of tho evening service. The Rev. J. C. Carmichael will oSoiate at St. John’e Church, Soldiers Hill, in the morning, and the Rov. F. W. Conpo in the evening. The Rev. W. H. Lewis will preaob at the Congregational Cbnroh, Dawson street, to morrow, morning and evoning. SERVICES TO-MORROW. Lydiard street Wesleyan Church —Rev. Wm. Harris, morning; Riv. J. Nall, evening. St. Stephen’s—Morning, Mr J. Lens; even ing, Rev. W. F. Tuoker. Scots Church, Lydiard street—Rev. W. Fraser, 8.A., morning and evening. St. John’s Presbyterian Church —Rev. E. J. Woloh, morning and evening. 