[?] CH2IPTER I. SUNNY morning in April, yet wbioh . may, liny in all ' proTialiility will,' turn out a Rliowery, clay.. , u tie sun nas risen . in royal good liumour howover, nnil Rhiniinr nnnn finr Tirn- "" " r o -i'— 1 — vince of "Ulster, ia our sister Islo of . EriiiA 'IIc lias a cliooring glance for everybody ; ho smiles upon tho bnrofooted, hluo-eycd, poorly-elad children, as they trip along tho ' muddy roads to' their various schools, and ho smiles equally upon May J3yng and hor sister Sara, as they toil energetic ally amidst the soniowhat weed besprinkled flower beds of the -.terrace that skirts Crag Castle.. Crag Castlo; so .far. as tlio ' Crag ' goo, ono'oan understand tiic appellation. It stands not a siinndred feet from the edge of . tho pvcoipitous rooky cliff, and, as, soon from tho soa, with its many, and sharp-pointed gables, it forms hut a fantastic summit to the . gray peaks which rise in flights of jagged grandeur from the sea below. 1 Tlio ' Castlo 1 would bo vsome- \- what ; enigmatic to those nnae- ntiniTtfnjl \\\if1h Triuli iri/\aY»iini»«c?Aa Tlio huiiding is essputially a. hall, a hiige, rambling edifice of tlie 1 , Tudoivpevitjcl, possessing nooks, \- crannies, qnd hiding places o- nough.to liavo concealed a score \- of Jacobites in the old troubled times. ; / , ' Tho nooks and crannies are > now, however, perhaps better known to tlie rats than to any human being, save and excopt #lis\ nvit'iivr.i'iisivir .Qntui iiiIia cm iiiw tjtunj nuu . vu " wet days, when occupation is apt to grow scant', starts on an ex ploring and prying expedition Ihvoiigh the deserted passages, und amidst the musty and fearful furnituro of bygone generations. The Centre, or main huiiding is bright enough ; in it have been collected all tho most presentable articles from tlio uncient store; there area few. modern ' knick- knacks, and 'woman's taste has wfirlnwl fhft vosf. Th»v may bo a triflo worn in. places, hut cunning hands have concealed 2 the, weak spots under costly skin riigs; not costly to tlid Byngs however, foiythey "are, of good' old . family, and being of good family possess those charming and cheap helps to beautifying a liouso— friends in India. . It is hard lines living in a" castle, aud having to keep up the namo of a-castlo, without the ijicomo which should surely 'be attached to such a position— how ,J - haid, perhaps none really know but those who "have tiled to solve 1 the riddle. The owner of "Crag Castle hnd its several thousand acres should vrrtpnono nn I'nA/iiYin A-p Innci fan UU IUW»'"»w w ivmui »w»i thousand a year. But tho pres ent owner of Crag Castle, Ralph Byng, Esq., is not the owner of the surroundihg acres, and his iiicome, far from swelling up to tlie convenient and highly xc- spectablo ten thousand/falls veiy far short of ton hundred; nay, ; if the truth must be- told, itvory . little exceeds three hundred. Btill Rulph Byng must needs he a rich man, somo day. Ho is : an only son, and tho hand which I? " gathers in tho golden . ton tliou- :fv >sand that is drained yearly from the Crag land is the hand of his i40 father. The old gentleman has another estate on which ho him self lives, a smaller but more ; "'fertile place in tho south-of' Ire land. it, too, pogrTta _ yearly, shower of glilteffffig gold into his hviinming.Qctffera ;;but no bparklc of that gold beyond the .scant three hundred makes its way into tho well-worn pocket of his son and heir. Ralph Byng was a sooial. fail ure; there is no uso in denying the fact, or in attempting to mince the matter. His father, Ralph Byng/sonior, had set his mind upon a diplo matic career for his son ; and his son, arming himself with a small ohisol act! hammer, and persis tently chipping away at what his father contemptuously designated ' frozen cooklo shells,' bad inform ed him that diplomacy was not in his line. Rnlph Byng, senior, had ox- pressed' a wish that his son should take up his position in the county, lido sharp up to hounds, i#na show his friends that ho was not a born fool ; nnd tho son, fixing liis eyo steadily in tho small end of a tclcscopo, somewhat less than a quarter of a milo in length had answered that, whilst space oontained suoh mighty problems to ho solved, lie could not waste | his days in scampering aftor a mad March liaro,' that might as ensily he shot by tho gamekeop- vl I Ralph Byng, sonior, had issued a mandate that his son should marry rank, wealth, aud beauty. In the latter respect only had this most exasperating son acced ed to his request. Ho had fallen in love with, courted and married, the only daughter of a worthy old clergyman, of no family worth mentioning, and certainly not over burdened with filthy luero; Then, and; riot till then, was I tho Bleeping lion within the older Ralph Byng thoroughly roused. He did not turn and curso his son, nor did ho pray for venge ance ; but he left Crag Castlo, tho very sight of which had be come painful to liim; aud he wrote a note short and stern. 'Go,' he said, 'and load the life you are fitted for. Money is wasted on . such ns you. Three hundred a year will provide you Willi luUU UUU UUvlUUg Ov uiuvu will bo your allowance.. Live at tho Crag, if you oliooso; I shall never visit it again. I forgive you the pain you have caused me believing you to ho more 'a fool' than otherwise. Keep out of my way ; and wait with what patience you can for my death.' This all happened twenty years ago, and Ralph Byng, senior, from all accounts, is as far off Il'OIU 1 1 10 1'UIU UI BUUUUWO uo uujr hearty, active old man of seventy is capable of being. Poor Mrs. Byng, in her dilapi dated castlo, gives a weary littlo sigh sometimes, when sho thinks of the longevity of tho Byng fafuily in general. 'It is not for herself she sighs, though hor path iu life has been on the wiiolo a disappointing ono ; it is when hor eye rests on her more cherish ed self, her dear, bright May. CI.a nSmtio frt tliSnlr MAT kJUU OlgUO IV MUiin must hide her youth and fresh ness nt the Crag. Sho sighs to think that ere th'o money - comes gray hairs must almost mingle with May's golden tresses ; that bofore the laden argosy arrives Sara may have settled' down into staid old-maidism. True, May is not nineteen as yet, and Sara fivo years younger ; but a mother's lovo and a mo ther's fears look far ahead. CHAPTER II. - "Now," says May,- pausing, trowel, in hand, to straighten her back, and gazing with oyes of satisfaction on her work — ' now, T l»Jnlr thift "hr>d will do. 1 Do ! Of course it will do,' answers Sara, giving a vicious tug to the' last interloping weed which her quick eye has detec ted. ' But why on earth we two should waste a precious hour of each fine momiug, cuiving our spines', and ruining our complex ions, in tho vain endeavour to keep this hideous terraoo in or der, is more than I oan fathom.' ' It adds immensely to the gen eral effect of tho grounds,' ob serves May quietly, gathering up her tools, and moving on to. tho next-bordered square. ' In my opinion, it is tho only really hideous thing about the .pl.'ico,' says Sara shortly. „ ' Mamma is so fond of hei ter- raoe." .. ># ./ 'Yes, just because sho. thinks it the correct thing to have a :.l .: ' r- 7 terrace. Everybody has a terrace, and so we mast. have one; but then everybody keeps gardeners, while we poor nobodies must needs grub and garden for. our selves.' . v 'What has:. put - you out this morning ?' asks May, pausing for a moment to ask tho question. ' Oh, nothing Hri partiCulniH Only - the older I get/ the more lll-tempereu 1 Denove 1 grow, answers Sara candidly. . 'I aui so horribly tired of being. poor.' 'We are all that, I fanoy,' re marks May, with a dreamy look of speculation in her eyes. ' It is a comfort to know that it oan't last forever.' , What, a comfort to know that grandpa can't last for ever? But 1 am DOgiaumg lo iear, uo-yuu know, that ho will.' 'Sara, ho quiet; you really must not say suoh things. It is horribly wioked.' ' Now don't bo foolish, May. jit stands to reason that if he died to-morrow wo should all of us feel ready to danco a jig ; we should not do it, I suppose, but wo should clothe ourselvfs in miles of becoming crape, and in- wardlv reioioo.' May begins to feel uncomfort able. She somehow always does feel uncomfortable when Sara in sists on airing her. uncompromi sing truths. It is such a different thing to think a naughty thought all to oneself, and to hear that same naughty thought expressed in plain, unvarnished English. There is silenoo for somo min utes, while the two girls work steadily away at their weeds. . 'Happy thought!' exclaims Sara, pausing suddenly iu her work. You havo told mo noth ing about yon visit yet.' ' There is nothing to toll !' Nothing to toll !' repeats Sara, in an incredulous tone, sinking back on her hcols. ' Here you havo been away at Lord Passe's for three whole days, and .thon inform mo, in your coolest tone, that you have nothing to talk about.' I 'Well, and it is true. Thov were the moit stupid, inert set I have met within the last year, and that is saying a great deal.' ' But Lord Passe himself— is ho stupid ?' , ' No, not always ; hut I think ho is a trifle — eccentric.' N I 'Woli, that is more olieerful ; (for. eccentric, I suppose, means, in plain English — mad. I would rather be a madman than an idiot anv dav.' remarks Sara thouirht- f ally. ' Since you own that he is a trifle mad, perhaps you would not mind informing mo in what ninuner tho malady declares it self.' 'Oh, I really can't remember any instance in particular ! He only struck mo as being generally mud."' . 'Mamma was talking to you last evening, after dinner, heaps about his riches and liis ancestors. I thought I smelt a rat.' ' Sara !' 'Well, don't swallow me; "scented a secret," if that will suit you better. Did he talk to you much ? Did he think you pretty V - . . ' Doii't bo such a goose ; how do I know ?' ' Well, you see, there is no ac counting for tho freaks.of eccen tric people. Not that such a re mark would prove his eccentricity —you are goad-looking.' 'I don't see that it matters much,' says May carelessly. ' Perhaps not, sinco you possess all the good looks of the family,' remarks Sara drily ; 'but I, being somewhat shoit of that luxury termed "beaulv." look noon the matter in a different light. Our fuoes at present, my dear, are our fortunes.' 'True I' answers May dreamily. 'May,' says Sara in au. earnest tone, and pausing in the very act of wrenching out an obdurate bit of groundsel, ' oan anything in the world, I wonder, he harder to bear than — poverty ?' 'I scarcely know; an uneasy coDsoi -noe might.' 'Now loll tie truth,' continues Sara earnestly; 'Would you do anything for gold ? I would.' May gives a little Bhiver. ' What do you mean, Sara ?' ' Now for instance— would you marry Lord Passe to share his money ?' . ' Tho troubled look passes from May's face and a smile oreepB over (her pretty features. "Only that#.sho says, with a little laugh;', I thought, you were going to. propose something tragic.' . ' Then;Ywi3rbuld marry- him?? , queries Sara=ngaiu, with a slight touch of doubt-in her voice, v / 'Marry himl- Why, Sara, you should: know mjilhotter. I would marry any ' maiPin the kingdom possessing - his' wcaltli and rank. U U1U1 tUUnbyt,i,;i. Uuli t i"4"" "v will give meh ohnnco.' ; 'I am afraid ;we aro very hor rid girls,' sayB/Sara moditatiyoly. ' We havo be.oi' brought up in a horrid sohdqljtajil feel out of our elemont ; wo ario only struggling to regain our, -iktivo air that ive may breathe ffreely.' : The seoondibpd is weeded, and nnoin thai? viibA nrwl vr»af.. DTfllll A UgUlU VUMJ MOV. UUrt . """ before proceeding to the third. . A tall, slight figuro is May's, by no means wanting in roundness and even plumpness when obser ved in .detail; yOt -.'giving always the impression at first sight of slirariess— a .pretty figure, with, that graceful, 1 somewhat haughty fall at the shoulders which stamps distinction ohthehappy possessor. Site has a small classic head with shining goldeailjoir ; eyes . of a deep purple -blue, fringed und arched by lashes, and brows some shades darker, .than the liair; a low, broad .forehead ; a mouth whose only, faul perhaps, ia an occasional ourjt qn: the short upper lip, which givos a: satirical, if not scornful, expression' to the face when in fopose;;_a. complexion purely f .iir, as one rarely soos be yond the Einerjld. Isle. , Her dress is dark serge, plainly mauo, ana iuuug to iuo ugum with habit-like preoision; it shows off both the form and the fair white neck to ndiinutage. Sara is at an' ajvkwtird ago and managos to makeltlio age appear inorei awkward than seems strictly necessary, partly hy tho general untidiness of. her dress and per son, partly by tho -ungainly .dis position which she niake3 of her extravagantly; loffg limbs. Hor head seems ; top " large for the width of her shouldors ; as would doubtless bo . tpe fate of most heads if surrounded, by a shock of over - thick aijd ' uucbuifortably short hair. KHeii -'features arp not regular like i May's — deeply-set grey oyes, shaded by' somewhat heavy brows, a snall iinpertinont nose, and a mquthj'tqo wido' for beauty, but with' a depth of hu mour concealed .in tho dimples that play afound. it with each smile. It is not a plain face by j any meaue, with its over- varying- expression, hut'itis a" face more likely to strike observers with its good points than to impress its owner with feelings of confidence as she gazes at it in 'gloomy des pondency before the faithful mir- ror. ' ; As they stand qt;enso reposing from their labojiiu ahd idly dis cussing tho pi'obablo. destination of a sail visible ou, tlio far hori zon, the side door of the Castle opens soft!', and aiqrat, shadowy old edition of May makes her appearance, and, parasol iu hand, glides gently down the houso und terracq stops until, she stands un suspected behind hef' daughters. Although unaware; of hei ap proach they do not start when tho small die away - voioo breaks iu upon their conversation. They havo hccomo so accustomed to the phantom - like appearances and disappearances of. , their mother that thoy take them as a 'matter of cnirso. ' With strangers/on tho contrary, this gliding moyoment of Mrs. Ralph Byng's lias on more than one occasion induced alarming results. Ono old/, lddy, finding hei self suddenly /floated down upon, and hearing no. sound, though tho encounter took plaoe on a resounding hall pavement, "wont in" for a fuinting fit of a most sovoro ordor, and' could not be induced to recover' until the gliding figuro bad been banished from sig.it. A total stranger hav ing once been requested to take Mrs. Ralph Byng in to dinner, literally fled from. her in the light ui' u long uuii wiiiuui., My -good follpw,' he observed to Sir Henry Smart, wlion Uiat facetious youug baronet was chaf- 1 flng him on his strange behaviour, 'I can stand a good deal, and don't feel sure that I should fleo oven from a ghost/ were I expeo- tingit; but to be told to take a woman in to dinner, and to feel her floating, gliding,. . wheeling along by your side, moved by. soimo invisible ngenoy— to know that sho is worked by some awful and mysterious machinery, whioh can't, by any of the acknow ledged laws of motion, moan — logs; I say, to he unexpectedly linked up with a snake in human I form, was more than I had bar gained for. Sho was all right when she sat down; pleasant, ohatty Woman ; but I could r.o" quit 0 got over tho idea that she was a' spirit imperfectly raatorial- ised.' (To bo continued.) 