STERLING, OF CÂRRABINDft THE STORY OF A SACRIFICE. BY J. A. BABBY, IN "THE ACSTBALIAN FASTO BA LISTS' BKVIEW." Por a time after young Cbarlei Sirco, of "The IjandB," marrier pretty little Amy Bolston, orphai and typewriter, the pair got alo'n§ well enough on Charlie's salary oi £150 per annum. Then all at on« a monster by the name of "Publi< Service Board" appeared on th« . scene and declared that Charlie wai a superfluity, a. luxury, in fact, thal -along with many others-the Stat« could dispense with. So be wa! retrenched, and dismay filled th« little nest in the Sydney, suburb where, for a while, the two youn| birds had been so happy, A civi. servant suddenly thrown on the cole world ÍB as full of energy anc resource as a day-old kitten ; .also, tc make things about as bad as tbej could be, Amy had lost her formel connection, and found it impossible to " get on to an instrument," ever had she been willing to work for hei keep alone. Indeed,, she offered tc do so, but without avail. Nor would anyone for a momeni entertain her husband's applicatioi for employment. Nobody wantec Government ?» retrenchiea.,' So firsl bis watch went to the pawnshop, ther Amy's; then bit by bit the furniture -gathered with BO much care-and pleasure of joint bargaining ; ther all the ' pretty little nick-nacks of walls and tables, until the'cottage was almost totally bare of everj article that could be pledged. Sc bad, indeed, were matters with then: that on Christmas Eve Charlie hac to pledge what remained of theil bedding to procure something for th« next day's dinner-even then con- sisting only of a small loaf and some tough slices of corned beef purchased at "Paddy's Market," and carrier] home in brown paper, the taste oi which produced wry faces as they ate Charlie seated on the solitary chaii that remained, with Amy on hit knees, and her arm around his neck whilst the pair punctuated thc progress of the frugal meal witl kisses. They were very young; and although poverty, sudden and dire, had rushed upon them through all the doors at once, love had not flown out of the window." " Thia can't last much longer, little woman," remarked Charlie. at last. 'I No use my looking for work herc ¿ny more. I'm walking on the nppers of my boots now; my clothes are done ; our capital is just five bob : and when that's spent it'll be all u.p Also the rent's due, and next wees \- out we'll have to go. I really think I'd better ? «lo what so; many of thc other chaps have done-go up thc bush, It can't be woree there than itisin Sydney. If I could only see you settled at something, I'd start at once-bad as it would be to part." 1 ; " I'll come, too, dear," - said Amy, as she nestled her now thin, worn cheek against her husband's.' "Better anything than this !" and Bhe looked around the desolate home with a shudder. "Surely," she continued, " we' might get something to do on some station or-other. There waa lizzie Rhodes, who went away as a nursery governess; she seemed to like the country and the place." " Married the squatter, though, didn't she r" asked Charlie, with rather a grim laugh. " That's where you'd , be handicapped if we were together." v No, Amy, I'm afraid we'll have to part, though it will almost break my heart-even should the opportunity come." -. " Then, please" God it may not come 1". exclaimed Amy. " I'd sooner we should'slowly starve together." " Well,' dear," replied her husband bitterly," it , wouldn't take . much more of this Christmas fare to lay us out." : V"v They got over Boxing Day some- how or other, and next morning just as they were ' thinking seriously of packing up the few clothes that remained, to them,- and tramping into the country, a telegram arrived from a registry office informing Amy that herô services as a typewriter were temporarily required by.- a large wholesale firm during the holidays, and, perhaps, for longer. Then because luck and chance often hunt in pairs, Charlie, -meeting an old friend, steward of a coasting steamer then in port, and under the unwonted . influence of a couple of whiskies and a cigar, unbosoming ? himself, found sympathy and the offer of a billet. " ïfot up to much, of course," said the " Chief," " only third. Still, it's four quid a month and perks. Call it six. "Work is hard at times; and nasty-sick people -dirty people-you know, and ' all that sort of thing. I've been through the mill, and- it ain't 'nice. Still- well, there y'are." And Charlie accepted thankfully, and promised to be aboard the JPatawaritari- at noon the next day. At 'home there happened the first quarrel these two bad experienced in the. course of their short married life. Amy ? was in despair. She was earning 15s a week, and vowed that it was enough for the two of them. In vain Charlie pointed out that her. first week's pay would only just' clear the back rent; also that the treasury contained only, ls Gd.'. l'or a long time she could not be brought to see the cruel wisdom of separation. " We sholl never see each other again," Bhe oried with prophetic voioe. "Oh J Charlie, how can yon leave me ? Back in a month I lío, nor in many months 1 I. feel the certainty of it within me. If you go now you lose me for"over 1 Ohl Charlie, to part so soon ! ' And the cruel sea. Better -to stay with me and let me work for both of us, and starve on a crust." Thus, poor Amy, lifting her tear-Btained face, framed in its long flaxen locks, appealingly to Charlie scarcely less moved than his little wife. But at last he made her see the* imperative necessity of acceding to his plan, and, as he kissed her tears away, reconciled her in some sort to what ho represented as certain to be only o short absence. And so they parted. "Miss Colston, if you can't find anything better to do than sit and read the paper, you might help me with thiB mending. And there's some washing to be put out from yesterday. Gracious goodness! what a noise those children are making! I'm really afraid, Miss Colston, that you're no authority at all over them." Mrs. Hirst was a nagger of the most finished type ; and all day long, and far into the night, this was the sort of thing Amy bad to put up with. The type- writing had only lasted a week or so. Then, an opportunity offering, she had taken this billet as nursery governess on a far-out station at a salary of £25 yer annum, and had been sorry ever since that she had not stayed on and starred in Sydney. Sy the adrice of the people at the registry office she had dropped the "Mrs." and assumed her maiden name before going to Yacca, where she had - now been six months, without hearing a word from Charlie, all unwitting .that behind the dirty shelves of the registry office laya a letter from him-long overlooked and forgotten by the people there-that should have been forwarded months ago, - And regularly in the papers she could see chronicled the fatawaritari's arrivals and depart- ures. Thus,-as time passed, she, with bitter sorrow and despair, began to deem herself deserted; and often amongst the squalling of the six raging brats of whom- she was responsible, her sad thoughts would wander away to that briéf honeymoon; and the silent 'tears flow down hex pale cheeks until detected by the observant watchful eyes that sur- rounded her, and reported her every movement to "Mamma." Yttca was only a small place with about 20,000 sheep, and the Hirsts themselves were rough, uncultivated people, near and grasping, and who, in return to their miserable salary, seemed to think they had boughl Amy soul and body-at least the female Hirst did. Beyond a grunt her husband seldom spoke, but from the expression of his race he seemed rather pleased than otherwise when he heard his wife giring Amy "the rounds of the kitchen"-those " rounds" that never ceased. - Meantime, Charlie's lineB had alsc fallen in anything but pleasant places. Deadly sick of his billet, in addition to being almost constantly soo-Bick himself, he had left the steamer at Auckland, and, taking to the bush, eked with a wretched living, at times working for settlers, at others gum-digging. Since that one letter telling his wife what he had done, he had not written once, not from any waning of the affection he bore her, but because a sense of the utter uselessness and failure of him had gripped his heart , with the cold grip of despair that at times comes to the vagrom man wandering homeless, destitute,, warring with fate. So two years went by, and Amy was still at Yacca, resigned, now, after a fashion, and because of haring developed a sort of . nag-proof skin upon which vituperation^ fell more lightly than of old. ' * Yacca fronted the main road, and old John Sterling, " Sterling of Carra bindi," one'of the wealthiest squatters in' the district, was wont to pretty regularly spell there for an hour or two on Ms way to and from the town- ship. And he had noticed the pale, pretty young woman, and more than ?once seen her flmoh under the sharp tongue of Mrs. Hirst, which penetra- ted wooded partitions like an auger would do. He was a rough, sturdy, grey-haired bachelor, the wrong side of fifty ; a strong, just man with an almost Australasian reputation for energy and skill, and before whom the Hirsts bowed down in humble adulation. Arid' first pity for their slave ' crept into his heart that no woman, hitherto, had v been able to touch. Then came the kindred ¡pas- sion, and the bid squatter arose one morning to the knowledge that unless he could win Amy Colston for his wife, nor. broad aères, nor his half-a million of .stock, . nor anything that was his and in whose possession he had till now taken pleasure would eyer give him a minute's gratification again. "For, some time he fought against the knowledge fiercely and stubbornly, then, ordering his buggy, he drove to Yacca, doing the thirty miles under the three hours. Further than'a few civil words he had never spoken to Amy, but he meant to speak now, and very muoh to the'-purpose. And, af ter ; lunch, turning to Mrs. Hirst, he said : " I'm going into the garden. Please send Mies Coletón to me there and keep the children away. I want to talk businees." And Mrs. Hirst, although marvelling greatly, - obeyed him as implicitly as she would., hare done had he told her to send Amy packing at. ten minutes' notice. . ' The pair were absent half-an-hoar amidst the trees at the bottom of the garden-half-an-hour of inquisitive agony for Mrs, Hirst ; only intensified when at the end-of that time Amy and John Sterling returned-the girl a little paler than, usual, the old squatter more erect than ever and with an alert,/glad look that made him appear almost youthful, whilst under the deep wholesome tan of his face the red blood glowed again. . " Cubby," said.the squatter to his blaok. boy. - " Put in the horses. Look Bharp, now I" Then to Mrs. Hirst, standing agape, her face one great note - of interrogation,, " I'm going to show Mies Colston our town- ship, ma'am. She tells me she has never been there since the night she 'first arrived. The drive 'll do her good. Not been looking over well lately, I've' noticed." And ' so he rattled on, never pausing to give chance of question until Amy reap- peared, dressed.' Then, handing her into the buggy, he drove rapidly away, leaving Mrs. Hirst in such a medley of astonishment, anger, and dismay that, quite unconsciously, there escaped from her lips her husband's solitaryjbut invariable objurgation in all moment* of surprise or irritation : "Well, damn my wig." "When, as she was bidden, the mncl wondering Amy had joined the squal ter in the garden, he had, as was nani ¡ with him, gone straight to the poix and at once asked her to be his wife " I don't suppose for| a minute," h said, " that you can ever bring youi self to care about an old fellow lik me. Never mind that; I'll do tb caring port, and I'll take you out o this hole and away from that -naggin visen yonder, and I'll make your lif happy and pleasant for you. That, a ilesst, I can do ; and maybe in tim ;you will "learn to-no, not love, pei haps, but feel at least a little kindl towards me. There, now, don't loo! so frightened. I know I'm rude am blunt ; always have been, and court ing comes awkward at forty-five "Well, what's it to ¡be ? Yes. l'J take my answer right away-suddei death. It's best so." And Am; recovering from her first feeling o amazement, pulled herself togethei and looking up into the rugged stron features, strangely softened now, an meeting the wistful gaze of a pair o yet expressive and undimmed eyei felt such a sense of peace and pro tection steal over her as for many weary day she had been a stranger to And something of all this he mue have seen in her face,-for wi thou another word he bent over and kisse her on the brow, aud tucking her aro in his, remarked coolly : " Com along; we'll go and be married a once ;" and marched up the garden t demoralise Mrs. Hirst. Amy .found-! Carrabindi indeed heaven of rest that would have bee) perfect but for the haunting memor of the sin she had committed, and th seriousness of which she never for moment endeavoured to conceal frot herself. Many a time during tha drive to the township, at the end c which she had awakened from wha was almost a sort of dream, to fin herself going through the ceremon of a second marriage, she had bee: upon the point of confessing all to thi quietly exultant man who sat besid her. . But in spite of every endeavoui the horrible life at Yacca kept risin, up before her, and the very idea o returning to it aroused hot rebellioi in her breast and sealed her lips. Ani now, as Mrs. Sterling, of Carrabindi surrounded with every luxury, he slightest wish law, her anxiou husband. always on the .watch t minister to an unexpressed want, th ghost of Charlie and the memory o those brief but happy five weeks o wedded life were ever present witl her. Still she was grateful to th man who had, besides rescuing he from the unspeakable : Bqualor am misery of Yacca, more than kept hi promises to her in other respects. An< she strove to show her gratitude love she had none to give-by all th poor means in her power. And a time passed John Sterling recognise! that it would be useless to hope fo anything more, and although th knowledge gave him many a hear aohe, he sedulously concealed al sign of . Buffering from hil wife. Hecognised, too, the fact tba there was some mystery in the pas life that, in spite of all his care am tenderness,"rendered the present bitte for her. But: he. never sought he: secret, preferring to trust patiently ti time and his own great love both ti heal the wound'and work the mirach he so ardently desired. But the fatei intervened. Carrabindi, on their list of stations was marked "very good" amongs the travellers of the district, and the] patronised it accordingly. As a rule the storekeeper or" the oversee: attended to these nomads. But i stray one sometimes strayed througl the garden gate and around to thi front of the house. Thus, Amy, walking one evening amidst her shrubs and flowers, sud dealy found herself face to face with a brown-faced, travel-strained mai who, holding some empty - ration bagi in his hand, was staring around as ii in search of somebody. " "I beg. your pardon, ma'm," he said, raising his battered hat, " b.ui could you tell--".- and then he stopped as if shot, and in a trembling voice : exclaimed: "Amy !" and took i step towards her, as ' she stood, pale to the- lips, from which had issued almost at the same moment as he spoke, the word "Charlie!" Por a while the two .stared at each other, so motionless that anyone passing might hare taken them foi statues. Then Charlie Birch-squarer of build, less open of eye, and with n more, Bet expression than of .old, handsome, top, she thought even at that; supreme moment-made aa to approach closer. But she put out her hand with a thrusting motion, exclaiming in a choked voice: "Nb! no. ! Oh ! why. did you come ? After all these years I thought.you were dead, or had forgotten me altogether. My God ! what is to become of ua ? .My husband. may be here at any moment." '.; ? j"'. " Husband !" exclaimed Charlie, " then you're married again ?; To whom P The squatter here-Sterling, isn't it ? " But Amy could only nod in miserable hopeless assent as the repressed sobs burst forth, "shaking her slight frame convulsively. " There ! there I " said Charlie, in a voice husky, with emotion, " don't for heaven's sake, Amy, take on so.. It was mostly my fault. . Now, look here, PU clear out. It's the best thing I can do, it seems to me. Clear out and keep out of your life, poor little woman. God knows, my thoughts hare never been away from you ; and I've tried now and then to hear some news, or find out where you were. But I're never done an atom of good for myself since we parted, And now," he concluded grimly, "it seems there's one too many of us. Good-bye, dear. Don't be afraid of my turning up again." - And he strode off through the garden, whilst Amy, after one helpless cry of " Charlie ! Charlie ! Come back!" fell fainting across the flower beds. She recorered consciousness, to find her husband bending over her aa she lay on the sofa. "I found you. lying ill in the garden, dear," he replied in answer to her look, and " carried you inrnde." And she wai too much taken up .with her own sad thoughts to notice how pale and drawn his cheeks were, and with what difficulty his words seemed to come. Later the same evening he suddenly looked up from his book and said r " I£ anything were to happen to me, Amy, the station had better be sold. But there, I've left- all to you, and you can do as you please with it." " Thank you, John," replied his wife as she sat on a low chair near him, with a pathetic little smile that wrung his heart, " but I. hope and trust you'll outlive me many years. "What put such an idea into. your head?" -, But her husband made no answer. Only, rising, he kissed her, 'and muttered something about a fine moon and kangaroos in the horse-paddockr went into his private office ' across the garden, .whence she presently heard him emerge, and then that, as waa frequently his custom, he had taken his rifle and gone'out to try and get a shot at a kangaroo. And still Amy sat there thinking, thinking until her brain whirled, seeing no way out of the hideous mess she had made of her life, and with all her lore for Charlie, the love that she had almost deceived herself into imagining extinct, springing up with thousandfold-force since she had Seen him once more, Bat there throughout the close warm Bummer night until, in the early dawn,, they brought John. Sterling home, wounded tb death. .' They told her that it was an accident, his rifle had caught in a wire fence. But just at the last, regaining consciousness, he had whispered in her ear-" Don't grieve for me, dear j it's best BO. You'll find him again ; he hasn't got very far. Only when you're happy" together with him, think of me now and then." ; . ' And all her life long, the shadow of doubt rested on Amy's mind, no hint of which she ever whispered to Charlie, but which often caused people to remark how very sad that pretty" Mrs. Birch seemed at times, when she'thought no one was looking at her. 