THE MAN EMPRESS. (Concluded from last week.) I heard the words, and turned away for very shame of the situation. Down be low. upon the deck we had left, three of the men were trying: to get Jake. Carter into the fo’castle. So convulsed with laughter was he that he could not stand upright. As for the bo’sun, he remained at the wheel, with his back toward the scene upon the brilliantly lighted quay I knew that he dared not trust himself to look. When I turned my head again, "Solomon” was thrusting the gold casket, in which the Turks had offered their humble address, into his pocket as though it had been a cigarette ease. I! saw him bow to the Governor, and enter the carriage awaiting him. Doctor Kent, who looked like a figure from a country waxworks show—his face was now dead ly pale—made a gallant attempt to keep his sword where lie would not fall over | it, and followed Ross into the carriage. An instant later old Jack and I were in a carriage by ourselves, and the proces sion began to move toward the fortress on the hill. Many minutes passed, I think, before we spoke to each other. The skipper made a brave attempt to say something at the beginning, but a great guffaw shook the carriage, and thereafter he continued to laugh, quietly but uncon trollably. When he could speak, his words came in gasps— ‘"Tis-a dead body, I’ll be,” he ex claimed coherently at last. “Did ye see the bow of him?—and Lord the boots, when he got into the carriage! Oh,.man, man. I’ll never live to see the ship "Jack,” said I, “did you ever break gaol?” .. “Ye’re thinking that it’s dangerous?” lie asked, a little more seriously. “X should say it spells prison, if you ask me candidly.” “Man, you’re very right—but did ye see him feeling for the pocket when they handed over the box with the writing? ’Twas enough to bring tears to the eyes of a statue. Faith, ‘Solomon’ has missed his vocation altogether. And we’re in for it now, mind ye. If they had an inkling of it, we’d be dead men upon the spot—the Lord keep me from lading!” The carriage came to a standstill slowly as he spoke, and a soldier in a, Turkish uniform opened the door upoii us. I saw that we. had entered tlie enceinte of the great fortress on the summit of the island. Men with torches formed a guard of honor; a group of Turkish dignitaries surrounded the im perturbable "Solomon” and the exceed ingly nervous doctor. The eyes of both men, I thought, were turned often to the forbidding waits as though w;ondering where the road to the ship lay. For my self, I would have given a hundred pounds to have been again on the deck of the Golden Fleece. And I would have trebled the amount when presently a lady joined the company, and, speaking prettily to Edmund Ross, presented him very graciously with a bouquet. "Great heaven,” whispered the skipper, turning as pale as the white walls when he saw the woman, “’tis the Prefect's wife. I’d forgotten her. If she knows him, we’ll begin the running before the dinner.” “She doesn't know him,” I answered; “it’s the dress that interests her.” The lady, indeed, stood amazed at the figure before her. I could see her spy ing out the folds of “Solomon’s” wonder ful costume with a curiosity not to be concealed. It was a moment when one’s heart stood still. Happily, the haste of the Governor, who knew that “Her Ma jesty” could stay but an hour.upon tlie island, saved the situation. A band in the courtyard blared out the Austrian National Anthem. We formed a second procession, and passed into tlie banquet ing hall of the old castle. I was con scious of the strains of an orchestra playing one of Gungl’s waltzes; a blaze of bright light almost blinded my eyes; the scent of flowers from the groaning tables was overpow'ering. I took a seat as a man wralking in his sleep, and when I had recovered my self the banquet had begun. There w-ere fifty men, perhaps, in the remn, and all wrere Turkish. The Gover nor, whose black frock coat glittered with medals; and whose vest was ablaze with superb diamonds, had “her Ma jesty” upon his right hand in a great chair, which almost swallowed “Solo mon.” Of the others, some wore curi ous skirts of black cloth, some of the quaint uniforms of the Turkish army, some the plain frock coats of the West. But the vests of all were embroidered with jewels; all canted jewelled swords and even daggers, in the hilts of which diamonds blazed. As for the food, many of the dishes were purely Turkish, and equally nauseous to the Westem palate. But there were fish from the Adriatic, and the invariable “poulet” of an Aus trian menu; . and the wines were good and sound, which is more than can be said for many of the wines of Austria. I note these tilings, possibly because I endeavored, in an effort to forget the dangers of tlie moment, to occupy my self with them rather than with my neighbors. They had placed me next to the skipper at tlie right hand end of the high table. Therefrom I could see “her Majesty,” who, I am ashamed to say, made for my benefit an absurd gri mace the first time our eyes met. As for the doctor, he was drinking the wine of Karos in a disgraceful way. Even old Jack noticed it, and was alarmed. “Man, ’tis dreadful,;’ he whispered to me; “lie’s at his second bottle, and ‘So lomon’s’ as bad. We’ll be taking them back upon a shutter—and what then?” “Jack,” said I, “never mind that—it’s going tlirough; I feel it in the air. Take another glass of champagne, man. As for ‘Solomon,’ the Empress will have to bring an -action against him for defama tion of character. It’s lucky the com pany can’t see his boots!” He did not answer me, for the old Tur kish Governor rose at the moment, and a hush fell upon the room. Hardly was ihe orator upon his feet when the deep boom of a gun, rolling up from the har bor, made old Jack sit bolt upright and nearly shook the glass from my hand. The windows of the banqueting hall, in which we were, permitted us to see the oiling and the lights of distant islands. Never in my life shall I forget that mo ment w-hen it permitted us also to see the trail of a rocket as it flared up and burst in a shower of glowing color above the sleeping Adriatic. “Groat thunder.” said the skipper, and so loudly that a Turk at liis elbow turn ed to stare at him, “there’s another ship in the ofling!” I said nothing. It was as though some body had poured cold water down my back. When I looked at “her Majesty” again, she was leaning back in her chair listening to the eloquent speech of the Governor, of which neither she nor the rest of us understood a word. Doctor Kent had half risen to his feet, but he sat down again. I heard old Jack’s words, and they sounded as the sentence of a judge. “It will be the Empress herself—she’s come, after all." “What’s to be done. Jack?” I whis pered, though my tongue stuck to the roof of my mouth. “Wait until I give the signal, and then run for it,” said he. -“I’m going to send a note to ‘Solomon’.” The Turkish Governor raised his glass, and we all stood to. drink the health of Her Majesty, the Empress of Austria. | When wo sat down, and the band had ■ finished the anthem, the skipper sat back ! in his chair as one face to face with an •ancestral ghost. "H“)y saints,” lie said, “he's got a 1 looked at Edmund Boss, and realised the awful truth. In a moment ox ab straction he had pulled out his cigar case. I think that I aged ten years in that minute. “That's the end of it,” said I—the door cf a prison seemed 'already to have clos ed upon me. “Eedad and it is,” replied old Jack, very earnestly, “for here's the Prefect himself.” _ Pointed to the gallery where the nddlers sat. There, sure enough, stood I tne Austrian Prefect I had seen in Earn. Tie was rocking to and fro upon his heels, as though seized with an illness. And close behind him was the aide-de camp at whose wish we had set out for Karos. The young soldier held to the balustrade of the gallery to keep himself from falling over. He was blue in the face with laughing. Titus. I say, at our end of the table. At the other, speechless confusion reigned. There sat the Governor staring his eyes out at the cigar which Boss held in a shamefaced way, as one who.would say. “1 didn’t mean to smoke it, gentlemen.” The hand had begun to play a selection from Carmen, but mingling with the lilt ing music of Bizet'was 'the thunder of gi/ns in the.buy below. I-knew well enough what that thunder meant. It was the Italian gunboat saluting the real Empress! “Skipper,” said I, suddenly, “you may do what you like; I'm going.’’ I rose from my chair, excitedly, at the very moment When “Her Majesty” had risen from hers. A hush fell upon the room. All the Turks at the high-table were saluting “Solomon” with a gravity indescribable, and in a way terrible. He left the room slowly, holding the cigar still between his fingers. Kent was on his heels; but before the skipper and I could reach the exit, a tremendous voice sang out in German, "Lock the doors.” What more was said I do not know; a wild scene of confusion drowned the words. Austrian officers, Turkish troopers, the police of Karos, rushed to gether into the room. Men stood upon the table and gesticulated; the band con tinued to play discordantly. I saw a number of Turks ran towards me, and then, with a suddenness I could not rea lise, the lamps above me went tint, and I stood in darkness. It would be idle for me to attempt to describe the moments which followed.. No concatenation of sounds I have heard in all my days resembled in any way the pandemonium of the great banquet ing hall of Karos. Cries of terror,shrieks of laughter, prayers, the crash of glass, oaths in five languages, a wild turmoil and press, the terrible rocking to and fro of a mob, blows and answering blows, the fierce fight for liberty and light—it was this, and more than this, for the company was Eastern, and fife is cheap in the Adriatic. For myself. X thought that they would pull me to pieces. Now carried high upon the shoulders of men; now battling for breath, striking, kicking; but, above all, listening ever to the ringing voice of old Jack, I was dragged with him, hand locked in hand, now up on the platform, back again to the orchestra, to and fro as a ball in play. Blows of lusty fists fell upon my back—I did not feel them; my clothes were stripped from me as bark from a tree—the absence of them freed my limbs. Gradually the sounds in my ears were so magnified that I lost sense of the real sounds in the room, and heard only this buzzing of blood in the head. When that ceased at last, the press ceased with it. A strong light half blinded me; I still held old Jack’s arm,, and he was alone witli me in anew room. - . ’ : • The'work of an instant—an accident, if you will, which saved our lives! I did not know then how it came about, but I know now. Almost at the steps leading up to the orchestra there was a small door, used solely by the musi cians. No one had thought of locking this when the other doors were locked. Indeed, it remained shut, but not latched. Old Jack espied the glimmer of light as the mob carried us up and down the room in its rage and confusion, and his great strength, exerted super humanly for a moment, opened the door, and dragged me through with him. By a heaven-sent opportunity, the key chanced to be outside. We turned it, and stood to breathe—as foxes that have thrown the hounds off the scent—in a brightly lighted ante room, where the musicians left their coats. Behind us was the roar of the angry Turk in the darkened banqueting hall; before us there was liberty and the yacht if we could but find the way. If, indeed!' We knew that we were in the very heart of the fortress; that at every gate there stood a sentry; that the drop from the walls of the castle to the city below was five hundred feet. The mo ment's liberty seemed ah irony beyond endurance. We could not realise that we stood alone. Old Jack was the first to speak. I saw him run to the window of the room and look out. He returned in a minute with the color back in his face again. “ ’Tis the kitchen court and houses be low the walls,” said he; “we’ll make a jump for it. Pick up a coat, man. Ye’re as bare as a pole. And bring your courage with you—ye’ll want it this night.” He hastened, without compunction, to clothe himself in one of the coats the musicians had left. I imitated him, and found myself presently garbed in a wild garment, with astrakhan upon the col lar and cuffs of it. We quitted the ante-room by a little passage, and came out in a narrow court bounded by the ramparts of the castle. Jack sprang upon the wall and looked down. When I was at his side, I saw that the thatch ed gable of a house thrust itself o.ut per haps twenty feet below us. The sea front of the fortress, it appeared, was the one where the drop was sheer. Here, at tiie rear, the hill was sloping and gradual. I said that if we could make that roof we could make the yacht. Again an if! “I’m going to jump,” said Jack, cut ting short my meditations. He braced himself up for an instant— then all his muscles relaxed and he stood limp. It was not the place you would have chosen to laugh loudly, but the skipper stood there and roared. When lie could speak, he dragged me up and pointed to a tortuous street in the town far below us. I looked down to see a mob, howling, gesticulating, fighting for place. A hundred yards ahead.of the mob was “Solomon” Boss himself. “The Empress” was running as men run for cups. Her skirts were high in the air. Her bodice had come off and was held out in one hand. The boots, the un surpassable boots, were flying over the fiugs, urged by the sonorous voice of Doctor Kent, who nov%- lacked both [ sword and helmet. The skipper roared, I say. I thought , that he would have fallen headlong. The excitement of the chase shut his eyes to our own danger. He began to bawl en | couragemcnt' to '“Solomon." but at the second word we heard a sharp cry be ( hind us, and when we turned, the court L was full of Turks. “Jump, jump for your life!” he cried. He waited no longer, but sprang f wildly for the roof below!. As I fol lowed him, I remember a curious 1 thought that came to me — how, if T missed the root and went hurling down to the terrible depths below! Slight as the drop was. I seemed to remain sus pended tor long moments in the air. When I struck the roof, it was with mj" left shoulder, which buried itself deep in the thatch. Then I heard the skip per’s voice as he pulled me to my feet. “Are ye hurt, man? Faith, ’tis nc* place to be doctored. We’ll just jump again, and be hanged to them. There's the street below and the way to the The way was there right-enough, but a hundred Turks now barred it. I shook the straw from my shoulders, and crawl ed to the gutter of the roof. A blaze of torchlight met my eyes; the \yhole street was full of men who shouted savagely when they saw us. In the nearer dark ness. I could just distinguish a dormer window. Tt was.the window of a neigh boring house, and it seemed our last chance. . “Jack," said I. “it's the window or no thing. Thevqi hide us for a'sovereign— if you’ve got one.” “Devil a .shilling," said he; “the money’s gone with my coat." “Then we’ll owe it them,” I went on; - “look yonder, they are making a rope fast.” It was as I said. Tiie men above were making fast a rope to the ramparts. The men below were howling like wild beasts: The window was our only hav en: I crawled to it as'stones began to shower on the thatch.: It opened to my knock, and a woman's face was thrust ' out — the face' of a young girl, 'pjrelty ; and picturesque, yet wild with terror. For a moment her black eyes surveyed me wonderingly. Then she screamed with terror and shut the lattice in my face. - • “The Lord be good to us,” cried old Jack, “we’ve stumbled on the harem!” . Dumfounded beyond words, we sank at the foot of the window. There were, lights in the room now. and we watched other women quickly veiling themselves. In the street, below the cries and shouts were incessant. T could see torches up on the ramparts and hear the voices of men. I knew that five minutes, ten, might not find us living. Yet, even in that supreme moment it was still a jest to me. I could not believe in the reality of it. As for old Jack, he iaughed like a child. His mind was uponrthings neither above nor below. “The boots av him — holy saints; the boots . , av him!”- he repeated again and again. . He was think ing of “Solomon” Ross as “her Majesty" racing for life through the streets of Karos. I write that we did not realise It. yet God alone knows how near to death we were that night. To this hour I dream in my sleep of the moment when the up roar in the street culminated, and lan terns at the very edge of the ramparts showed us the figure of a man as the. rope lowered him to our roof. So power ful then was the impulse to wild, un reasoning flight that I flung myself at the dormer window and crashed it open. I remember the rugged, fierce faces which looked up to mine as the window fleiv back and Turks with sabres in their hands came swarming up the roof. I recollect old Jack’s hoarse cry as he drew back to the shelter of the ramparts almost into the arms of the man who had come down the rope. The terrible sense of pursuit is saill to be realised. I can hear again a loud voice crying out in German, “Halt.” I can see the angry Turks stop suddenly. Even the figure of the Austrian officer, who had come down to our side, is before me. For the rope had sent to us her Majesty’s aide de-camp—the man for whose sake ve had come Karos. “Halt,” he cried again and again. wav [ Ing his'sword above his head. The mob drew back, seeing the green and - gold * uniform. Troopers and Austrian seamen swung themselves down the rope to the little officers side. They formed a guard round us. They beat the Turks back and hustled us through the dormer window of the house to the staircase and the street. Explaining nothing, silently, yet with explosions of laughter which nothing would keep baqlc, they took us to a ship's boat waiting at the quay, and commanded us to enter.- Twenty minutes afterwards the skipper and I, black as sweeps, torn, dusted, cut, were awaiting our sentence in a private cabin upon the Empress’s yacht. The aide-de-camp had left us alone in. the' cabin while he and another of the suite consulted her Majesty. Two more shamefaced men never set foot on a ship. We'sat there like guilty children. What was going to happen to us—whether im prisonment in an Austrian prison or a punishment at the hands of the Gover nor of Karos—I knew no more than the dead. My head was dizzy—the cries still seemed to ring in my ears. The events of the night were as a terrible dream. Yet even then I could laugh at them. “Jack,” said I, “why don’t you speak? What are you thinking of?" “Of ‘Solomon’s’ boots,” he replied with, absurd gravity. . “ You’re incurable, Jack. What about ourselves? What are they going to do with us?” j He shrugged his shoulders. “Twelve months in a fortress, perhaps —perhaps two years.”. The aide-de-camp entered the room at that moment. A smile was on, his face. Our pitiable position seemed to aanuse “Gentlemen,” he said -with feigned severity, ‘T fear her Majesty refuses to . see you.” Jack cast his eyes down and sighed. “ ’Tis very hard on us,” he said. “She refuses to see you, gentlemen,” continued the aide-de-camp severely,” “until you are accompanied by the per son in the green dress, who has recently made himself notorious in Karos. He is to present himself upon this yacht at twelve o’clock to-morrow in the cos tume ho wore this evening. You quite understand, gentlemen;, then you may now return to your own shin.'' We rose together. A boa t was wait ing for us at the gangway. I have never seen such a line of grinning faces as that shown by the crew of her Majesty’s yaclit when we left it. Five minutes later we climbed upon the deck of the Golden Fleece, and Edmund Ross and Doctor Kent were there to receive us. “They’ve told you?” cried “Solomon.” “The Empress is nearly dead with, laughing. We shall go aboard yonder at twelve o’clock to-morrow in the green toggery you carried to-night.” Edmund Ross blushed to the roots of his hair. “I wouldn’t go for a thousand.” he said. “But you’ll go for mo it I carry you. there,” said old Jack.—-Max Pemberton, in “Cassell s Magazine. An extraordinary occurrence took place at Esher last month. A funeral attended the parish churchyard at four o’clock, but neither rector nor curate ap peared, and after scouring the village over an hour, the curate hurried up to the church. Meanwhile the mourners remained in the carriages, insisting that the corpse should be met at 'the entrance of the churchyard in tho ordinary way. Everybody shivered with cold, and, in. order to guide the mourners, candles were placed on tombstones and round the-grave. Of the 51.000 breweries in the world* 20,000 are in Germany. 