Uleillrojlu Concert. . A correspondent write :--On W\Ydnes-. da?'"evdning a ta-lmeeting and concert in ald of lta parsonage funds of the Church of Enpland at Glenrowan, was hold int the Cordon hall. There was a good attendance, the tablesweroewell provisioned, tleohall neat ly decorated oand full justice wao done to the victuals provided by the ladies of the denoe miniation indicated. In the absence of tihe Rev. L. Vanncs, who was unable to attend owing to the illness of his wife, Mr Robin. son took the chair at the concert, and, in an appropriate speech, apologised for the ab scncoof the pastor. The first item on the progranmme was an overturo (pianoforte) by Mises Iall whllel was well received, ouc ceeded' by Mliss Davidseon, who rendered "My Cavalier" with good effect. A duet, "Life's Dream is O'er," by the Misses Bryant and Ashworth was thoroughly appreciated and Mr Moore (Milawa) eang "When George the IV was King" followed by Mliss Al. Hall whose fine con. tralto voice was heard to full advan tage in "The Valley by the Sea." The next part of the prograemne consisted of a ventriloquial sketch, by Mr George Eurian (the Wandering Mlinstrel) which caused great amuseeantl, chiefly amongst the juveniles. Miss Ashworth next sang "The old Country" very sweetly. AMr Gib son's rendition of " Paltdy Leary" created loud epplause. Miss Whitehead was deser vedly appauled for singing "In the dear fonme land.'! AMr ariian sang " Sentenced to Death" which was received with great acclamation, lMiss Cox (Taminickl) .followed with " The Last Mile Stone," which was sung very sweetly. Mr F. T. Moore sang "An Orrible Ta'le," Mir Simpson, "I{ome 1Boys lome," and Mir Fred Briggs, "Pat Malone." Each vocalist being well received by the audience. Mhr G. ]u'rian's comic song. " Another Color Now," caused roars of laughter. Mliss L. Reynolds was 'the rceipient of an encore for singing "Bide A Wee." A few more senti mental and comnic songs by Messrs IBriggs, ]ilurinn, and Simpson, succeeded by a farce, eititled "The Ghost," brought a very en. joyable evening to a close. The chairman on behalf of the guardians of St. Pauil's Church thanked the audienes for their patronage, proposing a hearty vote of thanks to the various ladies and gentlemen awho contributed vocal and instrumental music also the ladies who carried the afllfir to s such i sicessful issue. 