. ? '? : lJ:^ffiM#lj^s$^&-j^^r:;; The lhst, great day- of - the ?lC6n yen tion,. has : come and gone, and one wishes for the pen of an angel to write the records of : tlioseglorious and cver-to-be-reineiiibered ; meetings.'; ; Friday/ was the best day .of, all, the, evening and after noon sessions being given '?' up to the subjects of ' Foreign fields.' Some of the dearest of God's people assembled at the morning meeting, and; listened with delight, not unmingled with sorrow, to a beautiful address by Rev. Father Watsford, who spoke from Acts i. 8, and other: passages. Briefty summarised he said that the disciples got the command, received the power and went forth to preach, and preaching were, ?though persecuted,' scattered abroad so th'a't'the Gospel was thus carried to the then known uttermost parts of the woi'id. Working on ward in -his remarks to the present day, henaicl that Christianity stood on two legs— Home and Foreign Missions ; and if one was neglected, the other suffered. While he deplored the fact that there were still eight hundred millions who had never heard of Jesus, j-et he thanked God for what had been done. Sixty years ago men had said Christianity would never live in India or China, but he rejoiced to know that in each of these lands hundreds of missionaries were preaching the unsearchable riches ' of ?Christ. When he was working In Fiji as a missionary, a mighty and extensive work had beeu done in that dark land, and he would never forget one savage cannibal getting saved there, who rushed out from the penitent form ?crying, :t Let me go ! my heart is on fire; let me tell my frierids and bring them in.' Closing, Mi. Watsfoid piaycd that we might have the spnit ol the com ei ted sa\age and go out and bring them in. At the end of his address a laige communion seivice was held, the Rev. S. C. Kent piesidmg. and waiting at the cross in the breaking of bread, our hearts got into closci touch with the Man of bonows. the Chnst oi Calvaiy, who was the magnet to bring togethei . Anglicans, Piesbyteiians, Wes leyans, Baptists, and othei deal biethien '-all one in Christ Jesus.' The Rev. Allen Webb followed, and in his beautifully bimple, yet logic.il way. spoke fiom Eph, v. 18-19. Bio Webb has been made a great blessing dining the Convention, and many lcjoice that the Loidbi ought him o\ci, to speak fiom hi& he.ait to the heaits ol the people. The business men's meeting was led by Rev. W. G. Tayloi (Supei. ot the OMM), who. m his usual sympathetic and inteicsting way, united the iioot with the platfoim in asking toi texts iiom any business men piesent. and many responded. The Rev A.Webb l earl and spoke from Gen. xhx 21, and gave a veiy mteicsting .and helpiul addiess on Naphtali — a hind — a hind let loose — he giveth goodly woids.' Gioups of people began to collect foi the .afternoon meeting almost betoic the mid-day was ovei, and, when 3 o'clock aimed theie was ?.a large number pi csent in the hall which was hung lound with vanous chagiains. compaimg the state of thefoieign field with the homeland. In india, one said, ''Tlnee hundicd millions population heathen ; two millions piofessmg Christians.' In India, anothei said, ''One missionaiy to eveiy 180 ministcis in N. S. W.' In the centre of all huns- a Cioss which was ?enciiclerl by a vital question, 'How much owest thou ?' 'li'ai, fai away in heathen daikness dwelling' was the hymn sung by hundiedsof voices and it was followed by a foicible address by the Rev. B. Danks, an eistwhile misbionaiy of New Butain whose heait is still on file for the heathen. His arguments were very con vincing and his personal knowledge of God's keeping power was very helpful to any who doubt God's power over the darkest souls. Miss Barin followed, and in an unassuming way spoke of her love for China and her work there, and read extracts from letters she had received from missionaries in that field. Bro. Fricker, who °is working amongst the kanakas in Queensland, then gave a most interesting and lucid account of the work done amongst the natives of the New Hebrides and Solomon Islands, who were working on the plantations in Queensland. Thc^Rev. D. ,,0'Donncll, who occupied the chairpstateci that the morning and afternoon collections would be given to Foreign Mission work, and he had faith to believe God would incline the, people's hearts to give not only gold and silver coins, but also gold and silver articles of jewellery, and it ; is interesting to note that , his ?:? faith ; and the faith of his brethren was rewarded. Many of the friends stayed to the tea, arranged by the mission sisters in the building, and they well deserved the thanks accorded them for their toil hi preparing it for the four evenings of the Convention. An interval meeting followed the tea, and was led by the Rev; Danks, arid then the people nocked in for the' evening meeting. Great expectations were ^ felt; regarding the evening meeting— the : last ion ' 'the last great day of the 'feast.' 'The floor of the building was filled, and^a large number sat in the first gallery, and it 'was noticeable how eagerly they hung on the speakers' words. The Rev. W. Dill-Macky led us in prayer, and after another hymn Dr. Porter rose to speak. He has a big heart, and it is full of love, a love which was evidenced, in his desire to help. Gorl, he said, was ready, to do for him and for his heavers all that a God could do, and a soul who fully sur rendered to Jesus would soon find it could walk upon the .water. Showing up the Weakness of human nature and- the nothingness of the 'I,' the Dr. revealed the beauty of Christ as the soul's portion. Not a ' blessing,' but Chritt — His love, His giace, His joy in us. ' '? Lord, Thy ransomed Church is Waking, ' was the hymn we sang next, and as we sang we piaisedHnn foi 'the glad showei ' which had fallen, and waited in'faith for the next. The Rev. D. O'Donnell delivered the closing address, taking for his subject the 13th chapter of John, and m an excellent addiess sketched out the events of that soul-moving time, when Jesus, the King of Gloiy, gilded IlimselE as a sl.ave and washed the feet of His disciples. 'Oh. wondious stoiy oL deathless love.' What they had not clone foi each other oi ioi Him, He did foi them. But all that had happened before Pentecost. Another scene lelened to by the speakor was in the uppei room (doubtless the same room) at the advent ot the Holy Ghost. But Jesus was not theie. How gladly then would the- disciples have washed His feet, but it. was -too. late.. And the tiagedy oi life lay alwayb in what ' might have been.' But Pentecost had come, the disciples had leceivedthe powei. and now they went foith to lepiesent and live as Chnst. Then lite became a hie o£ toil and peisecution. such a lilts Ui.it nothing but Pentecost could have fitted them for. Passing on to speak moie paiticulaily of St. Paul. Mr. O Donnell paused at the state ment he (Paul) had made that the suilenngs- ot this present time were not worthy to be com paiccl with the gloiy which should be levealed. The devil doubtless had heaul Paul say that and detei mined he would give him a chance to pio^eit And so peisecutions and lmpnson ments. flogging .and stoning had fallen upon the gieat saint, but m spite of all he had still leckoned that the sufleungs wcie not woithy to be compaied to the gloiy. Oh ' how few Pauls theie aie. How little we suffer to-day. But many, said the speaker, had not received their Pentecost. Anothei song, anothei prayer, another look beyond earth to heaven, and the meeting closed— the Convention was over 1 ' Oh. it was .sublime,' said one true soul, ' I got just what I wanted.' And so we believe many another soul can say. The Convention had meant much work behind the scenes, much toil for busy workers, but God has special blessings for those behind the scenes, those whom He can trust out of s'njht, and those special blessings we believe were given and joyfully received. Counsel (to witness, the father of a family) — ' Why are you so certain, Mr. Smith, that the event occurred on such a date ? May you not be mistaken ?' 'Witness— '? Impossible, sir. It was the day I didn't have to buy any of my children a pair of shoes.' : * * * Mr. Eomanz — ' I tell you what, a baby brightens up the house, and that's a fact.' Mr. Practickel— ?' Yes ; we've had to keep the gas burning all night ever since ours was horn.' * * Cook (on the day after her arrival) — ' Please, mum, I'm a bit fiery at times and when I am fiery I'm apt to be a bit rough spoken ; but you needn't let that put you about — with a little present you can always bring me round again.' The Judge had never taken a Turkish bath, but he was not feeling his best that morning, and it suddenly occurred to him to test its vivifying effects, bo enthusias tically descanted on by his young friends. It seemed to the Judge that the rubber was terribly rough, but, fearing to expose his inexperience and subject himself to ridicule by objecting to the regular treatment, he patiently endured being punched, pum melled, slapped, spanked, whacked, and poked; until he could not stand the torture a moment longer. ' Is it qui-te— neces-sary —to— make— me — black— and — blue— all — ov-ver?' panted the Judge, as irregularly as the rubber dug his fists in more or less vigorously. ' Never you mind ; I'm fixin1 you,' responded the rubber, redoiibling his assaults, and grinning diabolically — at least so it seemed to the Judge. ' Who (slap, groan) are (thud, groan) you?' gasped the Judge, a horrible suspicion dawning on his mind. ' Your (whack, groan) face (thump, groan) does (whack, groan) look (slap, groan) fa— (thud, groan)— miliar ' (swish, groan). Oh ! you remember me, do you?'1 growled the rubber sarcastically. ' Well, dash yer old hide, mebbe you'd like to send me up for six months again ior prize fightin1 !' — Harper's Magazine. 