GOULBURN ELECTION. MR. BABIR ETT'S MEETING. Ox Monday eveninlg Mr.cBarrett spolkeo ia bthe Oddfellowes' Hall to stoout 900, incloding a number of ladies. The audlence frequently applauded the speaker, who reoeived a good hearig Tio Mayor presided and wao sap, ported on the platform by members of the Federal League andr.. others .ho favor Mr. Barrett's e~ndidatule. The chrtirmran aild apologies had been received from Meesrs. Finlay anod'8. Meyer, who were unable to be present. The gentle. man to speak trt evening was well koowa He was a native of the city,; and had on two prelviops oceariuns cotestrd its represcr. Iationo, and hadserved well as an aidermeon. II Mr. Barret were retorredh'e woulnid rel-ot bonornot only on Goolboln, the placeo of his birth, bat on tooe caloby generally. He was recognised as bsavinrg opinronsof his own. Be (the Msayo) hoped that meeting would allow Mr. Barrett Ihe sameimpartial hearing that was given to Mr, Aebhtoo, hie opponent, last week. Mr, Barrett, who was received with aop. planss, said the cordial weloomo just ao0rded him was encouraginug in the fight he had undertaken. Some objected to his comlng forward; hbut by doing so be helped to keep the city prominontly before the eolony, whbilo a wolk.over would imply that manhood was dead and that all were afrlaid totn meet a cettain rgsouiaatlion which tried to domloataie aoily. He was willling to admit that purity of action governed those opposed to him, but be clilmed the same for himself; and he loft it to tbo electors to iloide whether.that organi. sation were going to return whoever it pleased, He would however remind the electors that if they were not crrefol theymlght some day fin& a member pat upon thnrmfoewhom they could have no respeat. Mr. Asblton was a man of good parte, and he. (Mr. Barrett) would not say anythling derogatory about him, baut let the people settle their rospretive claims on the 27t1r. This ohmpaign would stand out prominently in the politles of Aoae trallia, and becomu a monument of the cen tnry. It would deterrine the probabilities o Auatralian ,dvancement or keep. her back for the next twenty years ie the miserable poeition abe oacnplia to.day, In aeserting this ha was not making an ettatk on the policy 'of' any partieolarparty nto the parliament or in the city; but ho claimed that 'the preent poai. tlion weas dilasetioa. It may be that the publia revenaue shows an inereae; hbut it is a feeot that our private revenes are anything but flourisbing, Though federation had been for some time before the people, it was etill the main quasetion of this contest whether they would obtain it or notl In the early ftiles that grand old man, Dr, Loog, perceivr ing thbo great ftrotae which was before Aus. traleia advocated federatioi. Hoeis dead, and federation has not yet been neaompliahod. others have anoo taken up the querstio, most notably Sir George Grey (applnase), one of the stianchest fighters for the rights of the people who had endorsed the oplulon that a great Inture was before federated Aesltralis. The trouble was would the people obtain a eroneati tation wbhih wauld allow free play to national ideas, uand glve free play to national aspirae tions. When the bill was drafted by theo confereno of 1891 he selated that with two or throe amendments it fulfilled his idea of the constitution necessary to raise Australia into the position she was enotitled to. It was strange that lMeesre.Ashton, McLean, and Millen ptao Ilslly acceptad the bill of 1891, vhello now they denounoe that of 1898, which notwitb. standing the ourse hurtlod at it was more liberal thben tlhat of 1891. It wan evident to him thlat lthsro gentlemen wenled no kiod of fcderatoion and before long the people would tied it out to be so. II he desired be could bring witnlesees on that platfolrm and convict Ibrm out of their own months thatr they say privately they do not want fedora. tiou ot all; but thie people hove dtciared with no unoerolin eound Ihi they desaro to have federation, and these gentls men should be made toleavre uol this ahooting from behind the hedges and let the electores irrnow whether they are genruine in theiir bjeations to the bill. It was quite pDossible ior honest dilffenrnces of opinion to exist; bht prolfesionael roliticiaou feared f ederation boeuao is meant losing the number of their mroes. and the £6 per weekl atntached, lie (MIr. Uarrett) had had the flo~tnsre of easrieg Bir Henry Parlser's atter. nuoe weon he spoke Iot in Goolburo (upplaure), and notwithsetnuding niall tie bril. liant sprecies made since upon fIderatioo, none of Ithem rlqalld hie in shoting tIe poe. sithilitils before a federated Ausrrhha; yet in 1805 no less omnn than Mr. Joseph orok, the poesmaster geoutral, toud beflore n audleneo. and said to hise digaeee that Sir Henry i had played tbhe war bogy for all it was worth. Mr. Coouk might be capable of tmanaging thebo military forces; but ie bad not ytr developed the capacity of the statesman he had maligned in governaugo the laffairs of thIe slate. ,Ir. John IHaynsr in the iutereet of tbo govern. ment had gonuu Ihrough the country mnosing federation a kind of oirero showr, and ridieol. leg tho idea of the oolhuiea being invaded, lind raided by a foreign fou ; but thie rihk had been preaetioally admitted by tie Lords of thie Admiralty, whu wero ouppcsed to have roae nequoniotano3 will te eurjeclt, anrd who had ueid that in the event of Eogeind becoming embroiled in thl east, tbeoe colo. ioe wonuld be lef tor look nfter themeelveoo. At the last eleearon this soeslled fedreel governtouent of N.I8 W. wonld not allow Sir Henry, bho praotleial lasder of feloderation to enter parliamout to oarry on thlo battle to victory, boas?? throy lhad not dvoIeloped tbo Epirit of fderatlion Whteh thu peoplou had eioce forced upoun them, Sir Honry was dead and federation was not yet necaom plishedr. Still umong thbo ratee of fudern. liato wns Dr. levan whrose masterly addreer in that ball a few weoeks ago wans so much prreciateid; then thereo was Pro. IeSeor Gi.a. oon ohl elbourno Uuivereiiy, athno at thie liathbral eonvertrion gave an excellent speeoh; but unlortunately hie wues a Viuto. rian, and er mighlt be deaignaltd osne of riboe " wolcas" they bad heard so muoi about. Another, lwho lad a I lcao reaord, and ihas by hris gre~t abilly foreod the goverrment to push on federation wna Mr. 1erton. (Ap. pilauae.) Ilo was going to lead thie sovenrent to victory, norld It would be en honor to ecrva under snch a lendar. (Apl~lisnaP.) l lint been maligned by Mr. Want and cthers, be. caose hie had lnrt isuhIeILd thie qIleCtion Iwhen ocaupying a eat tnl tihe gouernarent ftorU 1891 ti 1891; but thie lPeolle wseo not tbn so edietedll oer tsie atntelhr n? they rel n norw, ond all pelblia m0ovetmnta wvers of closv g:rowthi; but there eCero bcolna whio wero do. sioun to k'eep back this eniject fr aroter rr Itwriosy yr 8s; it lld thlire colony oitld Iuechi to Isr. linortis for phlacitll it it ilhe fourelronll of thie Ioliiical qsls tioi s ci tihe day. (AI. luia.e,) 'd'hI're ws oathir r wsloe pOn u Ier ao I lc idor cil t h e friecal sII y, bl u lrn prils ir Ior thi r l ddillsll ig Io n lt ie e'hIis Iil it cIrled Mr. l id (r ilaulssrli tlr r noryen' h3 d tIr t ii pa go si rt'sc rdi oiill tihs qi uls elnr, It wase aey we'll Io reorreis Mr. ibelon iriers 0s sn r, lpihis i i s 1 . rel u in leiss his l ii s isi tr in viasl u y s id lri I i llr l ir , ti i i t llsll llli i' lll irlrl rr riira. l hist i tirin ce ii dI onsi e les Jlsi b tii liists' hiy lerl hI hih tireiih i i si ltll ll 'buti still voinyti ftr i I rhin hsort a it irs irt t e i rnslirbhsi i i?- r f hir i tr sr ihi , liii i , l:s hi t5i 55 1i5pid thiit slia stlisrils isg sirlit Iit ' e'oih er'l, l l i lir ttiss il ly sheir in' g tins tiiosvinnii Alf, thil i, w a rly Uor ltrrrerrlirrv, i tll e I hiltell lt iitis i nt bill r tire clisa sle rf lieh oe svllellslrr it i bulbirrig io h ftil I l lit IRl i,. lary to the man he ih now bitterly oppeeicg. This ooold not be rxplaintd, except as another manifestation of thebo no.yes policy. It wars a shamse that a premiar should deeend to personal attacke inslotead of fightloing for priselplec. fI (Mr. Barrett) considered the government tood eondemnued for not soizi;ng the opportunity of baring eo important a question settled, and more especially beenasae of the sitting.on.the.rail adopted by aome members of the cabionet. It had been stated in the face of deniale thathel?ederal League had brought the premier to oatlbarn to speak on the Conventiont Bill; be wicbed again once for all to give that statement a fiat denial; he was not broughLt here by the league (Applanre. Mr. A Norman: The league did not choose you either.) In reply to that remark efrom the North Ooulbarn ghost (laughter) be would say that not only was he selected by the Ooolburn league, bht also by that in Sydney. (Applause.) They could have fonod a more able man ; but he had not yet adopted the idea held by a certatlo sectio in Goalburn that you moat worship a man whobu ha been raised by them to a posi. tion; be was too great a demoorat for esoh an idea, Mr. Barrett then affrmed that the fiing of any minimum vote for bthe scoept. anone of the O0mmonwealth Bill was an In. fringement of majority rule. He eupressed the hope' that those members who had the minimum increased would reooeive their de. aerved rejection from publio life on the 27th. Be opposed the proposal to federalize the railways as being too complea to be dealt with huorriedly. He pointed out that Mr. Beid had three time changed his opinion on thi eobjoct first advocating it, then oppositg it, and 0ow gain ienpportiag it, showing that be had no mind on the eubjeet. Mr. Brretf advocated the federalizing of tile debts, tie cause it could be ffected on paper, and would cause a eanveing of '00,000 a year, !e spoke of the advantages derivable from federation' rnd olaimed that it msattered little to N.S W. where the politiesal aspial was placed, because Sydney from its importanceanod magnificent barbour woold ptieatlelly be the capital Of federated Australi. Of all the coloanies, from her great richnerss. N.8.W. had the most to gasin from a union. Be oleimed that the principle of the senate being elected by the people first foght for in theo Bathuret con. vention was the beat remedy for any defeate to be found in the bill of 1898, and it was to their diegraee that the demoorats of N 8.W. had in parliament robbed the people of it by iocreasing the minimum vote. But while the bill wae a reasonable one still Mr. Barton was jaustified in reoogoieing the wishes of the large minority by ootneeting to its amend. ment. Much had been said about Braddon'a blot, and speakers and a. erotion of the preess told the people that nondor it they would be unduly taxed without obtaining any benefit. This was a ilful misslatement, beanueo the peoplo had the power in their own hands to -ompel the treaseurer to relieve them from taxation in another fotm. These pedple said the treasurer would absorb the surplus with out giving any relief; but they did not say that it could be applied to paying off the debt and thusin reliere the peopleo from having to pay theo Interest. Thole who condemned the bill alowed it to the people through'a glees magnilyieg all the deflclts and minimisiog its benefits, Mr., Barrett then procoeded to substantiato his statements by the reading ol extracts from offiial reoords and newspapers. .The labor party ee said could not disguise thuir anti- federIal feeling, but he thought that on the 27thb they rwould finod they had mis red tbhe signeoL thotimes. eonuse they had not been eleoled as delegates to the concu. tion they had determined to wreok federation at all coat, and he (iMr, Brrett) thought there were a great many others in the same boot. Mr. Bartett eaid he would like to give them a few opinions by Mr. Reid. Hle wanted to convince these men out of their own months. Mr. Barrett here read extratle from epeehooe delivered by Mr Reid; the first on tho 28th IMarch was n follows :-"I wish to pay a special tribute of admiration to the loeader of the convention. In that capacity I meet not forget one of my oldest friends, who wee at Mr. Itrton'o right hand on that oa. easion, and is at hie right on this-I mean Mr. Ritlnrd O'Oonnor." The second extract was from a speech of Mr. Reid delivered on 4th July instant as follows:--"I never believed it possible that a number of men who had sat in the convention as Mloteasre. Barton, O'Ounor, and Wise, could bare stumped thia eruotey nod have made the speecheo they did, whilc coming frommen ofI another colony you conld forgive, but as coming from repreventtiero and truoted men of this colony amontced to a practical con. spirnacy to trade upon the noblest impnlesa and feelincgs of the people of this conntry." 01 thee two opinco?s, expreseed within a few months of each other, one must necessarily be wrong. Which wae it Waes it the opinionl given at the cloeo of the conrvention whoo Mr. Bateon saod with the finished hill, the result of hibe labore in his hand? or was it the one expresPed a few days ago, when Mr. Barton beecemo Mr. Reid's politiaol oponent ? Cli urged tis leaters to thiuk anti speak for themselves as men. (Applause.) A well-known andl respected business man in Goulburn, lwhoso opinions all woild valuoe, hald that day expressedtl himself on federation as followse : " I nation, 1 flag, 1 ruling power, 1 army and navy, 1 credit, 1 borrowing power.--A cheapenitng of our loans that wtrill go a long way to pay any extra coat of government. Without unity we are at any time eubject to invaston and if wo are not preparend for attack and able to defend our hearths and hiomes we may be saddled with a ransom of many millions that will tlhe us years to pay. Fortnnately we have so far ren free of attack, but whoi can say how near thie day nmaty be that a blow will be strnck at Aues. tralia's independence. Yet thlose who are entrulsted with our safety seem careless, and it is dlisheartening to seee the Prime Mlinister of the country wriggling anl quibbling almost to the verge of treachlery on this great qiestlio. As a young antd growing nationt-eo moch akin to America-is it not better ithat we shouldl be able to hold our own instead of, baby like, seeking old Englannd'a protection ? Is it not belter that we shouold b in a leosition to defend ourselves andl, if necessary, give a helping hand to the mother.land in hler time of need. Admitting that we Iler something to lose under federa tion, have we not alHo much to gain. I should like to know whtlo c·er heard, of an anbitra. tlon, case beilg settled witthont both parties were willing to givle and take." And this gentlceman hald alwaye ireviously beeu a supporter of Mr. ereid. Mr. Barroett denied that the liseal questlou was being obtruded ilntlo this election. Ie Itad pledged himsetlf to fall into line wnith Mr. DBarto, tnl wns prepared to leave the fisecal qnestion entirely out of the election. IIecamne bcfro thelm ns a feretrallst only, ItIoe wes not struck on the positilon. What nwas in it ? (A voice: " a0 a weekl "). No there was not £ a eweek in it; and the man vwho made lito inter. reption eroultd pIerlhaps be one of the first to come along and nnak r the member for a gtinea towards hisl football club. II they etected him, nod he did not give antis. faction, theyo could naskt him to tnign, and be prtmilsed hie would do so. (Apltlane.) P'coplo had heomoe tired of political huffouns, oel whirh there woere too many in thue bner. They had too many prolesiounal politioians, oted in etylog thino he wialhed theont to under stand Ihlat he did not refer to lMr. Aehtou, who hbd eas far as he knew a clean record. IHe asked them to ncorept him on the strougth of what they tknow of him, and not ton any word or ipromise of his. lMr. Darrtlt then treferrtd t, tie rteenri of th< miniehty derl-g thle p':t three years, ntrd cotendled that thiy could not bh truested, anid hatn tthe premtir etord before the coittety as a disocedllted atate?. man witll a d?iecredittd folluwing, VWhat the demoornoy of tClin county..d mttanded rwas thie etet'pittg away of a toetlnaeCld Ulpper lHousr, and its iestalteslhmerrnt or an electivo hales, W'e thoy prepered to tral Mri. Itld to do thi ? IIe for one was nol. Jll 1 i95 IMr. Iloid said "rotlrir mo to potter atl in lnlte ta dsl' I sll sotlih tie ntntemtloyed question." Well, tii uermfttloye;l lriro still ruoge atled In Hydney or In the tIlogan caon, nte Mrlf. Ilhl iade morenr even lttaltld to rottplie wtill tihe I?roblem, All I dhlt wast to elire tllite l niclolrtet please lte to nd ot ,lI-tI ler i-lei, lh1 did not care shaIett te erie, thiem u sot lo e eln hn lSe t telltrtt oIl Htiydlrly. Thely hled had the itroeelse of a lenel hivern.tt te tntl) eill teI hle itrildt ed siet ie ll lalt net .alyI evitl thI fe od I 'til 'x Ilill I blt lllettte h thel Itelter lil hi id It 'o In ittpelrealti ov f r Iwo yeara tie fiterer w ?i ad e ier tll le evcr titlwitlinilllel tng tilt Mr, It -d hlil iii- II lt stia Ihtit it wv tlid ite abiiutehlhly e?elar e t le l i in lee lione hill aIthole t the oi tter, tIefr . , L l hi e, sill a pro, stledel te iii wa tili the l ll ite ehtekioetl ttd hlndl even Ile tte Ceithlllti It wh thut olew lt, iurlllllg tie lltlI iilt Itill I lwsat 1 io lellgt l yet. Mr. Barrett then referred in strong t:rme to the growing danger of tihe present aliens and said their presence in the colony was a metasoe to the rights and morals of the white people. There ie only one way of dealing with the colored pent-for pest it in-and that is to completely eradicateit. To dothisa howevrr they wanuted a strong government, one with some bhackbone; and they were going to got It. (Applause.) Referring to the railway department Mr. Barrett said he would sup. port an amendm-nt of the law to enable tbo men to be represented on a board of appeal, so that all disputes might be settled in a fair and impartial manner. Hae wasalso in fsevour of Mr, Wise's proposal to empower the Oilt iservante to elect one cil the members of the civil servion board to look after their ioterestsa, and hbeblisered if Mr. Barton were successful be would bring in a measure of this kind. He beliersd in payment of members, buot hobe be. lieved in payment by results, and for servics rendered. It was a standing disgrare to par. liament that divislon after divistoo took pltce with only a fourth'of the members preseut. If elected he would endeavour to have an alteration mado in this direction. Mr. Barrett then referred to the manner in which Ooulburn had been negilcted, while Newca.tle and Bathurst were oeuncted with Sydney by telephone, Goolburn was not. He referred also to tbhe difference in the tlealmeout meted out to Golburo as comropared with Newcastle and Batherst in reo p e r to techolel colleges. When Gou!burn coor.eil m.de ppliOatIon for rolief for the uonemployed they got £100, while other eonutituencioa represented by mlulsters had £1000. If they were going to stand that sort of thiog it was time that Goalt. linrn ceased to bean eledtoranle. They all believed federation wold'be a good thing for the colony, bat the questioei they had to con. elder was this, who would.they trust to obtain federation, Barlon or Reid " Alter the rncord of Mr. fold for the pstt three years were they prepared to trust hil any lougesit (Cries eof " yes" and 'no.") IHe did nt. wish to be harsh on Mr. lRead and hoped yet to see Mr. Reid, Mr. Barton, and others with brains and ability gathered together In our common. wealth prlilment. If on thbe 2?th they coo demned Mr. BRed to retirement, they would only be preparing a better place for him. There was a glorlous future before this counotry if the people were only true to their destlnles. HIe claimed thot he wav entitled to consideration as a fellow- towneman, In oneloelono be said that if the people did their duty on the 27th they would eare the name of the colony, and would have the honor of appearing before the world ns a nation. He ogain Impreseed on them that it was not eafe to trust Mr. heid, and that they should give their allegiance to Mr. Barton, who had given them the great privilege of one man one vote -u privilege he hoped would not be forgotten on the 27th. (Loud spplause.) In reply to Mr. Thomas. Mr. Iarrett said that be had sseeerted that Mr. Beid had voted for the threelfifths majority; and that he (Mr. Barrett) had read the rltioial IIHoaneard. Mr. Thlomas laid that Mr. BaUsrrett weas wrong nod proceeded to read otl the names of the delegates voting. Mr. Bsretlt said in reply that all he could iay was that either the o6mcial tianuard or Mr Thomas was wroeg. In reply to a further question by Mr. Thomans, Mr. Barrett naid that he had stated that the Reid government bad failed to bring in the Local Guo'erement Bill, Mr. Themnse said the ieid government had brought in the bill, but it was knooked out by Mr. Lyon Mr. DBrrelt's own leader, Mr. Barrett said Mr. RHeid had a majority of forty in the house, and he would be very pleased if Mr. Thomnos could tell him how Mr. Lye in a minority of forty could " knook out" a government moneasure r In reply to IMr. Aetbury, Mr. Iarrett said he had expreesed his intelntion ol falling into line with Mr, Barton on tbhe flaecaI question. He was eure they nll bhad read Mr. Uorton's mrenifesto. Mr A. A. Kerr moved that Mr. Barrett was a fit and proper person to reprecent the Goult. born conetituenoy. Mr. Darrett had lived amoeget thlem lor ourtecn or fifteen years, land they all know him. He was a man ol good chabnracter, end hie was conaineed that if Mr. Brrett were returned they would bave a good and elliient meomber. (Applaue,.) Mr. O. L. Walkor unid bhe was proud to seconod the vomination. Mr. IBarrett wse a man in whom they could repoe every confil. douece. The motion wase supported by Mr. J. T. Walker, and on being put to the meeting was carried; but a great many refrainced from voting. Mr, Barrott replied, and said Ihe best vote they could have given him was their patient hearing. Tbhe meeting concluded with cheers for Mr. DBarretlt and Mr. Barton, and counter-ccheere for Mr. Ahtoun, Let night Mr. Barrett addressed about thirty electors at the Church Sohool-room, Easelgrove, Mr. J. T. Walker in the ebhir. Mr. Barrett spoke for about an hour and ob. tacned an excellent hearing. A vote of con. fidoneo in Mlr. Darretlt wee moved by Mr. W. R. A. Paesmore, secended by Mr. T. lroano, nod carried nealimously. To-night Mr. Barrett speaks at the Tem. peranco Hall, Garlield. Nomiontion of candidates must be lo the hands of the returlning-ofticr by nic p.m. to. day. Candidates, who have nominates, with ing to ,itbdraw can only do so by written notice up to the same hour. The publico nomination will take place from the balcooy of Iclington Honueo at noon to-morrow. bir. BIrrett'o nomination woeas handed in today signed by sixty elctors, including many prominent Ireetradres. 