?«rrore of Bhatunatism. OVERCOME BY DR. WI MJAMS PBIK " PILLS FOR PALE FBOPLE. i AFTER HOSPITAL TREATMENT AND MEDICAL MEN FAILED. ' Mrs. Knibb, of Kurie-Btroet, ToottoBg, istlie wife ot an industrious resident of that place. Sbe baa, cntil quite recently, been a groat «ufferarfromrhennuttiBia. Mrs Knibb is vsU a/lyanced is yeaxB, and aa. account of her complete' cure bj Dr. Williams* Pink Pals tor Pale People should prove good news to those eul- (eren «nio eimnoouly fancy rbeinaa-" tism and oilier kindred ills ttw natural accompaniment of old age, and therefore incurable. The- agonies ol rheumatism are well-known, ani 00 now is the Smet tbat Dr. waiiantf Fink Fills area caneCor.it. Those terrible pains In joints and' tnuacles, which are aggravated by the eligheet changain the weather, most clearly A-mote the preeence jol Aenmatwm, which may later on develop Into xheamaticiever. • ; "Dear AeTliBd Mrs-EniMi toonr ' ^reporter, " l lhavo Wia great watferar f from rfmjmatisni-; Twelve years ago I had a bad accident thigh bone was kiAw,. and «nee that tints I tutve anffered a great deal.- I lost the eight of my left eye mainly through the _ disease, and even after treatment of it was over I suffered from great pain across the bone over tits eye. . Last Christmas twelve input*" 1 was so bad that I * ooald scarcely move la.bed. I had to g» to the hospital after bong treated for a long time by the dootora; but after coming out again Xaufiared just the same, if £ did a little , cashing in the day time t coald hardly tan In bed at nig-ht, and during westeriy winda l vas always laidnp. A little "while ago I read ot the cures effected by Or. Williams' Pink Pills, bat I was doubtful about them. One . of tay family, however, said that die cases reported most be genuine, or the people would not dare lo print tfeem, and so I bought a box of qills and took one after each meaL I did that, and the effect lias been wondeaful. I have got rid of rheumatism, and the pain -over my. eye has gone. Daring the r- eent wnstedy winds I was up and about and «uffeni noill effects. "Yon attribute fhat to Dr. Williams' Pink Tills f" the interviewer .asked. G " Yes, indeed," said Mrs. Knibb, ** I do, and to noihiiw dta. If it were not for them, I anoald not be ^tandinj out here talking to yon SAW* ** Mr. Knibb arrived on the aoene at thie e^nge. and confirmed all that his -wifefcad said, end added that re- -cently he had ejperieneed his first attack of khienmabsm and suffered a jgreat deal, but after a -few doses of VT. Williams* Pink Pills he was able toga to work again.' Sr. Waiianrf JKnk Pills far Pale: People are not a patent medicine, tmt areA iborQnghlystaentfiopreporation, the result of years of earefnl study on the 'part of an eminent Edinburgh' University physician, and thoy were snccesaf aily used bj him in his everyday practise, for years before' being offered far general sale. .They pas.-: tively enre rheumatism, sciatica, lumbago,-neuralgia, and uifiaenca's evil after effects^ and are a specific lor all diseases of women, sum as anemia, poor -and "watery blood, female irregularities, nervous headache, and hyBteria. They are not a pmgative medkiincy, bid braoeup and strengthen -tile vhole system. Dr. Williams' Pink Pflts are obtainable fan afl leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' iledicina Co.; .Salisbury Buildings, ilueeu-atreet, VelbooTDe, who will torward, post paid, on receipt of „ stamps or post order. one box for Ss. 9d., ir half a .dozen far I$s3d. UotiowAT 8 POLS. — Teaching of KtfetinoB.—Tht united testauumy < extending <mr ram than tatty years, aoat •txoaghr reeommeoda these Filb ac the belt gutrifiAX " the mildest «j>aiieaU, and . da jaOtioatoritireB.' Tbej uwa iwradetaite' (Orfjre"merely temporur relief bat attack all nlmsota uftbe Etoondj, langt, beart, head, and bo vela in the only safe and Ifgtiimdtw «ra.y, by deparating die blood, mod 00 nfiatag ttioae impanties wfaicb are .the tnm and coiotitDent ol almost every disease. Theirraadical efficacy fa wonderful In zenoTaiang enfeebled conabbitkMa. Their action embracee all that is dsonUe in ~ homehald medidne. Hey eipel noxinus and effete matter; Mid t':-nj the v . uurtared Mid lbs aeints ctimaUtad. \- -.. - -' . Remember that the blood, wbetber pore of impure,.cirenlatea.thrtwgh th* otgui ofthe hxmzu txxly—Ltoiffi, Hearb Stonadi ouit^ tt^Eedb ^ M e ^ Ha oAnnnL . tin W»«a is^flisalssa .ttB In -atea of ScrnEnla Sonny, fccrema, Bad l«tt81rfnaadJSJ^I>Ue»»e«,I , hii|>la»,-ana SoSa of an Idndl «lie .«ffecta of ClaAe 1 . " BloOd Mixture an narrrilom. Thnoaanda of wonderfal carat, .tarn bun effected by jt Qnto'i Blood IGxtare f« fold everywhere at S*. M. per bottle. Beware or mlUan imitations nd«MMuta While on this eub}«ct it may also be nteresting to mentkm *h»t Major L. MitSiell onhiameinorable and jMyauccesrfnl jonmty from Sydney to Portland Bay in 1836, was the first explorer to traverse this .portion ofthe otmntry .vfadi - he ao aptly named Anstralia Felix, On J>i« retain jouroey the : jtuaed direetly through this'* locality, Mod I remember in 1855 finding the InitialaT. L. M. still distinguishable which had' been deeply cat in the bark of a lai^e 'box tree on the top of the range above Nuggetty Beet Knowing that the distinguished explorer had passed ' ibis way it was quite reasonable to conclude that those letters had been cat by himself or maybe by one of bis party. On reachin a«nJl river be says :— M The banks of this stream consisted of rounded acclivities and wen covered with excellent grass. ,Thebed was 18or S0&: below the level at the adjacent lata,; and from its twemWaoee, in. aame, lects, to ifce little cbeam in Engjland (Norfolk) I named it Ae ' Loddon '." -Of .«fat is aow called Charlotte PUins, he itayss — "At length we entered fin a wwy level tod extensive 8tmSwd.< Ffomiufeameuthewntwi —" A. country f»Uy ai ftwniB^ as the reon we bid left, was.embMced in my'<vlew'Gmmd that point? cared long patches of open fitaininterspersed with forest hills and low woody ranges, junong which I coald trace «ut ia good lioe of-routia lor another SO miles homenrard." We also had a visit in May, 1654, from William Ho wit*, the celebrated English aathor, who, (or two years followed, in the fullest sense, the occupatwaol golddigger." "Owing to the extreme dryness of Che season (we had 00 winter rain till-July) he was not gnady impressed with the resources of'the dirtrict SB a g(dd-6eld, but bp«tks glowingly of the surrounding country, as follows:— <* We had a view bom the hills near Xarnwgower, <of the country along the lioddon, and it was aoaougst the veiy fin«t we had eeea in the cotouy. A noble valley containing in iadf immense plains of a most fertile land, was bounded by hills more piebwesque than this country usually presents, and ae{()68 the valley lay range beyond BsnxeeCUUi MM dark with dense forests, Others gteen and dotted with timber, terminated by blue mountain ranges, altf^ether truly lMautiful. n From L*nd, Labor and or Two Tears in Victoria" by Wm. Howitti the most readable, rrliand couiprdteninv-e of all the abundant literative descriptions ti gold ^ng life tn the'early fifties 'on have been recently vehemently complaining' of the great injustice done to Kaldon by tl«o Mining authortiea in causing our gold returns to be included in tho6e of the Caistlemaine District, and thus apparently depriving; our town of the honor of being one ol! the largest gold' ^rodaoers in the colony. But I I have discovered a much more cruel wrong to cor prosperous town, inasmuch as it has sa aU-ovsr-tbe-wocld effect, and almost goes to' prove that there is no such plaoe ss " " model, n»oral Maldon " in the colony of Victoria. 1 allude to the most recently published " World- wide Atlas of Modem Ge^raphy," which contains no less than 113 map*, and in every way is said to be quite up-to-date. On referring to mip 76, whidi includes our highly - favored oolouy, I was gieill; astonished to find that the old-established. aad charming towa of tfaldon 'was not mentioned in even the smallest type, while- such insjpnifica"* hamlets as Lockwood, *"»lenorclry, Amherst, Avoca and numerous other vHlages of mmilar paltriness are pompously displayed. Bach neglect is wholly nnpardonable, and -shows ' great ignorance - of our fruitful colony on the part ot British geographers. Talk of die wrongs of IieU&dl; thesoHoatewEGieecc^aad the failure and oohseguent • sufferings of our recent water and bridge deputa- tion ! Why, they are nothing compared with this dastardly attempt our total' obliteration. We' must not allow ourselves and town ao be «Iiost in the dreary shades of dull i obscurity," but' must strenuously endeavour byevery fair and legitimate means to maiutsin the degree of eminence which wte are jnstly entitled to occupy i)y rirtoeofour great and varied, resources which are being ^ extensively and profitably developed . by tfie energy and liberality of -our' intelligent and ftuv se«ng toi-hRf^ople, whoare ^ably astagbed^in -'thtir /Umdable ^BTorts by ypur 'own dooe^in oui^nrast from da-y 'to day, but also to d oq uently and pemstiwtly point oat to the world at large the great posalnlities which are here in store for future generations, and thus keep bur district 'conspicuoasiy posted in the high rauk which it is so wdl fitted to adorn. : la. the terae and pithy'language of Milton or'somebody else t will'dose "If yon wtdi in the world to ad ranee, •« -Yifti metfes you must always ethanes; Yob tnnat atir it jud etniap it -" * and -blow your owv trumpet ' • Or you the ghost of a chance. 1 ' a »-'- v: ; Yours hojx&lly;, BUaca, 1851. 