THE MERCURY. HOBART: WEDNESDAY, FEJS. S3, 1898. j EPITOME OF NEW8 Launceston tin quotation, 11s. per unit. Public Works Department calls for tenders for rental of offices in Lord's buildings. Vica-regal party arrived at Strahan yester- day after a pleasant trip from Hobart Queenstown busy with preparations for re- ception of the Governor and party. Art Society's Exhibition will be open to- day morning, and evening. Active preparations at Zeehan to loyally receive the Governor, and to make his visit pleasant. Hobart Savings Bank will be closed on 2Gth and 28th inst. for half-yearly balancing of accounts. Tasmanian Operative Lodge, Ko. I, T.C., meets this (Wednesday) evening at 7.30. Visiting brethren invited. Launceston Marine Board employees agitating for restoration of reductions made in their salaries three years ago. Pegging at Mount Lyell reserve has caused much interest in Launceston. Reserve applied for twice over by Launceston people. .Another crowded house at Theatre Royal last evening to witness second performance of Charley's Aunt. Sweet Lavender at Theatre Royal to-night. Mx. Thornton will once more delight Hobart friends with his personation of Dick Phenyl. The Anglican Bishop of Melanesia spoke yesterday afternoon at a drawing-room meet- ing at the Deanery, and last evening in the Synod-hall. On and after the 1st prox. steamers will leave Launceston for Melbourne, and vice versa, on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Satur- days. UepoBit of £1.000 lodged in Treasury yes- terday by North Mount Lyell Co.. in terms of Act authorising construction of railway to Kelly's Basin, Macquarie Harbour. Programme of Hobart Turf Club meditng, fixed for March 5, appears in advertising columns. Nominations close on the 26th inst, and weights will be declared on the 1st prox. Silver, 25J J. Canadian trade is rapidly increasing. Czarina suffering from measles. Bishop of Bedford dead. Also wife of the Right Hon. G. J. Goacben. Trial of M. Zola still marked by tumultuous travesty of justice. Japanese revenue for past year 3J millions short. Melbourne wool market shows a slightly downwa-d tendency. H.M.S. Victorious has resumed voyage to China. Barque Candida, laden with concentrator, from Port Augusta, bas been wrecked on Wandong Island, Spencer'« Gulf. British military strength in Lagos and the Gold Coast Hinterland numbers 6,0.0 men. Russian paper« give warning that the can- didature of Prince George as Governor of Crete has not been abandoned. Berlin merchants anxious for greater facili ties of trade with Great Britain and ber colonies. Meeting of New South Wales Parliament further prorogued until March l8. Despatch of business will not commence until April 11. Local Government Bill (Ireland) ha« boen read a first time in tbe House of Common«. Irish Unionists welcome the measure Tbe Sokoto invasion «care is abating. France ha« «emi-officially denied that any French force is now io the Sultan'« territory. Paris Bourse steady. Attorney-General of Queenaland, on re- port of Crown Prosecutor, is about to com- mence proceeding« against late directors and auditor« of the Queensland National Bank. Hostile news from West Africa has depressed provincial exchanges in England. Federal Convention yesterday discussed the imposition of preference rates and regu- lations on trade. South African stocks depressed owing to announcement that President Kruger will proclaim to Foreign Powers his views on BritiBb suzerainty, which are opposed to those of tho Secretary of State for the Colo- nies. One of the most important discussions in the Federal Convention took place on the 17th inst., when Mr. Hj:nby moved the insertion of the following clause in the Constitution :-" That the following stand as a new clause of the Bill :-The Parliament may, upon such terms and conditions, and in( radi manner, as it think« fit, render financial aid to any Suite." The dis- cussion, though a brief one, separated itself into three distinct branches, all of which have a direct bearing on what is called the financial problem. At the outset Mr. Wise, a delegate from New South Wales, branched off by sayiug:-"The whole of the financial apprehensions are base- less. "We know that already." To which Sir George Turner at once replied, " "We do not know it." Mr. Wise found, in fact, as the debate went on that several other members did not know it, aud it finally appeared that even Mr. Wisn did not know it him- self. Mr. Coghlan, as usual, was warmly denounced, but the very de- bate itself showed that his conclusions were accepted, and, what is more, the whole aspect of the financial problem has been changed since the now famous " Notes " were published. In truth, the acts aud the words of the dele- gates are about the greatest compli- ment that can be paid to the Statis- ticians who bave dealt with this sub- ject, for they have done for the dele- gates what the delegates could not do for themselves, that is, they have reduced the financial problem to its lowest terms. There is not so much as one delegate now who does not admit that one or more colony may need assistance to save it from insolvency, and what is this but what the Statisticians, including Mr. Nash, of the Sydney Telegraph, have said ? The delegates could not dis- cover what has been discovered for them, and that is why scheme after scheme was proposed only to be cast aside as utterly impracticable or abso- lutely absurd. The conclusion now reached by all is, that the Federation must be prepared to assist any colony which the uniform tariff places ia financial difficulties, and the only question is, how and on what con- ditions shall this assistance be given. Mr. Henry's proposed clause was re- jected, even though he agreed to limit its operation to five years, but the Con- vention unanimously recognised the fact that the Federation must be prepared to give help should help be required. This opened up another branch of the- discussion, which was, las to whether a special clause should. be inserted in the Constitution providing for such help. On this point there was a great deal of difference of opinion. Some of the legal members held that the power required was already conferred by the Constitution, and some doubted, amongst whom was Mr. Lewis, whether this was the case. The clause referred to gives power to the Federal Parliament " to make laws for the peace, order, and good govern- ment of the Commonwealth." This is held by some to mean that it may advance money, by way of loan or 1 otherwise, to any State, and it has been said that no State would be helped unless it was on the verge of insolvency. As a matter of fact, it does not in the least matter .whether these words are in the Con- stitution or not, or being in how the lawyers may interpret them, be- cause nothing can be clearer than that the Federal Legislature will be able to do as it pleases. If it chooses to interpret its powers as extending to the granting of money directly or by way of loan, who "is to prevent it ? If it was expressly prohibited from help- ing the 'States the Supreme Court might disallow its action, but as it has general powers conferred upon it, those powers can be exercised in any way it thinks fit. The objection taken was, that any money raised must be spent " for the public service of the Commonwealth," and not for the benefit of any particular State; but, surely, this is a mere splitting of straws. For, is not a State a part of the Commonwealth ? If a State be- comes insolvent and is unable to pay its debts or even its share towards the federal expenses, surely the peace, I nrder and eood government of the whole Commonwealth are involved. If one State was in a condition of rebellion the Federal Government would have power to restore order at any cost and by any necessary means, and if there is financial dis- order it must possess the same power. The whole case was summed up by Mr. McMillan, who Baid " the Federal Parliament will find a way if necessary," and this was, evidently, the conclusion at which the Conven- tion as a whole arrived, for it pro- ceeded to negative the amendment. And, here \?e come to the third branch of the discussion, -which is a very important one, and one which we have referred to before. If the Federal Parliament has the power, about which there is little question, to help a State or States as it pleases, it has, also, the power to control the taxation of a State wanting help. The Federal Parliament is to be the judge of all the facts, and is, as the case now stands, not bound to do anything as a matter of right. Perplexed by ?the financial problem, the Convention has, it seems, decided to leave the Federal Parliament to do what it thinks fit, and admits at the same time that one or more States are sure to need help. This implies, of course, that the Federation will have a surplus revenue, a matter to which sufficient consideration does not appear to have been given, and which has been left amongst the things to be worked out in practice. Assuming that such a surplus will exist, and I that helping a State or States may be 1 regarded as part of the federal ex- penses, we reach the result that the I Federation will be able to dictate as to the internal taxation of a poor State. For, we are told that a State is not to be assisted unless it is insolvent, or on the verge of in- solvency, which is a matter of fact to be determined by the central power. We are also told that the State must' have taxed itself sufficiently, which is likewise a question for the Federa- tion. Tims, the Federal Parliament, even a Federal Ministry, will ' have power to say how and to what extent a State shall tax itself before help is given, and there will be danger of bargaining between the two, especially if the solid vote of a State should be re- quired. Mr. O'Connor, .New South Wales, put the case hardly too strongly when he said :-" If that is possible under the Constitution, you have at once the germs of corruption and im- proper influence which may be UBed disastrously in [against ?] the interests of the whole people." The examples of both the United States and Canada j ' show that there is some danger of this I | kind, but as there is no solution to the J financial problem, the people will have to rely on the prudence and patriotism of their representatives. Still, beyond all this there is this one question for the poorer Slates, and notably for Tasmania, to answer ; can they ven- ture to joiu a Federation when they cannot ask for help, in the case of loss as a matter of right, but may or may not receive it as a matter of benevolence ? The Times last month made prediction I that there will, before the present ytar j closes, bo a renewal of the desperate light over the American currency issues which marked the recent Presidential election. Notwithstanding the tri- umphant election of a " sound money " champion, there are unmistakable signs of the silver agitation again spreading. The Republican party is disorganised, and the "sound money" men do not retain any controlling authority among the Democrats, aud thus an immense advantage has been given to _ the anarchical and predatory tendencies of ' their opponents. So at ¡east says the New York correspondent of The Times. The deficit of forty millions of dollars for the fiscal year, owing to-, the disappointing results of the Dingley tarin, is another disquieting element. In strongly distinctive con- trast to this presage of direful strife_ is the report of the Director of the_ Mint at Washington, showing ample evidence that the world's product of gold for 1897 will approximate, if not exceed, 240,000,000dol., an increaso of nearly 20 per cent, over the yield for 1896. The Director says :-" The gold product of the United States for 1896 was 53,100,000dol.; for 1897 it will approxi- mate 61,500,000dol., an increase of 8,400,«00dol. The product of Africa for 1896 was 44,400,000dol., and returns re- ceived up to December 1, 1897, indi- cated that the gold product of that country would be 58,000,O00dol, Aus- tralasia's product for 1896 was 45,200,OOOdol. ; for 1897 the indications are that it will not be less than 5l,000,OOOdo!. Mexico for 1890 gave 8,300,0O0doI- ; for 1897 the return is estimated at lO.OOO.OOOdol. The pro- duct of the Dominion of Canada for 1896 was 2,800,0O0dol., and is estimated forl897 at 7,5O0,000dol. India's product for 1897 is estimated at 7,500,000dol., an "increase of l,400,000dol. over 1896. Russia's gold product for 1896 was. 21¡5S0,00Odol., and for 1897 is estimated to ? approximate 25,000,000dol. The .indications, for tJtfl United States are that Colorado will lead in the produc- tion of gold for 1697, as it is estimated that the product will not be less than '20,000,000dol. California will follow with aproduct of probably 19,000,00Odol. With the exception of the South Appa- lachian Hange, it is believed that tbere will be an increase in every producing State and territory of the gold product over that of 1896." Thk Maine catastrophe, which has destroyed one of the finest vessels of the .United States Navy, to that country can only be regarded as one of the most unfortunate occurrences of the year. Apart from the loss of so magnificent a ship and the sucriiice of human life attendant upon the disaster, it is only too evident that the worst construction will be placed upon the circumstances under which 'it happened, and that very likely reprisals will follow, almost as bad as the original event itself. Â deadly enmity has been created and fomented between Spain and the United States by the Cuban rebellion. Spain has all along, and, no doubt, rightly to some extent, believed in the secret interference -with the affair in which her own efforts proved so futile, while the American people did not scruple to show an ever-increasing dissatisfaction with the steps taken to crush tlie Cuban struggle for independ- ence. _ The end was as delightful in American cities as it was galling in Madrid, and now, before the air is cooled down from the excitement of the final scenes in which American in- fluence played so great a part, the vessel which might be considered as the representativo of the American nation in the waters of Havana Harbour, the head-quarters of Spanish defeat, is out- raged and sacrificed to what no man on American soil really believes to hâve been an accident or mishap. The incident is made no more pleasant by what went immediately before it. The American nation had been insulted in the person of its President by the Spanish envoy to Washington, and the. letter which Senor Dupay de Lopez sent to his Journalist friend at home is now considered to have found its terrible sequence in the Maine incident. Possibly there may be no moro foundation for this statement than there was for the Lopez asper- sions on the character of President McKinley, but still they are made. Even if the maritime fatality were the work of an irresponsible crank, as so many of the so-called Anarchist outrages are, if the crank were Spanish the Spanish I nation would have to bear the brunt of and suffer for his wicked folly, just as | the cause which Anarchists are believed to champion suffers by what is done in its name. No one judges such events with the cool, eulin deliberation which their circumstances demand, and it is from what they give rise to, as much as from their own inherent mischief, that their occurrence is so much to be. deplored. Ii is curious, perhaps instructive, to note in the Convention debates that a number of delegates are constantly exclaiming " there is no financial ques- tion," and then to find that the financial question is really the one on which everything turns. The delegates are continually exorcising Mr. Coghlan]and other pestiferous statisticians, but these troublesome ghosts will not be laid, but constantly start up crying "here we are again." The "speakers keep on declaring that everything Will work out right if everything is only let alone, and then they proceed to provide for tlie case of things coming out utterly wrong. They have no confidence in their own assertions, which they keep repeating apparently for the sake of trying to keep their courage up. The latest" form which this kind of thing has taken is a charge against " the enemies of Federation," who have, it is said, taken Mr. Coghlan's figures, and so used them that they show that every State is bound to lose by Federation. This was too much even for the dele- gates as a whole, for it was denied that any such belief existed, or that ? any such assertion had been made. No one, as far as we have Been, has ever at- tempted to show that all the States will lose by Federation, but there has bepp, and there is tolerably sure to be still, a demand that certain of the States shall see their way to pay their debts. The problem is not a difficult one. At the present time one or two States only just hold their own even with a high tariff und a great deal of direct taxa- tion, so that if the federal tariff is a low one, as it is almost sure to be, the money will not be found to pay the annual interest, excepl these colonies have recourse to heavy direct taxation. Besides this they will have to pay their share of the cost of Federation, the amount of which no one can tell, so that there i=, undoubtedly, a prob- lem to be solved, and a problem which may yet cause a great deal of trouble. For, no colony can venture to take even the risk of defaulting, and it will be well for the Federation as a whole that no such risk shall arise. This is the problem I which the delegates seem ratherjdis peted to avoid.;^; ù**m.-'EMMI Outward English Mail.-During the month oi March next the English outward mail will eloss at Hobart at 0 a.m. on Tuesday instead of on Monday as hertto fure. West Coast Communication. - The Minister of Landa was approached some woiks ago with regard to the establishment of a steam launoh service between Strahan and the upper landing of the Gordon River. It was pointed out to Mr. Pillinger that communication between the localities nitntionod duiing the summer months would be of great benent to prospectors and others. In compliance with the request made, tenders were at once invited lor a steam service of 15 weeks' duration, and that of the W.S.S. Co. has since been accepted. A Fishing Rod Tax -We have reoeived j a host of letters against the proposed fishing rod tax, which show th.it. it is extremely unpopular. We publish a few of the letters, and we may say than they all ai;reo in condemning alike the tax and its a ¡thor. Nobtii Mount Ltell and Macquarie Barbour Railway.- Mr. T. L. Hood, the local agent of the Noith Mount Lyell Min- ing Co., through the company's solicitors, McBsrs. Simmons, Crisp, & Simmons, yester- day lodged the deposit of £1,000, pursaatt to the terms of the privtte Aot obtsiocd by the company last session, for the oontttuc* tion of a railway from the co-npany's property at North Mount Lyell to Kelly's Basin, Macquarie Harbour, Social at the De inert.-A vory pleasant gathering was held on Monday eveaing at St. David's Deanery, when the Very Rev. Dean Kite entertained the adult members of, St. David'a ohoir to a sooial supper. After- wards the time was spent most pleasantly in singing and music, which was terminated by a recitation by the Dean. The Dean seems to bein bis element when amongst tho young folk, and it was arranged that a quarterly meeting should be held for the future, Mr. Erp aotine librarian, and Mr. Gtllevie secretary. A hearty vote of thanks was passed to the Dean, at the instance of Messrs. Jones and Orobard, and the pro- ceedings terminated by the Dean cordially shaking hands with eaoh ot his guests on their departure. [This should have been sent us for publication yesterday.] W.CT.U.-At tbe annual meeting of the Hobart branch of the W.C.T.U., to be held on Thursday afternoon in the Temperance hall, the officers and superintendents for the ooming year will be elected At 4 o'olook the general public are invited, wben un aooonnt will be given of the work done by the union during the year. There will be a small sale of goods at tho conclusion of the meeting. Citv Police Court.-The Police Magis- trate (Mr. B. Shaw) and Mr. H. W. Chap- man, J.P., adjudicated at the City Police Court yesterday. James Hanson pleaded guilty tp baviog disturbe! the peace in the Alabama Hotel on 21st ins t., aud was fined 5s. Emily Dobson, a character well-known to the police, was charged with permitting disorderly conduct in a house kept by her in Barrack- street on the 13th init. Sbe pleaded guilty, and wes fined 10s. and costs, 7s. 6d., in default seven days ' in-'gaol. Two boys named Henry Loveday (14) and Willie Loveday (11) were proceeded against for stealing 12 newspapers, valued at 1s., the pro- perty of Wm. Enever, and were found guilty. The evidence showed that the accused took the papers from a runner, sold three, and gave the others to a woman for two bananas. The Police Magistrate said in 1896 Henry Loveday was sent to the Training Shool for five years, but it appeared that be had been let out. What was the gcod of sending him there ? The Bench ordered him to be remanded for seven days, whilst they considered what .they would do with him. The Bench presumed there was a reason for allowing him to be dis- charged. The other defendant was sent to the Training School for five years. Herbert Ward, drover, was oharged with having dis- turbed the potoe at the slaughter-yam* on the 31>t ult. He pleaded not guilty, but after hearing evidence the Bench held the charge proven. From tbe statements made by Waid it appeared that whilst getting dinner a man named Gibson, alias Taylor, used very insulting words to him. He put up wilh it for a minute or two, and then carno out of the shed where be was partaking of bis meals to inform Mr. Rheuben, when Gibson struck him in the face, and a fight reiulted, The Police Magistrate said Gibeon | had been oonvicted of disturbing the peace on the oooasion in question, but in view of the statements then made he was not punished. It now appeared that he waa the oi iginator of the disturbance. He hud used most insulting word* to the defendant. Ward was fined , St., mid coats 9*. 9J. Walter John Fukea proceeded againat John Niobolls, bu'eher, for the recovery of wages, amounting lo £2. The case waa dismissed, | complainant failing to establish his claim. As Old Kr.ORA\it>o -The Rev J B W Woollnough, MA, M H A , has presented an interesting engraving to the Tasmanian Museum and Art Gallery The suliectisa likeness of the late ¡sir John Franklin, and bears the following inscription -" Captain Franklin, It N , FBS, Commander of the Land Arctic Expedition with Fort Enter- prise in the background Drawn bjG R Lbwib Engraved by F C Lewif, ¡southampton Bow, Paddington, engraver to H K H. the Pnnoe Leopold, and to B R H the late PnnceBS Charlotte Published for G LewiB, by Burst & BobinBon, Cheapside, January, 1824 A Peculiar Egg -Mr j Roberts, of the River View Botel, Browns River-road, poBBesseB a Dorking pullet that has recently earned notoriety by laying an unusual kind of egg Ihe pullet began to lay when oui) four months old, and after preparing its owner for a surprise by the discovery of a double yolk egg in its nest it subsequently laid an egg with two distinct shells When the egg was broken for cooking purposes it waB found to con tain a complete inner shell quite separate from the outer covering Bfn Tillett -To celebrate Ben Tillett s viB t to Hobart a social waB given at the Ship Hotel last evening at which about 40 . of the wage earning and wage providing classes attended Alderman Bradley was Binung those present Ihe chair was o copied by Mr W H Wagstaffe who called upon Mr Jas Paton to propose the only toust of the dening, "Our Guest Vocal and instrumtutal ii usio interspersed addresses delivered by Mr Findley (Vic tom) and Mr Pemberton, the former eulogising the viBitot's work in the Old Countrj, while the latter gave a short history of tbe past labour associations of the colony Mr Ben Tillett fdlowed with a well thought out «p^oti, durirg which be urged the workers of Tasmania to unite togtther, if only as a means of csmtnting a bond of good feeling between them that would be beneficial socially Mr Tillett lectures to night at the Temperance hall, the subject of his discourse being " Sociah'm and Religion Assessment Apieal Coubt - A Court for the hearing ot appeals agaiOHt the Assessment Roll of Oatlands Kural Munioi pality will be held to morrow morning at the Court house, Oatlands Launceston Regatta - In connection with the Launceston regatta, cheap exour ?ion trips will Le available by tbe special expresa train leaving Hobart to day at 6 20 am The ticket« are available fur return by any train up to next Monday To day and to morrow the mail train will leave Launceston at 9 45 p ni The excuieion and oheap trip ticket» will not be available for any station abort of Launceston A Demonstbative School Mistbehs - A remarkable case («ay« the Poverty Bay Herald) wa« reoently beard at Wairoa, in wbioh Mia« London, teacher of the Native school at Waikaremoana, was fined £1 and £8 9« coat« for an aggravated assault on Edward Oldham, manager of Mr Tunk»'« run It «eema that there wa« «oma excite ment in the diatriot over the peregrination« of a lunatic, and on the capture of the latter a number of Native« and informant aa ?.moled at the school ground« Mis« Lundon ordtred Oldham to ieavr, and on hi« refuting .he brought a kettle of boiling water and attemptei to pour it over bim, failing wbioh -h. .K."_ |. ». kin. excursion to Dehne's Point.-The *.». Huon is annoonoed io make excursion to Denne'* Point, Bruny Island, on Saturday1 next. V.aitora aud other* may thus avail themselves of opportunity for viewing the beautiful scenery of the Derwent. Cascade Kola Champadme from the celebrated kola nut 'Hie Lancet, rho loading KiiRli-h medical Jouriml, of ApiilS, lins the lullouing linitlfjing millee of our Pint)pus brand of eucalyptus Glubulus Oil :-'* Kucnlj'pLus Globulus Oil (Flats pus brand), - This preparation was marked, uh all similar preparations containing a de-Hable proportion of Kucalyptol are marked, by an especial fragrance of smell. ¡Submitted to fractionation, lim following re- sults «ere obtained. [Hero follows the uiiulysls,] . . . Inasmuch as tho boiling point of Kucalyptol. which is regarded RBthe valuable active principle of Eucalyptus OH, Is about lVOdeg. C, it will be seeu that this brand , (the Platypus) is desirably rich in tb,s most im- portant constituent The specific ravity of i the Oil at ISSdog, was fouud to be 0-9172. Further examination elicited the admirable purity of tho product. It ia an excellent, agree- able and eiTcctual antiseptic, and ia view oi the foregoing results, the suitability of this speci- men for all purposes where an tiseptio treatment Is required cannot be disputed. H. T, Oodlb 4MB CO., AJraoU- j Cascade IXMOKAPK, *{tmMniIoat: suttta* Try it. A Nmv Aüstbama«. Cricket Record j -Clem Hill, by hi« «core of 170 against I New South Wale« tor South Australia on \ Monday last, created a new Australian j cricket record, he being the first player to ) maka 1,0(10 runs in one season in arse class j matches. He has done his run get ing I against Stoddarts English Eleven and I against New South Wul°s and Victoria Í He has made l,0'i4 runs in 15 innings, his scores being as follow -200, 45, 19, 96, 58, 81, 188, 0, li, 20, 2, 115 20 0, 170 This gives him nn average of 74 00 runs per innings Ward, who came to Australia with Stoddart's 1S94 05 team, was previously the nearest approach to the thou sand with 91C, and the samo s°ason George Giffen mado 903 runs This season Maclaren and Ranjitslnbji have both made over 900 runs in first-class mutches in Australia, and there is a prospeat of a good struggle to Bee who will be the first ol the pair io achievo the task of completing the thousand. Hill's career as a cricketer has been quite phenomenal Ue has been play ing first olass crickot four years, and has made eight centuries, being not out on three ocoaeiona The critios who have watched his play during the present «eaton are unani mous in the opinion that Hill is undoubtedly the finest batsman in Australia, Legally, he is yet only an " infant, ' not being 21 year« of agc until the 18th of next month Gahrisov Banu -To meet the wieh of a great number of Hobart musical loving people this popular band will perform in the llarraok reserve this evening Visitors have a special invite, and a collection will be taken at the gate entrance With a fine night % large gathering is expected fUB CONSFIU ATORIUM Ot MOSIC, Mel bourne University, has rapidly developed into the leading niuBic school of Australasia, and now draws pupils from all our colonies With an energetic and talented director such as Professor Marshall Hall, assisted by a staff of 22 teachers, many of continental training, such a success is not surprising We aro informed that the results obtained in the pianoforte, violin, and singing schools par ticularly, argue well for the future prospects of Australian art The students have m the Marshall Hall orchestral concerts an oppor tunity for the study of orchestral music which cannot be obtained in any other Australian capital, for they are admitted to all rehearsals free of charge, and may so become familiar with the masterpieces of music as rendered by a professional and proficient orchestra. The Hon. R B. D. Wbite write« - Parliament Home, Sydney. Mr. W, J Cleweb, Chemist, 93, Elizabeth street, Hobart. Deab but, Judging from results, I have no hesitation in Buying your Hair Restorer is the best I have ever seen or heard of. After using it a few times my bair grew rapidly, ceased to fall out, and wai restored to it« usual colour I bave recommended it to a gieat ma friend« during the last three yean. (Signed) R. H. D. White. Vjuck-2/6 ahd 3/6. 