WI ED E E Ij IN. IjER ESOARADES, ' ADYENTURRS AND BITTER SORROWS. BY WILLIAM BLACK. CHAPTER XXII./-(C9NTIJ5UED). rprliaps thorp was sprqethlnp jn. fbc tqno of h|£ vqIcc; perhnpq there was soipethto;; of nierp physical brenthipssqpss; pprhnps aq nqqsunl pnllor in ills phppks; bqt at alj events, Wild Ee||q caiqp to cpnqidpr that thp ffltuption was pxfreiqply critlpairrrfihc hardly kucw why. And qhp said to blrn, ulmosf reproaphfully— "I eaq hardly guess at ypur qienn|ng, Mr. G||ciirist; jjuf If if is wbflt It seems fo lie, Why, was thpre eyef sqeb qn absurd exqg- gcratfpn 1 Whore's ypur gospel ? Where's your bqdge of liberty and equality? Hnve you forgotten ibnt a muu's a mnn for a' that.' He pulled himself up, He had achieved his pbjpcf. Hp had glyeu Jier tp under stand. Ho laid cleared the ground. And if now she still wished to extend spine small pleasure of favor towards bhn, good nud we'll; bqf If the queen chose to pass on -without nnother thought pf the poor way farer, that also was gooff and well; and lie would hold his treasure ot rcmombrauco, uud be grateful with a lifelong gratitude." "Oh," he said, rather shamefiieedly. " 'A. man's a man for n> tbnt' is mora a defini tion of the aftltude of a innn towards other men — " "Oh, iq that it?" snto she, numbing him, "Then you cut out hnlf the humau rnfle from the application of your braggart song? That Is something, at least. Thai is n concession. We|l, now, Mr. Gilchrist, ho guided by me; nnd we'll cut out the other half; and we'll reduce that famous piece to what it is — uot the expression of tjie sentiment of the Im uran race, of half the Imuran race, or nuy section of the humnu race, but the expres sion of a single individual's Irritable and morbid jealousy and envy nnd vanity." But nf this he burst out laughing; he knew she wns moreiy trying to make mischief— to pick u quarrel with liim; guff so all lie said to this saucy damsel was— "I'm glad we've gof past the Castle bill." "Why?" she demanded. "Because it would have fallen on us |f it bad overheard." By this lluip tliey were come to the .Sus pension- bridge; but she did upt strike off nt right angles to go Into the town.' ' She eon, tinupd her way nioqg the riye.r front, so that now -they were passing the open space Into which Iain Ruadh had collected his sheep, while on the other side wns the dingy black- grey building of the "Invcrulsii Observer." Sbe regarded tbe lugubrious looking square stone block, with its small, dim windows. "I suppose It Is nil shut up?" she said. "Oh ye?," ho nqswered lier. "Not n soul in tbe place, I should imugtoe, on u Saturday afteruoou." " "I have never been over a printing estab lishment," she observed vaguely. "Oh,' but If you" would like to took through," said he, with instant aiertnpss. "I can easily manage that. The olil woman who keeps flic keys lives just across the lane; she would conm and unlock door iiy door for us. What do you say? Woujd you like It?" ' " ' ' - - "I should like It immppsely," she aqswcrpd litai without ii moqiriit'q liesltatloq; she was ulwnys roa'djr fpr nqy klp'd of haphazard ad, venture. And so, within n few mjuqtes' ti.iue, these tiyp wcrp hpjng uslierpff iqfo a souihje pass- age leading from tjie lane lqto tap lpter(or Pf the bqHdlng; at the end pf tlip pngsagp foppd a cpvk?erew Ijttie stairrhy which fkey SRlned thp poprldpr nhovp; qqd theq tlip pljl wpnran with thp keys proceed q : I fo cpq- duct tlipiq fhrpqgh thp qiystpripqs und sl)eqt YfSPflflj hprselt gq silent as ber sqryouqdings. If was nn e.crie kind of pqipmhulnttou. The long coiqppsiqg rpp'm, iq espeeiai; hail' an asppct pf qljsplqfp Ipppilfiess and dpsolatlpu; ifot eveq a fripqdly ghost was thorp, staiuj- Iqg at pqp pf ttlfp pases, setfiqg qp liqaginary type, As for (.hp darjc nrasse? of inptal iq the engine room, a still deeper gloom cn,c yejppcd these; and there \viip a kind of tl)reatcn|qg air about their pojd anff slqmbpr- ing strength; thpy sppnieff fp resent this |u, fruslon uppn their profound solitude and stillness.- Sometimes wild Eeiin, who was an impressionable sort pf young woman, drew hack a little; she d|d qpt pure to pcpc- trate further into those gulfs ot sbndqw. And then the explorers got them away to the front part of the building, which was of a more cheerful outlook; nud here they took possessiou of Mr. Grleve's room, with its bouud files of the Lopttou papers, its rows of books of reference, its atluses, mnnunls, dictionaries anil directories, und, conspicu ous on tbc writing tabic in tbe uilddle of tbo floor, its tin canister pf tobacco. Eeiin, who loved tbe ilgbf rather than the dark ness, quickly recovered ber spirits; nay. when she had examined everything with tho greatest lutcrest and curiosity, she grew merry and mischievous; she wquld have Mr Grieve know of this uiipurdouublc visitation; she would leave a message for him, us from the laud of spirits, and pin it on to ills desk. "Wlrat, then," said she, turning to her companion, nud fixing those glorious blue eyes of hers on his with n quite unthinking fearlessness of chnllenge, "what do you think? Rliyuie? A little poesy, with a knot of ribbon tied round the foot? It must lie awfully clever, you know, to atone for our abominable Impudence 111 coining into ills room. And I'm not very good at -Im promptus," she continued, sadly. "My little jests qre of the escqllcr! "I don't think you would find other people say so, Miss Eeiin," iiq observed, smiling; In- deed he had himself reco|lpefioqs of the shafts of supimer llghtntag tliat slip could seqd (herself giggling n|j' the while) round an afternoon tea fable w|iou she |uid been lirovoked. "But begin, Mr. Gilchrist, pcgln," ghc said, impatiently— aqd she ?nt ffowq and got hold of a writing pad. "Tell lup wluif to say-'Odp to a Sflb-Edltpr found ah sent'— bow gliall >yp begin? 'O wliffiug bird thnt for a time bast - flown, from oqt— froiq put the downy shelter of thy nest. By what for streamlet? fluttcrpst thpu alone, by what— by what— by what dim valleys In tjie I golden west?' Go pn, Mr, QHchrlst— now you go on I' "Not I!" bo said, "whoq you aro doing so inngniflecntly!" But In truth |m was hard- ly thinking of the sham poetry; lather lie was thinking of the extraordinary charm MUU fascination thuf thp mere presence of this splondlff creature seemed to eonfer on these poor offices. Would the atmosphere ever lose this radiance that now permen- ted it? Would he ever, coming Into tills room, see any-fifing bqt a vision occupying the snb-ed|tpr's chair— the vision of n ypung girl, gay, self-confident, serene, her beautiful profile bent down over the paper, the homespun jacket, showing the perfect lines of her figure, tlio dark blue Tarn o' Shunter perched ou the bountiful and bunched up mnsses of ber raven bluck hair? And the pen that she held In her fingers; the moment slie was gone lip woiild como swiftly back and annex that. If it chanced to bp spme favorite pf Grleve's, so much the worse for Grieve; he could uot relinquish so personal n souvenir of this memorable and eucbaqting escapade. And meanwhile Wild Eeiin was beating ber brains: sbe even bit at tbc end of licr pen — making It a thousand times more val uable Iq the eyes of file future possessor. "Why don't you help nip, Mr. Gilchrist?" she sniff, peevishly. And then he dusliort boldly In. " 'How knpwest thou, fluttering by yon western shore,' " he began. "Yes?" she said, by wqy of pneourage- ment. " 'Two raglpg cqekoos haye usurped thy don'—" " . "Oii, that's ridiculous!" she protested; but he went on doggpdly. " 'Thy special writing pad they've scrib- bled o'er; And now metlfinks they'll steal awny Eiy pen.' " He lind hard|y uttered the words when nn alarming crash occurred just behind liim, and n largo stone, hurled tfi rough one of the Windows, came rolling to bis feet. Ho wheled round; the old woman w|th the keys Shrieked nnd shrieked, ns another aud another missile came smnshlng through; nnd Eeiin sat upright In lier cbnir, ber yvlde, apart, nnlmnl-liko eyes all alert und obscry- , ant— but npt with fear. No, there wus no trace of fear lu the Juuo eyes; hut the proud and Imperious set of the mouth had become u trifle fixed. "Ppme back from the windows, My. Gil christ," said she. "I Uuow wlrat it is. The rabble of lads whom you slashed at ia fhls morning's -"Observer," hnve coqie tp have their revenge. Anff tiicy think there's qp one in tlio building; so t|int they can brenk n few windows with impunity- — " "Oh, do l)icy think that?" said be, with n hurried glance outside. "Do tbey think that?" Hi? heart was affiuze with wrath. Tlint t)ic beautiful little roiq&uco; of this uftoruoqn's advouturp— and even while M!ss EclIn was pretending to write poetry iu tlio sub-editor's chair— should he summarily brought fo an end by the same youug black', guards who lmd disgraced themselves in the theatre the evening before! "Stny where you arc,' sold he, perempt orily; "I shall not be long." lie dashed Into the composing room anff looked eagerly around, but nothing in the Shape of a weapon could ho flud anywhere, uutil l;is eye lit on nn old, broken pane, bottomed clinlr that iny lu a corqor, anff tbut he took up nnd wrenched limb from limb, until there remained in bis bauds a mast unholy four edged Implement. Then lie went out. It was rather lu a sucakiug way that lie passed dowu the lane. He professed to bo paying no attention to this assemblage of unruly louts, who were doubtless greatly enjoying tbc amusement of breaking the window panes of uu empty bu|ldlug. But when ho lrad cot well to tbe rear of them he charged— charged like a whirlwind upon them; knocking this one down, hurling taut one over, aud then, whenever three or four wore fouud togctiier, the impeLuous, promis cuous, Irresistible belaboring began, -wltb this godless Instrument tbnt seemed to have been invented for tho crushing of bones. The fury of Ajax increased. His eyes wore red hot. The leg of the cune,Uottomcd chulr seemed to he flying to all .points of the compass, hut Invariably tho end of tho- tra jectory Wus the bond or shoulders of the vagabond wlio chiinccd to bo tallest or nearest. Those grubby masses of Immunity pnrtcd— baited— re, treated— scattered themselves— looking back In amazement none the less. For this ou, slaught lind been so sudden tliat a general consternation bud been produced before tbey had lime to realise thut they were he, ing attacked by only one mnn. It is trim some eight or ten of tho cubs did form up lit the foot of the lane; nud It would linvo gone dismally hard with Archie Gilchrist If there had been stones about; but there wus not— for the roadway hero is of . hard and worn mnendnm; and the hobbledehoys liud exhausted the ammunition they - liaff brought with tlicm; so that when he weut straight for tiie middle of tills group they simply fell away from before lfitn, to get out of the reach of that awful truncheon; And then of n sudden there was a warning Whistle; someone had espied a policeman hurrying across the Suspension-bridge; and to about three seconds the rioters had van ished into tliln air. When the policeman ar rived there wus no tumult to quell; but tho windows of the "Observer" office presented a sorry sight. Then he went to the door in the lane; and who wns this but Wild Eel in herself await ing litoi — laughing and giggling nud immen sely delighted. As for him, lie was u trlllo breathless; nnd perhaps also a little ashamed of the violence of Ills rngc. "Well, tliut wus a fine nfilloc, as they say in the Lowlands," she called to him, us lie approached. "Why, what do you know of It?" lie de manded. "pidu't I toll you tojkecp-lrack from the windows?" "Likely! — when I lrad a little 'Armageddon: all spread out for my owu benefit! Most In teresting! I suppose a real battle Is some, thing like that — with ti little more color aud smoke thrown iu. But I must hurry oq .now, Mr. Gilchrist. I've torn up the lilies to Mr. Grieve; I thought lie mightn't under, stand. Gooil- byu; anil thank you ever sq luueh for showing me over the building." And so tiicy parted; mid ut once he went up to Tom Grleve's room, to secure the nib bled pen holder.' He did not Immediately, return, though the old wonrau of the keyd tvas waiting patiently below. For this com monplace npui'tinent hud undergone n sort of transfiguration— since a youug lady lint? been seated nt tlint actual desk there, hoc blue-bouneted head bunt over the pnper, her tones, merry, or petulant, or remonstrant, sounding strange — and yet so sweottnnd sq entrancing— in tbc a!l-pcrrudlng silence. | CHArTER XXIII.— A FRIEND AND ALLY. Miss Eel|u's shopping was soon over; and then In n casual kind of wny slie went round to t|ic Caledonian Hotel, to Inquire after lier vciiei'iihlu friend. Mio found liim 1" tho verandah overlooking the fragrant and bril liant garden plpts; and a proud man was liu stills great, white boarded, blind giant, when lie rose op |ior approach, nud stretched put both luiqds to welcome her. "It is kindly done of you, nnd more llinff I expected," said he, ns slie look a sent be side him, and made herself comfortable, while Angus went off to order tea. 'T was Just listening to tho hammers over there—, do you hear them?" Plainly enough, across tho wide r|vor, cnpic the qiultttudinnns click-click! tlinf tolff of the workmen getting ready the grounds dpvoteil to tho Highland games. "And I wns saying to myself, 'Yes, yes; hurry cn, hurry on; It will he a gay weep the next week; and of course Miss Ecliu is just us busy with her preparations ns the rest of lliem— ball dresses and tartan saslies, nud the like— uud it's not to lie expected tlmt she'll have n (bought to send In this direc tion.' And yet here you are!" "Yes, hero I am," said she, blithely, "and here I mean to remain, null! Angus sends the tea. For I'm safe here. Oh, it's a dread ful town this, Mr. Mncitonnld! There Is no order or government; every one takes the law Into his own hand; and no one thinks of interfering. Why, I have just heard, of a mnu having been heatcn black nnd bliiu foe selllug had fruit to children " "And serve him right!" wns the Instan taneous comment. "Ah, there it Is, you see," sue went on, sadly. "There it Is. Tlmt Is the result of liylug In a lawless atmosphere. Do you know wlint I saw only n few minutes ago? Why, there was a whole rabble of lads break ing the windows of a house; and when tbc occupant ennio ruuning out, what docs ho do? Send for the police? Not nt nil. ITo hn? got hold of a lump of furniture, aud be goes smashing amongst them right nnd left — scattering them In every direction — a tall youug ntuti ho was, nnd broad-shoulder ed, with fair hair rather long, so that ho really looked l|kc a Scnndiiraviau berserker— a berserker gouo mad with fury— and you .should have seen how tiicy lied like sliecp every time lie charged them. But I ask you, Mr. Macdonuld, Is this a Chistlau towu? Is this tlio nineteenth century? Aro wo sup posed to haye some sort of government and means of keeping order? I wonder you should choose to live in such a place!" "And will I toll ye, Miss Eeiin," said lie, rather gently, "what makes me like to linger on here, even when Angus and I have been planning oilier excursions?" "What, theq?" ''Well, just the chance of hearing a word of your vpice. Miss Eeiin— ns nt the present moment. Though I did not expect it this time. Nq, I did uot. I thought ye would be all taken up with your finery for tho dances — " "Mr. Macdounld," she snid, in something of a hurt way, "I wish you to understand. I don't want to go to either ot the balls: and. If I enn find any reasonable excuse, I shall not go." "Bless me," be exclaimed. "Bless mel At your time of life — I thought they would be great events. And especially with all the old Highland families represented — and who with a prouder position than Miss Macdomild of Kinvnlg?" "Mamma has been very kind about my dresses," she continued; "nnd — and perhaps It would disappoint her; perhaps I may havo \- to go; but I would much rather not; Indeed, \- indeed, I would much rntber come and sit by you, nnd read to you, those two even ings "i "Miss Eciin, are yon out of your mind!" ho remonstrated with her. "You that must take your, place, ay, among the best of them! And who will outshine her young ladyship of Kinvnlg? Ah, hut I've heard. I warrant ye, I've heard. You think n blind man can not see; but he can listen — from this one and that; and he can make a kind of pic ture. 'Well, well, though I am not to he there, I know who will hold her own. 1 know who will have her card of the dances first flllcd. And if I must tell you the truth, Miss Kelln, I've kind of taken a little hit liberty. I just wautcd to feel that I had a small share, the smallest share, in your splendor — for I know What's going to hap pen on those two evenings; I can hear. And you'll forgive me; you'll not think it imper tinent; but rntber tlie privilege of an old man; and besides something must be allowed for the pride of one's nnmc. . . . Are you there, Angus? — Angus!" Angus was not within hearing; hut at this point a waiter appeared, bringing along tho tea tray; nnd he was sent off In search. In about a minute or so — while Eclin was presiding at the little table — Angus turned' up; and from bis master be received cer tain half whispered instructions nnd n bunch of keys; then he went away. When he re turned be was carrying in his band a flat box about 8 inches square, covered in dark blue morocco. And. while Miss Eelln wns busy with cup nnd sanccr, old Allan Mncdonald opened the jewellery case, nnd passed his fingers lightly and caressingly over the contents. These wore a necklace nnd a small pair of earrings, apparently copied from an Etrus can design. The necklace consisting of a scries of equal sized golden shells, each pen dent little cup containing a solitary diamond of - purest water. That wns the ostensible fenture — a string of diamonds; but bosideB that, and between each two of the shells, nnd also pendent, though by a shorter golden thread, there was a tiny blob of coral; the result being that there were really two circ lets — the inner nnd thinner one of pale pink dots, the outer one the lustrous blaze of the cut stones. It wns a pretty combination of color — the gold, and pale pink, Rnd white; while the naive simplicity of the design was not the lenst admirable feature of this beau tiful thing, which otherwise might have ap peared a trifle too sumptuous for a girlish neck. When Eelin had given him his cup of tea, be banded over the open case. "Miss Eelin, will you tell me what you think of that? Tell me frankly— quite frank ly—for perhaps there's something else." If he could have scon the sudden look of admlrntion that leapt into her face and filled . iter eyes, lie would not have doubted much. "They're good stones," he said. "I made sure of that. I went to both Edinburgh nnd Glnsgow; and I had experts with mo. May- he I should have waited until Somerled caine back; bat then, Willi these two assemblies next wool;— Well, and what do you think of it, Miss Eelin ?" "It is perfectly lovely!" she cried— and the tone of lier voice told him all he wanted to know. "It is perfectly exquisltcl The grace fulness of it— the simplicity— and the beauti ful color— nnd the brillinncy ' "Ay, ay, do you say that!" he interposed, cngerly, and In groat delight. "Did not I tell you, then, that I wished to add my mite to your triumph, when ynu go among those people next week. 'And tho daughter of Tyre shall be there with a gift,' " be added, smiling at his own cleverness. ' . "Yes," said Eelin, regarding the radiant, coil, "Indeed, It Is lit for a king's dnnghtcr —bat not for me." "My donr young lady," said he, "you're go ing to mnko mo very liappy by accepting my little present, and not another word more nbout it. I told you it wns an old man's privilege " "But, Mr. Mncdonald, I nm overwhelmed!" She protested. "How shall I ever be able to thank you " . . "Not another word— not a single word," he Insisted. "Will you let me send you a' message in Gaelic," she said, desperately,: "after I get homo this evening?" "All, yes, that!— yes, that—" lie answered her, with obvious satisfaction. "That, if you like— nnd if you tblnk it is worth while, my- dear." So .this matter wns settled; nnd then they proceeded to speak of other affairs— chiefly in connection with the great events of the following week; but by-nnd-bye Eelin said— with a timidity nnd cmbnrrassmcnt tbnt of course he could not perceive — "Oil, Mr. Mncdonald — I — I think you men tioned something nbout your son comlpg linck to this country. Have you — had any news, then?" "Flenty of news — plenty of news," he answered her, "but perhaps not quite so ex plicit as one could wish. You see, Somerled understands well cnougli that his letters to me must be read by n third person; nnd al though wo have a cypher code between us, It is not easy to make everything clear nbout tlio railway matters without mentioning rinmes; and then again it nligllt be mischiev ous if information got into the papers' prematurely. There's no ono ' can overhear us?" lie asked, lowering his voice. "Not a soul near!" she responded. "For there'll be a flue revelation out there ore long!" he continued. "The lad has had it'nll his own way— Indeed, he is a decvil of determination; nnd when the great amalga mation is' declared, the wreckers will find their feet, just cut from under thcra. But I must not trouble you with such things, Miss Eelin; I cnnnof\ expect yon to understand thcin— " "No, I only wiBlied to hear whether your son wns coming hack soon— to keep you com pany " "Well, now, that's strange!" said the tali, old, white- bonrded man. "For the lad has rrnl cmno rlnfr Irion Into Ills lipnd thnt lie would like to come over here nnd settle down for good— or perhaps merely rent a place for n year or two by way of trial— now Hint he can leave everything safe nnd secure on the other side. Miss Eel Iti, wns I telling you tbnt I did very well at Altnnbarrn, at tlie trolling?" lie went on, with a bit of n chuckle. "Ay, indeed, the old doited blind body did better than the sharpest- eyed o\ tli era all; and will I tell ye the reason? When tlie two rods are out at the stern of the bont, nnd when tlio trolling has begun, if yo chance to see thnt the point of ono of the " rods is trembling, it's just not in mortal man ' to refrain from snatching thnt rod lip, and as like as not yo pull the phantom minnow away from the flsli; whereas the poor old blind body is under no such temptation; he lets the rod nlone until the flsh lias well hooked itself; nnd then the skirl of the reel Is plenty of warning. And Somerled has been ever too busy n man to learn fly-fishing; : but lie could mnnnge tlie trolling; nnd him nnd inc might have many a happy day on one o' ihe Highland lochs. And yet I don't understand lilin. Sometimes he writes as if lie would like to come; and again he writes ns If he wns afraid of this country. He's a strange lad altogether. Hard-headed In business ns lie is, be Uns qneer, . erratic no tions sometimes; but tbey lie deep down. He Is not a tnlkcr." Old Allan Mncdonald, at all events, was — when ills son Somerled wns the subject; nnd Eelln of the eyes like the sen wave lis tened with a concentration of interest which pt least encouraged lilin by its silence. "It's seldom that a young man of thirty / - can say to himself that he has done enough . of the world's work to leave him free to consider how he should occupy himself otherwise. Of course, be bad a good start. 1/ put: him on n good platform. But I wns getting old and loBing my nerve; I could not have dared to do what be has done; and maybe I could not have got as many people to follow me. But he is the strangest ras cal! Money he cares not one doit for, ex cept as an Instrument. . Success nnd power be has striven for — and won; but piling up money as an end In Itself, that he passes by as futile. And so, my dour young lady, if you should ever lienr of thnt boy of iniuo doing something thnt sounds rather wild, do not you think thnt lie has lost his wits. It may sound eccentric; but there will he n reason in it, sufficient for himself, ' at nny rate; nnd tlint's nil lie cares for. I sup pose that's all lie cares for. If Jie wife to do some splendid tiling, some mngnonimous thing, as like as not be would keep himself entirely In tlie background, so that no one should ever know. He's the oddest combi nation. They're level- headed fellows out there In Canada — the compnny promoters and financiers: and yet they follow tlie young railway king like a flock of children. Yes; and some dny or other they'll he hunt ing of some frantic act of generosity V "Mr.. Mncdonald," said she, demurely, "doesn't lie inherit that falling?" "I beg your pardon- 7" "Doesn't lie iuhorit that failing of reck less generosity? I am holding n box in my hands." "I tell you this, Miss Eelin," lie answered her, warmly, "that If Somerled were licre at tills moment, and if I were to sny to liim, 'It is tho wish of Miss Mncdonald of Kin vnlg that you go down to the Suspension- bridge there, nnd walk oat to the middle ot it, and throw yourself headlong into the river,'. do you think he would refuse?" "I hope he wouldn't do anything so per fectly mad!" she exclaimed— but all the same lier face was suffused with color. "I should be nsbntned of him if he hesi tated for a moment!" the old man said. "But, Mr. Macdonnld," she protested, al most pltcously, "that exaggerated devotion nnd loyalty to an old family name is quite an anachronism " "Is it?" lie said. "Well, it may be so. Per haps It does not accord very well with modern sentiments of independence, l'cr- hnps It is only a tradition; but it Is a tradi tion that is faithfully and affectionately cherished, not only here and there nmong the glens of the old country, but among the settlements nnd tho plnewood clearances far across the sens. Why, you know, Miss Eelia, ns well as I know, that that devoted loyalty throbs and' burns, in many a heart, nnd no where more ardently than nmong the folk whose messnge I bring to you, from thou sands of miles nwny " "It puts one into so false a position!" she said. "So much is expected of you. It's all very well for Loclilol or Cluuy; they can do so much for their people; but what can my mother nnd I do for the scattered rcmiinut of the House of KInvaig? We cnu appreci ate their kindly affection— so simple and earnest It Is; but what can we offer them in return? We arc but the shadow of a shade. We have no'power or Influence " "Ah, but you might have— you might have," he half muttered to himself, "if some of those fanatic Macdonalds of Ontario had their way." As Eelin walked quickly home that even ing, safe-guarding her resplendent treasure ill the blue box, she found herself unex pectedly furnished with n protector. He was a small, dark, iron grey terrier, witii alert nnd intelligent eyes and alert and expressive cars; anil, having apparently dropped dowu from nowhlthor at all, lie forthwith pro ceeded to take possession of her. But he wns a very cunning little dog. At first lie would not even look at her; he merely walked ahead of her, some four or five yards being between tlicm, bis deportment of tbc gravest like tbnt of souie miniature major- domo. Only once or twice wns there a swift, half concealed, backward glance, to make Sure she was coming; and occasionally there was a low growl seat forward, ns a warning to evildoers to ho gone. Now ibis was per plexing; for she was nlwnys getting into trouble through stray dogs following her home— old Maxwell the gardener having to waste hour after hour lu seeking for owners; while as for summarily dismissing this small nnd important person who had become her sclf-clcctcd champion, she could not think of so wounding Ills diguity— probably he wns a contributor to tlio "Spectator." Accordingly she tried ills own stratagem; she feigucd not to sec him; she halted, and leaned an arm ou the iron rail, nnd looked ubrond and across the wide shivering silver stream to the fur row of elms that spread themselves fnniikc ngniust the glow of the western skies. She listened to tlio hammering of the workmen in the distant enclosure— to the muffled call ing of children In still rcinotcr playgrounds. And . then she came back— warily— warily- only to find thnt tho little iron grey terrier wns still there, stealthily nnd stendily watch ing her with vigilant and sagacious black eyes. And then, throwing off deceit and wile, she strode forward to him, and addressed lilin In angry tones: "Now, Pclerkln, I toll you it's no use; it's no good your pretending to ho a friend of mine, for I never saw you before. Why don't you go away home? If you come with me, do you luiow what will happen? You'll be locked up in tlie tool house; nnd I'll have to pay for an advertisement In the 'Observer'; and tho people who own you will come out grumb ling and snying tbey never wanted any ad vertisement. Go away, do you bear? Go back Into tlie town— off— oft!" Now tbc effect on. Petcrkln, if. such were by accident his nnmc, of this objurgntion was most surprising; it seemed to send him Into a perfect oestney of delight. He squirmed nnd grinned and grovelled; lie danced about; ho clutched tlie earth with outstretched deprecating fore-pnws, and buried his nose in them; he wriggled his body like an adder swimming ncross a sal mon pool;, tlien his murmuring whines broke into one or two joyous yelps, ns ho rande a dasli upward, to meet the expected caress of her hand." "Come, come," said she, severely, "this nonsense won't do at all. I must be getting on, whatever yon may he after." But the moment she resumed ber route be ngnlu and Instantly took up ills position as guardian, walking in advance of hor with important demonnor, nnd ever nnd agnin turning round ns mucli ns to sny, "You trust to me. Don't be afraid. I'll kepp tho rond clear for you." In especial his eye wns fixed on three half-bred fox terriers which, at the near end of tho Susnensiou-brldce. were slowly walking round each other with tails ' stiffened nnd erect. A general out break of war seemed imminent; but Peter- kin did not deign to intervene; lie main tained an attitude of calm observation; If he and his mistress were allowed to golby In ponce, lie would not seek to join in a vul gar squabble. Far otherwise wns it when his attention was claimed by the other side of the river; for tlioro Indeed were lions in tlie path— a liugo St. Bernard and a large black retriever, that were Idly wandering about tlie ; further end of the bridge, nnd tbnt nt once awoke ills Ire. IIo growled to bid them depart. Then, seeing tliey took no heed, he flow down tlie grassy bank to tlie water side, and a scries of exnloslvo barks rang out ncross the stream, cutting the nir with their shrill anger. And then he trotted back to his past, looking up as he went to his mistress for a word of appro val. "Yes, it's nil very well, Peterkln," said she to her valiant champion, "to challenge big dogs when they're on tbc other side of a wide river— that Is wise and prudent. But you forget that we have to cross the Sus pension-bridge, nnd' that cither of those nnl-: mals can just snap your head off If it likes." However, as It turned out, tho large, slow, melaucholy-eyed St. Bernard and the fat and curly old retriever paid no attention to the courageous' rotcrkln, who, on Eelin's ar rival nt Glengnrvn House, was forthwith handed over to tlie ministrations of Max well, tbe gardener. Maxwell declared him to be a young dog of a most famous nud valu able breed, and knew there would lie hnnd bills all over the town on the following Mon day; there wns no need for Miss Eelin to en croach Ou her pocket money for nny ad vertisement. And so, promising Petcrkln to come nnd take him out for a stroll on tho Intervening day; she went Into the house. Her heart, that had been cheered up a bit and Interested by this little adventure, seemed now to sink somewhat; the prevailing silence appeared to bo a silence of forebod ing. (To be Continued.) > 