NEWS AND NOTES. City Council The fortnightly meeting of the City Council will be held to-night at 8 o'clock. The Minister on Mines Mr. Lefroy, the Minister of Mines, is expected to return to town from Walebing to-day. Intercolonial Mail The ordinary mail for transmission to the eastern colonies by the lists. Australia will close at the General Post Office, to-day, at 1.45 p.m. Alleged Wife Assaulted the City Police Court, yesterday, Cornelius Cowan was charged with assaulting his wife. An application for a remand was granted, the prosecutrix being absent. Water Consumption in the City. We understand from the chairman of the Waterworks Board that the consumption of water on Saturday totalled 1,080,000 gallons, and on Sunday 801,000 gallons, leaving the reservoir four inches from full. Director of Public Works Mr. P. H. Piesse, Director of Public Works, left Perth yesterday morning for Narrogin, on the Great Southern Railway, where he will to-day open the new Agricultural Hall that has been erected there. He, will return to Perth to-morrow. v Proposed City Analyst -The health and sanitary committee will recommend that an analyst be appointed at a retaining fee of £10 per annum, as under the Health Act, 1898, the Government Analyst, who is at present acting for the council, is appointed referee in cases of dispute, and it is the committee hold, impossible for him to fulfil both offices. ? j of Mr " Free Gardeners. - The half-yearly meeting of the G.U.O. Free Gardeners was held at the society's office last Thursday night. The M.W.G.M., Bro. Chandler, occupied the chair. An application for a charter to open a branch of the society at South Perth, signed by 24 applicants, was granted. It was decided to perform the opening ceremony this (Tuesday) evening. Charge of Embezzlement. - Harry Plant, already under sentence for another offence, was brought up at the City Police Court yesterday charged with the larceny of two sums of money, 25s. and 5s., the property of his employer, Mrs. Hogg. He pleaded guilty. The Police Magistrate, after lecturing the youth on his folly, sentenced him to three months' imprisonment, with hard labour, in addition to the sentence he is now serving. A Temperance Hall fob Subiaco At a meeting of the representatives of the various temperance bodies in Subiaco, on Thursday evening last, it was decided to form a temperance league in Subiaco, with the primary object of securing a site to erect a Temperance Hall in that suburb. After much routine business had been gone through the meeting adjourned until Thursday, December 1. Finance Committee. To-night, at the City Council meeting, the finance committee will report the following balances to 16th November, 1898 General account, dr. £1,586 15s. 11d.; loan rate account, cr. £2, 15 7s. 8d.; trust account - current account cr. ¿¡2,406 2s. 9d., fired deposits cr. £5,264 15s. Edser. £7,70 17s. 11d.; No. 7 loan account, Cr. £16,8 23 16s. 8d.; health and sanitary account, dr. ¿21,28110s. 9d. Health on the City At the last meeting of the health and sanitary committee Dr. O'Connor, whose report will be read at to-night's meeting of the City Council, stated that during the past fortnight four cases of typhoid fever and two of diphtheria had been reported. During the same period 11 cases of fever had been admitted to the Public Hospital, six being from Perth, three from Subiaco, and one each from Canning Mills and Cannington. There were 20 cases of fever in the hospital, as against 21 at the corresponding time last year. On the whole the public health remained very good. Deaf and Dumb Institution The monthly meeting of the committee of the Deaf and Dumb Institution took place on Friday last, when there were present: Dean Goldsmith (in the chair, Mr. F. A. Moseley, and Lieut.-Col. 87 W. Haynes. Mr. C. H. Wilkinson, one of the trustees appointed at the recent general meeting of subscribers, was entrusted with the business of incorporating the institution. It was decided to invest all money subscribed for building purposes in the Perth Benefit Building, Investment, and Loan Society. Accounts for the month, amounting to 248 12s. 10d., were passed for payment. It was decided to renew the lease of the institution's premises in Trafalgar-road for a further period of six months, the original term of eighteen months for which they were taken having expired. Customs and Excise Collections. The following return of net customs and excise collections in the colonies mentioned during the month of September has been supplied to us by Mr. Clayton Mason, Collector of Customs New South Wales : Customs, ¿£93,95S 12s. 4d.; excise, £25 149 53\. Tasmania : Customs, ¿£37,922 13s. 3d.; excise, £1,450 Os. 4d. Western Australia : Customs, £75, 543 7s. 7d. excise, ¿£1,88416s. 8d. Victoria: Customs, ¿£174,156 4s. 4d.; excise, £22,8 22 6s. 10d. South Australia : Customs, £51,80 43. 8d.; excise, £2, 45 3s. 11d. Fiji: Customs, £3,81 11s. 10d. Queensland. Customs, ¿£114,346 13s. 8d.; excise, £11, 183 11s. 7d. (including Totalisa- tor Tax, £1840 2s. 1d., and Border Tax, 240 7s. 9d.) General Purposes Committee. - The general purposes committee will recommend at this evening's meeting of the City Council that the cab stand in Hay-street East be removed, and that in its place two cabs be allowed to stand opposite the Criterion Hotel, with a supply stand in Pier-street, between Murray and Hay streets; that Henry Clifford be allowed to run waggonette? every 30 minutes from Marquis-street along Wellington and Lord streets, to Edward street, and vice versa, on condition that each waggonette has a distinctive mark, to be approved by the traffic inspector, and that the waggonettes be subject to the same rules and regulations as omnibuses and that £100 be placed on the estimates for the ensuing year for furnish- ing expenses. Works Committee's Report At to-night's meeting of the City Council, the works committee will recommend that a footpath be constructed on the west side of Lindsay-street (the owners having agreed to pay 6d. per lineal foot) subject to the approval of the finance committee that two oil lamps be erected in Eva-street, one at the corner of Wellington and. George streets, and four in Mount's Bay-road; that B. Pratley be offered the sum of £5 53., without prejudice, in full settlement of any damage to his property or effects by reason of the flooding of his land; that Mr. H. Bowley be paid the sum of 2850, in consideration and in full settlement of professional services render; ed by him in connection with the electric- light- > ing scheme to date that £250. be expended in improvements to parks and reserves in each ward; and that accounts amounting to 266 12s. 3d., paid since last meeting, and £1,874, presented for payment, be passed. Judicial Irony During the hearing of a case before the Full Court yesterday, a ledger, which was not in the best state of preservation, had to be examined by the Court. The Chief Justice, while turning over the grimy leaves, remarked that he would require to wash his hands after the examination of the volume. " Litigants," he remarked, " might come into court with clean books if they do not always come with clean hands." League of the Cross, Fremantle. The reopening of the League of the Cross concerts, after a fortnight's recess, took place last night in St. Patrick's Hall, Fremantle. Rev. Father Ryan occupied the chair, and an attractive programme was submitted to a large audience. Among the principal performers, all of whom were favoured with encores, were Misses Ruby Cameron, Agnes Bryan, and Annie Jarvis, and Messrs. F. E. Henry, Bell, Lindsay Gordon, Andy Burns, Baumberg, E. Java Dix, and W. O Mason. The Fishing Industry. On Friday last a large number of fishermen met at Safety Bay for the purpose of making; arrangements for improving their present system of disposing of fish. Mr. Winter, of the fishing boat Lurline, was elected chairman. It was unanimously agreed to discontinue all fishing in Safety Bay on Sundays, and Mr. Winter was appointed to represent the general body of fishermen at Fremantle, with full power to dispose of their fish to the best advantage. It was decided to call a meeting at an early date for the purpose of considering the advisability of forming a fishermen's association. Christian Endeavour The preparatory meetings of the annual convention of the West Australian Christian Endeavour Union were held last Sunday morning in the Wesley Parlour and last night in Trinity Hall. The attendance at both meetings was good. The last-mentioned meeting was held at the invitation of, and in conjunction with the Trinity Congregational Society, the pastor (Rev. W. T. Kench) delivering an address upon "Con- This was termed by him "the, keynote of the convention." The opening session of the convention will take place on Wednesday afternoon at 3 o'clock in Trinity Church, under the leadership of the Rev. A. W. Bray and the Rev. E. Davies. Adelaide University Examinations. The local examinations in connection with the Adelaide University began in the Central School, James-street, yesterday. The candidates were divided into senior and junior, the numbers being seven and eleven respectively. The i senior candidates were yesterday examined in- French, physical geography and- geology. ' French and German were the subjects prescribed for the juniors. The examination was conducted in the morning by Captain Campbell, of the volunteer force, and in the afternoon by Mr. T. F. Quinlan, M.L.A., these gentlemen being members of the examination committee. The examinations will be held every day this week until Saturday. To-day tests in the following subjects will be placed before the candidates Morning English history and English literature for seniors and juniors ; evening-geography for juniors and applied mathematics for seniors. The examination to-day will be conducted in the morning by Mr. Cyril Jackson, Inspector General of Schools, and in the afternoon by Mr. T. F. Quinlan. A "Ghost" at Cannington. - During the past week a man has been scaring timid folk out at Cannington by masquerading as a "ghost." The matter was reported to the police, but the foolish person still continued his pranks till last Saturday, when a local resident waylaid him with revolver, and threatening to fire succeeded in capturing him. His costume was mainly a sheet in which two eye holes had been cut, the rims being decorated with red paint. Black trunks and silk lights were worn beneath the sheet, the masquerader" feet being encased in light shoes. Having secured his captive, the local resident held a council of war with seven others like unto himself. It was decided on the voices that the ghost should not be given up to the police, but should he entertained by his captors at a "paling circus." The cir- cus" lasted till the eight judges were nearly exhausted, and the captive spirit quite so. Each honest son of toil laid on with his paling till the groans and the means and the usual dull, hollow sounds were what should be uttered by a properly constituted ghost. Then they let the " poor pale thing " go, minus its sheet, but with a large assortment of hardwood splinters in its anatomy. And now the conspiring ghost-layers do not quite know how they will come out of the affair should their individuality be revealed to the authorities. 