Dioeese of Port Augusta. BISHOP MAHE RAT THE CATHEDRAL. The cathedral of Port Augusta occupies .'a lbrely position, .crowning as .it does the lull that overlooks Our seaport town. ITromtheporch steps a -picturesque pano ; the now the, eastern boundary,; while ran equally rtffaggei range forms, as it. were, the western Wall to our'picture, while the blue waters the gulf to thb south, twisting and turn ing, add to, the beauty of the landscape, •The interior -of the temple is inisoacert igjc wi&dp; th^eiv91?^*®^ walls is there pot lOflerOd a pure sndaolfau holocaust to .the •Creator of Nature? The-good Uistewdf St. Joseph hpve charge of the sanctuary decorations, fell "hMdr exquisitely artiBtic decorations frequently .call, forth well merited applause from an admiring con Did a stranger pass by the cathedral on Friday evening or Saturday morning, the bustle of preparation. going pn would have arrested his attention, for groups of lads and lasses were to~be seen coming thither ward with dowers, garlands, &c.; " jCleatly, some festival jus at hand, and one of interest to the juveniles,*' must have beep t^e gazer's oonclusioh. It. was even so—ror, ph the morrow, his Lordship, Dr. Maher, was to administer the Sacrament of Confirma tion. Sunday morning broke clear and light here, one of those ideally perfect days, of which Italy's poets rave. At eight o'oloc]k Dr. Maher celebrated mass; hut not having fully recovered from the physical ahd mental strain incurred by the arduous work which a visitation of the extensive diocese of Port Augusta entails, the Bev. John O'Mahony administered Holy Communion. This was a very wise provision, for had his Lordship in his present weak state of health endeavored to give Holy Communion to the children and adults who presented them selves (to the number of about 120), he must have been greatly enfeebled for the great function which awaited his adminis tration at the 11 o'clock mass. At eleven o'clock a " Missa Cantata " was sung by the cathedral choir, the celebrant being the Sev. J. O'Mahony. After mass his Lordship was escorted to the episcopal throne, and then began one of those im pressive ceremonies of which Holy Church is so prolific. The organ pealed forth, the choir rendered with, devotional emotion the hymn of the Holy Ghost, " Veni Creator," the youthful candidates prostrated them selves in humble prayer, and meanwhile the bishop was enrobed in pontificals. The hymn ended, bis Lordship ascended the altar, and gave a very able and instructive exposition of the doctrines regarding the sacrament of confirmation, explaining minutely the various ceremonies and expounding their liturgical meaning, concluding by a fervent prayer that the Holy Ghost would replenish the hearts of his young discipleB. Now two by two the candidates ap proached the sanctuary steps and were anointed with chrism and confirmed by the bishop; Mrs. Carrig, senior, and Miss Catherine Beard acted as sponsors. All being confirmed, the bishop taking the pastoral staff in his hand arose and, moved by the solemnity of the day, gave utter ance to his paternal solicitude for the children's well-being in a most soul-stirring address on the moral obligations of fol lowers of Jesus crucified. His Lordship, in concluding, invited the children to pro tect themselves betime with the breast work of prudence, and to gird themselves with the sword of never-failing prayer. To his invitation to join the " League of the Cross" the children made a ready re sponse, in which not a. few of their parents joined. The musical portion of the ser vice was well rendered by the Cathedral choir; the soloists being Misses Kinnear, Flaherty, Carrig, Mrs. Cahill, and Mr. M. Boss. Miss T. Zering presided at the organ. After mass a deputation from the congre gation waited on his Lordship to express their sympathy with him in his late sick ness, and to congratulate him on the beau tiful inBtrhction and sermon they had that day heard from him. Mr. W. P. Mullen was the chief speaker, and concluded a nice address by wishing his Lordship many years of strength in which he would guide the destinies of his vast diocese to important successes. Other speakers offered hiB lordship the unswerving fidelity of the people ofPort Augusta. We noticed among others present Messrs. Moran Bros. (2), Crowley (Saltia), O'Loughlin (Stirling), Hannan (Winninowie), Hayman, Hanning han, and Carrig, sen. (Port Augusta). In the evening His Lordship desired to give benediction of the Blessed Sacrament, but being too feeble, the Bev. John O'Mahoney conducted the service, preach ing a very telling sermon on Christian temperance, Dr. Matter presiding at the throne. So concluded a festive day that will be long remembered in Port Augusta. It is satisfactory to know that the repu tation which Mr. H. Netfclebeek, of Freeman Street, has so long enjoyed as a first-class plumber, gasfitter and ironworker, is ever increasing, and that the public has implioit confidence in all work undertaken by that gentleman. The large staff of workmen always employed is a further guarantee that Mr. Nettlebeck is prepared as hereto fore to carry out ..all contracts with the most exacting promptitude; We trust that our Catholic institutions will not overlook the claims of this very popular tradesman, as he is a consistent supporter of " The Southern Cross," and ever ready to lend a hand to all our charitable institutions when appealed to. That a largeabate of public patronage will be accorded .to Mr. Nettlebeck in the future is oar most ear nest wish While a drove of bullocks were being driven .through an Irish village from a-fair One of the animals suddenly stoppsd. aud, notwithstanding all the efforts of the dro ver, would not move, on its way. ,jA Chemist, who happened;to see the affair, went up to. the bullock, and injected a drug down its throat, which made theanimal career down■: the street like greasedlight htng.- About five .^minutes afterwardwthe drover. entered .the oh'emiBt's shop, wiping theperspiratiob offhisjhead, and. asked; the Shopman if be wore the;party who.gave thebullock some medicine. "lam,"said <tb~e chemist. '' WOU." aaid the drover, ''111 takea pennyworth of it,aa I have'to folloWthe beast" 