The Harold Frederic Inqueat SENSATIONAL (^I' l'olU tin* Addaiilr VLliDUT. <'hrotiirlr.) London, Nuv. I I, l.s'JS, The Harold Frederic inquest ended en Tuesday lii^t with u sensational verdict of manslaughter against the ih«- ceased's mistress, Kate Lyon, and the Christian scientist operator, Mrs Mills. The ladies were at niico admitted to bail, Mr Frank Harris, of the Saturday Ilt'rieu', beinu- one of the sureties. A magisterial enquiry is now in progress, but whatever the decision may be tinease must go for trial to the Central Criminal Court, the coroner's jury's verdict operating as a true bill. The result, when the circumstances are threshed out by counsel, will almost certainly be an acquittal, though Miss Lyon deserves a fright. She was warned more than once by i>r Boyd that in turning away medical aid she ran serious risks, but would pay no attention. The law on the point is clear enough, and Dr Mortison, the coroner, appears to have laid it down with substantial accuracy. If any persons assume control ot the helpless or impotent, they make themselves responsible for the exercise of due caution, and if death endues from the failure to exercise it tlif-y are guilty of manslaughter. What is strenuously denied by Mr Frederic's friends is that he was either helpless or impotent. Under the iniluenee of Miss Lyon he may have been. Presumably lie eared for her, and to please her put up with the ministrations of Mrs Mills. But there is nothing particularly mad in that, and if airing his " i'uds " in sulphurous language be a sign ot lunacy Frederic must nil his life have been as i J i crazy as a halter. ,,,, ! i i ill I lie papers seem a good deal startled by the verdict, and most of iliem main- ] t-ain Mr Frederic had a perfect right to j eu.piov either allopaths, honn.-opaths. ' i i fn' ... • •, i t , I or Christian scientists, as he thought best. Cliri>tian science, according to the witnesses before the coroner and J .o general repute, is a form of healing by faith. It consists paitly in prayer and partly in imbuing the patient with a belief that he will recover. Can any human tribunal (asks one able editor) presume to limit the el'licaey ui' prayer .' Will any doctor venture to say that the expectation of recovery is not beneficial, or that in nervous disorders it may not be efficacious .' Mrs Mills and Miss Lyon may he quite mistaken, hut the question whether they are right or wrong is not to be settled by twelve men in a box. It is a problem far beyond their power to solve, or even to comprehend, Mr Frederic was r utitled to adopt any methods he pleased for the improvement of his health or to adopt no methods at all. It. was suggested that being an intellectual man lie could not have believed in Christian .science, hut that is nons MISC. Dr Johnson was quite as intellectual a man as Mr Frederic, and he believed in the Cooklane ghost. The evidence of Mr Whiteing shows clearly that when Mr Frederic was in good health he expressed his respect for Christian science. Mr Whiteing tried to laugh or reason him out of it, but he did not succeed. If in these circumstances Mrs Mills, who attended Frederic, and treated him in accordance with her principles, is criminally responsible for his death, a new and dangerous extension will have been given to the penal law. Suppose that Mr Frederic had been attended by hom<eopathists. Allopathic doctors would have conscientiously sworn that he was in the hands of quacks who could not cure him, and had probably killed him. The obvious answer would be that that was not a question Cor a coroner's jury or for any other. It may be safer to stick to the family doctor and the orthodox drugs. hut personal liberty involves the right of swallowing the wrong medicines and calling in the wrong practitioners. 