AN AWFUL EXPERIENCE COMZLETE IN THIS ISSUJU. my JOHN A. SANDEEV9AN, Author of " "Wells, Fargos Box," "JForced to ho Bravo," &o.;, &o.; fcOPYBiaHT. OME twenty yeura ago an old pros- peotor died at tho hotel iu which I J was staying in SVJ) Tuscon, Arizona. Tho day uftor the funeral I was handed a small puclect which he had bequeathed to i mo as an ucktiow- i ledgemcnt of a 1- slight service I I had rendered him i during his illucs-s. Ho had very little jg - to leave, poor old fellow, and I he- gait to open tho packet with somo curiosity as to its contents. , On removing tho cover l found a pines of rusk speckled with sinull green crystals, and wrappod in a sheet of paper on which something had been writton so badly that I could muko nothing of it, except that it gave some dirootions about a man named Gcorjre Cannon. I was still puzzling myself over it when my friend «ToIui Harlow caino into tho room. John was a tall, broad shouldered fellow, with a large, fair beard, and fearless, kindly blue eyes. "When I handed the letter to him and said that I thought it referred to somcono named George Cunuou, ho lookod over it for a minute, and. then burst into a roar of laughter. ' "Why, Jem," bo said, shipping me on tho shoulder, "this is a description of a gorge in the main canon of tho Colorado." Then when I gavo him the piece of rock and explained bow it caino into my possession, he continued, " That's limestone, and — by jove ! — emeralds!" . We both became oxoited ovor this discovery, and although we know ' that the description of tho gorge might possibly have no reference to tho specimen, wo decided to visit the place at ouco and thoroughly 4 pros pect" the country. Tho following day wo started on our expedition, uud after a search extending over three weeks we found u gorge which resembled that described by tho old prospector. To mo it seemed unlikely that the specimen had been found in such a place. Tho narrow strip of land that sloped down to the river in front of us was covered with watorworn boulders, grout sundstono bluffs shut out tho viow in other directions, and masses of fallen rock rendered tho gorge impussable. John, liowover, found asinitll pieco of limestone, mid although it earned no emeralds it was tho right kind of formation, and as it must have been washed down the canon wo deoided to rcnow our search further up the river. To accomplish this wo hud to retrace our steps into a rising couutry until wo were at u sufiicient elevation to cross a plateau which lay in n beud of tho canon, uud then ndvauoo along tho top of a stupendous preoipieo thousands of foot in height. (Some parts of tho canon ure over 5,000 feet deep.) When wo at last found a place where we could agaiivjdescend we had to lead our horses for two days down slanting ledges and rocky elopes without daring to look into . tho awful depths below. A bitter dinappoiutmont awaited us. When wo readied a largo gross-grown , flat at the bottom wo discovered that both up and down the .cunon the river washed tho perpendicular walls on either side. X was so much discouraged that I proposed wo should mako our way buck to Tuscon, but John was determined to persevere. " Wo bavon t half tried yet," ho said. "If there had been no difficulty about finding where tho emeralds catno from thoy would liavo been hunted up long ago." 44 1 have it!" lie exclaimed, after a moment's thought. There's some timber growing at the upper end of tho flat. Let us ' make a stout raft of logs, trust to luok, and float down tho stream. That's tho way to find both the limestone and a place to get at it" I did not reply, and was still hesitating as to whether I ought to consent to so wild a scheme when a great uprooted treo stranded on the point whero we woro standing. Directly nTy eyes rested 011 two great branches which had grown so closely together that at twenty foot from their junction with the trunk thoy were only a few-feet apart, I felt lioro was a means of making our journey without the danger uttonding an ordinary raft of having it torn to pieces against some obstaclo in tho 6trcnni. A similar thought hud crossed my partner's mind, for ho anticipated what I was about to say, by pointing out how easily we could convert the 'joined logs into a sort of huge catamaran, or double-keeled boat. Wo set to work at onco to carry out our purpose, and by niAt wo had chopped through the trunk just below where it joined tho two great branches ; trimmed tho short pieco wo' had left to hold them, together, in such a way that it would form a bow or cutwater , mid constructed on the double log a rough deck or platform, to which we ' had fastened loops of rupo in order that wo could Klip our limbs 'through them to avoid being thrown off into the water when concussion with rocks or drifting trees became inevitable. The next mpniing wo curried our pro visions ou bourd, secured thoiri firmly, and with long poles wo had cut for such purposes, pushed off into tho stream. Our Graft was a success, for although the bow dipped a little wheu thu current rau swiftly, tho platform remained perfectly dry. Tho scenery through whtch we passed was awful in its grandeur. In some places tho cliffs rose to ii height so great that the summits appeared to lean fovwurd, uud a , narrow blue strip of sky- wiih all that ould bo .Keou above them; in other placed the rooky walls broke into ten thousand pinnacles, the highest of whioh glistened in the sun, like silver 'beacons to guide tho drift ing clouds. 7 Twice wo struck hidden rocks with suffi cient force to prove tho necessity of always keeping a tight hold. About an hour after we started our speed had become so great and the shocks our raft received so violent that we woro very inuoh alarmed. "Listen! what duos that mean?" said John Harlow, as a heavy roaring brake upon our euis, and then us wo swept round a betid in tho river ho Hhouted : "Hold on for your life, we ure coming to a waterfall." X slipped my arms and legs through some of tho loops. Then I raised my head, and although I could not see anything of the fall, I formed somo idea of the rate wo wore travelling ; for several huge rocks appeared in tho river, ahead of us, and no sooner were thoy in sight than wo pussed them liko a flash. Presently our oraft struck something, swung round, and in uu instant, with the water roaring and boiling round us, wont broadside on, against a partly submerged rock. I was half-stupefied by the shook, and made no attempt to move, although iny side of the. platform was slowly linking in tlie flood. . Tiio rock whioh impeded us stood only u few inches ubovo tho water, and John's .side of the raft had tilted over it. My brave old urtner now did u daring deed. After twisting . bis hands iuto - ono of tho loops he throw himself over tho side of the raft, placed his shoulder agaiust it, and with his feet resting on the rock, he pushed until wo began to sheer off, and then sprang back into his place. - During the next few minutes I thought r.hat nothing could save us from destruction. We crashed against tho side of the cliff, rebounded, whirled round and round, struck rook after rook with tho force of a battering ram, then rushed forward at racehorse speed. A. cry of terror escaped me us fho stem of our craft was lifted in the air. Half- blinded by spray, down we plunged into the foaming muss below. When tho waters closed ovor mo and daylight was gone, a gituit seotned trying to tear mo from the raft, I-beliovod my time had como ; but just as I thought that I could ho longer held my breath, our bravo little craft lifted lior bow above the fount, and the dunger was past. " Why, tho fall cnu't be more than eight- feet high," X shouted as X looked buck. 'Eight feet or eighty it nearly did for mc," replied John Harlow, holding on with ono hand and wringing the water from his beard with tho other. - 14 I've had tlio longest teetotal drink X ever hud in my life, uud X don't think much of it." John used to say these sort of things with a ridiculous solemnity that mudo them really funny. But wo now entered a part of the ennou where even his cheerful spirits became depressed. Po.ulcs, cliffs, and rocks woro stained vermilion ; tho same colour was reflected on to ©very thing; and onco wbon X withdrew from the river a dripping pole with whioh X hud -been steering, I instinctively wiped iny hands ; for the elefts and eaves appeared lilco liorriblo wounds, the water dripping from thorn human blood. A fow minutes more and wo were ontof the blind ing glare of tho awful placo. Then wo oame to a long stretch of tho kind of formation for which we were looking ; und all at onco John Harlow pointed to an opening or fiat of semi circular shape and shouted : " There's our landing place." Tbon he piled his pole so vigorously that our craft enme close enough to the land for him to leap ashore. "Wc mudo fust to it rock with a strong rope, und our boat swinging out of the current lay along tho bank. After londimr somo provisions, our rifles, and a few otlior tilings, wo looked round us. No sun light could penetrate the dismal place; for high above our ncuds, a great mass of rock covered it in, and reached so far over tho rivor itsolf that wu wero unablo to suo tho top of the opposite precipice. Hugo fungi- white, yellow, brown, und red — clung along the huso of the surrounding cliffs , while a gray woolly- looking substance of the same family, depended like -drapery from tho jutting crags, and waved ubout with every breath of ah. As wo dried ourselves at a fire of drift wood, a sudden gust of wind swopt through tho place. Thon in thosilonee that onsuetl, tho rippling of tho river sounded unnaturally \- sharp and clour. Soon wo noticed that tho gloom round us was becoming intensified , und at last we could see little of the river — twenty yards away— except flock-' of foam that hurried past, and white line 'where the water surged against the rock-». Suddenly a vivid lightiiing flush darted along the face of tho opposito cliff. In tiio glare the gray and ghostly drapery which imng round " tho cavernous plueo wlioro we stood, appeared so gruesome that I shrunk to iny partner's side. Almost at tho wamo moment I crouched with feur as an awful thunderclap reverberated along the canon , the echoes threw back the sound from wall to wall, and mighty oimsIich and awful rumblings seemed to snako tho earth. Tho dazzling lightning flashes followed each other, so rapidly tlmt I was ablo to «eo John Harlow approach the rivor bank unci, make our raft moro Hcouro with a second rope. Tho necessity for this precaution soon became obvious. A wave several feet high came, rushing down tho stream, followed by a large number of broken trees whiub, as they sped past, lifted thei; naked, branches iu the air, like tho twisted limbs of huge moustor 'drowning in the flood. Imperceptibly it hud become lighter r tho storm had passed and soon died away iu distant mutteriugs. Still in that cuvcruous placo thero was not sufficient daylight ro- nuiiuing to cnablo uh to commeuce our search for emeralds, mid ue the ground was damp, wo began to look for somo cave iu which to pass the night'. X liaVl taken ouo sido of the flat and. John Harlow the other, and I was .standing somowhut despondent at my want of success wliou my partner called to mo and pointed to a narrow oleft iu the wall. 'See thero," he said ; 44 that is tho on- itrnnco to a cave so vu&t; that when 1 was' -innide it and fir# shouted to you,, fully a minute must havo passed before tho echoes died awav. Tito floor slopes upwards, so wo. aro Nuro to find a dry spot to sleep' oh, atid Join, old men, if thore are emeralds' round hero, there's tho placo to find them." After a short consultation wo deoided to bring all our things ushnre, and for this pur pose wc approached the bank of tho river. All at once John Harlow clutched my arm. " Groat heavens !" .he cried, : jiointing hi a muss of branches which wero. being curried rapidly down tho stream. 4 1 Thero guesonv raft; somo floating, trees havo become en tangled with it and torn it loose." My heart stood still. What; un awful fste awaited , us .imprisoned in that loathsome plaob. Our small supply of provisions .would soon bo exhausted, and thcu. . . De spairingly I stood and gazed at tho groat, rock overhead, and tho toworing, walls that shut us from tho world. Ouco I triod to speak, hut tho words stuck, in my throat. Presently John llurlow put his arm through- mine, and raid : 4 4 It strikes mo we've been and gouo aud done it." . I was already somewhat hysterical, and such a remark at such a time sounded so ridiculous that I laughed till the tears rau down my cheeks. "That's right: clieor up, old man," he said honrtily. " And now as it-will soon bo dark you take the things up to tho cave, whilo I collect somo driftwood for our flro." By the time I hud curried my last load into the cave, iny partner had laid iu a sufllcioot supply of fuel to lust us through the night. As soon as wc hud eateu our supper wo made otir fire ,bluze, und .oxaininecl our immediate surroundings', Thero was not much to ace. Tiio side at which wo had ontored stood out boldly in the ruddy glow, but tho roof uud further portion of tho sloping floor were lost iu darkness. 44 Well," said John, stretching himself comfortably on the sand, which covered the floor, 44 things might havo been worse, und you woirfc muko thorn any hotter by sitttug there as solemn as a man at his own funeral. To-morrow we'll try exploring tho cave, imd if the ground keeps on risiug, it may bring us to an outlet of somo kind. If we -find that won't work, wo'llseoif wo can catch a passing "log, trim it up with au axe, and rido on it down the stream." Although our ciinuces of escape, were small. I could not help being cheered by Harlow's hopeful way of viewing our situation. At last, tired out by our day's exertions, wo lay down on tho sand and slept. The next moniiug wo had our breakfast iu tlio open air, und then prepared to explore the cave. Ouo thing that webad not yet. decided to our satisfaction was how wo were to obtain sufficient light for our purpose. Of our supply of candles six had fortunately been brought ashore ; but us wo would each have to carry one, these would not bo enough, especially if wo had to encounter drafts of uir. However, a happy thought occurred to me. Wo luid a small can of lard. I molted tho greasy soaked in it pieces of dry wood about eighteen inches long, and in this way inado oight fairly good torches. With theso stuck in our belts, our small stock of provisions on our backs, und our freshly-filled wuterbottles slung over our shoulders,' we commenced our journey. As \v;o went on, the floor became steeper and steeper, until at Inst we had to climb, and John's idea of a possible outlet began to seem reasonable. For about half au hour our exertions kept us silent, but all ut once John Harlow, who was iu the lead, gavo a cry of warning aud wo stopped. We were standing on the edge of what uppoured to be a great expanse of inud, or water. On touchingib with my foot, however, it proved to be sum!, covered by a thin crust, which gavo way under tho slight est pressure. My partner hesitated about advancing uny further into this unknown couutry. Alas! It was I that suggested wo should continue ou our way. I pointed out, that, even though we had no landmarks to guide us, and our compass might bo influenced by deposits of mineral, still wo should lenvo suoh a plain track on tho perfectly smooth sand, that wo could easily return if wo wished, without any danger of getting lost. I had no difficulty in bringing John to my way of thinking ; for lie was a more adventurous man than I, but did not liko to tako tho whole responsibility on his own shoulders. On wo wont for an hour and moro, and low reefs of partly decomposed rack began to mako their appear- unco, like a auccoHsion of dark waves rolling towards us. Suddenly, John Hurluw dropped on his knees so unexpectedly that I shot over his head, extinguishing both his torch uud my own. At tho sumo moment there was a terrific crash— a crush so terrible thufc the earth shook ut tlio concussiuu : tho" air dis placed by the fall of some hugo mass of rock rushed past, and tlio whispering echoes became less and less, thon died away. 44 What lias happened P" I cried. "Wo'vo com© to tho emeralds," shouted my x'urtucr, Btill on his knees, nearly putting out his freshly lighted torch us he waved it wildly above his head. 44 What do you mean ? . Have you gono mud? v Did you not hour that awful crash?" I exolairaed, shrinkiug buck from him. . "Crash? Well, lot it crush— Jem, ray hoy, sec here— look," and with trembling hands ho scooped up seme sand una held it towards me. 44 Emeralds! Emeralds," ho shouted, lioavso with excitement. 44 The ground's nlivo with thom!. We're, mil lionaires!" I could see little green specks shining amongst the eaud, and hud I not previously received a great: fright I should probably havo been us much oxoited us my partner. Instead of this I felt angry. ".Millionaires, uro wo?" I said, pushing away his hands. 41 iTos, millionaires, and with all our wealth wo could not purchase a crust of bread !" My words bvought Joliu to his sonscs, and afror a short silence . ho said in his usual manner:— 44 You are right, Jem. Still I .would nither bo somewhoro eLso with my pockets full of emeralds than iu hero, with a orust of bread as big us a church.":' Then whilo tryiug to .scratch ono of tlio big green crystals with his knife lio, continued; 44 They uro emeralds right enough, and moro of Ihein than I have ever seen together iti the, richest wines iu the world." Wo now picked up lmudfuls of tlie", sand, blow away the fiuor particles, put tho stones in our pookots, anil continued to do ho for Honuuime. XIow loug I > would liavo remained thus employed it is hard to tell; fqr us I fait my store increasing I became inord .und mora excited, until4 my partner impatiently pulled mo to my foot, and, despite' iny imgry protests, fairly dragged me awuy. My ex citement souii subsided, yet as wo plodded on, thought of wealth and happiness in tho future nude mo almost; forgot tho dangers and diffi culties of tlio preseut. In half ftn hour or so,. 'tho air hccamo much warmer, and tho suud gave place to rocks, hut tho thick dust with »ymoh they woro couted still retained our tracks. Aud now wo had to stop and disouHs a matter on wliiuli our lives might depend. ' We had lighted our last torch. Tho candles, however, being still uiitouohed, wo determiued to uso half of them before giving up all hope of au exit, for we thought that if we used but one at a timo on our rcLuru journey, they v/otilu carry us back to tho; cutranco of tbo oavc. Wo were oticouragL'd to pursue tins socunnglv reckless <;oui«o by a circumstance which John con sidered favourable, and tins was that tho wurtu air must have uu outlet somewhere, or tho lompcuituro would liavo beou tho same throughout tlio druftless couutry we had loft behind. So without -wusting any more time, , woagmuprocecdedoii our.wav. I Shortly u..gqMt change took, place in ourl surroundings. Tho ground bocumo rougher j as we advanced, . and wo wore obliged to olimb heights and depths,, of whioh in tho intenso darkness wo ..could form no definite conception. Yet, judging by tho time it took us to desuend- some of thess crevices, a false ,, step meant death. And now to u<i\d to -our . danger, tho air became dump.und tho rooks slippery. At hist wo reached, comparatively level ground, but dark mists en voloped us tto closely that wo wero constantly stumbfiug ovor pro truding rooks. Thop it gradually became clearer, and. the moisture overhead was drift ing along in clouds. 44 Ha !" cried my pavtnor, " thero must be a draught of uir to carry tho .mists along like that ; somehow I feel that our troubles uro almost ut an end." Scarcely had the words loft his lips than his feet slid fram under him, and he rolled down an incline- towards — oh, God! tho awful sight conies again before my oyes ! — towards u dark, oily, turbid substance, through which bubbles of gas forced their way, accompanied by little jots of steam. - With a shriek that froze my blood, lie disappeared. Ami thou — something rose, smeared with slimo, scalded flesh hung in ribbons down its face, two skeleton hands were raised as though in prayer. Silently and slowly the ghastly thing sank from my. sight, and I — I — L Hulf frenzied with horror, I cried ulond: 44 John Harlow, como back, come back!" A hundred echoes, in seeming mockervyro- plied : 4 4 Gome buck ! Come back ! ' ' I was about to fly, but for a minute stood transfixed by fear. The black, oily liquid rolled about liko the tide held back by bois terous winds. Spluttering uud hissing, the steam escaped iu noisomq jftts; liugo bubbles dunced quivering from placu to place, us though instinct with life; and shapuless things sceinWl orawliiig, aud writhing, amid the beaviug muss. Then, with a gurgling roar, from out that hideous lake, a great column of mud shot up, its summit hidden in tho misty darkness overhead. I know that a scaldiug shower must, soou descend, and, with John Harlow's shriek still ringing in inv ears, I ran in terror from tho place, ran" until X ouuglit my foot ajgjiriHt a rock, my torch went out, and I canioJjSilvily to tho ground. Ah with shaking I fumhled for my maloli- box, tho q|pfuc$s "eoeiuttd peopled with irhustly fovgjfl— every way I lookod John Huriow'svppuritiou appeared rising fram tho gramid.#Ouce more X hud a light. Then— on — on ! Delirious with sorrow and fear, I ruahed with outstretched arms iu pursuit of the ro- treating mists, and between my gasping sobs X called madly after them to stop aud'wait for mo. At last my overwrought, brain ttoenied uurab. I burnt my hand with my expiring torch beforo ,I .lit a candle to take its pluoe , felt tired, yet unable to stop and rest; passed, through heat and stifling sulphurous, ;,jiumes, vet though weak and gasping,.'- still I staggored on. Suddenly the mists wero gone. Looking up wards I saw them rising as though ' impelled by some mysterious power. Gray pillars, formed by tho moisture dripping from "above, stood round me. I thought that they wero ghosts, yot I was sano enough to bo con scious that my bruin wiih giving way, and shuddered at a shriek of laughter wliicb, whilst X knew it to be my own. sounded liko that of 60inc demon rejoicing at. my misery, When I lit my lust candle, tlio memory that it was my last brought ine to my senses. The terror of boing left iu tho dark in that fearful placo liiul cleured my brain. I found myself at tho edge of u chasm with slopiug sides, and a cry of thanksgiving burst from my lips when I felt a cool gust of air blowing from its depths. Hoping to find some outlet below I commenced the steep desceut. Tho surface of the rank being decomposed and the hollows filled with sand, I frequently lost inv footing and slid for some distance before I was able to stop. At last I found a place whero I could sit down and rest. No sooner had I ceased to break tho silence by nxy .trend tlmn I heard benoufch mo the rush of water. 44 My retreat i.s out -off," X cried,- despair ingly, and sprang to my feet. Whilo X leaned forward and tried to pene trate the davktioss, tho roukon which I stood gavo way under me, und -I fell with sufficient ftmo to dash my candle from my hum!. I rolled over twico, uud thcu was stopped by a second rock in time to hear tlio first splash into tho water below. It was useless to tjiink of finding the candle, for I had jerked it 'far out iuto tho chasm ; but I still had some wax mutches, aud I camo to the despexato resolution that I would still eon - tinuo my descent, aud, if water burred ray way, to plunge into it and drawn rather than prolong my sufferings. Yet when I lit a piece of paper and hold it bluziug ubovo my head, I instinctively threw myself backwards, to Havo invsolf from the fate I had just cbiitoinplutofL Thn place whero I stood was crumbling uudor me : small particles of roojt were streaming down tho side of tho chasm iu all- directions ; mid tho sni'.ioth,' unbroken slopo below ine, which was now of course sand, had become dis turbed, aud wiih commencing to inovo down wards. Splashes, and a low hissing sound as the sand slid into (ho water, told me tho dostinutiou of this avalaucho. In another moment I had io drop tho blazing paper from my bund ; my support gave way under me, and I was amidst tlio moving tide. I .struggled desperately, hh I: sunk deoper uud deeper in the treaoherouH stuff. Then,, when too much exhausted to make.' Another effort to escape, niy' fact struck something hum, and for ni'' ' timo I was safe on a jutting point of ruck. Whilo I lay tliero gasping . I :uiw something which instiilod fresh oounign into/me..' To my. left; eoine distance below, I saw daylight. Then a groan escaped mo— the light had gontf ! Yet I could not boliovo that I had been mistaken; and suddenly, ;,to niy relief, ;I saw tho same thing again, aiid know that tliero wuh au out let. What caused, it to vanish and thou reappear I could not understand. A continual splashing .below warned mo to be careful. Beforo moving it wii's necoHsury that I should .see Houiotliiugof my surrouudingH. I hud no more paper to ' light, but l still had pleuty of matches. X stuck half a dozeu of them upright In the handle of iny. pocket- knife, lit them, and looked arouud.me. I wua ou au island amidst tho moving sand. Tweuty feet below me, a great rook, whiuh iii shape resembled tho uteep roof of some . hugo building, projected from tho slope of the- moving mind and divided it into two streams: tho one to the right pouring into some underground' lake or. river, the ono oir the loft luuking its way towards the opomng. . I felt hopeful whon I noticed tlmt the solid formation wiih alroudy beginning to show itself through the decreasing debris: and I hud commenced to tlunk that in time ! might be able to oiimbdown to the opening in suraty, when a new danger threutened me. Masses of loose rock abovo mo, which bud- been partly supported by the sand, 'hud boguu'to fall, snd' Bovcral boulders camo ploughing down' the slope. ' ; - < ./ _ . . i My position wna a terrible oho V-ni nny moment I might be -.crushed to death ; the vory.xfluuo where! was standing .might glve vi ay -und hurl mo onto the iwn below u I great iiouldor block up the opening and seal iny fate, By thm time I lmd used up nearly all my matches ; to be loft without tho means of making a light would ho madness, and I quickly made up . my., mind what th do. I allowed tlie matches that woro alight to burn . themselves out : then lookod towards the out- | lot. It was uncovered, and the daylight shining through it made a track along , the Hand.' The top of this- streak wok ubout Io feat to my left, and gathering mvsrif together I sprang towards if. . But my feet struck a pieco of rock, and I plumjed head first into the sand boyond. For h minute I struggled to extract mysolf, hue the limit of I iny eii'iiuimce had been reached, aud I became | unconscious. , When my senses returned, I lay for many I minutes trying to thitik whoro I was. On : either sido was a groat cliff, above the moon S shone calmly as she flouted through the fleecy clouds. Thinking that T had awaked from a liorriblo dream, I wearily rained my head, and looked round mo. I was lying at the baso of a huge cono-shaped heap of decomposed rock, its apox rest ing ugaiiiHt tltOiClilf, uud terminating in some blapk, ragged object, which I could not j quits inuko out ut first. Soon, however, a iieeuliav hissing noise struck my oar, and, as ! gazed upwards, the black object showed itsolf to be a kind of irregular archway, through which a gray torront of small pavltaies poured down the cone, and Iknow that it must bo the exit from the scene of mv sufferings. For days X wandbred in a network of interesting gorges with purpondieularsides. Onco with my ravolvei4 I killed a squirrel, ; and so badly diri I need food that X ate it raw. Another timo t used my ragged shirt : as a net. ami caught some minnows in a pool. I have dim memories of. Indians giving mc food : and once, I think, they fled j before mo, its though X were some duturerou : animal. Then one day I found myself being carefully tended by rough hut kindly hands — , some prospectors hud found ino. Years have punned siuco then, and though I liuve twice boon very, poor, the wealth buried iu that dreadful place has never tempted me to revisit the socno of my awful experience. 