& answers. -rZr.RS TO OOEBESPONDENIS. IITJSWW10 * . . i.j miMiration, and — Qojnnwnicntions intended for puduc&uoii;* ,U inquiries, should be addressed to "The Editor i cl 'The Australasian/ " and to secure attentioa wust, in "'cry case, be accompanied by the name ' mi address of lbc writer, for the satisfaction of ' (ic Editor. Nothing can be inserted which does J reach the office before J2 o'clock on VTednea d«f. S.T."iind "H.G." (Lounccston). r.iiiratTfuiiS;- delay in answering couCeti«m of the Bal arnt voi'ir queries. 7 no ... . Irani lilies was begun on November 8, 1687. I mI(i iinti (-.'widens amLSturt- street lineawerc npciiod for tnillic on December 21 tliat year tic remaining lines in the city were completed on M.,y IS, J*tS. - ■ j I'lacgiiniinot" (lfobart).—Tlic questions which I will be dealt with on re ..lacqiiminoi •"' d be dealt witn on re V™''^dXaUon from.experts in surveying, ml1' 0 i,ave bi iT'il11 of inlornwuw,, . . .. joivliom Ihey liavc been referred. , "Gmper" (W'.A.).—The steel wire rope used in raising the Cape Verde was manufactured by 'o (lie order of F. Long and raisii'ff "c > l0 ti,c order of F. Long and lUii'ivi.1"'•. measured 8jin. in diameter f,i„ Koot«;ray. -"n. in lonal ■ ■t'jlC war ! 1'V,''''"1Von" \vilT find the facts" set out jd bv J"'1 "1 '■. 0 dirom "Cassell's Magazine" 1" an- e 'Zl under "Literature," on a subse ^iEP&jsws-.; for Ij0,:°'"ee''"Ti!c amount of the cheque was qupnt page fll,008,&". STSki rtoiawy Jnouly called land-rail. ill ,OOB,S57. " -Mr. A. J. Campbell answers that probably the Pectoral Rail, com land-rail. jmmera (Queensland).—Vou should write to lire llegistrar of the Supreme Court, Wellington, -i ti.o ririncitial city in the province where IP ... • oi flic principal city in the province wnere i „re testalor died, asking if will has been proved, ( ,.05t of oliiaining copy, kc. Application may Ire made at the same time to (he Public Trustee, Wellington, in ease letters of administration should have been taken out. The cost of supply, lug the copy of will depends on the length. Mtleor."—It ' • . .i surrounding ... .. complete surveys have been made. Ire made hi no- r.,...- ...... Wellington, in case letters of administration eliould have been taken out. The cost of supply, lug the copy of will depends on the length. '•Meteor."—It is stated as a fact that the country mirmnnding Lake Eyre is below sea level, but nu ™..| --- "W. 0. P."—There does not appear to be any I question of law involved. In such cases ft is • to hand the surplus to a charity; if the I Muni members of committee intend to I dividual members of committee lnicnato jmeUct the money they should in fairncm divide |KieCCl lov .-.j ..... i ilie aniounl into five shares, so as to include A, rare of (he original four who created the surplus. At any rate, E lias scarcely so good a claim as A. ' i "Madcap Maidens."—-Advertise in "The Argus," and watcli the "To Let" advertisements. This is (lie time when seaside places arc under offer. "Whittiesea."—The accent in advertisement is on the second syllable—ad-ver'-tiz-ment. At one time the mle was doubtful, and the accent was us often on the third syllable (tlze) as the se cond; but the usage now is to put it on the second syllable, as if written "vert." In Eng lish, the' tendency is to lay the stress on the first or second syllables in long words. The accent is said to drift forwards. "A. E. C." (Bourko).—The records for the fastest passages across the Atlantic from Quccnstown (o Sandy Hook (New York) are held by the Lu rsnia (westward trip), 6 days 8h. 13min., and Campania (eastward), 5 days 10h. 47min. They, are Cunard steamships. Between Plymouth and Xew York the record-is held by the North Ger man Lloyd steamship Frederick the' Great, . which lias beaten the Lucania's 24-hour runs. "Laurel."—The usage of the profession entitles, von to claim salary for the full tend, holidays included. Of course, where the agreement has been varied, the question for the Court would be which version was best supported by evidence. "A. J."—Some of the particulars you afik lor are oi a kind which for obvious reasons are kept secret. Gibraltar is of value principally as a naval base, or rendezvous for war-ships. Its situation enables Great Britain to block.the en trance to the Mediterranean when she -wishes to do so with her fleet. ' The width of the strait is 5} miles. "G. M." (South Melbourne).—1. To find out the ratio between the area of one cirrii three fighths of an inch in diameter and another circle tin., or thirty-two eighths of an inch in diameter, it is only necessary to remember that (lie areas of circles vary as the squares of their diameters. Hence the numbers to be compared arc 9 and 1,024, and the required ratio is 1 to 113.777, equivalent to 1 to 114 (very nearly). In other words, the area of a circle 4in. in diameter is very nearly equal to the sum of the areas «f 114 circles each of three-eighths of an inch in diameter. 2. Not having the answer to which your refer we are unable to catch on. "H. C. C."~You are entitled to your salary up to the end of the last completed month of your service, and your employer is entitled to com pensation for any damage lie may have sustained by reason of your breach oi contract in not hav ing given the" month's notice. Your offer to for kit the last month's salary was a fair one, and if the balance is not paid you should sue the I employer. 2. The denomination of the lowest | note issued hv (he Bank of England is £fi. "Coins."—The coins oi which tracings arc sent arc copper tokens. Many sorts were in circula tion in Australia in the sixties. "tV.fi." (Adelaide).—1. The highest pile in Mellioume (twelve stories) is the Australian buildings, coiner oi Elizabeth and Little Flin ders streets. 2. See cards. "In Vino Yerilas" (Mansfield).—Mullen's "Ylc lorian Plants," 2 vols., 10/; Tait's "Flora of oouth Australia," price C/. There . are also lawks (or students and state school children, [ prepared by Karon von Bfueller and Mr. AY. R. Gullfoylr, of the Uotanic-gardens. i "Rainliow" (Kiowa).—"Clancy of the Overflow" « in "Man From Snowy River" poems, by A. n. Peterson. Price, 6/. "Ifgreaeli" (Queensland).—Mr. O. R. Blackett, government analyst, obliges with an answer, as i allows:—Wqtev impregnated with sulphate oi nine or gypsum is injurious to health. It docs | SUrl-V affect (he hair, Imt it 'might in Hoi tie is common in districts where "»(cWing sulphate of lime are used. fJT >- ~}' the shed was fixed to ' ;■ '«« *uea was nxeo to the back '•nee in such a way that it could not be re —.. re. iiuil fib GVUIU UOV w moved without injury, it would be regarded as n permanent fixture, and would not be remov able without your consent by the person who erected it. "Upgraded SiiiTorer."—'The Public Service Re ciRssifl/uwi— Board lias taken evidence ffom stale Rnitnr.1 , , ,u,s evidence rrom elasses I* ? teachers representing the several as to complaints made about the rates nf nnv c "uuu"B'"» Jnaae auout tue rates Corutiv teachers have written to Mr. Meibourn^^6!?jry to the . board, Law- offlcea, Rrierannu »'setting forth their respective "pci harm in anJ? Pr°bably there would be no plaint Is «h ? fio'ng the same. If your com iioard has .1 !ie iM of fay in your class, the the ciromnoiD n made "Ware "of all circumstances.. *'V0.W.' '—Dawson City is In the Klondike min*, "IB district. It is situated just above the junc tion of the Klondike River with the Yukon itiver. liodgkinBon.' '—The Rouihem Ornas does not he come htliv visilde to a northern observer' until ne Bets within about 28deg. ot the■ ann then only when the constellation U Jt »» iilghest altitude. The polntera are about-pw^ jrom the 6outh pole» to vrouid COW® Mori* the star at the loot.ot JEUe Woijjjwwi » 10 soon as the head, which may s«n w north as8tdeg, N. lat. At aomegeasons ol.ws. Lear, the cross sets loo early t or tlBes too lgW , " tible »*- -— *ne.eSe<|tp! iormca that the story feat Vftdes, 1 an ahnanao publlsued in tlirn6 *\ written by Mr. Kerr, ai m stout ttw tutor In (he family o! Mr- M°^*'n» PoUce W Mr, Uowe was the BupetwjpndMt jot ■ ^is sdinn, 'It Ib said,' Farley V«utitoi » Hroe) told his ghoBtty expeAeno*' « information la correct, It proves Mr.. Q. B. Bar ton-to be in,error in asserting that .'the first narrative in which mention was made of the ap parition, appeared in R. Montgomery Martin a " History of the British Colonies," published in London in 1836/ Mr. Suttor refers to Mr, Mar tin's book (and Tcgg'a 'Monthly Annual' for March, 1830) after mentioning Kerr's. ' Mr. Bar ton seems to think that Mr. John Lang first re vived the 'story in 1860, with his 'Ghost Upon the Rail.' But, as I noted in your issue of June 12, 1807. that writer's account of Fisher's Ghost originally appeared in 'Household Words,' for March 6, 1853, being the variant of the tale to which Mr. Andrew Lang first drew attention—as noted in your issue of April 3, 1897. In 'The Aus tralasian' of May 8, 1897, 'R.C.L.' (Mitchell; Queensland) Bays that a full account of 'Fisher's' Ghost is given in Judge Thierry's Re miniscences; that Fisher's murderer -was tried before Thierry, and that-the. evidence as to the ghost was given on oath. But the whole of tlmt is incorrect. The Sydney experiences of Judge (afterwards Sir Roger) Thierry only commenced in 1829. He recounts some discoveries of murder under extraordinary circumstances when judge at the Maitlfttul .Circuit Court, in March, 1810. Blacktrackers arc eulogised as in Fisher's case. "Ignorant" (Lilydalc).— Inquiry is being made. " Customer."—Both parties have to agree be fore there 1b a sale. The shopman may have made a mistake. All he iiaB done up to the point stated is to name the price. 