A NOISY GHOST. The following story is related by Miss Alice Quarry, who knew the circumstances well:— A member of her family was or dained and became the curate of a rich and kind old Irish rec tor. After • a month's residence the curate called one day at the police station to ask that some patrolling should be done outside his dwelling, as runaway, knocks annoyed the servant at night. '.'All . fight, sir. I'll look after them boys," was the cheerful response. Meeting the con stables a few days later, however, the curate reproached them. "I really wish you would come our way sometimes at night," he said: "We are quite tormented. The annoyance goes on up to near mid night." The sergeant stared, . "Why, sir," he said, "my men have been about every evening since and have seen mi one. The Knocking was still kept up vigorously, but now changed its venue, as" well as its character. Four- bedrooms opened off a small landing. Some",' frighterfed persons seemed to be within one or another' of the. rooms, usually within one occupied by the curate's sister and the' young domestic, who refused to remain, under present circumstances if compelled" to sleep-alone. The knocking began now' on 'the door with - a tone as of one anxious to get out. The urgency and sound of the entreating knocks in creased until the noise seemed created by an iron hammer vigorously used. On opening the door no cause could ever be discovered. ' Fifteen persons were assem bled one night endeavoring to catch the ghost by systematic search, out all in vain. This disturbance would go on until 2 and 3 o'clock on some occasions. Soft foot-, steps were also heard pattering up and down the short, steep stairs, down which also tumbled at intervals cart-loads as of invisible coal or stones. Through it all the young curate and his sister endeavored to keep a brave heart, even going so far as to hold a service within the walls to ' exorcise, the spirits, if spirits they were.' He wrote to his predecessor in office and learned from him that the'house had been so uncanny that it was quite too much for him and his wife. They had left the place as soon as possible. While this went on the old rector came down one day on a tour of inspection, certain that he could track the ghost. He could not, but ad vised the curate to make his sister' change her bedroom, as within lieij present apart ment he had visited a former tenant dying a very terrible death. This advice, was taken, and undoubtedly when this par ticular chamber was vacated the distur bances abated, although ,the house was never as other houses. 