THE HAROLD FREDERIC INQUEST. CHRISTIAN SCIENTISTS CHARGED WITH MANSLAUGHTER. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS LONDON November 11.— Tho Harold Frederlo inquest ended on Tuesday- last with a sensational ' verdict ot manslaughter against Uin deceased's mistress, Kato Lyon, and tho Christian scientist operator, Mrs. Atballo Mills. Tho ladles were ' at oneo admitted to ball, Mr. Frank Harris, of ! tho "Saturday Roview," being ono of tbe sureties. A magisterial Inquiry is now in progress, but ' whatever the decision may bo, tho case must go for trial to the Central Criminal Court, the Coroner's jury verdict operating as a truo bill. Tho result when the circumstances nro threshed out by counsel will almost certainly bo an ac quittal, though Miss Lyon deserves a fright. Slio was warned moro than once by Dr. lloyd that in turning away medical aid sho ran serious risks but would pay no attention. Tho law on thu point is clear enough, and Mr. Morrison, tho Coroner, appears to have laid it down with sub stantial accuracy. If any persons assume control ot tho helpless or Impotent, they utalto them selves responsible for the exercise of duo caution and if death ensues from tlio falluro to exercise it, they are guilty of manslaughter. What Is strenuously denied by Mr. Frederic's friends Is that ho was either helpless or Impo tent. Under tho influence of Miss Lyon ho may have been. Presumably he cared for lier, and to ploaso her, put up with tho ministrations o! Mrs. Mills. But there is nothing particularly mad in that, and It airing Ills "fads" bo a sign ot lunacy, Frederic must all his life liavo been crazy as a hatter. Tlio papers seem a good deal startled by tho verdict, and most of them maintain that Mr Frederic had a perfect light to employ cither allopaths, homeopaths, or Christian scientists as lie thought best. Christian science, according to tho witnesses before the Coroner and to general repute, is a form of healing by faith. It consists partly in prayer and partly in imbuing the pa tient with a belief that he will recover. Can any human tribunal (aslcs ono ablo edi tor) presume lo limit tho efficacy of prayer? Will any doctor venture to say that the expecta tion of recovery Is not beneficial, or that in nervous disorders It may not bo efficacious? Mrs. Mills and Miss Lyon may ho qulto mis taken. But tho question whether they are right or wrong Is not to ho settled by twelve men in a box. It Is a problem far beyond their power to solvo, or ovon to comprehend. Mr. Frederie was entitled to adopt any methods ho pleased for tho Improvement ot his health, or to adopt 110 methods at all. It was suggested that, being an intellectual man, ho could not have believed In Christian science. But that Is nonsense. Dr. Johnson was qulto as intellectual a man as Mr. Frederic, and ho believed In the Coclc-Iano ghost. Tho evidence or Mr. Whltelng shows clearly that when Mr. Frederic was In good health ho expressed his respect for Christian scionco. Mr. Whltelng tried to laugh or reason him out of It, but lio did not succeed. If, in these circumstances, Mrs. Mills, who attended Mr. Frederie, and treated him In accordance with her principles, is criminally responsible for his death, a now and dangerous extension will have been given to tho penal law. Suppose thai Mr. Frederic had been attended by honieopnth- Ists. Allopathic doctors would liavo conscien tiously sworn that he was In tho hands of quacks, who could not euro him, and had pro bably killed him. Tho obvious answer would ha that that was not a proper . question for i coroner's jury or for any other. It may ho safer to stick to tho family doctor, and thu orthodox drugs. But personal Ilhertv involves the right of swallowing tho wrong medicines and calling In the wrong practitioners." ' (Wo have heard by cable that Miss Lyon and Mrs. Mills have been discharged.) 