He Was Haunted. Fischer's ghost lias been laid, lo Hie re- gret ol those who have cherished him BS a winter story for thc fireside. Ho is no longer believed to sit on top of a three railed fence lis a clue lo the discovery of his bones in a stagnant pool. Hut there is a wan in thc Glebe, (Sydney, who was haunted hy a spectre which never left him. lt was with him us he sat ull day mending shoes, and in thc dark and silenl watches of the night it clung to him, and he began to look upon it ns a fearful part of himself until bis time would cumc to enter into the spirit laud, lt was a grim and horrible experience, nud ull bis days and nights were spent in trying lo solve the enigma nf its presence, mid thc way that he could lay it, a« they hod laid Fischer's ghost. The worst of the limiter was that it wa» imi- table to all but himself; he was worse than haunted, it tortured him, for this spectre loved to give him pain. At length the means were given to him to free himself of its hateful prescnev, und he describes his Just fight with il lo our representative who nailed upon him ul bli Itridge-roiid, Glebe : -" For the lust eight years," said Mr. Wm. ilurkc, shoemaker, " 1 luive endured very lunch from constipation and piles; no medi- cine seemed to do nie good. At night 1 could not sleep, and by day I was too drowsy lo tlo_ my work. Nothing I took could free inc of pain, until 1 tried Dr. Morse'« Indian Kool rills, and now 1 can nay that they are the best, remedy I have fver known) ns they do not. gri|ie or weaken, muí yet do all (hat. is said of them, j am ii belter niau to-day 1 lui ti 1 have been for years, it in a grund cure." Dr. Morse's Indian Hool. Fills cure such cases. They ure a positive i ure for liver ailnuMils, sick headiulie, biliousness, indigestion, dyspep- sia, constipation, foul breath, willow com- plexions, wwi it iMt'fci-l blood pin ¡lier, cur- ing eczema, pimples, liJoU-hes, mid all skin diseases. Af» a »umun's liest, friend they stand alone. Hold by chemist* and store- keepers, price 1«. .'ld. per bottle. Austra- lasian Hriineh of Hie W. ll. Comstock Co., | Md., ölt l'ilt-stioel, Sydney, N,S,W, Sold i vliolevi.iïi in Quconslmifl Irr Mussrs. Klliolt Uros., litv'i., HrisliMHr. Knell Willie line thu full imiKi' lilonn I hen«m, luii thc \vni|i]ii'r heurs lilli1 signiiturv of W'nu ll. Comstock. Avuitf -substitutos, and soi' 11ml you gel the genuine. 