FA'S GOVERNESS. f j yipom— J r I. r" .» w . imt Riohts Rrsktivkp. Of oourea, Miss -Wade waa really my Inverness, tbntie, shews. onirajred tp touch me,bat il- wiw Pa who engaged'lisr.Vo I cull her ilia to dial iiigui.li liar - from the others 1 whom Ma Imd chimsn. Oil ! how'l wish < she would alwaya.leave (lie choice of ono to Pa, but ehe' no'ver did, except ilinl once— and that W119 through an nccmoot— and. I m quite. sure alio never, will again. It bup- poned m tliis wnv. One day eBrly in Juno, my sister Maggie, who is married, telegraphed for Mn. The telegram came while we were at breakfast, and as we live'at B-ixton, siio had to liurry to catch the l- n-tinrty from King's Crosa. \- " William, you must go to Skilbury's for me," said Ma, us she was bustling about, getting ready. Skilbury's was an' agency for. the supply of governesses, and Mn bud written to about' half-u-doztn out of the hundred or so who liud applied for the Biiuation and told them to meet her there that morning at twelve. " All right, my dear." replied Pu. calmly -not liing ever puts l'a.cut " Am I to en gage one of tbo young women, or put tliein of) with fair words till a more con venieut Benson ? " " I don't know whether I can trust you," soid Ma doubtfully. "I suppose 1 must though, or Effie will be running wild while I am away, and there id no telling how poor Maggie muy need me. Mind, I don't wunt one who is too young, or years older than 1 am, or liideuusly ugly, and 1 won't pay more than fifty. I know you'll chose the least suitable of I he lot, but — well, do try and use your common sense for once, and mind you tell Mr, Skilbuiy to make the agreement, terminable at a month's notice." When Ma bad gone, Pa looked at Uncle Fled, who. lived with us and chuckled. ' Eilio, my dear,' lie said, " 1 can't walk into the Gorgon's den nil ulone and un protested. You must coine with me. Let me see, I must go into the city first. Fred, get your hoots on. You nnd Mias Madcap had bettor go dnwn loo. You can cool your lieels and improve your minds inside St. Paul's for an hour or so till I'm ready for you." Uncle Frod at that lime was so listless and indifferent that he always did whatever anybody told him Ha had been engaged, and tbe girl bud married someone else, so 'of course lie fancied his h< art was broken, but. even lie couldn't help laughing at the way Pa wont on as wo rodo down to Black-' friars on the tiara. I don't think I quite understand Pa. I suppose he and Ma love each oilier— they ought to do, as thoy have been married nearly Bve am I- twenty jeara : but when ever Ma goes away Pa behaves like a eciuiol- hoy borne for a holiday — like the sort of : schoolboy you read about in books, I mean not ihe stuck-up solemn things you see at. the pantomime trying to look us if it bored them. e h id not hud a holiday— I' menu Ma had not. been away— for' a long time, and ho.was worse, thun. usuul thai., day. It is no good trying to write down tbe things ho said. For one thing, 1 can't remember them, and for another, moat of Pa's jokes are like aerated waters, spark ling and refreshing when he lets them off, ' but flat an I insipid afterwards. Half the fun of them is in his expression when lie' makes t l.eni, and no ono could ever per suade him that a man ought not to laugh at his own jokes. Pa's laugh is catching ) though, and long before we .got to Black- ' friars Uncle Fred was laughing too, because Pa said that perhaps among the half-dozen J arm Byres Pa calli dull uiy governerses Juno Byre— there might be one wiio would be a consolation to him. For some time after Pa left us Uncle Fred remained cheerful. He treated- me to ices and some lovely sweets, but when we were in St. Puul's lie relapsed, and stood so long at aring at Wellington's tomb.und looking as if he wished lid were' under it, that I was quite glad wliee Pa came and took me oft to Skilbury'a in a lianeoin,' " Delighted to make your acquaintance, Mr Wilkins," said Mr. Skilbuiy, when Pa. explained that he had come instead of Ma ; " your alter ego, if you will pardon the term, has long been one of my ' most esteemed clients. This, I suppose, is the young lady on whose belialf my services as— er — shall we Bay a winnower of the wheat from the chal ? — are required.' -All,' well, well ! ' Muter pulclua, filiu pulohrior.'. I really beg your purdon ; my tongue runs awuy with me at times, If you will kindly 'step this way, Mr, the first of the selected and idutes. shall be with you in a moment."; He said all I his very fast, especially the Latin purt of if, und I think he must have moved aa quickly as he spoke, for he Irad scarcely closed I he door of his private office upon us, when he oi ened it again and announced " Miss Wade." before Ps had even , time to finish telling me what lie thougilt of him. . ' 1 '.He seems u queer old—," was all Pa had said,- when the queer old whatever it was catne back. I fear Mr. Skilbury heard: ' him, and I know Miss Wade did, for as she' too a seal, she looked at mo with eyes so full of fun. that I. couldn't help smjling.at her. Then lite smiled back, nnd Pu caught .her in tbe act, but lie didn't seem to be' vexed. . . i-.-.'vt!...'-"::- " Good morning, Miss Wade." he said, smiling himself. " These are your testi monials, I believe ? Very satisfactory, 'I'm- surii. You aak fifty pnunds'a year,' don't you ? Good ; we siian't quarrel about that. You are at present ' disengaged ? Veiv good, ver— y good indeed ! Effie, my dear. I think you and Mitis Wade will get on well together, eh 1 " 'r " Oh, yes, papa," &id; I. MisvWndo wan just lovely, and lier eyea seemed to lie . laughing nil the time; so I. really meant it, though I thought it-was very silly of Pa to ask rae such a .question, for I ooulrln'l have said ''. no;'! even if sheliliud been. tiie grimmest of grim old horrors..!;. ,c «'f .. '!>. Th»tV. all . right , then', " said Pa;;; t'.'.'I hope Miss IVade is of' the snrhe opinion." Slit: said.sltei .wus, and . to my g. eai delight Pa eng.ig.ed Iter, without even seeing any of tin .others wiio. were waiting. . , "You'vehot been long about it; William," . saiif Uncle Fiedj when we reached the place ! wht iu' he was .waiting for us. " 'No; my boy," replied Pa. . ". There wae BO need.'td i hMjtat/ J ;Cjl 'Bkilbui'y.trotted out. his best goods first..', .I've.ugugoda M- s- iWaile.' - Site's' >, JThen;-,P4 ; WliijVei'id,?' but l am almoat'sure lie said : P. siunner."; ;Unolb Frpd laughed, . and hair . . combed, .by .tviilclv- 1; suppose, he meant he ; fhought ':Mhh/iiiigiii''1b-.' vexi!d; bhoauso Pa had clieeeu Miss Watio witbuut eeetug any- body else, thongh T couldn't see why sho shuuld be. . t -Miss Wade was net hideously ugly, but very pretty, and,, if t wept. v- two is rather young for a. gbvernoss, she had .had plenty of exiierieuce,'. as ilie had baen in no fewer than six 'diflereb't situations "in four years. Slie had' splendid '-. 'testimonials, too, ana never, seqinod to havaleft. through any fault of her own. . 1 road, tlmconies she had sent us whon . I got nomo. aiid thev mndo me feel quite sorry for tier; because always as abe'wne settling down, some' accident hap pened, and sho was turned out One lady was very sony to part with Miss Wade, and only- did sp because ahe yvae sending lier gills to scliqol. Miss- Wiide had left ilnoi her funiily,1 which esteemer) 'ber liighiy, heciiui-e the boys were leaving school, and 'there-.' wasn't room for, a resident governess in the house-; and a third lot of el uptd' people 'went abroad. ' and, muoh as l hev .thought of. her, couldn't manage to tnke her with them. " Never mind, dear," thought I. " Mu wuii'l send mo to school, and we are not at- all likely to gn abroad, so, if I like you as much as I think I shall, you hare found a place ah.'ast which you ought to keep for sume years." I did like her, too, even bet ter t-haii I exp-cied. She came the next. day. early in the alterno n, and the tirsl delightful thing I found nut, about her yyas that she played 'lawn-tennis beautifully.; Some of uur neighbours stick up nets en the most ridiculous little patches of grass;but,tiier6 is plenty of room for a full-sized court in our gnrden, und bot-lt l'a and Uncle Fred are very fond of the game— only Uncle Fred has pretended lie doesn't' care about it since he was tin own over. Pa was coining home at fivo tliat.evening, and I wae to ask ono of the girla next door to come in and make up the set ; but as Miss Wade said fcliu plaied theio was no need to do that. "Oh! I'm so glad you play," said I. Would you like a game now. just to get used to the 'lawn, ieady for this eieniug ?" I asked liei ih.it, because I know by pain ful experience how often gii ls, who seem to think rackets were made to hold behuid their backs, and show oil their fiuuies, say they cau 1 play " lawn tennis ; but I felt ashamed of my artfulness when she gave me a good bc-uting. We bud only one set then, because Uncle Fred, who has plenty of money and doe.n't do any woik, came out when we had finished, and begun to compliment Miss Wade on her plu.vl I was surprised, for ever since Mi s Parkinson jilted him, Uncle Fred has hidden himself or has gone ofi somewhere, whenever any grown-up gill comes to the houscj audi suppose it was my surprise niade me ihtioduce him in such a si'ly woy. Oh ! Miss Wade," I said. " Tiiis is Uncle Fred." It. wns very foolish, because he is Ma's brother and his surname is Fowler, but it didn't much matter, for though Miss Wsrlo called him Mr. -Wilkins, the mistake lod to a laugh and a lot of nonsenso about eur-' . flumes, and christian names, and uicli- .names, which put him and Miss Wade at their ease, directly. Pa stared when he came homo and -found us all'having tea out in tbe garden, and he opsned hi- eyes still wider when Uncle Fred told liim not to wa-te more time than he could help in getting into his flannels, as Miss Wade was uu enthusiast, and had been eager to begin for the last quarter of an hour. " How do we play ? " asked Pa when he was ready. " M b- Wade and I give you and Kffie fifteen," replied Uncle . Fred, who seemed quite keen on the game again. We beat I hem, but oil i 'lhat set was hard work. Pa 'plays a bull very well— when he can get to it— but lie is rather stout und very lazy, so when I: am his partner he makes me run all over ttie court, and calls me a duffer because 1 can't be on botii side lines at once. If really isn't fair, and he doesn't 'ex|iect bis other puitnersto be all legs and wings. For, instance, that- evening later on, Miss Wade and 1 changed over, anil then it wut : "Never mind, Miss Waile Pi ay don't over exert yourself. Kemembor it'e.only a game aftei all. What we miss to-day we'll take to-murrow. Bensbaw himself would never have reached that one." In spite of Pa's unfairness, I enjoyed my game and was almost sorry wiien dinner was rexdy though I woe fearfully hungrv. Any timt is dinnor time in our houss, be cause Pa is so' irregular in hie Imbiis. This evening it vise eight, anil 1 don't iliiuk I. ever enjoyed a dinner more. Pa was in (he highest spirit e, and even Uncle Fled showed no signs of relapsing into Ills habitual gloom. ' ' Anyone would have thought. Miss Wade was Pu's favourite niece inatead of the 'governess he seemed so anxious to please her. Our usual, family drink is beer, but Pa insisted on whst lie calls " broaching." a bottle of champagne, iu honour of Mii-a Wade's arrival— or lather, "as Ma was away there was no need fur him to insist ; he just- hud to fetoh .the bottle from (he beliar ahd open it. . After dinner we find some music. Miss Wiule played the pin no quite as well as she did lawii;tenhis; ' and.shei'suiig; ver'v' nicely; loo, not stui'iid classical thinge,. but. lively! bulimia, suoh- as f'iTwidki-iibi.m- .'-Ferry,1 " and ' Clieiry Ripe." Uncle Fred cau sing \- lis us- d to bs always sinyiug, when ho was enguged—and' that evening be began u'g-iin.' ' ' - ': ' When we were tired of music we went 'out; into the' gai'deii and sal' under a tiee and talked. After u!wliile'Uni le Fred said he was sure Miss Wade would catch colli If she eat si ill any longer ;' and lie made such a fuss ttial, thougli !. it was wai m eniiugii, and I knew she wash't 'feully frightened,; she got up and walked about wlth him. f Ihiiuglit lit was ritlior cool of uncle Fred to monopolise ,iSl is's Wade like t hfit the very' first evouing, but 1 was so. tired of seeing; him gbitigiabiiuj mbiiiiig-'oyer.tlie.fqlsetits's of that Miss Parkinson, that. I felt I could; forgive him Ids seifiihness, if lie found Miss1 Wade's --company ' was 1 any donselaiteh to' him. ' ' '-' t; -I;-, ,!ll ;V '. !', it- ' i'plt ;«»' soon evident that he (ild fitid It ti very grealrconrolstion. :Out of lesvon lioors' lie never left as.! For- the firsb week we played . tennis every, aft erniion, except 'two: d.i j s-wliBO:it;rsi.Ded,and hen. lie .read' sluud' to us. while we.worked, : Then lie began' to' -takeus aut,.y-\Ve .wont. fur-drives, . We -went' up tlie river and down, the river, to Madsnfe Tussaud's, .to the; Zik>, -H yd. Park. West-1 btiiister Abbey - every wtiere;- in fact. . , Miss Wade bad never been-in London-be-, fore', and it was all'new tu lier. ilo were the: : Ihdilt'resV ib'ilt 'we fH'Id't b'-'gb/i going io 1 those until she liau bucu with us ne'uily three weeks! and then Pa always went too. He said he didn't see why we should liavi all the fun to ourselves, while he was slav ing away in the city. ' That was one day aftqr wo liad rowed up from Ti ddington tu Hampton Court, and didn't get baok till nearly ten ; so, tp .keep Pa in a good humour, Uncle Fred /st ggested that we should all go to the " Audacity the next night. . . ' - . We went, 'not; only, to the " Audacity," but toanother in the snme week.and to two nioro the week after, Pu likes theatre-going and so do 1 ; hut Ibis was an unusual treat, fur me, us Ma.df.Siin't approve of 'too much of it fur young gills. Then Ma came home and spoilt. eveTylhing, ' She came quite unexpectedly, too. We' had been to the ."'Ambiguity," and were having supper afterwur.ls. Pa bad " br;-ached .another bottle of champagne —why. I didn'.t. know, though 1 guessed— and we were all very merry when in enmo Ma. . Pa was facing the door tinrl saw her first. He slopped short in the middle of drinking Miss Wade's health, and looked like the pictures of men who are supposed to have seen ghosts : - , - "This is a very.- pleasant surprise, my d ar," lie auid to Mn.'wlio stood iti the door way looking very angry. He smiled as bo spoke, did Pa, -but his smile reminded ' me of the boy next dour, yviio once smoked a pipe to show ofi before .me ami one of bis sisters. Ma took noubtice .oi him, but came forward into the room, with her eye- fixed on Mi-s Wade, as if she was faicinated by her. Uncle Fred rose and ufieicd tier a chair, but ehe waved him back. " Nob at present, thank you, Frederick,'' she raid. "P.av. where is Miss Wade, and how is it that ehe hue allowed Effie lobe present at litis— er— festivity " Why, Ma," I put in, "this is Miss Wade, of course." " Oh ! Indeed ! " said Ma, looking very much astonished, though I had described Mi-s Wadu very carefully in. iny Jell or-, and had said besides that she didn't look a bit like a guverness. " I am very glad to hear it. Under the ciicumsiances. madam, I naturally assume i that you were the— er — guest of my hus band or my brother. Bat, no doubt, you have not. yet been made acquainted with the rules of the house. One of tlieiu is, that Effie never stays up after ten with out ' my special permission. Effie. go to bed." I kissed tliem all, and went— but not to bed. I wouldn't do such a thing now, of course, but I wasunlr fourteen then, and the temptation was very strong. I left the door just, a wee bit ajar, stopped outside and listened. " Fred, I believe Maria thinks we are entertaining the Queen of Sheba," began Pa. "My dear, 1 nesnre you this young lady really is Miss'Wude, whom you com missioned me to engage at Skilbury's, and of whose arrival you wore advised by letter of the eight h ulb." . „ \- I guessed by the' tono'of his voice that Pa was trying to., joke,- but Ma euid very seiiousty, "I can quito believe chat , William, Perlia|>s you will explain how you haie beguiled Miss Wade into thinking that such— or — dissipation as this wus per missible for her pupil." " Well, tbe fact is, my love," explained Pa, " Fred and Miss Wade are thinking of trying a little experiment in malrimuny, and this little jollificution is in iionnur of— of, well the signing of tlio treat y of alliance, aa it were. We have all been to the ' Ambiguity,' and, accuiding to oiy custom on these spepial occasions, 1 broached a bulile on our ri turn. i — I really think (lie best thing wo can do is to breach another in honour of your safe urrivul, my dear. Fred, . your legs are younger than mine, nnd you know the bin Uncle Fred mttves quickly, so I stayed to hear no more, but tan away upstairs before he came out. I don't know exactly what, went on over that second bottlo, but Ma must hate suft ened a good deal, for in the ram mug she wsb quite friendly with Miss Wudu, wliu stayed with us uniilshs and uncle Fred were mnriied a fortnight later. I don't. think,, tnougli, that Ma really liked hei, because after the. wedding she was quite angry with .me for saying that as Pa and I had made such a splendid choice, we had better go to Skilhuiy's togelhsi again. ,. When I (old Pa, and naked him what Ma's objection to Miss Wade could possibly be, lie laughed, and said lie sup posed/Ma thought she was too good looking lor a governess. That, of course, was bis nonsense,' because, though a governess's looks, cun'l msller nmch. any- body .would naturally pi efer a pretty one, und Ma lierseljf had said she wouldn't have, an ugly one. . What m,i'de Ma come ' home so un expectedly ? Welt, I have heaid— mind, I his is a secret - that somebi-dy sout her an anonymous letter, saving that. Pa- was. making lovo to Die lit w governess p but surely, Mu would no , more bolieve such an accusal ion. I ban Pa would dream of giving grounds for iti- ... . She : Tbat Vaa.iueb.a'iuany stivy you tol mo yesleriiay about s ilnokay, Mr. Gritga ? He : Do yuu tbioa so ?. -Sho : Yr-s. iiideeJ i'iiftor thisj wbneW I see a Senkoy it will (cmiHil mo of you. ...i - ,g, ' Tbrir Tresonre. - Old Gutteraf: So; yon really li vo oiir ilsUgliter ? ' ; bhsrioy Van New l I do. : (Jl-I (5i Ptuof : Very. Well, jWrnsy hovr ber. Bu.i don't tike her. from uo tdo aoon, my boy- nut (po Boon, from bi r eld totter and mother, Not before to-coorroW, .'Promito me Ibot. .-v. p.i!,,.:-. :- .. . . ..." . Wife t'i Did ysu M-lioe at Ibe potty last even ing boir .gioimly'var 'rLughtw Clara ewept into tta rorm ? ' ' '. ' ' ' ! '' Husband (with a 'grunt) i 'Ob, yes . Claia o«o ai-cip iiito tbe; I0OKr ji,nillv i nouab, bul when it cornea .ta isweepiog. out the room ahe i«u!t 'i, .t ' ' 1 : , And;, did be lay , La remecbarad me when I -.W#a'a;sttl.?v:.-r?:if;; v:"; " No ; be laid be remembared ycq Wben be waaaboy." v.': ' 1.0 '/..'(Be. ;.L. . He Was MiaUken — Ul -.Ganlleman : L'nni-n ' I tuard some t oo being kissed enco or twioe u rho b.ll last l ight. W.aityWu P. .- . Li ulK! |hlaJliing) :/Oaoo of tnlov, did yoii mi, f»p« ?, ' j Old GiDlleman i iYes; \\.'.. i:j'-;i.' .'.'.j'Luuiao.i Tieuit.wair'hl., 'ip''; p . iJViV-; ' ' -..-e.''. r i-. -i ...- Brimblerorn / (flrrcely)1:- Da yba lore me, Dhbarab r< " rr ' ' " ' Ml«a Brooa't ' Khally, irda are's impetbona t ""'iBrlaiMMt-in (with bs.imi e u .><< it you wm'e kneeiilg iiu's eaotke'l. | Yea, iltuo/ ' ' 