CHAPTER XVII.—AMONG THE HEATHER. Seated at the breakfast table at. Heath miff, en the 12th of August, were three of ■ Captain Montgomery's oldest friends. They had all seen foreign service, to judge .hy the various sliades of bronze on their faces, and their straight, upright figure? showed they were all anny men. They were doing full justice to the good things set before them, and listening to a' thril ling tale of a tiger-hunt their host had joined in in India. He was telling them how relieved he felt when he saw the: brute give his last struggle, shot by a bullet sent by theN skilful hand of his old friend, Colonel Blunt, just as the animal was pre paring to spring on him. The old colonel, who.Was sitting on Captain Montgomery*® right hand, gave a hearty laugh, saying— • "I have seen you many a tiine, Mont gomery, facing an . enemy as cool as you are now. But I must confess your terri fied expression, as the great -monster with green glistening eyes and large white teeth was just in the act of springing--oh you, when I by good" luck gave hiin the con* tents of my rifle, haunts me still." „ Captain Montgomery laughed as heartily as the others at the old colonel's sequel to his story, telKng them how. he .often felt in his dreams, the monster's teeth closing in. his arm,. and awoke trembling from head to root, until he . remembered the brute was lying in fallen dignity, in the •hall. ' . " The sun was shining in at the large windows; which were _ draped with. rich crimson curtains, causing a rosy hue tj» • fall on the old comrades—for they had all, as it happened, been in one regiment, ,al thougn 'there was a considerable difference in their ages, the two younger men being . still in active -service and only on their leave, while Colonel Blunt had retired on .his pension some years before Captain Montgomery had" left the regiment on the death of .his father, when he had come into a large for tune. .... The morning meal was going memiy on when the footman brought in the letters on a salver, which he placed near Captain • Montgomery. . . "One for you, colonel,, and. two each . for Major 'Linton and Mr. Roberts. I allow letters to be read at the table if no ladies ae present," said their host; laugh m^Mine can .wait until I have finished my breakfast, as I see it is from, my wife," said the jovial colonel- , 4 , W "Mine can rest until I have had my holi day, as I. see they are from mytaflbr," . remarked Major Linton. ... But Air. Roberts said, "Well, as you give us leave, Captain" Montgomery, I will open 'mine." "Ah, I see yours are neither from your : wife nor tailor, Roberts'," .said the Major; , and, the young fellow laughed. A if ter replenishing - , the colonel's plate; Captain Montgomery opened one of has letters, which he thought was from Sir Gerald Ross, and the .minute after tinned so pale that . Major Lin dob said— ; * "No bad news, I hope, Montgomery?" "Well, ho, not exactly, only a piece of news that astonished me greatly. In facts ■I cannot believe it is true-" Colonel-Blunt now looked iip. surprised, at the change in Oaptaih Mmitgbineiy's: voice, saying in a cheerful tone— . "Well, I am giad at least: that it as :ho'S bad news," and then not kripyranfe'what else, to say opened Ms wife's letter.. .' "My wife .wishes me to ieijlenibef- her kindly to .you, Montgomery,, and wishes yo.u would get married, and then, she wbiild make you fulfil your promise to her. She does'not tell me what that, prdiiirib is." Ahd he looked kindly at /His host. . "I have always 'told Mis. Blunit thai as soon as I get a .wife she ihiist cdine with you, colonel," answered. Captain Montgomery with the ghost of a smile on Ms pale face,. . . ; . .... But a dampness hail fallen on the jfctriy that even the good-tempered cbkmel'g lively remarks could hot dispel. . So, ;i3iey all. felt glad "When* two, more, gentlemen neighbors of Captain Montgomery, paine . in t$ join,the party, and theycommenced getting.ready, to go on -the inoors. , Poor Captain Montgomery! He did. Trial ■ best to make the day enjoyable for his guests, and only .the three friends who . were staying.in : the hbuse kneit anything . of the strange effect the news contained in Ms morning letter had appeared to have • on their'host. Hach thought a lady miisc 'have- something to do With it. Yet tb all'. outward appeararibe they were • a jo'viil ' party that started for the day's sport. They Were joined by Mr. Behjainih.:RqSs , at the next lodge gate,, which opened on to a winding road, leading up-to a Mgh- • lying mbor,'to wMch the. sportsiheh wenb bound. He knew niost of the gentlemen; and was always a welcome addition' to a He had also hfeard the same piece of news thai had so, dismayed CaptMii Mont gomery, but with a very different feel ing. ."Mrs. Ros&Aid; indeed been so over come by the suddenness of her soil's indi riage, that he could dhly console het hjr telling her if he had been in Hiigh's place he would have acted in the same way. But he could not persuade his wife to let Mm take little Ben with -him, for she said, with tears in her eyes, that. as she had lost her -Hugh she could; iibt trust her little'Ben out of her sight, but she would take him herself when they had - their shooting party. / The path was rather narrow, only wide enough for .two to walk" comfortably side by. side. By chance Colonel Blunt got Mr. Ross for a companion. . . ... " If Mr, Ross does not mind he and I will come quietly on, Montgomery ; as I have never quite got over the spear wound in my thigh_ that it pleased that dark skinned warrior to give me." " I shall be very pleased to walk on quietly, as I am not quite a boy. now," " said Air. Ross laughing, and showing his ■' wMte teeth, of which many a young man would have felt; proud. " " Where ri your brother, Sir Gerald?,,! don't iemember a twelfth of August with out seeing; him-here," asked-:Colonel.Blunt. . " Heis up.im.to.to; ■ butJLthink te'jvill be at. home in; a ■ day or" two," replied his companion. ,.. " And yom\ pretty nieces—are tliey mar i ried yet ?" - •' ' Mr. Benjamin Rop.s thought; for a-nvin • ute and :then said, " One of than is." " Not the one Montgomery admires so , much ? I mean Miss.Glen." " : •" Yes !" said Mr. Ross,-" it'is.Gleh." "Then that accounts for Montgomery ; turning so pale at .breakfast. He said he had received a. piece of news that he could' not believe. I am afraid'he is father hard i hit, poor old fellow! But you have not ' ; yet-told me who your, new nephew is." ; ■ . Mr. Ross laughed,- saying, he .was a near, i relation of his, and- he dared to say the colonel 'could guess who it was.. , " Can it he your handsome stepson ? .1 noticed he was not with you," asked Colo ' ; nel Blunt. } ■ ".Yes, he is the happy man ! And I am really glad he has, got such a good Wife. He and 1 are great friends.' "Well, Ross," a good wife is a great bles sing, as you and I know. And I trust that our host will 'have better luck the next : time." : They had now got on thejmoor, and the day's sport began. • > By the-time the luncheon baskets werej ; opened,-Captain Montgomery had > quite re .' covered hss composure. The party had as-1 eembled on a wooded knoll, where they ■were sheltered from the sun. It was a glo- j .' rious day, the sun lighting up the long ' ' stretch of purple heather that lay at their. ' feet. > "Montgomery looks better -now that he ■ has had a tramp through .the. > heather," ., eaid-Golonel'Blunt, as .he,sat enjoying his j cold'roast beef .on the same mossy hillock » *s -Major Linton. "I canTassure you, "Lin ! ton, I was so star tied, when 1,looked .tip. ; and saw hini; so. pale that I could not eat . my usual breakfast, so I feel' very; peckish : now.. .After lunch .I've got a'pi- eceof.news ; to tell you,, hut wait until we are out of earshot.". : , ; "Montgomery is . a very good.sort of;fel . law. I am, sorry he has heard anything to J annoy him, but. in this world we can't have 1 it all our own way." . j "No,,Linton, when you.get married -you will , have to be content with very little of .your own way," said Colonel Blunt in a serious voice. . . . Major Linton laughed. "Ah,"' he said; "if I could get a good wife like Mrs. Blunt I would not -inmd giv ing in a little." . [To be continued from day to day till • I " . , finished.] " i 