THE IRISHTOWN GHOST. INTENSE EXCITEMENT. ARREST OF A MASQUERADER. The excitement which has for the past three weeks prevailed in the neighborhood of the hospital and also of Lake Weeroona in regard to the "ghost" remains unabated. , The residentsof ;the ’'Ibcidity ’^re; up i it." ’ mrms,' ; and they declare that , they* "toal ! it the ‘glioStshould they cOtohjliiri.j! J A. r !y 0 nth. rtmc'dv Eugene; ‘ Ediy^ ' stopo got "himself ’into serious troiible 'l;; on escapade of his. last niglifc.. i- ; v. i 1 • .«.-rfesidcnt >o&-.;-BaynS' • in front ,bf * •his'’dious-; ■ 7.30; o’clock:last evening, when di> - appeared.to’,be fa wolkmv , Along,the fopfcpaUi.m .Lucmi street* in fron' or the, hospital; - “She” appeared tO ' &6v< ,; along ; very awkwardly, and ‘the "ghostf being uppermost in lus mind; he decided to. watch the movements • of tho straui/r figtiroji . So Mr. ■ Kibby ; followed it at r httlo-' distance behind. It alone 5 a y»e street; J&king; !tho dark, side' Jot Bndge strbcfcy turned into Nolan street, -and wont slowly, dlong Mc.Crae. > street, furthermost end of Lake Wocrooun' entcring the, Lake grounds by thb 'gate nCar the Inglewood railway lino. ; Eilsby ,never, for one. moment doubted - that "he was following and; would eventually track down tho, "ghost” of: Sunday night/ ■ Hi ' e^l oro - kopt steadily on its -track.- : -In; McGrae .street ho rnet a youth "homed Ed-, . 'Vaixl -G’NoilL -. . Eilsby ; told him ’ that the; ghost- had just enterwl bho lake grounds.! and masked chim to, accompany him; O’Neill did;, They /followed’ ib -for a : short .dia tauce, when- they met Mr! . Thomas Eerii ■ loy> who was walkihg thrdugh 'the grounds withv hh, wife.; The party tliCnJfoUowkl ’ tho> r y<>raari’' around" the 'lako, and. wheif •near the "by-wash” above the. public boat-,; house they r carae 'uppn "her” Ferulcy ' asked, - ybot .do you mean, by going :ohoi»f ; ?f have been looking for the ghost,/and now we’ve /oiind Tho “woman’’. indignantly -l ) bcd^. i ,‘Whatrot I. Tm .oh. the.'same game as you.” , . ,"What game?” asked Mr. Fornloy : for- the: ghost, of course !”- re plied the “lady.” . / Ho was dressed:in a dark satin bodice,,)' with a dark- brown skirt, was' wearing a ladyJs , straw- hat; and carried; ah iron..bar" about tlireo feet in length and’a quarter of an inch, in'thickness. - \- They decided to ; take him to the locWip. 1 1 no ,young man, who gave'his narao ns t Johnstone; protested that ho was innocent of' the ghostly manoeuvres of thb post tlireo ’ weekh/ and- tried to prove to the three men' that ho yd ’only dressed- in that fashion es he .thought ho would bo more likely to catch' the-ghost, and so with the iron weapon he 1 .earned lay; him out. But all in void ! ihey woiUd not listen to him, tliough his story was quite feasible. Femley miwevor, laid hold of him by the arms, and itilaby wrested the iron bar from him arid ■ searched the skirt pocket. In it ho found largo stories, which he Threw out/ h ernloy, Eilsby and O’Neill then took tlic captive,out of the-park in the direction of wio watch- houso. On the way they met Constable Moncrieff, who took Johnstone to the lockup. .- It-.was not long before it was spread about : • that the “ghost” hod been captured, and be fore the prisorier and his escort arrived at the lockup scores of people were following; at their heels. The report went all over the town, and in an incredibly short time nearly 0 thousand people gathered in front of the' lockup. The crowd steadily, increased, arid it was not uritil a couple of constables or dered them to leave that the concourse in any .way diminished; Eventually they learned that it was not a real live ghost that had been captured Then the interest slackened and tho crowd dispersed. - !. In the meantime the prisoner had been searched and divested of his feminine ap parel Under the clothes which have boon described, above he-wore his own clothing with the exception of coat and waistcoat .A formal charge of insiilting behavior was entered agajnat him—but the real ’ charge will be for, masquerading os a woman-; | Johnstone,! who* is only 21 years of age, is .a carpontcr v and. has only-recently been married. He lives with his father and ■mother at the rear of-the Benevolent Asy lum. His father on hearing of his arrest came to bail him-out, arid boro out his son’s explanation. Ho says ho know his son wop going out in disguise to look for the “ghost” who had" frightened his mother. The clothes which lie wore outside Iris own belonged to. Mrs. : Jolmstono. ; 'Ho was- released on his 'father’s bail' of £20 and his oivn recogni sance of a .similar amount. There is little doubt that the young man calculated tliat the “ghost,” would'be more likely Id try & frighten a woman-than a ■ man, hence, his donning female clothes' and -having the iron bar Mid the stones ready,' Ho should; however, have told; the' polled , ; what ho intended to do, ' i Tho Daily Nows of " July 21 contains a re; Sort of an inquest hold the previous day at t Bartholomew’s Hospital concerning ; the .death of Henrietta Whitaker, aged 29, the wife of a cabiriet-makor living at. 41 Stanley road, Wakefield. Tho husband stated that his. wife had; complained of pains in hep .stomach for nearly three years, and in May lost she became so ill that he brought her ■ to the- hospital ' He kriow nothing about her eccentricity in the way of food.- Dr.; Gilbert Smith,' house surgeon, said the case was a very remarkable one to tho doctors.! The deceased was specially dieted, and it 'was arranged to perform an operation. On. Saturday night her condition became voiyf (Serious, and sho died a quarter of an hour, after. A post mortem, examination revealed' a remarkable condition of tilings. There were a largo number of cherry arid other; fruit stones, pins, and pieces of straw in the: stomach. , There wore several hundred ■ stones altogether, and tho woman must have; been swallowing them for years.-Death was; duo to ulceration of the intestines. A bottle) containing some of the stones, mostly cherry * arid plum stones, some pins and straw was! handed round to tho jury, who returned a! verdict in accordance'with tho medical ovi- i derie'e. , . A very/good story is told by Poddyniclon: -in Punch. Ho says a suburban citizen has ■ a big grievance against a .local constabU* arid tells his story in most impassioned language. The citizen—whoso name is fhnith perhaps—was going homo late when ho encountered a lost policoinari down a dark street. The policeman staggered away from a crato-surrounding an ornamental tree, and foil against tho b'olntcd .Smith, and, having fallen against him, decided to make the most of his. opportunity: 'T arrest you in the ' , Queonsh pJmamo, said tho pooler. “You are charged with robbery from thb person (hie !) an’ toarin'-mo uniform. You’re Ned j Kelly, tho forger (hie !), and you'ro wonted 'for blasphemy on’ shedition, an’ for bur glary an-'salt an’battery. Oomolong,” By this timo tho pplicoman, who. was deaf to .toosohj liad fallen up<5n Sraitli in tho gutter, and! bad dragged him through a lot of mud, Poor Smith was led and hauled up and down -iri-tho: darimcss,/m-a blind, hopeless,' irre sponsible-way, for riearly an- hour by the luriousi officer of the law, who labored under the impression that ho was' arfostirig a whole ' army : . of ' riinlefactors,, aind, ho wls knocked down arid fallen on end trodden on by tlito ; official inObriato,'. until lie wos • ontly dead from exhaustion. At last the noli'*,- mari loft 'his prisoner p&ntiiig.; up against, b fence . whilst h'o chasejl. an, imriglnary crimi nal who, accOrdirijg. to. the. mngmftcont jinogi nalibri of) tho consioblo', was rourdomg; *■■ woman arid-'two Xittlp cliildron a littlo .lovir down, riib; street,;,; Tho offiebr/did not return, for- Smirii'r'who ia slbwlv rocov-Orinir from *th i : effects of lus untimely, arrest. If this story, is.tiuoj .thero would seem to-bo good reason for an 1 earnest advocacy of tho tomporaude cause amongst.tho suburban -polio 0. ' An extraordinary scene at a marriage is reported from LllleTby tlio Paris correspori, dent of tho - Daily Tolognph. A povtly y/q mon- of 68 appeared lately before the mayor, of that towri. dragging .with her a'pun/, ■ liale, and timid man, a ’ittlo ovor SO,' J She> explained that she wanted-,to. many!, person, and as the;, official ,;wedding cere mony waa aborit to.begin iho daughter, a stout female ot 40.: burst into -tho'plaijo jshoritingj /'I protest I ’ and then ' trjca to separate tho couple, Tho interrupt-; ing parky,. on being-asked hy tho mayor to explain hqr conduct, said Iliab tho groom-was: only running after her mother's; spvings; / which amounted to 8000f, * Thb; mayor ordered the daughter to ;bo t ojOctod from the premises; whordupon she wmit <jrit" into' thef street) and* Oygahised-O' doirionfltra-: tion against 'hor mother and-sUp-fathcr os they< loft rtlie town; hnlb The. Aowly-wpdddd -pair had to.bo cscbrtod |iomd by.tfie polioo/' ond* they thoir rosidenoo umu. a good doalrof;jooririjj and ehaff, /torn of tb<f r pnd r har bookers' 