i ger s Faorite: O0t Il<b T?,edy of Carnlelah Shores. A STORY OF THE STAGE, CHII2IR XXXV. 4Comieven). "What do you mean? What is all thli that you are telling ho?'" asked Ethel, her courage rising with the dread and peril that beset her. "Surely you are jesting." "You will find out that I war never in more sober mood. Mics Ethel Atherton for that I believe Is your name-I have little faith in the legality of the claim you have set up as the heiress ol my uncle, but Lord Mor. leigh belierces in its geneinoness. Un. fortunately, he can do as he chooses with property to the amount of fifty thousand I poonds a year. He was in love with your mother. tier memory has never left him, even though he married one of the faireal women in England. I know him well. Hisi ronerty will hbe delivered over into your poeseaston, ant sa lli ?e lets with an empty title, a couple of dilspidated estates in tou North of England, and nothing with which to run them. I do not choe that i: shall be so. And I have deli:erately decided to place you here, and kt time do its work. In a neck, perhaps lee:, you will be beyond trouble. And my title to the estates will be unFsailable, for you leave no heirs to claim uner you. Failing to p;t in e.ppcrance on your part, li recure to me the property that I feel is mine by right." "r?,st l-ven !''ried Nlhel: "and you a gent!omen, a propfec:ive peer of Eglaond, can do thi thing I it ic ourder I' "Y,'e, it amounts to that," Faid Pobert M uyne, coolly; "obut it il the only way." " ilt I iave never c?red fcr this money," she eage:!y cried. "I did not boonw for wht? purpcee wve were coming here. lIe. lease me. lnt me go, ond I swear to you chst I will rvver present my chim--" " It is tcen te. Your claim has already bice proerlntcd, and the only cay to avert disateer from myself is to rtmove you from my path." " You are a monster." " Perhnap I nm. Bat one must look cor lor his oen interelts. It is your misfortune to have crossed my track. And now the bour grows late, and I mueet leave you. You are young and innocent, probably, and you need not fear to die. An:d I bid yougool.byo, and oeeure you that thin is the least .mo you will ever hear the sound of a human voice I" cena as he epoho, the eound of his voice died away in the dielance, and the heavy metallic clang of a door cluoedbetween Ethel and the found of that cruel voice, and all w still I -,--.·---. CHAPTER XXXVI. IN.T n TOILS. During all this tima Mademoieelle Euph. roeynehad not been idle. She thirsted for the rcdwrd offered for information which would lead to the apprehension of Harry Atherton, and she had set her heart on ruin. ing Eillel as a member of the theatrical pro feesion. She had a warm ally in the detective, aMr. Steele. Notthat 3Ir. Sifelo for a moment euepeoted that Eopbrosyne'e zeal arose in any way from her hatred of Ethel; he only saw in her a woman anxious that the guilty should be punished. And Mr. Steele had al. ways fClt greatly mortified because of the fact that Atherton had escaped him. He had cursed the railway a:cident, and cur.ed the broken leg that confioed him to a bed in the hospital, and hi3 uneasiness had in no small measure retarded his reoovery. He wanted to be up and on tho trail again, begrudging every moment that was lost, and strongly apprehensive that the man heesoght might flit for Canada, and slip him alto gether, and in so doing cheat him-so 3ir. Steele phrased it-out of the reward he rpent so much time in earning. No matter how it was done-as we are not writing a detective story, it is not neces. sary that we should followe Mr. Steele step by step-but at last he traced Harry Ather. ton to a provincial town. He hab a small bhsinere there, and was pasesing under an assumed name, and he had jlst closed his shop for the night when Mr. Steele laid his hand on his shoulder. Young Atherton bad grown thin and pale, and one had only to look in his face to on. derrtand how he had suffered in these years when he had been living in hiding, with the terrible memory of that misty summer night on Carnleigh shores ever prerent with him. He looked at Steele with no surprise in his gaze. He was always expeoling what bad come. c At last I have found you I" raid Steelo, with a ring of triumph in his quiet tihee. "Yon have led me a long chase, but dow that I have you I mean to keep you." Young Atherton regarded him sadly, but made no effort to escape. "I am ratheg glad you have found me," hesaid, apathetieally. "To tell the tiuth, l am tired of living this wa7. I am batter satisfied to think that thise thing will be settled one way or another. It has been a hard life to lead." "I daresay; and I ,pplad your good spose. You will come with me; we will start to-night." "If you will kindly allow me to say good. bye to-to a friend of mine, I shall be much obliged to you," said the young man, a dull red rising to his cheek. Steele looked at him with a shadow of sympathy in his keen, dark eye. The faot that he had been so need to dealing with crime and criminals had not made him hard. hearted. "It is a woman, I perceive," he said, grimly, " Wilt, I was young once, myself, and I am notdisposed to bhe hard on you. I will go with you, and you ehall have an hour." "A few moments will euffce," ensaid Aiher. ton. "Poor girl i she was very good to me when I lay at death's door a year ago; and, under :tler circumsltnces--I mean if no shado," nd hung over me--abe would have been my wile, but I am not dishonorable enough to link any woman's destiny with mine." " That is right," said Steele. "And now, as time is limited, we had better ohe getting to buvines." The houee where young Atlherton oalled was a small cottage in the outskirts of the city, and the room into whioh the two men were shown was nest and plainly furniahed. An elderly woman said she twouldeall Mlisa istey, and directly a young girl of eighteen or twenty entered. Steele had withdrawn to the window, and was staring out at the street, but he saw that the girl was very fair and sweet- with dark brown eyes and hair, and a clear com. plexion where the red showed through on her cheeks. She looked surprised,and a little frightened, but she came forward and laid Ier small lhand in that of Athertun's. a--I did not epeat to see you to.night." she slaid, gently. "Why do yOe not lntro. duet your frisnd," "It is not necesary," said Atherton, holding her hand in both his own-' Alice, dear, I came to say good.bye to you. I am obliged to go away." "To go away I" she said, with a pitiful tremor in her voice. "Not far, I hope? Not for long I" "I am going away, I do not know for how long. Alico, I have told you, dear, that I was under a ban; I have never told you how nor why; but you know that if I had been a freeman I should long ago have told you that I love you, and that the dearest happiness I conuld hope for in this life would be to mahe you my wile. I tell you this, now, booause I may never ree you again," nne hong nEr Wolte arms arooun nltB nee and elang to him, sobbing as if her heart would break. "What is it, Harry? What Is it that rtanda between usel Oh, do not tellme that it is another woman I" "No, my darling, it is not another woman; for in all my lile I have never loved anyone but you. And I never shall. No, nol it is something worse than that." "No," she said, smiling through her tears," nothing could be worse than that. I am glad it is not so." "I must say good-bye to you, Alioe," said Atherton, brascing himself up for the stregle, "and whatever you may hear nbo me, try to beliaeve that mwas unflortu. nate sathir than nrtminal." "Will you not tell me just where you are going? Might I not write to you." The Englith wheat marlet is qcuiet, but tenady. Continental and American market gt'e eh4gpiug a Ijtle Lrd the weoe. 'Yes, I will tell you jest the place. It Me a little fishing village called Carnleigh shores. Ilived there once. And I should be glad to hear from you. It's an isolated place, and but little known. And now, dear, good-bye; and you promise to think kindly of me, whatever happens?" "Yes, always kindly." He kissed her fondly, and with a breaking heart, then turned away to the grim- faced man who stood by the win dow. " Come," he said, hoarsely; "I am ready I" And, without another word, he followed his captor. Two other officers waited outside the door. Atherton glanced at them, and smiled-a smile very bitter in its sad irony. "Yon need not have taken the trouble to summon them," he said, nodding in the direction of the twain; "I was quite ready to go with you without force." " It is beet to bhe prepared," said Steele. "You gave me the slip once, you sre member 1' "But that woas before I bore my secret I slong," said young Atherton. "There is such a thing as growing weary of one's burdno." "I dare soy. And, look here, my man; I cannot help thinking that it would have been better to have told that girl just how things were. It would have settled it between you, and you would not be the man who would hold a woman pledged to one who estaol convicted of a crime like-like that which you are aeoused." "I would not. Bat I could not bear to seo her face grow cold to me, I wanted to carry away with me the memory oel her en shle looked when-when she loved me." Ii: deewr his hat down over his eyes, and settled into his seat in the railway car, and spoke no more. "Poor deil " said Steele to himself, nas he regerdcd hli:a with pitying gaze. "It is hard; and I dare ray the other nagged him I into doing it. For I have seard that this brotlcr of his had a temper, and a will that was like iron. There are always two sides to a q',ltion; but then, a man ought to keep ciar ol the law." The time passed, and the train sped on. At the clo'e of the week, tle last change of care had been made, and the detective and his chrave were seeatd in the one ear which took p l e ncenrs from the great union line up the sh?re to Carnleigh. A telegram had preceded them, and a carriag, was in waiting for MIr. Steele and his proloner, Tucy werre taken to the primitive lockeup, and larry Atherton was locked up for the night. The news spread. toaul Atherton'a murderer had been found and brought back to the scene of his crime I At last, :bh death of this young man was to be avenged The next day was Sunday, and the minister of the little church on the cliffs preached a stirring sermon of warning to the ungodly, and told them, in good and plain old.faehioned phraseology, what the guilty might expect. He made the hair stand on and on the heads of the boys who stole apples and tied pin pails to horses tails, with the vidid way in which he described the place of punishment which awaited the wrong-doer. And the old ladies who bad passed so far down the vale of years that temptations of all kinds had no more charm for them than a dry bone has for a dog. wagged their heads at each other, and told their cenrcrer that he was "getting more and more of the spirit every day." When hee appointed day for Harry Atherton's examination arrived, the little town hall was packed. Everybody who had ever known the Widow Atherton's boys were thele. Some believed Harry guilty; some trusted in his innocence; a few there were who were bold enough to say that if he threw Paul'over the cliff, it was no more than he deserved, since he was wont to lord it over his younger brother with a right hand, Judge Tileeton,witli whom Harry had reae law, was to be his counsel and a young man by the name of Brown, who hbd only a slight Eemblace of down on his upper lip, and had just hung out his legal shingle in a neighboring town, acted as Harry's lawyer. The preliminary examination brought out nothing new, A few witnesses testified to having seen the two brothers and Miss Glen. mere together; a few gossips testified that they thought that both young men were in love with her. Many other items of little importance were given in evidence, and then the dying deposition of James Dagetan was read. Over and over again had the cub. stanco of that paper been repeated to the inhabitants of Carnlcigh, but it had a new interest today, when it was put in as evi dence against the prisoner, who, it was noticed, greow very pale during the r!ad. inog. When all the evidenoe was submitted, the presiding judge replaceod his gold-bound spectacles on his nose, and isked the pri soner what he had to say. Harry Atherton lifteidhi head, and his clear blue eyes ran over the upturned faces of the crowd, as if he sought to find sym. pathy somewhere in the assemblage. He toessed the bright hair back from his brow, and stood erect. There were lines of care on his forehead, and his, mouth, beneath his tawny moustache, had taken a curve habitually sad; but a few who looked at him felt in their hearts that no traces of an evil spirit were on his face. "Of the crime with which I am aeoused," he said, in a clear voice, " I am not guilty. We met that night, and hot words passed between us. But, before God, Idid not push my brother over the oliff He stepped backward, lost his balance, and, though I sprang forward to grasp him and draw him back, it was too late-alas, too late I" He buried his face in his hands, and his tall form shook with emotion. The lawyers consulted together, and young Atherton was sent to gaol to awart his trial at the next term of the court, which would :onvene in four weeks. The days wore on gloomily enough to the prisoner. He had faintly expeoted-nay, hoped-that Alice Estey might write to him, and he had asked the gaol.keeper, who was a kindly and superanuated old man, to in. quiro for letters for him at Carnleigh; but the days passed on, and no message iame. "She has forgotten," Harry sadly said. "She may have heard the truth; and if so, I cannot blame her. Well, if things had been different I could have been vesy happy with her; but my life has all gone wrong, and it will be wrong to the end, I suppose. And all I can do is to bear it like a man. The old gaoler was fond of coming in and sitting down for a social ohat with hls prisoner. He had had bcharge of the gaol for more than thirty years, and this wase the first time that any prisoner charged with a capital crime had been placed under his jurisdiction, He had had to do with no more distinguished criminals than hen-roost brigands, and men who had bsat?en their wives, and once with a desperado who had robbed the Northern mail coanoh, and fired a pistol shot through the hat of the driver. Mr. Jenkins-that was the gaolers name had known lMrs. Atherton in his girlhood days, and he naturally felt a strong intsrut in her boy, "Your mother was a stunner when she was young," said the old man, blowing the asheh out of his clay pips and preparing to load np again with afreseh charge. "Quite a belle in her day. Her eyes were black as the storm I clouds in Novamber, and she could row a boat with the best man on the Shoras- ay I that shbe could. And all the folks thought i your father a duced luoky man when she chapped alongside of him for life," "My mother was a good mother to me," said Harry. "Ay, that she was. And you and Palnt were two line boys; lade fora mother to be proud of. And I never believed that ye did it on purpoee. No,Inever did, And there's my hand on it." And he shook Harry's bound nOtil the young man winced beneath the presurs, for Mr. Jenkins never did things la halves. "But even if they should prove that ye did it," went on the old man," it wouldn't hang ye, ye know; that sort of thing is almost done away with. HIanging's too barbarous, the wise men down in 'Gustse say." "But it would be imprisonment for life, and that ia worse," asid Harry, bitterly, "I would rather they made an end of me than shut me up for life." "Wall, either on 'em's rongh enough, I reckon. IHark Il that was the bell at the gate. Imake no doubt, young sir, that you've got a visitor." SHarry laughed, and there was bitterness in the sound. "No one would come to visit me, I have no friends anywhere on the face of the earth." "Nerer say that," said the old man eheer. Sfully "No man has any right to ea that, Durin the month of septlember the aictora. by sec numbered 6311, Sw~ila blia daeou~gg w~s g Ii. Aud tu eie' h vn isu T ieaTo-sp -_i' - ai that never foreakes* k " bne" ided, re. verently. Harry listened 'to the gaoler's retreat 'log foot?teps, and sank back in hie hard chair, with a dull look of despair on his lice; Presenilyhe heard the soned of steps and voiocrs n anverestion, and the next moment the door of the prison.oell was throwi open, and Jenhins came in, followed by a young girl with dust.covered 'igmgn)c, and shoes which showed the wear and tear of many a weary mile of travel. "I have bioobt a friend to see you,"haid the gaoler," and if you like, ihe can hhve copper with you. And I'll go dow and see about getting it ready." And he closed the door behind him, The young girl threw up her vail, and re vealed the palo and weary face of Alice E'ley. "Alice l" cried young Atherton, "how came yon here" "Did you think I would not come?" she asked, repioachfolly. "If so, then you have misjudged me. I started two days after you did, but it is a long way, and my money gave out, and the last fifty miles I have come on foot." " My own dear girl I" he cried, folding her in his arms andkissing her hot forehead, and I doubted you because I received no letter. But, Alice, how did you find your way? And you cannot know ot what I am aoonaed, oryoa would noetbe here." "I know everything, It has been in the papers, with many exaggerations, no doubt; but I know that you are accused of murder ing your brother; and Iknow, also, that you are innocent. And I love you, and I am come t~ remain with you," CHIAPTER XXXVII. THE wAcES or SIN. i Johnson's mad.house ?" said the old woman, whom Jack Barton had asked to direct him to the place mentioned, staring at him through her glasses. " Well, I de clare I You can't bemnch aequainted round in these parts if you don't know where that atr' building is I And what you want to go there for beats me I Hain't nobody there, and bhasn't been for two years. Police broke it op and old Johnson scooted. Drlt him I" "But I asked you the way," said Barton, impatiently. "Oh, you want to go there? Well, you don't look as if you was off your head, but anybody that would go there most be kinder daft. Why, mister, the place is hau nt f!" "Will you please direct me thither 1" "Sartin I I can do it, if you'd want me to; but you'd better not go. Why, for six weeks there's been awful cuttings up there with ghosts, so I've heern, Lights has been seen in the upper windows bobbing round, and my eon, Tom-and Tom never tells a lie, unless he's a-going to make something out of it-is sartin hbe'eeen a man a-standine on the front portioe three or four nights ago I And there haan't been a soul lired in the house since they starved that poor Mary Read to death better'n two years ago, and the eesifers took the place in hand," " Once more, I ask you, will yea tell me how to get there 2" " Sartin, I'll tell you. But if anything happens to you don't never blame me. You go straight down this 'ere right hand road to the first road to the left, and then take that and go on till you come to a pair of stone poets-there used to be a gate there-and turn down that road through the woods, It is about half a mile." "The first house you come tot" asked Barton. "Lord bless you ol there bain't no other house within two mile I Nobody would want- Well, I'll be toasted If the critter hain't gone and never thanked mel There be goes like a loony," shading her eyes with her bhand to get a clearer view. " There's sumthin' wrong about that chap, or I miss my guess." Meanwhile Barton strode on at the top of his speed, his dark brows bent, hislips firmly set. It was getting on for dark, the sun had set, and the evening promised to be damp with fog. It was quite dark when he reached the stone poets. He stopped there, and examined a pair of revolvers which he carried, and then returned them to his pockets with an air of satiefaction, Every chbamber was loaded. iHe entered the lane, heavily wooded on either side, and smelling deep and mouldy from the recent nine,. The place was as still as a tomb, and so darkthat Barton had much ado to keep his footing through the mad and sloughs with which the path abounded. At last he saw the outlines ol a large build. ing looming up black before him. There were no lights anywhere to be seen. It stood desolate and gloomy against the grey sky, this house of ill-omen, and for a moment Barton wavered and felt inclined to cursehii folly in having ,asted his time in coming here. He stood still in the dense shadow of the shrubbery, and watched the place for more than an hour. At last he saw the faint glimmer of a light through a closely shuttered window, and then it disappeared. " No gbost light that," said Barton to him. self,"buthonest kerosene, or I am moch mistaken. Now, then, to reach the room where that light appeared." lIe ?alked cautiously around the house discovering nothing more, and returned to hie first point of observation; A thick mat of woodbine covered the front of the house and had climbed up the roof, and Barton having tested its firmnese, began to ascend the side of the building. It might have been for a landsman a somewhat difficult feat, but for this son of the onean it was mere ahild'se play, and he went up the knotted foliage like a eat up a tree. The window at which he had seen the light was reaohed without difieulty, and putting onut his hand he touched an iron grating, To 1"Co-mr? . 