A SEA TRAGEDY. A MURDEROUS COOK. A despatch from Newport News, Va., 5th November, is as follows:— The U.S.S. Lancaster dropped anchor in Hampton Roads this, morning from Bahia, Brazil. In military confinement on the warship are five men of the crew of the schooner Oliver Pecker, : whose captain, J. W. Whitman, of Rockland. Me., and first mate, Win. Saunders, of Sandy Cove, N.S., were murdered at sea in August last. In the ship's brig closely confined is Jos. Anderson, the schooner's cook, who is the self-confessed perpetrator of the murders, and who afterward set fire to the vessel. The Olive Pecker sailed from Boston 27th June with a cargo of. lumber for Bahia; and the story of this tragedy of the sea is told best in the words of the murderer, who to-night gave to the Associated Press the following version of his crime: "I was put aboard the Olive Pecker, a two-masted schooner from Boston to Bahia, and had to serve the captain as his servant. I had good reason to believe that the captain did not take to me, and I was always in fep.r of my life whenever he got into his mad fits. He had a dog which was always coming into the cook house and annoying me. On the day. of our little difficulty the animal came inside and I threw a boiler of hot water on him. Well, he howled, and the next thing I knew the captain was coming for me. I went to his cabin and he commenced cursing me, telling me that, this sort of thing had to stop. I did not say. anything to him, and he ordered me into his cabin to make up his bed. This was in the morning. "I made up his bed, and he ordered me out, with a volley or oaths. I. saw he was in mean humor and determined to aim myself" against him. I knew the captain had some pistols in his cabin and I went back' to get one of them. Just a3 soon as I entered the captain fired a beer bottle at me, and seeing- that I dodged it he picked.up a pistol from the table and sent a ball in my direction. I had got my hand on a weapon which was lying on the corner of his table, and, of course, i opened fire 011 .the rascal. My. first bullet took effect in his forehead, and the second one went into his breast, killing him almost instantly. I then w:ent upon deck called to the mate, who was in the fore rigging. ^ "He shouted down to'me, asking what I wanted. I told him to come down, that the captain wanted him in the cabin. He started down, and when he reached the ,deck I Wgp| „for him. He was an old fellow, with whi^cers, and I felt like smashing him with my fist. He looked at me as if to inquire my authority to order him about, and I levelled the weapon at his old bewhiskered head, saying at the same time V: "Now, die like the dog you are.' With that I pulled the trigger, and the mate dropped to the deck, rolling to the port Side of the ship. "I then went down into the cabin, thinking I would be able to take the ship mj'self. I saw that the captain was'a ghost and I came upondeck again. The mate was groaning and I felt it my duty to put him out of his misery. One. more shot did the act. * I secured the captain's other pistol, and after giving the mate a second bullet I started toward the crew, who were aft, with a pistol in each hand and gave them to understand that I was to be master of the Olive Pecker and that the first man who undertook to disobey my orders would have to suffer the consequences. They carried out my commands without a murmur. "I first ordered them te throw the mate's body overboard, and then we went down into the cabin and brought up the captain's corpse, disposing of it in like manner. Next I ordered the men to get out the oil and saturate the whole vessel, fore and aft, In such a manner that she would burn up like . They did that, and then we got our belongings and prepared to take to the boaits after setting fire to the old ship. My chum and I went down in one of the boats while the other four men took to another. They pulled off in a different direction from us and we never savf them again until we met in prison in Bahia. They must have peached 011 us, for no sooner had we landed from tha ship we had taken than the officers placed us under arrest, and sent us to Bahia. "The Pecker was one month out from Boston, and was within two days of Bahia when all this happened. She was a two-masted schooner, and started out with a crew of eight." This statement was sent ashore by an officer of marine. The officer stated that when the men were thrown into prison at Bahia, the United States Consul at that port communicated with the Navy department at Washington concerning tlie arrest of the murderer and his accomplices, and received instructions to place them aboard the cruiser Lancaster, which at the time was several hundred miles south of Bahia. and which woul«J be ordered to that port as soon as possible. The seamen remained in the old prison at Bahia for four weeks before the arrival of the Lancaster. , When the men were sent aboard the cruiser they were fo". id to be so filthy and poorly clad that it was necessary to give -them baths and new wearing apparel. The COOk was ordered in irons and the remainder of the unfortunate crew were placed m militarv confinement. The five sailors are under the impression that they are being held as witnesses against the cookand will be expected"'to testify that lie murdered the captain aud mate. It is more than probable, however, that they will not only be used as witnesses against the murderer, but will be held and convicted on the charge of firing a ship on the high seas. The other five men of the Olive Pecker's crew are William Hursburg. Andrew F. March, Manuel Barriat, John Lend, and M. Barstad. l He : Do you think it wrong for a man. to liiss a sirl hP- is not engaged to? She: I think it would bf wrong for him tabe ejisagv-d to all tlie slvl* h-? kisses, . 