©ar ffiak THAT LITTLE SQUARE BOX. A TERRIBLE DYNAMITE STORY. Conan Doyle in " Boston Pilot." This was au unexpected piece of luck in the midst of my perplexities. Dick was just the mail I wanted; kindly and shrewd in his nature, ami prompt in his actions, I should have no difficulty in-telling him • my suspicions, and could rely upon his sound sense to point out the best course to pursue. Since I was a little lad in the second form at Harrow, Dick had been my adviser and protector. He saw at a glance that something hod gone wrong with me. " Hullo !" he said, in his kindly way. " what's put you about, Hammond ? You look as white as a sheet. Mai de mer, eh ?" " No, not altogether that,"' said I. " Walk up and down with me, Dick ; I want to speak to you. Give me your arm." Supporting myself .on Dick's stalwart frame, I tottered along by his side; but it was some time before I could muster resolution to speak. " Have a cigar," said he, breaking silence. " No, thanks," said I. " Dick, we shall be all corpses to-night." " That's no reason against your having a. cigar now," said Dick, in his cool way, but looking hard at me from under his shaggy eyebrows as he spoke. He evidently thought that my intellect was a little gone, " No," I continued, " it's no laughing matter; and I speak In sober earnest, I assure you. I have discovered an infamous conspiracy, Dick, to destroy this ship and every soul that is in her," and I then pi'oceeded systematically, and in order, to lay before him the chain of evidence which I had collected. . " There, Dick," I said, as I concluded, "what do you think of that, and, above all, what am I to do ?" To my astonishment he burst into a hearty fit of laughter. " I'd be frightened," he said, if any fellow but you had told me. as much. You always had a way, Hammond, of discovering mares' nests. I like to to see the old traits breaking out again Do you remember at school how you swore there , was a ghost in the long room,' and how it turned out to be your own reflection in the mirror V Why, man," lie continued, "what object would anyone have in destroying this ship ? We have no great political guns aboard. On the contrary, the majority of the passengers are Americans. Besides, in this sober nineteenth century, the most wholesale murderers stop at Including themselves among their victims. Depend upon it, you have misunderstood them, and have mistaken a photographic camera, or something equally innocent, for an infernal machine." " Nothing Of the sort, sir," said I, rather touchily. " You will learn to your cost, I fear, that I. have neither exaggerated nor misinterpreted a word. As to the box, I have certainly never before seen one like it. It contained delicate machinery; of that I am convinced, from the way in which the men handled it and spoke of it." " You'.d make out every packet ,of perishable goods to be a torpedo," said Dick, "it.that is to be your only test." f "The man's name was Flannigan," 1 continued. "I don't think that would go very far In a court of law," said Dick; " but come, I have finished my cigar. Suppose we go down together and split a bottle of claret. You can point out these two Orsinis to me if they are still in the cabin." " All right," I answered ; " I am determined not to lose sight of them all day. Don't look hard at them, though, for I don't want them to think that they are being watched." " Trust me," said Dick ; " I'll look as unconscious and guileless as a lamb," and with that we passed down the companion and into the saloon. A good many passengers were scattered about the great central table, some wrestling with refractory carpetbags and rug straps, some having their luncheon, and a few reading and otherwise amusing themselves. The objects of our quest were not there. We passed down the room and peered into every berth, but there was no sign of them. " Heavens !" thought I, "perhaps at this very moment they are beneath ourfeet, in; the..hold, or mnino-nfrim: nrenarins their diabolical contrivance !" It was better to know the worst than to remain in such suspense. * "Steward," said Dick, "are there any other gentlemen about V" "There's two in the smoking-room, sir," answered tiie steward. The smokiug- room was a little snuggery, luxuriously fitted up, and adjoining the pantry. We pushed the dour open and entered. A sigh of relict' escaped from my bosom. The very first object on which my eye rested was the cadaverous fac-e of Flannigan, with its hard-set mouth and unwinking eye. His companion sat opposite to him. They were both drinking, and a pile of cards lay upon the table. They were engaged ill playing as we entered. I nudged Dick to show him that we had found our quarry, and we sat down beside tliein with as unconcerned an air as possible. The two conspirators seemed to take little notice of our presence. I watched them both narrowly. The game at which they were playing was " Napoleon." Both were adepts at it. and I could not help admiring the consummate nerve of men who. with such a secret at their hearts, could devote Ihoir minds to the manipulating of a long suit, or the finessing of a queen. Money changed hands rapidly: but the run of luck seemed to be all against the taller of the two players. At last lie threw down his cards on the table with an oath, and refused to go oil. " No, I'm hanged if I do," he said : • "I haven't had more than two .of a suit for five hands." " Never mind,' said his comrade, as he gathered up his winnings ; " a few dollars one way or the other won't go very far after to-night's work." I was astonished at the rascal's audacity, but took care to keep my eyes fixed abstractedly upon the ceiling, and drank my wine in as unconscious a manner as possible. I felt that Flannigan was looking towards me witfh his wolfish eyes to see if I had noticed the allusion. He whispered something to his companion which I failed to catch. It was a caution, I suppose, for the other answered, rather angrily— " Nonsense ! Why shouldn't I say what I like ? Over-caution is just what would ruin us." I believe you want it not to come off." said Flannigan. " You believe nothing of the sort." saitl the other, speaking rapidly and loudly. " You know as well as I do that 'when I play for a stake I like to win it. But I won't, hare my words cut short or criticised by you or . other man. I have as much, interest in our success as you have—more, I hope." He was quite hot about it, and puffed furiously at his cigar for some minutes. The eyes of the other ruffian wandered alternately from Dick'. Merton to myself. I knew that I was in the presence of a desperate man, that a quiver of my lip might be the signal for him to plunge a weapon into my •heart, but I betrayed more self- command than I s'hould have given myself credit, for under such trying circumstances. As. to Dick, he was as immovable and apparently as unconscious as the Egyptian Sphinx. There was silence for some time in the smoking-room, broken only-by the c-risp rattle of the cards, as the man Muller shuffled them up before replacing them in his pocket. He still seemed to be somewhat flushed and irritable. Throwing the end of his cigaT into the spittoon, he glanced defiantly at his companion aud -turned toward me. • • •*- v "Can you tell me, sir," he said. " when this ship will be heard of again ?"* They were both looking at me ; but though my face may have turned a trifle paler, my voice was as steady as ever as I answered— " T presume, sir. that it will be heard of first when it enters Queenstown Harbour." " Ha ! ha !" laughed tihe angry little man, " I knew you would: say that. Don't you kick me under the table, Flannigan, I won't stand it. I know what I am doing. You Sl-e'wrong, sir," he continued, turning to me—" utterly wrong." " Some passing ship, perhaps," suggested Dick. " No, nor that either." " The weather is fine," I said ; " why should we not be heard of at our destination ?" " I didn't say we shouldn't be heard of at our destination. Possibly we may not, and In any; case that is not T " Where, then ?" asked Dick. " That, you shall never know. Suffice it that, a rapid and mysterious agency will "signal our whereabouts, and that, before the day is out. Ha ! ha.! " and he chuckled once again. " Come on deck," growled his comrade ; " you have drunk too much of that, confounded brandy and water. 11 lias loosened your tongue. Come away :" and, taking him by the arm. he half led him, half forced him out of the smoking room, and we heard fliem stumbling up the companion together and on to the deck. " Well, what do you think now ?" I gasped, as I turned .towards Dick. He was imperturbable as ever. "Think !" he said. "Why, I think wliat his companion thinks, that, we have been listening to the ravings of a half-drunken man. The fellow stunk of brandy." " Nonsense, Dick ! you saw how the other tried to stop his tongue." " Of course he did. He didn't want his friend to make a fool of himself before strangers. Maybe, the short, one is a lunatic, and the other his private keeper. It's quite possible." "Oh. Dick, Dickl" I cried, "how can you be so blind '? Don't you tfee that every word confirmed our previous suspicion ?"' " Humbug, man!" said Dick. " You're working yourself into a state of nervous excitement. Why. what the devil <lo you make out of all that nonsense about a mysterious agent which would signal our whereabouts ?" " I'll tell you what he meant, Dick," I said, bending forward, and grasping my friend's arm. " He meant a. sudden glare and a flash seen out at sea by some lonely fisherman off the American coast. That's what he meant." " I didn't think you were such a fool, Hammond," said Dick Merton, testily. " If you 1r.v to fix a literal meaning oil the twaddle that every drunken man talks, you will come to some queer conclusions. Let us follow their example, and go on deck. You need fresh air. I think. Depend upon it, your liver is out of order. A sea-voyage will do you a world of good." "If ever 1 see the end of this one," I groaned, " I'll promise never to venture on another. They are laying the cloth, so it's hardly worth while my going up. I'll stay below, and unpack my things." " I hope dinner will find you in a more pleasant, state of mind," said Dick, and he went out, leaving me to my thoughts, until the clang of the great gong summoned us to the saloon. My appetite, I need hardly say. had not been improved by the incidents which had occurred during the day. I sat down, however, mechanically at the table, and listened to the talk that was going on around me. There were nearly a hundred first-class passengers, and as the wine began to circulate, their voices combined with tiie clash of the dishes to form a perfect Babel. I found myself seated between a very stout and nervous old lady and a prim little clergyman : and, as neither made any advances, I retired into my shell, and spent my time in observing the appearance of my fellowvoyagers. I could see Dick in the dim distance dividing^ liis attentions between a joiutless fowl in front, of him and a self-possessed young lady at his side. Captain Dowie was doing the honours at my end, while the surgeon of the vessel was seated at the other. I was glad to notice that Flannigan was placed almost opposite to me. As long as I had him before my eyes, I knew that, for the time at least, we were safe. He was sitting with what was meant to be a sociable smile upon his grim face. It did not esea.pe me that lie drank largely of wine—so largely that even before the dessert appeared his voice had become decidedly husky. His friend Muller was seated a few paces lower down. He ate little, and appeared to be nervous and restless. Now ladies," said our genial captain. " I trust that you will consider yourselves at home aboard my vessel. I have no fears for the gentlemen. A bottle of champagne, steward. Here's to a fresh breeze and a quick passage • I trust our friends in America will hear of our safe arrival in eight days, or in nine at the very latest." (To be concluded.) P. J. O'CCNNOB, Merchant Tailor, next Richmond Town Hall. A nice aGBortment of fashionable tweeds just opened. First class tradesmen employed. Prices, fit, and material guaranteed to give satisfaction. A trial solicited. 