Sermon. Spiritualism an Imposture. Br. Rev. Db. Talsuob. - I Tlieie thall-not lie found amonc you-any 1 consumer with familiar spirits, or a -wizird, or a ueeromaucer. For all that do these things are ah abomination unto the Loid.—Deut. xviii. 10-14. - .r ' We are surrounded-by mystery. Before Its. behind us, to tbe right of us, to the left of us—mystery. -There is a vast realm un explored that science," I have no doubt, will yet map out. . He who explores that realm will do the world more service than did ever a Columbus or an Amerigo Vespucci. There are so many things that cannot be accounted for. so many sounds and appearances which defy acoustics and investigation, so many effects which do not seem to have a sufficient cause. The wall befc;veen the spiritual and the material is a very thin wall. I. The first leading remark I have to make in regard to spiritualism is that it is a very old doctrine of deception. Do you want to know the origin uud the history of that which has captured so many in all our towns aud cities—a doctrine with which some of you are ringed ? Spiritualism in America was boruin IS 17, in Hydesville, Wayne county, where one night there was a pretended rapping at the door of .Michael Weekroan, and a second and third rapping at the door, aud every 'time the door was . opened there was no one there. Proof positive that they were invisible knuckles that rapped at the door! Iu the same house there . was a man who felt a cold hand pass over bis fore head, but -no arm attached to the hand. Proof positive it was spiritualistic influence! In all ages there have been necromancers, those who consulted with the spirits of the departed! charmers, who threw people into a mesmeric state! sorcerers, who by eating poisonous herbs can see everything, hear every thing, and tell everything: astrologers, who found out a new dispensation of the stars; experts in palmistry, who can tell from. the lines in the palm of your hand your origin, your history, and your destiny. From the; cavern on Mount Parnassus it is said there; came up an atmosphere that intoxicated the' sheep uud the goats that came near by. aud under its influence the shepherds were lifted into exultation, so that they could foretell future events nnd .consult with familiar spirits. Long before tbe time of Christ | the Brahmins had table-rocking and table- i quaking. What does God think of all these ! [things? He says in one place, 141 will j [be a swift witness against the sorcerers." | Ho says in another place, 4' Thou shalt not ! suffer a witch to live." And lest you should | make too wide a margin between spiritualism I and witchcraft, He groups them together in | the text ani says, 4* There shall not be found ! among you .any consulter with familiar | spirits, or a wizard, or a necromancer.; For j all that do these things are an abomination : unto the Lord." ' ; 2. Spiritualism takes advantage of thooe who are weak arid morbid with trouble.' We lose a friend. - The house is dark, the world is dark, the future seems dark. If we had iu our rebellion aud weakness the power to mar shal a host and recapture our loved one from j jhe'upxt world, we would marshal the host.-1 Oh, how some loug to speak with the dead! j We, as Christians, long to speak with the! living—those who, alive in Christ on earth, j are alive with Him for evermore. Spiritualism comes in at that moment, when we are all I worn out, perhaps by six weeks* or two months* watching—all worn out, body, mind, and *oul—and says, "Now, I will open the door: ynu shall hear the voices. Take your place around the table; all be quiet now." Five minutes pass along—no-response from the next world. Ten ;minutes, 15 minutes. 20 minutes. Nervous system all the time more and more agitated. Thirty minutes—no response from the next world; 40 minutes pass, and tho table begins to shiver. Then the 44 medium " sits down, his haud twitch ' ig, and. the p^u aud the iuk and the paper having been provided, he writes out the message from the next world. What a fraud! What a mean artifice! What is remarkable, is that these spirits, alter being in tbe illumination of heaven, some for years, forget how to speil right. People who were excellent grammarians come buck, and with their first sentence smash all the laws of English.grammar. I received such a letter. I happened to know the man that sigued it. It was a miserably-spelt letter. I sent it back with the remark. 44 You just send word to those spirits they had better go to school arid study orthography.*' It comes iu time of weakness and overthrows the soul. Now, just think of spirits enthroned in heaven coming down to crawl under a table, nnd break crockery, and ring tho bell before supper is ready, and rattle tbe shutters on a gusty night I What consolation is such miserable stuff as compared with the consola tion of our departed friends frco from toil and sin and pain, for .ever happy, knowing we will join them, not in mysterious and half utterance which makes the hair maud on end, and makes cold chills creep along the back, but in a reunion most blessed and happy and glorious? u And none shall murmur or misdoubt When God's great sunrise fiuds us out.** Oh, I hate spiritualism, because it takes ad vantage of people when they arc weak and worn out and morbid under life's bereave ments and sorrows. 3\. Spiritualism is an affair of tho night. The Davenports, the Foxes, the Fowlers, and all the mcaium9 prefer the night, or, if it is in the daytime, a darkened room. Why ? Because deception is more successful in the night. * They love darkness because their deeds are evil. Some of the things done in spiritual ism are unquestionably not frauds, but are to be ascribed to. some occult law; but many of their feats are unmitigated humbug-. All the mediums of the past did their work in the night. The witch of Endor held her seance in the night. Deeds of darkness! Away with this'religion of spooks. Spiritualism ruins the physical health. Look in upon an audience of • spiritualists. Cadaverous, pale, worn out, exhausted; hands cold and clammy, Nothing prospers but long hair—soft marshes yielding rank grass. Sometimes startling forms are in the room, clothed in white. Table fidgety as though to get its feet loose and dance. . Voices sepulchral. Rappings mysterious.. I never knew a confirmed spiritualist who had a healthy nervous organi sation. It is the firafc stage of epilepsy or catalepsy; I. notice that people who hear a v great many rappings from the next world have not much strength to endure the hard raps of this. If spiritualism hod its way it would turn the world into a pandemonium Gf carnality. It is au unclean aud an adulterous system, and the sooner.it goes down to the pit from whence it came up, the . better for earth and heaven. For the sako'of man's honour and woman's purity, let it perish.' I wish I could gather up all the zaps it has ever heard from spirits blessed or damned on its own head in one thundering rap of annihilation. There is not an asylum from Bangor to San Francisco where there are cot the torn and bleeding victims of spiritualism.; Ton go into an asylum and. say, " What is the matter with this man?" The doctors will tell you again and again, "Spiritualism demented him." '•"What is the mutter with this woman ?" The doctors will tell you, "Spiritualism demented her." They have been carried off into mental midnight.. At Flushing, Longlsland, there was ahappy home. The father became iufatnatcd with spiritualism, forsook his home, took the £3,000, the only £3,000 be. bad, surrendered the amount to a New York " medium," three times attempted to take his own life, and then was sent to the State lunatic asylum. You put your hand in the hand of this infiuence, | and it will lead you down to darkness, eternal darkness, where* spiritualism holds an ever-1 lasting seance. The steamer Atlantic started1 from Europe for America. After it had been out long enough to get to the middle of the ocean, tho machinery broke, and for daya and weeks tho steamer Atlantic tossed about in the waves.' Well, there were many friends of passengers 'in these cities, and they said: "That vessel has gone down; it is a month since she'was doe; that vessel must .have sunk." There - were wives who went to spiritual mediums to learn the fate of that vessel. The spirits were gathered round the table, and - they. said that vessel had gone, to tho bottom with'all on !>oard.: Some of those women went to the insane asylum and there passed tho rest of their lives.' But one day off Quarnntine a gun was heard. Plugs went up on all the shippiuir, hells, of New York and Brooklyn were rung, newsboys ran through the streets, shouting,' " Extra ! The Atlantic safe!" The vessel came to the wharf, and thero was embracing of long absent ones; but some of the men went up to tho .insane asylums to find their, wives incarcerated by this foul cheat of hell, spiritualism. What did Judge Edmonds say in Broadway Taber nacle. New York, whilo making argu ment in behalf • of spiritualism, himself having .been fully captured? What did Judge Edmonds say? Ho admitted this: "There is it fascination about consultation .with the spirits of the dead that has a tendency to lead people off from their right judgment, and instil into them what is revolt-, ing to tho natural mind." Spiritualism ruins; its disciples aud its mediums. No sooner had | the Gudarene swine on: the banks of Galileo i become spiritual mediums than they went i down in an avalanche of pork, to the conster nation of all the herdsmen. Spiritualism is bad 'for a man, bad for a woman, had even for swine! Spiritualism ruins the soul. It first makes a man a quarter of an infidel, then it makes him ' half an infidel, then it makes him a full infidel. The whole system is built on the insufficiency of the Bible as a revelation. If God is over struck square in the facc.it is when men sit'at a table, put their hands, on the table, and practically say, " Come, you spirits of the departed, and make a revelation in regard to the future world which tho Bible has not made. Come, father ; come, mother ; come, oompsmonin life ; my children, #como ; tell me something about that future world which the Bible is not ablo to toll mo." Although tho Bible saya ho that adds a word to it shall be found a lutrf men are all tho time gotting these rerelations, or trying to-get them. from.the next world. YouvriUeitW brother, mr sister—you will either In',,? give up the Bible or giro up apirihuC I think wo have como to the timo spZnJ by the apostle when he says, " In iK,. times some shall depart from the fall? giving heed to Bedncing" spirits." 4$) fhint nflvop RO milfdvfin nnir fKn .» think never so much as now the words of a text need* to ho rung in alt tie; chmff —"There shall not ^ you any consulter with familiar/sSl or a wizard, or a necromancer., EkJT that do theso things are an abombl tion unto the Lord." I invite, you (0 i Christian seance—not a midnight ! noonday seance. • This whole church ii'ft. family. Hero is the table. Potthe hiWeta the table. Then lot us put our hands on ft, Bible and listen if wo can catch a voice the next world. The answer conxM: "^ secret things belong unto the Lord oni 6cd« but those things which are revealed below fa us and to our children for .ever." Thatig t voice from the next world. Before yotim^ the Christian seance I wane you to prow you ' that you will trust in the Word of Gcdaiiij'J untilthelight of the eternal world upon us. . . .t I)o not sit at a worldly _ either in fun or in earnest; *1. Hup your tables so well made that* ft* will not tip.' If the table miist move, haroij moved unaer the offices of industrious hocs^ wifery. Let your children know there.ateia ghosts except those that walk on two or joo feet—human or bestial. Do not . go'to get somebody to tell. your fortune. • Tell jd© own fortune by putting your trust inCodnd doing your best. I will tell you your for. tuneT " All things work together'for good for them that love God." . Do'not insult jour departed friends by asking them to come into a dark closet to cut up capers, or crawl usda the extension table, .Rememberthere is only one Spirit you have a right to invoke, and thai is the grand, the glorious, the august, thehely, the omnipotcntSpiritofGod, nowmovpigupoi your soul. Grieve hira not away.;-Throw dropping through the roof, coming in at Ua winaow, filling all the room from .door a door and from floor to ceiling, with tenda and over-mastering intonation saying, u.Hj Spirit shall not always strive." ' Accept Jesus as your personal Saviour, and; the folly | of spiritualism and the eccentricities of mnb I just outside the. lunatic asylum will bsrcu charms for you. • Once saved by faith, pa can sing : • : j_ 