WAXWOMS BIIM; ' OOMPIETE IN THIS ISSUE. " TIGHE HOPKINS, Author of " Nell Hntfondon," "Eiimainham Memories," Lady. Bonnie's Experiment," ' &c.;, &c.; coPYnwirr. B HAT is a- con« uiidrura of a ,x T J face!" said I, f ' i .ft as tho boy i < vy peered up at I J: r PlVOVtOt mo in the ICe I" nj "ooty twilight . V / |U V and passed on. \ ' I x f Tho same J I Ab fiul!el-> flat I r visa£rc' with y p \ au expression / ; is. \ mingled of ,r It to pi) cunning, folly, !yi Wyav and credulous Crto good nature, which had . puzzled me in ' - tiie courthouse during tho judge's summing-up in the murder trial. When the judgo, sifting- the evidence, toukup a -point that made uguinst the prisoner tho boy's features sharpened and there was a-savage snap in his eyes. ' Then his mind soemed to loso itself, and lio would stare alternately at the prisoner and at me. Hero, in tho street, he had just thrust in my liund a slip of paper. - It was a green handbill,' an udvertiscnont ' of waxworks: "Pott's Royal Colleotion of Wuxworks Figures. Thoy are lifelike, und lil'o is all thoy want. — J. Pott." . I dropped tho paper, and. returned to the hotel. Nothing was talked of hut the verdict of " guilty iu the murder oase, and tho publio were as well pleased us thoy usually arc on aucli occasions tbat the jury bad disregarded the plea of insanity. It was under discussion lit dinner, and I, boing entirely persuaded that tho murderer wus a mnniuo— suffering from that quiet form of the diseuso which no British jury can bo brought to boliavo in- found myself ont of sympathy with the wholo table. " Tho faot is," said I, " an average jury, aud for that matter an average judge, are useless in cases of this kind. Thu man is as mad us Tom o' Bedlam." "And who- might ho he, sir f" asked a wedgofaced farmer opposite. Thoy talked blood in tho billiard-room us vivaciously us thoy had dono at tho dinner tabic ; so, towards uiuo o'clock I put on my overcoat und went iuto the fog. It wus an old sluggish town, with an uliboy church lately dubbed n cathedral ; .the main street steep, narrow, tortuous us iu the days of James I., and dark us . u sealed up gravoyuvd that Christmas Evo. Tho Sqturduv booths wore thick iu tho nmrkct-pluoo ; and in tlia neutral spaco iu the middle, medicine men, Jew tailors, aud fortuno tellers screeched against ono another liko rival birds in tho sumo hush. Behind all this, uiidcr tho fog-smitten halo of petroleum roeo tho .painted sido of Pott's Royal Waxworks. Pott's own testi monial blazed under a particular jet : "Tho.v are lifelike, and lifo is all thoy wunt.— J -Pott." . I remomborcd the boy of tho problematic face, und entered tho show. Tho fog and tho quivering glare, of potrolcum coinbined'lu produce the oddest effects amongst tho was figures. Lord Bcaconsficld soemed to havo grown to tho bulk of Prinoo. Bismarck, and Prince Big- marck to. havo borrowed .the noso of Lord Beaconsfioid. Tho Shdh had clupped on a London. fireman's helmet, hut it pussed for Persian iii tho fog. Tho Princess ' of Wales had lost an eye, or so it eeomod in tho fog. Mother b'hipton looked like General Booth attired as a hospital n'urso. Mrs. Maybriek appeared to bo administering tho meat- i' nice to a recumbent effigy of Napoleon 111, mistook tho Tiohborne Claimant for Sii William Hnrcourt. A comely and buxom murderess. lubolled "Kato Webster," bore a strung resemblanco to Cuthoriuo of Russia ; and there was little to chuoso between Lord Salisbury and Thomas Wainwright — but it was all the fault of tho fog. Tlio catalogue, an extraordinary compil ation sprinkled throughout with moral re flections and scraps of verso over tbo initiuls " J. P.," expressed tho dosiro of tho proprietor to "infuso ornamental knowledge amongst tlio public," to which end ho had devoted three-fourths of his spaco to tho murder department. The triul of the day had given a more poignant interest in this chamber, and " nobody could enough admire " tho assussins of both sexes. Tho discoloured weasol's face of Charles Peace was especially- popular. All ut onco I started in amaze. I had before ino a group of two murdtreri seated at a tublo. Thoy were Burko and his associate Hare, convicted iu 1829 of "-dccov- ing parsons to thoir dwelling und lliore murderiug them ; afterwards selling their bodies for dissection." Tho pair wcro horc represented in tho uot of planning u murder. Burko's hand was outstratolied in urguinout. Hiiro loaned across tho table with his heart between ids hands : und iu Iluro I beheld tho counterpart of tho tlut-fuced boy 1 Thoro was a significant animation in this figure which marked it out from all the rest. "They uro- iiiolike and iifo is all they want," said Pott of tho collection in gouoral. This figure, at all events, was lifelike, and tho more closely I observed it tbo mora con vinced I grew that lifo was uot wanting tc it 1 In a word, I folt ussured that I saw. in " Hare " tho hoy of tho enigmatical coun tenance. I looked for Pott, hut ho was shouting his catalogues where tho crowd wus densest. For n few moments my -attention was taker, by u group of " Greok brigands" iu porkpiu hats of bluo satin ; thou I turned again to ' Huro. But in that briof space a change had taken place at tlio tables. Tho flcsh-und- blood Hare hud vunislied, und it wus plainly a wax Hare thut now sat attentive to Burko. I was move tliun over mystified. At this moment Pott unuouucod above the .hum of tho crowd that ho would " invito his patrons to hear a little music," aud' the horrid blure of un organ with u cluster el pipes filled tho place. Tho person who turned tho whoel which sot on this din was crouched behind tho instrument. His fuue wus hidden, hut hie logs wore like the legs ul Hare. I stuck to tlio organ, and prosoutly overheard a curious mouologuo, which, de livered in a mumbling, rapid tone, seemed to issue from tho wooden euso. It ran like this "Dixon (this was tho naino of tho man who had been souieuced to death in the afternoon)— Dixon — Dick — Nick — Old Nick— Satan — boll — brimstone — brim — brimming water— pool— drop him in one— drop — long— drop— glillows— tfioy'U hang nio for ft— hung— clung — hell — six bells — ship — Old Mother Shiptou— witoh — stitcli — needle — thread— bed — sick' siok bed — parson — pray— Hallowed bo Thy numo— 'mtlvution — if sets 'eio all freo— and that's what I've got to do " Horo the monologuo censed as abruptly n ithudbogun, tlio speaker's head was thrmt nut cautiously from behind tho organ, and tin lioy who wus tho living picture of the was Hure.oonfroutod mo again. , Quito involuntarily A exclaimed : " Ha! What the doueo are you doing there? You ought to bo up at the tublo with Burko." Fur from being disoonesrted, the ,-hov grinned dolightcdly. ' "You're clever 1" hi said.' " It's tho first time1 1' bin rokouised. Bin a-listonin' to ran!" " Yes. -What is yiiur minie, and wlmt is that rigmarole you wore talking ?" "" Well, -I've- liamos an' -names,'' 'Said tin boy. '.'Ask Pott and he'll toll you I'm only Billy '; 'but yoii nn mo kiiows I'm Hare, eli"? Oh 1 jrou're a olover ghost, ybii uro." > ! ' .".Eh?!1 said I.- "Ghost?". " Yes. ' -Now, don't you go 'and 'purtonl . you're ono o' these rvux lot"— here rho boy jorkajl u-oontemptuous' finger totfttrda the ; . spectators. "If ycu was, you couldu't''Q le&rd; me talk. .Lord! I might talk to my- elf bythe fortni't round, and none o these .waxeys that pays tupponco to come an' look at us ghosts would ever hear me. Now you heard mo right off; that shows you're a ghost, don't HP Now I'm going to toll you lomethin' moro." All this whilo Billy never left oft turning Uioliundle of tho organ. "Goon, Billy," I raid. "Pott don't know a deal about us," con tinued tlio hoy. "Ho tells lies, too. Ask .hiin, an' he'll say he mado some on ushisself. That's huinorosity, ain't it? Most of 'em comes hero with a Frenohmon, Mons. Trewoy. Mons. is French for. Mister. The rpiest'n is w'y thoy comes here." " And why do they come, Billy?" "They comes here 'cos of me. Them ghosts over there " — - he pointed to tho " Royal " group and the group of « Oelobrities " — " I don't know muoh about. Tlieso here"— ho indioated tho murderers— "is my ghosts. They've bin in trouble through not goin straight when they was .waxoys Me un' Bnrko socm n lot of trouble. Burko got twisted, but thoy didn't twistme" (I should Bay that Burko was hanged, while Haro esoaped), "an' that's why I'm different . from tho rest of 'em. That's w'y they gets Mons. Trowey to fetoh 'em 'here. See that, lon't you?" "No, no," I said, " I don't think I do. . " Well, you're olover onough. You ought 10\. You ain't Pott." "Tho fact is I'm only half a ghost," I tnswered apologetically. " Thoro is that sort," said Billy confidently " Wo'vo got 'em here. Tiohbome, now, ho s on'y a haif-ghost. Seo Tich over there beyind Brndlaugh? See the marks on his face ? Well, Pott don't like Ticb, an' w'en .he's drunk ho knocks 'im about beastly. Knocked 'im down one night an marked 'im liko you see. That's how we knowed Tich was on'y a half-ghost. Yon couldn't mark as that way. Lord ! I've seen Charley Peace —ho's gettin' on in years, an' ain't so strong . on his pins as ho wss — I've seen ole Charley turn tail over tip w'en we come on a bit of jolty road a-travellin', un' Pott piok him up 'itliout a scrat ou him. Como to real ghosts xn' you can't hurt 'om. Where was I ?" " You were saying, Billy," I replied, " that it is 011 yonr account tho ghosts get tho Frenchmen to bring thorn hero." ".Jesso," said Billy imperturbably. "These ghosts of mine" — ho dropped liis voice a little—" is under a spell; Knows what a spell is, don't you? All these has bin twisted through goin' crooked. But thoy nevor twisted inc, so I can tnrn into a waxey ogoti any timo I chooses, like you see me now, anf that's why I'm the on'y ono can set' free of that there spell. It's Mother Sliipton tell me, an' what she says vou'vo got to do, else look out." " Billy," called the proprietor. "Yossir." "Turn off the mnsic n hit." " Ycssir," and the organ ceased. Thero was a rustle behind tho curtain, and Billy vanished. When I could roaoli tho murder chamber again, he had certainly re turned his placo nt tho table with Burke ; how he had disposed of tho dummy I knew 'let. I went in search of Mother Sliipton. My timid was troubled about Billy. Mother oiiipton stood to the front 011 a wooden pedestul of lior own, a skinuy little yellow : feature in brass spectacles, with a wisp of muslin over her shrivelled bosom, as conven tional 11 puppet as Pott or the unappurent frenchman had modelled. I drew no inspira tion from Mother Sbipton. Tho musio began again, and wlion I looked, tho wax Hare was toto-a-teto with Burke, and Biily was behind tho organ. Listening as before, I heard him branch upon another monologue : ' Dixuu — Diok — stick — club — try it 011 his head— bled— running out fast— pay out a line — dine — fine — option of a fine — beak — even days— oakum to pick — oak — ship — old Mother Shipton — hag— hog — wild boar — wild —crazy — Bill — got to kill somebody — some — drum— drum-head— soldier — rod coat — red >-hlood— an' thoro it is agon." ' Billy," I said. He thrust out his head. " You see," said he, "start where I will fan' I'm bound to start with Dixon to- night, cos Mons. Trewey'll fetch him hero a week after they'vo twisted him), I always get round to tho red, an' that means killiti'. All my ghosts has killed folks in their time. Me an' Burko done away with no end, an' that Burko he'd liko to ho doin' away With 'em now. See him up there with his 'cute old linger cocked ? He's on at me liko that all the timo I'm settin' with 'im. Well, 'cos of all theso idllin's they're fixed along of Pott in this show under that spell I told you of ; an' tbey can't he got off of that spell not till somebody's been killed out of hero— an' it's mo that's got to do it. Mother Sbipton says so." "Billy," I asked, "liow lung have you been a ghost?" " liver since I had ibo paius in my head," ho aiawcred promptly. " All ! Yon have pains in your head ; poor Billy. How did they come?" "Through me u-fulling off a caravan one night ; slip off sleeping, while we was a-travelling. Lord! I wouldn't a-missed get tin' that fall. Every blessed thing I knows come to me through that. Pott an' the chaps used to chaff me about beiu' like Hare, but I didn't nover know till I fell off of tho van that I was Hare's ghost." " And havo you nover seen a doctor about tho pains, Billy?" "Not much! A doctor might turn me back iuto a waxey." "So be might, Billy, to ho sure. Tell roe now, who is it that must be killed out of hero?" " Well, I ain't downright sure yet. Might ' bo Pott. Ho don't know much now ; he'd know a sight more if I made a ghost of him. But I reckon inos' likely it'll he myself. Don't hurl us ghosts, uot to sneak of. I' ve got Mons. Napoleon Mu josty s pistol, w'ioh Pott thinks it won't go off, but I knows." "Yes, Billy knows, eh? Look here, Billy, we must talk somo more about tbis. How long do you stay here ?" " Oh, wo moves off to-night. Be on the road agen abouts half after eleven, wo shall." I looked at my watuh ; it was a quarter to leu. Pott closed his show at ten. "Billy," I said, " for 11 shooting like that you want tip- top powder. None of your common stuff, Billy. I'm going to stop out and buy you a charge of tho best." 1' remembered hearing tlio head waiter say that the doctor from London— a mostdis- ' tinguished alienist — who had given evidence ' im Dixon's behalf that day, would stay the night at tlio hotel. I must prevail ou Dr. .1'— to see poor Billy. "You'vo got to be spry," said Billy. " It's goin' on ten." As I reached the court-house at the comer of the square, the report of a firearm in the direction from which I was hurrying ' filled roc with' dread. As by inslinot I glunced back towards the show. The whole market place was pressing thither. I made hut a dozen steps of it bsok. To the policeman who hud posted himsolf at the entrance I said : " I am a doctor." "Oh, then you'd heat go in quiok, sir," and he made way for ine. Pott and one of Ilia assistants were lifting Billy, strioken and bleeding, from his nook behind tho organ. They carried hiin to a recess at tho back of the murder-chumber, and J followed them there while the police wore clearing out the crowd. Ono glanco showed that Billy had obeyed, full fatally, the imaginary behest of Mother Shipton. . Ho had allot himself above the heart, u'nd in a few minutes be would be a true ghost. He was, howover, quite con scious, and as I stooped over him, he said, with a flush of preternatural sagacity : "I knowed yotir game. It warn't gun- . powder. You was off for that ' mad ' dootor, »n' 1 thinks, ' It's now or nover.' . But I Bay, ' it hurts mora'n what it ought, me bein a ghost. Wat's tlio lights goin' out for ? I've got 'em off of thut spell, though. I can hear 'cm a-rustlin' inside thefo. Stay a hit ail' . you'll see 'em all atep down. Kolcli hold o' iny hand. They're a-moving. Dixon— Dick — brick— mortar— lime— quicklime— fill it iu his oofiiu— fill — kill— an' I dona it." " Oh, Lord, Billy !" blubberod Pott, i "The best of boys, sir, hut a little soft. Fancied himself a waxwork with a wax head. Oh,' Lord ! A wax organ of thought. Oh, -. poor Billy! But I'll have him modelled. :I'U model him myself, I will, and he shall have his own place In the show." ...Upon this point, it may be added, Pott was as good as bis word, and Billy, a genuine .- wuxey now, is curried up and down these isles ja uuiobo all his .own in Pott's Royal "Waxworks, and underneath his name in tho catalogue Pott has written somo poetry. 