I OUR SUNBEAM BOOKSHELF. I "A CHRISTMAS CABOL," by Charles Dickens. Dickens is my favourite author for Christ mas time, and though I am fond of some of his other Christmas books, there are bits in "The Chimes" that are delightful. The description of the midnight wind in the Church, for instance, gives one a cold shiver on the hottest day, and Mrs. Chicken stalker and her shop, and the dance at the end of the story, one would not like to give up. I have a tender corner in my heart for "The Battle of Life," if only for Cle mancy Newcome's sake, though the rest of the characters are unreal and the whole story slight; and "The Cricket on the Hearth" is charming right through; but the "Carol" is best after al). It is, as you will see if you look at the title page, "A short Story for Christmas.''' The preface runs as follows: "I have endeavoured in this ghostly little book to raise the Ghost of an Idea, which shall not put my readers out of humour witli themselves, with each other, with the season, or with me. May it haunt their houses pleasantly, and no one wish to lay it. "Their faithful friend and servant, "C. D. December, 1843. More than fifty years ago, and far from being laid that ghost of an idea, growing more and more real, has haunted people ever since, or so I like to think. The carol is appropriately divided into five staves. Stave the first begins in a minor key, anything but cheerful. Scrooge's partner is dead, Scrooge himself never given much to good humour is in a worse one than usual because it is Christmas Eve. In his dingy office on a foggy afternoon the story opens. Scrooge's nephew comes to wish him a Merry Christmas, and asks him to dinner next day. Scrooge is by no means grateful. "Mevry Christmas! Out upon a. merry Christmas! What's Christmas time to you, fiut a time for paying bills without money; a time for finding yourself a year older, and not an hour richer; a time for balanc ing your books, and having every item in 'em through a round dozen of months pre sented dead against you? "If I could work my will," said Scrooge indignantly, "every idiot who goes about with 'Merry Christ ines' on his lips, should be boiled with his own pudding", and buried with a stake of holly through his heart." i This is discouraging, but Scrooge 8 nephew, nothing daunted, gives his opinion of Christmas: "L have always thought of Christuias-time when it has come round-apart from the venei-ation due to its sacred origin, if any thing belonging to it caji he apart from thafj -as a good time; a kind, forgiving, chari table, pleasant time; tlie onJy time I know of in the long calendar of the year when men and women seeiu. by one con sent to open their shut-up hearts freely, and to think of people below them as if they were really fellow-passen gers to the grave, and not another x-ace/of creatures hound on another journey. And therefore, uncle, though it has never put a scrap of gold or silver in my pocket., 1 hr- licvc that it] lias done me good, and will do me good; and I say, 'God bless it.' " Scrooge, not to be softened, ends by ans wering all his nephew's arguments, entrea ties, and "good wishes by i "Good afternoon." Asked later on. to contribute to a fund for givine food and fuel to tjhe poor that wintry weather, he refuses. There are workhouses, he says, and concludes by saying: "It's not my business. It's eiiough for a. man to understand his own business, and not to interfere with other people's. Mine occupies me constantly. Good afternoon, gentlemen." He grumbles atl his clerk for wanting to keep Christmas, and after dining at a tavern and spending his evening over hfs Bankbook he goes home i-o bed-that is where the ghostly part of the story begins. llis looms are in a dingy, gloomy old building, the rest of which is Jet out as oilices. .For the description of the wintry night and the dismal old house I must refer yoiMo the book. You must read for your self, too-, how the ghost of Mariey, Si-ronpe's late partner, comes clank', clank ing up ' the stairs, dragging a chain. Notice that chain, for it has some thing to do with the idea which runs through the whole hook. It is marie "of c-.ishboes, keys, padlocks, ledgers, deeds, and heavy purses wrought in steel." Asked why he walks the earth, the ghost says: - "It is required of every man tihat the spirit within him should walk abroad among his fellow-men, and travel far and wide; and if that spirit goes not forth in life, it is condemned" to do so after death. It is doomed to wander through the world and witness what it cannot share, but might have shared on earth and turned to happiness." When the ghost is going Scrooge sees other ghosts wearing chains like Marlev's. and mourning over want) and sorrow that they could not help. "The misery with them all w&s;, clearly, that they sought to interfere for good in human matters, and had lost the power for ever." Can you think of a worse punishment for selfishness and greed-to see all that one might have done, to watch sorrow and sickness and want, and not to be able to helii'{ It is a punishment that comes some times before we die. Are there not chances in most J«ves passed by heedlessly, only to be realized too late. "If only" and "It might have been." Few are happy enough, not to know something of their sting. But it is not a preaching book. Do >'t run off with that idea, please. Before it went, Marley's Ghost told Scrooge, much to his disgust, that he should be haunted by three spirits. In stave two the first spirit comes-the Ghost of Christ mas Past-a strange, shimmering, chang ing figure, ROW clearly seen, now dim and almost lost to sight, like a child, but wil-h muscular hands and arms, as if its hold was strong. It shows Scrooge himself as a lonely little boy left at school when all the other boys, have gone home for the Christmas holidays, reading "Robinson Crusoe" and the "Arabian Nights" in the bare, cold schoolroom. Again as an ap prentice (if you tlo not like Fezziwig's baTV 1 shall be disappointed m you). Again as a young man beginning to forget Si else in love of money, and last as his mean, cold, narrow self, lonely and friendless by choice. Each scene is a clear, briglit Christ mas ; picture. After the party in Fezzi wiggs warehouse, which Scrooge has watched with delight from the time when the jolly old man tells his apprentice to clear the warehouse till after the dances, the Cold Roast," and "Cold Boiled,'5 mince mes, &e.;, and the grand final of Sir liogerde Coverley, the guests have gone, he lmds the ghost watching liim. A small Matter." said the Ghost, "to make these silly folks so full of gratitude." Small?-' echoed Scrooge. The Spirit signed to him to listen to the two apprentices, who were pouring out their hearts in praise of Fezziwig, and when he had done so, said: "WhyI Is it not? He has spent but a tew pounds of your mortal money; three or four, perhaps. Is that so much that ha deserves this praise?" "It isn't that," said Scrooge, heated by the remark, and speaking unconsciously like his former, not his latter self. "It isn't that, Spirit. He lias the power to render us happy or unhappy; to make our ser vice light or burdensome; a pleasure or a toil, oay that his power lies in words or in looks; in tilings so slight ami insignifi cant that it is impossible to iid.-] and count em up; what then? The happiness he gives is quite as great as if it cost a for tune. Sterr/e,t .^le, Spirit's glance, and stopped. ^ hat- is the matter?" asked the Ghost. Aotlnng particular," said Scrooge. i (something, I think," the Ghost in sisted. "No," said Scrooge, "no: I should like to be able to say a word or two to my clerk just now. That's all." So you see he was beginning to learn his ifrsson. r*iOt that it ended then., for no sooner has the Ghost of Christmas Past done with him than the Ghost of Christ Mas Present takes him in hand, and siiows him all that is going on, takes him through the streets when the snow is being shovelled n\ f, e housetops (read the descriptions . carefully for they are veil worth it), and the shops all at their brightest with crowds oj buyers all in a hurry and the best of tempers, 1 never see a grocer's shop at Christmas time without thinking of that "The Grocers! oh, the Grocers! nearly closed, with perhaps two shutters down or" one; but through those gaps such glimpses! )V'S a'oue that the scale descending on the counter made a merry sound, or that the twine and roller parted company so briskly, or that the eannisters were rattled up and down like juggling tlicks, or even that the blended .scents of tea and coffee even so grateful to the nose, or even that the raisins were so plentiful and rare, the almonds so extremely white, the sticks of cinnamon so long and straight, the other spices so delicious, the candied fruits so caked and spotted with molten sugar as to make the coldest lookers- on fed faint and subsequently bilious. Nor was it that the figs were moist and pulpy, or that the J'rcneh plums blushed modest tartness from their highly decorated boxes, or that every, thing was good to eat, and in its Christum dress; but the customers were" all so hur ried, and so eager in the hopeful promise of t.ie (is}', that they tumbled up against each other at the door, crashing their wicker ' flaskets wildly, and left their purchases upon the counter, and came running back to fetch them, and committed hundreds of .i*i like mistakes in the best humour pos sible; while the grocer and his people .were so frank and fresh, that the polished hearts with which they fastened their aprons be hind might have been their own, worn out siue for general inspection, and for Christ mas daws to peck at if they chose." The Spirit takes Scrooge to the home of his clerk, liob Cratcln't, iind he sees Mrs. Crnfehit, and her daii^Jjler who is appren tired to a milliner, and all the little Crat e-hit s down to Tiny Tim, who told his lather coining home from Church, "That he. hoped the people saw him in (lie Church, because he was a ciipple, and it might be pleasant to remember upon Christmas Day ivlm made lame beggars walk and blind men sec.'' 1 nw not going to tell yon about the Oat-' '?hit s Chris!mas dinner-n small goose and a by no means large pudding, hut a few!, to them-it is too long to give whole and too uood to spoil by cutting it up in snippets. Tn a, lonely lighthouse, on a ship at sea, in a lonely cottage, in all s&rte; of places they hnd some recognition of Christmas-gentler thoughts and words, brighter faces, kinder actions fur llis earning. They arrive at .last at Scrooge s nephew's!-the verv party to which Scrooge iiad so roughly 'refused fin go. Shall we just take a peep at them 5 iuey had music lirst, then "After a while they played at forfeits; for it is good to be children sometimes, and never better than at Chrklmn.% when its m.ghty 1'Guilder was a child Himself, They had Biiudmau's Buff, and How, YVlien, and Where, and Scrooge played! though no one could hear him, and when a new game was begun begged to stay, "It was a game called Yes and I\To, when Scrooge s nephew had to think of something and the rest must find out what, lie only .'.nswering to their questions yes or no, as the case was. The brisk fire of questioning to which he ivas exposed elicited from him that lie was thinking of an animal-a live animal, rather a disagreabje animal, a savage animal, an anima) that grouped and ginr.tcd sometimes, and talked sometimes, and lived in Jjondon, and walked aboufr the streets/ and wasn't made a show of, and wasn t led by anybody, and didn't live in a menagerie, and was never killed in a mar' ket, and was not a horse, or an ass, or a cow, or a bull, or a tiger, or a dog, or a pig or a cat, or a bear. At every fresh que» tion that was put to him, this _ne"hew burst intp a fresh roar of la.ughter; and was so inexprcseibly tickled that he was obliged to get off the sofa, and stamp. At last the plump sister, falling into a similar-state, cried out "I have found it ouf]! I know what it is. Fred! I know what it is!" "What is it?" cried Fred. "It's.your uucle Scro-o-o-o-oge!" lint, dear ine! I must not make such long i quotations. I was tempted to dwell on that fame because it was a great favourite of Phai-les Dickens's, who was very clever at iiiossmg what others liad thought of and at Chinking of things difficult to guess. The third spirit.-the (.iliost of Christ was yet to ("-cine-had many sad things to show, it sliowed Scrooge himself dead, but unre el et ted. Tiny Tim- dead too, and leaving such a blank in the lives of the poor Crat L-iiits a short- stave and a sad one. Stave live is brighter-makes up for it all, in fiit-1', for Scrooge was alive after all, and (he future could lie changed by making the most of the present, and giving help and comfort wherever he could., and giving hap piness to all around, beginning, as \va* only "ight. with those near him-Hob Cralchit !!i>t of all. So the chain was broken, ahd% !hat most hopeless sorrow-the thought of ot. opportunities for doing good-avoided. Do not imagine that 1 have told you the -;o:y. Head it for yourself, and see if I have rot left out ail the best bit?. Make !'i iends with the Cratchits, follow the Spirit of Christmas present from place to place; :ird if, besides giving you a happy hour or so. the "carol" ssts you thinking how many people you can make happy, so much the better. f have just heard of one thing we could «lc.- and I. may as well ask you what you think of it at once. . In a letter now before me from Sister Mullaney, of the District Trained Nursing Society, she writes as follows: "We are always in want of plenty of old ]ii'i n (any clean, white rags will do-they mvd jifll necessarily be linen). Old maga zines. illustrated papers, books, &c.;, we are always glad oi' for lending to our patients. Sonielinus u patient who has had a long il'm-ss and has read all the books in the house or at his disposal, is very grateful for something fresh to read and interest him f'cr a lew hours." The linen 1 believe Uncle Harry would lake charge of-it is not in my department, but the books are. How would yon like to make our lioolc nulf a'reality, not for ourselves, but for cii.cr.s? Would it not be nice if we, who are all fco fond of books, could share our pleasures in them with those to whom they might mean so much-rest for a while from pain, frc;.;lo)ii from anxious thoughts, company in loneliness, something to shorten a little the long, long weary hours? .You remember that the District Trained Xinsing Society was one of the many chari ties for which Dr. Campbell worked heart and' soul. It is the one by which he will be most missed, so any help will be doubly welcome now. How sadly the loss of his constant kindness and thoughtfuliie.ss will be felt by both nurses and patients 1 cannot say: Would you not like this Christinas t'i do something for those for whom he thought, and planned, and worked? ) shall he happy to take charge of and bowaid any bonks sent to me; let me hear what you think about it. Maga ?..!!(!., illustrated papers, books, such as you wouid like to read if you were ill would all be welcome. We could not. do. better than start with Christinas numbers-what do you say? MAGPIE. 