'THE BUFFOONS OF THE FEATHER.' TO THE EDITOR 03? THE KALGOORLIE MINER Sir, — I notice ' F.A. ' had another fit in th s Miner of the 4th inst. He make3 no attempt to clear himself of the charge of direct prevarication. He wishes it to be inferred that ': Mak' hails from the land of Burns, He knows it as well as I that ' Mak ' is a Russian Finn of Deutcher extraction. What's the import of all 'F^A.'s' windy rhetoric? It is only dictionary ' blankyism,' the refuge of the speechless. Shake up a verb, an adjective, a few prepositions, with abra cadabra, trombone, correspondence, and commination, draw at random, and the product would be equally sensible. ' F.A.' mixes his rhetoric like the ' harmy ' captain, who said, 'Let us take our hammer and .gads in our hand and go and plough the deep till we bring the good ship of Salvation sailing gaily over the land.' 'F.A.' talks of his adversary as a' ghost, made of mud and invulnerable, yet he makes him ' pot-able ' with his gaseous arrows. Why, he couldn't prick the skin of a jellyfish with an arsenal full. Feather Head would be a more appropriate pen name for this brilliant rhetorician. Just a specimen of .'F.A.' and Co 's reasoning in the 'Son of Sheol.' ' It is stated that Currie and Co. or Sims and Co., were the prospectors of the Fitzroy cement, and this is as true as Jerry McAuley was the prospector of the Feather. Now I've (the Co ?) been about in the early days and know something of the facts, and I'm not as cocksure of any of these statements.' What's the meaning of this stuff ? What * little brain is necessary in some, instances, especially when backed up by gross ignorance and unblushing- impudence for some persons to become full-blown ' min ing experts.' Solomon advises to reply to a wiseacre, lest he becomes con ceited in his wisdom. So just a few words re Mr Henderson's last production. I consider it deserving of the ' Super lative.' It is oxide of rubbishite im pregnated with sulphide of nonsenite of the very first water. I took it around to the old German professor, who's sink ing near the Ballarat. He perused it a couple of times, and then quoted some lines of Goethe to the effect that ' Nonsense puzzles more than wit.' With regard to the word ' screed ' used in my last contribution, I have both heard and seen it applied to a badly written article. I am sorry I did not make it ' screech,' for after all I believe it would have been more appropriate.— I am, etc,, ZARAjS'SKI, Juxk. Kanowna, January 6. 