WILD EELIN : HER ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES, AND BITTER SORROWS. By WILLIAM BLACK. Author of 'A Daughter of Heth,' 'A Princess of Thule,' 'Madcap Violet,' 'In Far Lochaber,' 'White Heather,' 'Stand Fast, Craig-Roy ston,' 'Highland Cousins,' &c;, &c.; Published by special arrangement with tha Author. Ail rights reserved.] Chapter XXIX.— BnuxniLDE. 'Tupo' the morning to you, Fergus !' she called to him, above the din of the weir. ' Why don't you howk him out?' 'I canna stir him,' was the answer that came back from the fisherman, who was wading deep and throwing a beautiful line. ' It's because you don't fish properly!' she continued, jedring at him. 'Man alive, do you call that hahiner ! Why don't you haul a yard of slack under the reel and shake out tho line with the point of the rod and give the fly a chanco of working? Don't follow the fly round ! Dear, dear ! that I should have to come round to give you lessons.1' He turned to her. 'Ay, and what mischief will ye be after this morning J' he asked of her, with the familiarity ot au old crony. 'Oil, Fergus,' she 6aid in a burst of candor. ' I would cut off my head and lay it at your feet if you could only teach mo to throw a line like that.' 'There's not a leddy in the north of Scot land will throw a better line than yourself, Miss Eelin,' said he, with another of 'the long Spey casts whistling out. 'Uh— oh!' she cried. 'And you know what you told General Mallock about Lily Neile I' 'I did not! I did not!' he maintained stubbornly. 'I said she would keep longer at it, maybe. You'ro too impatient; and that's all the fault I've to find with ye.' ' Well, I wish you good luck !' she called to him, and then as she went on again she said to herself, 'And you might wish me good luck in return, Fergus, for I've much need of it.' Not that she was in any way dejected about the future ; she was quite tlie reverse of that. She had secured safety for herself — even physical safety, for had she not seen the 6ame Archio Gilohriat take up the leg of a cane bottomed chair and belabor a whole rabble of roughs into ignominous flight? Moreover, it wa3 a kind of alliance that left her so entirely untrammelled. Briinhildo, the warrior maiden, could not have been left more entirely her own mistress. And for the vest such sinister phrases as 'I generally get what I want, don't you kuow,' seemed to have less significance noi(P. Nay, could they not be altogether die missed and forgotten ? Indeed as she walked along this pathway between the beds of pink-grey shingle and the running river on the one hand and on the other the wide fields and the far shining uplands one might have guessed her to be 'fey.' Light headed she appeared to be as well as light hearted, for with an immeasurable pathos she was reciting to herself — ' I wish I were where Eelin lies ; Night aud day on me she erica ; Oh, that I were where Eolin lies On fair Kirlcconnell lee.' And then it was (the empty brain careering about anywhere)— ' Hard fate that I should banished be And rebel called with scorn, For serving of the kindest prince Xbat ever yet was bora. ' O ! my kin? — Gorl save my kinu ! Whatever ins befall ! I would not liu in llunlly's case For honors, lands, ana all.' And then again it was — while the oxen in the meadow were staring at her with their greafc riolb, eijnuiring eyes. ' But let thc-iii say or let them d.ie, It's a1 ane to me ; Tor lie's lo .v (loon, he's in tha brooia That's w.uLIng for me. Wa'.ting Icr inc. my lovo, He's wail-in; (or mo ; For he's low dooivlre's in llic broom' lhal'9 w.iiliiig for me.' Only when she drew near tito bouse sho had to put a curb on her rodomontade, for she per ceived that the blinds of her mother's bodroo:a -xvere Still lowered and what her scatter .J witB had now to concentrate themselves upon was tho question of arranging tlie most seductive breakfast she could frame for thu poor in valid ; hot and strong tea to begin with; then a fried egg, with the yolk thin and hard and yet not altogether hard, and just touched with cayenne, the whito of the egg crisp and brown and alluring with a sprinkling c-.{ grey pepper; tho garniture some sprays «ji watercress steeped in vinegar. Then thewi was a particular kind of phlox, the extreme!'* delicate sceut of which her mother was fow£ of, and she thought sho would go on into th(i garden to gather a few bunches ; so that whsfi she went into tho sick- room she would bd carrying with her a breath of tke sweet out side air. But she had not gone past tho laurel bushes when she suddenly drew up ; she heard voices and through tho leaves she could see that) Morag had brought out a row of boots and shoes to polish here in tha open, while old Maxwell, having delivered his consignment of * garden produce, was engaging her in conver sation. And Miss Eelin wondered whether the Mull lass would remember the instruc tions sho had received. 'Ay, and wha ur ye this mornin'?'1 Max well asked of her in his Lowland tongus. ' I am thinking I am myself,' the Highland Kirl replied. ' And who else would I be, I wonder?' ' It's little ye ken,' he answered, partly in scorn, partly in pity. 'Ye're a puir crayture aud ye cauna understand ; I've tellt ye- again and again, but tho doctrine of the trausmotion of souis is beyond ye ? ' 'Fery well, then,' said Morag sharply, ' and if you aro-the black murderer you say, why are you not giving yourself up and going to be hanged?' 'Woman, woman, ye canna comprehend— is it no possible for your intelleclc to compre hend ? David Bagpiart was executed at Edinburgh the 18th of July, 1821 ; ye wadna hae twa men hanged for the same crime, and I declare tae 3'ou there was no intent on my pairt to murder onybody. Indeed there wa3 not. I hart got the ba-r 'with a stauo in't ; 1'Jl no deny that, but I hit the jiler only wanolowt wi't, and then I rushed across tho yard and pulled the dub from my cloy and opened tho outside door. It was days effcer before I kent that the jiler was deed. I was iiidin' in some hay and I heard a woman asking a boy if tho lad that had broken oot o' Dumfries jile was catched yet, and he said 'No, but t!ie jilor deed last nicht at 10 o'clock.' Dod, that was a fearsome thing to hear ; that was a different business frae snibbiug alii from a couish cove's suck ? ' ' Yes, and what will all that ba?' enquired Morag, with a supercilious air. 'Ay, they dinna ken everything in Mull !' he retorted with a grim facatiousness. ' They're no very gleg at the uptak, ur they? It's a wise man, that can follow his uoso, but they havena learnt that yet in Toberinory, or they wouldna bo aye tummclin into the harbor. Oh, they're a fine set, the Tobermory chiels, keepin1 up the New Year till the 15th o' De cember, and beginniu' ag:iin on the 10th. I heard tell there was yiuce a sober man dis covered i' tho streets o' Tobermory ; but they didua ken what to do wi' him, so they sent him to a lunatic asylum ? ' Of a sudden Morag uttered three piercing shrieks, aud her arm waa outstretched and her eaze was fixed on eotw distant point beyond the washing green. 'Look ! look ! look !' she cried. 'It's the ghost of the Dumfries chiller ! It's the ghost of the murdered man.' Now, in ordinary cold blood o'd Maxwell would not have allowed himself to be deceived by the cantrips of -this Mull idiot; but her yells had startled him out of his senses; in voluntarily ho -wheeled round to see what the terrible thing was, and at the same moment Morag, using the only weapon she happened to have handy— which was the blacking brush — struck him fair and full between the shoulders and that with a force that sent him staggering forward on all fours. What hap pened next the Mull lass did not stay to ob soive. She had fulfilled her instructions; only she did not kuow that, as sho swiftly picked up the boots and shoes and fled for refuge to the housekeeper's room, there was some one else besides herself who was in fits of laughter — and that was a young lady con cealed behind somo laurel bushes. Tho great bunches of phlox — sosweet and cool in their delicate perfume— were most welcome to tho weary-eyed invalid ; she cared less for the suggestion about the fried egg and the hot tea ; she seemed to prefer the dumb twilight of the blinds being down, and the gracious quiet ; while her daughter's voice as she stole about the room, was as soft as velvet. So tbe day passed somehow, and then in the afternoon a visitor arrived whom Eolin went down to receive, with apologies for her mother's absence. The visitor was Lord Mountinahon aud he appeared to be laboring under some sense of injury. 'Oh, really, now, really, really,' said he, 'I never was sn badly treated iu all my life. Do you think I'd have gono to that twopenny half penny kick-up unless on the understanding you were to be there ? Why, everybody was saying you would be the queen of the ball t Yes, and there I was— there I was— waiting and watching — waiting and watching — but where were you? What made the assembly shine? Well, the assembly didn't Bhine— not much. And of course I must fall into the hands of the old cat LadyGrillesmero ; and I'll be hanged if sho hasn't got fifteen thousand nieces— well, to be strictly honest'.and accurate, I'll take off a thousand— and I'll be. dashed if she hasn't got fourteen thousand nieces— and all of them have sandy hair ana**all of them squint ; and may I never if I hadn't to dance with every man-jack of them ? ' 'Oh, I'm so sorry, Lord Mountmahon,' said Eelin somewhat inappropriately ; but she did not heed much what she said ; she was less afraid now of the potboy-looking young man. ?'Yes, you may very well think that,' he answered her, commiserating himself. 'All sandy-haired, all squint-eyed— twenty thousand of them I believe there were, and the old cab was inexorable. One down, t'other come on— not a minute's time for a cigarette and a whisky-and-soda, and me looking for you all the time. r Why, ? o£ course, the queen of the ball— thequeen of the ball, they said— and I will confess to you that I did hear my name coupled with yoursl Rather gratifying, don't you know— a happy omen. Yes, there was more than one little reference ? ' 'Oh, indeed,' said Eehn, with the big young eyes staring. Who had dared in so public a way to mention her name in conjunc tion with this microoephalous lout ? 'Ah, never mind,' said he, with great satisfaction. 'We'll make up for it to-night. Better late than never— no crying over BDilt milk— and that's my motto. And mind you save all the barndoors for mo, Miss Eelin. ' But I am not going to the ball to-night, Lord Mountmahon,' said she. 'What!' he exclaimed. 'Oh, but that's nonsense; vou certainly are; I can't be cheated twice running— everyone mentioning names— and forecasting a little event. Queen of the ball, that's what you ore going to be ; and we'll just show them what a barn door is like when we put a little swag into it. Why, bless my eoul, not going to-night ? ' ' My mother is not well ; I mean to stay at Lome ? ' 'Stuff and nonsense !' he said, with gay good-humor. 'Your staying at home won't make your mother any better. _ Why, what do you Buppose I'm in Invernish for? Do jvnu nunnncm T p.amA hfirfi to teetotumise round Lady Grillesmere's thirty thousand 'eandy-haired uieceB ? Why, I'm supposed to be entertaining a house party at Kinvaig ; and do you imagine I don't know what they'll be up to the moment my back is turned ? But I do know— yea I do. Off to the hill they go— and not one of thorn able to hit a haystack — and they blaze and blaze— my cartridges, mind— oil, yes they take precious good care of that— hundreds and hundreds ordered out from Watson, in Inglis- street— all to my account — and they blaze and blaze — and the keepers driven mad— and the dogs demoralised —and the ground spoilt — and at the end of the day an old grey hen or a'solitary curlew to show for the lot of 'em. Yes, and netting the pools — ah, but I know — I'm up to their tricks ' 'Then why do you invite people of that kind '-' Miss Eulin asked, naturally enough. 'They're such comical devils 1' he pro ?'? tested. 'They keep things going— firing ahead— getting a rise out of someone— plenty of gammon and spinach. For that's my motto : always on the do. You only live once ; bless my soul, what a the use of getting down below the daisies prematurely ?— you'll be there long enough. Keep on the do ; that's my motto.* Why, there's little Teddy Hicks— I must bring him here soino day — oh, yes, I will— just make you die of laughing— his description of a fellow proposing to a girl and finding his nose begin. to bleed— in a blue funk, of course— lost his handkerchief— I tell you, it's the funniest thinsr— i'vo seen a whole dinner table in fits. And talking of a proposal — no, no, ray dearest girl, don t you look frightened ! — I'm content to wait. It's quite true I never take no for an answer — what's the good— but I'm not an early Christian persecutor ; I would rather let the little idea simmer in your mind till you get to see how reasonablo it is. And if I haven't the gift of the gab there's ono thing I do know— you'd find yourself drilled well looked after. Ah, wouldn't you, though! Your mother tells me you've never been in Brighton. Good gracious, to think of such a thing ! Bless me, the very centre of life— the very centre of everything that's worth anything— the Kiu;r'8 road— fie Old Ship— a slap-up suite of rooms — suashine galore — the coaches coming and coiner— tootle-too ail the niornine— old pals waving you a hand — bless me — good gracious — why, that's life ! Keep tilings moving. No stagnation for this infant. Why, I'd rather bo dead and buried right off the reel than have to crawl and crawl to the grave. Miss Eelin, I can see you on tiie first floor of the Old Ship look ing out. Oh, I know the place ; trust me ; you trust me; if I can't order a ripping little lunch for the two of us then take me away and fling me into the nearest horsepond. And you're coining to that ball to-night. Yes, you are. Your mother's sure to be better by then. I'll be waiting for you — now mind. All the barndoors and we'll sit out the lancers— and the waltzes too if you like ; and wo'll make it a perpetual bun fight for old Mother Helms dale. And as for the fifteen thousand three hundred and forty-seven sandy-haired nieces of Lady Grillesmere, don't you see I've polished them off already— waiting for you, that's what it was — and now you've got to make it up to me, for fair play's a jewel— and you're not going to cheat me to-night again ? ' , At this moment the drawing-room door was opened and Miss Lily Neile was announced, whereupon— after some further insistence that Eeiin must not fail him at the ball — Mount- mahon took his departure. 'Oh, Eelin, is it true !' cried Lily Neile. 'Is what true?' Eelin made answer— and the proud lips were not the less proud. ' Why, what every ono is saying— about you and Lord Mountmahon !' ' I cannot help them saying what they choose to say,' responded Eelin of the eyes like a bluo sea-wave, ' but— but— at least I — I considered you were my friend. And you could think that of me?' ; At which there was a mutual breakiug down and much of hugging and kissing and protestation and tears, for this girl, high spirited as sho might be, perhaps was not quite bo confident about tho future as she pre tended to herself. j Chatter XXX.— Kujiop.s and Tidings. : Noiseless as a night-moth Eelin stole to her mother's room and carefully opened the door. But the moment she glanced inward ehe perceived that no further precaution was needed ; the blinds were drawn up ; nectarines and biscuits were on the small table ; the in valid,! propped . with pillows, was blandly reading a newspaper. ' 'Ah, this is better!' said the girl. 'This -s more like the thins ! And now, mummie, darling, do you really feel strong and well enough to bear the shock of a piece of news? For it's ralher tremendous. It'3 rather terrific ? ' } ' Eelin, what have you done now '?' said tho instantly frightened mother ; she never could tell what this mad wretch might have been after. y 'Oh, nothing much. Only this— Fm en gaged to be married.' . k 'Eelin— Eelin— not to that man !' ? 'It's to a man certainly.' i 'But— but— ' said the mother, who un awares had been startled into sincerity. 'Kate lias just been in— she said Lord Mountmahon , was in the drawing-room — only a minute or two ago| ? ' ! ' Mummie, is that what you were afraid of? Then you might have been honest ; before,' said Eelin— and it was ft gentle form of reprdKch. 'You've given me more jthan one sleeplees night. For of course I fhad to think— to imagine— what your wishes plight be, and also what others might expect §f me. Ho offered me a great position, no oubt, and lots of our people are very poor ; {es, I did think of it, though I've just een quarrelling with Lily Neile for daring to I think that I thought of it; yes I did [.think of it, and I'm a beast, and then after all I came to the conclusion that the scattered jfBlacdonalds of Kinvaig, however badly off they might be, would not wish me to sell rny Bslf body and soul for their benefit.' s The Bean-an-Tighearn's face grew very white. f ' 'If there's one of them thinks that then it's tho lowermost of the balls of perdition for him 6n her.'* ! ' ? and then you see, mummie,' con tinued MiS3 Eelin in quite a gay fashion, ' ' there came along a young man— suoh a nice, biddable, obedient young man— no attend rise- inents if objected to— intellectual companion ship and no further — and there was a moon light night— it was last night, in fact— and perhaps I was a little off my head— only I promised 1' 'But who is it, Eelin ?' the mother cried. ' Who else could it be than Mr. Gilchrist?' 'That young newspaper man? Eelin, this is too serious a subject foi joking.' 'I am not joking, mother.' 'But that young man?' the mother pro tested in rather a bewildered way. 'Why he has no name — no position — no means ? ' 'That is so,' replied Eelin contentedly. 'We shall have to be satisfied with low living and high thinking— especially the low living. But then, to have married a genius I Earls and marquises are common enough all over the country; but how many poets are there? There may be two in Scotland and three in England ; and that's the very outside ; and you have the great luck to marry ono of these instead of a common and ordinary person of rank or wealth ; and you march along with him side by side to fame and still wider fame ; and you will find him material for his work ; and you get to hear when his praises are tent back from Australia and Canada and America and India and South Africa, and wherever the English language is spoken, and you Buy to yourself, ' Well I have done my little share ? '' 'Eelin, are you laughing at me, or are you out of your senses .altogether?' tho mother demanded. 'Neither the ono no the other, mummie! Why, don't; you remember the pride tliat Tan nahill felt when he heard a country lass in a neighboring field sing his own son?, ' We'll meet beside the dusk}- glen, on yon burn-side f What are titles and honors and heaps of wealth compared with a sensation like that ? The titles aro empty things, stupid things, in herited by any small-brained gaby ; the masses of wealth are even more common and vulgar, you ought to bo ashamed of tham ; but to know that ages after you have gone this or that song of yours will be singing itself through the heart of your countrymen and country women, and to know tliaC whenever the poets of your native land are mentioned you will be reiuembered with acclaim .and gratitude and affection, that's something ; that's better than being a marquis or a millionaire. All of which, dearest mummie, is out of an essay on Tanna hill I am writing in conjunction with Archie Gilchrist.' 'But — but — it can't be true, Eelin!' the poor mother said again. And then sho added inconsequentiy, 'Why, what could your reasons be for doing such an impossible thing ?' 'My reasons,' answered the girl. 'Look at me, mumraio.' She herself went to tho long mirror beside the dressing-table and surveyed her not unattractive face and figure. 'I am beautiful, I am noble-minded, I am modest, and yet uoono ever asked me to marry him ; and so, when this young man did, out of m?re humility and thankfulness and sur prise I was bound to say yes. Thnt's one reason. And hero's another. Tho truth is, mumiiiie, I thought he might be a convenient harbor of refuge. You know I was not feel ing quite safe. I don't like it when a man tells you that he always gets what he wants, and when he has a prang of prizefighters at his command. Supposing I had been kid napped — what should this kid have done if she had been napped !' ' Stuff and nonEense ! We are living in a civilised country and the things you talk of only happen in, novels ? ' ' The things that happen in novels pretty often happen in real life ; and what would you have said if your darling child had been captured and carried away into a solitary glen and starved into submission ? Six burly prize fighters; what could I have done? Suppose they had carried me up to a place like Strone laitg in the Monalea hills — what could I havo done 1 ? ' 'Nonsense— nonsense — do you think there is no law in this country V the mother said im patiently. ' Well, mummie, if there is any law up at Stronelairg, you could hide it under a four leaved clover. Law ? There's nobody to en force the law ! If a policeman went up into that desert he would die of laughing at hi3 own helplessness ? ' Eelin,' said her mother, 'you are merely fencing. There is something behind. Tell mo honestly now if you think of marrying this Mr. Gilchrist — do you really care for him ? Tell me frankly now ; d-- you love this young man you talk of marrying ?' . At this, self-conscious color sprang into the girl's forehead and her manner altered consider ably. She came away from the mirror and sate herself ou the edge of the bed and took her mother's hand and stroked it. 'Well, you see, mummie,' she said, with averted eyes, \' there are some things it is rather difficult to talk about. I have a great respeot for him. I consider him a gentleman, by nature and disposition. And I have a great admiration for his writing ; it's finer than he himself knows ; there are qualities in it that will take him far ; there are large quali ties — a kind of broad, manly, comprehensive, out-of-doorness in his way of looking at things — a wido grasp you might say — a sort of straight fashion of regarding human nature. llis eyes are open and wide and honest ; he sees steadily'and whole ; the hot-housy parasitic kind of literature he simply ignores. And I think these qualities will carry him far; I think the public will recognise; I am convinced he has a great future before him ? ' 'But, Ee'in, do you care lor him?' the mother cried in great concern— and even dis tress. 'Oh, yes, certainly,' the girl made answer, though still with her eyes downcast. 'Cer- tainly. Oh, yes — in a way, you know. And the yoke is easy. It's all bo vague and dis tant ; nothing near and definite and appalling. And then he quite comprehends that I am rather a stand-offish kind of person. I apologised to him. I apologised to him again and again and said it was no doubt a defoct of temperament and he was eo kind and so considerate and so sympathetic— he seemed to understand so easily— and I was so grateful —and — and I apologised— it was this morning — out at the islands — I apologised to him — ana I couldn't do more than that.' But at this point she suddenly threw herself alongside her mother and in a moment their arms were round each other and there was a good deal of crying on both sides, but no very reasonable explanation of tlie whole state of affairs. The tit did not last long. Eelin was going into the town and she could pull herself together when she chose, and all she said when she left the room was this — ?' Mother, be assured ; I am making a mar riage of discretion.' Nevertheless, as she went away along the river-bank, she walked with less of her usual buoyant stride, and instead of the Jaco bite nonsense that usually filled her brain there may have been graver questions, perhaps even forebodings ; indeed so absent-minded was she that at the corner of the Suspension bridge sho was very nearly passing without re cognition her old friend Mr. Allan Maodonald. Of course that could not have been possible had Angus tho whibm water-bailiff at Kin vaig been with him ; but on this occasion he was accompanied by a young fellow whoso appearance did not happen to attract her attention. However, just as she had nearly gone by some glint of sun happened to fall on the tall old man with the yellowish-white beard, and at) once she turned and went across to him and told him who she was. ' Well, indeed, now, Miss Eelin, this is a chance !' said he, and he held her hand for more than a moment— while the young man retired a few paces to the parapet of the bridge and gazed over, perhaps on tho outlook for a passing salmon. ' For I was going out to pay you a visit ; I was making bold enough to think that you might be interested in the news I have. And perhaps I was not right in that ; but I have the news ; and I was wishing to Bee you whatever, and to bear a few words of your voice— because hearing is easier for me than seeing ? ' ' I hope it is good news, Mr. Macdonald, said she — and she did not withdraw her hand. 'Oh, yes, it is good newB, for me at least and no mistake about that ; for I am old and grown very selfish and I have been wishing to spend a few- of my remaining years in my native land. And what do you think my son has done— the rascal. You see, he could not very well tell me by letter, for there would be a third person getting to know ; and tho code we have cannot carry everything. But here is the young fellow who was my private secretary —and will be so again now, but I will get a good place somewhere for Angus the bailiff and do noi you fear about that, Miss Eelin ; and Someried, well Soraerled sends this young man over as a kind of forerunner and emissary, to explain everything that could not be trusted to either a letter or a telegram. And Somer ied— But perhaps I am detaining you, Miss Eelin— perhaps 'you would rather go on your way ? ' ' Oh, please tell me, Mr. Macdonald 1' said she. 'Well, Someried, you see, he has the ways of an emperor — he sends this courier before him to announce tbat he is coming over direotly, and' from what I can gather he means to make Scotland his home now ; yes, I think that ; he will stay here now ? ' Mr. Macdonald, what do you mean?' she said, and he might have felt the hand he held trembling a little. 'You told mo yourself that he said this country was no country for him ? ?? 'Ay, he may have said that,' the old man answered her ; ** but he has strange ideas, the lad has. Shrewd and firm in business ; and just daft outside. A strange fellow, Someried always has been ; but it was my fault ; telling him about the old places, and the old stories, and the name that he bears, and the loyalty that he owes to the House of Kinvaig. But — but an old man is apt to be talkative— Miss Eelin — and maybe you would rather bo going on ? ' 'Please tell me, Mr. Macdonald,' she pleaded, 'what is it he intends?' 'Well, then, as I gather, he has made arrangements to leave himself personally free from all the different enterprises — yos, and the Commission to enquire into the working of the Canadian Civil Service— they wanted him to take the chairmanship — but everything — every- thing he has got oft' his hand3, and Scotland is all his cry. Maybe it is done to please me. I would not wonder at that. It would be just like him, for he's a reckless fellow — the rascal! And now we are to take gome place where there will be trolling en a loch — a good big place — and a good long lease ? ' ' But he said this country was no country for him '.—why did he go away i' 'Oh, he had to go away, that I under stand,' the tall old man replied to her. 'And then I kept lingering on here— I think mostly to listen to a, word or two of your voice now and again, if you will permit me to say so, Miss Eelin. And then he has been making his schemes and arrangements, and maybe we shall find some place to settle in.' 'In the Highlands T ' Ay, yes, indeed ! Where else ? But not too far away from you, Miss Eelin, if I have any say in the matter, for I should be wish ing to hear a word of your speaking now and again, if you will be so kind to mo. And that is all my news, and I am sorry to havo detained vou.' Well, she said good-bye to him and went on, but she did not go into the town after all. When she crossed the Suspension-bridge she turned back and took her way to the islands. They were a solitary place at this time of the afternoon. (To be continued.) 