SPORTING. There will be a general meeting of mem bers of the Adelaide Hunt Club Una after noon at the ^Greishain Hotel. Tiie Presi dent, Hir E. T. .Smith, will preside. Under Uie rules of the Adclaido iluut Club » general meeting baa to be convened as moou ss practicable after the races for the pre sentation of a balance-sheet to date, and a financial statement, in former times it was customary to hold this meeting at the cloee.of tbe week following the Steeple chases, and it was made the occasion for banding over the stakes and exhibiting the cups a» engraved with the race for which they are the trophies, aod the name* ot ov.-ncr, rider, and horse. On these occa sions the President takes the ciiair, laid members have an opportunity of makiug suggestions for the next season. Mr. J. il. Aluridge wa», in the (lost, one of the first division with the houiidb, and this season, as so often before, has entertained the club. The meeting will, therefore, and appro priately, be held at the Greshain hotel, f he line for the Point-to-poiut Steeplevhai-c of next neason and tbe question ot adding more panels to the Huut Club ieucts will be discussed. The steeplechaser Stockings ran his -last race on Saturday. He fell heavily at the second of the treble in front of the Grand Stand at Victoria Park, and, breaking hie ami, had to be destroyed. He wan an aged gelding, by Hamlet's Ghost from Miss Twwt, and atuioug other races which lie wou wan the Steeplechase, of three mile*, at the A.R.C. Birthday Meeting last year. He also ran third in the Grand National Steepleduue won by The Trojan, and, second to Happy Jack in the same event last August. The amount invested in the totalizator at Tattersall s Meeting on Saturday was is),8t-«, a* compared with £6,189 10). put through at the same meeting hut year. Trapper, who won tbe S.A. TattersalT* October Cup on Saturday, will be seut to Melbourne this week in charge of Finlay to fulfil bis engagement in the L'aultield Oip. .'Several healthy totalizator dividends were again recorded at T&ttemU;'s Meet ing ou Saturday. Ishmael, who won* the double— the Trial Stakes and Spring Han dici|-— pai;? £'H tts. for a sovereign in the latter event, white the dividend ou Darkie in the Steeplechase was £11 Us., and oa Prairit Boy in the Hurdle Race £10 3s. BobadUV victory in the October Stakes at Flemington ou Saturday was a verv. de cisive one, and tbe Derby reads a bigger moral than ever for him. Notwithstanding that he cwnied'a 7-lb. penalty he won with ev.'ii greater ease than he did at Cnuilield. Gtorge Frederick agaia runnine second, to him. Unlew Cordite can 'divide them it looks very much, therefore, as though George Frederick will follow Bobadil home in the V.R.C. Blue Riband. The well-known hurdleracer Hirundo fell in the Hurdle Race at Flemiu|!toit on Saturday, and breaking ihu kg had to be destroyed. He was *by Brandon from Litlk Mar)'. 'the first two-year-old race of the season in Victoria was run on Saturday and won by lady Lillian, who claims the relationship oi full wistcr to Quinn's mare The Dream. Lady Lillian is by Malua from Xaga, by King of the Gipsies from Kbca, by King of the Ring troni Norna, by Conrad (J) from Thalia (imp.), by Brocket. She is engaged in the Debutant Stakes, iu witich she will have to carry a 10-lb. penalty, aud in the Maribyrnonn Plate. itevqted, who unexpectedly cropped ud on SaQurday in the V.R.C. Stand Handi cap, i*' engaged in the Caulfield Cup with 7 »t. 5 Ib. He is a live-year-old gdding by Splendor from Devotion, and bis starting price at Flemington was 16 to 1. Merioolas is expected to leave Sydney for Melbourne early this week. The Albany correspondent of the 'Age' telegraphed on Friday night as follows:— 'What might have proved a serious acci dent1, involving loo- of valuable racebor*:*, occurred at an early hour this morning at the Albury Railway Station. Duggan's and Earnaliaw s horses, which had been spoiled here last night, had been placed in tbe horse-box on the Victorian rails, and when tbe box, which vtm one of eight wheels, was bein? drawn out of the dock to he atbtclted to the train the vehicle was i-rowinc points. IE became derailed, and before the enziue was stopped ihe box. which weight-if 10 tons, *waa drawn for 30 yard*, the ui'.eeN tearim; up the pernianeni way and jcttim; the borne* about to an aJ.irminp extent, an.l just miiwing collision with the pi.ird * van of the train. Had the box been of ordinary size it must have overturned and rite h«rsr* maimed or killed. The occupant* oi the box were Amberite. Oavat. Kirrj-, PeJi~ sicr, Stand Off. Superb. ('aTmriw, Rnwdv. and Blair. Duggan *tate* thai it wa- a three-inch shave for the horse.*. Ambciite became very fractious, and Kirr-' giH his forcler* over the nyuijer. hut wa* extri cated from the position without Iveini: hurt. The otficial statement, op u- the r.iuw r.i the ai-cidcnt ;»? tli.it only the b-Jts on the conne* tion* ot the poin;~ broke. T5i«» iio:*« had t-o remain in lh«- boxes i---r s:x h'^nr* until the vehicle was repLved i_.n the ruls. Duqnn and Kam»h.iw a\\-i-li*.*l \nr a -peiHal tnun, hut had to wait until th-s i'tmh«a, when they went on by t!u- aft«rn-^-n tnai!. The derailed bo.x wa* «raine-l ??a-ity. anil the Victprian ln*f-ettor would no: allow it to proceed.' 