I twnER THE ELMS. Bv QUI VIVE. ■jtt length it seems as if we haa got to; ihe end of that Jong Dismal Jimmy lam j re liave been travelling through since 1890.' yur 'horrid past" Jias pegged out, and j jhanfe Jicaven the sound of the word "de pression" is now as rare in the land as the I of a curlew sandpiper. Nowhere more J than at fjemiiigtou is the promise., of j cheerier times stronger in evidence. jVhen the wheel of fortune does begin to jig the other way it soon makes up for lost time. The improvement ever since last Cop Day—end of our "seven lean years" js remarkable. The immense crowd, round faces, cheerful voices, swagger clothes, and, shove all, ring of the frequent sovereign or crinkle of the attractive bank-note j \- to it with the zeal of a wilder-j |2 In come: lot »» >'°1« mora «re on the way. r„der the elms this year we welcome j! Governors and a whole sheaf of aide ^S*$Ka **ta| erder to h&P; us m torses; So 'good of th Leneath our shady trees. A'^ and>par 1 sheep kinged sbeep A^m/jack Eand jackal, JSlmrnem^c&eeCtinker;, Sr, soldier, sailor, apothecary, plough-] L and the man who has a few shares «t half-market value, "kept specially for "m, aclU boy, in the biggest mining show ' 'cartl," As the Governor of North Carolina remarked to the Governor of South Carolina between drinks— One touch of pigskin makes the whole world kin." There is. as far as my memory serves me, hut one of the boys of the old brigade who floes not answer " Adeum " when his name is called. C. C. Murray died some time during April. For six months he had Jjeen wasting, anil hiB death was not un expected. He was a good sportsman, and, although not owning any himself, had the management of Spencer Gollan's horses. Jfost of us miss Charlie Murray, when we fettle down to take stock of our surround ings. Lord Brassey and Sir Gerard Smith come flown together. The Governor of West Australia is very tall, as straight as a flag staff, and wears all grey, with snow-white tpa(s as a beauty spot, liis aide, Captain Haig, would have run the winner of the Richmond " big-man competition," pretty close. The captain's game is polo, and he is fcpt to express himself in very choice Italian when things go wrong. Lord Lamington is likeLordCarrington, only with a little more energy. Admiral Pearson is one of the Dewey breed—a typical sailor of the ''wou't-stand-any-damned-nonsense" va riety. Even when dancing he keeps his man-of-war step, and wears a " clear-decks for-action " expression. Viscount Hamp den, we have often had with us. He plays a lone hand, going about amongst the crowd by himself, and is much interested in the doings of the Hing fracturers, male and female. Lord Richard Nevill has Captains Brand and Hidden with him when be visits the reserve, to pop a little hit on over the rails. Lord fiichard says, if "surprise- is the es sence of recreation," we get it in the Derby and Flying Stakes. Captain Pakenham is a new arrival, and a jolly little chap all round. Mr. J. Cecil, Lord Brassey's extra aide, had bad luck coming out, breaking his Wrist und leg during some stormy weather a streak of misfortune that deserves a lot of compensation. Our old friend, Captain Wallington, is over from Adelaide, looking remarkably fit. fie does not interest himself much now Pith "he that pawetb in the - valley." Cricket and the South Australian climate are doubles good enough for him. ■ Ihe Sydney contingent is a strong order this year. It includes H. C. Hangar, chaiiman of the A.J.C., Sir W. P. Mann the genial T. M. Slattery, M.L.C. (who looked to Plutus for a slice of wraith), John Toohey, Henry Moses, Richard traven, Captain Dicken, George Cruick Sank> P. H. Morton, Theo. Maras, Alderman Harris (Mayor of Syd ?/'.)' ^ sb'> Dr. Harris, P. B. Suttor, ajor Rennie, Carlisle Taylor (who' gave one of the swagger teas of the meeting on Oaks Day), Arthur Ealos, Alderman Waine, t *;alf°rd, Dr. Doyle (Newcastle), Colin Stephen, John Mayo, Dr. Clubbe, Dr. Angel i Bryan' Arthur I*vy, and Major - William Leonard, who has been doing ] lark a t°Ur' is back a8ain' K°y a» a tZ ' ? d more sure than ever that Vic 0fLVood enouSh Ior bim' He yams is 8 m raechanical invention^, and Brewll6 SUre.Ve live *0 see ft J. E.: MroLmT"8 VP etraight on a guest ;R ^ 0UrHe* Another welcome 'The Liam" T\ gh'aWh° about hut tk re aTe. dozen8 °* others ®nd onlv are aot m tke ca8t, ] do :t J Resent themselves, but they lit ThonuUj herald I Conundrum6" Wl I>"Ce'S newest i or words f ^GV8 a dopr not a door?" fowarded tr h' ^ ^ SnowbaU « ' takes tho n f, Vdh,erence Coco", and I "hd a smiip r°r gods ^th a sigh « a smile. Col n Rimcnn -l^ \- , —u a. smile. Colin Sirnson objects to the j man who threw the match down on the ter- > face and set fire to the lady's dress being inferred to as coming from the "back blocks." M.w • -* ■ - —B w»c ; oaf i "wens." More likely, he thinks, fcoin the 1 "Collins-street block," as nobuskmanj sroukl throw a match away till it is bfllsti cut. dames Purves has got a raft toof of the weighing-house, he can see more of *ne stewards on their shiver-the-wihd \Miat be did hot ford-Cocos case is pretty convincing. J. C. Williamson and Wallace Brovralow are in cloee confab, and a revival of "Ma Mie Rosette" is just on the cards, especially as Wallace is in grand voice. Arthur Tiickett ib just getting better of the tram accident that went very close to finishing him off. He can. just manage to hobble about with out hifl crutches. The little Gibson Brothers, -owners of the deceased Daimio, who departed this life at sea, stand to gether, and are so alike that it is difficult to tell t'other from which. W. J. T. Clarke enjoys his Cup for the last time, as he is- going to West - Australia to live. Of course he may have urgent business in Mel bourne next November. Captain Pelham iB at odds with existence, and would like the ppiniop of an expert as to whether life is worth living. j Although Lord Kilmorey has changed very much (outwardly) since he was here as Lord Newry with the Duke of Edin burgh, he still retains all his old vivacity,! and can bound with equal verve through a' first set or along Flemington lawn. One of the old - time mummers is miss ing. H. It. Harwood ■ plays 1 no more. As an all-round actor he was unrivalled, equally at home in the "Bound ing Bucks, of Williamstown" or as the ghost of Hamlet's father. One night he was play ing the dead king to Walter Montgomery's Hamlet, and had arrived at. the theatre with but a few minutes to get into his "sardine tin," as he used to call the armor worn by the majesty of buried Denmark. "Now then, Harwood," shouted the stage manager, "look alive." Although bustled to the utmost, his quick wit was ready with the reply, "Why that's just how I oughtn't to look, old man." What with his troubles over the attack on the V.H.C, made by the country racing delegates, and the " mutilation" of his letter to " The Argus," Byron Moore had his attention somewhat distracted during the week, but he did not forget to have the luncheon-room decorated with red and white, in honour of the departing chairman, on the last day of the meeting. No meet ing goes by at Flemington without some happy improvement being made for the public convenience. A good move was fixing the names of the horses above their stalls. This has now been followed by put ting up the placed horses in each race with the time on the big numbering board oppo site the stand. This does away with the bother late arrivals always experienced in trying to find out what had won. A. A. Samuel, who was in his best chaffing form throughout the meeting, discovered that W. H. Croker was omitted from the list of V.R.C. stewards, published in " The Aus tralasian," and would not be satisfied that this was a mistake until he had found out from Mr. Croker'himself that he is still a steward. Mr. Croker was not often j seen in the enclosure, and the racing j troubles bim not, but he was all there in attending to visitors, and is evidently as useful as he is ornamental at afternoon teas, &c.; Hurtle Fisher finds an old racing crony, in L. L. Smith, who rode Palmerston in a race H. F. won on Blondin. Hurtle Fisher, with W. Leonard and Captain Standish, was once a handicapper at Flem ington, and he and George Watson came to blows on the stewards' stand, owing to the M.F.H: feeling aggrieved at the heavy weight given Ball&rat; in a'steeplechase about thirty years ago; George Watson, E. T. Barnard, and C. B. Fisher are all absentees this year, although I am happy to say that the veteran handicapper and the owner of Fishhook are in good health. As for George Watson, he gets about, but does not care about risking the excite ment of bustling about in a Melbourne Cup crowd. It is the same with William Bailey. He looks and feels well, but he dreads the effects of excitement, and keeps to his house at Ballarat. His old friend Robert Orr, looking as well as ever he did in his life, is under the elms every day. He has put on flesh since the days when he was so bad to beat over Flemington, and may be a trifle whiter than he was then, but he is as keen on the sport as ever. I missed liiB friend Steve Hol gate this year, but he may have been pre sent. Although well over 10, James Wil son, the famous Yorkshireman, who stood uhrivalled as a trainer in Victoria for so long, wears well, and he still amuses himself with a few homes. He is proud of the fact that he'has rami «t Rlemitigton for 52 years wilhouMwer / entering & protest. His son, "Young Jim," was very\ un lucky at th»a ' meeting, as wl^en\ at last he worL a.raco" $5$gtWtfkills took it away from hliffiv Among those ^vho kfiow him no one is mage &$re*feted as « fine, manly fteflog than "Yearns Jim," and the way he took ETs bad luck over, Quiver in the Oaks was an example to some •o-eslled sportsmen, who do not know how io put up with bad luck. To me, the most poibeabic absentee was W. A. Long, who Beyer says anything that is not well worth listening to. He has been a long time waiting for another Grand Flaneur, but with the mares he has, another champion should come to him some day. In the meantime he can point to the fact that, although he did not race them, both Patron and Merman were reared in his paddocks. The brothers A. 6. and R. Chirnside must have been dissappointed with Cordite, but the Zolinski gelding -must have been off, and, like JJobadil, he will live to fight . another day. C, M. Lloyd, J. Turnbull, and j. Rowen, all patrons of Walter Hicken bothaiu's statue, had nothing to thank -fortune for this time, but as Waltor says, i!You mUBt take the bitters with the Meets," and uodbubt the stable luck will J&s;&Bge.; It is arare thing for Walter to ?o)4hrough ii spring campaign^without a fSeobie is ouoi^m^lihe uu little luck, bare won the Melbourne Cup, but- Pirate's win in the Steeplechase was some, consolation. •Johnny Hill, of Adelaide, wore Abe the same old smile 'all through the meeting. He must now be among the veterans, but he does not look it. Eleusinian's going wrong was a mis fortune, as I am sure Johnny thought hiB horse would run well in the Melbourne Cup. David James takes things philosophically. He has not been on the turf long, but knows enough of the game to recognise that with a Melbourne Cup and an Australian Cup to his credit already, he has hot done badly. C. H. T. Hart and Frank Ayers have hardly missed a Melbourne Cup for years past, while James Hay and Frank Downer, former masters of the hounds in Adelaide, have lately become regulars. P. F. Bonnin I have not seen under the elms before. He was a good man "between the flogs" some years back, and rode in all the early Hunt Club Cups in Adelaide. Now j he is an authority on solo whist. His brother-in-law, Alfred Simms, is almost as: keen on racing as his father, but I will not | flatter him by saying he is quite such a j good judge of what to back. Neither does I he bet as big as W.K. did. Of the wealthy; Adelaide brewer the story is told that he j laid the odds on His Lordship to an amount that would not have seemed small to Ernest' Brodribb, at the height of his plunging j career, and got all the money back before the day was over. A rare bettor was W. K. Simms, but he always wanted a good horse for his money. He would trust Car bine with hundreds, but when moderate horses were concerned he played light. A more cheery man I never met on a race course. Nothing could, upset him. C. G. j Varley is another son-in-law of W. K. j Simms who saw The Grafter win the Cup, and other Adelaideans out every day were Drs. Jay and Giles, Charles Warren, S. E. Beach, S. Gollan, Emil Benda, J. A. S. Miller, W. Griffiths, M. P. and W. F. Stock. Sir Richard Baker (the chairman of the S.A.J.C.) was over for the Derby, but had to be home to work on Tuesday. John Crozier was missing for the first time for many years, but perhaps he will have something good enough to bring over in the autumn. E. W. Ellis, of Lord Wilton fame, is still a spectator, and so is Tom Barnlield, who got within two lengths of crippling the ring with First Water in 1883. Tom arrived the possessor of ah even hundred Bobadil, which he unexpectedly lost, and things would not go rightjJitttjl the last day, when The Grafter_got his looses back for him. , F. F. Dakinvddes not Tike to favour ites as siKceskful as they were this meet ing. Tqe fera|M^<^pqy-tnrvy in some instances,\ the omi "Occasion onj which the kandic^phpr. was caught ^napping was with Cajspaw. Catspaw carried less weight on Saturday- "than he won with on Thursday, but then there was nothing in his record to make one suppose that he could stay a mile and three-quarters. It was the Gaillardia case over again. Sam Bloomfield, the owner of Catspaw, told me the day before the V.R.C. Handicap that he would win,, and I laughed at the idea of his horse get ting a mile and three-quarters. "You don't know how he has improved lately; he| should have won the Veteran Stakes," was the reply, and after the race on Satur day he met me wreathed in smiles, and wanted to know what I thought of Cats paw now. Some people say that a handi capper has no right to assume that a horse cannot stay, but the reply to that is that if no discretion is to be used in making a handicap where is the use of employing an expert to do the work? Reduced to simple figures any clerk at £150 a year could handicap. As Elusive ran well in the Melbourne Cup with 8st. 41b., she was pretty well in the Final Handicap at 21b. more, hut she was better in on Thurs day, and the stable started Auriferous instead, so they cannot have thought her Buch a good thing. George Vowles is quite sound on that leg of his again, and if anyone wants to have a chat .about Fishhook, The Barb, Tarragon, Volunteer, and other bygone celebrities they , cannot go to a man with a better memory for those days than George Vowles. W. E. Dakin rode in the Grand Military of 1862, and laid £2,500 to £100 against Blair Athol for the Derby of 1864 the got it back before the day), but he has not aged a day in *20 years, and is under the elms—or in the paddock— every day with Alec, M'Lcod, M. Byrne, and' other cronies. Talking of handicap pers reminds me that K. K. Maitland save that Vindictive suicided because he 'thought it better $p die than live under ! the present bandieappers. T. S. Clibborn ! has seen as many Melbourne Cups as most I people, and is as regular an attendant now ! as when he lived at Ballarat. John Buck I ley probably holds the record as far as regu j lar attendance is concerned. He saw Fly j ing Buck win the Champion Ruce in 1859, ' and has not missed a day at Flemington I since. M. J. M'Namara, It. Jones, and j W. R. Hall, of. the A.J.C. committee, are in attendance eveiy day, but the owner ol | Delaware was not. much in the enclosure. ! He spent most of his time with the stew • ards, which is a thing he does not ofteu do. John Daly, the A.J.C. hnndicapper, is another twin we do not see much of, lie sticks closely to his brother handieappers, aud spares ho time for chatting under the elms. Albert Miller, with nothing of any consequence running, was not as much in terested as usual. There is no doubt lie thought a lot when he heard Ijee Metford's race had been taken away from him, but he did not say much. Prominent Tas manian spprtsmen who were not with us tliis year wereO.S. &gnew; and R. G. Tal bot. I «w J. .^tlkiner, the one time of silvermine And Hopetoun, for jUBt long enough to disagree jrith him about the merds of some honse. John Hajdc and A. P. Miller, of Hobart, have had quite a long holiday, as they were in Sydney for the A. J.O. meeting. George Davis is over, iv Tf°ther charieB stiU in England. VV. Dodery, who rode against "Mr. Thomas in the old days, and is now chair man of committees in the Legislative Council; Alfred Lord, a son of John Lord, the breeder of Nimblefoot and The Quack; mm OA?f°n' ^oul, chairman of the mi n /V rrerLFJeXmore' judge of th« r m ;i , H* West wood, secretary T.R.C.; L. Tulloch, E. M. King, and W. Side bottom are other Tasmanians present, and when not out reporting on the insanitary condition of some country town Tom Grav was with them. William Sayer, who still winters in iJenuiqum, is looking wonderfully well. Al though he bets very little, he is an en thusiast, and I hope his 1,000-guinea colt, Lancaster, will turn out well. Robert Power and Herbert Power are there every day and the latter should .win a race some day, with that beautiful Bill of Portland colt of his. It is 21 years now since! bavanaka so nearly won Herbert Power the Melbourne Cup, and a grand stake. C. D. 0 Halloran, George Woodforde, and W. hJ Short, of the V.A.T.C., generally make for the stewards stand, at the end of the lawn, i but once or twice they found their claim jumped. R, G. Row is about, chatting ' ,BrouKk or J- C. Williamson, and ^ tlie 6ole representative of the Wilson family, his brother Norman being too busy to come down this year. J. V. Smith—the Victorian Jack Smith— dreamt that Eleusinian would not start for the Melbourne Cup, and that Wait-a-Bit j would win. It nearly came off, and was a J really creditable effort for an amateur. J, j O. Inglis and Ben Mogg go out together j each day, and of course J.O. is deeply inter ested in the success of Wait-a-Bit, a son 1 of his old favourite, Malua, who in his 'day tave made any horse we saw run at this meeting lie down. H. L. Mac kellar, of Kirkham, was down from Syd ^.ey'and another breeder I saw was C. S. M Phillamy, of the Warroo Stud. R. G. , Stevenson, Dr. Flanagan, and others of the Oaklands crowd are about together. The | brothers George and James Russell were present on Cup day, and they had a friendly go at each other in the Steeplechases, (George winning one day and James the next. Ihe red and white of Mifi-park was not seen in either steeplechase, which is re markable, but a more remarkable feature of the meeting was the total absence of Sam Cook's colours. It must be many years since a spring meeting passed off without the maroon and silver being seen ; in a few races. Harry Dawson was down ; for the first two days, and after the Derby , me that he had decided I Bobadil was no flyer when he Eaw Merloolas run him to a length in Sydney last autumn. Later in the week people could be met with at every turn who knew all along that Bobadil was no good, "but didn't like to say so before." Now is the time for them to get it off their chests. W. R. Wilson's operation has quite re stored his health, and although Bobadil's defeat must have worried him, he did not show any outward signs of disappointment, W.R. does not lay odds, consequently .£40 spent in two doubles was all he lost over the Derby, and he did not back Symmetry for the Oaks or Bobadil for the Flying Stakes. Archie Yuille found one winner in Catspaw on the third day but this would hardly be a good meeting for Archie, as be does not like backing hot favourites. D. Lazarus was down from Bendigo, and of course his sympathies were with Wait-a-Bit for the Cup. C. F. Fraser was trying to pick an occasional ' winner for Tasmanian friends, and I think he. found a few. Celerity in hoisting the number of the winner is a strong point in a judge, and R. J. M'Culloch was very smart in letting us know the winner of the Derby. D. S. Wallace, who can claim that there never were more popular colours than his, must, regret the poor showing of the Carbines at this meeting. It "is to be hoped the old champion will do - well in England. Pharez Phillips, of Wfirracknabeal, talks pedigree to Sam Cook, who is looking forward to some young ones of his own changing the stable luck. William Forrester, or "Black Bill," as he used to be called, has been racing more than 30 years, and must have lost thou sands at the game. For years past he has gone from one year'- end to another, look ing forward to the Melbourne Cup, and «<■>>" Via Vino ix-nn it twice, hut, he has not. landed the fabulous sums people credit him with, aud although he may be as clever as Captain Machell in planning a coup, the results have not been as satisfactory to him from a financial point of view as they have been to the "rale gineral of the turf," as an enthusiastic Irishman dubbed Captain Machell, after he had won the Liverpool for the third time. Phil Glenister, who has backed the St. Albans horses for the stable for 30 years, is viery disappointed! over Bobadil and Manfred, but with' six wius out of 21 races, his beloyed stable does pretty well after all. Book-' makers look forward to the Cup meeting as the chance of the year,. but this! | time the fates were against them (ex-1 ; cept in the Derby), and when Lee- Met- ] . ford was disqualified for the Spring fitn^ j ; the burly Maurice Quinlan, who is now the' biggest bettor on the mils, felt thg,t;.ltl^ere. ■ was. really no. balm in Gilead.J. I never | knew a decision more universally- cpa ! dennjed than this was, and Willie Thouip* 1 son was one of many backers of Goods who told ine he felt real' mean money. "Xlie Count," A* Mish Solomons were in their old places. After Catspaw's second win, a brother pen eilier rushed to "The Count," with, "That was jay nest to worst; how did you/,Set on?" "Oh, I lost," replied "The Count/' and as his pal retired* he remarke^, in an undertone, "I am a pretty good tiht; and so is he." Hemy Thorp, mine host of the Oxford, Sydney, takes things quietly, betting a. pound or two as fancy dictates, but returns homewards, pocket-whole, after seeing the Oaks. J. It. Smith, of Tucka Tucka, has at tained to the position of a distinguished breeder, and for his position he owes nothing to the "figure system," in which he has little or no faith. Naturally, Mr. Smith is delighted at the several successes of The Grafter, The Chief, and Plutus, all of which first saw the light of day in the Tucka Tucka - paddocks, but after the Melbourp^ Cyp heris-Been iio. more on the busy steh&\--fc'ome throat tro&ble; having laid Mm,'low, but his attendant, Sir ThomW PitzJerafdC ^>tebks favourably of his pnqjgrogs, and 6ays that he^Will make . a new iajifirjof torn in the;course of a few. days, whicby.pf course, ie'^good news. Charley Hyndman, "who saw The Barb win in 1866, and-remembers "Bill" For rester when he wore a . very long beard of jet black, probably goes back as far, if not further, than any sporting pressman now in harness. I thought Frank Wiikinson. must be older in Melbourne Cups than any of us, but his first was 1882, and I saw Chester win in 1877 myself. There are not many veterans on the sporting press now that "Augur," N. It. D. Bond, Dicker Hamilton, and Harry Mostyn are dead, and Rowley Pickering has retired to the country to spend his time on a farm. "Bob" Mostyn, a son of "Pegasus," dislikes Mel bourne most cordially, but he comes every year, and has no superior as a conscientious "grafter"; while T. P. Power, the genial Fenian who has stepped into Rowley Pickering's Elioes, takes a very cheerful view of everything. Nothing can ruffle his equanimity. "Early Bird" and "Um pire" have been doing the big race for Syd ney readers for some time now. Of course, Pat Jlonagban is over from Tasmania, but he is not connected with the press now. Pat thought either Manfred or Wait-a-Bifc would win the Melbourne Cup, and with the Ballarat torse he was very near it. "Tarquin", succeeded in sending a good many winners to Adelaide, but the fall in the "market" made him rather depressed at times. "Mentor," who has been on the press for many years, must have seen at least 20 Melbourne Cups, and I hope he will see as many more. West Australia is represented by Messrs. Hooley, Darlot, and Emanuel, of the W.A.T.C. I ask them if the Canning-park business is not being rather overdone in Perth, but they do not seem to think so. J. Wilkinson represents Kalgoorlie. A man I did not come across all through the meeting was Jamfes Eed fearn, who is always the same, whether his luck is in or out. It has been dead out this spring, and that after the stable prospects had looked particularly rosy , in the winter. Tom Payten was not in the humour for getting off any of his little jokes. Perhaps this was because he could not win a race for Colonel Campbell. Steve Armstrong was taken ill during the meet ing, and his friend C. Dempster, of Laun eeston, was an absentee. J. Heaton, of the Sydney Tattersall's Club, saw both meet ings. The two Deerys were down, but brother Jack, who was so popular with all classes of racing uien, is dead since last rear. Philip Russell has nothing racing, and E. Manifold's stable has been out of form since the winter, but both ha\e haxl a fair share of luck on the turf., J. B. Pearson keeps the black jacket and white sash of Kilmany before the public, but, un fortunately, be has yet to get a horse within stones of Commotion and Frying pan. With Mischief, Contrast, and Sea song he has won nice handicaps, and Tom Rawlings seems to possess the knack of knowing when they have a winning chance. W. T. Jones was not present, but he won £1,200 over The Grafter. Tom Hales, the only jockey iu Joe Thompson's experience who never lost a race after once having it won, and the best inan in a weiglit-for-age race Australia has ever knowpj- has quite givep up riding now, and-" so, apparently, has E. Power, who, in'the days when he lived with Mr. F F. Dikin. was a very fine horseman, and as goodi a- jud^e/qT.Ti&ce; -as ever! rode a gallop. - H-.^Cusdiiv who was kdled at Aspendaler/Vh-- J* Ml~ .Maedonald s opinion, the best ridCT keh^vep knew_ m this respect. " James Goughf-^ttnother fine horseman, seems toTiave dropped out of the running, and was not even present at the meeting. Sam Cracknelljcft his home in the country to see the tjup last year, but I did not see him last week. "Bobby Lewis, though only 22, is now, perhaps, the equal of any jockey in Victoria. Like Bertie Morrison and W. Redfearn, he is a well-mannered, nice boy, who takes care of himself, and is utterly devoid of that Rash ness wuich spoils so many jockeys, and gives the whole profession a bad name. Tot Murray has had a had time all round. He says, "they nick the handicaps in four" now. He had lost1 so mitch that he sighs when he thinks of those little properties at Toorak and Armadale. Abel YVtfob's cam paign against the "two MassinissUses" was fuliy justified, but the shekels he garnered over it wore few. Pale-faced Mick- Cohen was p!iigging eway,os usual, his motto be* i&g; .tnateveiy trouble has its market valuq, His partner Lyons is still.very fond of the totalisator, and defclates he cahdieiiappy when he sees it at Remington. " - - s \- Arid so with'.a-last look fast emptying bourse, strewn 'iaith tiewts that didn't collect, and empty bottles #i£h their necks sticking up perkily in the dying suh rave, We inove- along with the twd divi sions—'tho'se who,had lost their stu£,-' and; "those who scopped the pools," to the>"■"** : feeling very much like the marics^ 3>apj»,,iviw-^ire permitted atth^S jaaSdf Sts:,; 