BISHOP GOE AT WOODEN!). CONFIRMATION SERVICE AT ST. MARY’S. His Lordship Bishop ineld h lowers Goe paid a visit to Woodend on Thurs day last, and, at 3.30 o’clock in the afternoon, administered the rite of con firmation in St. Mary’s Church to 26 candidates, who had been prepared by the incumbent, the Rev. H. Finter. There was a large gathering of parishio ners, and others, to witness the interest ing ceremony, and the confirmees, on whom the incumbent had spent much time and labour, with a view to their receiving thorough religious instruction preparatory to making their vows on Thursday, comprised eight males and 18 females, all the former and most of the latter being juveniles. The service was commenced with the singing of the hymn “ My God Accept my Heart this Day,” and then, previous to the ‘‘laying on of hands,” the Bishop addressed the candidates. He said it was an important thing to make a choice, because one could net always tell what would become of it, and, after illustrating this, His Lordship remarked' upon the exceptional importance of the choice __._&■ -sirw-iiiUCUttU50fUl 't I reference to their eternal state of happi ness or misery. He observed that such occasions reminded him of the calling together by Joshua of the leaders of the tribes of Israel, after their deliverance into the Promised Land, to enter into a solemn covenant with God to serve and obey Him. They said “ The Lord our God will we serve and His voice will we obey.” This was just what the candi dates would be asked to say that day They would be asked to confirm a solemn covenant made by their sponsors at their baptism, and he thought it was a great privilege for them to haye the oppor tunity of doing that. They had had a deal of instruction with a view to it ; they had probably never had so much religious instruction given to them, in so short a time, during the whole of their lives as they had received within the past three months, since putting down their names as candidates for confirmation. He hoped they would remember that day’s promise ; and when the devil, the world and the flesh tempted them to go astray from God’s way he trusted they would jay “ But I promised and I must keep my word.” They had come not merely So confirm a promise made in their names it their baptism but to obtain from Al mighty God the power to keep their promise, which was the chief thing in Jonfirmation, It was a great mistake or anybody to say that confirmation was lot in the Bible, for the Acts of the Ipostles taught that the “ laying on of lands ” and the gift of the Holy Ghost vent together. Before concluding, the Bishop addressed a few words to the ongregation, asking them to join in ifting up their hearts to God in earnest irayer that the gift of the Holy Ghost sight be bestowed upon the confirmees. After the candidates had been con rmed the hymn beginning “ 0 Jesus I ave promised to serve Thee to the end” ra3 sung, and another address to the' snfirmees. was -given by the Bishop, in' hich he warned them against the wily imptations of the devil and urged them [ways to resist the adversary and he onld flee from them. He asked them > ever remember their vows, to . pray instantly, read their Bibles, attend lurch regularly, and never, if possible of voidance, to allow their presence to be issed from Holy Communion. In this innection he counselled them against ie too common occurrence of attending i the duties enumerated for a short time dy after confirmation and then neg sting them. The hymn “ Thine for ever God of ove,” and the Benediction, brought the rvice to a close. Most of the members of the church oir were present and took part in the rvice, Miss M. A. Evans officiating, usual, at the organ with customary Icienoy. In the evening a very successful social is held in the Sunday schoolroom, but i regret that pressure on our space events us from giving a full report of e enjoyable event. For some unaccountable reason the Govern :nt grant to the Woodend Mechanics’ slitute, just received, is only £9 Is 9d, as aiost between £15 and £16 last year, entliam has received £9 2s lOd. tl 