SCARAMOUCHI. Probably there are many people in San Francisco who remember the unveiling of the statue of Scaramouchi, the musician, at Golden Gate Park a number of years ago, on which occasion his most marvel lous production, " Immortal Love," was played by the Park band and heard by enraptured thousands. They will remem ber as well the subsequent abrupt re« moval of the statue from the Park, about which a great outcry wus made by the city papers for a day or two. There was a secret, mysteiious history linked with all this, which I will briefly reveal. Scaramouchi, the musician, was siuan of Renins, yet he died poor anil alono in San Francisco. He hud written much good' music, which brought him :i great deal of money. I had patronised him myself ; but his temper was bad, and ho rudely offended mo more than once. For some time before his death he was unfor tunate,-ho wrote nothing that paid. So he had become quite a hermit, and being absorbed in a sublime musical work had probably neglected to procure sufficient sustenance, (which he could easily have done at a soup-house I had established for the poor of the city). My learned old friend, Dr Philostratus, was of this opinion. Scaramouchi had revealed to me another side of his character. Ho was a student of mystical things. His re searches seemed to be directed to the prolongation of life, and to that mysterious achievement of adepts called cbe projection of the astral form, whereby the magician, while his physical body lies in a state of unconsciousness, can traverse vast distances with the velocity of thought, and appear in his usual sem blance to whomsoever he will. Ho was very reticent, and I never knew to whiit degree of proficiency he had attained; but after the singular events which I will relate, some strange ideas occurred to me in regard to him. TJnder Scaramouchi's dead hand there was found an unfinished piece of music, and it was brought to me. It was that wonderful production entitled. " Immor tal Love." Beneath the title I read: " To Iphigenia." I own a great deal of real estate in San Franoisco ; a cellar of fine old wine, a steam yacht, the Silver "Witch, and other trinkets; also mines, forests, and vineyards, in many places. But Miss Iphigenia Delacre inherited all of her father's vast wealth, and her millions more than equal mine. Iphigenia is beautiful, gracious, and sincere. On the other hand she is sometimes capricious and a little sentimental. She can at times display a superb indignation. Oc casionally she vexes me,-tries my patience; and above all, she wants to vote. Tot, one kind glance from her pure eyes atones for all that,-even the voting. "When Scaramouchi wrote "Immortal love," he reached far upward, or down ward, and grasped a handful of unearthly fire. Had I realised tho power of his genius I should have been troubled ; but I did not fear tho dead. I gave the manuscript to Iphigenia. She read the inscription, <ind sighed. "Poor fellow," she murmured, sor« rowfully. I thought she betrayed too much feel ing. She knew, then, that the fiddler, Scaramouchi, had adored h"r. "Well, he was only one of a thousand who wor shipped my star at a distance. At Iphigenia's request I gave the music to Atabal, the leader of the Park band, asking him to play it. Soon after, he came to me greatly excited. He declared the music to be most extra ordinary. His men were wild over it. It was full of singular difficulties, but strange and wonaorful beauties tempted them te immense exertions. I went to hear them practice, and I cannot describe the strange effect which those enchanting melodies, those intricate harmonies, those wild whirlwinds of passionate sound produced upon me. Then it broko off abruptly, leaving the listener with an intense longing to hear more, for, remember, it was never finished. It was more intoxicating than wine. It completely turned my head, as was shown the nest day whe-u I made arrangements with one of our most dis tinguished sculptors to nxecutf a life sized statue of Scaramouchi, to be placed in Golden Gate Park. An immense crowd was present at tho first rendering of the piece in the Park. Atabal and his magnificent band occupied the music stand. When Scaramouchi's marvellous composition was played, all other sounds died away before that un earthly music. The great throng seemed spellbound. They turned pale, and listened with enraptured gaze. I saw women weeping. When the abrupt end was reached, there were loud murmurs and entreaties for the band to finish the piece. Atabal addressed them. I do not know what he said. I was on horseback beside Iphigenia's carriage. As the wonderful music sang in ecstasy, and moaned in agony, sound ing the whole grand and terrible gamut from heaven to hell, she grew paler and paler, and soon fell back fainting. I was alarmed, and advised her frightened com panions to take her home. Before we reached her house she had revived enough to weep. Of course I called the next day. At that hour she was usually practising on a type writer, with the absurd idea that she would some day be reduced to uenury and obliged to toil for her living. But on that day I found bur at tho piano playing some of Scaramouchi's music. She was very gentle, and indifferent, and abstracted. Sometimes she forgot that I was there. Atabal quarrelled with his musicians because they did not perform impossi bilities in interpreting "Immortal Love." So the piece was not played again in public until after Scaramouchi's statue had arrived and had been placed in the Park. Everybody said it was a fine piece of sculpture; bnt my enthusiasm had cooled. The next Saturday the statue was un veiled and " Immortal Love" wnsplayed. Thero was an enormous crowd in the Park. I had tried to induce Iphigenia to remain at home, but had been met with such a look of indignation that I changed the subject, and soon after retired to solace myself with a bottle of Chateau La Hose. The second performance of " Im-> mortal Lovo " was even more impressive than the first. Scaramouchi on his pedestal seemed gazing with a melan choly smile upon the breathless throng of listners. Heavens! "What thrilling, exquisite music-what sublimity of sound! Such notes might well move trees and rocks, as did the notes of Orpheus. At that moment a very singular thing occurred. I happened to look at the statue, and immediately felt that, peculiar, chilly, and bristling sensation of tho scalp, as if every hair on my head had been electrified. I had always been a sceptic in regard to anything super natural, but, unless I was the victim of a strange optical illusion, Scaramouchi had turned his face towards Iphigenia's car riage ! The music ceased abruptly, and i the statue had again resumed its stony pose. As we rode home slowly. I wondered if any one else had seen tho ghostly stirring of the marble figure ; but I dared not ask. "When I reached my house I fortified myself with more La Eose. On reflection, I decided that it might be wise to consult Dr Philostratus, unci I did so. " My dear boy," said the doctor, who is surely approaching senility; " you own a fine yacht; I advise you to go fishing for your health. Shall I tell you what to use for bait ? " " Yes," I replied, with somesarprise. " The key of your wine cellar," said Dr Philostratus. I left the poor, foolish old man, and summoned Atabal to my house by tele phone. In an hour I had all the music of " Immortal Love "in my possession. J explained to Atabel that I wished to examine it: bnt to myself I swore that no musician should ever see it again. It was a fine moonlight evening. I mounted my horse and rode out to the Park. Near the entrance I passed a coupe in the shadow. The driver sat silent and motionless. I rode on, and presently tied my horse to a tree, and. walked toward the statue, which loomed white and cold in the moonlight. As I approached, I saw a figure kneel ing at the base of the pedestal; and (he mystical silence was pierced by a sob. In a iew moments the figure rose, and I was hardly surprised to recoguise"" Iphi genia. " O Scaramouchi," she moaned, gazing up at the statue, " why did you not reveal your sublime genius to mo before death toolc you from this world ? " Bho began to sing one of the sweetly mournful airs of " Immortal Love." There was something wiord about that music. Everything at that moment seemed unreal. My heart heat like a hammer with fright. Suddenly the statue seemed to waver in the moonbeams. I thought it was going to fall. The head moved-one hand was slightly lifted ! A cry of terror and warning burst from me. Iphigenia had not apparently perceived the movement of the statue ; but at the sound of my voico she uttered a scream of fright, ran swiftly across the broad drive, and vanished in the deep shadows. "Vf itli appalled courage I advanced upon Scaramouchi. His clocking smile chilled me. "Was it possible that his own magical music had power to inspire with life the marble likeness of the dead musician Or, had Scararaoucbi's astral form, still touched with earthly passion, taken up its abode in this stone image for lack of the body it had lost ? I had' intended to destroy the statue, but a dreadful thought paralysed me. "Would it not be murder ? Yet this dangerous rival must be re moved. Soon I heard heavy footsteps crushing the gravel. Several workmen, whom 1 had engaged to met me there, came up. Under my direction, Scara mouchi was taken down and carefully replaced in the case in which he had come. T shuddered as I saw that marble face looking up at me from the box. The cover was put on, and Scaramouchi began a long journey. His destination no man may know. It was dawn as I entered my apart" ments. A fire was blazing in the fire place. There was a decanter of wine on the buffet. I drank. I unlocked my safe and took out the music of " Im mortal Love." The crackle of the fire sounded like pistol-shots. I extended the music to the flames. " Damn you f Don't you do it! " said a horrible, terrible voice. I started up. The ghost of Scaramouchi stood before me with deadly anger in its ghastly face. I became insensible. "When I regained consciousness, the roll of music was gone, and I knew that it was not burned. That day I announced that the music had been stoleu ; but I said nothing abuut my ghostly visitant. Iphigenia was inconsolable at the loss, and offered a very large reward for its recovery. , My nerves were shaken, and in a few weeks I induced Ip'uigenia and some of her friends- to niafca a voyage to .Tapau with me in the Silver "Witcli. 13eiore wo returned, I had banished ghosts atid was extremely happy ; for on a beautiful evening in Japan, under the snowy blossoms of cherry trees, Iphigenia had set our wedding day. "FROM IKIIGEXIA'S DIARY. Midnight-It is my wedding night, and I am alone. Somewhere in this great house my husband lies in a heavy sleep. My consciotico accuses me ; but lie shall never fly from me to wino again. Our wedding was magnificent, arid all went happily until evening, when Atabal came with his band to serenade us. We stood at the window and saw the lovely gardens ablaze with torches and colored Juiitc-n.'S. Then the music r03e, and we slarted hack with painful emotion, for those wierd, magical strains breathing upon the still air were thu prelude to " Immortal Love ! " I must have acted strangely-shame fully, for when I regained my self-pos session, Arthur had loft me, and I soon learned that he was drinking with reck less companions. I sent a trusty friend to Atabal to make inquiries. The leader said that he had this very day fennrt the stolen music of " Immortal Love " lj'ing on his desk. He was joyful ntits recover}-, and thought that it would be a pleasant surprise to play it at the wedding sere nade. My friend collected (he music, and here it lies before me. I feel that its power is evil, yet it is an appeal to tho heart hardly to bo withstood. Jfo, no ! I never wish to hear those enchanting strains again. I shall break the spell and consign the dangerous giftof Scaramouchi to the flames. 'Tie done. " Immortal Love " has dis | solved into smoke and gray ashes. Kow my heart is light. I will find Arthur, and watch by his side; and when the pure light of morning comes I will waken him with a kias. 1 I think I am r.crvous. While tho manuscript was burning, I imagined that, a 3hadowy form stood there beyond the fable, and I thought I heard a low, shuddering groan.-From the papers of Arthur D. Cuiue. By Charles E. Briui blecom. 