HOBBLING;. MARY,1 .. ,, .COMPLETJE . STOUT. ; j BY i '< GRANT ALLEN, Author'of "Tents of Shorn," ' Wliat's Bred in tho.Bono," Dovil's Die," " An African Millionaire," &o.; , fcopyeiokt. . , fi UNT Mary ! '/ft AuntMiuy! /— U You coino L. a here, I want It was an imperious voice, and it culled out angrily. " Whut dat piok- ney calling me for?" Aunt Miuy mut tered, grumbling. "Him more trouble, dat ono gal, nor all do udder picknoy in do honse put tugcddcr. Him don't got white man s tompor; hini got black man iu liim heart. I coinin', Miss Rosa ; I cornin'. I wish I rid oh dat pioknoy. White poople is a blessed people, hub blessed temper ; dat dar pickney got black heart ; call all day long, ' Aunt Mary, Aunt Mary I' " And putting herself in motion, tlio old woman hobbled up with difficulty to the drawing-room. " Aunt Mnry," Rosa oriod, "Why don't you como faster wlion I call you ?. Here have I been for tlio lust, toil minutes waiting for you to como and bring a olotK to wipe this ink up with. And uow you've brought no elotli. Go down und gob ono at onco. You might bavo known I wanted one." ' " How I goin' to know you want oloth ?" Aunt Miuy oxelaimed, not unreasonably, but with cqiittl nngor; "How I know you 'pill do iuk? Dat pioknoy too muoh trouble, I say, for anybody. Not a pioknoy in all Jamaica gib so much work in a house us dat one. But I goin' to ho oven wit liiui ; I pink him yot ; mo fader don't be obeah man from Calabar for nuffln." Now obeali is tlio West African and West Indiun form of witchcraft, dreaded almost us inuch by tlio whites as by tlio blaok people. Aunt Miuy was universally regarded its a witch. She hud fully made up her mind to work any harm sho could on Rosa whmi opportunity offered ; and she bolioved in hor own power. Sho hud- not long to wait foraohnncoof using it. Two days inter, us sho wns. sitting in tho shado undor tlio big liibisous tree in tho back garden, Peter Farroll passed that way. " Hoy, missus," ho cried, looking over tho low wall,, ut tho wizoned old crone, "you lieoi-d do news ? Heord whnt eonio_ happen ? Issue Cling, him drown, out swimmhi' in do harbour. Him fader bringin' homo do body just now. It will bo wake to-niglit. You come along to Mistnh Cliug's and see do fun out." - . Aunt Mary rose slowly and hobbled to tlio wall. It was lior nature to liobble. "Hob bling Mary," indeed, tho nogrocs cullod her. Sure onough.. down tlio streot of, low. wliito wooden houses, wluoli led by a long deaiino to tlio sen, sho saw a wild procession of negro girls and women, surrounding four men, bare to. tho waist, who curried .botweou thorn, on a shutter, tlio naked dead body of a short bluek- boy, about 13 or 14. Tlio womon wore wail ing and heating thoir bosoms in thoir wild, iialf-suviigo fashion. Tho mon, on tlie con trary, walked oil, oreot and unconcerned, pay ing littlo lieed to tho repeated adjurations, addressed to the boy's soul by tho womon mourners, to coino buck itguin to his body. It wns a ghastly spectacle. Aunt Mary leaned over and watched tho corpso pass, with a curious light in hor bleared old oyos. Sho loved a corpse. " Do pioknoy will do," sho muttered to hersolf in true negro fashion, "Do pioknoy juiiihy urn do ting for to settlo Miss Rosa." A jumby is West Indian fora ghost or spirit. Corpses uro not kept' long in that tropical e.limatu. Tho wake was to bo . to-night, tho funeral to-morrow. Aunt Mary knew she had no timo to loso if sho wished to tuko advantage of tho opportunity offered lior. For, liko most of tlioso who praotisn mugio, slio firmly beliovcd iu tho power mid efficuoy of her own iniohnntincnts. "I got u look of Missy Rosa linir when I comb liim out to-night, sho muttered, with a significant glunon at Rosa's window. Then, mumbling and smiling to hersolf with her toothless mouth, she stumbled baok, well pleased, to lior scut under tho hibiscus. At sovonVelook that ovoning Rosa's pretty fair hcud was thrust once more out of her bedroom window. There was a' boll in tho room, to be sure, by pure forcp 1 of European uiiHtom ; but nobody over rung it. It Huuuded in tho kitcliou, whilo tho servants woro almost invariably to bo found gossiping over tlio wall iu tlio buck garden. " Aunt Mary, Aunt Mary !" tho young girl cried in lier imporious voico. " Aro you going to keep mo lioro waiting all night to havo iny hair dono ? It's almost dinner time. Make liaste ! Make liusto ! Of all tha lazy, idle, good-for-nothing nigger women I ever knew V " - ' ...; But A'uiit Miiry jumped up' with unwonted agility, nnd. answering briskly,. "I comin', lionoy, I comiu', "'hobbled up the stairs as fast us hor feeble old legs would carry her. A prettier buokra ladj:' of sovontooii Aunt Mury liud never sonn than Rosa Mackonocbio. Aa slie dressed her liair, tlio old woman gloated over Iter. " Him miiko a pretty corpse," sho thought to herself more than miue, gazing at Rosa's bright girlish fuco in tlio glass boforo her. "Him so young and fresh." Arid -oven when Rosa exolniincd im patiently, ns was hor wont, "Do bo curofiil, Auiit Miuy ; yon'ro pulling my linir out," tho old woman smiled on to herself benignly. "Him soon got obor dat," slio muttered to liorself. " Him loso all dom ways wlion do pinkney jumby trouhlo lior." By-uu'd-by sliu oiiino to a harder tnnglo than all. Tho comb, stuck for. a moinont. Quick us lightning Aunt' Mnry hiid snapped up tlio scissors tluit lily by lier side, end snippod oif tlio 'end of tho' offending look with them. Robii turned round suspiciously; " You'vo cut my hair,"1 sno cried in an angryvoico. ' " Wliut have you dono with tho pieces?" With a doxtorit.y acquired by yours of, iruutice, tho nogro woman searoted half tho ook of golden hair in tho folds of hor, bau- diinna, und handod tlio other half, with tho most innocant air. in tho world, to Rosa. . "Dora it nm, missy," sho answered.. "You'vo givoti mo ull ?" tho girl asked onco inoro in n doubtful whispor. " Yes, missy, I gib you nil,", tho negroes aiisivorod glibly. " Sco hero," and slio hold out both hands, palm open downwards, liko tho conjuror wlio assures you that there's no decoptiou. Hor arms wore buro ; she had 110 slcovo to bldo it in. Itosa took tho look oarofully In hor hand with aurious precision, and rolled it np hi a' small picco of paper. Then shn burnt it all to aslioa in the flame of tho candle, and crumpling it hi lior hand, flung the frizzled remains out of the open ' window. It ia dangerous to lot a witoli or wizard get a look of your lmir or a paring of your nails, for if thoy onco possess thomsolves, of any thing tluit has formed a part of your body, thoy oan do dire witchcraft with it ufterwards, us thoy will, upon the roniaindor. About ton o'alock that , night, . in hor host old dress, Aunt Mury hobblod off to the wake over Isaac. All frlouds mid neighbours in Port Antonio woro gathered, togothor in tlio single small room of the stuffy littlo cot tage. Tlio body lay ill its coffin in tho midst. Men talked and smoked, women wailed aud keened, uud rum flowed like water. It was u most gritesomo carouse, a molan- oholy rojoioiug— tho chief publio amusement of tlio Jainuieim negro. Thoy lovo tho ex citement. When Aunt Miuy hobbled in, half a moiiioiit'N silcnuo Buporvoncd to receivo her. As tho daughter and representative of a genuine acknowledged West African oheuh man, of true Funti origin, slio had a plaea of importance iu ail such fuuoral ceremonies. Sho moved ovor to tlio coffin and admired tlio corpso with professional ardour. "Him beautifully laid out," she said, gazing at it. "Him jumby don't goinV. to gib no troublo." Thou sho leaned ovor tlio Bhroud, and, unseen by the rest, thrust thj look of Rosu'i: hair between the dead boy's fingers. As she 'did; so;. she' whispered ih'.thq'corpso's ear in a ghost-llkb voiee the oho word-i- ' " Remember !" Tho fun at Cling's that night was fust and furious. Not till tho sun rose did thoy nail tho coffin down.' Meanwhile tho rum went round, and tlio ' womon keened mare mourn fully than over. There was singing and danoing. Aunt Mary sat mumbling at tho dead hoy's head ; and as tho lid was placed abova hie faoo sho murmured oneo more, this timo iu hcr father's nativo Fanti, the same ono ominous word, "Romembor !" Two duy8 later Martha Hone, tho negro washerwoman, brought homo RoxuMnokono- cliio's two white luwn dresses, most neatly crimped und ironed. -> "You hearin' what dom sayin', missy," sho asked, " all obor Port Antonio ?" "No; whnt news?" llosa inquired, wondering in hor heart whotlicr peoplo could already havo noticed whut marked attontion Captain Galloway was showing her. Murtha hesitated a second. It was a delicate matter. " Woll, it's better to tell you, missy," she went on slowly. "Dem anyin' dat when Mnurioo Kinloy sorow down Isnno Cling's coffin do uddor night at him fader's, him sea a look ob huukra hair in de nigger pickney 'a fingers." "Wlint sort of bairf" Rosa criod, clapping lier hand instinctively to tho part of her own hoad, where she liud felt tlie cold touch of Aunt Mary's scissors. "Dem sayin it yulior, liko Missy Rosa's own," Martha answered, staring navdat hor. Rosa's faco was white as doutli. Sho know what it mount. The obotth woman liad despatched tho black boy'a ghost to wander over tho world, with a magio command that ho should troublo tlio soul of the mun or woman whose lock of hair had been pluced in his hands to give himiower ovor them.. That sumo ovoning Captain Galloway pro posed to hor. She wont" to bod flushed with a young girl's triumph. ' Ho wus so hand some. For tho first half-hour she thought of nothing but Soymnur Galloway — tlio best- born young Englishman at thnt momont in the island. Then, suddenly, through tlie open window, out of the moonlit night, one of tho great blnok fruit-bats of the country wheolod flapping into the room. A turker- buzzard vulture screamed onco from tlie . housetop. Familiar episodes, these, of tremual oxistonce, hut on this . partioulur night tlioy disturbed lior reverie. She looked and wondered. What meant these portents ? Tho fruit-bat settled down on tho wurdrobo opposite; by the dim moonlight, whioh penetrated the room, sho could seo his great blaok eyes fixed firmly upun her. In a moment a weird fooling crept ovor her bodily. She trembled and shivered, anil liid hcrheud under tho bedclothes. Could this ho the visible form of Isaac Gling'a jumby. , The thought wus appalling. For un Hour she lay there in utispeaknblo torment. Then, unable to contain her terror any longer, sho raised hor head once more with nn effort from the licdolothcs. Hor notion disturbed the fruit-bat from his peroh, whore lie hung, head downwurd, with his faoo turned outward, and backwards towards her. . Ho 'dislodged him self and flew towards the bed. Rosa hid bonoath the. nlptlies . again, hat folt him alight on her breast, only soparatcd from hersolf, in thnt warm climate, by the aheet und her nightdress. Sho sobbed in terror. Slio sobbed honiolf to sleep. IVhen sho woke, nt three o'clock, tho fruit-but wns gone, but tho viilturo flow about in long carves past tho window. From that 'ovoning forth, ovory; night of tho year, Rosa Miickonochie saw, or fauoicd she saw, in ono form or another, Isanti Cling's jumby. It pursued hor every whoro. Some times it was visibly present us bird or beast, or lizard oil tho wall; somotimos— and tluit wns worse— alio did not behold it, but folt its presence. Silently, inuudibly, it stood by tlio bedsido mid grinned and jabbered at lier. It nover loft hor. Seymour Galloway noticed bIio grew pule and preocoupied. " Tho prospect of a long engagement," he thought. Tho negrdes know better. They whispored among them selves, " Do pickney jmnby troublo'her." . Eight, mon lbs later tlio Colonial Asylum at Half- Way Tree received a now inmate — a beautiful girl of IS with golden hair and hiirussed Jbluo oyes, who Jooked.„porpotnaUy arouiid her as though something or somobody woro dogging her footsteps. "That's ho!" she would any. "That's hn! Oh, help 1110!" And Aunt Mury, lolling in tlio sliado' of the hibiscus, muttered to herself with a gratified smile, . . . ; "Dat nigger pioknoy good liny." Him do what I tell him. I tink nt first him goin' to kill de missy, but do missy too strong for him ; dem got good ennstitooshuu for truo, dom Muckonoohio. However, hini do, what all so good: him drlvo him to 'sylum. Clobber chile, dut piqkney ; him. know what I want: it all de sumo to mo whoddor liim inud.or him dead, so long ns I get do missy out ob do .house, ,wid him troublin', troublin' !" "Insanity due to superstitious fright," tlio asylum doctor called it. But the nogroes gave, a simpler dingnosis— " Do jumby troublin' him." Misfortuno pursues tho tobacco industry in Viotoria most rolenllossly. The crop in the Upper King aud Fiftcen-milo Creek . district is afuilurc, owing to a discsso whioh iittuokcd the young plants, and to some bud wcuthor that followed. . . 