" HAMLET" AT HER MAJESTY'S. Tako him for all in all, I shall not look upon his like again. At all events, I never looked upon his like before. Mr. Wilson Barrett pronounces many simplo English words in strango ways, hereafter to ho mentioned. One, however, ho giv-03 us Iu tho common form. Ho talks of "an antic disposition." Alter this to an "antiquo" disposition— a cbango from usago not so violent as some of Mr. Barrett's— and we have, poflslbly, a bettor idea of his Hamlet. I am talking of Mr. Crummies, and of tragedians of a class 'now ex tinct. What a play it is! Imagine, if you can, what it would bo to witness "Hamlet" for the first time, with no ltnowledgo of tho story. What a plot! What tension! What expectation! Always something to come; a crisis at any moment From the fcoint of view of drama, Shakespeare never wrote anything so immense. Even as tragedy ho never reached tho samo plane in anything except Macboth— which, in tho opening of the situation, tho brooding necessity, Hamlet so much re sembles. Outside supernatural forces at work; and man tho instrument of them. The witches In one, and tho ghost in tho other. Pure tragedy; and the line sharply drawn between tragedy and melodrama. For this is tho distinction between the two— In melodrama man compels circumstan ces, whilst in tragedy circumstances compol man. Your hero of melodrama always conquers fate; in tragedy fate always conquers your hero. Hero 'u tho traditional senso, of course— tho principal porson— for there is nothing very heroic about Hamlet. lie is a weak creature at best, otherwise than intellectually— worse, Indeed, than weak. Ho will not act for his dead father. Ho acts, at last, for himself. But enough of preface. Not "Hamlet as a play, but Mr. Wilson Barrett as Hamlet, is what interests us Cor the moment. And, at once, it must bo admitted that Mr. Barrett's Hamlet Is qulto original — so original that if Shakespeare had enjoyed tho advantage of seeing Mr. Barrett in tho character, ho might have thought it wise to revise tho play in certain directions. I don t know who is at fault. It may bo Shakespoare, or It may bo Mr. Barrett; but If this Interpreta tion bo right, it is difficult to cscapo from the conclusion that the fault lies with Shakespeare, since he has left the character open to it. For how can wo reconcile this robust and often ap- rupt gentleman with the vacillating prince? Una we Imagine that this determined person, who, brought in by an armed guard, heroically strikes an attitude and stamps his foot upon the floor iu true "heavy tragedian" stylo, would have de parted from his purpose when once he had arriv ed at it? Is ho not the very man who, once con vinced by the play, would havo stopped tho career of Claudius and of tho drama in the third act? This, it appears to me, is tho great and primary defect of Mr. Barrett's conception, un less. perchance, I err, with Shakespeare. To proceed in order of hnmblo objection, we come to one which might have been put flrst, if we are to begin with tho man and to proceed to the character next. But order here matters littlo. Tho objection is this— a personal experi ence always, of course. Never man spoke as this man speaks'; except tho Methodist preacher who adopts a certain traditional form of delivery. There is no nature in it. Never man walked as this man walks. There is no nature in that, either. Study Is good, when it is devoted — wo need not be reminded of tho old proverb— to tho concealment of itself. But the studied word (not of tho dictionary), and the studied walk, paced by measure and timed by metronome, sug gest to us the wisdom of tho course adopted by Mr. Barrett in omitting tho directions to tho players altogether. It is hard to explain that emission upon any other grounds. Look at the giavedigger's scene. We aro so used to the play that it Is difficult to keep in mind tho magnifi cence of tho imagination which conceived the Idea of Hamlet unconsciously standing beside the open gravo of Ophelia. It may be equally hard for an actor to forget that the audienco look to him for a fine piece of work in that situation. But .whilst wo (tho public) forget too much, Mr. Barrett remembers too much. And what do wo get? Allusion has been mado to certain strange pronunciations given to us by Mr. Barrett, and in this sceno Mr. Barrett remembers traditional expectation and tho audienco only. Tho ono thing ho forgets is Horatio. And what must liavo been the position of Horatio? Hamlet — the real Hamlet, if thero ever was one — talked Danish, no doubt; and perhaps the Danish lan- miaire knows a natois analogous to tho natois English sometimes used by Mr. Barrett. It is not Irish, I think; I know it Is neither Highland nor Lowland Scotch; but I can say no more with any certainty. Now, suppose that you, sir, or madam, went to a cemetery In company with a living friend; that you came to the grave of one whom your friend had known In life; and that thereupon your friend sud denly began to address you thus: — "All-a-a-a-G-s! poo-oo-oo-oo-r-r-rr," etc. (ws will admit the phonetic spelling of Yorlclc under this system) — would you believe him to be sane or not? Horatio had to listen to many lines of this. I think, therefore, that our Hamlet here forgot Horatio, not because ho was a dreamer, which Mr. Barrett in his interpretation will not allow him to bo, hut because he forgot every thing but his audienco. This Is not a solitary instance of tho hero's lapses in this direction. Tlio (surely unconscious) soliloquy is given to us ns — "To be, o-r-r-r-r-r-r not to bo." With the. death of Polonius wo got — "Thou . . . fool, fa-a-a-r-r-r-well !" Also wo have "con rshonse" for "conscience," the word, like many others of Mr. Barrett's, appearing to have a colon In tho middlo of It; sinco neither a comma nor a semi colon is adequate to express the pause. Of course it may be that this does not matter. It may bo urged that as Salvlni gave a great Hamlet in Italian, so it is conceivable that the same character may adequately be pourtrayed in the broadest of Scotch, or even In the language spoken nt times by Mr. Barrett. But there are other results of Mr. Barrett's method which must not bo forgotten. Tho play has to be cut to allow for these pauses between syllables — If trams and other considerations be taken Into account. Trams, of course, have nothing to do with Mr. Barrett, nnd it would bo unjust to hold him to bo responsible for the hours which they keep, hut some consideration always is given in acting vorsions of Hamlet to reasonable hours. As one of the results of Mr. Barrett's method we have a good deal of abridgement of tho play, and abridgment of matters which we can ill spare. More thnn nny other play, "Hamlet" is a one- character play. It Is the one defect of the drama. When Hnmlet is off the stage, the Interest In the piece is npt to (lag altogether. Shnkespeare seems to have been aware of this defect, and to have endeavored to mnko up for it — often by splendid work. Look at tho conversation be tween Polonius and Reynaldo. It Is ono caso only of many that could bo quoted. I do not sug gest that we can expect any acting edition to give us this in modern times. It is put forlvard ns an Instance, and no more. But I do mean to say that Mr. Barrett makes Hamlet even more prominent than he is in the play; and that he seems to sacrifico every other character to some extent, ns u consequence of his waste of time in dividing syllables, which in ordinary language are not separated by unnecessary pauses. It Is a somewhat selfish performance — one which almost justifies the reduction of the King to a comparatively unimportant figure. Fancy the prayer scene left out! Surely it Is one of the finest touches in the play — great for tho King, hut greater for Hamlet, If tho actor can play It adequately. Wo must not omit montion here of tlio work of tho King by Mr. Carter Edwards. It was earnest nnd strong— altogether ono of the best pieces of work in the play. It is fair to say that Mr. Barrett restored this scene upon the second occasion upon which I had tho privi lege of being one of his audience. But why did ho leave It out before? POLONIUS. — Let us nt once admit that tho traditional Polonious resembles in mnny respects tbo snme old pantaloon that here is given to us. But why make him worse? I do not know whether we should hold Mr. Barrett to blamo hnrn VinVAtlll lllk tt lldnilVtt Ofl rPStlATIKlhlHiv frtr this acting edition. Hero Polontns is merely a clown — the funny man who is second only to tho First Grave-digger. I have never been ahlo to understand why this grave and wise old man should bo represented In this wny. Wo don't expect to gather grapes of thorns, and, converse ly, wo don't expect to find thorns when wo gather grapes. Now, here we have a man who is Lord Chambeilaln and tho trusted counsellor of tho Crown, who, although a trifio sententious at times (a not uncommon experience in ace. or even In youth), says many wise things and nothing foolish; who often goes boyond or dinary wisdom, npt only showing a thorough knowledge of tho world; but giving us thoughts which aro magnificent; who, greatest of all, as an old man, remembers the thoughts and feolings of youth; who is largo enough to say: "It seems it is as proper to our age To cast beyond ourselves in our opinions. As It Is common for the younger sort To lack discretion." And we are asked to accept this personage as a tedious old fool who hobbles about with a superfluous staff! Hamlet, of course, has a poor opinion of the man who naturally thinks him mad. But what of those outside? What of tbo King's judgment?— "What would'st thou hog, Laertes, That shall not bo my offer, not thy asking? Tho head la not moro native to tho heart, Tho hand more instrumental to tho mouth, Thnn Is tho throne of Denmark to thy father." Or. again — Polonius: "What do you think of me?" King: "As of a man faithful and honorable," But instances surely do not need to be added. Mr. Barrett is to be forgiven If ho pleads the tradition which lu Hamlet he has not observed. OPHELIA. — "Too much of water hast thou, poor Ophelia!" It always Is hard for those outside to say how far the principal Is responsible for tho readings of other characters. But a protest ought to bo made, I think, against this alternately over tristful or boisterous person. .Why. Ophelia should sob out, "I shall obey!" I do not know, oxcept upon a hypothesis, both common and re grettable, which nowhere seems to bo warranted In tho play. Except In tho mad scone, thero is no suggestion (why should thero he?) of any re lations other than honorable between Hamlot and Ophelia; outsido of any question of de sertion by Hamlet, we havo plenty of reason for her madness, in tho fact that her lover had killed her father; and tho grosser Idea surely is contradicted It we compare the speeches of the Queen (tho "Imperial joint ress") in the third act (lines 42-17) with lior words at the grave. Ophelia's own words aro open to quito another interpretation than that sometimes placed upon them; and suggest, mere ly, Shakespeare's Idea of a particular kind of insanity where, perhaps, he was not very far from tho truth. Wo have, too, "tho great com mand" and tho attendance of tho King and Queen (another tribute to the position of Polo nius) at tho grave. I do not know, of course, whether tho character of Ophelia, as here pour trayed, Is given to us as an interpretation sug gested by Mr. Barrett, or whether it Is tho out- como of Miss Jeffries' own study of tho part. Tho Important point to consider Is whether it does not fall to do justico alike to Ophelia and to the charming personal qualifications of Miss Jeffries for tho part; and whethor It ml rait not with advantage bo made a little less tearful, a little moro dignified, and a little less noisy. Tills view of the Presentation of tho play, generally, is intended to ho frankly hostile. It gives no pleasure to express It. But Mr. Bar rett has thrown down tho glove to Sydney. Tho prograramo tells us that "Mr. Barrett's rendition of 'Hamlet' was immediately endorsed by thoughtful playgoers, but his new readings crea ted a tremendous controversy, which raged for weeks in the columns of tho Melbourne press, tho result being a decided victory tor Mr. Wil son Barrett's 'Hamlet.' " This is a challenge to Sydney. Space does not allow a detailed ex amination of tho performance, nor, If v.-o disa gree on main issues, would much be gained by it. Equally, from a dramatic point of view, verbal differences In readings are of no great im portance, however interesting to students of the text But upon tlioso main Issues I think that somebody is called upon to meet tho challenge; however inadequately this Is the justification which is claimed for tho present article. — Yours, etc., . A.N.R. 