siffilii. ? (All report.* or; social functions sent to this office ?with a- view to publication in this column should reach us before noon on Thursdays, and must bear the name and business and private address of the eender, as^a/; guarantee of authenticity; otherwise they wUibe cbnBidered unreliable, and will conse quently be rejected.) ''-^One;of ..the most successful. concerts which has taken place at Junee for a long time came off in Dojrle's Hall on Queen's Birthnight, the pro ceeds being in aid of the hospital. The hall was packed, and ., many could not obtain ad Biittance. . .Ainpng the visitors were . the members of the Faddington Football team, which was.on a visit to Junee. and Wagga. Each item, cri' the' programme -was well rendered, and in quite ..a... number of instances the performers were en 'cored. Mr. Bassetti, the umpire of the Padding tonians, received a ye±y flattering reception .when he came on to the platform. Among the items were: Overture, company; song, Mr. Frank Reade; duet, 'Oh, Maritana,' Mrs. George Dob byns, junior,, and Mr. Sadleir; song, 'Her Ma .jesty;' Mr. James Gordon; .song, 'My Blue-eyed .?Irish Boy,''' Master Honor; comic song', 'Me,' 'Master Jac&'O'Boiioghue; song, 'Hurrah for the King,' Mr. W. Turner; violin eolo, Miss Hall (Coolamon); song,-'The Boys of the Old Brigade,' .Mr. J. Stewart; song (with violin obligato by Miss Hall), 'Whisper, and I Shall Hear,' Mrs. Dob byns; comic song, 'M'Sorley's Twins,' Mr. M'Ma hon; and three musical selections by Mr. W. Ben jamin's gramophone; overture. Miss Nelly Turner; song, Mr. Sadleir; song, 'Bid Me to. Love,' Mrs. B. Tildsley; violin. solo, Miss Hall (Coolamon); song, 'Awake,' Miss Ferguson; three selections by Mr. Benjamin's gramophone; song, 'Grand -carnival,' Mr. -Bassetti (Sydney); banjo' selection, Mr. R. L. Turner. A farce entitled 'The Ghost in the Cupboard,' followed, the different charac ters being taken by. Mess; s. Corben, H. G. Gold smith, Chapman, Clarke, and the Masters Dowd. ^iir.' Frank :Reade acted as stage manager, and Miss Rhodes, the accompanist, played with judg ment and skill. ?' The Junee Rugby Football Club tendered a complimentary smoke concert to the Paddington footballers on Monday night in Doyle's Hall, Junee. there beine a large attendance. Messrs. T.' Fitzpatrick and W. Affleck, Ms.L.A., were pre sent, and Mr: T. C. Humphreys, J.P., occupied the chair. The toasts of 'The Queen,' 'The Paddington Footballers.'' 'The Junee Football Club,' 'The Rugby Union, '* and 'Parliament' (coupled with the names of Messrs, Fitzpatrick and -Affleck) were enthusiastically drunk and suit ably responded to. Messrs. Gregory (captain of the Paddington team), Riva and Oakes (represen tative of the Rugby Union) also responded. Songs were eung - by Messrs. Bassetti (Paddington), Moody, Long, and others. » ? ?--; On the 17th instant, to celebrate the birthday of Miss Dolly Corner, the eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Corner, of Braeside, Darling Point, a large number of her you*ng friends and relations journeyed out!to her parents' home. The house was artistically decorated with flags, lanterns, ^nd ferae, which gave the place quite a lively air. Needless to say that the hostess and her charming daughter spared no pains to make the visitors happy and comfortable, and, what with music, songs, dancing, and selections from Mr. Corner's phonograph, ;the time was pleasantly passed. ?About midnight a rest was taken, and the assem bly retired to the dining-room, where supper was provided, during which time the opportunity was seized to congratulate Miss Corner and drink her health amid ringing cheers. The dancing was .continued for some time, and it was not until the small hours of the morning that the last of the departing friends were safely on board the 'bus, kindly provided by Miss Corner for the occasion. Mr. Robert B. Cameron, the secretary of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, with Mrs. Cameron, will leave for London as passengers per Orient sheamship Ordya, which is announced to sail from Sydney on Saturday, 28th instant. Mr. Cameron was entertained by the head office staff , of the 6oeiety on jtonday last, for which occasion an' elaborate conceit programme had been . pre pared. ' ' A most enjoyable evening was spent at the A.B.C. Rooms! in Pitt-street, and the various items were thoroughly appreciated. Mr. Richard ?Teece, F.I.A., F.F.A., made a valedictory speech, lie was quite sure that he expressed the hope of ejvery one of them when he wished Mr. Cameron a pleasant holiday and a safe and speedy return. After Dr. Cox (the chief medical officer) had spoken in support of the toast, Mr. Cameron re .pliedv acknowledging his thanks for the qonrtesy .extended to him, as well ae the kind remarks of Mr. Teece and Dr. Cox. Mr. Cameron intends to be absent from the colony for about six months. He has i'een connected with the A.M.P. Society for ?'. - thirty-five years, during which time, it is stated, his service has been continuous, and his work most' arduous'. The 'members of the Guildord Social Club cele brated :the opening of the season by inviting their ' lady f riencls to a social evening at the Hall, Wood ville- road, and the number of dancers' was just sufficient to fill the hall comfortably, which was prettily decorated with chrysanthemums, bunches of oranges, and evergreens. - The music was en trusted to Messrs. E; Freitas and H. Robertson, and 'the duties of M.C. were carried out by Mr. ,J. 3. Klein. An excellent supper was served at .midnight, and afterwards dancing,, singing, and ' games -were continued till the email hours. The ladies present were Mesdames Curby and Robert son',1 Misses Shepherd, Goldsbrough, Rutherford, Curby, Walsh (3), E. Shepherd; Leadham, B. Cur by, and Taylor, and Messrs. J. Goldsbrough, J. J. Klein, .Freitas (3), H. Curby, R. Shepherd, F. Ro \- Jbertsoii. Wormleaton, W. Curby, E. Walsh, and 'H.' Robertson. . The plain and fancy drees ball under the aus pices of the Rose of Annandale Lodge, U.A.O.D., took place in. the Glebe Town Hall' on Monday evening last. Thanks to an energetic committee, the affair wais a very enjoyable success, every thing being done whieh tended to the enjoyment of the guests. A good programme was arranged by tie; M6.C, Mr. H.; Sutton and Mr. S. Heappy. The' hall was 'tastefully' decorated with flags and bunting, the, effect being heightened by the very ?pretty costumes worn by the ladies. Among those present were: Mrs! I. R. Cohen, hlack silk, lace, and diamonds; Mrs. Tarleton, black and pink satin; Mrs. Brown, blue and black silk with lace' insertion; Mre...Lanrence, black and blueeilk; Miss 'C; ' 'N^ssbh, black' -and pink, pearl ornaments; Miss L. Devlin, black velvet, with white fur trim .inlngs; Miss-D. - Waddell, plum-colored brocade; Miss M. ' Devlin, t pale green crepon; Miss S. Stevenson, pale green nun's veiling, cr8 j-oh;'- and pearl; trimmings; - Mrs. A. Vaughan, Jgreen-crepon,'cream lace, spangle trimmings; Miss AVeling, pale'blue^nun'a veiling, chiffon, and lace; Mrs: H. Holm, steel-grey and pink, cream lace; Mrs. Johnstone, prune silk and moonlight trim mings; Mi£s Quinlan, a pretty Grecian costume; Mrs. J. Coekcroft. gra&srlawn;, biscuit lace trim mings; Mrs. H. Aveling: grass lawn, pale green trimmings, and laeer Mrs. Eden, Gaslight-green, and black lace; Miiss Bungay, cream nun's veiling and cream satin; Miss F. Cardwell, white book TOUiSliu; Mrc3. C. Spencer, shot lustre and pale'blue chiffon; Mrs. S. Heappy^ Black velvet, pink silk, and chiffon, with lilies of the valley; Miss Spen cer, green nun's veiling and pink; Mrs. ? Tinraus, violet ..and black; Miss Stone, cream muslin and lace, relieved with flowers; Mrs. Martin, fawn, with eilk trimmings; Mrs H. Sutton, pink nun's veil-; ing and chiffon; Mrs. Devlin, black, with jet trimmings; Miss Parry, white nun's veiling and .rcse-pink trimmings; Miss R. Devlin, cream cash mere and pale blue chiffon; Miss Brandtman, cream nun's veiling and pink silk; Mrs. Smith, black shot eilk; Mis. A. Wyatt, black and blue chiffon. Hollinsworth, Rooty Hill, the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Learmonth, was the scene of a pretty wedding on Wednesday, 11th instant, the con tracting parites being Miss Lillian Maud Barnes, of Parramatta, and Mr. E. J. Lakeman, of Orange. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. George Middleton. As the bride entered the drawing room the hymn 'The Voice That Breathed O'er Eden' was sung, Mr. A. T. Ward being the ac companist, and who at the conclusion of the ser vice played Mendelssohn's 'Wedding March.' The bride, who was attired in her travelling dress of fawn cloth and hat to match, was given away by Mr. Learmonth, and attended by one bridesmaid, her sister (Miss Mabel Barnes). The best man was Mr. A. Hughes. After the ceremony the wedding breakfast was partaken of, and the usual toast proposed and responded to. Later on the happy couple left by afternoon train for Ka toomba. An enjoyable evening was spent last Monday as a result of a surprise tendered to Mr. and Mrs. Taylor, of Balmain, it being the anniversary of their silver wedding. The many friends met' at Martin's Temple, Balmain, and to the pleasant strains of Bartlett's String Band the couples danc ed till the early hours of morn. Mr. Pat. Napier was M.C. 'during the night. The following ren dered songs: Messrs. White, Taylor, Moles, Mil lot, and Mason; a sketch was given by Messrs. Graham, Alillot, and Taylor. At midnight the company sat down to a repast provided by the ladies. The annual ball in aid of St. Michael's Church, Redfern, took place on Thursday last, at Leigh House, and proved a great success. The ar- \ rangements were perfect, ana reflected great cre dit on the committee, which consisted of the fol lowing ladies and gentlemen: Mrs. J. G. Malouff (president), Mrs. Fardell (treasurer), Miss Sellis (secretary), Mrs. Harnish, and Messrs. M'Garey, Hickey, Lenil, and Bates. During the evening the pupils of Mrs. Lloyd gave an exhibition of fancy'dancing. The following cnildren took part — Miss Bailey, Miss Florrie Bailey, Misses May and Birdie Bailey, Misses Simons (2), and Miss V. Malouff. , j The annual social in connection with the Opera- j tive Bakers' Society was held at the Trades Hall on Saturday night. There was a large attend ance. Donations were received from the N.S.W. Lager Beer Company, Messrs. Marshall's Brew ery, Tooth's Brewery, J. T. and J. Toohey, and Cornwell. Dancing was commenced at about 8 o'clock, and continued till a late hour. The of ficials worked hard, and were repaid by suc cess. The annual ball in aid of the Tamworth Hos pital brought together a fashionable though not exceptionally large assemblage of dancers in the j Alhambra Hall on -Wednesday evening, ISth in- ! stant. The floor was in excellent dancing trim, and the lengthy programme of dances listed was negotiated to the' strains of first-class music sup plied by the Armidale gentlemen Messrs. T. | M'Shane, T. Hardaker (violin and piano, respee- I tively). The Mayoress (Mrs. C. Jeffries Britten) wore a gown of orange-colored bengaline, reliev ed with black velvet; Mrs. G. B. G. King (Goonoo I Goonoo), a handsome black striped silk; Miss King, rich white brocade, trimmed with fur; | Miss Pearl King, a lovely frock of pale pink mousseline de soie; Mrs. Morrison, black silk, brightened with cardinal; Mrs. Colin Ross, black satin, honiton lace, and pink roses; Mrs. J. T. Ro bertson, a dainty dress of pink crepon trimmed with chiffon; Mrs. H. N. Garvin, apple- green cord ed silk, gold passementerie, and pink roses; Miss j Cochrane, white surah trimmed with fur; Mrs. | W. F. Robey wore a blouse of pale blue silk over a black satin skirt trimmed with lace; Mrs. C. Regan, heliotrope merveilleux shot with yellow accordion-pleated frills of cbiiftn on the bodice, and. diamond ornaments ; Miss Regan, apricot silk ; j Mrs. B. G. Cohen, black silk with a blouse of pale ' yellow eilk and chiffon; Miss Johnston, lustrous j black satin, sequin trimming; Miss Casey, an ex- i quisite dress of yellow surah trimmed with flounces of accordion-pleated lace and chiffon; Miss Beatrice Dwyer, white satin and lace; Miss Finch, white silk and pearls; Miss Maud Cousens j (debutante), white silk; Miss Porter, cream cash- j mere, pink roses; Miss Stella Doyle, cream cash- i mere; Mrs. Allan Hole, black silk, bodice of pale J green satin and violets; Mrs. George Brunsdon, j black silk, pink roses; Miss ? Borthwick, black silk, frills of chiffon, and red poppies; Mrs. Weed on, black satin; Miss Jennie Armstrong, yellow, silk, sequin trimming, and white marguerites; Miss Kate Armstrong, rose-pink silk; Mrs. E. W. Brierly, amethyst bengaline, bodice draped with Maltese lace; Mies Farquharson, white striped eilk and chiffon; Miss Yerbery ' (matron), black silk trimmed with jet and pale pink silk; Miss Ahern, black merveilleux and chiffon; Mrs.. H. Denning, black velvet, with deep red chrysanthe mums; Miss Thibault, black velvet trimmed with jet, sleeves of pale pink silk; Miss Newman, cream cashmere, moire sash, pink bebe roses; Mies G. Newman, pink cashmere; Mrs. A. Murray, pink crepon, pearl passementerie; Miss Garvin (Armi ? dale), cream surah, gold sequin passementerie; Miss Wyndham, cream silk; Miss Enid. Joseph, white surah; Miss Ida Cohen, black silk, the bodice i trimmed with pearl passementerie; Mrs. Galpin, j black silk, pink roses. . j The annual social under the auspices of the Manchester Unity Order of Oddfellows given in Harden Mechanics' Institute on Tuesday night was one of the most enjoyable of the season. Among those present were representatives of the Young, Cootamundra, and other branches of the lodge. Mr. Geo. Sutton carried out the duties of M.C. in an efficient manner. The music was supplied by Messrs. Connors Brothers. The hall was taste fully decorated. The floor was in first-class or der. A programme of twenty-five dances was ne gotiated, and the gathering broke up. Among the dresses worn were: Miss Waterworth, cream nun's veiling; Miss Stewart, black cashmere, with black 6ilk trimmings; Miss Minehan, black silk, satin trimmings: Mrs. E. Reardon, black eilk, buttercup bodice trimmed with chiffon and lace; Miss N. Jones, pale blue; Miss Sutton, brown, with cream laco trimmings; Mies Simpson, grey trimmed with pink chiffon; Miss Fallon, pink nun's veiling; Miss L. Fallon, black, heliotrope.-and chiffon; Mrs. O'Neill, black silk; Mrs. G. Reid, black suit. Mr. T. Bradford had charge of the catering. The first, of- a series -pfwliiter- socials arranged by Mr. G. Fraaer'jwas held tb the. R[-irrisby June- j tion; School of Ayts on HVednesiday'. *nighV under most- favorable circuinstaneek S:^he£ha1l was tastefully decorated fof the 'occasion. First-class music was supplied by. Messrs. F. Brown (piano) and G. Frazer (violin). ... Refreshments were served at midnight, and -dancing was continued till 4 a.m. Among the ladies present were: Mes dames F. H. Robinson and A. Smith, and Misses L. and 'D. Thompson, E. Daies, E. Crawford, M. Reynolds, F. Clarke, Meyers (3), M. Lamb, Howe, Mackay, Buchanan, and Hickey. ' A -'surprise' party, consisting of Mjs^es South well (2), Winkle, Marsden, Wilcoxon, M. Bull, Bellringer, Messrs. Clyde, Brennan, Hickey, G. Bull, Southwell (2), J. Miller, Clarke, Nagle, Kelly; and Wileoxon, proceeded to the residence of Mr. Christian, Mount Young, Liverpool, on Wednesday evening, 18th instant, the lady pro moters being laden with good things incidental to such, festivities. On arrival' at their destina tion they were cordially welcomed by the host and hostess and their family. Dancing, inter spersed with' songs and parlor games, was in dulged in' till midnight, when an adjournment was made to the supper tables. Mr. Clarke, in a neat speech, proposed the health of Mr. and Mrs. Christian. Mr. G. Southwell, in supporting the toast, said the desire of the party Was to in some slight degree return the kindness and 'hospitality extended to them on various occasions by Mr. and . Mrs. ;Christian. Mr. Christian suitably respond ed, after which the festivities were resumed and continued until the small' hours. Misses Win kle and Southwell provided excellent music. Mr. Clyde acted as M.C. . . - A meeting in connection with the ball in aid of the Convent of Mercy, Redfern, was held at the convent on Wednesday afternoon. Mrs. M. Sim mons presided. Among other ladies present were: Mrs. 'Johnson and Miss M'Mahon (hon. trea surer), Miss Simmons and Miss Mannix (hon. secretaries), Mrs. Reid, Mrs. Shelley, Miss Bren nan, and Miss Williams. The ball is to be held at Leigh House on June 10, and promises to be a great success. The first dance of the season in connection with the Newtown Socials was held in the Wilson street Hall, Newtown, on Friday last, about forty-five, couples being present. These very en joyable dances were inaugurated some three or four years ago, and each season they have been attended with great success. Dr. C. R. Watson i is the president; the vice-presidents being Dr. A. I L. Levy, Alderman J. W. Abigail, Mr. C. G. Hatte, &c; and Messrs. G. Douglas, J. Simons,' C. J. Pittman, J. T. Green (hon. treasurer), 3. P. O'Reilly, and L. Baldick (joint hon. secretaries) form the committee of management. The ga thering on Friday was an unqualified success. Messrs. H. Westhoff, J. T. Green, anl W. Cook, as Ms.C, were assiduous in their attentions to the dancers; and, with delightful music by C. Box sell's string band and a superb floor, 'all went as smoothly as a marriage bell.' Among many pretty dresses were those of Mrs. H. Westhcff, white satin, turquoise blue velvet, and pearl passe menterie; Mrs. W. Wedlock, black sUk, with chif fon bodice and roses; Miss Barden, pink silk; Miss L. Westhoff, white satin and pearl passemente rie; Miss Brew, cream satin; Miss Elsie Baldick, pink nun's veiling; Mrs. G. Nasn, pink water wave silk, with pearl trimmings; Mrs. G. Douglas, buttercup satin and chiffon; Mrs. C. R. Watson, white brocade; Miss Dawes, apple-green satin, with chiffon and pearls; Miss E. Stevenson, but- i tereup satin; Miss Royer, ivory satin; Miss Hen- ] ry, pink silk and chiffon; Mrs. Cullam, eau de nil ! Chinese silk, relieved with roses; Miss Lane, j -:ream veiling; Miss Keats, eau de nil satin: Mrs. : Gair, pale blue silk; Miss Irwin, pale blue nun's j veiling; Mrs. Jones, black silk and poppies; Miss I B. Lane, black nun's veiling and cream chiffon; j Mrs. Hellyer, black velvet and pearl passemen- 1 terie; Mrs. Goldsmith, cream nun's veiling; Mrs. May, black silk. A crowded audience greeted the chiMren atten ding St. Joseph's Convent School, Junee, on the j 18th instant, when they gave a concert in aid of i the school funds. The assemblage in Doyle's ! Hall represented all classes of the community, ! who showed their appreciation of the efforts of j the pupilsMn a marked manner. The programme ! was very lengthy, and, considering the juvenility ; of some of the children, it was most creditably ; gone through. The drama 'Through Fires of ! Sorrow,' containing three acts, was one of the ; features of the evening, the performers being the ! Misses Maloney (3), Misses Flood, Ryan, Julia \ Bourke, and Newbury; and the comedy, 'Turning j the Tables,' was performed in a style which j showed considerable talent. Masters Honar, j M'Grath, J. Donoghue, Maloriey, Tuohey, and Ma lohey sustained the 'characters. Numerous vio- ; lin and pianoforte duets and selections were also given. . At Mrs,. Oliver's Hall, Raglan-street, Balmoral j Beach, a Very enjoyable day was spent under the | patronage of the Camille Social Club on the 24th i instant. The hall was very tastefully decorated, ] the floor being in excellent . condition. Messrs. | C. Tyrell and J. Young acted as Ms.C. ] On Tuesday, 24th instant, Mrs. T. Redshaw, of j 96 Dowling-street, Moore Park, entertained a i number of her friends in celebration of her birth- ' day.. The company spent a pleasant day at San dringham, and concluded the holiday at the resi \- dence of the hostess. The evening passed plea- ; santly with parlor games and songs. Miss E. Hooper contributed 'Sweetheart May;' Miss M. Oakes, 'The Scotch Brigade;' Mr. T. Redshaw, 'Lion of England;' Messrs. P. Cutler, B. Bryant, H. Talbot, trio comic. Mr. Oakes's vocal efforts were much appreciated. The hostess was the re cipient of many pretty and useful presents! Prior to breaking up the party sang 'Auld Lang Syne.' The annual ball in aid of the funds of the Manly Cottage Hospital was held at the Manly Aquarium Hall last night. The hall was inconveniently crowded for dancing. De Groen's band supplied excellent dance music and extras were played by Miss Bad- gery, Miss Nelson, Mr. Ridge (a special composition), and Mr. Arthur Williams. The decorations of the ball reflected credit on the ladies' committee. Messrs. W. J. Douglass aad H. E. Williams were assiduous as Ms.C. Among the ladies present were Miss Hopkins, in pearl satin and chiffon; Miss Hilder, pale blue silk chiffon and violets ; Nurse Bonnar wore pale blue brocade and pink rosebuds ; Miss Nelson, black velvet, lace and damask rosebuds; Miss Carter, vieux rose satin ; Mrs. Hannam, eleetric satin, pearl trimmings, damask roses; Miss M. Nelson, cream silk, shell pink chiffon ; Miss Williams, pale blue satin ; Mrs. E. A. Luckham, ivory satin and pearls; Miss Q. Badgery, shell pink moire, powder and patches ; Miss Badgery, black satin, spangled net, and blue satin, powder and patches ; Mrs. C. Murphy, black brocade, buttercup and black chiffon and jet ; Miss Bow, ivory satin and sapphire blue velvet; Miss Woods, ivory bro- cade and cardinal flowers; Mrs. W. H. German, ivory satin, geranium velvet; Mrs. S. C. Sadler, black brocade and lace, powder and patches; Miss Bird, but- tercup satin and pink velvet; Mrs. Douglass, white corded silk, powder and patches ; Miss May Woods, buttercup brocade and red berries; Mrs. Owen Car- roll, black satin and cardinal and jet; Miss Carroll, eau-de-nil satin, chiffon, and pearls; Miss Adrian, white satin and pearls; Miss Montagu, buttercup satin and chiffon ; Mrs. T. C. Haylock, black satin while lace ; Miss Haylock, heliotrope silk; Miss D. Haylock, white satin ; Miss M. Hay- lock, buttercup satin; ; Mrs. Hawke, black satin and lace ; Mrs. H. T. Robey, black velvet and chenille net; Miss Moore, buttercup; Mrs. E. H. Mack, pale blue and brocade ; Miss Hawke, heliotrope silk, powder and patches; Mr«s A. Davis, black moire and buttercup lace; Miss E. Hilder, black moire and scarlet poppies; Mrs. J. German, buttercnp satin, damask roses ; Miss Montagu, black moire and white chiffon; Mrs. Forsaith (New Britain), ruby silk and black lace ; Mrs. Brown, black and pearl satin, and black lace ; Miss Eva Bryant, ivory brocade and pearl trimmings; Mrs. J. Butler, heliotrope, satin and pearls; Mrs. B. Fletcher, dark green floral silk; Miss Lord, black satin; Miss Ridge, white satin and aigrette. There were also present: Mrs. J. Woods, Mrs. J. Dean, Mrs. Austin, Miss Lattimer, Miss Millinet, Mrs. Black, and Messrs. C. Sykes, Dr. Kottmann, Dr. S. C. Watkins, H. D. L. Woods, W. Dixon, Kloster, H. and S. Davenport, Dewhurst, H. Crossman, Wyatt (2), Owen Carroll, Littlejohn (2), W. H. Fletcher, H. T. Robey, Warburton (2), Ormiston, S. G. Boydell, R. Wilkinson, W. Hannam, and Aldermen Tucker and Warburton. A special steamer left for Sydney at 1 o'clock for the conveni- ence of Sydney residents. The affair was voted a very enjoyable function. 