[copyright.] MYS OF DANGER. Thrilling Narratives of tho Busliranging Times. — »- Keenan's Ghost. . BY CAPTAIN LACIE. | IN FIVE PARTS. f- ''' PERIOD, 1846. I - ? ^ ? ? I parti: IN Miiy, 1840, a surveying pnrty em ployed by the Viin Dionian'n Land Government in tho north-wosfc parr, of tho island met; with a strange experience in the neighbourhood of Mount Vnlen tino, n'-hugo peak adjncint to the world f««.,',iici Mount Bischoff. whicli bonata tho richoiit tin mino in tho universe. Tho party- wero under the guidance of an ex perienced louder nnnieil Evan ICdwardt). Aa tlioimmo implicit, .lid wards wan Welsh t,, the backbono and spinal marrow, though liia college training in London had amodthod away tho roughness of Ilia accent, wllich in bin youth wns rugged an his native hills. The practical life- ho led did not, however, mollify tho deeply rootod voiu of superstition whicli ran through his naturo, and he was prone to aeo signa nnd portenlH whero roally no cause to introduce mu nu|juni.n,ui.u w,ui apparent. H-o- liad four men with him, named John Woaton, E.lward Jones, Michael Koenan, and .Joseph Walsh. They woro hnrdy yeung fellows who loved tho rough lifo which their occupation entailed, and managed to judiciously combine business with- pleasure. Tho wild crags and dark glens which hnd been familiar to Evan Edwards in his youth paled into nothing ness before tho stern majesty of naturo in tho localities which the party were endeavouring to explore Th'e'y wero in tho great hollow formed by Mount Valentine, Bidel's Bluff, and Cradle 'Mountain, with the great ranges running like spires to connect them. From the first mount right to tho southern ocean 'fit' Arthur Bay, a distance of fifty miles, a vast range extended to tho west with long spurs jutting our. at intervals to ?the north and approaching Buss Straits. -North and south of tho main rango rivora of more or less magnitude ran. Tho most important wero Arthur, Ilollyer, Emu, Cane, Detention, Black Duck, and Montague rivers. To the south of Mount Valentino a perfect network of ranges bewildered. tire observer. Cradle Moun tain .foimed.n magnificent background to the wild scene as it roao with its vener able crown of snow. In tho Waratah Rangi'.R other rivers, such no tho Pieman, Donaldson, Coldstream, and Huskison, took tlieir source, so that the whole of 'the north-west corner of tho island wao splendidly watered. Tho rugged hills and towering cliffs which everywhere met tho eye, intercepted with narrow and profound glens, to say nothing of tho ment rather a difficult matter. It was a ?region for tho miner rather than for the farmer. The first shock which camo upon tho men was in a deep ravine near the southern baso of Mount 'Valentino. Every step had literally to bo fought with the axe. It was rare, indeed, that an open spneo was found over which tho chain sould be ran. Tho track had to bo raadu with hard and unremitting labour, and in doing this the men had at times narrow escapes from tho reptiles which infested Hie district, Tho dense under growth of creeping plants which entwined with the shrubs and trees often necessi tated ft week's work to cover u quarter of a mile of country. Tho rough axemen ? aaw nothing in the locality bub tho sylvan barriers, yet a botanist or a geologist — aud indeed to a lesser extent; tho zoologist — would have rovellod in tho profusion of animated and inanimate naturo which was scattered around. It was little wander that tho members of tho survey party considered they wero the first white men who had over pene trated the region. In days gone by, before the 'black battuo ' took place, the aboriginal might have roamed at large, though probably not in numbers, as they would prefer tho moro open and equally fertile central districts. On tho morning of tho 3rd May, 1840, Keenim was leading man in cutting the narrow track through a deep and pecu liarly wild glen whicli ran at the southern baso of the mount/ Tho bauri vino in places almost shut out the light of day, but that droaded horizontal creepor did not prove such an obstacle to progress as tho ordinary upright scrub, as tho chain could bo carried along underneath the former, though it was really surveying in twilight. Keeuan had just reached a more than usually obstinate spot near the foot of a gigantic treo which towered far above its follows, and was silently blaspheming tho luxuriance of nature, when a sheet of bark was exposed by tho last vicious tug he gavo at aomo severed undergrowth. It is certainly not an unusual circum atanco to meet with sheets of bark in a locality ? where it abounds, but this particular Bhoet of stringy-bark- hnd a peculiar fascination for the track maker. Resting tfie axo on thoground, he loaned on tha handle and contemplated it for some seconds with a puzzled look on his face. The reason for this was aoon obvious. The broad piece was about seven feet long and two feet Bix inchos broad, and it was cut at both ends as by an axo or hatchet. Tho chops on it woro quito plain, though judging by its appoaranco, the bark had lain at the spot for two or three yours. In places it had been torn away as though by wild animalB, and there waB something so uncanny about tho whole thing that tho Irishman did not caro to touch it until ho had tho company of one of hiti mates. Ho was about to call out for Weaton, whom ho knew was closo behind, when on turning- ho Haw the leader himself coming up. ' What's the matter, Mike ?' ho asked as ho noticed tho perturbod look on tho face of tho man. 1 1 don't know, sir. There's-something hero 1 can't quito make out. It looks as if some white men had been hero aforo us. Look at that piece of bark. It'o been cut with an axo,' Baid Keenan. Evan Edwards took a quick glance at tlio object indicated, and then burst into s loud laugh. 'Did it never occur to you, Mike, that tho blackfellows aro ablo to use toma hawks and axes, and that moBt of them carry thdBo useful articles? Don't you Bee tho blacks hnvo done thia V 1 Well, I never thought about that afore. Of course I seo it now,' answored Koonan, joining in tho laugh. ' I'll movo it, at any rate, and seo if ould Nick himself ho hid undor it. Perhaps we may find a gold mino about.' Ab ho spoko ho lifted tho axo and tried to shovo tho heavy shoot of bark off tho apot on which it lay, but it did not yield so easily to his efforts. ' Don't catch it liko that, Mike. Thoro may bo a.fow snakes undor it,' cried Edwards, ns Keenan dropped tho axo and was about to lift it with his handfl. Having a hoalthy fear of being taken unaware by one of the roptilos which the Irishman abhorred, ho stopped, and lifting a stick, tho chief of tho survoy party gavo him a hand to romovo the shoot of stringy- bark. It yielded, so to speak, reluctantly, as though it woio human and liko a person in the witnoas-box fonrod to givo, up an important secrot. At last it broke suddenly away and slid down about a foot on the sleep inclino whore it was lying. Both men sprung back as if indeod half a dozen hissing sorpenta were about to spring at thorn, for thoro was u mystery revealed by tho act. A silent grinning skull, unspeakably grim nnd portentous in such a placo, looked up — or, at least to tho men, appeared to gaze at. thorn from tho nvnlna.o unrOrnfo Tl-n akull — so much of it as was uncovered — Boomed perfect enough, but only a por tion of tho skoloton wan us yet laid bare. For noarly a minuto both men looked at each other alternately with a glnnco at tho skeleton, but neither spoke, and as thoy wero thus in 11 to, Jones and Weaton made their advent on tho stranso ficonoandqnickly saw what, had fascinated their comrades. ' It is tho skeleton of an aboriginal, I suppose,' remarked Jones. ' No, it's nothing of tho sort, ro far as 1 can seo. Wo must tako off tho bark altogether and make a thorough examin ation. Aboriginals don't wear boots and white men's clothes ; and can't you sooa boot-too slicking out at tho end there? Lift off tho bark so thnt wo may get a proper view,' answered Edwards. Now that tho first shock of the dis coverv was over and them worn fnnrm/in present, tho instructions of tho chief wero quickly carried out, and tho ghastly relics laid bare. There woro merely the bones, and with one or two exceptions they were all present, a somewhat ro markablo fact when it is considered that numerous wombats were in tho locality, and being omnivorous, they aro of course not particular what, kind of food they oat. A pnir of well- worn boots still encased the feet-bones, or rather contained them, for most of tho bones had become dis united. A rough skin cap, presumably an oppossuni skin, was beside tho skull, and sundry fragment!! of clothing showed that in all human probability tho relics wero those of a white man. Poking about tho debris with a stick, T^flu'nrfip. Rf-rnnK- flnnifllhina li^rrl iwliiol» gavo forth a metallic sound, and it was quickly uncovered. It proved to bo a small tin case about fivo inches long, four inches wide, with an aperturo not more than one inch ncross. ft had the lid and all complete, and did not seem to bo much tho worse for wear. ' What on earth can bo in this ?' spoke the loader aa he picked it up gingerly and looked upon the article with ardent curiosity, a feeling which waa quito shared by his companions. Edwards shook tho box, but it did not give forth any sound which might indi cate its contents, and from its lightness he concluded that if it was not empty it only contained papers, and he expressed that view to those around him. = ' Only jnipers, ' replied Weston. ? They may prove most important and lead to a solution of tho mystery, for such it must bo. I suppose tho body is only that, of some poor devil of a convict who ran away in the terrible days of Macquario Harbour and perished here,' he lidded. 'Then ho must have lived a long time after his escapo. Tho Macquarie station has been closed for a quarter of a cen tury, and this skeleton has not lain horo for moro than throe yoars I should judge,' returned Jones. ' Well, he might havo 'lived for years U11U yuilia 111 Lliu UU3I1. .LlltUU 1H UOWling impossible about it, I suppose,' replied Weston. ' His boots and clothing would not have lasted long in this district, anyhow. If ho had pillaged any of tho settlers tho authorities would havo hoard about it, and all the country-side would have boen on tho qui vivc. Oh, no ; tho Macquario theory won't do, Jack. We must havo something better,' answored Jones. ' I am of your opinion also, Ted. This body could not havo lain hero moro bhnn three or four years. The bark was com paratively good, and the remains are fairly well preserved. In such a moist district timo soon tolls on nnything perishable,' added Edwards, who was busy with his knifo trying to take offtho well-fitting lid of tho box which hnd beon partly rusted. It waa with no littlo troublo that the top of the mysterious tin-box wan re moved, nnd eager expectation rested on tho faces of tho men aa they poored forward to soo what it contained. On tho top was a layer of wool quito dry, and this lod to tho conclusion that tho con tents wero valuable. WitliBomo anxiety Edwards removed this and saw that tho box wns filled with tho same material, but out of it peeped a small pieco of silvered edging. Turning tho box up, tho louder was enabled to get hold of this, and ho pulled forth — not a valuable deed or document — but simply a photo graph on glass. It was a simple daguerreotype, but tho likeness was clear and well preserved. It waa that of a man apparently about forty years of ago, but with remarkable face and head. Tho latter was almost completely bald, whilst tho face had an expression that oncoseen could not easily bo forgotten. It was sinister in tho ex treme, and the forbidding countenance wan heightened by a scar which ran in a diagonal direction right across tho fore head. A small semi-circle of beard ran from under oach ear roand tho chin — or rather underneath it — whilst tho rest of tho faco was clean-shaven. There was no name or anything to indicate whose likeness it was, savo tho photograph itself. That could not bo mistaken by anyone who knew tho original. 'Poor devil,' said Edwards, glancing down at tho hideous outline of bones. ' Ho has left enough co identify tho body by at all events. ¥011 see, Woston, he could not havo boon an outlaw, or at least a convict, and carry an articlo liko that about. Tho authorities would tako good caro of that, you may depend. Havo any of you an idea of tho original V ho concluded as ho passed tho photo, round. One after another of tho men examined it, but they all emphatically answored the question in tho nogative. Walsh was at tho camp doing cook's duty, and when he saw it later on ho was of the same opinion as tho rest. ' If I onco saw a man liko that, I nhonld not forgot him in a hurry. That scar would he enough to identify him. No, it iaa perfect stranger to mo,' he added, handing back tho photo. None of the men had tho loaBt doubt thin, tho photo, was that of tho body bosido which it waa found. That soemed too apparent to need argument. Tho careful way in which the photo, had boon kept wont, far to confirm tho supposition. It was highly improbable that one man would so cherish tho memory of another as to go to finch trouble in kooping his likeness, and so tho survoy party camo to iho conclusion which any other live intelligent men would arrive at. After 11 further oxhaustivo soarch, and nothing moro boing found, tho next OUOStioil was what-, tn rln iviHi flio n,. mains? It was easily answered. Thoy must bo buried. ' Wo couldn't havo a better landmark than thin monster horo if the polico ever require the bones,' said tho chief, glancing up it t tin; gigantic stringy-bark tree which uprose beside them. ' There isn't a bigger follow tor ton miles around, and as it is right on our trenchant-peg to tho north, we can onsily find it again. Wo'll dig a grave just oil' tho track thoro and put tho bones to roat. Get your spades, lads, and lot na make a start.' Weston wont back and returned with a pick and a couple of spades, and dig ging operations began. 1 f'l) peel off a couple of sheets of bark. Wo can put one under and tho other above the bones so na to keep them together if thoy aro over wanted,' said Edwards. He went round tho hugo troo to got a suitablo part to strip, when he camo upon tho identical spot where tho largo sheet found on top of tho skeleton waa taken from, nnd calling his comrades, thoy examined it. The whole of tho party were good bushmen, and they soon ar rived at tho conclusion that not moro than three years had elapsed Binco tho treo was denuded of part of ita covering. That, at least was something proved, though as Weston said, the body might havo lain at tho spot for months or even years before tho bark was thrown over it. .1. Ilia mull 'KIJ IliLVU IJUUli UUilU lOl yearB when some wandering blacks dropped across it and so placed the bark. If white men had done it wo would probably hnvo heard of the dis covery, bin. you may depend that Euro peans had nothing to do with the affair. In tho iirst place thoy would havo found the tin-box, and secondly thoy would havo buried the corpse somehow. If the bones are those of a white man, as I fully believe them to be, then they havo never before be seen by a white person. A stray black has put tho bark there,' Woston argued. His comrades did not think it worth while to dispute tho assertion, though they did not at all believe the theory. Yet in a manner they wero almost forced to the samo conclusion, for if a white man bad 00 kindly endo.-ivoured 10 give sepulture to tho corpse, why was tho mutter never reported to tho authorities'! There wero two answers to this. Either tho good Samaritan had himself subse quently perished in the trackless wilds, or he was interested in not giving such information. The latter, of course, insinuated that murder had been com mitted, though if that wero the case it was difficult to understand why con sideration should bo shown to tho corpse when only violence was offered it in life. In a settled district a murderer has reasons for trying to hide tho visible evidences of his guilt, but not so in that far distant junglo of the north-we3t as it was in 18-1G. The first theory was tho more probable. Thero had been a party of two or more explorers, and death had overtaken them for their hardihood in venturing into such n desolate region without a proper baso of operations such aa a government survey party main tained. It was very likely, indeed, that the expedition, if such it waa, had not been properly equipped, as tho fact that no report' of two or more men having dis appeared had ever reached the authori ties so far as Edwards or his men wero awaro. That would indicate a poor and badly arranged party, for if they had not friends or relativos on the island who would bo interested in their fato, thoy must bo indeed friendless. These and a score of other thoughts floated through the minds of the men as they arranged the bones for burial. At the suggestion of Jones, the boots and .every fragment of clothing which could he found worn Hor.nrpd in ni-rlpr Mmf iln.,» might assist, if need be, to identification. Tho akull was nlso carefully examined to ascertain if thoro were any signs of violenco, but it was porfectly sound and intact. When all was completed, one of the sheets of bark cut off by Edwards was laid in the bottom of tho gravo, and pieco by piece thobones wero arranged in as perfect shape as possible. It was a gruesome task, especially under tho cir cumstances and amidst such surround ings, but the men woro not. unused to rough and weird scones, and in half an hour all that remained to show that anything unusual had occurred at the spot was a small mound of freshly-turned earth at tho foot of tho giant tree. ' Well, lads, u-e can do no moro. Let ua make a mark on this treo, giving tho dato on which tho bones were found, aud who by. It is not impossible that death may overtake the whole of us in this region before wo have a chanco to give information of our find, and then usefnl news might be lost to the authorities,' spoke tho loader. ' God forbid that we should havo to go under in such 11 placo aa this. I don't suppose it matters much to a man whore ho dies — when ho is dead — bur, whilo alivo I shall do my best to keep so, especially until I gat back to civilisation. This iqn'f-. ftvmi n. lif nlnp.n fnr .1 llfinrlinnnf. to die in,' returned Jones with a laugh. In tho moantimo Keenan, who was a fine axeman, had blaized a portion of tho treo, and began cutting the day and dato, and underneath the namo of Evan Edwards and his party. It was done in tho usual survey stylo, and that accom plished, tho work of track-cutting was resumed. Tho Irishman was somewhat afraid of the dead, though no living man could frighten him, and many a timo during tho day ho caat glances towards the forest giant whero tho unknown lay in hia eternal sloop at ita baso. To Bk Continukd. 