LAYING A GHOST, By Henry A. Herxng. I have just had a narrow escape, so narrow that I shudder at the thought of it. Let it serve as a warning to those who would meddle with the occult mysteries that surround us. Some twelve months ago I rented this place—Long lands—and came to live in it by myself. I had been badly treated by a woman. My first impulse was to plunge into the wildest dissipations of Paris or Vienna, but on second thoughts I decided to take a quiet place in the country, and brood over my wrongs. I had plenty of time for doing this at Longlands - the whole twenty-four hours were at my disposal— and any amount of material to work at. I spent a good deal of time in the library, where I wrote a cynical novel on the basis of my diary. It is called ‘ ‘ My Love of a Year,’' and I think it will create a sensation next spring. I trust my heroine will give satisfaction to her original, for she is drawn from life. There was another woman in the book— good and true, and from lack of recent experience of this type I idealised a portrait that hung above me. It was that of an Elizabethan girl, and never sweeter face was drawn on canvas. It was a face as honest as it was sweet. The soul that looked through the haze: eyes was incapable of deceit; those lips could no more utter untruth than coulc their kisses be given to any other thar the man who had won her love for ever. And where could those faint roses on hei cheeks be matched to-day ? And thal aureole of hair ? That portrait grew upon me, and I usee to talk to it as though it were indeed £ living being. I even began to pay ii little attentions in the shape of flowers, It seems absurd enough now, but I wa; scarcely answerable for my actions. ! was smarting from an intolerable wrong and I eagerly sought consolation fron the first pair of bright eyes I came across I grew to fancy the portrait smiled upor me, and sometimes I imagined it tried t( speak. One never-to-be-forgotten night I fluiu down my pen. I had just depicted tin scene in which I had discovered m] Laura’s perfidy, and all the old agonj returned. My eyes met those of th< portrait. “You, you,” I cried, “you coulc never have done this thing. Would ] had met you instead! Speak to me Come back to life and pity me.” And then the futility of my words came to me, and I threw myself into i chair and stared gloomily into the fire, It was not a cold night, and the fir< was there as much for cheerfulness as anything, but I shivered. A cold breatl seemed to pervade the room. It was as though a block of ice were near me. Agair I shivered, and this time I looked round, I grasped the arm of my chair. Could ] he dreaming or what 1 There at my sich ‘ was a shadowy film. As I stared witl open eyes it intensified and gradually assumed human proportions, and soor there was before me the shape of a ladj —an old lady in farthingale and ruffle— an ancient dame of the sixteenth century, I stared blankly at the apparition somewhat rudely I fear—for she simperec absurdly, and then said— “ Alack, sir, now your wish is granted can you find no better greeting for me ?” “My good madam,” I replied, whei my astonishment had in a measure sub dued, “you speak in riddles. I am, o course, delighted to see you, but the dis appointment is of your own making.” “Nay, indeed. E’en now you callec me, as you have for many a long day, anc I have answered your wish.” I simply gasped. v “I certainly did call upon a lady t< appear, but it was the one whose portrai is yonder. I have not had the pleasure o seeing you in oils, I believe.” I verily think the old woman tried t< blush, but it was a ridiculous attempt at any rate, she looked down bashfulb and said— :■ “ That is my portrait, sir, painted soim years ago.” “Great Heaven!” I cried. “Yoi don’t mean to say that’s you ?” “ Indeed it is. And a passably gooc likeness too.” . I fell back in my chair in blank dis may, “ But, madam,” I cried at length, “ j don’t know you at all. That lady I di know. Can you not appear in her form if you are indeed she V “Alack, no,” said the shade, “I can not do that. We may only appear as wi were when we died. 1 was killed b' lightning when watering my favourite rose-tree. See here is the mark.” She bent her head towards me. Then may have been a mark, but I had no time to notice it as I hastily pushed nr chair backwards. It was really too ghastly. I had go: my fair Elizabethan, but -what a travesty she was of her portrait. She was simplj hideous—wrinkled and crow’s-footed she had not a bit of colour about her, anc her expression was anything but nice. “Madam,” said I, determined to cu the interview short, for I really dicin’ like it. “I don’t want you. 1 wantec that lady for—er, literary purposes. Yoi won’t do at all ; you’d better say good night.” “ Softly, young sir ; you cannot get ric of me so easily. All these long, wear] years I have been hovering about, waiting for you, my living affinity ; and now having found you, we can never part.” I got up in a hurry, determined to enc the interview. “My good lady,” I said, “ I am sorrj to disappoint you, as you’ve been waitin' so long, but you’ve got hold of the wroin man. I'm sure I’m not your livin', affinity. If you won’t part, I will.” Anc I made for the door. Then a horrible thing happened. Be fore 1 had gone a couple of yards she glided up to me and seized my hand. L was an icy-clammy, loathsome touch, and it thrilled me through mid through. J ' was rooted to the floor, and could nol move. How long it lasted I do not know, but all strength seemed gradually'to ooze from me; and, filially, I fell down, and remembered no more. When I came round I was alone. The candles were flickering in their sockets, and the fire was out. I was horribly weak, but at length managed to crawl to bed. Next morning I felt better, but still terribly weak. My adventure did not bear daylight, and I put it down to an overwrought brain. 1 decided to do lie work that day, and I went instead for a long ride, returning all the better for the unwonted exercise. ' I resolved not to visit the library until my nerves were in better condition, so kept to the dining-room that night. I had a good dinner, and then sat smoking my pipe. I fell asleep, and my dreams carried me from the Sahara to the North Pole, and then I had found that I grasped it, and awoke suddenly. It was too horrible. There was that wretched Elizabethan standing over me, holding one hand in hers. In vain I struggled to free myself; she held it like a vice. “Come for a frolic,” she said, “the night is still young.” Impelled by a will 1 could not under stand, I followed her. She opened the window, and away we went. As I felt my legs leaving the ground, I struggled like a drowning man, and clutched vainly at my shadowy guide. At length as 1 | continued to rise, I ceased my struggles, j and resigned myself to my fate. Witches flying through the air on broomsticks would no doubt appear curious to observers, but I think the sight of a modern Englishman in evening dress float ing hand in hand with an elderly Eliza bethan lady, looked more ridiculous. I don’t think we attracted much atten tion, for the population was scanty, and there were few astronomers among them. One man saw us, however, and he had a gun. He possibly thought it was his one chance in life for securing a great hawk, I for he deliberately aimed at me and took I off the heel of my shoe. My companion put on pace after that, and we skimmed the country in fine style. It was ex > hilarating enough at first, but very soon ! I grew horribly weak. Again my strength seemed to be oozing away, again I became unconscious. It was the same tale. I awoke by the dying fire. The window was open. I closed it, looked thoughtfully at my damaged shoe, and staggered to bed. Next day I ran up to town. I dined at my club, and then went to a music-hall with a friend I felt I was safe there. Even if my Elizabethan could trace me, she scarcely dared show herself in a place like that The programme was almost through when a blast of icy air struck me. “ Confound it! they ought to close those doors,” I said to Boldshay. “ It’s abominable to let the cold wind in.’’ “ I wish it would come my way,’’ said he. “ I’m just about melted.” My heart sank. Could it be possible— “ Truant! ” said a voice at my elbow. I scarcely dared glance round, but there she was, sitting on the arm between me and my neighbour, a fat old gentleman. She grinned horribly. “ I was fond of the play in my day,” she said, “ but we’d nothing like this.” “Go home!” I said rudely.. “This isn’t the place for you.” “ Sir,” said my neighbor in the flesh, . “if you addressed that remark to me, it’s a piece of great impertinence on your . part.” : “ I was speaking to the lady between us,” I stammered The old gentleman leaned forward i through the Elizabethan, and said to . Boldshay : “Your friend doesn’t seem well, sir; l i my advice is, take him home.” Boldshay turned towards the speaker, l and as he did so a curious look passed i over his face. “Come along, Fred,” said he, “I ; think we’d better go. Give me your s hand.” I took his. For a moment my other was grasped by the icy one of the shade, s but only for a moment, "With a shriek which ought to have raised a cry of “ Fire ! ” in the house, but didn’t, she . let it drop, and I followed Boldshay out. ! He said nothing until we were in his rooms. Then he asked me to tell him all, and I told him. , “ It’s lucky for you I was with you to night,” he said when I had ended, “ or i there would have been a scene. I saw i her myself, and at once grasped the . situation. I’m a Rosicrucian, and am familiar with such difficulties. You’ve . got into the hands of a spook. Your fair Elizabethan must have had a large ! element of the flesh in her, since her i lower nature has been hanging about all . these centuries. She i3 living od you, and practically draining you of your life.” “ But can nothing be done to stop her V’ I cried. “Yes,” said Boldshay slowly, “I think I can help you. I must run over to your • place—the sooner the better. To-morrow, . if you like.” , The next day we started for Longlands. It was late when we arrived, and as soon as dinner was over we adjourned to the . library. Boldshay produced some things he had brought with him from town—a ; couple of corked jars, an empty glass bottle, a chafing-dish and a glass rod. He had a good look at the portrait, and then we sat down. “ You must concentrate your thoughts on the woman," said he, “and will her to appear. You must be very determined, > as I am at present — an antagonistic ; element.” : J I willed as hard as I could, and in about half-an-hour she came, as he had predicted. i She seemed troubled, and looked ; defiantly7 at Boldshay. 7 He muttered some unknown words and made a mysterious sign, at which the lady ! seemed considerably distressed. “Let me go,” she cried, i “No,” said Boldshay sternly, “I’ve something to say to you. You had better L leave us alone, Fred.” The spook appealed to me piteously to ■ stay and save her, but I only answered her | coldly. I left the room, and waited • ; outside in the hall. ) I can’t say what occurred in the library. All I know is lhat the most terrible screams and cries proceeded from it. They were really heart-rending, and had : Boldshay been operating on anyone else I should certainly have interfered, but as 1 it was I only smiled grimly. In about a quarter of an hour the door opened, and 1 Boldshay beckoned to me. ’ He was in his shirt sleeves, very pale, with great beads of perspiration on his . ace. The room reeked with a powerful [ : odour, and dense fumes still hung about. . t “ Well, have you cleared her away ? ” I . j anxiously asked. “Yes. It was a fearfully ticklish I business, for she clung desperately to her ; j existence ; but I managed her at last, and ; | I don’t think she’ll trouble you again. [ | This is all that’s left of her! ” And he : i held up the glass bottle, now filled with a dark-blue fluid. “ You’d better keep the stopper in for a fortnight,” he added ; l “after that she will be quite harmless. I \- wormed some particulars of her life from ; her, and found she had a shocking record. She poisoned three of her husbands, and tried to do for the fourth, but drank from . the wrong goblet herself, and so died.” I thanked Boldshay warmly. He had r saved my life. 1 believe he read a paper I on the incident at the next meeting of the Rosicrucians. I kept the stopper in for three weeks, ■ and then utilised the Elizabethan as ink, I fiuished my novel with hex7, and am now using her for ghost tales. I find she gives ; them splendid local colour. 