IRISH REPARTEE AND SARCASM. ("Daily Telegraph.") Repartee,' or readiness in smart, witty, sarcastic retort, is said to be the highest form of wit. These immediate and felicitous replies, these answering thrusts in mental fencing, these illuminating flashes cf quick and lively imaginations, are common among all classes in Ireland. Oil old Carlisle Bridge, in Dublin, there was a fruitstall, the keeper of which, "Biddy," the Apple-woman," was a better-known figur. than even the Lord 3Iayor. She had ; ready and glib tongue, and never allowed a verbal assailant to retire with all the honours. An American visitor, thinking to take a "rise" out of the old woman, took up one of the water melons she was displaying for sale, and said, "These are small apples you grow over here. In America we have them twice the size." Biddy slowly removed her "dudheen," or clay pipe from her lips, and cooily surveying the joker from head to heel, said, in "a tone of pity, "Yerra, what a fool yea must be whin yez take our gooseberries for apples." John Pkilpot Curran was noted for his powers of repartee and sarcasm. One day Curran was walking past the Parliament House in College Green, before the Bank of Ireland got possesion of it, with a nobleman, who had promoted the legislative union by his votes. "I wonder what they intend to do with that useless building?" said the nobleman. "For my part, I hate lie sight of it." "I do not wonder at that, my Lord," returned Curran, who was an anti-Unionist. "I never yet heard of a murderer who was not afraid of a ghost." Curran was defeated in a conversational contest with Lady Morgan, the Irish novelist, one evening in that lady's drawingroom, when, exaggerating the prevailing fashion in short sleeves, she wore merely straps over her shoulders. Curran was walking away from the little party who witnessed the conflict of the two wits when Lady Morgan called out, '"Ah, come back Mr. Curran, and acknowledge that you are fairly beaten." 'At any rate," said he, turning round, "I have this consolation. Lady Morgan, 'that you can't laugh at me in your sleeve." A very happy example of a man falling into the pit which he had dug for somebody else'is afforded by the following wellknown but always fresh story of a famous repartee. Join Paisons, one of the iirst Irish Commissioners of Insolvency, was travelling in a coach with Lord Norburv, the Judge. Passing a gibbet, Uorbury said with a chuckle, "Parsons, where would you be ijovr if that gallows had its due?" "Riding alone, Norbury," was. the quick reply. The neatness and felicity of this retort affords unmitigated surprise and delight. Chief Baron O'Grady, subsequently the first Lord Ouiliamore, "had a dry humour and biting wit. The latter was so fine that its sarcasm was often unperceived by the object against whom it was directed. A legal friend of his who. was extremely studious, but- in conversation exasperaiinglv dull, showed the Judge over liis newly built house. The lawyer prided himself especially on a library, which he luid contrived for his own use, so secludcd from the rest of the building that he could pore over his boolis in private quite secure from disturbance. "This is capital/'' exclaimed O'Gradv. "My dear fellow, you could read aad study here from morslug tiil night, and no human being would be one bit the K wiser." This recalls the caj»ij story told of the late Father Healy, of Bray. A very poni]x>us friend was showing Father Healy w and other guests through liis new house, on which lie had -sjient a good deal in furnishing and decorating. In the library the hogt, waving liis hand towards the bookshelves, exclaimed, "Hene, surrounded bv these best friends, I feel most- kajjpy."! : 'And I notice," said Father Heaiy, examineing some of tlve volumes, "that, like a true friend, you never.cut them.". A committee was formed to erect a monument over the grave of a popular Dublin physician who died some years ago, and was buried at Mount Jerome Cemetery. A witty c-Ltieen who was asked to suggest an inscription for • the memorial recommended the use of the famous allusion to Sir Christopher W ren, the architect, in St. Paul's Cathedral, London. "Pi mor.umentuin requiris cireumspice." "If you seek his monument, look around; if you doubt liis merit, behold his works." An English tourist, under the guidance of a ]>e!isant, was admirir-a: the scenery of ihe Galtee Mountains. Pointing to a "gap ill the hills, the guide said it was known locally as "The Devil's Bit," aud a low hill hard by_ was called "The Devil's Chair." "Indeed," remarked the Englishman, "the devil seems to have a good deal of property in these parts." "Yes. sir," rejoined the Irishman; "but he is an absentee landlord, and lives in England." 