Tho Wife of George I. There ia hardly a mora intensely dramatic ano: deeply tragio story than the following In the dark and lurid pages of history; and as the wronged husband became King George I. of Great Britain and Ireland, it is of especial interest. Philip of Koenigsmarck, a Swedish Count, waa one of those dangerously attractive men, endowed by nature with dauntless courage, a splendidly handsome face and person, fascinating manners; with everything, in short, except a heart and con science. He was a gambler, a drinker, an unscru pulous pursuer of beautiful women, and when op posed or thwarted a demon of rage and fury. When in London this wild Count fell in love with the beauty and fortune of the charming Countess of Ogle, who, fortunately for her, pre ferred the affection of an English gentleman, Mr. Thynne, affectionately called by lots of friends "Tom ia Ten Thousand," possessed a large for tune, and belonged to a good family. Count Koenigsmarck was so enraged by jealousy that he hired three wretches to murder his favored rival, and at the early hour of 8 in the evening, in Pall Mall, within sight of St. James's Palace, Mr. Thynne, who was returning in his carriage from a visit he had been making to his mother-in- law, Lady Northumberland, who resided in St. James's street, waa murderously attacked. The vehicle was preceded by a running footman with a blazing fambeau. He, however, was clashed aside, the coach stopped and surrounded. Charlas Borshel, a native of Poland, discharged a loaded blunder boss at the unhappy occupant of the carriage, who was terribly wounded, and, after lingering itt great agony for a few hours, died. So horrible and daring a crime called forth pas sionate indignation in the public mind. Count Koenigsmarck escaped from London, disguised, to Gravesend, in the hope of hiding on board an outward-bound ship from that place. To add to the suspicion attaching to his disguise and flight lo Graven-end, he had told his acquaintances that he wa« going to Windsor. The Count was appre hended, also the red-handed Borchel and the two other assassins. The four wretches were tried for the murder of Mr. Thynne at the Old Bailey, before Chief Justices Pemberton and North, the Chief Baron Montague, and the Recorder. The result of the trial was that the three hired, brutal asríassins were condemned to death, while the abominable instigator of the cruel murder, by an almost incredible miscarriage of justice, escaped! After his escape the murderer of the husband abe loved endeavored to enter the presence of the Countess of Ogle, but .that lady, fortunately, shud dered at the bare idea of the murderous monster; and we are glad to say that beautiful woman wae reserved for a happier fate than to be the wife of the Infamous Koenigsmarck. Then the human wild beast prowled about Europe, seeking for prey. In the course of his wanderings he visit ed Hanover, and, for his own purposes, paid some attention to the old and ugly mistress of the Elec tor, the Countess Platen, who doubtless supplied tho gambler with money. The Elector's son afterwards King George I. of Great Britain-was married to Sophia Dorothea, a very beautiful and brilliant woman, and, strange to say, the handsome Philip Koenigismarck bad known the Princess in her youth, and there is no doubt that she had been attracted by the handsome and romantic appear ance of the rascal. Count Philip was made Colo nel of Dragoons, and had frequent opportunities of meeting the wife of the Electoral Prince. Her marriage had been a mere State arrangment; the Prince neglected her; she was,.discontented, and unhappy, and she took every opportunity of quar relling with her husband, and telling him so. To add to the danger of the situation, there was the ugly and jealous Countess of Platen, mad with wrath at seeing the evident admiration of the Count tor the Princess. It is hardly possible to imagine a more perilous situation. The old Elector was an easy-going, good- tempered man, but not by any means a fool. He took notice of the situation and waited. Like all men of his daring temperament, CoiiBt Koenigsmarck was imprudent. He did not take the troubU to conciliate the old Countess '>f Pla ten; in fact, he was mad enough to laugh at and insult her. The beautiful Princess, who was blight and witty, made fun of the raddled cheeks, fa se hair, and teeth of the old lady, until fhe v.as "possessed of one idea only-that of revenge. Full of this fixed determination, she watched and waited until she could strike the deadliest blow in her power. She did not wait in vain. From letters written by the unfortunate Prin cess Sophia Dorothea and the Couut, it is clear that she loved him devotedly, and was prepared to fly with him to escape from her hated husband. It is only fair to the Electoral Prince to state that he had nothing to do with the tragic catas trophe which occurred; he was absent from Han over at the time. The day of reckoning had cr-me, and Count Philip Kcenigsmarck could not escape his doom. The two lovers had agreed upon flight; all was prepared, the carriages were ready, the Electoral Prince absent. Both forgot their implacable enemy, the Countess of Platen; doubtless they .were foolish enough to despise her. On the night of Sunday, July 3, 1C94, Koenigs marck paid a long visit to the Princess Sophia Dorothea, in order lo make the last preparations for flight. Of this visit the spies of the Countess Platen informed her. Now was the time, or never. She went to the Elector, told him all she knew, and he ordered the arrest of Koenigsmarck. Four armed guards waited for him in a room he must pass through to leave tho Palace. On the fur ther side of the room was another door, behind which stood the Countess Platen, waiting to glut her soul with the vengeance she had so long hui-gered for. She held the door ajar. Presently Count Philip Koenigsmarck entered the fatal room, buoyant with love and hope, exulting in the thought that in a few hours he would be driving out of Hanover by the side of the woman he loved. The guards advance to arrest him, he c * * his sword with the rapidity of lightning, î. eyes ablaze with the lust cf light; the soldiers close upon him, and one drives his weapon straight through his body, he falls fatally wounded. The Countess Platen advances, and in her mad exulta tion at the fall of the man who had insulted and scorned her, tramples on his mouth with the high heel of her boot. In a few minutes it is all ! over; the magnificent human tiger will prey on men, and befool women no longer. He passed away to render his account. And what was the fate of the poor, passionate Princess, the unhappy victim of state policy, which treats the heart and soul cf a woman as mere pawns in the game cf politics? The four guards v.'io, between them, dispatched Koenigsmarck, '.v Me ordered to be silent, on pain of death. The Princess was reported to be ill in her apartments. What pen would dare to attempt a description of her agony of suspense and fear, terminating in her knowledge of the dire death of her lover. In Ootoner of the same year she was removed to the Castle of Ahlden, and there she, the warm-hearted, passionate, brilliant woman, instinct with vita lity in every nerve, pined for 32 years. She was termed the "Princess of Ahlden," and her hus band was never known to utter her name. The diabolical old witch, the Countess Platen, lived OD until the year 1706. She lost her sight, but legend tells us that in spite of that depriva tion she saw the gloomy ghost of her murdered victim at her solitary bedside in the weary watches of the night. A hundred and eighty years after Philip Koe nigsmarck was thrust into his unknown grave, a Swedish professor discovered a box of letters in the University Library at Upsala, written by PhiliTj and Sophia Dorothea to each other, telling their miserable and tragic story. 