. sm^-satok-'*- ? : ??? ? ? . . .1 . » — . (By E. Phillips Oppenheim, author of 'False ? Evidence/' eta. etc^) CHAPTER XVIL— (Continued.) 'I must confess,'- he said slowly, **tnat you have fascinated pie! You have done more — you have made me see dreams and possibili ties which, set down upon paper, I should have mocked at. Mr. Sabin, I can no longer think of you as a person— you are a person age! We are here alone, and I am as secret as the grave; be so kind as to lift the veil of - your incognito. I can no longer think of you as Mr, Sabin. Who are yon?' /Mr. Sabin smiled a curious smile, and lit a cigarette from the open box before him. 'That,' he said, pushing the box across the table, 'you may know in good time, if, in commercial parlance, we deal Until that point is decided I am Mr. Sabin. I do not even admit that it is an incognito.' 'And vet.' the ambassador said, with a curious lightening jof his face, as though re collection had suddenly been vouchsafed to him, ''I fancy that if I were to call you ? :' Mr. Sabin's protesting hand was stretched across -the table. 'Excuse me,' he interrupted, 'let it remain between us as it is now! My incognito is a necessity for the present. Let it continue to be^— Mr. Sabin! Now,; answer me. ' All has been said that can be said between us. What is ypm? opinion?-' ^ ?*, ?..-.??. The aihtfa'ssador 'rose from his seat, and stood upon the hearthrug with his back to the fire. There was a streak of color upon his sallow cheeks, and his eyes shone brightly underneath bis heavy brows. He had removed his spectacles and was swinging them lightly between his thumb and fore finger. 'I will be frank with you,' he said. 'My opinion is a favorable one. I shall apply for leave of absence to-morrow. In a week all that you have said shall be laid before my master. Such as my personal influence is, it will be exerted on behalf of the acceptance of your scheme. The greatest difficulty will be, of course, in persuading the Emperor of its practicability— in plain' words, that what you say you have to offer will have the im portance which you attribute 'to it.' 'If you fail in that,' Mr. Sabin said, also rising, ' send for me! But, bear this in mind, if my scheme should after all be ineffective, if it should fail in the slightest detail to accom plish all that I claim for it, what can you lose? The uavment is conditional u Don its success: the bargain is all in your favor. I should not offer such terms unless I held certain cards. Remember, if there are difficulties send for me!' 'I will do so,' the ambassador said, as he buttoned his overcoat. 'Now ^give. me a limit of time for our decision.' \ 'Fourteen days,' Mr. Sabin said. 'How I shall temporise with Lobenski so long I cannot tell. But I will give you fourteen days from to-day. It is ample!' The two men exchanged farewells and part ed. Mr. Sabin, with a cigarette between his teeth, and humming now and then a few bars from one of Verdi's operas, commenced to carefully select a bagful of golf clubs from a little pile which stood in one corner of the room. Already they bore signs of consider able use, and he handled them with the care of an expert, swinging each one gently, and hesitating for some time be tween a wooden or a metal putter, and longer still between the Tival claims of a bulger and a flat-headed brassey. At last the bag was full; he resumed his seat? and counted tkem out carefully. 'Ten,'^he said to .himself softly. 'Too many: it looks-amateurish.^'* - -? - Some of the steel heads were a little dull; he took a i-:ece of chamois leather from the pocket of the bag and began polishing them. As they grew brighter he whistled softly to himself. This time the. opera tune seemed to have escaped him; he was whistling the 'Marseillaise!' CHAPTER XVIII. The ambassador, when he left Mr. Sabin's iouse, stepped into a hired hansom and drove off towards Arlington-street. A young man who had watched him come out, from the other side of the way, walked swiftly to the corner of the street and stepped into a private brougham which was waiting there. 'To the Embassy,' he said. 'Drive fast!' The carriage set him down in a few minutes at the house to which Densham and Harcutt had followed Mr. Sabin on the night of their first meeting with him. He walked swiftly into the hall. 'Is his Excellency within?' he asked a tall eervant hi plain dress who came forward to meet Mm. 'Yes, Monsieur Felix.' the man answered; 'he is dining very late to-night— -in fact, he has not yet risen from the table.' 'Who is with him?' Felix asked. 'It is a very small party. Madame la Prin» eesse has just arrived from Paris, and his Ex cellency has been waiting for her.' He mentioned a few more names; there was too one of importance. ^Felix walked into the hall-porter's office and scribbled a few words oh a sheet of paper, which he placed in an en velope and carefully sealed. 'Let his Excellency have this privately and at once,' he said to the man; 'I will go into the waiting- room.' The man withdrew with the note, and Felix crossed the hall and entered a small room near ly opposite. It was luxuriously furnished With easy chairs and divans: there were cigars, and eigarettes, and. decanters up on a round table. . Felix took note of none of these things, nor did he sit down. He stood with his hands behind him, looking steadily into the fire. His cheeks were almost livid, save for a single spot of burning color high np on his cheek bone. His fingers twitched nervously, his eyes were dry and restlessly bright He was evidently in a state of great excitement. In less than two minutes the door opened, and a tall, distinguished-looking man, grey headed, but with a moustache still almost black, came softly into the room.- His breast glittered with ordens, and he was in full court dress. He nsdded kindly to the young man, who greeted him with respect 'Is it anything important, Felix?' he asked. 'You are looking tired.' 'Yes, your Excellency, it is important,' Fe lix answered; 'it concerns the man Sabin.' The ambassador nodded. 'Well,' he said, 'what of Sim? You have not been seeking to settle accounts with him, I trust, after our conversation, and your pro mise?' Felix shook his head. , 'No,' he said. 'I gave my word,, and I shall keep it! Perhaps you may some day re gret that you interfered between- us.' 'I think not,' the prince replied. 'Your services are valuable to me, my dear Felix; and in this country, more than any other, deeds of violence are treated with scant cere mony, and affairs of honor are not ?under- stood. No, I saved you from yourself for my self. Ittwas an excellent thing for both of ? ns.' ... ? ....,, _??..?;.;. ' ' 'I trust,'. Felix repeated, 'that your Excel lency may always think so.. But, to be brief. The renort from Oartiennp is to hand.' The ambassador nodded and listened expec tantly,' .?:.?. ?' ? ?'? .' ?.?;?;???. . ?'? ? .- ? 'He confirms fully,' Felix continued, 'the value of the documents which are in ques tion, . 'jEjiqwiiie obtained access loTinem he does not say, but his report is absolute. He -con-' siders that J^ev justify fully the man Sabin's version ; of . -fhem.' \ The prince ismiled. ?- ... 'My own judgment is verified,' he said. 'I believed in the man from the first It is good. By -&e; Tjy, -have you seen anything of Mr. Sabhr to-day?' ^ ' : - \y'J.' '. 'I have come straight,' Felix said, 'from watching his houSe.' '. ,'???? '? ''.Yes.'' '?..??''. ? ' ' _ ? 'The Baron von Knigenstein has been there alone, incognito, for more than an hour. I watched him go in— and watched him out' The prince's genial smile vanished. His face grew suddenly as dark as thunder. The Muscovite crept out unawares. There was a fierce light in his eyes, and his face was like the face of a wolfj'jyet his, voice when -he spoke was low. '-'?;? ? 'So ho!' he eaid, softly. 'Mr. Sabin is do ing a little flirting, is he? Ah!' 'I believe,' the young man answered slowly, 'that he has advanced still further than that The baron was there for an hour. He came' out walking like a young man. He was in a state of great excitement.' The prince sat down and stroked the side of his face thoughtfully. 'The great elephant!' he muttered. 'Fancy such a creature calling nimself a diplomatist! It is well, Felix,' he added, 'that I had finish ed mjr dinner, otherwise you would certainly have spoiled it. If they have met like this, there is no end to the possibilities of it. I must see Sabin immediately. It ought to be easy to make him understand that I am not to be trifled with. Find out where he is to- night, Felix; I must follow him.' Felix took up his hat 'I will be back,' hesaiS, 'in half an hour.' The prince, returned to his goests, and Felix drove off. When he returned hi9 chief was waiting for him alone. 'Mr. Sabin,' Felix announced, 'left town Oialf an hour ago.' 'For abroad!' the prince exclaimed, with flashing eyes. 'He has gone to Germany!' Felix shook his bead. 'On the contrary,' he said, -'he has gone down into Norfolk to play golf.' 'Into Norfolk to play golf!' the prince re peated in a tone of scornful wonder. 'Did you believe a story like that, Felix? Rub bish!' Felix smiled slightly. 'It is quite true,' he said. 'Labanoff makes no mistakes, and he saw him leave his heuse, take his ticket at King's Cross, and actually leave the station.' 'Are you sure that it is not a blind?' the prince asked, incredulously. Felix shook his head. 'It is quite true, your Excellency,' he said. 'If you knew the man as well. as I do, you would not be surprised. He is indeed a very extraordinary person — he does these sort of things. Besides, he wants to keep out of the way.' The prince's face darkened. 'He will find my way a little hard to get out of,' he eaid, fiercely. 'Go and get some dinner, Felix, and then try and find out whe ther Knigenstein has any notion of leaving England. He will not trust a matter like this tp . correspondence. Stay — I know how to manage it I will write and ask him to dine here next week. You shall take- the invita tion.' 'He will be at Arlington-street' Felix re1 ^marked. 'Well, you can take it on to ftirn there,' the prince directed. 'Go first to his house and ask for his whereabouts. They will tell you Arlington-street You will not know, of course, the contents of the letter you carry; your instructions werSusimply to deliver it and get an answer. Good! you will do that' The prince, while he talked, was writing the note. ? Felix thrust it into his pocket and. went out. In less than half an hour he was back. The baron had returned to the German Embassy unexpectedly before going to Arlington-street, and Felix had caught him there. The prince tore open the answer, and read it hastily through. 'The German Embassy,' 'Wednesday Evening. 'Alas! my dear prince, had 1 been able, no thing could have given me so much pleasure as to have joined your little party, but unfor tunately, this wretched climate, which we both so justly loathe, has upset my throat again, and I have too much regard for my life to hand myself over to the English doc tors. Accordingly, all being well, I go to Berlin to-morrow night to consult our own justly famea Dr. Steinlaus. 'Accept my dear prince, this expression of my most sincere regret, and believe me, yours most sincerely, 'Karl von Knigenstein.' 'The doctor whom he has gone to consult is no man of medicine/' the prince said thought fully. 'He has gone to the Emperor.' CHAPTER XIX. 'Lord Wolfenden?' He laughed at her surprise, and took off his cap. He was breathless, for he had been scrambling up the steep side of the hill on which she was standing, looking steadfastly out to sea. Down in the valley from which he had come a small boy with a bag of golf clubs on his back was standing making imaginary swings at the ball which lay before him. 'I saw you from below,' he explained. 'I couldn't help coming up. You don't mind?' 'No; I am glad to see you,' she said simply. 'You startled me, that's all. I did not hear you coming, and I had forgotten almost where I was. I was thinking.' He stood by her side, his cap still ha his hand, facing the strong sea wind. Again he was conscious of that sense 'of extreme plea sure which had always marked his chance meetings with her. This time he felt per haps that there was some definite reason for it There was something in her expression, -when she had turned so swiftly round, which seemed to tell Hum that her first words were not altogether meaningless. She was looking a little pale, and he fancied also a little sad. There was an expressible wistfulness ? about her soft, dark eyes; the light and charming gaiety of her manner, so jan-English and so at tractive to him. had given place to quite ano ther mood. Whatever her thoughts might !have been when he first. saw her there, her tall, slim figure outlined so clearly against the abrupt sky line, they were at all events scaree ly pleasant ones. He felt that his sudden ap pearance had not been unwelcome to her, and he was unreasonably pleased. 'You are still all alone,' he remarked. 'Has Mr. Sabin not arrived?' She shook her head. 'I am all alone, and I am fearfully and miserably dull. This place does not attract me at all— not at this time of the year. I have not heard from my uncle. He may be here at any moment.' ' - There was no time like the present He was suddenly bold/ It was an opportunity which might never be vouchsafed to him again. 'May I come with you— a little way along tbe cliffs?' he asked. She looked^at him and hesitated. More than ever he was aware of some subtle change in her. It was as though her mental attitude to wards him had adapted Itself in some way to this new seriousness of ; demeanor. It was written in her feature^-h&eyjes; read it eager ly. A certain aloofness, almost hauteur, about the lines of her. month, creeping out even- in her most careless tones, and plainly manifest hi the carriage- of iier. head, was ab sent ;r She seemed immeasurably nearer to . him. She was softer 'and. ''more womanly. Even toer voice ha its jifew-and more delicate notes betrayed the change^ -Perhaps it was only.ampod, yet he wouldtake advantage of itJb-.-'. ' ? ?????-.?:^'i. ' ?? -=?? 'Wiiat about your golf ?' ske said, motion ing down into the valley where his antagonist was 'waiting. .iV' ??':-? ;?'. 'Ob, I can easily arrange that' he declared cheerfully- , 'Fortunately^! was playing the professional, and he williotmind leaving off.' He waved to his caddie, and scribbled a few lines on tae -back of a card. ; : .. : .' ?.?''. .'?*..?' .- ; . ~_. ? / ''Give that to M'Pherson,*' he eaid. 'You can dean my clubs and put them in my locker. I shall not be playing again this morning.' The boy disappeared down the hill. They stdod for, a moment side by side. 'I have spoilt your game,' she said. 'lam sorry.' 'He laughed. ' s 'I think you know,' he said boldly, 'that 1' would rather spend five minutes with you than a day at golf.' She moved on with a smile at the corners of her lips. . 'What a downright person you are!' she said. 'But honestly, to-day I am not in the mood to be alone. I am possessed with an uneasy spirt of sadness. I am afraid of my thoughts.' 'I am only sorry,' he said, 'that you should have any that are not happy ones. Don't you think perhaps that you are a little lonely? You seem to have so few friends.' 'It is not that,' she answered. 'I have many and very dear friends, and it is only for a little time that I am separated from them. It is simply that I am not used to solitude, and I am becoming a creature ; of moods and presentiments. It is very foolish that I gave way to them; but to-day I am miserable. You must stretch out that strong hand of yours, my friend, and pull me up.' 'I will do my best' he said. 'I am afraid I cannot claim that there is anything in the shape of affinity between us; for to-day I am particularly nappy.' She met his eyes briefly, and looked away seawards with the ghost of a sorrowful smile upon her Dps. Her words sounded like a' warning. 'Do not be sure,' she said. 'It may not last' 'It will last' he said, 'so long as you choose. For to-day you are the mistress of my mood!' 'Then I am very sorry for you,' she said, earnestly. He laughed it off, but her words brought a certain depression with them. He went on to speak of something' else, 'I liave .been thinking about you this morn ing,' he eaid. 'If your uncle is going to play golf here, it will be very dull for you. Would you care for my mother to come and see you? She would be delighted, I am sure, for it is dull for her too, and she is fond of young people. If you ? ' He stopped short. She was shaking her head slowly. The old despondency was back in her face. Her eyes were full of trouble. She laid her delicately gloved fingers upon his arm. 'My friend,' she said, ' it is very kind of you to think of it— but it is impossible. I cannot tell you why as I would wish. But at present I do not desire any acquaintances. I must not, in fact, think of it. It would give me great pleasure to know your mother. Only I must not. Believe me that it is impossible.' Wolfenden was a little hurt— a good deal mystified. It was a very odd thing. He was not in the least a snob, but he knew that the visit of the Countess of Deringham, whose name was still great in the social world, was not a thing to be refused without grave rea sons by a girl in the position of Mr. Sabin'e niece. The old question came back to him with an irresistible emphasis. Who were these people? He looked at her furtively. He was an observant man in the small details of a woman's toilette, and he knew that he had never met a girl better turned out than his present companion. ' The cut of her tailor made 'gown was perfection, her gloves and boots could scarcely have come from anywhere but Paris. She carried herself too with a per fect ease and indefinable distinction which could only have come to her by descent She was a perfect type of the woman of breeding —unrestrained, yet aristocratic to the tips of her finger-nails. He sighed as he looked away from her. ? -(To be continued.) 