The Bream Greek Rush, OR . MY FIRST TRIP TO A DIGGINGS, WITH jj, ADVENTURES BY THE WAY. (Br " Hootr PINE.") ^ Bin the summer of 1869, with the discovery of gold in New Zealand fresh in our minds, there was little wonder at the etir in JEobart when in the MEBODBY and, the then TAB- MANIAN TIMES appeared the startling announcement of a great gold discovery at Bream Creek, which, besides putting all Tasmania in a ferment, was flashed acrosa the straits and promptly came ont aa biasing leaders in the papers of the golden cities of Victoria, causing some of the ever-roving w n a gold seekers to start immediately for what appeared to be the Eldorado of the sunny South. Roads not being then good in the district, the question'whether it wonld be quicker to <Ro by land or by water was settled by a party of nine of us deciding to make the passage by boat to EaBt Bay Neck via Ralph's Bay, instead of going round by the Iron Pot Lighthouse. In the full belief that it was a "genuine find" at Bream Creek, we lost no time in getting an old whale boat equipped jfor the voyage, end loaded her with dishes, picks, Bhovels, tents, and provisions. Several of the crew having had gold-digging experience, choae as captain the latest treasure-, seeker from New Zealand. Eager were we^ for the field, as with a parting cheer from out town friends we pulled off in onr whale boat from Battery Point on a lovely summer evening at seven o'clock. Our crew numbering nine and the boat pulling five oars with a Bteerer, always left three for a relay. Although when in (he old country I had often heard accounts of the gold fever, and ^nesaed in the early fifties the great excitement occasioned by the receipt of letters from, and the departure of shiploads of passengers for the gold fields of Australia, it was in this adventure that I witnessed for the first time the reality of a gold fever excitement. With light hearts and jokes passing round, we bad not pulled a mile from the shore when one of the party, whom for shortness we shall call Joe (and who besides being an old digger hsd seen service afloat), suddenly eased pulling the bow oar. "I am cooked,", said he. " What, sea-sick ?" asked the skipper, who was at the rudder. "Sea-sick !" exclaimed the,hand at the tub oar (the Bea was like a mill-pond). " Too old a sailor for that!" replied the stroke-oar. "Joe's the' oldest soldier in the boat," said one of the relays, fcho then took the idle oar as Joe with a gasp and a sigb lay down. But although 1 joking was treely passing round, there WBB no mistake when Joe ao suddenly gave ap bis oar." His attack was the gold fever. It will be readily understood how we; as new chums, bound for a new rush, were up daring our first pull of nine miles by building castles, in onr imagination ; the more so as some of the old diggers told us of their adventures, and the rich patcbea they had struck at Bellarat and Bendigo, and shortly before this of their experiences on the fields of Waitahnna and Gabriel's Gully, combined wiLh stories of hair-breath escapes in crossing flooded rivers, or in evading some of the gangs of desperadoes who invested Victoria in the early gold days. It was now dark, and onr pull of nine miles bad brought us near the landing place at Ralph's Bay Neck, when, to our surprise, the boat grounded on a flat half a mile from the shore, it-being then low water. It was here the metal of which the crew was composed was put to the test Fortunately they were used to roughing it, being by trade shipwrights, with seamanship and gold-digging experience thrown in.' " Well, boys," Baid the skipper, " aB the .ffiM is kind of water-soddened and heavy, there is nothing for it but to off boots and • lug everything ashore." She's enough when empty for us to drag on skids across tne Neck." Just then Joe looked over the gunwale, and getting a glimpBe of the distant beach through the darkness groaned aloud. As it was evident he was no better, two o' hecrew, who were stout of aim, made smili' work of landing him on the beach. Every properly-equipped party is supposed to carry a bottle of spirits for use in case of accident, and our invalid, knowing all the. wrinkles, thought we would be no exception to the rule; so the medicine bottle .bad to be opened for him, after which he proved himself useful as a lamp barrier. The boat proving heavier than we thought, the drag over the Neck was a laborious one, and it was midnight before we reached the Frederick Henry side. Then we decided to await day- Jight before launching out on the deep. Sleep ' being out of the question, a fire was lighted and the billy slung, as it was needfnl to strengthen the inner man, not only to make up for past exertion but to fit us for the hard work before us. At this stage the savory smell from the frying-pan put new life into Joe, who began to relate some of hie thrilling ^haling 'adventures, for be had been an officer on one of the ships of our whaling fleet. Some .of the farmers at a distance had heard, seen, and wondered what the noise and moving about of lights meant, for in this -locality, as a rule, quietness reigned supreme. But when the diggers' ta-too on the tin dishes commenced, it aroused and drew the yeomen from all quarters. They approached carefully, not knowing—as they afterwards said— whether we were a runaway crew from a whaler or eecapeeB from Port Arthur. At daybreak we launched out on Frederick Henry Bay, hoping for a land breeze at sunrise to give ua a lift across the bay, bnt in this we were disappointed, as tbe sun rose in all his glory without the wished-for aid, foreshadowing a hot day ; the long, heavy pull before us would not have been very cheering, but that we were bound for the diggings. All who have witnessed such a sunrise, on such a morning, from tbe middle of Frederick Henry Bay, know that one might as well attempt to paint the lily as try to describe the panorama that stretched before us. It was simply magnificent With South Arm, Lidy Franklin, and Bruni Islands to the est and south; Sorell and Carlton to the orth ; East Bay Neck, our Eldorado, right head, with Norfolk Bay and Teaman's Peninsula to the south-east, a picture was formed which would be hard to equal. Many a poor fellow has been sent there for very little," says bow oar, looking towards Port Arthur. "You are right," 'remarks stroke, "for when I was carpenter of the Lady Franklin, Government bark, afterwards called the Emily Downing—and which now, after trading for some years as a whaler, is utilised as a powder hulk.pff Government House—and had to do with them, I found a fine lot qf men apiong ttftm. Many got seven years from home fot taking an active part in what would now be called an excitable election meeting." At this point a paragraph of a poem by T. K. Henry on "The Convict Ship " came to my memory, and which to suit the occasion I recited:— " Who, as be watches her silently gliding, Remembers that wave after wave is dividrjig Bosoms that Borrow and guilt cannot sever, Hearts that are parted and broken for ever." "Land ahead I" shouted tbe captain, as the old jetty at East Bay Neck came in sight. On reaching the jetty no time was lost in landing onr kit; and so full of hope and eager for the field were we, that with one voice we decided to eat our breakfaBt of ship biscuit and salt beef while on the tramp. But before setting out for the diggings, which were about seven miles off, it was suggested we shonld call at tbe neighboring hotel to get a lemonade and discover the lay of the land. Here it was we got the first inkling that all was not square with regard to the gold. The only person who appeared at the hotel was the landlady, who, on hearing where we were bound for, smiled a peculiar smile as much as to say, " I could save them a long and fruitless walk if I liked to speak." Whether the landlord purposely kept out of sight on seeing ns approach (especially when he saw Joe, who now assumed a ferocious appearance, with a coil of rope on his arm, which looked rather suggestive, especially as there were trees bandy) was best known to himself. On our regaining the road the captain said: "Boys, I hope I am mistaken, but that ' ghost of a grin' from that daughter of Eve tells me there's a screw looae. Howisver, lads, conspiracy though it may be, we'll see tbe ground and so satisfy ourselves." "Hear, hear," chorused all bands, Joe remarking that if it was a plot be would like to yard-arm some of tbe conspirators. So, "onward " being the word, we set out in heavy marching order, and in due course reached the spot on which we had built such high hopes, where we found a few holes had been sunk, but that all work was now suspended. From about a dozen men who were banging round we learned the whole thing was a hoax, a fact which our old diggers soon proved. Jnst then a party of friends, alao from Hobart, and who bad left two days before ns by horse and spring cart, arrived, men and beast tired and travel-worn. The news we had to give them did not add improvement to their looks, and little wonder, as they had been wrecked twice in crossing gullies, and jn order to ease the horse had walked most of the way. A council was now held by all new arrivals, when we proclaimed a modified Lynch law, deciding that if we could ley hqnds on the plotters to either frighten the lives out of them by running them up to the Hmb of a tree, or marching them back to the bay and half-drowning them in the mud. On looking round we saw what we then took to be two of the rascails, who had probably overheard ont conversation and did not like the look ot things, running off, with Joe (who bad in-the meantime made a running nooBe on the end of a rope) after them like a shot They bad not run far when, like stags at bay, -they were brought up standing by a muddy creek. This was Joe's chancy but they, seeing that the look on bis face was not to be mistaken, with a yell made a running leap to cross tbe ditch, Onr hero was just in time to give one of them a smart stroke with the rope's endj which caused the miscreant to misjudge bis-leap and drop ahort, nearly out of sight in theelnsb. Joe made several attempts to'lasso him, »hile he, docking and scrambling, reached the other bank a picture to behold. While Joe was in the middle of the cbase our attention was attracted by a man on horseback emerging from a bend on the road, who bad evidently taken in tbe situation at a glance. He came ridingto ward's us, calling out tbe while to Joe, in a voice which it was evident had been used to"command, "Give it to the lubber, lad, lay it 09 hot" "Why, it's Captain C——n," said one of crew ; "he anchored down here not long since." The veteran came cantering up to the camp in a style peculiar to sailors, and being an old favorite with all of ns, the hand-shaking was hearty." " Joe," said he, " I'd ha ve given something to have seen you bring the ropes end to beur on those chaps, because if tbere is anything I bate on this side of Jordan it iB fraud" " However," he added, " I'll run across their bows yet before I'm done with them. Glad as I am to see you my tars, yet to have you brought down here by a' canard,' I feel it as much as if I bad been one of you. Anyhow,- we'll trust -for better Inck some day." " Captain," said our Bkipper," " Just to make you tbink you are on the briny once more, join us in a square meal of biscuit and Bait junk." -"That I will my sons," replied the cap- tain. Regretting that we had to part company so soon with our esteemed genial old ocean ranger, whose parting words were, using his old India Bilk the while, " kind regards to all Hobart friends,'' we set out on our homeward jonrney. On reaching tbe boat no time was lost in embarking, as the light and tair sea breeze was too great a boon to lose. Setting every stitch of canvas we could 'raise,-' including an improved sqaaresail" out of the tent, we shaped our course for the Iron Pot, intending to make the passage by sea, after our experience in boat dragging across the neck.- So spinning merrily along, cracking jokes and telling of days that were long gone by, we had just opened out into Frederick Henry Bay, when one of tha crew sang out, "Whale, 0!" "There she spouts 1" This to Joe was what the sound of tbe cannon iB to the old war horse. Two leaps and he WOB for'ard, knocking the billy off the fire pot, in his haste. " Lny me on !" cried Joe, while he hauled an old harpoon eut of the locker ; and to handle the boat more readily we. took in sail and manned tbe oars. "Give me a show at her shoulder," said Joe, "and whatever you do (to the steerer) keep clear of her tail." To such of us as had never seen a whale at close quarters before the adventure in expectation caused intense excitement On nearing the whale, and pulling as if for our lives, we were startled by Joe shooting down his harpoon, saying, with disappointment expressed in his countenance, "Itis only a sulphur-bottom," and not worth striking," a conclusion with which the sea monster evidently coincided, for she sank immediately, and did not rise again until miles away, " Disappointments will happen," said onr skipper, when giving the order to make all sail, which was done with alacrity, and the boat again beaded for tbe lighthouse, yet six mileB off. The day was hot and the wind light, bnt there was an ominous heaviness in tbe appearance ot the surrounding)! that betokened something different would proceed from another quarter. So with the idea of doubling tbe lighthouse before the' change came we took to the oars in addition to the sails, but had not gone far when simultaneously with the captain remarking up<>n the appearance of a small black cloud rising in the sonth there came suddenly down "Upon us a "buster" from that quarter, and so'heavy that we had todown with ihesqnaresail, reef the mainsail, and bear away for Ralph's Bay Neck, our crossing place of the mgbt before. After half an hour's battling with a nasty broken sea, of which we took more than enough on board to lie safe, we again beached onr clipper, and found that our whaling exploit and subsequent handling of the boat when tbe "buster" struck us had been eagerly watched from the shore by the folk we had arroused from their slumber the previous evening. They >>ad thoughtfully lighted a large fire, and th< re. ve camped for some time exchanging ezperien -"H nnrt making merry. After this we accepted the kind offer of the residents to help UB i<i dragging our craft across the Neck, launching it into Ralph's Bay, and reloading it with our baggage. The wind having lulled, thre>* ringing huzzas were given _ by our friends ; we returned them with interest, and a course was Bhaped for home once more. So laborious and incessant bad been tbe toil for the past thirty hours, that moBt of us kept dropping off to sleep while pulling. Thus ended, although in smoke, yet so full of incidents, one of the most stirring episodes of our' lives. We had again proved what so many bad done before " All ia not gold that glitters." ' 