FIRST DAY. The twenty-fifth South Australian Annual Conference of the Australasian Methodist Church was begun in Pirie-Htreot Church 011 Tuesday afternoon. The attendance of ministers and lay representatives was fairly largo. The opening meeting was termed a Con ference Convention, the central theme of which was the deepening of spiritual life. The Kov. JI. T. Burgess, who is President of the Australasian General Conference, presided, and addresses were given by hiin and the Itovs. 0. H. lngainells and VV. T. iliatt. After a loason of prayer and singing Mr. Burgess read the introductory verses to the Acts of • the Apostlos giving Christ's last promise to His disciples. H° hoped that afternoon the whole assembly would be charged with spiritual power for service, sanctification, and joy. Mr. I.NuAMKf.Ls dwelt upon the power of the Holy Spirit as an element of sorvice, saying that the permanent gift of the Spirit had never been taken away, despite t,hp fact that the Spirit had. been so often grieved. The pur pose for which the divine promise had been given before Christ's ascension had not been fully realized, for Christ's witnesses bad not' gone to the uttermost ^rarts of the oarth. The speaker pointed out the functions of the -Holy- Spirit,...ivJiich jvas " the ad-_ "Thinistrator of God's Kingdoh on eafVli, and" which also claimed the right to fill, actuate, control, and guide the people of God. _Tiic reception of the Holy Spirit was the only equipment for service. Mr. Hiatt, speaking on spiritual power as affecting character, said die mission of the Holy Spirit was the con suming of all moral 'filth. "They '.voro~to hp. baptized with fire that their character might be cleansed front all impurities. Another effect of the possession of apintual yiower was the assimilation of charac ter to tiro Spirit of God. The Hev. G. W." KkmYrew 'addressed tho gathering on spiritual -powor as -ft blessing to jonjoy, ThaChuroh of to- day w«s —confronted with problems larger and mora fateful than any that their forefathers knew. The Church's call to work was as loud as ever,andthe work needing to be done had to be done by ordinary Christians endowed with extraordinary power. The believer's strengthlay in -heart,-Oharac? ter, lifejjove. Love was enjoyment and love was power. To love was to Jive. The power -of^the-floIy- Ghost-moant-for—its-possessora JbeJIoubleblbssing of'joy and peace. n-tlie eveningaConferenoeqirayeiuneetiiig was held. Afterwards the business of the" Conference wasprooeeded-with. Pirio-ntroefc Church was crowded. In the absence through illness of the- retiring President, -the-Rev, j. z "Berry, -the-chair was occupied -by -his imme- - diate predecessor, the Rev. F. C.Thomas. TinT Retiring President's Address. \- The Chairman read tho -addres3 of the ; retiringPresident, tho Rev. Joseph Berry, who, in the course of his remarks said:—The great event of the year in Aus tral ianMathod ism was the meeting of pie General Conference which assembled in Auckland last November. -We wore greatly honoured in tho fact that._one of our own ministers -was-solected-Ior tbo Presidential ] chair, and we all congratulate tho Rev.U. T.~ Burgess upon the appomtmont, and also upon j the ethcieht manner in whicU_he discharged j tho-duties-of that exalted office. Since the ! Jastileneral Conference in 1894 there has been j a steady increase in tlie'numerical strength of j the Church in jiaclioftho liyoGoiiferenccs re- ) presented! Attendants upon public worship \ navo incroasod from 455,871 to 480,320—an increase of more than 30.000. Our members I jiftveJncrease3-frbm-84.lG4-tD-91.011. We bad 1 then 045 ministers; now we have 007. Our increase of members has not only kept pace with-the increase of population in the colo nios, but has steadily^ gained , upon it. In our own Conference wo have mode soma progress duriug the last year. As compared with twelve months ago wo report 130 more members, 378 more-catechumens, 229 more active Christian EndeavourerH, 2,507" more attondants__upon-4)uhlic worship, and 1,100 -more Sunday-scholars, y -These arc -cheering nguresin these trying years of drought and I -depression, with shrinking resources, and, in some places, with a dwindling and discou raged pupTilati on. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. By a very decisive vote thcfGeneral Confe rence granted the request of our brethren in the West for soparatiorTfrom us in the yea'r 1900. This will reduce our numerical strength by 22 roiniBtors, ^1,403 members, 4,231 Sunday scholars, and 11,357 attendants on public wor- : ship. We shall feel it all the more because this is the part of our Conference where our work is most progressive and moBt clastic. J METHODIST UNION. | Speaking" about Methodist Union Mr, | [ Berry said:—"The resolution which passed | the Goneral-Conference-shows that tho mind -of the Church on this question is^ibsolutoly made up,— Wo trust -that other reli gious bodies -at work in South land Western Australia will have too "much honour—too true a sense of what is fair and .fitting—to try and ftiako capital out of our changing condi tions by planting new Churches where tho work of God can be better done by fewer Churches and stronger. Wo are sure that the Christian sentiment and the Christian con science of tho public are with us in our desire Ho—wipe- put—needless sectarian- divisions, especially in scattered and impoverished com munities. My own conviction is that bora,, "as "in Canaday uttTorr- wi1i~i)o~~"aceoiir panied and followed by a great accession of spiritual life and power. \- HUN PAT-SCHOOLS. - — The last Conference appointed tho Rev. W.... G. Clarke as General Secretary of Sunday -schoolsi Mr. Clarke entered upon his work with characteristic zeal and ability, and has more thun justified tho appointment. Many a young ]ifeji,vflj>c«'_n yielded-to Christ ns the result of tho revived zeal that Mr. Clarke has dohVso much to promoted Tt is impossible to exaggerate the importance of this department of the Church's work. Whon the cry is raisod, How-to reach tho masses, "-we should-neyer forget that wo had most of them once in our Sunday-Roll jols, but somehow they hav© filippod away. -Tbuiirst- rcquisito x>f-progress, is to keep the gains we have, and this should he our aim. Our tens of thousandRof Sunday school children ought to send throughout tho land a stream of pure young life, and doubtless dooa this; yet there is urgent need that our work among the young should bo more thorough and lasting. From many quarters we hear of tho steady increase of crime among childron. Mr. Justice Bundey lately said that "the frequency-with which youths carao before him charged with burglary was alarming," and that " we wore in danger of becoming a nation of youthful thieves." Those strong words are more than j ju3tifie(1~lry~faols^ Somcthing1ras~boen done" by theGovcrnrnent during the year to remedy this, which will surely tell in time, and which demands the irratoful recognition of tho Church. I refer to tho legislation wiiich nns shut up the tote-shops and made juvenile gambling criminal. Our children have a butter environment now, and fewer temptations. Wo are unspeakably thank ful for this; but arc not satisfied. Thoughtful observers seo in many direction?, impatience of restraint, increasing irroVeronoe, growing disregard of the Sabbath. The Church must not bo content to deplore, but must be resolved to grapplo with it. We must bond our consecrated cnorgics upon the salvation of the children. CIRCUIT VISITATION. During liis Presidency Mr. Berry visited thirty - three Circuits and home - mission stations—including a few belonging to the Bible Christians and Primitive Methodists— and preached, and lectured, and spoke scores of timos, aud travelled about 5.000 miles. 0 WANTED—A REVIVAL. The crying need of our Church to-day, said the speaker, is a revival within the Church itself. I am so convinced of this that I do not want to hear of any great evangelistic movement until the Church is fit to undertake it. Wo are suffering from what I shall venture to call "ecclesiastical heart disease." Vitality is low at the centre. Our classes are languishing to the vergeo of extinction. In many Circuits there is hardly any- serious attempt to meet them. in many a congregation I could name, if an awakened sinner sought to join the Church, he would discover that there was no living Church to join nothing but a list of names of persons to whom mombership implies no sense of privilege, or duty, or responsibility. Nothing that has been discovered yet has superseded— nothing, I believe, will over supersede—the old Methodist class meeting. Mr. Berry also entered an earnest appeal for the monthly Church meeting. The society meeting, he said, like_the Jovefc.ast, had faded into the past, and thoChurch meet, in;; was fitted to re. tain jhebeatelerirorjtsqfbtnlrrwitii something added. virr to ¥ht/fTiuftcrt. " Wo want, ho continued, a revived sense of duty to tho Church. Tho Church, instead of boing ■firstfbh tho lint of -claimants -for the six nights of the wool:, is now tho last. Tho claims of Sunday attendance are still recognised, hut that is all. Wc have large Churches in which any week-night gathering you can devise. We have thousands of young people who call themselves Motliodists, who iiave passed through our Sunday schoQls-and passed out of them, who never dream of putting their hand "to any Church work, or even—of-cont:ibuting any of thoir own money to Church funds. From sMiSeripttondiata for loealCburch ; objects, or home and foreign missions, the names of tbo wago-earning- coraptouousby theirabMnce.Theirjnoneygoes where their heart is—in pleasures and amuse ments. 1 he best of these young men will help nutaidfljinstitutions.jiioh. Joriexample, ftB the Young Mens Christian^ Association. And we are glad and thankful when they do. But Jro-are_noither_g]ad jpj tjliaiikluJ when th«y substitute even suchTi goodything-as -that-feir tnoir Ghurcb, andleayethoir ownpastora -to i » _ * - -— * yfy v" u paoiimo vt/ sigh and yoarrnn vain for such help as youth ' ~~*and enthusiasm-which -belongs to vouth— alono can render. As we note those things we ask, Where aye_tlio successors of the de a j PUCCCCSUra OI tflfl voted men-and^womcn^v-ho Jaid tho Jaunda tioii8 of our South Australian Church? t-CIHUSTIAN ENDEAVOUB1SM ^ortbgChristifln jiindeavoannoveSentwe ^liank God. Its watchword, " For Christ and . the_ Church,-" expresses exactly the sort -of I revival we need. In many ayoungheart itjs rekindling the old fire. But even this move I ment-does not adequately meet tho case. For | one fcjiing, it neods to be carefully watched and i guided lost it drift into " EndeaVourisni," and -set up a new class of ~intorestsf4nstead -of -putting new life in those which already oxflt, We flhftll do well to give this Jubvemezifc ovory encouragement in our power, and wo can "guide it into right channels^ if only we are wise enough to do it." But this movement docs not; and cannot, cover the whole ground. _ All ouf young peoplo do not, and will, not, i0,n. " 't* Many of these who are uppermost in—my mincfc iust_ now — who belong to our oldest and most prosperous lamihos—stand stiffly aloof from it. The case wlImoHbe-mot- by_any_ela»8 or section within the Church -rekindling tho old fire—we want it to burn from the very centre to-the circum ference of t he- "Church- itself.—IHt b rcP not been for tho^declousion of which I speak, and the needed revival, Mothodism would have /to j *W° nee^ Endeavour movement. H)ld- Mothodism had every essential feature of the Endeavour movement—personal -witness aiid sorvico, with a large and living catholicity towards all those who " lovo our Lord Jesus Christ 111 sincerity and in truth."- — = - KfiVJVJCP OFFICIALS. In conclusion, Mr. Barry pleaded for a revi ved-interust -ju.tlie Church on Lho part of the oflioe - bearers. If, _ ho said, our Church machinery is faithfully worked in a spirit of loving and loyal co-operation, the minister is sot free for tho great objects to which his life is devoted—to these lie can give his undivided .energies—and ho knows that all his helpers are equally faithful, and that notlyng is neglected;- ■■. , • - Have we -nofc: hundreds of gentlemen "who hold office in our Church courts who do noj put jn an atten dance onoe a year? Many of our Circuit and other debts -are not tho—result— of the poverty of our people or their inability to_ give. Such explanations are often "simply ridiculous. Kmbarrass Jug debts are the. .result of neglect on the part of those who should see to the income being raised at tlicrpropor time and through the proper channels. By-and-by a load of debt accumulatcs,~and when a meeting 13 called to consider it two-thirds-of those who ought to he there "forget," or "do not fool well," or "have another engagement," and the one-third who are thore can think of nothing but tlio minister getting up what are caljed "specials," or going rouud-to<;oileet-it, orThetter still, writing off his part of it as a bad debt and leaving.the -Circuit without -the stipend which was his dm;,—and po-.wil.fy leaving thu place in debt. Tlio ministor dare not complain. Ho would be called a "hire ling" and " inoney-grubbor" if he did. . . . "What I feel most is hot that our ministers aro money out of pookot it- is That their life's work is in a largo degree spoiled, and thu whole Church suffers. Many a minister is blamed because "he is not doing better," when ho is harassed, and worried, and -hindered by attempting the impossible task of doing Jii.s. own work and that of half tlio members and olfico-hearers in addition. HKSon;no,v or M'-jcathv. Th6Ttcv;"jrdl."srirrMriis.siraTirovod=^''That this Conference assures the President., the Itev.-rf. Berryrof Our deep sympathy with him on- fns-8tiffering,—cf-our-hope-for—bis-^Bpitody rccovcry, of tho regret we have for his J absence, and of the pleasure with which wo , have listenod to the words ho lias sent us in I his address." The Kov. R. S. Cahity seconded the motion, which was carried nnanimously. EI.KCTJOM or I'll ESI llE-Vf. Tho names of all tlio ministers of fiftcon years' standing who were eligible for the offico of President woro read, after which the olection of President was proceeded with by ballot. Tlio result was announced as follows: -Informal 1, W. If, 11 an ton 1, W. II. Rofe , J. I). Langsford 1, V. Roberts], W. B. ], Mather 3. J. (Jowperthwaitn .'4, .1 Trevovrow 4,1. Rooney 4, ,1. Leggoe 7, C. II. IiigamelliT !»,R. S. Casoly 30, and \V. A. Langsford 41. As the election had to lie by absolute majority of the votes cast a-second ballot was taken, with tho following result:—R. S. Casely '.HI, W. A. Langsford 71. The Rev. W. A. Langsford was then declared duly elected. The Chajrmav cordially welcomed the newly elected ('resident, to tbo chair, and delivered to him tlio Conference I5il>le--the seal of office. Ho wished him a successful year. I ho Rov. W. A. Lan'ohkoed, received with applause, returned thanks for bis election. Ho took tbo position with fear and trembling, remembering as he did tho great and good man who had filled the position during the past year. Remembering his predecessors' many qualifications for the officio it was no wonder that -ho was to some extent fearful that lie had to follow him. Looking back over bis life ho had nothing but words of grati tude to cxpross to Almighty God. His manner of life from youth was known'to nearly all the fathers and brethren in this Conference. His j father,^ grandfather, and great-grandfather , woro all members of the Wcslnyan Methodist I Church. I or that reason alone it was no ; wonder that he" had a strong fooling of pur | sonal attachment to tho Vveslcyan Methodist J Church. Ho was tlio first candidate for the ministry received by tho .South Australian Conference^'" and therefore tlio first of the candidates .so. received to come to the Presidential office.' (Applause.) Tie folt no personal worth-moss or fitness for the position, but Im had the consolation of knowing that tlio sauio God who hail helped everyone of his predecessors would not fail him in the hour of need. He asked for their prayers and sympathy, and hoped that the year upon which they were entering would Ixa bright and happy. (A ppknise.) Hie Rev. C. II. Ingamells was elected Secretary, receiving fil votes. The Rev. R. Kelly was appointed Letter-writer -to tho Conference, the Rev. \V. II. Hanton Con ference Treasurer, and the Re.vs. T. A. Thomas, M. A., and T. A. James woro elected Assistant-Secretaries. The following is tho first reading of sta tions :— I.—-.Sor.Tjr.EEN DrsTnrcT. Adelaide, Pirie-streot, Bobert S. Casely, George E. Whoatlcy (Urapor Memorial), \v! Benson 'Mather (Mile-End). Walter JJ, \- -Hanton =tBarksidiq4 Adelaide. Areher street. John Oowpcrthwaite* ft.A., .fohn Leggoe'(Prospect.), Thomas Lloyd, '.Super numerary ; Adelaide Kent Town, Joseph Berry Samuel Cutlibert. (Payneham), James Rearl (East Adelaide), Supernumerary, d'irfward Barber (Hackneyt. •SuiJOcnumctaryL; .Prince Alfred College: Adelaide, Norwood and Magill__ Robert Kelly, Charles Lan« (Magill), Charles H. Goldsmith (Kensing ton!,— Thomas Edmeodes (Evan dale), Supernumeraries; Adelaido. Brompton, . William Reed; Unley, Henry T. Burgess; Glenelff,Paul O. Thomas; Port .Adelaide and-*. Semapbordr J. Bunting Stephenson (Semaphore), Thomas A; -Jamef (Port Adelaide), Albert Stubbs (Semaphore), Supernumerary; Gumeracha. Augustus " D. ■Bennett; WiHunga, William—Ht—Rofe; Clarendon, Isaac — Rooney ; A1 dgate—and — Summertoivn, William J.Mdrtimer; Mount Barker, James Allen; Murray Bridge and Callington, one to bo sent; Sfrathalbyn, AVilljam A^ Bainger; Yankalilla, Jonathan J. Nicholls; .God)wa, George _W._Kendrewi Renmark, one to be eont; Palmerston, John Nairn. Joseph Tonr-'fack. •_ ' „ II.—Middle District. - Gawlor, John Watts; Kapunda, Charlos_T. Nowraan fTeiiiplors and Angaston, .Thomas M. llowej Kooringa, J. Young Simpson; Redruth, W.Alfred Langsford^Aberdeen): Clare, John D. Langsford; Mintaio and Auburn^ David S. Wylio; Riverton, John Giilingiiam; Euduuda, Sampson Stephens. III.—Northern District. \- -Melrose, John Biackct; Wilmington, IIoraoeTrah! 1 ;H31 i n man, Sol tan a, arid Groat Northern Mission, home missionary, who shall Tbo under too supervision of thp minister -of the Hawker Circuit; Port Piric. Samuel Rossiter; Crystal BrookandMlodhiil, George Hall; Koolunga, William A. Millikan; James town, William "TrHiatt; Laura. William G. Oiarko; Turowio, John C. Hi 11; Quorn, Isaiah Perry; Hawker, Archibald Grewar; Johns burgb,-John Ji. Goss;-Petersburg, T. GeddeB Whito; Waukaringa and Wadnaminga, homo missionary;—Broken—Hill—and Si Kenton (N.9.W.), Charles H. Ingamclls, Alfred-?; Burgess {BrokcnHIi1i-3mitir)r IV.—Yorkk'b Peninsula District. Moonta, Vivian Roberts,—Charles Reed (Moonta Minos); KMina and Wallaroo, William" Jeffries; Port Thomas Trestrail; -Ybrkotown, Charles H—Afield;— -Minlaton, Iicnry Trowron; Maitland, Thomas B. Angwin, M.A.; Ardrossan, Homo Mis' sionary; Bort Lineoln, Home Missionary) Elliston, Charles Doloy; Franklin Harbour, Home Missionary ; Fowler's Bay and Streaky' Bay, _Homo. Missionary. V.— South-Eaktkrn District. Mount Gambier, John H. Trevorrow; Narracoorte, Alfred H. Carue; Millioent, one to be sent; Kingston, home missionary) Bordertown, Henry Chester, supernumerary. VI.—Western Akctiuma""DTstrict; Perth. John A. Jeffreys, Albert W. Bray, W. Oorly Butier, John—Woirv .Chinese cate* - (hiat; Fremantle, George E. Rowc," Arthur J. Barclay, Homo Missionary ; Guildford, Henry Wilkinson, candidate (Midland Junction); Work, William H.JIodgo ; Gerald ton, Richard Dunstan ; Dongarra, John R. Thrum, Homo Missionary (Grconoughl; Cue, ..candidate;. Albany, Thomas Bird; Bunbury, Alfrod 0. Plnno; Norikam, Frederick 8. Finch; Southern Cro=«, Joseph G. Mitchell; Cool gardio. Arthur 8. J. Fry.; Kalgoorlio, William A. l'otts, Charles A. Jenkins (Great Boulder);- Kanewtta, Henry W. Oongrevef — Kurawa, William A. Hay ; Mcnziesf JolinG. Jenkin; Newcastle Mission, Home Missio nary; Great Southern Mission, Home Missionary ; Eastern Timbor Mills Mission, Home Missionary (Lion Mills); donah dais Mission.-IIomo Missionary ; Midland Mission, -Home Missionary (Gingin); Espcranoo Mis< Bion, Home Missionary ; Denmark Mission, Home Missionary; _Blaek Flag Mis sion, llonro Missionary; Yalgoo Mission, Hoine Missionary; Mount Magnet Mission, candidate; Marblo Bar Mission,.Home Mis- . sionary. ~ ' , MltLBOlJRNI'k Tuesday. The annual Conference of the Woslcyan Mothodist Church of Victoria and Tasmania was commenced to day. The election to fill the President's chair resulted in tlio return.of the Rev. T. Grove, with l(iO votes. The Rev. II. Green wood, who polled 25 votes, was subse rpiently apjiointcd Sooretary. Tlio business transacted was of a preliminary nature. S Y DN'EY.—Tuesday, The Wosleyan Gonferoiice to-night rejected a motion by the Rev. Mr. Rutlcdgo in favour of the organic .union of..Methodist bodies. 