The Iiiffht that. Cast no Shadow Curious stories are told about the powers possessed hy certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted •cores of year* to the study of natural laws and lorces, which the rest of the world koovrs nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the " adepts," as the«e queer Hindus are • called, for the purpose of finding out the secret . of their remarkable performances. They treated, him rather scurvilr, but interested him ail the' same. One day the ptofessor wanted to examine aome> ancient Saoskrit manuscript?. An adept went with bim to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark aa the bottom of a well. " I can't see to read, here," said tlio visitor. *' Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor say*) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it carat, but he noticed that it had one strange quality—it cast not the slightest shadow. J This a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, anil you who now read it have no reason for t^oubt eic^pt that all the lights you have teen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Hr Johnson emffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been HI for venrs, and failed to And • a cure, is sceptical when friends te!l him of a medicine which they believe will make hm well. What elte hut doubt coujd result from his experience ? Take an examplr :— " In the spring of 1888," writes our correspondent, " I fell ittio a low. weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At 8r«t my cromacli was deranged, toy aj petiie poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. 1 was much troubled wi ti.wind, and fr quently spat up & sour Suit), also hitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of. epints I kept up with my work, but bad always a sense of discomfort. Off and t.n I continued in tin* way for two rears, nothing that I took relieving we. Ja*t I heard of Mother SeigelV Sjrup, and At procurt-d a supply. After I had taken only a few dooes 1 found rt-l:ef; my food digested, and gradual y all nervonsness left me. Although 1 had no reason at first to feel any confidence fa this medicine, never having used it or s en it used, 1 now gladly admit its value. and its power ever disease. Since my recovery, for which 1 thank Mother $*igtdV Curative Syrup, I have b.-en in the best of health aud spirit*. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a doty to send you this testimony. - (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor: aud outfitter, J 51, Hocktoy Bill, Birmingham. Jun« S;Ii, 1£93" There is a deal of difference between Mr Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light tliat cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot he verified without more trouble than it is wortb. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who wilf answer lettera of inquiry, and can be found at bis address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease—indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its anccess by eager witnesses. 