[?] [?] ' The Owl ' lina nover endeavored to earn kudos nn a cricket critic. At a moment liko tho proBont, howovor, whon tho heart of this young nation is tijj- itatocl to itu inmost core, when tho possibilities of ihiropoan complicutioiis arc no nothing in compari oiott to Uio question of whether Goorgo liaun't Giffon himself nwav, 'The Qwl' rises to remark tlmt in liiii opinion fifty quid i; vvoelt for tho uorvicos of u piofca uionul sportsman in not :in oxtruvagiuit num. When ono tiikon into consideration Unit tho wages of a newspaper editor usually excood thin amount by yean;, and that skilled Australian musicians can ofton command a threepenny drink and a dosu in tho Domain, whilo tho w.ago of Australian poets is at Inanfc aix times as much an Giffon is unking, what aurpriooa mo io Giffen'o modesty, llo ought to havo put in for iJGO a day. Who is responsible for granting )iconnos for diinco-rooino in Sydney to Chinamen? Kvorybody, except Quong Tart, known tho morality which prevails in Chinatown. What Kind of n datico-room could a Chow bo expected to keep, anyhow P Docs it stand to roiusoii when tho native onlortniu mnntii of tho Yellow East nro invariably unutterable that a Chinaman ia thn right pnrBou to bo losiifo of a Europoancum Chow dancing bonne ? Thoro nro a lot of other questions which Kuggoat tlionifiolvon iu tho uamo connection, but this paper would probably bo given three months hard by a rightoouH magistracy if it printed them. Tlmro ia always an extra largo crop of suicides about Xinaa time. 'J'liiu may ro Bult from tho custom which people still pursuo of sending Xinuu cardn to ono another, illuminated by cheap angola, in groon wings, descending out of a magonta e);y upon a /luld of hluo cabbages, with oxproraions of pence and goodwill printod underneath in rhynioa which would jnako tho ghost of IJullor want to get uj- out of ita grave at Itookwood and rob a church. Or tho nuicido iuuroano may ariflo from tho XimiR pudding, which, more -deadly than a Loo- Motford bullot at thia festive season, carrioR ita loadon inoasiigo of death and doaolation to many a lumpy liomu. KOfiOIURKO. This in a hind of boat and nwour, Wo know because — wo'vo all boon thoro — Juut whiupur it 1 But whon tin; moroury up-leupa, To perfect Himalayan steeps, Aud thoro in torrid tormont koeps — Oh ! whiupor it I Still cool on Koiieiu.il; o's hoiuhfn They oloop in Arctic ba(;n at nights Applying hiiow to thoir frost-bites — Juat ivliispor it! Now when December suns boat down On parching bush and gasping town — Don't mention it ! They draw on K.osuiunkq'n top Their ico-crouuiB from tho rock, and chop Tho tea for mixing with a drop — Don't mention it ! Whilo wo aro panting for tho daya Of flg-leavos, thoro, buuido tho bluzo, Iu bliiiikcta do. they Bit and gazo — Don't mention it 1 A miilonnan pleadod 'guilty to nccn -lout.nl UHimult in nolf.doft'iico ' nt tho W.P.O. on Tiioaday. Tliifl noit-lairyor Rot throo ' Htrutc.h ' hard. Tho magintrato took tho ploa into coniiidoration, or ho niljjht havo i;ot twolvo. ? ? » Tho vicar of tho Englioli church in which tho npino uhd tibia und t lii ri«H of Gov. Phillip havo lain ninco 18M-, ankr, Mayor Iveii to put a inomorial window iu tho isiiid nlmrch at Svdnov ratonavorn' nxni-ntn Tho vioar ban alfio addronood luttnrn to Mr. lloid and Qov. Ilimipdon with tho naino rnqumit! It onoins to mo that if Phillip han dono without tho window fpr oil^hty-throo yoarn ho can do with out it nltoKofchor. It hann'fc inado tho Oornmarulor of t.ho Pirat Fioot any happier thiil tho I'rand-ohlldron of tho pontlomon ho ilojijuid havo nreutiid a ton or no of bronao ' iu tho Qnrdon I'alaco GroundB In bin honor. In fact bho old man -nnnt nquirin in bin bnnoii at fcho no*o ot iho I'lulli,! Statun, if hlii npirifc ban hoon pormittod to vlow it, Phillip's bronzo nonis nddu a now terror to donth, rind in calculated to provont any futuro uffort on fclio psirt of youiiij Auntra linno to beooum fiimotm. : , ? * * Dr. Miiskobi; linn i»ono oft' with a doo'ulcd ban)» on' tho fjuention of tho ourucd drink. JIo him (»1 von tho teototallorn inoro ortmhing j lucumontn to moot than thoy havo had foe ?; n. ?o»}f tliiio, 'i'lio doator'o rocoitt locturo in ':) i'rtvor of tho uno of alcohol no iiipcllulnu n\u\ , !] fiMjiMilnnfc oontalnu «o ninny c-'U'bli)(f I mUmlillA trutJio tlmt 0. }), O)nyk hnn torn ill out n)l tlio rout of Ida hair in dcopnlr. Astionomor RubhoII confidontly pro dictod heavy rain for tho holidays. A lot of follows who poBtponndthuXnmo camping expeditions aro now doniandinij thoN.S.W. Aatronomor'o sculp. An Mr. Kusaoll'ii prodiclionu help to awoll tho railway deficit, it would pay tho Coinmisaionoru to koop an o{-positioi- piopliot on tap duiiujj futtuo holiday!! to foretell flno weather. Tho Dutchmon on tlio etoamor lirnincu hiiii|f ovor tho rail and wutchod tho leimlt of tho Princoso- Caunnoray collision as ' intoroiitiHl upoclatois.' Tiio gallant Bnusajjo - worriorn nmdo no attflinpt to rondeir nsaintanco by lownrinjj a boat, or othcu'wihe. Thoy wuro contonfc to kcjo tho Kni^linh womou and childron drown. A wholesale noyaiZj and liritiHli-Anatralinu matrono and thoir baboa would probably havo amused tho gallant crow of tho liremon. Ach Gott 1 ' ximonot'F.' Who tho miBchicf jb Zuroroff, Anybody toll ? Word roiiio Iiunaian nii(;lit havo sworo off 'St.oiul of ? Seoina 'Zuroroff' wired to Sydnoy, Sydney Smith, M.I'., ' Sond Homo frozen etoak and kidney Itijtht away to mo | Ituaninn ilituton China Station At tho point of litark Btarvation, Want n. pio for toal ' Sydney Smith (jot up to cablo — ? ' J}nmoi-i(e't uv Sawovtm, Vodka oslrog. Wu'll bo able, Sond your lueat whoro 'or y' nro. J'osehntsky npaktioye J'otiyimai/utt/ictt! neachastnyie. Prime fat beef wo havo a Htoro of — Hero tho cublo ivhizzod — ' Zuroroff,' Zurr-nr-roroff ! ! ! Who tho blazes in Zuroroff, Anybody tull ? Naino iiomo Jiusaian must havo swpro off 'Stead of ? . A irrnu wnn arrested on Friday on sus picion of stealing from a dwelling at Mus wellbroolc, and taken to tho lockup. An tho lock-up koopor whs putting him in (hit cell ho turned round, i;oizod tho officor, and locked him up instead. Tho arrested, aftor Binding a gonllo little lullaby to tho caged bobby, lit n cigar, r,tmllcd off, and ia still badly wantod by tho Northern foorco. 'J'ho question of lady doctorn in again agitating tho public mind. This paper eoeii no objection to tho appointment of woman modicon to poiiitioini in hoiipitulH. Already wo hnve a number of old womon practiBlng who disagree ovor their pationta' disensca with truly ftuiiiniiui jiortiimcity. That tliono old ladies wear tiouaors instead of pettii'oals in moroly tho result of acci doiit. Fedoralion baa roiiolvod ilnelf into a matter of food. Tlio Molbourno mooting of JTodoral dologatea will open with iv banquet tendered to Uio Constitution malterB by tho Mayor of Melbourne, then follows a theatro party, a Government IIouho ball, a foto. and dinnero and irarden parties galoro. Tho mon who aro playing lit nation-building nro nearly all bleuaocl . with capiioiouHpaunchiia, but thoir ntowago will bo (severely teated. Not only Goil, but gut is to bo voaogu'wctl in our FtKloial Conatitution. An Auntralian Pedoiation trailod in tho debris of broken victuals nnd Bonked in liitchuu dloj)« in not a thing for young Patriotism to grow wililly -mi- thuuiustio over. I'lnleratiou ia no longor in Llio air. It ia iu the soup. P.-id'n vaunted surplus turiiu out (on tho Daily TriiKhuai'ic enlimate) to bo a deficit of at lomit vCiiO.OOO. It in only a few woolen ninoo ox-Troanuror Dibba calculated tho delloit at, a million. An a hint resource tho Ltttlo l''at Man chuckii tho Illume on to tho Upptir lloune. Gurront! Goor^o, gorrout I P.M.G. Jokoolc oxpoalfi to oxtond tho pyntem of long- distance tolophonoar. tToo will ovontually have tho G.P.O. connootod with Llthgovr, and then from his Miniu terlal sanctum ho will bo able to proach bin weekly mirmon without lotting go tho whnol of State. To think that thin groat man, nonooiatod with intellocts liko Jako Rivrd'n and Hrunkor'n, only a few years ago vrorkod in a coal mi no I Anothor yarn anonb tho lClondyko. S.rndicato-proinotorn may ilncl it nnoful i ' Why, it coats n. clollnr to god ahavad up tliuco. I wont Into that oountry (our years wjo, nnd got cloar out of tho track ot olvill/iAlioji, You onn luiAj'iiio what I looknil liko whon i #ob bftoic to l-(vwnon City, Tho ilcst pluoo I hunlod tip wiin a . bnriior'ii nhop. I hnd n healthy hoard on my face, and wna ghul to gyt ahaviul, An I' wont out I isaw tho bnrbuni oarnfuHy gather up tho board, n»-\ f loantod noxt tiay that they Imil roflnnct tho luiir and ' Koourud fibouti JUJol lVOi'tli of /luo gold ..duut, You noo, it blown tJ^'iUKh tho ivlv Mptjiortf,' Tho yum io tojdjiy iv Xiinltoo, t-o of ooni'ai) oijo onnnod ponutbi/ iloitbb it1/ 