BRIEF NOTES AND COMMENTS. Tallangatta Luna Board to-day. Sandy Creek races to-morrow. Tallangatta races next Monday. .. Shire Council and Show on Tuesday; Corryoug Show to-day and to-morrow. James Payn, fcho novelist is dead ; age, 68. A pumpkin exhibited at Wandiligong show scaled ICOlhs. The Tallangatta Athemeum-hall is re created on its new site. £00-'worth of altar furnishings stolen from R.C. Church, Hamilton. George Robertson, the well-known Mel bourne publisher, died last week. The ’Varsity boat race, Oxford v. Cam-, bridge, won by tlio formor by 12 lengths. Two suburban bakers lined £3 and £3/3/ costs for adulterating bread with alum. AVni. Grant, owner of Butherwuh station, Tirana, died at AVangamtta lust week, aged 78. Wahgunyahite fined 10/ and co9ts for bottling lemonade in a Wangaratta firm’s, bottles. Seven cyclists are travelling from Perth to Melbourne with a view to establishing a timo record. Unsuccessful attempt made a few nights, ago to enter Bank of New South Wales at Jerilderie. Sir John Forrest. Premier of WestraHn, mobbed by miners in protest against mining regulations. Father and soil were out shooting noar Launceston. The sou accidentally shot his father dead. Owdacious ! Burglars entered residence of Constable Howman, Princes Hill, and stole property worth £15. Rev. J. Hav, of Rookie, mulcted, in fines, and costs totalling £16/6/ for not eradicating ■ thistles on his land. Jonathan, the horse that rati third to Camoola in V.R.C. Derby of 1892', sold on Monday for four guineas. Air. J. IT. Paine, Albury Council cleric,. “honorably acquitted” of the charge olr “drunk while on duty.” Reported, that the whole of Yackandandah . creek, from. Stanley to Kiowa River, is now taken up for mining purposes. Jesse All Shing, a half-caste Chineso, arrested at Chiltom for “going, for” her - Celestial spouse with a meat- chopper. A barque borne 1 from San Francisco to Klondyke gold-field port foundered at sea. . lhissungers and crew, numbering *10, all lost. For stealing cream from milk-cart at Palmerston railway station, Charlotte Sparks and Isabella Herrin fined £5 apiece and costs. Persons taking in, lodgers for surgical and medical treatment must register their houses as private hospitals, in accordance with the Health Act. For robbing a servant girl cf her good name, a Maffra publican named Nullett was slated for £50 damages and £10 costs at Sale - County Court. Between 8th and,25th inst. produce valued approximately at £900!) was shipped out of Victoria, under the auspices of the Agri cultural department. W. J. Riddell, unsold Wandiligong minor, died in Omeo hospital of natural decay. He > lmd been working iu.ulluvial at Livingstone Creek for last 13 years. At the Tallangatta Oddfellows’ Lodge on Tuesday, night, a P.M.’s collar, was pre sented to P.G. Brp. Grant. A. levy. was. struck of 2/ for the half-year. The magnificent; now P. and; 0. mail steamer, Chinn, ran? ashore ii: the Red Sea.. Passengers, crew and baggage safely/lauded. It is hoped the vessel may be saved.. Speaking at a Ballarat banquet on Friday, Minister of Mines Foster predicted that.the • Victorian gold yield for the current year would be larger than any since 1885. Mrs.. Stranger, wife of chief clerk in the Treasury, went to bathe in the sea. She died from failure of the heart’s action,, duo to bathing immediately after a hearty meal. Burglar Sydney Harris, who escaped from. Melbourne detectives tvep months ago, turns up in Adelaide gaol, where he is awaiting? trial for practising his profession over there. At St. KUda; a mm named Th'H~Powell go5 two numtli.V imprisonment' for /playing the part of “ Peeping T-.mi;’* intruding on private premises and peering into* young - ladies’ bed-chambers. A *4-ghost” is startling- benighted travel lers in Avooa district.. Since it got noised, abroad that people were carryiug firearms to, try the mettle of the supernatural visitant,, his ghostship bus uot appeared, in public..so A patient in Buirnsdule hospital suddenly went stark mad, and attacked Dr. Smith,, who was sa.ved from being “done for” by one of the nurses bravely hanging on to the maniac,, to secure whom-5 men had to be called.. Fatal fire at AVanganitta on Friday night.. Wood and Co.’s drapery store caught fire, Charles Scroeder, watchmaker, ran into the burning place to save some furniture, when the gable end fell in upon him-, killing, him outright. He was untouched by the fire. At Huy, a girl aged 16, charged her father with criminal assault. At the circuit court on Tuesday, she said her story was untrue. She laid, accused her father because • he had threatened to thrash her. The-judge said the girl was “a most diabolical child,” and O’dered jury to return verdict of not guilty. “ Toni” Brass, sometime engaged in Tal-. langatta telegraph office, who was recently transferred from the Cue -(W.A.) office to Perth, is one of the smartest- operators in the Western colony. In despatching press wires dining the railway opening time at Cue, ho gave the receivers at the Perth end a par ticularly warm time, breaking the colony’s record for transmission. To be skinned alive cannot at any time be a pleasant operation ; but,, when 52 inches of epidermis arc taken from the arm and leg for the benefit of a fellow creature, the victim, is. likely to consider that in excess of the contract. A young lady at Auckland agreed to allow, some of her skin, to be grafted for the boueftt of a patient suffering from exten sive burns, but she has since commenced an action against the doctor for taking too much. The case was decided against the fair flayed one. The movement in America in favor of children under 15 being required to be at home by 8 (►’clock in winter and 9 in sum mer is steadily growing, more than 300 cities and towns having already adopted- the Cur few Ordinance, as it is called, the last being Indiiuiopolis, whoso city council recently voted in favor of it by 12 to 7. The move ment originated in 1894, when the Boys and Girls’" National Home and Employment Association, organised to study the matter of hoodlumisiu and crime among boys, re solved that the revival of the curfew was the only practical way that an improvement could be attempted. So far, experience has been very satisfactory. Young1 man named Reginald Hobby being tried in Melbourne for bigamy. Principal witness for defence was liolia Collins, who stated she took Hobby, while quite drunk, to I Kinsman’s matrimonial shop, and there went through the form of marriage, herself supply ing all the information in the certificate. She knew he was married, but wanted to detach him from his wife. Judge said Collins was either perjuring herself to save the man she loved, or, if she was truthful, she was open to prosecution under the Marriage Act. Evidence for the Crown showed that accused was sober at the time. The jury failed to agree, and a new trial will he gone through. A naiTow escape from death was ex perienced by the observers at Mount Kosci usko meteorological station last week. There has been some very rough weather on top of the mountain recently, accompanied by a considerable amount of snow, dense fog and freezing atmosphere. The whole party was lately out when a fog came on. Snow covered the ground and obscured the tracks. Consequently the men rambled about until one of them came across a drover’s camp. Search was immediately made for the rest of the observers, who were ultimately found and taken to the camp. On returning, the member of the party left at the camp was sitting over the fire thoroughly overcome by the cold. Residents about the foot of the. mountain declare it is not safe for the ob servers to remain upon the summit during the winter, without having really first-class, protection, and it is now too late to provide, it for this year. 