the hctofm imc cldb sppe cahhival. FLEMJNQTON; .F®TS AND -FANCIES. How tho' Favorite was Beaten' In the Derby. The Maribyrnong Plate Won by Mr. W. R. Wilson's Bill of Portland Colt, "Scorn," Who Looks all over a Derby Colt. A Well-known Bookmaker Wins £5000 over the Derby. The Grafter Unlucky to Lose the Melbourne stakes. A Melbourne Cup Forecast. Bt the " Snecial Commissionep To the sportsman— and the term is by no means synonymous with "rac- Ing man"— to the sportsman, I say, Derby day bas more attractions than Cup day ; lp fact, It Is the most iu- icresujjg or aji racing aays of tlie year. Tbo best 1 three-year-olds in Australia do battle for the Blue rtib- and. a contest sufficient to arouse cd- tiiu.tssin In the most lUke-wunn lorer of racing ; ."while the ; Maribyrnong Plate very. Aften Introduces us to the J" u tore Derby winuer. Added to 'these two " classical " events we- have the Melbourne Stakes, a. weight-for-age event, which usuaUy attracts the cream of onr racers, and very often affords it line to the Mel bourne Cup. No wonder many thousands braved the dements on Saturday morning, and went out to Flemington prepared for a cold, wet'afternoon. ' Tliey were agreeably disappointed, li Is- true, for, with the exception of a boister ous wind, little fault could be found with the weather, even though it did 'remind one oi Qrant National time 'rather than the Cnp season. The attendance, unfortunately, was affected by the Weather, and official returns, so far as they' ate available, sbow a. falling off ; but with lino weather there will be an enormous at tendance to-morrow. . For days' past a steady stream— or, rather, torrent.— of visitors lias poured into Melbourne from the country and all the other colonies, and hotel ac commodation is tared to Its utmost. Even sliahodbwns .are at a premium. Not only does the country or intercol onial business man, who wonts to sec his . agents on " important business," manage to And Ills way to Melbourne at this particular period, but clergy men of all denominations somehow ar range llieir conferences, etc., for the latter end Of October. Not because It is Cup week. Oh, dear no 1 Do they not denounce racing as one of the most heinous of sins ? Of course they do. and then, probably, go out to Flemington and enjoy themselves. However, all clergymen do not hold jaundiced views of the " sport of kings." After visiting Flemington last Cup1 meeting, Cardinal Moran said :— " It Is like one of those old celebrations of. the Olympian games. It has become a national fete, and these national fetes always tend to promote harmony aud uhlon among ali citizens. It is a sign, to a certain j extent, also, of the great prosperity ' of a country, and must, In some way. lend itself to promote thnt federa tion of tbe colonies which we all so much desire." But I hold . no brief for racing— it will flourish without such puny aid as mine, and despite the outpouring!? of prudes and bigott, who would have us all wrapped in cotton wool, and fed on milk aud water— my . province Is to .describe, tp the best of my ability,, the day's proceedings. , ittheu the course was reached it was found that Bobadil had recovered his place in the Derby betting, and was a.lirm favorite at 2 to I At one time the previous evening .1 JO 4 WAS ACTUALLY . LAID AGAINST THE. BILL OF POUT- LAND COLT. This hostility was consequent on a bad gallop performed on Friday af ternoon. Bobndil. on thnt occasion, was sent live furlongs with Aurifer ous. who. it may be said, is a par ticularly good track horse. The Derby eolt appeared to be getting the worst of it. when suddenly lie tried lo get off the track : " was looking for a lflb- hit-hole to run Into," as one onlooker declared. "If he quits like that In a gallop, what will he do 'when pinched In a race queried the book makers, and they straightway knock ed Bobadil back to even -money, at which qnotation he stood when opera tions ceased on Friday night. How ever. the colt ran a good lialf-inile on Saturday morning, and the stable commissioner laying C. to 4 oh, Bob-i- dil firmed to 2 to 1 on. But let us deal with the racing; in tlie proper order. Directly betting opened on the Maiden Plato there was it great demand for Stand OjT. who started a Dot favorite at evens. Grizzle, a speedy-looking two:yenr-old filly, liy Off Color from Merry Whig, trained' hy ,Tas. Wjlsoh, _was- fancied by the stable, and Anriferdiv? was again supported. 'by the t?t-: 'Albans people, while Roscommon found' a few bookers. However, it -was. u one- horse race, for Sjahd Off 'never- gave "his opponents flie ghost' of a ehnuee, the bay gelding wjnuiiig easily.- Grizzle van woli. but , AUK1FEROUS ONCE MORE P.UT HIS BACKERS IN A HOLE, . and, In contradistinction to bis lialf- broiher. Aurum, Is evidently a cow ard, for be turned It up directly he was pinched. The winner is a good- looking geld ing. bv St. Blaize from Conceit, and rakes "afler his sire a good deal in appearance. Isaac Earnshaw. it will be remem bered. wou it double at Flemington a few years ago with St. Blaize, and In the sou the Bandwlek trainer has a decidedly useful aulmal. St. BUlze is a beautifully-bred son of St. Albnus, and should have a successful stud career. As I Wrote last season. I would like to see St. Blaize given a trial Jn Tasmania. Tbe mares they have there would suit him particularly well. - The Grafter opened favorite for the Melbourne Stakes, but at Die elpse of operations Battalion was in equal de mand. There was a Utile money for Atnberito. Roseltery, Clarion, and Wait-a- Blt, but only The Grafter and Battalion were solidly backed. Both looked well, but I thought Amberlte did not carry eo much bloom as be did at Randwick. and I am afraid the good-looking son or Carbine (Mentor, some people assert) Is not quite bim- self. Roseberv was finer than lie was at Canlfield," bur, still looked a trifle burly. Clarion's appearance was greatly Ad mired, but be does not shine in a race of this description, n journey being more to bis lilting, while Wait-a-BIt bas kept his backers waiting so long that most ot ikem are " full up " now, Tlx, two flavorltes lind tbe finish to themselves, but THE GRAFTER SHOULD HAVE WON. Vs he did with The Chief at Caulfield Gougli kept The Grafter outpfohls. ground too long. These waiting tac tics are all right as long as there is . B strong pace all the way, but iwnen the horses travel slowly the first part, as" 11 ey did In the Melbourne Stakes (the first half mile took :65&see;, and the Last six fnriongB were run IB 1 -mln lGsee), the liotse to the rear Is Vlrtuall'v pvlng the leaders so.isueh start over a short vvturse, turtles ; ftp -pace Is put cn. t Three furlongs from home In the Jlelbjrurne StaJteS .The Grafter- Was fiaafTy last, while. Battalloh,- ridden a !gi4«, waiting, raes to _ifon£ by Bobby Lewis, obtained a lead AhalTTie .Graf, ter ebtdd never quite overhaul, though the big-headed brown .gelding made a game i and - dofcormlnhd ipffoyfc in the Straight and was only a. Bank behind at the finish. - „/ . Amberlte, too, was ridden , behind, yet "secured third place, so -perhaps it may bo advisable to beep him on the .safe side, after all,. though he can have little chance iu the Melbourne Cup with The 'Grafter. "The "last-named did not. lose many friends by his Mel bourne Stakes running, and I feel sure he will at least BEAT BATTALION IN THE MEL- . .. BOURNE CUP. The absence of Merloolas in the list of starters for tbe Melbourne Stakes was a great disappointment to most people-. The big fellow spurted In tbe morning, from wbieli It Is Inferred that bis trainer intended running bim. Why Merloolas did not start' I liare not heard," but tbe conclusion como to by most people wos that his' partv would not run tbe risk of a. break down. Merloolas may be aJLrignt, but be »n run against me In the Cnp. As I wrote about Dreamland last week. if. my judgment proves Incor rect, I will console myself with the reflection that a deserving owner Jias won -the race. BtllJ, jl hare' 'tittle doubt oh the point, .as far as Merloo las is concerned. At -bis rerv best bis cbflnce df beating even The Graf ter or Amberlte would not be an odds on one. Directly tlie betting opened, the len iently-bandleapped Sweer Marie was -Installed- favorite at 3 to 1 for ilr» Hotbam Handicap. But on It beirg reported that tbe mare had not been doing well, her price? receded to 5 to I. and Prince Carbine left off ' best favorite. SWEET MARIE ALTOGETHER FAILED TO SHOW ANYTHING LIKTMfEIi RANDWICK' FORM! In' both tbe races. she wr.»i Inst mouth the T«ei:icu mare was In front from start to finish. Tbe dlR.an?e of one was a mile and a half, tbe other a mile nnd three-quarters. Tbe lasr-naij&ei;! she won with Tst 51b. yet over a j'ile and a half on Sitnruay, with only 7t 111b, sbo was neve danger ous : in fact. Delaney was riding Uer vigorously before half the distance -hind been covered. It certainly was hot the mare's true form. At the last moment' a strong com mission was worked In favor of Plu tus, a sturdy, old-fasnioucd-looking brown gelding, by Gozo— Johanna, who has-been well tried and backed for tbe Melbourne Cup. Most of tbe running .was made by Contrast and Hnlnault. and tbe latter looked like winning below tbe distance, but Plu tus. finishing well, secured the judge's verdict. There was a strong wind blowing against, tbo horses the last balf-ndle or so. consequently 2miii 38A»sec was very fair time for tbe mile and a half. PLUTUS HAS INCURRED A TLB PENALTY FOR THE MEL BOURNE CUP. which brings bis weight up to Tst 71b. But tbe Sydney geldiug is such a line, b!g fellow that tlie extra weight should not trouble him greatly. Not only has Plutus owner backed biru for a good stake, but he has been fortunate enough to receive communi cations froth the drawers of the' geld ing in each of the three big sweeps. Therefore, to him, the victory would mean more than Aleo. Taylor's "load of firewood?' Johanna, the dam of Plutus, comes from the famous Sappho family. J which has produced so many good > horses. She was got by Maribyrnong ; from .Toonsta. by The Fop frpm Sap- ; pho. by M&rquis; from the ' Zohrab j mare. ; ; j Plutus should be' a good place in vestment to-morrow. . ' \ Trapp'er did not show up promin ently In the Hothain Handicap, and if this be the brown gelding's true form, his. Cup prospects are not. Ion bright. A big. raking gelding, with good bone, and plenty of substance. ' Trapper 1 strikes one as more Ukely io make a G.rnnd National rather than a Mel bourne Cup winner. Except that the winner wore arm- band's, The dolors of Plutus and Prin cess of Wales were identical, aud many people Thought ihe Adelaide innre had won. A well-known Pad dock fielder was so sure of this that he stood himself and "dork "a. bottle' "on the strength of ihe supposed 44 skin ner?' His surprise on getting back to bis stand, and being surrounded by holders of Plutus tickets, can be imagined. Columns could, and probably will, l>e written about the V.R.C. Derby of 3S1IS. and the questiou, "DID THE BEST COLT ON THE DAY WIN V will be. a debatable one? for years to come. - Without auy reservation I may at onco give my opinion— Bobadil. 1 think, should 'have wen comfortably. I don't blaine Morrison— as most dis appointed backers of Tbe St. Albans oOlt did— a bit. 1 am, reliably Informed that he was riding .strictly to orders in coming away at tbo turn, but it was «. mistaken move. The Flemingron .straight is .a long ono— about two and a half furlongs— nnd when Cocos got Iris first nip on 'him below the distance "Bobadil could not quite sustain tbe effort, though he fought out every inch 'of the distance, with- pluck and deter mination.. ' Unfortunately for Mr. W- R. Wilson and the backers of Bobadil. tbe first part of tlie race wa run at a slow pace, 'and. '.being/eager lo 'gallop. Bobadil fought a grfeat deal, with Morrison, who would have been bettor advised to let tliecoU sail ajo&g; Instead of reefing at .him. The only posts the augles of which caii 'be accurately got after the horses leave the straight are the six furlongs, five f nWongs. aud four furlongs. Times taken from auy other post are apt to be misleading. Tlie first six furlongs of the Derby was run by Bobndil In Ruin 2+sbe. and. with tbe wind behind bim. the last six in lmln lTKsec. and last five in lmin 414soe. so it will be seen at n glance that THE RACE WAS NOT RUN FROM END TO END. , But. wlille malting excuses for Boba dil. sight must not be lost of Coeos' grand performance. Once he got m side Bobadil. the chestnut beat the St. Albans colt fair and square in the run home, and though there was very little In It at the finish— only a head— It. was shoer stamina thnt won the race for Cocos; on whom Delaney. was seen to .great advantage. Without in rhe least wishing to be little Morrison? horsemanship, I think a jockey like Tom Hales would have won comfortably on Bobadil.. But wo have no Tom Haleses nowadays, and Delaney, probably the best xqedium- weight rider we have, happened to bo on Cocos, so Bobadil was beaten. A word of praise is due to Pay- ten for bis share In the victory. Cocos was looking very light after" his -severe AJ.C. meeting, so it Is so small feather in the Lower Randwick trainer's cap that he got the son of AbcrCorn fit enough to win tlie coveted Blue Riband. Unfortunately, Mr. Bailey was not well enough to be present to sec his colt win, bat the receipt of the news would, doubtiess, do the popular Bal larat sportsman more good than all the physic jn Victoria. - n Among others to send 'congratulatory telegrams To Mr. Bailey w&s; Uis old friend and racing partner, -M: Robert OtT, who, of course/was greatly elated oterthe result BOTH COOOS AND BO&AD1L; PULLED UP . WELL, and wdre evidently fit ah bands could make them. uCordlte looked veryvjvell, and could hate beatenTjetetic fpr fourth- place— fact, T "thought be had done so. Holster, although a bit on the leg, . -was bright and muscular, but he loilGQ j -to run up to his brilliant -track foraL ; He should be rarved by time; -end may \- bo a really good horse nest yeir. Woodlark, too,, should win a deoeeft : race for Mr. Craven. \- Lee Metford is hardly up to weight for age form, but he should pick up. . a handicap before the season Is over. The descendants of Chester are won- \- derful horses. Tbe racing and gallop Jug -they will stand and thrive on is Ilttlo short of Incredible. Therefore? we may expect to see Cocos, If any-, thing, Improved by hie severe race, so' it 1s quite on the cards he will follow Jn bis grandsire's footsteps, 'and add tbe Melbourne Cup to his laurels/' The field is not ljkely tp be .such a- strong one rant: a good Tnree-year-Oia , 4x0 Cocos, with Tst 101b/ must be pnt aside. Cocos revels In a fast run race, and Is a thorough stayer. It is quite possible that had the Derby- been a cracker from end to end Cocos would have- won more decisively. Probably the largest winner over the Derby was a well- known Victorian Club bookmaker,. He not only laid heavily against Bobadil all through the piece, but backed Cocos to win a good stake into the bargain. HIS WINNINGS ARB ESTIMATED AT NOT LESS THAN £5000. Only, a day or two before the race the fortunate metallielan begged of me to back Cocos. " He. Is certain to beat Bobadil," said my would-be beuefactor, in a tone of conviction, but I turned n deaf oar to hife" entreaties. After the excitement Over the Derby lind partially subsided, a move was made to tlie Bird Cage to Inspect tho Maribyrnong Plate candidates. When Alec Taylor withdrew Tremarden 3nd Golden Queen, and left Skylark in the race, public curiosity regarding the Vengeance gelding was aroused. If better than -the- -other two. Skylark must be pretty good, they argued, and many people backed the gelding on the inference. However, it transpired thnt Skylark, a big bay gelding, that looks like making a jumper some day. was rather green, and not much thought of by his connections. So Fleet foot carried the bulk of public money. The Sister to The Admiral looked .Very well, but she ran badly in tbe race : while Viscount II., after making play tbe first three furlongs, failed to stay, and had to be content with third place, the winner turning up In Scorn, tbe Bill iof Portland— Tea Rose colt, of whom I wrote after the Caulfield meet ing as follows 44 Scorn, although showing good form in private, is still on the lusty side. He should derive great benefit from the racing he has had. and will probably show his true form next time be is stripped in pub lic?' Of the thirteen youngsters that faced the barrier on Saturday NONE LOOKED . MORE LIKE FUR NISHING INTO A DERBY WIN NER THAN SCORN. In fact, the sturdily built son of Tea Rose would have passed as a. three- year-old quite as easily as his stable companion. Bobarti). Viscount II. will doubtless Improve a lot, but he will never fill tlie eye like Scorn. Although he finished third, the Russley colt somewhat disappointed his party, for stamina was supposed to be his forte, yet ho tired perceptibly the last furlong. Perhaps it was the pace Jte went at first that caused him to tire. Heiress run a good game filly, and those who backed ber at Moonee v-- Joy (when E. Davis stood her for a large stake) were evidently unlucky in losing t1jo.;- money. Lowland Chief was flushing fast under the judge's box. and Nitre showed pace. . There wore few. if any " lo»kers-cn " 1n tlie Coburg Stakes, nnd when the field passed me at tbe end of the ter race all the whips were at work, ex cept the one carried by Delaney on Sailor- Boy. The favorite,. Rowdy, shaped very indifferently, and; enabled tlie books "to get hack seme of tbe money taken from them by the stable over Stand Off's race. Nearly every competitor was marketable nt one price or other, the winner starting at 12 to 1. Had he run at all well in the Toorak Handicap Sailor Boy would have gone out ar a much shorter price. Mr. 'Oxenham hod a fair win over tbe race, but dbi nor bet as Though he had 0 "good thing." After her poor display m Maiibyr- m ng. ii come n n surprise in most people 10 see Water Color so well backed, but the supporters nf the mare knew what ti ey were doing. It is said Water Color got a rough passage at Maribyrnong. Anyway, she con siderably improved on that perform ance by finishing second to Sailor Boy, with Se.i Snuc third. THE MELBOURNE CUP. So much has already been written In thes« columns auent the big two- mller, that there is little need to deal extensively with tlie subject here. Mention has been made above of the candidates seen under silk on Saturday, so oil that remains is 10 say. a word or two about the horses that did not rnco. Of those, Masslnlssa. of course. cnJls for special remark. The Splendor gelding went nicely In a nine-furlong gallon on Saturday, and pulled up sound and wc-ll. Foulsham hasn't been able to give Masstfnissa a. searching pfppn'rnticii, and tliis may militate against' tbe chestnut's chance, though he is a 11ght- fle«lu?d. and gond-wiuded gelding that probably does not require many strong gallops. Anywiy. Mnssin- issn hnVtf decided pnll in the weights, .and. In W. Redfearn. will hare an ex perienced rider on his back, so be will run for me, Toxteth has accomplished sovr ral escellcnt gallops since his -ar rival from Sydney. The brother to The Chevalier has no first-class public form to recommend him. bnt he Is in a clever stable, and would not have been brought over if as moderate as his recent form suggests. Dreamland 1 have no .fancy for. To sum np. I see no reason to alter my last week's selection, viz.— THE GRAFTER or MASSINISSA. 