THE FAKEAMATTA SEAT. The friends of the sitting member for Parra- matta are. or affect to be, little disconcerned by Mr. O'Reilly's petition, and declare their confi dence that there Is nothing In the charges of irre- gularity at the election. One of Mr. Ferris' sup porters, when spoken to on Saturday, declared the petition another caso of the mountain and the mouse. "We have been waiting," he said, "for some terrible indictment, knowing, of course, there could be little truth in it, and con sidering the flourishes of trumpets beforehand it is simply startling to find so little alleged against our side. Of course, as in the ease of any con test where the polling is so close, we from tho first realised the possibility of a re-count, and you can never tell how that may result. But wo have every reason to think we should gain in stead of lose. In any case, if there is another election we stand to win easily, because many who formerly supported Mr. O'Reilly would como over, as they disapprove of the way he has taken the defeat and the reckless charges he makes against known local men. This is indi cated by their keeping away from his committee meetings " Mr. Ferris was also seen, hut has nothing to say on the matter at present. He is exceptionally busy over local affairs, and hinted, with a smile, that he was member for the pre sent, and censequentiy must do a member's work, fin the other hand, one or two oL Mr. O'Reilly's supporters who were spoken to aro confident not only that the election can be upset, but that if another contest takes place they can win the seat. The earnest way In which the new member is attending ta local affairs is, they say, a desperate attempt to secure votes when tho time comes, but will be more than counteracted by the votes of the friends of Mr. O'Reilly who did not vote last time under the impression his seat was safe. Both sides ridicule the idea that Mr. Barton will be asked to contest the seat, and the rumor appears to lie pure invention. In tho first place, it would be a gross breach of faith with the Ferris party, besides which the would- be leader would not have the ghost of a show against Mr. O'Reilly, or, indeed, agaiust any good local man. 