HAUNTED FOUNTAINS- COLON'E- CODY'S SEARCH. A ROMANCE Of THE WEST. CHAPTER L.-THE UNLUCKY THREE. „V COLONEL SEŚTB5S 1SGEAM, of the -Mysterious Man m AU Blue." &c.; TJi-pon a log on the hill the game was . w, „laved, and placing th e five dice \- thel» x - a " k,Gk '- >d eagerly on, 1hp renegade said : ••I will let >' our n,en throw first - Co l ~ jrocl Cody, you and the lieutenant being ^uTrWht. anyway ; in fact, I don't rare if I <Jon ' 1 tl,row aJ1 -' replied Oo3j". witlk rim !luroor in the faC& ot " ^Lieutenant Seaford smiled. and then, •s his face £Te\v serious, he said, as Cole, stepped forward, he having- been the first called by the renegade chief: I -Do your best my man, for you are liable to win as lose." "God bless you, sir; but I'll lose," replied Cole, *>" be took the box in a jiind Ł1 firm as iron. He glanced over tfte Indian faces upturned to his, and Ti-itb a reckless smile, said: "Here goes'.- lie threw the dice, calmly raised the bos, and the renegade chief -called out: . -Two sixes a pair of - fours, and an aee_twenty-one. I guess you'll be one j,f the three, pard." •1 know X will—it's pre-ordained," V3S the cool rejoinder; and the scout Cole stepped aside, his face palę, "but fearless. Scout Wallace was next. He hobbled forward with his irons, took the box, snd, turning to Cody, said, earnestly: *Td rather lose than have you do so, chief, for you have a great future before you." •'It may end right here, pard: but I thank you for the words;" and Cody and the — others -watched , Scout , Wallace . as .. he tattled the dice in the box and then threw. He hesitated before he reused the box; then quickly did so, and the j renegade chief, as before, counted: -A pair of fives, one six, one four, anS one deuce—twenty-one." The renegade chief .ęalled out io .thei Indians the result ol tjie throw, and iliey heard it with intense interest. Wallace then stepped back, and Soout Preston, a handsome young fellow, and an inveterate gambier among his comrades, stepped forward. "Renegade, I'll bet you my belt of sons you robbed me of against fifty dollars that I beat the throw just made," be said, recklessly. •Til take the bet," eagerly answered the renegade chief; and, turning" to Cody, Scout Preston continued: "Chief, if I am one of the unlucky ihree. make Renegade pay the bet if I •ffin in my throw, and if you get through oil right, send my money and what I Lave at the fort to my mother. Her address is on your books." With this he glanced recklessly over the crowd of Indians, winked at a pretty Indian girl near him, and said, addressing the renegade cliief: "Here goes. asęigtsnt head devil!" | Tiie fenegade chief, evidently a TŚOTn ambler himself, sprang quickly for- ! ward to note the throw of Scout Preston. the latter standing by, his reckless smile upon his fearless face, and yet betraying real interest to see if he had T.-nn his bet with his captor. "Three sixes and two threes—twenty-four'." called out the renegade chief, affd he repeated it in the Indian tongue. "It is a good throw, and you have , won your bet with me." the renegade admitted. • • - - "- "That is some consolation, at lĘast, if you nay it,". observed -ćPreston; ajjd .as he stepped back, "he added: "Lucfc to you, lieutenant, to the-diiefj" - Lieutenant Seaford ~was calm and serions. His face was utterly fearless, snd as he took up the box he shook it, bnt found there were no dice in it. The renegade banded the five dice to Km, and be dropped them into the box irith a hand in which there was not the elifrhiest tremor. "I can hardly wish myself luck, com rsdes; for what would be my life would be your death," he said, with a smile; s!h j then he made his throw. Baising the box when the renegade's eyes caught the throw, he called out: "Five fives—twenty-five! You have •tscaped, lieutenant, and it now remains to see what Colonel Cody will do." No change crcfcsed the faco of the handsome, brave young officer, and he i rtepped back to give place to Cody. The Indians, however, showed their 3isappointment at the officer's escape. They knew that he was a chief, being an officer, and they wished to see him die. As Colonel Cody was the next,and last, ilior luiekly calmed down to see the result of his throw. They one and all longed to see him throw a number that vrould doom him then and there to -death. The circle of chiefs crowded nearer, old Red Lightning drew closer and hatched the proceedings with the deepest interest. "•Renegade, Til bet you the money you stole from me against a like sum that Colonel Cody throws high, for you can't ^o-Kn his luck." "I won't take the bet," growled the raieęade. "What, back down from a dying nan," sneered Scout Preston. Stung by the words, the renegade chief said, hotly: "I'll take the bet." "Gooa; Remember, Chief Cody, I Ład eighty dollars that he stole from ^ so he's got to pay you that sum, ana it gQes t0 my motjieri too." "Bless your brave soul, Preston! You ^ one among a thousand," warmly .the lieu tenant, a&he.grasped; Jthe «®J<>f the fearless yóurig scout. stepped forward,with a smile tin' •°n Sis face. . . tfc Til i dark bronze of long exposure to elements lud any paleness his face otherwise hase shown, but;in jjoks and actions he was serene as a far morning-. He took up the' diceas before, it was empty. The handing him the dice, remark- ^^jow. Cody, j-our turn at the death r,^1-: Colonel Cody looked over the ^ s of tUe red laces upturned to las. r.ot a sound, and every eye opon him, for all in that vast crowd 3113 children knew tt2^y, a f mired coura ge above all and J et had grieved that not one feaT^J^v" 1206 foes shrunk ^ with X*™™ a* presence of death, • t t e ^ ^ ^ ^ t scout dropped to his comrades. quietly: , ,,ards - throw settles to be; but m Jie® L , y. he must show ^^deviis that when nerve and it ° Dt Mister ** £r o ™ the ' J?*?® ^ ŁHriy startled ljułłsu ' j s and set 'jitom- . - d and aś iraiby to barking, at which tire reckless young hordermtoian^f^'Sna' d Tve started every family- organ -in! the place. I didn't mean to do that, .-hief." colons! Cody had to. smile In spite or himself at the.bedlam raised by the war cry of Preston, and sib the pappooses had been sileneed aiid thedoga łoiked out of the crowd, he made' the last throw. , ' > Quietly he raised the box, and In an earnest tone," thai: seemed to • indicate pleasure at the insult, the renegade chief called out: . "Five sixes. Thirty!" "Tour three scouts, Golonel Cody, are the doomed trio!" CHAPTER LL—REVENGE. Not one of the three scouts flinched under the doom that bad overtaken them, but calmly looked at eaęh other.. Cody was the .first to speak, and lie addressed the renegade. "See here, chief, you have influence in this tribe, so use it to save my comrades." "1 cannot. I stretched my authority too far in delaying the day of revenge, and in saying that but three should now die. I even told them that the Great Spirit Had come to me in a dream, and. said that three only should die now, the others being kept for a great day. of the tribe, when the snows should melt. I tell you, I wanted to use all of yon. lor a game of my own, but had to let three go.. .You and the lieutenant are safe.", "Yes, and our. three; unfortunate comrades are-doomed." sadly said Cody, •while Lieutenant Seaford spoke up: ; "See here, chief. I am not a poor^maxi, and if Re<r Lightning -will "spare those men, I will send to«the CSrt aid get blankets, clothing and provisions for him and his people.'.' *T will ask him." And the renegade went apart and held an earnest conversation with the head chief. But old Bed Lightning was seen to shake his head, and then turn to the chiefs of -war bands. Btft they, too, shook their heads, and, returning, the renegade said: "It is useless. The chief says his people must have their revenge, and they are only sorry that all of you do not suffer to-day." . .<Don.t beg. him for our lives, chief, for jt xviu d0 J10 „ood>.. ^ s ^ r ^ . ton. "No, we have to go," Cole added, while Wallace rejoined: "Let us get ready, pards, for the red devils are becoming bloodthirsty." Cody stretched, forth his manacled hands and grasped a hand of each sćout in silent farewell. Lieutenant Seaford doing the same. Then the three men were placed against some trees side by side, and were bound there. The Indians opened an. avenue before them, and behind them no one stood. The chiefs then circled round them three times, the braves following their example and chanting a. wild song as they did so. Upon the little hill stood lied Lightning, the renegade, and several medicine chiefs, and In their midst were Colonel Cody and Lieutenant Seaford. They were stern-faced now, their lips hard set and their^eyes burning with a fierce light as they bent them upon their doomed comrades, whom they were powerless to help. The three doomed scCuts did not wince at the preparations for their death, but, lassoed to the trees at their backs > awaited the appalling ordeal through ^-J,;^ y^y must pass. The braves having circled thrice round the trio, passed to one side, and the young bucks followed, after which the women and children moved by, heaping upon them every indignity they could offer.. It's harder for you and the lieutenant. chief, than for us to bear," called out Scout Preston, while Wallace shouted:. "Only -remember, all this if you ę&cape.; •Yes,, don't forget what Indian revenge; is, lieutenant^ when you talk to the giiod missionaries EasC' cried Cole. "We wilLnot forget," responded Cody; and as he spoke the young bucks took a. stand-in front ol the prisoners, and at arrowshot distance from them. At the command of a young leader they began to shoot, and arrow after arrow was sent at its human target. And arrow after arrow cut the flesh, though none struck a vital part; for killing their foes quickly would not be sweet revenge long drawn out., Tiie brave prisoners shuddered as an arrow would cut into the flesh, hut there was no outcry, no appeal for a mercy that was unknown. They had nerved themselves to suffer and be strong — to bear all and die like the true braves they were. Great beads of sweat stood out upon the brows of Lieutenant Seaford and Colonel Cody, though the day was very cold, and their faces grew haggard, their eyes sunken, as they stood there and were compelled to witness the sickening sight. The young bucks were - then waved aside, the warriors took their places, and arrow after arrow was sent upon its mission to cut the flesh but not to kill, until at last human nature could hear no more, and, weakened by the loss blood, the head of one of the scouts fell forward, another followed soon after, and then, with a wild death-cry of despair, Scout Preston's soul also took its flight from its anguish-racked body. CHAPTER LtL—A SPECTRE Hf CAMP. ' Strange stories the Indians told of the range of mountains beyond them being the abiding-place of spirits, even told by the braves that they- had seen these spirits riding about the range in which their -visit -was usual, and there were scores of Indians who asserted that a, white horse and rider had ridden twice at night through their own village. In the whole tribe, there was not an Indian who would have dared raise rifle or bow against the weird being in white, -which they bielieved had .come back from the happy hunting-grounds to perfortósdineduty >pn' earth.f-'f : ; - .The;jen^ade Aaiief hfid told his pri soners of these -stories. of the Indians, and. furthermore bad added- that one night he had;seen the, spectre himself jBŁdted-giyen^diaseto U;bnLhe jptght jhst as'\reli have tried to- overtake ifie wind as' the white horse he was pursuing. "I am not superstitious, but I would not Hk«» that white horse and rider to cross my path again—no, not- for fortune," he, had said. . • - • This was.-the day before the death of the three iinfortunate iscoute,snd Colona CoSy had made no comment, though lie and bis 4»pi^anions~iiBd listened to the recital of the renegade with deep interest. -vnien Cody and Lieutenant Seaford had ^een their friends -<|ie, the. scout =had asked the renegade «hief to allow -thein to bury them. •'•<•>•<••': "I "dar« ęot now; bńt to^night I. Viii go viiiai yotjL, and jrou lean caręrthempff out-of; thfc valley and buiy jthem it ypa wiEb,"iie.answeried. ' ^Ipnel Coay was only too glad to get the 1 chance* land -eałd to the Ifentenant ns.*|'^-.'"'i^'f-iL'-Vs^SSr " " " ' Opceln mensa.t ' "Tliey Ji^«e<n ; 4he ^Waiitooks castat' " " "" ^ '"'l them by the Indians because they had not shared the Xale of their comrades, and they-were hooted all the way to their cabin. Left alone by the renegade, though they -well. knew there . were Tndian guards outside, they sat in silence, their thoughts reVerting to the dead, arrowpierced forms of their beloved comrades, still .tied to the trees .where they had been shot "to death; . The renegade had told.them that they, must get their own supper'as best they ćould, ironed as they were; for he was, .going to take his meal witlTRed Lightning, at whose tepee there was to be a pow-wow. They .made no reply, and, having no desire to eat, sat In gloomy silence, un aHe to shut out the .horrible sight they •had been forced to witness. They did not talk—their hearts were too full for that; hut silently they waited while the hours glided away. Then the renegade chief returned, and -seemed surprised that they had eaten no supper nor had gone to bed. "Don't mope, for it will do mo good," he said. They made no reply, and he continued: You were in great luck to have me I run the game for you, for the chances are that one of. you would not have thrown as high-as you did had T not fixed it." "What do yiiu mean?" sternly de-> manded Colonel Cody. ' ! " - "Goodness! are you angry because I, helped you out?" asked the man. "Come, explain,'what you mean," impatiently. urged Lieutenant Seaford. See here, I've -been a gambler all my liTe, apdja. earii-sharper as well, I m&.y say. I had to yield to the pressure and let three of your men die, though, for the purpose I had in view, 2 would like to have spared all of you. Not from mercy, mind you, but for a purpose. Well, I could use an officer of the army and Colonel Cody, chief of scouts, better than I could three ordinary scouts; so, as I go loaded for what turns up, I just played my loaded dice on you two, the other three playing'the unloaded ones. Do you understand?" -Tes; I see that we doubtless owe our' lives to your infernal treachery, for which, if it were in my -power, I would; break every bone in your body, though it were on my behalf," -retorted Colonel Cody, while Lieutenant Seaford sternly, supplemented: "Yes: though your-treachery to our comrades doubtless saved us, for their throws were high, yoitf are a most despicable wretch. We should have taken our chances with them." . • The renegade chief rose as though' in a.nge, but before he. could- Speak, the do&r; flew -open, and a brave sprang into the cabin, calling out that the spirit from the happy hunting-grounds was in the village ! "My God ! the "White Spectre in camp T' came with a groan from the lips of the renegade chief, and he turned with an almost despairing look to his two prisoners, as if looking to them for help. CHAPTER LIE-FROM THE ITAPPT HUNTING-GBODIflJS. "Let us see that spectre," said Colonel Cody, hobbling towards the door as fast as he could, ironed as he was. "No, no; m not look at it!" cried the renegade, -who now was trembling from head to foot. "There's another point to -which we differ," said Lieutenant Seaford. •wish to see it;" and he hobbled towards the door, "Let my young men stand firm and give no alarm !" the renegade chief ordered. still keeping his place in the full glare of the fire. The young men of the renegade's band seemed to have no desfcpe to move or give any alarm. There were several of them without 4he cabin as guards, and they stood in silent'awe. gazing at what they deemed was a visitant' from -the happy hunting-grounds. It"teas-aiter midnight, and there was a crescent moon which -was nearing the horizon, but it gave light enough to show that the whole village was wrapped in repose, save those at the renegade's cabin and the ghostly visitors—for there were two of them. "When Cody and Lieutenant Seaford reached the cabin door they beheld a sight that was indeed startling to superstitious-mind. The snow and the moonlight together, with the dark mountain sides, gave a weird light, by whose glow they saw, slowly riding down the valley, twbtior&emen;, and following in single file were three horses. The riders and their horses, even the three following, were white as the snow, and flowing robes -fell about them. Straight past the cabin they rode, and passed on to the little rise, above which grew the trees to which the bodies of the dead scouts were still bound. Here they halted, the riders dismounted, and the five horses gathered dose round them, at which movement the two prisoners and the Indian braves looked on in silent amazement—the redskins in deepest awe, while the renegade within still crouched in the full glare of the firelight. For some minutes—it seemed to the lookers-on a long time—the white-robed forms and steeds remained about the trees, distant several hundred yards from the cabin, and the weird moonlight revealing their every movement. What did it mean? Who were they? What was their purpose? Then, the scout and Lieut. Seaford, as well as the red-skin guards, saw the horses turn from the trees, and each uttered an exclamation of surprise as they beheld not only two, but five whiterobed riders, as the horses retraced the trail they had come "Chief, these are two spirits, and they have come for our dead friends; for now there are five spirit spectre horsemen going back up the =valley, returning to the happy hunting-grounds," said Cody, to the renegade, who only drew closer to the $re at' the announcement. . Back lip the trail -the five horsemen, apbedinswhh^.-qseent. jiunJil .they sflfeapj- "peaxed in the dfeep giado'or^itLfestangi \- **What v do you .ihake óf it, cJody ? whispered Lieutenant Seaford. ' "The Surgeon Scout playing- ighost; I take it," .was -tjie low reply- - • f - " "Let us tellthe chief all that we saw.' • "£To; tiie biaivee will dp that, and we must lis ten to them." Then thVisromg-braves -entered- the cabin, and -they told their chief what they had seen, adding: "The spirits came from the happy hunting-grounds, -and . took the dead pale- faces back -with them" Tiie renegade listenfed -with a. look of unutterable terror .on his: face;.-and; hoarsely ordered that his" young men should go to the-trees • and aee : a: 1he° bodies of tbfe de^ sconts'were therie. Two of them darted awiy, and when they returned they łioth told the same story—the three dead sootitB were 'gohe. "Thst; saves us łhe 4uty <it ';• burying i them,forvre wei^-waltingforyou -togo with ns as you promiBea to--nigh!t, o>sarved Oody. - '--:f• ; i. : '' .- 'T *cou!d «ot -jgo out of ihis cabin to- ^łlgjSit-aS* 1 * a*ortmie.-jSre31 me,'Ćoay,'tIo bide to the earth inspirit lormT' « ' '"Have we iiot serajprpofof tt?":iras ittody-s nhconaiamaaii^S?.' • ^ eatttr'i ft^'^iit'sr-SiV'-!: . ; f^ TbeEeve what t see, chief,. and tinctlysaw to-night that ^ilchicannot? account for." I think youmade a sad mistake in murdering our noble comrades," solemnly responded 'Lieutenant Seaford. "My God! I, could not help it! . It was forced upon me; and now I shall go mad if they, too, are to haunt me, for already another from the grave is aboutme day and night;" and the renegade chief buried his face in his hands, as though to shnt'out some dread haunting spectre ofthepast. CHAPTER LIT.—A HAUNTED MAN. Both Colonel Cody and Lieutenant. Seaford were deeply impressed with what they had seen, and yet could not account for. Not for a moment did they believe in the-supernatural, and yet it was unaccountable to them how they had seen two spectre-looking horsemen ride into the village, halt nut the trees •where hung the bodies of their slain comrades, and then five white-robed forms ride away like seeming phantoms. ' "It'smore than I can-grasp," muttered Cody to the lieutenant; and yet his) surprise did not prevent him from wishing to-make the renegade suffer for his crimes, and seeing this Lieutenant Seac ford chimed in with him. ! They had discovered that the renegade ! awoke with a nightmare -every night, ] that he shouted out in his sleep, and was frequently fighting off a spectre in * i.;- ^—. jmw i*mr.v»<i tint his dreams: They -were convinced that he had commuted some heinous crime, apd that there was a, woman who had been the sufferer/ 1 BiSt.now.-tłiey r flisoOvefed that he was-suffering great mental anguish when wide-awake. H}s crimes, his. wfld life, ana dwelling among the redskins had made Kim as superstitious as tbe -Indians whb had made him a chief in their tribe. In spite of their feelings towards the man, the scout and the officer were both compelled to pity him in the anguish he suffered, when he cried out: "For the love of Heaven, gentlemen. I ell me if you believe that spirits of the dead walk the earth?" "I have never believed so, and think now there is an explanation for what we saw, if we could only get at . it," Lieutenant Seaford said, compassionately. "But you saw them. Colonel Oody "Oh. yes, I saw a sight that I cannot explain." "Were you ever a haunted man?" "No." "l am;" and there was a world of meaning^ in the w<*ds and the manner in which they were spoken. As the two prisoners did not. pursue, the matter further, the renegade chief rose, paced to and fro for awhile, and then throwing more togs on- the Are, went over to his bunk in the other end of the cabin to retire. "If you bear me groaning In my. sleep, I beg you to awaken me," be said earnestly; and they both promised. They were impressed with the man ; for, in spite of his face in all its hideous war-paint, they saw that it was a fine one, and his language and manners indicated that he had been a gentleman and reared'in refinemet. You think it was Powell, then, playing oft the ghost?" whispered Lieutenant Seaford, as the two sat before the fire, and the steady breathing of the renegade showed that he was asleep. 'It flashed upon me that it was Powell." "I have known him to do some very reckless and clever things to rescue a friend in need." "But you forg-et your Ghost of the Mountains?" "Ah. yes; I had forgotten him. But then that was the other range of mountains -which he haunted." True; but he proved your friend more than once, and may be doing so again." It may be; but there was a pair of them to-night." "Five, as they rode away." •But how-do you account tor tta-t most cleveriiCt?" r "I hardly know. If It was Frank' Powell, he has one of my .scouts aiding him, and it was a desperately bold game for them to enter this village as they did." "And carry off the three bodies, too. I cannot understand that performance, Cody." "Nor can I, lieutenant." "May not Powell have met" your friendly ghost and joined forces with him?" ''Ah that may be. But whoever it was who was playing the ghost must have been aware that our three comrades were killed to-day, they doubtless witnessing the whole afflaSr from the mountains." "Yes; and if they can cany off the dead, the living may not be neglected." "That is juet" what I was thinking, and I fancy we had better be on the Jook-out for more-ghostly visitors. If they only knew it, they would find nothing to harm them here, for the renegade would die with fright and the young bucks stand calmly and see them rescue us. -But now let us fay and sleep, sir Ah! there is the renegade chased ' by a whole graveyard full of ghosts from the way-he howls." And Cody hastened over to awaken the haunted man, who was suffering untold agony in his dreams. {To be Continued.) 