STAGE, S8NG IP SHOW. . Local Changes. General Gossip, At the Criterion Theatre "The Tree of Knowledge" will be succeeded by Haddon- Chambers" play "The Idler," first produced by Mr. Cartwright in Sydney at the Garrick. On . this occasion Mr. Cartwright, fine actoivas he is, will be supported by the able members of his company. "The- Idler," which was first produced in Australia, secured a world-wide reputation. "Hamlet," and his iriky cloak, and the ghost of his father, and the whole Court of Denmark, have been so eminently success ful in alluring the popular silver that the management of Her Majesty's has decided to extend the season to Wednesday after noon. Instead of winding up his appearance as tlie Danish prince last night Mr. Wilson Berrett will continue to make remarks In im passioned language about his dear lamented father for three more nights, that is to-night 'and on Monday and Tuesday nights. On Wednesday afternoon the last performance of "Hamlet" will be given, and a triple bill will be produced on Wednesday night. Thip will consist of "Chatterton," "A Clerical Er ror," and "The Colour- Sergeant." This will run until Friday night, and on Saturday night next "Ben- My-Chree," Mr. Barrett's dramatisation of Hall Calne's work, will be s;aged for six nights. Three nights of "Vlrglnius" will follow, and "Othello" will close the season. Mr. Bland Holt's production of "The Cot ton King" at the Theatre Royal will run till Friday next, when It will be succeeded by "A Life of Pleasure." "The Cotton King" has proved such a pronounced success that its run has exceeded anticipations. The last performances of Harmston's Circus are announced. This afternoon and to-night the great attraction will see final entertain ments, except one, which is to be given on Monday night in aid of the Civil Ambulance and Transport Brigade. "The Idler," which Is to be staged at the Criterion to-night, recalls pleasant memories of its first production on January 31, 1891, at the Garrick, now the Tivoli, by Mr. Cart- wright, Miss Olga Nethersole, Mr. E. Sass, Mr. Laurence Cautley, Miss Mary Kingsley, and others, forming a company of strong parts. "The Idler" Is one of Mr. Haddon Chambers' earlier successes, and in construc tive ability is adjudged superior to "Captain Swift." It is free from conventional faults, and Is a wholesome, intelligent work, the characters being people of strong human In terest. The plot hinges on the career of Mark Cross, who after a wild youthful career in Western America repairs to London, and there meets several old acquaintances. He fails in love with a good girl, who marries his friend during Mark's temporary absence, and the latter on his return seeks to win her lovo, even though she is a wife. All ends well, and Mark's better nature asserts itself, and he goes on a voyage to the North Pole. The complications are powerful and intensely in teresting, and the play is such a fine piece of work that it deserves a good run. In the cast Mr. Cartwright, who as a character actor has won the highest distinction in London, will play the part of Mark Cross, the man who tries to steal Lady Harding's love from her husband; Miss Beatrice Lamb will imper- sonate Lady Harding, and Mr. Arthur Styan will take the part of Sir John Harding. Mr. Robert Henry announces that his com pany to-night and on Monday and Tuesdav nights will produce at tlie Royal Standard Theatre, next to the Metropolitan Fire Sta tion, Castleroagh-street, the popular emo tional drama, "East Lynne." The last time we saw this soulful drama played the au dience were extremely affected by the pathos of the piece. "East Lynne" is, of course, founded on the novel of that name, by Mrs. Henry Wood. The full strength of the com pany will present the play. Miss Peggy Pryde, the serio- comic, will be here on May 14, and appear at the Tivoli. She is coming on the Nineveh from South Africa. Messrs. Forman and Fannan, patter comedi ans, arrive on May 14, by the R.M.S. Oroya. Among those who will be missed at the Tivoli are the clever Kellinos, whose almost incre dible acrobatic feats made thousands marvel. They go to Melbourne, but In their stead we will have the Hegeimanns, the three wonderful aerial gymnasts, who reappear at this after noon's performance. Miss Lilian Tree, .the sweet songstress, who has been on tour in West Australia, opens on Saturday, May 7 at the Tivoli. On Friday night, May 6, the talented Haytors will conclude a 14 months' engagement. On .that night they will take a well-merited benefit, to which special Items will be contributed by members of the com pany. Thei management of the Tivoli ac knowledges that the Haytors have, in their Australian tour, been one of the most suc cessful group of artists that have ever blessed the Australian boards. At all events gene ral public opinion will endorse this. No won der we find that Mr. Rickards has mada a contract with those favourite artists at an advanced salary to return in 1900 to Australia and do another season under Mr. Rickards" auspices. Mr. Austin Rudd, whose "Red Light" and other cheerful ditties have won fame for him, will go to Melbourne next week. Michael Nolan and Miss Agnes Hazel will make their- reappearance at the Tivoli in the matinee on May 7, M'Kisson and ICearns, and Ida Ross- lyn leave on Tuesday next for Perth. Miss Beatrice Griffiths, the young Austra lian pianist, made lior -appearance in London on March 24 at the Queen's Hall, with her sisters, Miss Muriel and Miss Bessie Grif fiths, who play the violin and 'cello respect ively. The "Morning Post" says of Miss Beatrice Griffiths:— "Miss Griffiths experienc ed no difficulty from the outset in establish ing herself on good terms with her audience. Her technical capacity is great, and she plays with singular power. Having rendered an excellent account of the Chopin Sonata, she displayed her versatility of style In a group of pieces by Chopin, Schumann, Mozart, and ICowalski. Her sisters, Misses Muriel and Bessie Griffiths, proved themselves expert performers on the violin and violoncello." The "Dally Mall" has this to say of the sis ters: — "In Beethoven's C minor trio the sis ters were especially successful in the "An dante con varlazionl" movement: Miss Bea trice Griffiths played Chopin's B minor So nata with knowledge and care, r,i<i w»s also very successful In the G flat study by the same composer, and in an "Etude Eolienne " which her former master, M. ICowalski, com posed especially for and dedicated to her. Miss Muriel Griffiths,' a" pupil of M." Johannes Wolff, plkyed Max Brueh's well-known violin concerto. The war spirit of the times has created a demand for drama of the class in which fire- eating is the chief feature.' Being up to date as usual, Mr. Dan Barry at Melbourne Alex andra har, promptly staged "The Roll of the Drum." "The Babes in the Wood" has proved so successful at the Princess, Melbourne, that two. matinees a week were unable to relieve the pressure on the space at night. A dra matic season follows, the "Royab Divorce" being staged on May 7. Chief Justice Madden, addressing the Mel bourne Shakespeare Society at the birthday commemoration of the bard, deplored the lo cal tendency to what he called American trash, Instead of works of Shakespeare. 1-Ie asked the young Victorians to squeeze out the admiration of Bret Hafte and Mark Twain. Sir John_ evidently would like to feed the rising generation solely on roast beef, and deprive them altogether of dessert. Mr. William Elton Is appearing In "The Gondoliers" at the London Savoy. Mr. Robert Cunningham appeared in the production of Sullivan'S sacred cantata, "The Martyr of Antiocli," at Edinburgh, by the Carl Rosa Company. The curtain was raised no less than six times at the close of the performance. Mr. Sydney Grundy, the playwright, ad vises the dramatic critic to be silent when he cannot praise. How would Mr. Grundy like the critic to tell the actors not to act If they were born to be shopwalkers? Mr. Lionel Rignold appears as the farcical hero in a new farcical comedy, entitled "The J.P.," at the Shakespeare Theatre, Clapliam Junction. The story of Miss Nellie Farren having been suddenly stricken down by illness Is somewhat new to Sydney, people, who have a vivid reeollcctidn of the Smiling Nellie, framed in a profusion of flowers, -leaning over the vessel's side at the wharf, or waft ing farewell kisses to a multitude, foremost of which was a now somewhat elevated poli tician.' Miss Farreft didn't1 at .all. look as If rheumatism had marked her for its own. Ventriloquist J. W. Winton has made his reappearance at Melbourne Opera House. Miss Alice Simmons, the sweet soprano, also reappeared after an enforced absence through illness. The Kellinos are announc ed to appear at Mr. Rickards'- Melbourne he use to-night. "When London Sleeps" has been running five weeks at the Royal, Melbourne. At St. George's Hall, Melbourne, Professor Ken nedy secured the patronage of the U.S. Cont sul-Goneral, Colonel Bray (they are all co lonels), and America and British airs were sung to patriotic plaudits. Mr. M'Vickei's, the leading man of the company with which Miss Pattie Browne will make her reapearance in Australia, in June, landed at Adelaide, and thus escaped being quarantined In Melbourne. At Ade laide he met Mr, Rickards, who was going West, and they had a chat over matters generally, including the opening production of the "Little Minister." The night before the benefit to Miss Nellie! Barren the attendants at Drury Lane Thea tre roused out some enthusiasts hiding under the seats in the hope of snoozing there until daybreak, and then selecting the front row. Summarily ejected, they took up their sland outside the theatre. During the night the people camped outside the theatre "in creased; some brought Chinese lanterns and books, and tried to read; others came equip ped with camp stools; some played cards, while more snored peacefully with a dally paper for a couch. The dwellers in the vicinity hired out their furniture, and the restaurateurs catered briskly. The day the 17th of March, was ushered in with song some giving songs of the Emerald Isle. It was altogether a picturesque scene, scarcely credible to people out' here! . About 4 a.m. the theatre managers sent round hot coffee anil bread and butter. At 10 a.m. the doors were opened to a multitude twice too large for the theatre. Inside, Grace Palotta, Maud Bc.bson, Berdie Sutherland, Dorathea Baird, Mary and Daisy Brough were vending pho tos of Nellie, dainty programmes, souvenirs, lollies, at prices from half a guinea to half a crown. What a combination of talent was in the bill? Three hundred popular per formers. As one pro. put it, "Just like the whole front page of the 'Era.'" At the cm, elusion of the great performance the au dience sang "Auld Lang Syne." The Roths childs have undertaken to invest the pro ceeds in high-class securities for n/rios Far ren. Miss Elsie 'Adair, who not long ago played a brief season In Sydney, was in Kobe, Japan, at the eud of March. At her fare- well performance, Mr. Melton Prior the war artist, recounted some of his experiences In different parts of the world. The Brough Comedy Company have had successful business at Hongkong, where they produced "A Pair of Spectacles " when the Ia3t mall left. The local press says that Hongkong was very sorry to lose such an array of first-class talent. Miss Nellie Farren made lier first appear ance in 1S64. Her grandfather, when play ing Shylock, at Manchester, once demand ed his pound of flesh.- As he was nyverv skinny man, a fellow In the gallery called out, "Oh, lot old Skinny have the flesh; you can see he wants it bad enough." J.s 5111 extract from a chat with Miss Nellie Farren," which appeared in a London paper:— Miss Farren was sadly missed when her companions returned to the Gaiety on the Christmas Eve of 1891 to play "Cinder-Ellen Up Too Late," which had been produced in Australia. It was there the seeds of her illness were sown; but her heart goes "down under" very often, when she thinks of the welcome tlie Australians gave her, and of the farewell that was shouted from the crowded steamers that attended the company down tho Parramatta River (?) as the homeward jour ney was begun. "During your long and prosperous career you have had many valuable presents. Miss Farren?" n very , many," was (the ready reply; and from mysterious sources, too; rings, brooches, watches, chains, earrings, conveyed to me in beautiful bouquets from unknown admirers; but'— with a sigh— "they are all gone, now. The Opera Comique completed the disaster which my illness began. "Just one more reminiscence, if you please, I am indebted for it to Mr. Fred. Storey, On .that Australian tour you had a most con scientious stage- manager, whose invariable reply to any member of the company who wanted a new pair of shoes, or a new wig, or a new anything, was: "I cannot supply anything until I have cabled to Mr. George Ldwardes.' Of course, the actors and act resses after that were always wanting, or pretending to want, and that stage- manager had a bad time, But he contrived to turn the tables on Fred, Leslie. One night the comedian dreamt that he had charge of your jewels in his bedroom, and that a burglar was attempting to carry them off. Half-awake and half-asleep he shouted for assistance; and the stage-manager, who occupied the ad- joining room, appeared on the scene. 'Call the police! catch hold of the scoundrel!' cried cannot 'render any assistance until I have cabled for instructions to Mr. George Edwardes/ was the reply." 