THE YELLOW HAND. by allen upward, CHAPTER VIII.— (Continued.) it is very good of you to navo coine to see me. As you may perceive, I am not able to go about, or I should bavo done myself the pleasure of calling on you before this. I was slightly acquainted with Captain Blackman, who used to live in your house." "So I understand, I answered, speaking like a man in a dream. "I am extremely sorry to And you In this condition. Perhaps I ought to have come before, but I was told that you lived a very retired llfo, and I feared I might be In truding." I thought that tho ghost ot a sneer rose to tho unseen lips. But It muy have beeu fancy. "It is vory far from intrusion. I am seldom well enough to receive visitors, hut when I am I consider It a great favor for anyone to bestow a little time on a cripple like myself." So he called himself a cripple. What, then, became of my belief that someone had brought a laddor into my grounds, and made use of it to ascend into the locked room? He turned to the girl, who had stood near the door, watching us with a subdued and attentive air. "You need not remain, Lucia. I daresay Mr. " ' I hastoned to mention my name. "Tlinnk you — will not mind finding his own way out. That is, if you havo anything you wish to do?" It was worded like a permission. Was I wrong In thinking it was really a command? Lucia bowed her head, with something very like dis appointment, and glided out, closing the baize door behind her. "A very good girl that," observed tho invalid. "I daresay you have heard my name Is Manuel?" ' I bowed. "She is my ward, as I believe you know." "She told mo so," I answered bluntly. "Quito so. I fear I am but a poor guardian for her. Sho loads but a dull life with me, poor thing. No one ever comes hore." This did not quite correspond with Lucia's statement. Could It have been that the speaker noticed my uouni? no immediately corrected himself. "With the exception of my agent I never see a soul. I have some property abroad, in the East, which gives me a certain amount of worry. I spent many years in China." "Indeed. That accounts for tho oharacter ot this room," I remarked boldly. "Yes." The eyes glittered for a moment, but tho lashes Instantly veiled thorn again. For a minute there was a silence; then he resumed the conversation. v For some time wo talked on indifferent topics — the climate of East Anglia, tho character of tho scenery, and such things. But I had a feeling that all tills was merely fencing, preparatory to something which my companion was keeping In reserve, something which he had really sent for nto in order to say. "Tho roods about here are very good," I re marked presently. "I took a long drive tho other day, to havo a look at the derelict yacht that has been left behind by Captain Blackman." With a gleam like lightning the eyes oponed 'and closed. "You mean the Terror? Captain Blackman sold tho hulk to me when he went away." Was this the communication I had been sum moned to receive? As soon as the first shock of. surprise had passed, I concluded that It was not' I hiad myBOlf Introduced this subject, bo entirely without any prompting or leading up on the part of tho recluse. Yet the announcement I hail just heard filled mo with Indescribable uneasiness. I sat gazing at that lifeless head with Its unnatural waxen skin, ns if I had look uuawares Into the slimy cavern where an octopus lay coiled, and expected every instant to see itB horrid tentacles dart at 1110 to clutch me down. I sdt 011, listening to the calm, colorless tlow of unimportant remarks, the merest small coin of civility, which proceeded in an even llow from that mouth so like the incision of a knife. Sud denly, In Ike very midst of it all. while my slack ened attention was straying off to the outlandish ltrceses and poniards an tho sldo-tablcs, nnd the esoteric ornaments of the roof of tho room, a question, slipped at me like n ferret, made ma pull myself together, as It were, with a jerk, every faculty strained to Its utmost tension. "Do you Intend to remain at Strungownyu — much longer?" With my nerves so sensitively 011 the alert it Whs lrapossile for me not to detect the tremen dous significance of tho question— the tremendous significance of those two closing words. I was sitting In a room, furnished nnd decorated in an unuBUal manner, It is true, but still an ordinary room; I was talking to a sick man, a man whoso disease was of a nature outside my experience, but still to all appearance a natural disease; the occasion ot tho interview was of tho most stmpla and conventional kind; tho whole conversation, even the question just put to mo, was entirely commonplace upon tbo surfaco. All this was so and yet I felt as If I had received tho first prick of the electric current from a battery charged with enough ot tho silent, terrible Quid to reduce me to a olnd—- wu more. J felt that tho man of tho Yellow Room know that I under stood him. I drew a deep breath. At last It scorned to me that I understood something of tho cause of tho slow, stealthy campaign which hail boon proceed ing ever since I Installed myself In the bouse call ed Strnngoways. It must bo tlmt for somo reason or other ray presence tliero was obnoxious. I was an obstacle to bo got rid of, an Intruder who wns to be gradually driven by sheer stress of terror to abandon that evil place and flee. And now, be lieving that I had been sufficiently beaten down, thnt my courage bail been sufficiently sapped, my invisible cnctny bail boldly shown Ills hand, and had given me this plain anil direct notice to take to flight. For a brief space tho mask was dropped. Tho Ivory surface ot that mummied face quivered. The eyes looked out from beneath their llils, fierce cruel, menacing, with a look liko that of tho strange Chinese visitor who had been, I no longer doubted, nil emissary of tho man before me. And calling up the whole forco of my will, strength ened by the nccumulatcd rnge'of so many weeks, I looked back In hatred aud defiance, as I ans wered ; "Yes. I have no Intention of quitting Strange- ways." I spoke the words quietly, even coldly, not at nil like one who Is hurliug a mortal doflnnce at a mortal foe. And so we remained glaring at each other for n full minute, I mill that yellow, grave- llko carcase, animated by a horrible vitality that seemed like the life of a ghoul rather than a man. And as wo sat and gazed at each other thus, n transformation came over me such as t have never since been able to recall without n shudder. For I became maddened by that dreadful look and by that dreadful fear, as if there wore a poisonous vapor radiating from tho man who fixed that look upon me, anil stealing ill through every poro and crevice of my brain. 1 felt my head throb and reel with a fearful wave ot excitement that seem ed all at once to surge up wltliln me, sweeping be fore it all remembrance of the ordinary restraints nnd rules ot conduct. It was ns it some spell hail stripped us both of nil the outwnril trappings of civilisation, of the vory thoughts and habits of common humanity, and our two spirits were grap pling In mld-alr In mortal shock As in a dream, I was dimly aware that I had risen to my feet, risen with tho furious resolve to slay that hid eous creature then nnd there. Already I had taken a noiseless stop forward upon the yielding carpet, already my fingers wore curving, tingling to fasten themselves upon that fieshlcss neck. And then, without tho slightest warning, there came over mo the sensation I hail experienced onco before, outside the secret circle under the firs, the sensation of being held hack as by an Iron clasp, of struggling helplessly as an Infant against some utterly overwhelming liower that stood like a solid wall between me and the mau I wns about to murder. How long I stood like that I never know. As far as I wns concerned It might have boon a single second only; It might have been years. I was In a trance, and tho horror of it was that I knew I was in a trance. I know that the monster had hypnotised me, had filled me with that awful murderous Impulso, nnd had struck me motionless 011 the edge of its fulfilment. 1 knew that I, the man Who hail come Into-thnt room a human being with the Instincts of my kind, hail been changed Into a wild boast, a demon, in the twinkling of an eye. And then the spell was snapped. There was a gentle kuock outside, the baizo door opened, and -Lucia came in. "Are you going?" she exclaimed softly, in a tone of regret. I bowed. "But you will come back again," said tho re cluse smoothly; "unless I succeed In penetrating to Strnngoways?" I gave a slight shudder, mnde the necessary adieux as briefly ns possible, and left, follbwed by a wondering, startled look from Lucia's eyes which haunted me for many days. Left? I fled, the victim of that same unreason ing fear which had driven me from the grove of firs anil from the spectral yacht. And closing the wicket of the Green Cottage behind me, I sworo an oath that I would never cross that threshold nor face that man nguin. Inside the gates of Strangeways 1 passed tho child, my nephew. He started forward as if to speak to me, and then shrank back with an ex pression on his pale face that I dared not nsk tho renson of. Throwing him an angry nod, I strode on up to the house, and in the porch found Parltor waiting for 1110 anxiously. "If you please, sir- — " he began, nnd then he too stopped short and began to stare at me In the fashion I knew too well. "Well, what Is it?" I demanded savagely. "Don't stare at me like an idiot! What do you want with mo?" Parker tried to recover Ills habitual composure. "If you please, sir, Professor Belllngbam lias come. He Is wniting for you in the library." Profesor Belllngbam wns the delegate of the Society I have already spoken of. The secretary of tho Society hail answered my communication as soon ns he received it, promising to lay my re quest before his committee nt their earliest meet ing. Subsequently lie wrote, Informing me that the committee bail met, that they considered my request for an Investigation a bonn-fiile 0110, and tlrat, at their suggestion, Profesor Belllngbam had consented to pay me a visit, with a view to studying the circumstances, The name of the Professor wns well known to me. He was n distinguished light ot my own University; nnd though I bad never attended Ills lectures, which wore on the Clialdnic languages and antiquities, I knew him by sight. To tho world he wns known simply as a Chalduic scholar, but un inner circle were aware that, be was deep ly read ill tho whole literature of the magical superstition, and that such studies absorbed moro of his real devotion than those connected with his Chair. A telegram hail warned me ot the hour of Ills arrival, but I had forgotten it ill the uuxieties of the last hour. I hastened into tho library to make my apologies. Professor Bolllngham stood up as I entered, unchanged In appearance since the days when I used to pass Mm in the quadrangles of Trinity; a man with an inscrutable eye veiled by spectacles, a hesitating manner, a long, neglected beard and grey hair, who wore Ill-fitting clothes, and spoke In a voice hardly ubove a whisper. The Professor shook hands, civilly rebuffed my excuses, and then, stepping back with an aston ished look, Interrupted a seutcncc to exclaim: "Pardon me If I secin to Lake a liberty, but are those vory singular marks natural?" "What marks? Where?" I gasped out. "On your nook, under tho chin. Thore Is the distinct outline of a hand, as if somooue had Just seized you by the throat!" (To be continued.) 