Personal Gossip. David Larnach, the N.Z. legislator who suicided, oDce had an exciting time at a Dunedin election meeting. His electorate had been cut up, and a portion of the new constituents were very hostile to Larnach. At the first meeting they gave him a very warm time, even getting down to pelting him with turnips and potatoes. " Dawvid " lost his temper, and howled, " To the kennel, you curs ! to the kennel, you curs ! " For many years afterwards the first cry at his meetings was, " To the kennel, you curs." Mr. Robert Hamilton Russell, the surveyor, who in '36 laid out Melb. city, still lives in one of the suburbs, at 90 years of age, and in poverty. The presentation to the Lands Minister of a portrait of the old man, painted by Magistrate Panton's daughter, was an opportune time last week to bring the veteran's case under notice, and he will be well looked after for the future. Dr. Carr, R.C. Archbishop of Melb., achievedfa remarkable feat at Broonifield, Ireland, on August 21, by preaching a sermon which produced a collection of over £1,000. By the way, the Archp. is reported as having stated at an Irish temperance meeting that during his 12 years' residence in Melb. he had never seem a drunken man or woman. Whew ! One of S.A.'s wealthiest sheepfarmers is Mr. Alfred MasKn, of Bundaleer, who is reputed to be worth over a quarter- million. Stated that he recently divided Bundaleer station between two of his sons, the youngest getting 35,000 out of the 70,000 acres. More of the Creswick (Vic.) Relief Fund. Mr. Jacobs, the mortgagee, who got the whole of the funds advanced on his tobacco building, draws a salary of £650 a year as liquidator of the Country Estates co., a rubbishy land boom affair. Mayor McEacharn wants to let this man off his liability. He pleads " Don't send poor Mr. Jacobs with £650 a year to the insolvency court." That would be a pity ! Far better to send him to Creswick, where a coroner's court would be required to properly fix him up. Sir Benjamin Benjamin, who was a trustee when this advance was sanctioned, is the moving spirit to get Jacobs released. Phew ! How the whole thing smells. It may interest S.A. old-timers to know that the trustees of the estate of the late Phillip Levi, one of the pioneers of the Northern country, in fifteen years collected from the sale of stations, &c.;, £507,585. The disbursements on account of stations, interest on mortgages, mortgages paid off, &c.;, totalled £256,096. Besides paying 20s. in the pound the estate paid £42,114 away in interest. These figures show what a valuable estate the old pioneer had to surrender under the pressure of a one-time " philanthropist." S.A. Police Commissioner Madley was once a school teacher. Judging by his screamingly funuy Children's Protection Act he cannot shake off his early training. A Commissioner of Police should be a broadminded man of the world, not a mere groper with a baton. They do say that Sir Langdon Bonython got a horrid shock on reading the leader in the 'Tiser slating Mr. " Morty" Muirhead and the Earl over the Outer Harbor fiasco. It was such a unique experience for the 'Tiser to be kicking—generally it is grovelling. Harrison Davies, the Londoner who got many thousands out of Hooley for seeing the evening papers " were kept quiet," was once a New Zealand life insurance canvasser. He was so good at the life game that he earned from £1,500 to £2,000 a year. The Adelaide dailies each clear a good £1,200 a year out of their " Hatisard " contracts. V.R.C. Sec. Byron Moore was Vic. Assistant Surveyor-General when Black Wednesday. January, 1878, dawned. Then he went into biz. as surveyor, land agent, and stock broker, and organised the Exchange Building in Collins- street, now the " Old Exchange," on which premises his offices are, even unto this day. He succeeded R. C. Bagot as V.R.C. sec., and his successes as such make one the brightest chapters in the history of Vic. racing The V.R.C. sec. is a level-headed sec. He's not a horse-talker or better, but loves the sport in his own quiet way. Last week we had a sketch of him in our sporting page. Lord Kilmorey is said to be very much " down in the dumps " over the so far failure of his Outer Harbor Bill. Its chalices of ever becoming law look hopeless. M.P. Randell, who represents Gumeracha, is 74 years old. He has spent 61 years in S.A. Romancer de Rougement, despite the assertions of Bart. Newnes, the Tit-Bits pot-boiler, is none other than Grien, of Sydney. A lady, who met him in Brisbane, identified him in T.B. office, and she says his yarns are identical with " Travels in the South Sea Islands," which she gave him to read. This world is too small for the liar. Melb. has a woman architect. M.P. Roberts says, " There are 600 little homes of honest S.A. workers in God knows what straits." Cheap claptrap ! It is doubtful if Roberta could locate these homes if he was pressed to substantiate his words. Sir Matthew Henry Davies, still plugging away at his Melb. solicitor biz., made one of his rare appearances in a court last week, as counsel for a florist charged with over- working a girl. Matthew has survived the boom collapse and his own troubles, and is quite his old self in looks. Melb. medical world and others were shocked to hear of the death of Mr. Frank Crowther, M.B., at Warracknabeal. The genial little doctor, after a splendid Melb. 'Varsity career, was resident first at Melb. Hospital and then at the Alfred. A few days before his death he began private practice at Warracknabeal, but pneumonia killed him after a four days' ourne. struggle. He was one of a^well-known Brighton (Melb.) family. "Icarus," of Melb. Sportsman, tackles King O'Malley on his crusade against barmaids, he being of Irish descent, which means chivalrousnes s for the sex. The writer, however, puts O'Malley's untraditional conduct down to the superciliousnessof "the eirl with the gamboge hair." Vic. Labor Member Bromley blossoms into tlie secretary of the Licensed Victuallers' Ass. at £150 a year, and pickings. There was great competition for the post, but the argument of the free railway pass carried the North Carlton man to victory. It., is a glorious thing to be a member of Parliament. Great ghosts ! And this is fame. " Mr. Donnalley M. P., of A., has moved to submit the question of employing barmaids to a referendum."—How theadvt. O'Malley is talked about in Melb. Poonch. To-day (Saturday, October 22) the Right Hon. Charles Cameron Kingston, P.C., D.C.L., Q.C., M.P., &c.;, &c.;, completes his 48th year. He still lives in the family mansion in which he was born. Holder, Cockburn, and Gordon, original members of the Kingston Government, were all born in 1850, and so was Dr. Magarey, who was asked to take Gordon's place when he resigned. The preliminary gallops are over, and the field is moving away along the Flemington straight, past the home turn, and on in a direct line to the starting post of Australia's biggest handicap and biggest two-yearold race, the Melb. Cup and the Maribyrnong Plate— a wide contrast in events, but both starting from the same mark. Before the field has got beyond the range of unaided sight, a sturdily-built, erect elderly gentleman mounted on a grey steed gallops after them, bound also for the starting-post. A few minutes later, and a single gong-stroke scarcely precedes a roar of " They're off!" No one seems to have backed the grey steed, or to care that he has been left at the post. So hopelessly, however, has the sturdy elderly horseman been left that he presently canters back to the paddock without taking part in <;he race. Yet the fact that he's back again so soon proves that once more the George Watson has done his work well and got his field away with all a veteran's skill. In his old hunting days it wasn't behind the field that one looked for him. A man in Western N.S.W., near the South Australian border, a couple of weeks ago dreamt Cocos and The Grafter for the two Cups. He was a station hand. He rose from his bunk to write down the names of the two horses, as evidence against the man who does not believe in dreams, and dropped down dead. His mates on the station did in their little bit on the ghoulish double. Chas. Serjeant, the insolvent Gippsland (Vic.) M.L.C., has been fighting his fate for a long time. Was one of the pioneers of the Gippsland timber trade, and got nipped in the land boom. His pet idea was voting by post. He got a bill for this through the Council twice, but it fell out when it reached tho Assembly. He was never quite in the inner ring of the Upper House, because he never had money enough. The little altercation between the oldest member of the S.A. Assembly and one of our military legislators last week was far more serious than was made to appear from the newspaper reports of the incident. The senior of the two disputants was still fierily indignant after his antagonist resumed his seat, and he did not mince matters when telling the gallant soldier what he thought of him. The quarrel proceeded so far as to include an invitation for a ten minutes' retirement into a private room to properly settle the trouble by an appeal to physical force. However, the younger man kept his temper, and a peacemaker arriving on the scene, a separation was effected before the crisis was reached. Mr. A. H. Landseer, " the father of the Assembly," had a stroke of apoplexy last week, and for a time his condition was very serious. Stated that the Salvation Army are negotiating for the purchase of the Bushman's Club, Adelaide. "Mr. W. H. Duncan, M.P., who is a nephew of Sir W. W. Hughes, the great copper magnate of S.A., was chiefly instrumental in getting the late Captain Lockyer appointed his first command on the Australian coast. The steamer was the "Kangaroo," which 28 years ago carried passengers and. mails between Port Adelaide and Wallaroo. Other wellknown, but now obsolete, vessels which were also under the charge of Capt. Lockyer were the " Royal Shepherd" and the " Lubra." Photo, bij Johnstone O'Shannes.iy <£• Co., Melb First Surveyor of Melbourne, MR. RUSSELL. ARTIST ASHTOF. The V.R.C. Starter, MR. GEO. WATSON. 