CORUENT TOPICS. j (Rr Astaji.) It is truly said that the old gentleman^ with the plovcn hoof takes oare of his ovn,~' Johu Norton, the fire eating editor of 44 Truth' aud netv-fledged alderman of the City of Sydney, has had another eecape ; hut the pitchfr goes once too often to the fouutaiu. Jack Want, the Attnruey-6eue« ralt has twice let the versatile John pff. At the same lime no one would be more pleased than Jack to see Norton comfortably housed at her Majesty's expense. Emboldened by past success, he is about to eeek yet further distinction. This time he is going for Par liament, and if he gets in, which pretty certain, as the voters in some electorates glory in having fire brand representatives, end the electorate that takes John Norton to its bosom will have all they cculd wish for and eomething to epare. The dullness of the Assembly will be enlivened by his warm speeches, and some of his politi cal opponents will hare a merry time of it if they happen to run fopl of him. The chances are however they will not nec£ to rati {oul-t{ him?4.s be KiU-make it iiisi/csi- nesa to rub thepi down the wrong way. John Norton is in tbp habit of asking awk ward questions, antf be will have a wider Held in Parliament than in tbe City Council, though it does not appear to bo a difficult matter there. Such men may do some good but they generally do much more harm, and it is one of the penalties of democracy that they are enabled by a rabble vote. tp. find their way into the legislature, * That eable ghost does not appear to hare been laid yet, JUl the children of the town have got hold of the story, and it is amus ing to hear them discussing it amongst them selves, and frcm the description some of tbem give of it, the ghost assumes nevr forms every night. With some it has horns, others go f.o far as to say it has a tail. It was seen in Orson-street recently, and inspired f«ar in tbe heart of one full-grown man, who is well known as a barracfeer ; but he did sot attempt to bau^y words on that occasion, as his tonguo clave to the roof of his mouth, He was bo deeply impressed that he would not venture home that night and sleep in his house alone, so he went to a friend's hoase in another part of the town. If other kinds of spirits did no more barm than this imagi nary ghost there would be . fewer heads requiring wet towels. Imagination creates mure ghosts than ever walk the partb of tbeir own accord. The other night a cow got into a garden, nnd breathing heavily while eating the choicest and most succulent plants growing there, the lady of the house who happened to be alone, aud haying h*afd of the ghost, became seriously alarmed, but not daripg to leave the hou&e; for fear of stepping into the a^mB of this notf notorious spook, had to remain for eome time alone. Meanwhile the cow leisurely demolished the garden. Eventually the master of the house returned, and the cow was ejected in a sum mary manner, aud peace was restored to that house. It was a good thing for. the cow that she was misbakeu for a ghost, but not for the garden; * * Tbe war-cloud has shifted from the Chioa eating nat ons to the other eide, and the Americans are anxious to try conclusions ft'ith that one time brilliant, but now effete nation. Spain. It was Spanish explorers who discovered America and first -opeued-. parts of it up, and it was looked upon aa the offspring of the Dons. There is a troe Baying that eome people train np their children, so that when they get old 'enough tbey turn r- up 1 and ' wallop ' their father. If America and Spain go to war this will very likely happen. The Maine disaster has more to do with the billicoa attitude of America, than the wrongs of the Cubans, though in aH conscience th-y areas bad as they can well be. If the Spaniards had a hand iu blowing up the A-mericau war vessel it was a dastardly act and wortb of tbe tra* diti-D8of that people. Looking &t; the pre sjiit position of Spain and what she once was, we may aay with hamlet, 4-Wbata falling off was there, Horatio.' From being the nspirant to almost universal empire she has fallen to a fifth rate power, and is still on the down grade. She has been stripped of nearly a)l hep distant possessions, and if she does not exercise gre^t care the remain* ing ones will be wrested ftom her, end the* Booner this is brought about the better, for a nation which tyrannises over its own people is not likely to deal kindly ty'th vassal states. A Tfaere was a good deal of merrimeut after the cricket match last Thursday, and the winners jubilated, atit! somp of 'tbem gave v*nt to their feeling? in national'songs, the most interesting being the good f?1d German 'Watch nm Rhine,' voiced with true dialectic vigor from' the top of- an empty case. The singer was cheered to the echo by the rpdonbtabfe Theodore, wjio, had he not been tjred fprm over work in' the field, vowed be ftould have gonp one bettor. They paid no heed to .the fleeting moments, - and thought iiotrfif fteVncfaii'lnihe ebape' Of an angry at home, and -hc curtain lecture lltat awaited them, J?]eac{ire bath Its penalties, as most of-tliem foond,-?nt^he next day* Some wero siik, 'and .most of thorn sad, bocauso stiffened liiubs apd bruised hAnds told them thuy were but mortal. One of the team felt eo bad that he. feared his symptom, . were those of . typhoid, while another believed he was getting gnut. How? ever . vbt-y .are all pretty well theuteeiveiT again, their p&tiB; being the rebellion of niuwles that had .bceu allowed to remaiu idle too long. It is &b; true 4o-day as It was when Dr \yatt wrutc . the lines that ' Satan findB sorne mischief still ffor ldte hands to do.*' This is exemplified in tho steps that are bbisg-takeu to involve the local Council ia a very heavy expense to gratify the whim of a few people whs have nothing else to do but to stir up strife and find fault with . what ? others arc trying to do for the good of the town without feu or reward. A special audit of the Council's accounts is asked for on the flimsiest of grounds, and withoutappapeutly khowiog what it meaus. In the first place _it means q, gratuitous insult to all the auditors employed by tho Council since it starUd^'and it cmplies the wrongful use of tbe Council'* money by some oue. In the sccond plapc jt will mean the 'expenditure of at leAst half a year's rates. And what for ? i To gratify a few disappointed would-be ! 'patriots. Were they asked to bear a share j of the cost, their patriotism would vanish into thiu air. Other towns have tried tho i experiment of special audits, and it has taken years of strict economy to recover'fioin the shock. It coej: IJroken Hill £150Q ; it C06t Waverley £nOO ;'5Pi56st J?arramatta about £1200, and other towns have lost in the same way. The patriots don't seem to know this, or if knowing it look upou these sums as nothing to long as they can gratify- their i(U$ddlingppopeuHitic£, Those who may be mdu&sd; tb' sign the 'petition will oftly do it because their credulity has been imposod upon, 