In the Bar Parlor. ' What might have been a very Berioofi occurrence ? ,' began the Police Court Reporter. 'Spare ns I' exolaimed the Snub Editor. ' Your daily paper origi nality of expression clings to yon like the aroma of the rivulet to an alderman' b whiskers. For heaven's eake tell vour story and be done with it.' ' Well, since tbe policeman and publican went shooting whiptails every boy np our way wants to go and do likewise. Two urchins armed with fowling pieces ? ' 'That accounts for the disap pearance of Josh Moore's fowls, I suppose,' interrupted the Punster. ?' I donno. But my friend Police man X came across the two boys and the guns and dogs and things camped on the roadside ferninst Doctor Benjafield's residence. Ever on the alert, our worthy pavement pounder considered it his duty to ask the youthful sportsmen a few questions.' 'As to whether their mothers knew they were ont ? ' asked the Sunday Man. ' No ; he juBt wanted to know their names, ages, and genealogy.' ' Whatever for P' asked the Bar maid. ' He had an idea that they might be somehow interested id the Sen nerly will case and were perhaps lying in wait to shoot Dr. Benja field I' ' Good gracious ! you don't say !' exclaimed the Government House Man. '' It transpired — I beg your par don, but in daily paperdom some thing is always transpiring or ex piring or perspiring ? ' 'Yes, they're pretty good at sweating,' put in tbe Gloomy Man. ' I used to write for one of them and the bosses wanted me to take it ont in coal.' 'Shades of Mt. Nicholas!' murmured the Worm. ' Like a theatrical friend of mine who lately came here in the hope of making a rise and fell into the hands of tbe lessees of the theatre,' continued the Gloomy Man, '1 found I could not live by coal alone, so my connection with daily paperdom ? ' ' Goallapsed,' said the Punster. ' Bat let us heai what the boy Bhootiets were after.' ' Ouly whiptails,' remarked tbe Police Court Reporter. ? * ? 'Yon were talking just now,' said the Poet, ' of the lack of origi nality in newspaperdom ; but what about tbe same complaint in onr sports and pastimes, and eren jokes H Football was ol-i when Moses was a boy. ' '' Yes,' agreed the Punster, 'that accounts for tbe bull rushes, I sup pose.' 'And cricket is not of the present generation,' added the Insignificant Man, ' for even Lazarus was stumped.' ' And racing swindles seem to have been not unknown,' remarked the Punster, 'for didn't Job's troubles include a boil over F' ' I protest !' explains the Poet, 'sen levity appals my soul and offends my aesthetic tastes.' ' I admit a fellow feeling,' agreed the Sunday Man. ' Do you, indeed ?' smiled the Barmaid. 'Well I dou't. Bnt sorely some of our jokes are new, fii-flji if our trames carrr an nnnipnl, and fish-like aroma.' ' No,' said the Poet, ' they are all old. For instance, at a wedding party the other night the local wag took the screws out of the principal bedstead (a wooden one) on the premises, and after the festivities were all over he did a perish out in the frosty night, with his ear against the window, in order to hear the crash and the screams of alarm which issued from the bridal chamber when ? ' ' Heigho !' yawned the Sunday Man. ' There ought to be some legalised way of slaughtering any galoot who perpetrates euoh a stale joke.' ' And the gentleman who laughs at such a thing 1' added the Bar maid. ' The gentleman in the present instance, my dear, didn't' laugh. He used language, frequent, and painful, and free. ' Which is a thing no gentleman should ever do,' remarked tbe Bar maid. 'I don't know about that,' said tbe Landlord. ' You see you are not a gentleman, and cannot indge of a gentleman's feelingB nnder tbe circumstances.' ' Only from hearsay, of course,' admitted the Barmaid. ? ? ? ' I was grievously shocked at the big Fysh meeting on Monday night,' said the Sunday Man. ' Do yon refer to the exhibition of the monster eel caught in Smelt ing Works Bay f ' queried the Worm. 'No; Sir Philip Fysh's meet- ing.' ' That's a monster of quite ano ther color,', admitted the Landlord. ' Bnt what shocked yon ?' ' The extreme levity with which onr citizens received the remarks of that statesman.' ' Statesman !' exclaimed tbe Snub Editor. ' Do yon mean to describe that wailful political bam boozier as a great statesman ?' ' No ; a small States man. See ing that hiB remarks were sup posed to deal with the 'greatest question ever to be decided,' and that the main object was to ' pro mote federation nnder tbe Crown,' it was dreadful to witnesH the irre verent attitude of most of the audi ence. Why, some of them sang, ' For he's a jolly good fellow,' in stead of the un-Australian Unnatu- ral Anathema which the big Fysh asked for.' 'My sympathies are with Sir P.O.F.,' remarked the Sporting Man. ' Consider how much he owes to dear Hold Hingland ! And fancy how he mnst have felt to hear his beloved Gorsave treated with such scant courtesy.' 'The offenders shonld be very well ashamed of themselves. We in Tasmania all owe a great deal to Britain,' said the Insignificant Man. ' Yes,' said the Cynic. ' Oar lovely convict system for instance.' ' Perhaps we d better change the subject,' suggested the Philosopher. ? ? ? ' A curious thing has coi.ie to pass up Both well wav,' said the In Bignificant Man. ' That's nothing extraordinary,' retorted the Punster. ' Of all the places for queer happenings Both well is easily first.' ' Yes,' eaid the Cynic. ' Our friend the Poet once passed tbe pub tbeia without going ill to see the landlord. That was a queer hap pening if you like. Bac proceed with the story.' ' It all came abont through a pitched battle which took place be tween a publican and his ostler. The ostler was nicknamed Holy Ghost, presumably because he wasn't holy. The publican received a challenge from the ostler, and they went at it. Tbe difference in the Bize of tbe combatants was marked, bnt neither ot them were marked in the fray. Anyhow, the ostler left that service and took charge of another stable. Another groom, locally known as Father, took the vaoated billet, while his son was engaged at the only other hostelry in the village, and ? ' ' But what is there curious abont that ?' demanded the Snub Editor. ' Nothing. Only the three stables are now run by the un blessed trinity. And the father and son are trying to run the poor ghost out of the trade.' ' Which sounds somewhat irre verent,' objected the Sunday Man. ' Perhaps ; bnt up that way the folks are innocent or all thoughts ot irreverence for sacred things. They only speak familiarly of the sym bols of eaored things, if they didn't do that they'd burst.' ' Exactly,' said the Philosopher, 'the same feeling accounts for laughing in court. And Charles Lamb admitted having joked at a funeral in order to relieve bis emotions. No, onr Bothwell friends are not irreverent.' 'For this relief mnoh thanks,' said the Sunday Man. ? ? ? ' Federation is in the air this week alright,' remarked the Snn day Man. 'In the hair I' suggested the Punster. ' Now that's curious,' ohipped in Jim the Luney. ' Very few bald headed men are advocating tbe Commonwealth Bill. Douglas, Fysb, Dobson, Clarke, and Braddon are the chief apologists for the measure, yet none of them have thought themselves through their top match.' ' Baldness, my dear sir, denotes brains,' said tbe Poet. ' Yet there are some who hide their benevolent shiny crowns under a wig. It is most foolish of them.' ' Also, it is positively wigked,' remarked the Pnnster. ' But this qnestion of federation ? ' 'For heaven's sake spare ns!' protested tbe Publisher. ' Can't yon talk of something else t Every body is sick of the frowsy sdbject.' ' Yes,' agreed the Poet. ' For r These politicians windy Hare kicked up enoh a shindy, And ekited ea about the federal tig, That decent folks, disgusted, Wish the politicians busted, Or eilenoed with a federation gag. With orationB nanaetting. Of a golden future prating, With ' Nationhood ' u oar great central figure ; Their one and sole ambition Is to jump into perdition In snre and certain hope of graving bigger. Their frothy dmgations fl»ve sadly tried our patience, They Barely have been drinking something heady; For if their past successes Are a gmde to future nesses, At fools they're plenty big enough al ready I r- ? # ? ' Let's have a natural history story,' suggested the Insignificant Man. 'Something abont dogs or tbe dog- snaveller ?' enquired the Pub lisher. ' I can tell a cat yarn,' volun teered the Boy. ' Ob, do tell 1' exclaimed the Barmaid. ' I'm «o fond of cats.' ' So I should imagine. At least — that is — er — most old — er — that is — ruostyonng maidens are,' stam mered the Government House Man. ' Well,' said the Boy, ' np;at one of the mountain huts the lads set a trap for native cats and had the luck to catch a pussy that wasn't native. It was a magnificent specimen of the feUmivm dometticut, which neans a common or garden mouse snaveller, which had taken to bush ranging. One or tbe party fell in love with the pussy and announced his intention of taking it borne as i. present to his wife. He got a bag, und the procession started home wards. On tbe way the party ealled in to see a lady about a dog or something, and the pussy-bag was deposited in a corner. Then, when the owner of tbe bag wasn't looking, something happened. I don't know how it was done, and as to what the man's wife said to the present all the neighbors maintain an ominous silence.' ' Why ?' queried the Barmaid. ' Why P instead of the beauti ful pussy cat a ragged looking speumen of tbe tribe jumped out of tbe bagaand tried to bite the baby's finger. Thenit oocked its tail, spat, said 'tneouw/anddartedthroaphtbe window back to the home it loved BO Well.' ' That was a catastrophe,' said the Punster. ' But whose cat was it, and where was the other one f ' 'Tell you that after the federal poll is taken,' remarked the Boy. 'I have an appointment with an eleotion tout just now. Good night.' ' The man who sells his vote, soliloquised the Sporting Man, ' is a twicer and a tool.' ' And the man who buys it is a fool and a shicer,' added the Philo sopher. 