CYCLING COSSIP. (By ^YELLOW FELLOW.") So far there are iu view for the members of the Western Australian Cyclists' Union eight day's cycle racing with a prize list totalling close upon £550. This doesn't look as if the prophesied downfall of the Union is anywhere near at hand. « # * The Fremautle Friendly Societies' will hold u race meeting on the Fremantie Oval ou Easter Mouday next, the proceeds to be devoted to the funds of the Fremantie Public Hospital, The object is a very worthy one, and the Societies are to be commended for their action. * a: * Th'e racing in Perth last Saturday was fearfully slow as a reference to the times registered will indicate. Of course, the track has a deal to do with theslow pace which obtains in Perth, but there is more than the track in it. This was clearly demonstrated at the Eight Hours' Sports in Fremantie, where the Perth men could not come within cooee of the Fremantie times. * * * Matters in the cycling world promise to be very lively at Fremantie during the next two or three months. The Friendly Societies' Gala on Boxing Day has attracted a deal of attention from riders, and excellent entries have been received for each event. It is worthy of note that the list of entries does not include the name of a single "dummy." Every name in the list is that of a racing cyclist, who may be reasonably expected to make his appearance on the track, unless, of course, he should be prevented from doing so bv sickness or accident. For four events a total of 84 entries has been received, the number for the individual races being :—Westralia Race, two miles, 30; One Mile Handicap, 27 : Maiden Handicap, oue mile, 26 ; Five-Miles Scratch Race, 11. . Tlie last ineutioned event should be very interesting, for the majority have entered wholly and solely for pace-making purposes, while the fight for supremacy between the two cracks of Western Australia—Cooper and Stotter—should make the final burst very exciting. ® m The West A nstralian has been statin for several weeks that the " fleetest riders iu the colony " would be competing at the L W.A.W. Championship Meeting in Perth. Now, a person who is well acquainted with cycling in Western Australia may be pardoned for asking the simple question —is the West Aurtralmii the official org in of the L.W.A.W. aud subsidised by that body to publish mis-statements ? Osie would hesitate before he would reply iu the affirmative, for the Went A t< tmliitn has always been regarded as a very honest journal; but iu the face of the fact that the above-quoted words are distinctly wrong a reader might be p mloued for expressing a serious doubt upon the matter- " The fleetest riders iu the colony" are those who can display the greatest speed, and it is beyond dispute that these were never among those who were entered for the L. W.A.W. meeting. Even the greatest friends of the League of W.A. Wheelmen must admit that over auy of the distances at present raced on our tracks no riders entered for the League meeting would have a ghost of a show with eithei G. D. Stotter or J. It. Cooper. No League rider in the height of his presumption would imagine himself fast enough to live with Stotter or Cooper 111 a truly ridden race, and as those two had not been entered for the L.W.A.W. meeting " the fleetest riders in the colony" were not competing. Beyond the pair referred to it is an opsn question whether or not the League has auy riders who can defeat Levi en. College aud Webster. Readers look for the truth iu the M'est Australian and they expect to find it there. They are not usually so exacting when delving into other journals. a; * « Our Fremautle cyclists, who marched out of the League ranks with colors living,are not the only speeders" in the world, as the following from the Sydney /iV/V;v;/s American correspondent will show: —"The cycling situation—that is. the professional end of it —is in a muddled condition owing to the secession from the L.A.W. of a number of most prominent riders, who have banded together under the name of the American Racing Cyclists' Union. The old governing body has tried its uttermost to break the back of the ' strike,' and is chortling to a cert tin extent because \- Majah" Taylor, the lighting fast colored rider, and oue or two others have begged forgiveness, and asked to be taken back into the fold. 111 Taylor's case, though, it appetrs that the make of the wheel which the negro rides aud which, of course, he is paid liberally to advertise, has commanded him to make his peace with the L.A.W., and Taylor, I suppose, preferred following instructions to quarelling with his bread and butter. The balance of the insurgents seeiu organised for a long siege, and it is very evident that they will wage a winning fight. Eddie Bald, who is president of the ' out-law association,' as the League calls the newly^-formed union, has laid its case before the Intercolonial Cyclists' Association, and has asked the transatlantic body that "final judgment on the present situation in America be deferred until matters shall have reached a more definite conclusion." He intimates that the seceding American riders have determined never agaiu to accept government from the L.A.W., and avers that a powerful organisation will control the racing business before next Spring, and will apply for membership in the International Cyclists' Association." 