LILIAN TREMAYNE’B REGRET. By Bertha M. Clay Authoress of f*An Ideal Love," &c.;) CHAPTER LIII. KILLED BY THE IIAKD OF LOVE ! The silence throughout the great house of Medford was oppressive. The servants walked upon tiptoe across the polished oaken floors and spoke in whispers. The day had been looked forward to as one of quiet rejoicing, for the story of the duke’s marriage had leaked outbut instead of merry-making there was trouble—trouble , sudden and unexpected. Miss Tremavne’s father had suffered an other spell of frenzied insanity on his daughter’s wedding morn. He had at tacked one of my lord duke’s guests—he had attacked Dr. Klein, his medical man and nearly choked him to death. He had beaten him insensible with his violin. The doctor was terribly disfigured, and the madman wa3 dead. He lay dead on his bed, and the duke was inconsolable— the duke was nearly mad himself , with grief, with horror, with disappointment. He had forbidden the servants, on pain of instant dismissal, to mention one word of the tragedy in Miss Tremayne’s hear ing. And when they were holding whispers of all this trouble the news came that the duke’s secretary had been shot— that the duke’s secretary was dying at the village hotel. Two or three of the men-servants remembered seeing Mr Vincent leave the house. He parted from the duke on friendly terms, and went out into the night to be shot by some prowling thief. So disaster follows disaster, and the duke was now cowering over the fire in the breakfast-room, his face drawn and haggard, his eyes wild—despair in his very attitude. Near to him on a couch, propped up with pillows, his face in bandages, wa3 Dr Klein. He would insist upon leaving his bedroom, for danger seemed to lurk in every corner. '“ I do not attempt to disguise anything from you, Klein,” the duke was saying. “ Of course I shot Vincent, and have made a bungle of it. I hear that he has refused to make any statement, but if he does finally accuse me, I must deny it. He has no proof that I assaulted him. and my servants saw him part from me. It makes me mad to think that we have j both bungled, but I am determined that j this marriage shall go on. I will fight to the la3t.” “ I cannot help you further,” Klein groaned. “ I am a ruined man. I shall not bo able to present myself to the world for weeks. Look at me ! My face is beaten into an unrecognisable mass.” “Curse it all,” was the brutal re joinder. “ Perhaps your disguise may be of service to you ; your friend Cavalli won’t be able to recognise you now !” Their conversation was interrupted by the butler. “ A person to see you, your grace,” he said. “ What 1 at this hour in the morning ?” The duke had paled to the lips. “ Who is it ? What does he want! I can see no one.” “ He brings a message from Mr Vincent your grace.” “Hal” “ Otherwise I would not have admitted him.” “Very good, Tompkins. Bring the message to me.” “ He says that it must be given into your hands alone, your grace,” the butler continued. “ Where is the person ?” “ In the west library, your grace.” I will see him,” and he waved the butler away. The duke was thoughtful for a few minutes. The messenger was probably a detective. Well, if he were charged and arrested it would be an easy matter to treat the affair contemptuously, and get bail. “ Do not be gone long,’1 Dr Klein said. “ And give me a drop of brandy. My nerves are so unsteady by fright and pain that I cannot keep a limb still.” The duke walked to the library in the west* wing with a firm step. He pushed open the door, and started back with an oath when he saw a dark form rise to meet him—a form that was essentially foreign. “ Antonio Cavalli 1” he muttered, under his breath. “No, this man is tc slight—too smali. So Mr Vincent pro duces his trump card !” “ What is your business ?” he de manded, aloud, and vainly endeavouring to recall the Italian’s face to mind. It was familiar, and yet he could not remembei to whom it belonged ; but the man kepi persistently in the shade of the curtains, merely tossing Vincent’s letter on to th( table near which the duke was standing He seemed to be afraid to trust his voic< to speak, and his breast heaved painfully The duke povused tho note, an expres sion of relief and surprise passing ove: his face. . . , “Youknow the contents of this, sir, h9 asked haughtily. The Italian inclined his head “ It is simple nonsense,” went on tin duke. “ Poor Vincent’s mind is wander ing. He calls you a friend of mine while I do net even know your name have never before set my ey6supou you/ “I am a friend of Therese Cavalli,' the Italian replied. “ Ha! And pray what business is tha of mine ?” his grace demanded, contempt uonsly. “ I had almost forgotten such creature ever had existed. The interview is at an end, sir.” “ No, it is not at an end yet, my lor duke. I have come to know why yo deserted Therese Cavalli—your lawfi wife. I have been a long while trackin you, and now that we are face to face, will know the truth.” “ And who and what may you be r was the sneering question. “Som broken-hearted lover who dreams c revenge? I had expected to meet hi brother—pray, sir, who are you ?” “ I repeat that I have come to proi vour guilt or your innocence—or——” The man who had called Inmso Antonio Cavalli buried his face for moment in Urn folds of luu cloak. H was too overcome to speak furthe: Suddenly ho stepped into the light, tosse aside his hat—snatched away the bear and monatacho from his face, revealing i the duke’s astonished gaze the bcautifi features of a womau. ..... _•***>& “ Frederick I” she whispered, “Fred erick-—my lover—my husband ! Your ; Therese has come to you. Your Theresa I aas found you at last ! Never once have [ believed the false tales that have been told to me. I know that you are true— ] my grand lover—-I Jknow., that_.y,ou,. are. 1 true.”" i She fell .upon her knees before him, her great dark eyes full of passion and e pain. ' “ I said that I would kill you if your 3 love were dead,” she went on ; “ but 0I1 1 ( Frederick, I love you still—I love you < still. They thought that J. was dead. When I heard that you were lost to me— s r was impelled by the evil eye of the ] Englishman who told mo the awful story —I was impelled to seek relief. in the ; cold river. But I was not to die; the i sweet waters restored my reason, and I ] struggled for my life. I was picked up, bat was near to death for many, many i months. But I have lived for my darling, 1 and I have come, I have come 1” ~ She was crying now, and clinging to his knees in a frenzy of love and doubt! “ Oh, my Frederick, speak to me, take me in your arms. I am your wife. I will never leave you again. I love you, my darling—I love you. I have no revenge, it is cold and dead. I have nothing but love, love, love 1” Frederick Vansitart, Duke of Medford, had been in many peculiar and uncoin fortabl8 positions during bis varied career, but never before had he felt so bewildered and helpless. He had nothing but rage and contempt for the poor creature before him whose life he had ruined. “ I heard that this was your wedding day,” Therese said. “ I heard that this was your wedding-day, my Frederick, but you did not know that I lived, and I have come back to you, and to your love. I, alone, am your lawful wife—your wife in the sight of God and man.” " “ Begone, woman !” he said, at last, a fearful oath upon his lips. “ Would you ruin me ? Go hack to Italy. If you want money-" “Money?” she said, scornfully. “I spurn your money. I want your love— I want that which is mine by right. I will hot go. My place is by your side.” She had sprung to her feet, and wa,s regarding him with flashing eyes. “ I will take off these dreadful clothes, and you must provide me with dresses suitable for a lady. Find some apart ments for me here. I will not go. Frederick, I will not go.” One moment his hand grasped the revolver that was still in his breast pocket, and the light of murder shone in his eyes ; then he turned swiftly toward her, a smile upon his false, cruel face. “ Carissimia Mia 1” he whispered, and she leaped into his arms with a glad cry. She sobbed on his- shoulder and caressed him with a tenderness that was pitiful to see. “ My Frederick loves me still!” she sighed. “All that was told to me was false, and I shall stay with him always ; I shall never go away from him again.” The duke did not quite relish this declaration, and had quite resolved to put her away from him forever. He was simply consumed with rage. The tangle was getting beyond him. He had never anticipated the ghost of such a complica tion as now stared him in the face. He pressed his hot lips to the girl’s brow, the lips that were breathing hatred for her; and she clung still tighter to his breast. What was he to do ? What was he to say ? How could he dispose of the loving fool ? He pushed her gently away, but she held firmly to him, murmuring— * ‘ Kiss one again, my Frederick ! I will not leave you. Kiss me again !” She had her hand over the trigger of the revolver in his breast-pocket, and tightening her hold as he tried to dis engage himself. Oh! how innocently this fond creature pressed the tongue of fatal steel—a smile on her lips the while —a happy light in her beautiful eyes ! She shrieked also when a sharp report broke the stillness, and the duke staggered to a chair, his hand against his breast, his eyes starting from his head. The muzzle of the pistol was turned inward, and he was shot through the heart. He died without a groan—killed by the hand of love l This was the duke’s wedding-day—he was wedded to —Death 1 