The Boatswain's Call. ! Wiien I received charge of a district in (lie coastguard service I met with many strange, Bilent old men of the coast, and heard many a wild story of the sea. Of tlm few local people who were possible as companions, the aged rector of Gillestone was (one ; he and I had many a ramble together and many a talk. He bad many stories to tell of the closing years of the great wars; of daring smugglers aud many other things. We had walked together to Aber Fach when he told me this one. A wild place, Aber Fach, even on a summer's eve ; but in a winter etorni more terrible than death itself. To the east the coast rises in cliffs, and on the slope of the first can just be seen the cottageB of Fenmarch. Away inland lies Gillestone, hidden among treeB. Bat here, all around, are dismal flats, broken now and again by rougb sand dunes covered with long coarse spear grass-the only thing which can live under the breath of a winter gale. Bpyond the flat stretches a broad beach of limestone pebbles; again, beyond this, lie rugged, flat ledges of rock, which only show when the tide recedes, and which spread seaward half a mile. An awful place to look upon, even as I have said-on a summer's eve. You can fanoy, even then, what an awe some place it must be when the huge breakers leap before the driving of the fierce storm-leap howliug on that rocky ledge, rush up the stony beach, and, in recediug, drag the thousand pebbles with them, raising a noise like rattling thunder. Ou all the wide, wild expanse stood 'but one little hut-a thing that had once been a ship's round-house. Some of the ship's timbers lay about even yet; but this was the only part of her which stood intact. ' London Tom's house,' said my friend the rector. 'A man lives there!' cried I, in astonishment. 1 He did till a few years ago. A strange old man, full of the ancient superstitions-if they ore superstitions -and a wild Methodist. In my clerical capacity I was, in his eyes, tainted with the m*rk of the beast; but as a com panion he received Die, and I often brought him a little flask of brandy or some small comfort. He was past eighty when he died.' ' But what a place for a man to settle down in I' he said. ' Ves. Perhaps so. But he had his own wild reasons. Let me tell you the story here, now with the very place before your eyes, Your sea-knowledge will make you able to picture the scene and the old man's tremendous exit. I saw all myself ; and even now it awes me to think of it or tell it. 'It was in '13, when, as if we had not enough to do with European affairs, we must light the American States. My old father-rector here before me-had lately sent me up to Jesus, and I was home for Christmas. What a wild plaoe Oxford was in those days I Drink ing, townand-gown riots, badger-baiting, cock-fighting; but never mind that. ' We were so used to bowling storms that, unless one of our smuggling luggers were expected, we seldom took note of weather, but sat snug and let it howl. WreckB were rare; but when they did occur there was always good chanoe of plunder, and our coast-men were always on the lookout in such nights. This night it was roaring in the chimneys, and the Channel drizzle was driving up thick as a hedge. Father and I sat over our mulled port, and were thinking of hed, when, through the swish of the rain on the window and the howling of the gxle, I heard a shout; then voices calling; then a hurried tramp of foot steps and a loud rapping at the door; and then, before I could jump to see who it was-for the maid was abed-in the fellow rushed. I met him in the hall. It was old Hoel, our man-of-all work. ' " Maeter Richard !" he gasped, 'flick ing the wet from his eyes, "ship ashore, sir I Right on Breaksea Point I And it's dead low water !" ' I was ready in a moment. Father would have come but tfiat I strongly forbade him. We quickly felt our way down the dark, narrow lane and came out here, just where we stand. Having got used to the darkness, we found wc could see better every moment. Then I remembered. It was full moon, and she was rising. Our heaviest gales come at full and change. ' There was a little crowd looking sea ward ; and Boon, in the growing light, I saw, away beyond the beach, past the long stony repf, out in the roaring breakers, a dark patch. Even as I looked aame a sharp tongud of flame, then the dull thud of their gun's report. No help could reach them out there ; half a mile of a raging hell of broken surf divided them from land. We could only stand and look, hazarding opinions as to what she might be. ' I heard one ranting smuggler-John Morgans - shout in his fellow's ear : "She will be a shipo'-war, yiss, sure ! Wass because of her tall spars, look you i" ' And the other answered, with a ourer, that he hoped better tilings-a DiUtolinan, now, with good freight. ' It was very terrible to see that dim object, lliR more ghost of a ship, out there, and to know that living mon stood on her.deck spending their last awful moments. And one of us-ay, eri'ti the most callous wrocker there would have risked his life for them, joy fully, find it been possible. But there wis no risk-any attempt would have I been instant death ; for the incoming tide, crawling and thundering along the reef, would have dashed any man to pulp had he ventured there. In half an-hour, if she drove farther up, we might poBsibly do lomething. (You know how quickly and how high our tides rise-forty feet in spring-tides with a westerly gale behind). But would she last ? There was little hope of it. ' As I stood there with Hoel, staring full face out into the lashing rain and spray, I suddenly heard a bugle-call Was it possible ? Again! In a lull of the gale out rang the "assembly." The last ' ta-ra' swept by like the wail oi a fleeing spirit. Hardly had it ended when a wicked squall drove up. When it had passed, when again the moon peered through the flying rack, the dark patch, which was a ship, had all but disappeared in the roaring breakers. And as I still stared seaward came a huge white wall of foam. It struck her ! engulfed her ! and when it swept by she was gone I ' Gasping shouts and groans went up. Ah ! There now 1 Diawl! She's gone whatefier!' And then lower tones I " There'll be wreckage in the morning indeed I" ' In rushed the tide. Many standing there still hoped that some of the poor fellows might yet win to land alive ; none of us thought of going home, for even if no men reached the shore salvage might sweep in. Sure enough, presently came a dark object through the white waste of foam. It drove in slowly, now standing station ary a moment as it caught some stone in the reef, now surging inward, and ever swept by the fierce waves. At last it drove right up to the beach, and we all rushed down. ' It was a huge fragment of the deck, with this round-house attached, and clinging within it were four men, one of whom carried a child in his arms. We had them up to the village, the man who held the child coming tomyshare. Ere we got him to the house he went faint and had to be carried. I took the child, who seemed to be a boy of about ten years. The other was a smart-looking fellow, with shaven face set in a fringe of black whisker, and with his hair tied in n queue -a fashion which had nearly died out. Round his neck, on a silver chain, hung a boatswain's whistle. 1 We put them both to bed, My-1 fanwy, our maid, weeping and wail ing ever the little lad, who was dead. Presently, under the influence of warm blankets, and hot brandy forced between his clenched teeth, the man showed signs of recovery. And suddenly he started up, shouting: ' Here, sir I Ay, ay, sir 1' I did not dream that these were the last words of sanity he would speak. And yet-I don't know-the spaoe between sanity and madness are so small that But you shall judge for .yourself. 'The story of the wreck we learnt from the other survivors. The vessel was the Pique, a corvette armed en flute; she was running for Bristol with a sunt in silver, valued at £5,0t)0, taken from a French transport. The gale had taken them out of their reckoning, nud they fancied themselves in mid-Channel when they struck, for the soundings hereabouts are no guide. London Tom was the boatswain. When hope seemed gone the commander had ordered him to call all hands aft, and the bugler to call the mariues; this done he harangued the crew, telling them that, as there was nothing to be done, it only remained for them to die like British sailors. He then gave Tom charge of his son, and then ordered hiin for shelter into the round house, for the seas were now fly ing over them. ' " I stay here on deck with my aoeti," be said; " and if I die -and you are saved, see that my boy is sent safely to his mother." ' He had hardly given this ord«r when a huge wave swept the deck, carrying the house and its occupants with it. It waB sad work burying the poor dead fellows, for thirty bodies washed up ; and Badder to see the pale, weeping, widowed mother who came to the funeral of her little son. But these things passed, and left us with Tom. He had taken up his abode in the round-houBe, which had been hauled up above high water mark, and here he stuok. 1 He turned out a mild, harmless man, as many naturals are, and was a great friend of all our children. The villagers took him under their charge, fitted up his strange dwelling, and kept him provided with such simple food aB they themselves used. I helped, of course. Presently we learnt that he had strange ways. At night, and especially at the full of the moon and in wild stormB, lie would wander along the sanddune9, now and again winding his call-the call for " All hands"-" Teee-wit itit-itit-it-it it-it, Teste-whr-r r r-r r-r r-in." Then he would lift his deep voice : " All ha nds, ahoy 1" ' After suoh nights he would fasten the door of his house and stay in the whole day. ' He became an attendnr at the little Methodist chapel, and in moments of excitement (the only times when he did become excited) would declaim against the Church, as also lie would sometimes do in his talks with me; but we were good friends for all that. More than once I asked him about his nightly rambles. '" I'm waiting the oaptain," he would reply."' He'll come up from yonder one day, and he'll ask me, 'Tom,' lio'll say, 'where ia Master Charles f und who but meenn tell him I I shall say, ' He gone ahead, your honor ; the Lord High Admiral Christ called him, nnd he couldn't wait for us.' The captain wouldn't believe no one else ; 'cause why-he gave the lad into my charge. But when he sees me he'll know that nil's well ; and he'll know the old Pique's round- house ; d'ye see f ' And so Tom lived there, and never w andered away from time (lata except to go to chapel and to see the graves in the churchyard were cared for. God seems very tender to such as he. Not-a soul round here would have harmed the old man ; even the lads, the wildest, never teased him. I remember one col lier boy, who came to visit a relation, made game of old Tom ; the village lads set upon him and nearly killed hiin. 'One moonlight night something prompted me to go down to the beach and see Tom. He was not in his house, so I wandered along the sand-dunes, and presently saw him standing motionless on a little hillock. He took no notice of my approach, but stood staring out to sea. I spoke, asking, as many times before I had asked, why be stood there. He turned and spoke with even more than his usual solemnity: '" I have been called, sir; and they told me to get ready, for I should soon have to meet my commander." '" Who are tltey V I asked. '"Those that sleep down there," he answered, pointing to where the ship had gone to pieces. "Those, and the others up in the churchyard. When I piped nil bands to night I heard them answer. And so I know that the captain will soon be coming, and he'll want to know where Master Charles is; then he'll want the hands turned up to muster, and I'll have to be here to call 'em. You don't know the discipline of a ship-'o-war, sir. When the Commau der-iu chief calls we must all answer together, smartly. All I'm sorry for is that them jollies wou't have no bugler to blow the assembly for 'em. Poor ohap, lie lost the number of his mess with the rest. And yet I don't know. Perhaps he'll have his liugle ready maybe. Any way they'll h«ar me wiud my oall," ' It made me creep to hear the strange old man calk thus. I seemed to benr Death calling him. I left him there and went home. ' The following night one of the villagers, who had been to see Tom, called and told one I was wanted down On the beach by the old man. ' I went, A gale was rising, and wailed mournfully in the air. The remembrance of the night of the wreck was strong upon me. As I walked down the moon rose- and on Mint terrible night, it was full. The old man wns waiting, and wns evidently in a state of excitement. He gave me no greeting, but began mutter ing, " They are calling me |' ' " You wanted me, Tom ?" I asked at length. '"Yes, sir," said he; "now that the time has come I feel afraid lo meet the commander alone, and, somehow, I 'elt I would rather have you than the min ister; you're a gentleman, and know what is due lo an officer and a gentle man ; and I don't think Christmas Elias" (that was his minister) " is quite used to the quality." '"But," said I, "do you really think, Tom, thai the captain is lo meet you to night ?." I known, sir,'he answered solemnly; and, mad or not, he greatly impressed me. "I'm all ready," he continued 'all ready to go with the rest of the hands. Come, sir I If you will be so kind." And he led the way out towards the sandhills. ' The moon had risen, but was now behind a low bank of cloud. The breakers were moaning; it was evident that a storm approached. It was nearly low water, and a long stretch of beach and reef lay between us and the sea. I held back a bit. lie paced forward by himself, mounting on one of the sandy hillocks. There he stood, black against the brightening sky. Suddenly his shrill cry rang out; then his hoarse shout: " All hands, ahoy I" ? It sent a cold shudder down my back. He turned and beckoned nie. '"They're mustering," he whispered as I came up to him. " Look I" But I saw nothing. " Don't ye see 'em, sir I" he said, pointing seaward, with staring eyes. Just then the moon emerged from the cloud which had overshadowed her, and struck the line of lireakera, wiiioh, glint in;; in her boami, looked now like a row of champing white maned chargers at a lial t. '" Captain! I am here waiting orders I" ' The old man's voice rang out like a trumpet. He started, then again pointed seaward. 1 And I-what had oome over me ? Had his intense spirit compelled me also) I shook with astonishment. In tremb ling wonder I stared. There, advancing like a wreath of mist across the dunes, cnrae a figure in naval uniform I London Tom seemed to lie talking to him. ' "Yes, your hnnor I All present and sober, Pipe down ? Ay, ay, sir." ' He wound a oall on his wliiBtle, one sharp " twit," followed by a long whir ring note, then fell baokward into my arms-dead.' 