ORPHEUS SOCIETY AT GLENELG. The Glenelg Town Hall was crowded oa Thursday evening, when the Orpheus Society gave a concert in aid of the funds of tiia Glenelg Oval Association. The part song ".Musie, love, and wine" (Tanner) ushered ia a programme, every item of which was heartily appreciated and correspondingly ap plauded. " ye banks and braes" and "Onward roaming, nevor weary," "What shall behave that killed tho deer," "Strike, strike the lyre_," "A wet sheet and a flowing sail," "IS'ighs fali," and " If doughty deeds" were the part songs contributed by the society, and in each case a perfect harmony, combined with good time and a due observance of expression, were the features which impressed themselves upon an appreciative audience. The con ductor (Mr. G. J. Stevens) demonstrated a perfect command over the chorus, and the striking attention paid to the baton was as pleasing to the eye as the result was to the ear. Mr. J. J. Sharp sang the plantation song " Click, clack," and wa3 assisted by an effective chorus. The ever-pleasing voice of Mr. F. H. Wild wa3 heard to advantage in Lattei's "Oh, hear the wild wind biow," and his cultured efforts were rewarded by a vociferous encore. Similarly successful was Mr. W. K. Swan in his number "The king minstrel." "The jolly little nigger," a humorous item with much laughter contained therein, was successfully given by Mr. F. W. G. Gurnev, who in response to an encore sang "And the verdict was." "The mill wheel" with a humming accom paniment by the society, gave Mr. C. IvL Gribble a chance to demonstrate that hi3 musical faculties do not stop at playing excel lent accompaniments. He was enthusias tically encored. The inimitable Mr. A. H. Daniel, though sull'ering from a throat affection, pleased the audience with "Baby, ver ma honey," and the inevit able encore produced an interpretation of the whimsical "Magpie." A very pleasant break in tho programme was afforded by a recital by Mr. N. A. Webb entitled "A change of treat ment." The part song "Laughing" concluded a programme which in point of cultured variety has seldom if ever been excelled at Glenelg. * There was a large attendance at the Co- ■ operative Hall, Angas-street, on Thursday evening, when the members of the Toronto Variety Company gave a concert in aid of the widow and children of the late Mr. T. J. Hart. An interesting programme of vocal and instru mental items was ably carried out by the fol lowing ladies and gentlemen:—Misses Ed monds, Elo and Amy Lloyd, Messrs. Will Parsons, Will Goodger, W. Dring, Alf Frost, and Iliiey. A laughable farce, entitled " The Angas-street Ghost," concluded the pro gramme. A dance followed. The Willing Workers' Concert Company gave an entertainment to the inmates of the Destitute Asylum on Wednesday evening, August 10. The following programme was carried out:—Overture, Mr. and Miss Keen; songs by Mrs. Burgess, Miss Stoeker, Messrs. Jaclca, Collins, Keen, andMauger; recitations by Miss McLean, Messrs. Twelftree, Collins, Keen, and Hen wood. An enjoyable evening was spent. A grand concert in aid of the Elder statue fund has been arranged to take place at the Jubilee Exhibition Building on the evening of September o. The Conservatorium Grand Orchestra, Orpheus Society, Liedertafel, Choral "Society-, Misses Guli. Hack, Jule Layton, and Lucy Stevenson, Messrs. K. Nitsciike, J. R. Gpie, O. E. Taeuber, and T. H. Jones will contribute the programme, and popular prices will be charged. Another splendid house greeted the second performance of the Leslies at the Port Town Hall on Thursday evening, when amongst those present were the Mayor and members of the corporation of the town. From Mr. Will Leslie's opening song, " I was on it," to the concluding "Shadow Pantomime" nob an item escaped an encore, and the performers, who responded in eacli instance, must have beeu fairly tired out at the conclusion of the pro gramme. The two Freds, senior and junior, were very successful in their individual items, and in combination they created great tun in the duet "Two Micks." The Misses Rose and Mabel Leslie were evidently very popular with the audience, for they were recalled again and again for their clever songs, and in their quaint instrumental selections Messrs. Fred and Will Leslie were equally successful. Mr. Dudley's veutriloquial efforts were appreciated, and so also was Mr. Will Daly's reuderiug of "The skipper." A matinee performance will be held in the same place on Saturday after noon. Tho annual social of the Olive Branch Lodge, No. 17, I.O.O.F., was held at Ruthven's Assembly-ooms, Brompton, on Wednesday eveuing, when there was a largo attendance, and Grand Master W. Mobsby presided. There were also present Grand Secretary A. Leane, Grand Warden W. Straps, and Past Grand S. IvIcGargill. Songs were given by- Mrs. Foliitt, Misses Tom ley (2), Messrs. W. Cullen, R. Bessell, I. Gitfen, J. Ryder, and Master Tomley. Mr. Taggart played a violin solo. Dancing followed. Mr. A. W. Ralph was the caterer. 