"WILD EDLIN:" Bim SSOAPADBS, ADVENTURES, AND BITTER SORROWS. -< By WILLIAM BLACK. (Author of "A Daughter of Herb." f'A Princess of Thule," "M'Leod of Dared' "The Strange Adventures of all Phaeton," "Briseis," "Highland Y. Cousins," &c;, &c.; (COPYRIGHT.) CHAPTER XLV. A Morning Plunge. Mow while as yet the new day was bidden by the eastern hills, and all the world appeared to be asleep, a black vehicle was quietly driven up to the front of General Pollock's railings, and almost simultaneously Wild Eelin and IMorag the Mull last issued from Glen ' gave House, shutting the door noiselessly behind them. And Eelin, In stealthy whispers, was trying to reas- sure her handmaiden. "There is really no risk, Morag," she said in those hushed undertones, " and it is of great importance for every one to know what to do when flung into the sea. You might stumble off a paddle box, you know, or a rowing-boat might be capsized and you ought to be prepared. ' And there is no risk, IMorag for I am going to save your life ; only, you must not grip me. You leave me alone, and I'll bring you out of the water all right. But don't grip one. Just Imagine you are drowned, and quite helpless, and you'll see how I'll hoist you over the gunwale. I don't think you can possibly catch cold for it will only be an alf air of a few minutes and in this bag there is everything that can be wanted for a change and the cab will be waiting to bring us back to the house. You're not frightened, are you, Morag ?" " N-no, Miss," said the Mull lass, with her teeth chattering ; the morning air was somewhat chill. " Because you have courage to put aside all the havers that old Maxwell tells you, about Haggart the murderer, and his breaking of gaols and I'm sure you'll be brave enough for this enter- prise when it will be of great practical service to everyone concerned." (Morag said nothing ; she was rather a timid lass and she did not quite understand. But now they were nr r rived at the black vehicle, from the In- side of which Lily Neile spoke blithely : " How are you, old girl ? All serene ? * Let IMorag go on the box, and take your bag with her for I've got one in here, and its total biggish-just in case you may want to save me, too-for who knows what accident may occur and a dry pair of Harris stockings makes all the difference betwixt a man and a mouse. Good morning, Morag heard anything of David Haggart's ghost whizzing about of late Bundle up, now and let's be off." And so they drove away through the night-with here and there an orange 1 gas- lamp piercing the darkness and inside the cab Lily Nellie and Edie were singing to themselves, but in carefully diminished tones A boat, a boat, haste to the ferry, , For we are going to Altnaherry. they passed the lights of Inverness 11 the town was dead in slumber ; not dog barked. They went down by lara' Place and Capel Inch to Thorn Bh Quay, and still the refrain kept going and going in fitful snatches 9" A host, a boat, haste to the ferry, r For we are going to Altnaherry. put surely there was some indication of the new day ? When they got along to the harbour, the masts of a schooner, lying listed over on the mud, could (vaguely be made out against the eastern sky and Cromwell's Fort was dimly (visible and there was a suggestion of land beyond the unknown belt of sea no doubt, the Black Isle emerging from its mists. At length the cab was stopped ; the three of them descended and down by the bank they found a substantial gig moored to a post Clearly all this had been arranged for the i oars were in the boat, and the padlock had been removed from the chain and so the voyagers took their leave of the land. Lily Nellie and Evelyn were rowan and the new refrain was soprano and contralto with ineffable anguish intermingled- t Though I leave thee now in sorrow, Smiles may light our love to-morrow, Doomed to part, my faithful heart A gleam of joy from hope shall borrow. Ah, ne'er forget, when friends are near, This heart alone be thine for ever ; Thou may'st find those will love thee dear, But not a love like mine, O never ! [And now" behold ! the dawn was beginning to disclose itself over the wide Moray Firth There was a gray shimmering on the water ; the air smelt keen ; "arrow flights of sea-birds swept by the long promontory of Fort George could be made out by anyone familiar With the line of the coast. And still these two pulled on in fine rhythmical swing and now and again they repeated their pathetic derailment Though I leave thee now in sorrow or perhaps it was I would that my love could silently anything, in short, that their fresh young voices found in unison; while all the world seemed gradually to awake and the houses and Castle-Hill of Invernish showed sombre under the ever-increasing canopy of pale-blue smoke. It was the Black Isle that appeared first to catch the new day. There were yellow clearances and dark plantations, and an occasional white cottage ; they looked human-like, and welcome, and friendly, beyond the forlorn and leaden waste of sea. Poor Morag, seated in the stern of the boat, was twisting herself back in Tobermory again, or on any similar and serviceable piece of land. In truth, Morag was crying, and Lily Neile, rowing stroke, was the first to perceive the fact. " Why, Morag, what is the matter ?" she called to her, " Are you afraid ? "Oh, no, Miss I am not afraid," said IMorag, wiping her eyes and trying to stifle her sobs. "And whatever Miss . Eelin is wishing me to do, well, I am willing to devote knows that-" " But what on earth are your crying about ?" said the frank-spoken Lily Nelle- and by this time the increasing 'light could reveal to her with what skill she was feathering her car. \- "Well, before I left Tobbermorry," said the agitated lass, " my mother was warning me not to get into dancher-" "Oh, you silly ass," said Lily Neile, good-naturedly, " there is no danger at all. Don't you know that Miss Macdonald can swim like an offer ? But you needn't disturb yourself. I am going to take your place. It's my life that Miss Macdonald will save, and you can remain comfortably in the boat. Do you understand that, 'now? You just sit where you are. Only you can reach us all our if you see we are drowning." " Lily," Eelin Macdonald protested, this isn't port of the bargain. If IMorag is frightened, we can get some- body else, some other morning. But you have no change of clothes" "Oh, yes, I have," Bald Miss Nelle, who was a young person of great courage in all these girlish adventures. " I came prepared ; nobody ever knows what's going to happen in that bag is everything both of us could want Morag can sit in the boat Eelin, Eelin," she cried, tauntingly, is it you that's afraid ? You that would Jump down a tiger's throat to have a wrestle with him inside ! Eelin Macdonald, afraid of anything that would be a joke ! Well, we're far enough now ; save me or not, here goes. Back, bow, and get the way off her, for that's only playing fair. Are you ready, Nell ? Opener sea than this you don't want anywhere ; j it's a right-down honest trial." " Look here, sir," said the oarswoman at the bow "I think I can undertake to keep you afloat for a minute or two- I but no Each, no !~I cannot, and will not undertake to recover your Tam o' Shanter." " Ali, there's something in that," responded the wise maiden, and she began to withdraw her bonnet pin. "You know, you're not such a fearful Idiot as you look. There's a glimmer of common sense about you sometimes rarely-but sometimes. You're a microcephalous ape-but there's just a glimmer of sense about you Sometimes She placed her gray Tam o' Shan ter in the stern. " I suppose it will be horribly cold when I Jump overboard ?" she said, ap- prehensively. " But this is an honest trial, you know because if I were to hear the ship crunch on to a lock-in the Red Sea, for example-I shouldn't be waiting In my cabin to pin on this blessed Tam. Bow in, there ! Enough way ! Oh, Eelin Macdonald, wouldn't it be too distressful if they were to see us from the shore, and put out in a boat to rescue UB !" Quite unconsciously she was undoing from her neck an eagle's claw set in silver that her mother had given her, and as unconsciously she stuck it into the Tam o' Shanter. Something was to be saved from the shipwreck. " Lily," said Wild Eelin, in a piteous t kind of way, " I think we have made a mistake. There is no need for you, or for Morag either, to get wet through. I only wanted to show you how long one can keep in the water with one's clothes on and I can do that well enough-so so-you just stay where you are-and you'll get some idea of what happens when one is thrown into the sea unexpectedly. I will try to show you what is best to do" " And you think I am such a ghastly sneak !" exclaimed the other in open scorn. "Well, Lil, old woman, here's your work cut out for you stand with no further word of warning she placed one foot on the gunwale and flung herself over. The seething water submerged her for not more than a second or two ; here ' she was again, blowing the salt from her lips, and striking about with her hands. " Oh, don't splash, Lil-don't splash ! I'm coming for you stand with that Eelin of the sea-blue eyes (she, also, had carefully removed her Tam) I dropped over the side. In another moment she had got hold of her friend. "Mind you don't grip me, Lil !" she cried when she had shaken her head like a Newfoundland dog-" I'm going to save you I'm going to show you how it's done but you must share being in- sensible-and don't cling to me-" Now that they were in the water, they found there was a rougher sea on than they could have anticipated, looking from the thwarts and Eelin had to make a stiff fight for it. Worse than all, the set of the tide was steadily carrying the boat away and that egregious fool of a woman, Morag, had no thought of putting the oars in the rowlocks, and moving in their direction; indeed, she was petrified with fear. And meanwhile well, no one who has not tried it can tell how terribly difficult it is to hold up another person in water, even for a few seconds mean- while Eelin was struggling with her task and if she was a Newfoundland dog in habit she was a lioness in heart; she would not confess to herself that there was the slightest risk of danger ; she gently plied her way-and Lily Neile was too alarmed to be otherwise than quiescent. The fool Morag let the boat drift. And now, for anyone battling for life because that is what it had come there was an extraordinary vividness in all things visible around. Fort George was outlined against the sea-horizon. There was sunlight on the Black Isle, and on its yellow clearances. A small steamer making in for the Beauly Firth left a dingy trail of smoke behind it; but it was going away ; there was no hope in that direction. And still Wild Eelin strove to give good heart to her faithful friend and ally. "It's all right, Lil," she managed to say when the ruffling waves would let her-" It's quite right we shall be at the boat in a minute-then-then haul yourself in-don't-don't mind me-" It really was in less than a minute thereafter that they reached the boat ; but by this time Eelin was wholly exhausted, and her companion was not in much better case. "Catch the gunwale, Lil-catch the gunwale !" she gasped. " I'm done. Good-" It was all of "Good-bye!" that she could utter ; the lapping waves came over her mouth and when she had done her best to make sure of Lily Neale's safety, she fell away and dis- appeared-the weight of water in her clothes dragging her down. But Lily Neile was not such a fool as Morag. When she had scrambled into the boat, she breathlessly put an oar into a row- lock, and with one or two rapid strokes shoved the bow round. And when Eelin, in some wild, distracted fashion, came to the surface again, making a final effort to gain a breath of air, well, then, Lily Neile was swift to snatch at the dishevelled blue-black tresses, and also held on-and held on-though she herself was about sinking into utter collapse and still she held on, until she had got her companion dragged in over the gunwale. Morag's contribution to the performance was a continued fit of hysterical weeping while the wonder of the dawn unfolded itself, and Fort George shone clear. It was over the stern that Eelin was dragged in, and there, for a few seconds she lay panting. But only for a few seconds. She pulled herself together. "You see, Lily," she said, in disconnected sentences, " this was more than was bargained for. The boat drifted so far. But I've shown you how it is possible to hold up anyone in the water; I and you were a brick-you never splashed-and you never clung. Oh, my, isn't it mortal cold I" She was shivering. "Take to your car, Nell." said her friend, and let's get back before the whole town of Inverness wakes up. The pulling will warm us." And so they set to work ; but now there was no pathetic " Though I leave thee now in sorrow," nor any invitation to go to Altnaherry ; because both of them were quite conscious that they had been within easily measurable distance of secrets of which they did not choose to speak. " Lil, dear," said Eelin, when she had got well into the swing of her stroke, " it's all very pleasant to say you can hold a drowning person up, but you've got to bargain beforehand that the drowning person shall be Lily Neile-" " Oh, no, thanks," said Miss Nelle, through her parched lips. " I know when I've had enough-" I "But you did it so well !" her companion protested. " You were just admirable. If you had clung round my neck, do you know where love should have been at this minute ? Well, I don't ; but it wouldn't have been in this here boat. Morag," she said again, " why didn't you put the oars in the rowlocks, and come a bit nearer us ?" " Oh, I could not do that, Miss Eelin, for fear of striking one of the young ladies," said Morag, who had recovered from her whimpering, " and it's not me that would be saving myself, if I could help-and I was trying to gain attention from the steamer-" "And do you think we could have gone on board any steamer In this state of clothes ?" Miss Eelin demanded indeed, the two young ladies prevented a humiliating spectacle. But here was the cab still waiting for them on the bank of the river and there were dry clothes for them to change into while Morag perched herself upon the box. It is needless to suggest that they shut both windows for the golden day was now spreading itself abroad. and the wavering blue smoke over the town declared that humanity was astir again. But Eelin said " Look here, old lass, is it any good our trying to change in this cramped-up place ? You'd much better come straight home with me and I'll get you something hot to drink, and you shall have my bed and I can have a rug on the sofa. But it was worth doing, mind ; it was worth, doing ; if ever you're flung into the sea again, just keep like that-oh, you're a splendid person to save ; it's easy to do it with you. Why, they give exhibitions of people who can swim ; they ought to give exhibitions of people who know how to be saved from drowning ! And j I'd back you-against the world ! You J did splash a bit at first, until I yelled | to you." " Nothing-nothing," said Lily Neile, who also was shivering in her sodden clothes. " The moment I felt your grip, I knew I was safe and I lay like a lamb, and let you do what you liked." " It's mercilessly cold, isn't it ?" said the one trembling person to the other. " It is a trifle chilly," answered Miss Nelle. "But it's no good trying to change, for here we are at the Cathe- ideal, and in another minute you'll see General Mallock smoking his morning pipe, outside his garden, and what would she think of us if he got a glimpse of us through the window ? I'll take your offer, old crock, for I'm frightfully tired and cold ; but I won't rob you of your bed ; you give me a blanket, and I'll know what to do. And my folks won't worry, for I warned them I was going off on a skylark with a hideous maniac called Eelin Macdonald, and they'll be prepared for anything." The sun was warm on the oak gate, and the gravel drive, and the red stone frontage as they drove up and as Morag was benumbed and mostly asleep, it was Jane, the parlour-maid (in terrible consternation) who had to look after these half-drowned scapegrace and about the last thing that Wild Eelin saw-after she had wrapped rugs and ulsters over her friend-was Fergus out in the silver shining water, fishing over towards the Devil's Kirn. And for the moment she thought she would give ten years of her life away if only she could throw as beautiful a line as that. (To be continued.) "The Pathway of the Gods" is the title of a new novel which Mrs. Mona Caird is about to publish through Messrs. Skeffington and Son. The postal service in India extends as far north as Kolghur, a village of the Himalayas. Beyond this point a letter is sent by a native runner, who carries the missive for days in the split end of a stick, and de- livers it at the end of his journey as clean as when he received it. These runners are so honest that money is intrusted to them, which they will carry for days, along wild mountain tracks, where they could never be traced, and then deliver it into the right hands. 