GENERAL NEWS. AUTHENTIC MEDICAL OPINIONS WORTH KNOWING. -Dr.Osbor.ie says: Tubs SANDER &. SONS' 15UCALVPH JEXTUACT as a spr.y for nasal cauirh, low fiver, atthma, &c;, wi:h great success. I Cud this piep^ratimi supeiiir to all others.' Ur. Stabl : 'I have use 1 various piv pa--Htious uf Eucalyptus, b:it I set belter result from SANDIiR & SONS' EUCALYPTI EX TRACT than »ny other.' Dr. Preston : ' I never use any Kma'yptus prepantion uther tha:i o i vr^i.si- f- unv o1 ..« i f ? 4 .1.— ,..u_^.. ^_ i... a'mott Hselfss.' !)r. Hirt : ' II goe^ wi'.hnul taying that SANUKB & SONS' EUCALYPTI KXTKACT ia the best in the market.' In iu Uuci.zt, alt irv,vi, throat und lung trouble, diph theria, dlairl.aj', dysentery, kiduey cnmplaintH, rheumatism, woun 1«, tpraius, ulcere, &c;, ic is invaluable. S.;e that you get SANDEK & SONS', aod r'ject8;jui'ious prrparttions, which ii'e torn'- times supplied by unscrupulous dealers. Middlesex has secured second place iu the E:ig HsU County Critkut CUmnpio»s!\ij- competiiio.i, Y-irksbire being UrKl. A. IS. Trr,tt, the ex Mclbourne cricketer, who pUyed f.ir Middlesex, ? O'kpartiu 14 matches, tecn/ing 102 wickets for 182S ruiiK, his iiatiing aveia^e b=ing 21. Scverjl iinpirl..n! decinions have been ariiicd at by the (Snverument in regard to iho question of prevertiug Ibe sale of iiUeased nie.it. Tli« appr,iut ineut uf three additiouul inepiHtns at the Glebe Island Abattoirs has breu authorised, the object being to eiialiU the I5nard of II«ait'.. to iuangjimc a system of bia'i ling the meat. Mr. Tavcrner, the Victorian Minister for Agri culture, arrived in Sydney ou Friday. He hub come to diicuss with the New Suulh Wales and Queensland Ministers for Agiiculiure the rocmn nieuilaliuli of the Q'leenFlan I Stuck Boa id relative to the tick quarantine iiounJalies question. A min named M'L&iighlin.; residiug at Nymagee, became demented ou Friday night, and t'lreatcierl hU family, lie thcu gaahed hii throat with a table knife. Two ye- irJ ugo M'Liu^hlin's fit her blew bis heii off at Gilgiu.uii with a dyua'iiite plug. . A man named Scott, an engine! r employed on the dredge, has been mi- sing since Sat ur lay ni^ht luftt: irjnmt* l.hf* Mrirnvu Wrsi.mimtr \ f')» thai night he was seen in a boat on his way tc- the dredge ut My no a. The next inorniti{ the boat waB found vtraudud, but Ibere iran no tra:e of the man. Since then Urn hat Ins beou found il the rivi r near the Beads. It is feared that be ha* been drowned. Dragging operations have benn ctrricl - n. but'so far without result. Up till Satu 'day last no trace of the missing man eoull be fi uu I. The coniitiiu of the tuo b -ys, Victir and Rowley LUton, who wer-i iijured by their father on Tuesday ut 757 Oorpo street, when Misa Gorrick lost lur life, is practically unuhnngei. The elder boy is conscious-, and the younger stnii 'couscious ; but the latter is nut miking any pro aresB towards recovery. A certain New South Wales ex-X1.P. was dis coursing on his impressions of political life. When I was first o'ected,' he said, ?? 1 woudered what the boys could see iu me to return me t- Parli»m?nt, but when I siw the other frllows, I left off wondering.' A Tynoside, Englan 1, engineer has patented a gun which he believes, whim p-rfucted, will ttU «harge thn enorm ms number of 33,033 ballets per minute. Thn gun discharges its missile* by centri fugal force, being, in fair, a won lerftil develop, meut of the ancient sliig. It his a disk working within a case at 1S.0DD revolutions per minute, a speed which has already bejo obtairo 1 iu pra tice. From the circumference of the disk (irij-ci two bauds. The bullots are poured bta t*»« «iao from a hopper, and at they fall are ciught by the hinds, which, fu coining round, rain them OJt in a con. tiauous stream through an orifiue. T.iey are guided into a sieve, which may bo clui'att.l or epressed, and sighted like the muJii'o of a rifle. A great velocity m*y be obtained by the uso of hand power, but Iho iuveutor's'idea Is to me hin guns upon an uivnurpi) motor or, which should also have projecting blades, like the auoleut war chariots, with this diffireooe, that they wuuld be removable. The disk of Hie gnu is about lliree feet in diameter, and as it travels at the rate of 15,000 revolutions ner minute the circumferential rate of45,00Uft. This would impsl bullets with tremendous muzzl« vcbslty, and at clone qwters woolj, the iuveutor deolare*, mean abi'ilute sunlhllation to the ea»my. At Imporfaot mtchiue has already been tested, and found to answer tba pocutlons of its luventor. AttlioDattmoorCopp?r Mine, near Cnomi, in the vertiral shaft, alongtile the eastern lode, a very rich body ot orbouaie and oxide ore has been struck. A wcli-.'cfined wall was cut. The Coomft Coppr^r.miuingSyndiaatsis erecting macliiuery on itsl!-os9 at Middle Flat. The leaseliol lers of »URhy Hill, who are uegiliatiug with Mr. James Inglis, of Sydney, for the s*!' of their properties, have lodced the luases with the C^ioina branch of iho Bank of Naur South Wales, to bs replaced by fully piid-up scrip. There is gooi proBppcts of nti -a'ly fl^.t itioii. ll*t of the li-ssces have been graiitoltueiwnbionof libuur coniilionn, pending ucgotiatious for t'ie dispel of the propel ty T«« ihiei- l.'iis'S ae being worked, and bluke and party's aswy for 13 t^us sent, tu Dapto two weeks i?oi«31oi. g-ddtothetun. No. 1 North tent 10 ions to Uipio early this week, which is timilar stone to th« smill parcel recently seut, which assayed over 23 z. to thf tou. The result of the eru-hing h anxiously awaiti^. A man named lhotnas Uunrrll . waa recently nrrealed for caltlo stealing. Til. all^d modus onmrndi w»s to wat.il- the advovtieing columns of tho picsa fi.r n-itices of Btray cattle, and when something satisfactory appeared he visited the Advertiser, tepreseutiug himself as the owner of ihe anitnal, and cither took ic away or tried to sell it to the miin on wh'5u land it trospRBse I. Ho admitted that tho game was worth £3 or £4 a Scene : A tobiccouist shop. Eater customer, 'Packet ot cig*r«tteH, p'eaRC'1 Any particular b-anil, sirV ??Oh, 'Thrte Caet'cR,' of course. I cmnot smoke any other.' 'That is what most of my customers fcay.' CUrft Potter and Henry Duvalli were convicted in Melbourne b'-'fore Mr. Justice Williams of using instruments for so illegal purpose. The person operated on waB Dora Bromley, who engaged her self to the police to pertonate u would-be patient. When operations began the detectives emerged from a lupboard and arrested the practitioner*. Clara Potter was spttnneed 'to 12 months' and Duvalli to 18 mouths' imprisonment. In rases of this kind and a few others it is not considered an enormity for the Government to entice people to commit crime in order to punish them for com mittiug crime. The end jiistiGes the means. There is, say the police, no way of catching evil doers iu real cafes, so they must he trapped by bogus cases. The judges, out of their judicial knowledge, tnll juries th&t; I he evil is widespread, and pronounce tlip claim uf the police right ftnd proper. Signer Succi has fasted 33 days at Turin. Signor Succi, who is a na'ive of Rome, has for years p^t beea giving exhibitions of long abstinence. H9 ;, said to have fasted thirty days in IS86. At Barcelona, Spain, he fasted from September 22 to October 23, 18SS— thirty days; fnsred forty days at the Aquarium, Westminister, March 17 to April 28, 1899. At New York he farted forry-five -iBVB concluding DfcemWr 20, 1890. At the West minister Aquarium he engaged to fast fif4y_two days, but stopped on the forty- fourth day. 'Atbingofbeautyia a joy forever.' 'Signela Tobacco, whether light or dark, is not exactly e thing of beauty, though mighty pleasant to eraza upon, but to tho smoker 'Signet' is certainly joy for ever. The dfl'ie on the second reading oftheOd Ace Pensions Hill ,.-as commeucfcd iu th s New Z aland Assembly nn Friday. The Premier state-* t-iat in 1897 there were ..nine 23,100 mm of 05 years of Bge and over, «hiuh had increase 1 in t-ie present, time to 24,000, Hud ic w.w csliuutei tliatiil900 iherewnuM be 25 ODtt. Wih a'l the rest i.:lions imposed upon t!ie (nil, there were 5000 claiuinnU f'r the. £18 » ywr, which wuuld mean a sum of £9B.0C0 pai I Hivay anuuiliy. However, hs they were on the inorwasc, the pnns-iule cost next year of maintenance would he £99,000. The Government ould l.ot provide for all, but lig was of opinion that a com.iienccmMit t-houl.l be in*de, a:ii the question -aken up --aiiinst!y. Thedifficalty Uttierto cxpsrii-nced in UiecnuuUy of obtaining a really reliable l'iino at a ri-i lerate price is now overcome, and Ihi' wuil-kuowt, firm of W. H. Gr.EN & (jai of 333 (i,.orge.streeti Sydney (an i Mell-ourm-) are now offering the public un precedented liiirgaiiu in Piauos (? r uusli. The world-fdine I lilutiiunr l'i.mos from £(J3. Tha cele htate.l Albeit Sil.r I'iamis from l-40 The fiinoua August llei.ie Pianos frum £30. JCisy t rrns of tuns pjymei.t ariNiifjed. An immense slock of slii.01 and linuk music, ba-id ins'ruincnts, &c.; l'tico lists posted free ou application.* New Siuih Wa'cs stockownc.s are vecomm n-Ieil [-y fie Q.isonsliin.( .Minis-tur for Agriculture to lnoi'uliU- iheir cattle ugainst tick. The ihr.!« prineipaf cliuritible institutions of iiallarat (V ) have r«;.-Kc.l a windf.tll throcgii the .leallmf an elderly miser named Harvy, who re ccn ly dK-l from a'i inuuralile comp aim. Tbe policn, en taking charge of the man, discovered ?lepositre^i[,tHfurov-r i'933. Harvey li-fr £3v» to each institution, and £5) each to the .'oclor^nd |inlicenian who toi.ic charge cf l:iin, and liii cottage !?) a neiylihourii.g womiu nhn was kind Vi him. At B.-iiiligo, ou Sun 'ay, ehoilly after 8 o'clock, s mie youths, a-ms.luiih a riouMe-1 a-r.,l!cd gun, summed them-rfdvi-s at the coiner of Uiynu street and Stewart hti-eet, Mil hid not waite I loug wbeu pi.'n.ii:g screanis were hoard from the corner of tha utxt street. The young men ran to the spot and fiiuud a gUl frantic niid trembling wiit frigl.t She ?».u'd ouly utter ?? Tbe pbost, the ghoat,' onl swoaueil away. Turning the corner ihe la.ls siw a figure in white moving (.lowly along the fuotpsth, under the Miadnw of the street trees. Ooe of them fired at it, mid without « sound the figure jumped a neighbouring fence, and male off into tliegvden. T he ghoe-ly mantle was dropped in the flight, and when picked up was found to consist of half a d.-z-in yards of white muslin. As it bo.e shot matks it in more thin probaUe tlmt the 'ghost' was btiutk by some of the pellets, though be gave no tign. Tlie ' ghott ' is icported to have brutally s'ruck a y.iuog woman in the face who nluckily inreira'.toueat him. . 