NOTES AND COMMENTS. SINCE Mr. S. Phillips' return to Par liament, nearly three years ago, he has won golden opinions from thc residents of the outlying portions of the electorate, and the energetic manner in which he has worked in their interest has won over to bis side a hoBt of his former opponents. Though little known personally to the majority of tho country electors at the time be was returned, he has since, by his persistent efforts and success in obtaining mach needed improvements in the district, and by the personal popularity he has gained, done much to endure his re-election ; and though some may still be found who differ from him on the contentious question of taxation, yet bis persuasive eloquence may eventually tell iu this direction, and some of his bitterest opponents ra<iy in time come ta be numbered arnoni; his warmest supporters. Writing of the recent meeting of the Belarbigill Progress Committee, a correspondent says :-".Mr. Phillips dealt with the fiscal policy at some length, and I feel eure our most staunch protectionists felt the force of such able arguments as were used with reference to the present tariff." # * # Residents in town, and property owners, will probably be glad to hear that the prospects of getting the Fire Brigade into workiog order are im proving. On Wodnusday Mr. Jones, agent for Messrs. Danks and Co., was in town, and examined the fire engine which has been given to the brigade by the Council. He formed a favour able opinion of it, and thinks a sale will easily be effected. The secretary of the brigade, Alderman E. G. Adams, has receive! quotations for the supply of a hose reel, and an offer has been made locally of a supply of bose at a remarkably low figure. AB the money tn hand is suffi'iiont to meet the first payment required, busi ness is likely to result HS soon as a meotiiig of the brigida has been held. One is fixed for Friday nigh', March 18, and in the interim a sub-committee meeting will be hold to discuss the quotations. *s # * The health of the town is remark ably good ju<t now, although the autumn, when most people are jaded and unstrung by the heat of the summer passed through and are m./re easily susceptible to d soase, is upon us. Typhoid, which has usually claimed a Urge number of victims about this time of the year, is not nearly so prevalent as has been 'he case in former years-indeed, there have been only eight cases registered up to the present. Whether it is that the peo plo have by this time thoroughly digested Dr. Huynes's famous pamphlet, or whether it U owiii¿ to our bountiful water supply, wo will not undertake to say ; but there is no doubt the abundance of good wholesome water has something to do wi'jh the absence of the unwel come visitor this season. It is far otherwise in Bourke, for there qoitc an epidemic has set in. There are now twenty-five typhoid patients in the hospital at that town, and there is a t-teady incraasn in the number suffering from that disease. In one very «¡td case a woman whose husband is away has, with three of bür children, beeu admitted to the hos pital, all toxic suffering from typhoid, leaving several other youngsters iu their " home "-a tent on the common. The police have taken charge of these unfortunates. Nearly two iodine of rain fell in Bourke last ttatorday in less than an hour, and this will pro bably have a good result ia cleausing the streets. * * # In the letter from Alderman Adnms which will be found in another column, he expresses the hope that "Damper tickler" is uot dead. It will be seen from the letter followine that that peculiarly designated critic of the "iugenious Anglo-Israel theory" has not actually expired, although su far as the challenge of Alderman Adams is concerned be h di givnu up the ghost. The debate proposed will therefore not eventuate ; but there is HO reason why Alderman Adams should uot deliver a lecturo ou tb» subject A resolution was carried at the last Mechanics' Institute com mittee meeting that a deputation be appointed to arrange for gratuitous lectures, and Aldérmaa Adams might ba invited to inaugúrate' che series. He would probably have an intelligent audience ia that institution, even ii none but reporters were present. Bat Aldermau Adams must not take too seriously our little joke in s rece ut ''Note and Comment" about the probable paucity of attendance. He secmB on that head to be too "Damper tickler " * * # Through red-UpeiKtntbe atmospheric gis mon s<Mrtn tu h ive every prospect of a *? free leg " in the State*, even if intercepted un arrival-«MÉlese thc m icbiuery of the law be pu:°iu opera lion by private enterprise. Tbt opinion of the AUoroey-Geoeral ot the question seeius a most extra ordinary o oe ; and, if persisted j.», must give rise to much adverse com liicul. He seerai to regard the matter in reality more ne a civil than a criminal úffoiiue; and leaves it to the injured parties to recover, while at the sa me time he admits that the abacouders are chargeable with two extraditable offences. In illustration he quotes the possible levanting of a "pane-trick" performer, and asks " Who in going to brinsf him back ?" Well, Mr. Attorney-General, with all due respect tu that profound study, which Mr. Bumble tersely defined as " a lissa," we would suggest that it ia tbe duty of the Government, without reference to the amount involved. » . « * Like " the famous boa-convention which waa held .at Ilumbug Green," the preseut Convention sitting at Melbourne on the Federation business seems characterised by plenty of " fuss and feathers." Mr. R*>id is much exercised over the deadlock question, and has freely given vent to what Artemus Ward called sarkasm. With all his quickness of temper, the New South Wales Premier must at least be credited with a strong de tormiaation to conserve the rights of the colony he represents ; but, with Falstaff, he may weil say of some of his followers:-''Call ye this backing of your friends ?" 