The Church of the Living God. _._A paper ireacl by the Kev. Win. Clarke at the Sydney Ministers' Meeting on August 1st. One Body. The Church is a living organism, Christ Himself is the life which forms it. The Church is a unitv. one body, the body of the living Christ. 'Now ye are the body of Christ.' ' So we who are many are one body in Christ and severally members one of another.' The Church is not material but spiritual. 'Christ loved His Church, and gave Him self up for it, that He might sanctify it'; — make it blameless— holy — beautiful. As Christ hath redeemed humanity, every human being when born is a member of the Church. We believe in original sin, but we also believe in original redemption. So that every child, as a partaker of our common redeemed humanity, is really a member of the Church, an inheritor of the Kingdom of Heaven ; hence those who die in childhood pass from the family on earth to the family in Heaven, to be cared for and educated in the Church above. Those who have fallen out ? of the original state of salvation by actual sin and personal guilt are restored as members of the Church of the Living God through faith in our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ; hence Jesus prayed: 'And lor their sakes I sanctify Myself, that ;hey themselves also may be sanctified In truth. Neither for these only do I pray, but for them also who believe on Me through their word, that they may ill be one : even as Thou Father art in IVIe and I in Thee that they also may be in us, that the world may believe that Thou didst-send Me.' : Jno. xvii. 20-22. Those who have believed love the Lord Jesus Christ and are loved by Him ; they enjoy His fellowship independent of any visible organisation. The test question of mem TheTrue bership with the Church Test. is, — ' Lovest thou Me more than these?' 'Who- soever shall confess that Jesus is the Son of God, God abideth in him, and he in God And we know and have believed the love which God hath in us. God is love ; and he that abideth in love abideth in God, and God abideth in him.' 1 Jno. iv. 15-16. The great Catholiu Church, therefore is not Roman, nor Greek, nor Anglican, nor Presby tm-ifl.n. Tf. i.-3 oroai.av tha.n oil tha churches. It is universal. Organisa tion is not of its essence. In the one Great Church there are many churches ; office is the accident of the churches, not of the essence of the one Great Church. Men may hold office in the churches, and yet not be members of the Church of the living God. Only those who love God are members, and this membership is realised in the realm of the spiritual and eternal, and is bound by no terms of man's malting. He that loveth God is lifted into the region where all the realities are spiritual, and God is all in all to the soul, and ,the soul lives in conscious fellowship with the Father and with his Son Jesus Christ. We are Broad Churchmen Broad — broad enough to recog Churchmen. nise every one of every denomination, or of no denomination, who ' loves the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity,' as a brother Churchman. We believe in many folds, yet ' one flock and one Shepherd.' We are, therefore, broad enough in our creed to believe that God is no respecter of Churches, and that in every Church 'he that loveth God and worketh righteousness is accepted of Him.' We are broad enough in our doctrine and charity to recognise Channing, a Uni tarian, and Newman, a Eomanist, as brethren in Christ, and believe them to be men who loved Jesus Christ very sincerely, for they were superior to their systems and intellectual creeds. rp^g In the Gospels we discover Visible *ne m*n& of Christ, and Church. *n *nem a^so we &n;& that xie iormed a society wnicn we call ' The Visible Church.' When Andrew and John followed Him one day from the banks of the Jordan, and asked Him : ' Master, where abidest thou ? He saith unto them Come and ye shall see. They came, therefore, and saw where He abode, and they abode with Him that day.' Hue, as I conceive it. is the germ of the visible Church. Christ preached the Gospel — but He preached the Gospel of the. king dom, a social organisation, and the duties of a kingdom rest upon those who are attached to Christ as their King, and regard themselves as His subjects. The directions He gave to His followers in regard to any disagreement that might arise between His disciples indi cate that he recognised a visible organi sation, which He terms ' the Church.' We have also the fact that He ordained Baptism as the initial rite into member ship with His visible Church, and the Lord's Supper as the seal of member ship. The Church is a filial society. Men become the sons of God through faith in the Son of God who became man, so that the Spirit of Christ who founded the Church fills and guides it, and His law governs all its members. His method was, and is, to call and save individuals, and to work from the one to the many, from the unit to the mass. He saves men for their own sakes, yet not for their own sakes only, but for the sake of the world. He saves men that He might make use of them to save others. St. Paul saith: 'How- beit for this cause I obtained mercy, that in me as chief might Jesus Christ show forth all His long-suffering for an ensample to- them which hereafter be lieve on Him to eternal life.' I Tim, i. 16. Christ formed the saved into a society that the truth and life in them might live and work, and be a seed-plot of health in the world. He intends His Church to be a society of the spiritually healed working like a mighty health balm in the festering heart of humanity. The Apostles and early Christians went everywhere preaching the Word and saving sinners and forming the believers into Churches. ^n It is, therefore, the duty, Imperative *h.e bounden duty of every Duty. Christian to unite with the visible Church of the Redeemer. When a man is converted, his first impulse is to join the Churcli ; hence we read that Saul of Tarsus when saved ' essayed to join himself to the brethren.' The union of the bride groom and his blushing bride took place when the two hearts rushed together, the hands clasped, and the lips uttered ' Thine for life. Mine for life.' But then they are required and are bound to stand up before custom, order, institu tion aud law, to publicly avow their union by an open and declarative wed ding. This is necessary for decency and morality. The secret union of hearts first, afterward the re-affirmation before men. Everyone who believes the New Testament ought to be united to Christ by secret and personal faith, and there should be the open avowal of it. As we read : ' First, they gave their own selves to the Lord, and to us (the visible Church) by the will of God.' — 2 Cor. iii 5. No one who is a Christian should live an isolated life apart from the com pany of believers. No one has the right according to the New Testament to be a secret disciple. To exclude any possible thought of secret discipleship, Jesus, as if He anticipated the practice of our day, said : 'I have chosen you and ordained you that ye should bring forth fruit, I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you and will persecute you, as it has perse cuted Me.' St. Paul also wrote ' come out from among them and be ye separate.' Many say that this duty is optional, it is just as optional as it is for goodness to be good, for joy to sing, and for gratitude to give thanks, it is no more optional than that every other duty is optional, and eternal interests hang upon the option we make. Since the day of Christ's ascension, His sympathy and solicitude for men have been exer cised chiefly through His Church. He formed His Church that it may carry on ii i (* i i ? -ft- ? I - tne woi'K oi salvation, now important, therefore, it is that every believer should be a member of the confederacy of faith, to carry on the work Christ came to accomplish, and be with his fellow Christians ' the salt of the earth,' by which the world is to be salted with grace. Promises Tbe £reat Promises of tne to. the ^ew Testament are made, r.,,r not so much to the private Church. . ,,,/-,? , Christian as to the Church, and the great Pentecostal blessing was bestowed on the company of believers who neglected ' not the assembling of themselves together, as the manner of some is ' And the coming of the Holy Ghost after the Apostles were re leased from prison, recorded in the fourth chapter of Acts, was not upon individual Christians in their private capacity, isolated from one another, but upon the company of the elders and members when they prayed together in visible fellowship, which is a duty divinely and scripturally enjoined. Every believer should unite as a member with a Christian Church, and have a definite- placed and find special time for the cultivation of his spiritual nature, so as to be strong to witness for Christ in the open court of the world. He ought always to regard himself as in the witness box testifying for Christ. The position of the Christ ian in the world is a perilous one ; the air is loaded with the germs of disease, and the feeble catch these germs and perish ; but the vitally strong resist and H sscape the contagion. Pride, meanness, ,. « the impure jest, the pleasure, the frivol- H ity, tbe practises of the world can only H be resisted by strong men, and strong H men breathing a pure moral air, culti- flj vating and possessing a vigorous H spiritual manhood by ' walking in the H light, as God is in the light, and having I fellowship one with another, and exper- Bj iencing that the blood of Jesus Christ fl His Son cleanseth from all sins.' I We cannot shut our eyes fl A Sad to the fact which is con- fl Fact. stantly reiterated, that fl the working classes are I alienated from the Church. I believe H that tha sturdy men of toil are not fl against Jesus the carpenter, but I con- B fess with sorrow that their attitude. B towards the Church is one of indiffer- B ence, if not of hostility. There is a fl readiness on their part, and on the part fl of numbers in every station of life to help fl any mission, any institution, any move- I VMflM^ 4trio fa. l a oono vofa ffnivi 4-V» a /'IIim v/»V» H rhe number of philanthropists, and of those who do Christian work outside the Church is on the increase. There are numbers, also, who labour in the word and doctrine that have ceased to recog nise themselves as members of the Church, to their own injury and to our loss. They would be better for our dis cipline and Church fellowship, and the Church would be the better for their warmth and zeal. There are hundreds who regularly attend our services on the Lord's Day, who never think of uniting themselves as members of the Church. ^y^ x 'Is there not a cause?' are the Doubtless there is. There Causes ? are ver^ many- ®m *s *ne number of organisations that have been formed outside the Church for the advancement of Temper ance, Purity, and Morality. And num bers of Christians are content to be members and workers in connection with these. Their gifts, their culture, their genius, their influence are given to these institutions. While we rejoice in their labour and wish them God-speed in their work, as Christians we are convinced that they do not honour the Christ that saved them as they ought, for the world attributes their good works to natural goodness of disposition, a.nd not to the Spirit of Christ who inspires them. Another reason is, the Church has been so busy with her institutions and creeds; it has shewn so much partiality to persons of social positions and. has neglected the poorer members of society. The Church has failed to represent its Lord in His attention to the poor ; it has been guilty more or less of the sins denounced by St. James, hence many have turned away trom the Church. Christ Jesus was a philosopher, and the _ the first that recognized that influence is with numbers. He gave as one of His divine credentials, ' Unto the poor the gospel is preached.' Life at the root is life all the way up to the topmost branch. This truth the Church has overlooked or neglected. It is often charged with showing much partiality to persons of social positions, and in difference to the poor whereby it has alienated the ' common people who heard Him gladly ' and has switched men of higher rank on to other lines, as it has given the impression that it seeks men of certain influence and status rather than the increase of its member ship. inconsistency Ano*hf caas%is ^e *' f consistency of Church Members members. They haye been overtaken with pride and selfishness ; many are irritable, bad tempered, ungenerous, faultfinding. Poe's raven, ' with the mien of lord or lady is perched ' over the chamber door of the Church, always croaking. We mourn that so many are outside of the Church, yet we cannot wonder when we consider that so many who are inside do not exhibit the beauties of holiness or the graces of the Spirit, The Rev. Charles Garrett says : ' You meet with old friends who, when asked ' How are you ?' reply, ' I have not been very well since I had the influenza ;' — they are weak, sickly, irritable; they are invalids. So it is spiritually : there are numbers of Church members that are spiritual invalids. No one is attracted to a hospital except under the influence of pity, but persons are attracted to a bright, healthy, happy home. There is planted within us an eager longiug for cheerfulness and happiness, and people [ are attracted where these are found. They are not found in a Church of invalids. Let the members possess vigorous spiritual health, so that the influence that goes out of them be healing and blessing, and they will attract. It is the healed men and women who recommend Christianity. Where faith is strong and where love is ardent, the Church will be ' Fair as the moon, clear as the sun, terrible as an army with banners coming up from the . -wilderness, beautiful as the Bride lean ing on her Beloved.' Should Tiie duty and Privile8e be Preached o£ ohristians to unite with About ^e v^s^^e Church, ought to be enforced in our preaching oftener than it is. I believe in preaching, as it is the institution created by the gospel ; it is peculiar to Christianity. It was ordained by Jesus, because of its fitness to accomplish His purposes. Much of the preaching of the present day ignores the cultivation of emotion, so as to accommodate itself to the taste of the modern mind. It deals with subjects that the Saviour never contemplated should be dealt wijth in the pulpit. There is also a tendency to exalt intellect and to deprecate feeling, such preaching in many quarters is praised and popular. The Jewish scribes and priests were universally popular ; all men spoke well of them. They were ' of the world,' and ' the world ' in this ' loved its own,' but Christ said of them, ' Woe unto you when all men shall speak well of you,' their popularity only proved them to be time-servers, for so did their fathers speak . well of the false prophets. In a carnal age only those who preach to suit the times can be popular. But the Church . is always poor when secular subjects are more prized than those subjeots which produce The godly grief, the pleasing smart, : The melting of a broken heart, The tears that tell your sins forgiven, The sighs that waft your souls to heaven. The Church is always weak when spiritual feeling languishes. Gospel ^r* Parker says» 'Mecha- ' Preaching nics can never keep up Wanted *^e Church. Pathos can. There are certain cultured and thoughtful ministers that have no Christ, no cross, no atoning blood. What becomes of them? Ask the . wind. When feeling dies, the ministry is dead. And when you have ceased to ? be compassionate and become intel lectual — begone. We want pity, tender ness, solicitude, tears. That you will find in the Bible. This emotion begins the Book, ends the Book, stirs the Book like the throb of an infinite heart. We want all the genius, all the poetry, all the letters, we want them and welcome them all if they will be servants in the house of God and help us in the expression of an inexpressible pity, a contradiction in words, a harmony in experience.' The Church is poor without emotion; and have we not neglected the cultivation of emotion. , Are not our services and class-meetings characterised by Gilboa rather than Hermon ? and therefore the Church does not attract into its inner circle. Impatience TJ\er e is' aG™}- the la£k of the P conviction on the T....+1, part of preachers and 1 ruth. r , r . , , , , members of the awful danger that the unconverted a?e exposed to. We hear constantly the cry for short sermons, bright services, &c.; And why ? Because there is an impatience on the part of the people to listen to ' the truth as it is in Jesus.' Dr. Horton says, ' There is a dislike of any form of speech which does not im mediately amuse, and there is a passionate interest in everything that does not require thought and sacrifice, and which fur that very reason is totally incapable of building up a strong and noble man hood.' 'There is nothing we should dread so much as the witty, ingenious preacher whose sermons bristle with the political topics of the day, who makes his audience laugh once or twice during the sermon, and sends his hearers away with the delightful feeling that they have been entertained, instead of having lis tened to the solemn voice of God.' Such sermons never reach the conscience, never convert sinners, never edify believers. And as the Church is spiritual such sermons will never improve the Church so as to make it attractive to the outside world. In our present-day history, the absence of deep spiritual life is a mighty factor in the failure of the Church to attract. Speaking of ourselves, Methodism has always been proverbial for the simplicity, the direct ness, the evangelical character and power of its pulpit, its -lively prayer- meetings, and the sweet melting seasons of its class-meetings. These characteristics, with its earnest spirituality, has been the secret of its success. It has been among the other Churches as an alabaster box of precious ointment, the perfume of which has pervaded and sweetened the atmosphere. But, alas ! the dead flies of the world, and of worldly entertain ment and have spoiled the ointment of the Divine Apothecary. Another cause why many Cowardice. ^ not join the Church is cowardice. They wish to serve the Lord Jesus, but are afraid to do so openly. Could they spike any of the enemy's guns without any eye seeing them, they would gladly do so, but for some reason of pride or prejudice, or worldly gain, they are moral cowards ; they do not come out boldly on the Lord's side. They believe in the Saviour, but for fear of the Jews they do not confess Him ; the fear of man in their case bringeth a snare. The old cowardice appears again in their history. ' Nevertheless, even of the rulers many believed on Him, but they did not confess it for they loved the glory of men more than theglory of God.' Another cause is, spiritual sloth. The Christian world is divided into those who do something and those who only look on and say it could be done much better. We are told that of the number of Christians there are in the world only 10 per cent, are workers ; the other 90 have to be dragged along or carried. Numbers of believers keep outside the visible church lest if they joined they should be required to work in some department, They are so modest, there is nothing, they say, that they can do ; Poor mortals ! they are sitting idly on life's highway expecting something to turn up, which they can do, which never does, when the real trouble is a gross spiritual idleness — a self-indulgent indolence — or, because the Church has debts they keep outside, for as members they wonld be expected to help it out of its difficulties. They have not that fervent love for Christ ; they have not therefore that pity for sinners as to lead them to take the place made for them in the Church by the Master. Our life is not an accident, we are here because God put us here ; we are made for use. We are saved in order that we might be a blessing to others. A master- mechanic makes every bolt, every screw, every shaft of an engine for the place it is wanted, and it is no use save as it occupies that place. So then, Christian men ought to occupy in the Church the place fitted for them, and for which they were created anew, to advance the glory of God and to do good to men. How is this indifference What is on the part of persons to the Remedy? join the visible Church to be overcome ? We know that there have been persons in all ages and in all Christian countries who have kept aloof from the visible Church, but we cannot shut our eyes to the very serious and melancholy fact that church membership is at a greater discount to day than in the past. And this sad fact is, I think, the general expirience of all the Churches. So far as my observa tion goes, the indifference of our people to Church membership has increased since the agitation commenced to change the conditions of membership. Again, Church membership with us is not prized, as all the privileges of the Church are enjoyed by men and women who have not their names on our church registers ; and to remedy this we must either enlarge the franchise by recognising communicants as members, or change our polity by giving our mem bers ' rights and privileges ' that they do not now possess. Our members have no more voice in the affairs of our Church than the adherents have. How this anomaly is to be remedied is not for me to say. I see the difficulties that are in the way, but I do not see how those difficulties are to be surmounted. Yet, in the interests of our Church I am deeply convinced that the rights and privileges of our members ought to be increased and must be increased. To be more Th?re are many thiDgS Spiritually which we could mention Minded. ^y Vf^G^1 indifference to Church membership might be overcome. But the great essential is for the preachers and officers and members to become more spiritually minded, Where there is darkness it must shade. Where there is light it must shine. And light is always at tractive ; it does not speak, yet it is always speaking. ' In Him was life, and tne life was the light of men.' So this light, wherever it is, is always seen. There is no necessity for saints to be always talking about their godliness, but they must live the life of Christ ; and there is no testimony so powerful as that of the life and light of Christ beaming in our walk and conversation. When the Church ' Adorns the doctrine of God our Saviour in all things ' she will attract by the unfading beauty of her purity. ' Then she will surprise the world as a woman arrayed with the sun and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of twelve stars.' Whatever may be the defects ; whatever may be the weak nesses of the Church, they may all be summed up in this one : '? The lack of spiritual life.' The Great Heresy, not of The Great one age, nor of one Church, Heresy. but of all the Churches, is , .-.,.. „ ? not... one ... .of doctrine, but the lack of life. The Church must become more like Christ her Head. He is the Pattern and Perfection of spiritual life ; He radiated light and life where ever He went ; His light fell upon all ; all felt His power. We cannot read the history of Jesus trudging along the roads in the country, walking in the streets of the city, without noticing the crowds He attracted. Men and women came to Him steeped in vice. Slummers out of the slums ; persons with no edu cation, no intelligence, followed Him and felt the force of His attraction, and the secret of the attraction was treasured in His spirituality. The lives of publi cans and sinners grew bright as His light shined upon them. Under His influence God became possible to them ; God the Father became real to them ; not so much through His parables and miracles as through His spirituality. And there is nothing that will make God and Christ real to this artistic age save as the beauties of the life of Christ are exhibited by' the Church. Christ loved His Church, He loves it still. He prophesied of Himself : 'I will draw all men unto Me,' so and the prophecy will be fulfilled when the Church is ' clothed with power from on high,' and transfigured before the world, and the life and glory of Jehovah Jesus shines through her robes, ' making them white and glistening.' ' What is an agnostic ? ' asked Hollo. ' An agnostic,' replied Uncle George, 'is a man who loudly declares that he knows nothing and abuses you if you believe him.' * * * A young Englishman being asked at dinner whether be would have some bird's nest pudding, said, turning to the hostess : ' Ah ! yes, bird's nest pudding, and what kind of bird may have made it ? ' ' Oh, it was the cook coo made it,' was her prompt reply, 