HERE AND THERE. The following advertisement from the ' Daily Telegraph'puts the African Military Police in quite a new light British Scuth Africa Police—2G men are require 1 to enlist as bandsmen, Appicanta must be between 20 and 35. and fulfil conditions as effective troopers besides b^ing efficient players. Period of enlistment two years ; rate cf pay 5s i day ds being deferred pay), in addition to extra allowance from Band Fu d. The band is conducted upon the Fame piinciple as in the Army. It will remain at headquarters, Salisbury, Mashonalaud. Tnirdclass passage from London to Cape Town will be paid, and cost of journey to Salisbury. via Bulawayo, from Cape Town. Colonial Office, London, S.W. Before we read this we had always fostered the idea that the B.S.A. Police were spe'ially chosen for their mercenary proclivities and for the r fondness for shooting down native women and children, and generally playing old Herod. The fact that the softening influence of music is brought to b Jar upon them throws a sidelight that tones down the picture considerably. Men to whom mu9ic is periodically purveyed cannot be so horribly bad as eome of the South African critics would have us believe. Moreover, the providing a bind evidences a care for the police force cnmfort that explains ia great measure the popu'arity of the service. * * * * We shall, we hope, always commend humanitarian efforts, and we fancy that the gulf between emp'oyrr and employed would not be half so wide if the former evinced a little more care for the personal comfort and 6afetv of the latter. The safety of the workroan is made in a great measure a matter of law, seeing that juries always give damagps to workmen injured on duty, and keeping in mind also the passing by the presant English Conservative Government, of the "Workmen's Compensation Act. But there are a thousand small ways, inexpensive ways, for the employer to increase the personal comfort of the hireling. The spread of educ - tion is surely eradicating that feeling that the master must exact the utmost from the servant, and must refrain from lightening bis labors for fear of being asked for more. And then cmnot it be advanced with truth that the more comfortable you make men at work, the more you get lut of them. On many occasions as we move about these fields, or notice men at work, perhaps starting a shift or erecting machinery, oftener than not the workmen are exposed to the blazing sun, and hive added to the pain of labor (for all work is painful labor) the severity of a baking sun that mounts the temperature up to about lSOaeg Fahr. Now would not either of thefe jobs be better worked at, would not the men actually do more if a bough shade was fixed over them and they were enabled to work in the fhade. Quite recently we stopred at one such job, and noticed a fitter filing a piece of ironwork. We put our No 10 paw on ic and quickly took it o£E again. We took the trouble of borrowing a thermometer and trying the temperature of the iron. It was only I59deg, and yet the poor devil was supposed to do a fair stroke on it. * * » » This matter of personal comfort, or rather the neglect of it, sometimes costs the employer party dear. rhestroDgest instance in our remembrance was the iron ram Polyphemus built by a man who has since become famous as chief constructor for the British Navy. This was Sir Edward J. Keed He designed this famous fighting coffin, and neglected the comfort of the stokers so completely that the who'e of the watches used to desert rather than go a short trip in the monster. We have ourselves been in the stokeholes of 1 >rge steamers where it was impossible to get farther away from the furnace door than the length of the slice—as they call that elongate! poker the stoker stirs the fire with. Yet officers expect the men in these infernos to do a * ftir stroke. * They don't « do it. * Here are two boot store yarns which you may not have heard, and the first shows the banal influence of educating the masses begad. ' Show me young min,' said Mrs O'Hagan, 'a noice pair for them French boots.' The dapper young assistant, whose hair evinced a proclivity of pomade and his conversation a fatal leaning for puns said,' Yes, madam, here are a pair from Paree and not Toulon or Toulouse. 'Tne divil a haporth I care if they're too long or too loose, so long as they're a fit. What's the price young man V The other yarn is like the subject of it, a little older. ' I want,' said old Miss Finnigan, sticking out a No 7 foot, ' a pair of nise shoes, something iligant ani oncommon.' What size ?' ' Threes.' The shoeman looked : at the foot and his face fell. But it brightened up as he said, ' Do you know the latest fashion as regards shoes ?' ' No ; what is it V ' Weil,' he said, it is to wear boots or shoes several s'zes too 4 large for you ; all the fashionable people do so, and the latest trade circular from Paris describes how the Princess de Chi "nay set the fashion. 'Now, you take a No 3, I can give you a nicj shoe in three's, but unless you take a seven you will be quite out of the fashion.' The seven's are shown, tried and found to fit like a charm, and away goes Mrs Finnigan as proud as Juno, while the bootman strokes his chin and retiree to make a » note of it * against confession * day. * We lately loftily reproved Mark Twain for attempting to criticise or classify us after having only spent three months amongst UP, and those three months influenced not a little bv a carbuncle. Putting the latter on one side (though it was actually on Mr Clemen's leg) we are glad to see that our remarks are endorsed by no Ie3s a person than Mark himself. When Paul Bourget visited the States last year, Mark forcibly denied his ability to criticise the Americans, to instruct them, or to tell them one new thing about themselves. He said, ' The Observer of Peoples has to be a Classifier, a Grouper, a Deducer, a Generalises a Psychologiser—and first and last—a Thinker, He has to be all these, and when he is at home observing his own, he is often ab'e to prove competency. But history has shown that when he is abroad observing unfamiliar peoples the chances are against him. He is then a naturalist observing a bug, with no more than a naturalist's chance of being able to tell the bug anything new about itself, or being able to teach it anymore ways which it will prefer to its own. To return to the question of where M. Bourget has eotfwn hir equipment. He would simply be France teaching America. What would the new teacher representing France teach us ? Railroading ? No. France knows nothing valuable about railroading. Steamshipping ? No. France has no superiorities over us in that matter. Steamboating 1 No. French tsteamboating is still of Fulton's date—1809. Postal service ? No. France i« a back number there. Telegraphy ? No. We taught her that ourselves. Journalism ? No. Magazining 1 No, that is our own speciality. Government ? No ; Liberty, Equally, Fraternity, Nobility, Demociacy, adultery—the system is too variegated forour climate Religion 1 No,notvarieeated enough tor our climate. Morals ? No, we cannot roB the poor to eDrich ourselves. Novel writing ? No, M. Bourget and the others know only one plan, and when that is expurgated there is nothiDg left of the book.' And so on. Mark rhows that an outsider's judgment is no earthly good, and yet that is iust, what he ioflicted on us. 'Twas ever thus. It is harder to practise than to preach. Did you ever notice that the church services take, very little notice of women ? Men :<re invariably mentioned, and though the church's expounders take care to explain that the term is always generically understood, still, in these days of usiug the vernacular it looks like an error of omission. This quibble of oui6 was Splendidly shown at theohsequies ot the late buchess of Teck, when the choir sung, ' Brother, thou are gone before.' The ludicrousncss of this should be sufficient to impel the women's righters to have the thing altered and a due mention of women made in the church services. * * » The news we print elsewhere regarding the despatch of the mail train before the arrival of the mails evidenced not the laxi'y or the unbusinesslike babite of tbe Government but their parental attributes. You see there are certain persons who k ep hotels aad boardinghouses in Albany, and it is cheaper for Government to so arrange mail trains so tbat their harvest is increased than to vote any sum of money for the betterment "f Albany as a part or a railway terminus. This can be the only explanation of those repeated prinr despatchingBof mail trains without any mails, for everywhere else in tbe Austral as or in the universe the mail train is always delayed for the anil. The mail train that crosses the United States always delays for the 'Frisco mail boat, the mail train at Brindisi does ditto, at Adelaide, the same, at Bombay, in fact, everywhere. What, then, can be thought but that the paternal Government has to give some sop to the Opposition Teiberus, or Cerberi (for Mr Lake has more than one supporter), and they fancy this can be most cheaply done by making the incoming goldfields passengers stay behind, and by shelling out hotel bills fill the breach. Besides, it prepares the prospective goldfielder for the policy of fleecing tbat he is henceforward to live under. * • » * We know one passenger who tumbled to this little game and almost succeeded ia checking it. He arrived by an Eastern steamer at 6 o'clock one afternoon, and by dint of personal exertion toted his traps up to the railway platform and sat down amongst some other intending passengers to wait for the train. But the rain didn't come, and when they went to enquire they found that it had been despatched an hour earlier than usual so as to beat the Perth train at some well or tank and suck up all the water there was there or some such silly business But our passenger took in the swindle at a glance, and bavin? sought out tbe stationmaster he said, ' I want you to show me to your bouse. I have only my through ticket and cannot afford to pay my board at any place of accomodation until you think fit to despatch a train. So I am going to quarter myself on you until the train goes, so kindly show me to your bouse and kindly inform me at what hour tea will be ready. 1 have also been accustomed to a warm bath pvery evening, so kindly have this prepared. I shall go to bed at 11.' The stat ionmaster ilid not show him to his house.but the passenger was so diligently importunate and clung to him in su limpet like a fashion tha^ he showed him to a hotel and left a coningency voucher for a night's lodging for he hotelkeeper to fill in this amount. Only Jhe other day the passenger showed us this *_opument, which he did not forward to the Commissioner for Railways. The unsavoury case heard by the Bench on Saturday shows that the police have got another duty to fulfil in addition to the detection of numberless mysterious sheetings and burglaries They have to define the difl rence bet *eei a brothel and an ordinary dwelling, and entering all the former have to promptly arrest as pimping vagrants all of the Fritz Nitze kidney. • * * * This matter of pimping is a large one in our town, but the mischief of it is tbat the systematic pimps break no law and cannot be brought under any legal process. They should be, on economij grounds. The morality of their business we leave to the social purists, who have in it a magnificent field for an ingenious use of their profession. What do you say to the sta'ement that a couple of these batteners on the adventitious sex trade sent home three thousand pounds for seven months' operations. Yet this is a fact, for whioh the very best proif can be given We should like the Premier to con this paragraph and digest its full import. Perhaps he could take such steps that would reduce the dimensions of the adventitious aid. Even if he di i not care to do this for the sake of the health and morals of the community, he might, for the sake of conserving the earnings of the members of the State to themselves and keeping the maney in the province, take such steps as would abolish the pimp fraternity, and thus remove an element of cost from the most miserable of trades. * * * * We are a little afraid that the secretary of the Mining Exhibition Commission is a little too addicted to a fine use of words for a person who has to deal wiih the hard unshrinking facts of revenue and expenditure. But this may after all be an unmixed blessing for the appointment he mw holds. In this way. On Friday night there was a meeting for which, owing to lack of notice, we had to bfl dependent upon the secretary for a report of. This report stited in one place that the ' members of the Executive spoke individually, and it appeared that they considered the £3,000 was absolutely raised ' Now, the £3,000 is not yet in the bank account of the Commission, but as this amount has to be in hand before the Government will stump up the £5,000 promise!, all i remains for the secretary to do is to convince the Colonial Treasurer that the amount is absolutely raised. If he succeeds in doing this then his turn of fine diction will not have been bestowed upon him in vain. * * * * Kalgoorlie must be in a parlous state when a snuffing vagrant spends four-fifths of his last five bob iu cold 1 pizen ' so as to end hiB sojourn on this earth below. By the police court records it will be seen that a suicidical vagrant hid but five shillings in the wide world, so he spent four in chlorodyne, sixpence in a long betr and gave sixpence to the Salv »tion Army. Reversing the order it can be sien that he wanted to make friends with old Abraham before his transition, he wanted that transition soothed with beer, and he wanted to make sure of completing the transition. And yet a man who is capable of working wirh such mathematical and philosophic precision has his plans violated by a ruthless bobby, who runs him in under the vag. » » • « We are glad to see by the utterances of Mr Vereschagin, the Russian painter and traveller in reference to tbe hysterical Russophobists, who are always prophesying Russian incursion of India, that the tallow-cand'e eaters are vastly amused thereby. This because we have always been amused ourselves. Also Mr Verescha :in endorses our opinions of the present frontier war, and points out its flagrant noautility. Some time ago we said that Sir Frederick Loekhart could not su bdue hills, and that as soon as he had withdrawn from those hills the people whom he had chased from those bills would return to those hills and be as big a nuisance as ever, and that the present expedition would no more rid India from the ills to which she is subject by the wild tribesmen than this sentence could be ridded of its hills by a grammarian. Mr Vereschagit says it is useless to crow about taking one pass or a dozen passes. If English India does not want the tribesmen on the frontier she must take all th» passes—and hold them. We said this some time ago, which merely proves that great minds have many things in common. Varescbagin is the Russian painter who saw the row in the Reichsrath with Samuel Langhorne Clemens. » * » » In everything this century has developed there is some sense, and for everything some reason We buck about the women's fashions and our own starched shirts and buttonholes, but we c«n no more rebel practically, r?nd do without the trammels of the mode, than can the men and women ' who don't' rebel against the marriage law anl live in civilisation. But this lesson has to be learnt, as the followins anecdote will show. A good friend of mine has had an enlarged sphere of freedom in his lodging by being in temporary and sole charge of the well-appointed home of a married chum. He enjoys this liberty after the ten by twelve of a camp, and is wont after his ante-dejeuner tab to stroll through the rooms "n the way to his own dressed in nature's primeval pride. While in this array the other day the sight of the piano on his way past reminded him of a fugitive air, and without a thought he plumped down to fix it in his mind. He was thundering away absorbed in the theme when in a lull he heard footsteps approaching and without a word of warning, except ' I thought 1 would catch you practising'—a <ouple of his absent bostes>'s girl f iends bounced into the roam. To decide whether the shrieks on one side or the blushes on the other were the tiiore violent we will not essay. But we know that that young man now only enjoys his air bath under lock and key, while the gushing visitors make sure ' of their hostesses whereabouts, and double knock before they enter a door. We have made overtures to the actors in the contretemp to react the scene for reproduction in the PIONEER, but they don't seem to see anything funny in it. » * * * We want someone to stand right up here and define what poverty is. The other day Sir Never Mind Nelson, in replying to the labor attacks on the Q.N. Bank and all the big bugs who had inserted their tartgrabbers therein, said almost tearfully that they had no right to kick a prostrate foe. He pointed out that Drury was dead, and Sir Thomas, poor Sir Thomas (here he dropped a big salt tear) M'lhvraith was absolutely penniless, bed-ridden—incurable, in fact the prostrate allegory of pitiablene-s Not a member of the House but softened in his opinion of the absent Knight of Auchenflower, and even the stern Lab ir Party modifi"id their handling of Sir Thomas in their after discussions of the bank muddle. Now, Sir Thomas may be the pitiable object Sir Nelson stated he is— comparatively—but as he has just shifted from Ems to Paris, because the doctors there were mistakenly treating him for rheumatiz, and because also he is going to come out again to Queensland, and so divorce himself from the continental doctors, it is certain that he is not poverty stricken—actually. Of course it w uld be explained that, compared to his recent state, Sir Thoma9 is poor and helpless, but our sympathy shall be apportioned in the abstract, and we. shall not waste it on a high-lived invalid who pursues the ghost of his former health through the fashionable capitals of Europe and per saloon passage on the great ocean liners. * * « * Talking of Sir Thomas M'llwraith, how can he be called poor when he has a brother the head of one of the most, prosperous shipping firms in Australasia. We forget what this one's name is, but Sir Thomas was out here first and imported him. He was such a stiff built Scotsman, so Presbyterian, and so Iristly that he could not wear stockings, the hair of his legs stuck out so stiff, he could not get them on, or when they were on he could not get them off. Also be used to say ' aiblins'' Glesgie' and ' pawritch.' But his brither Tarn got at him, shaved him, combed him. picked the gutturals out of his back teeth and made a cosmopolite of him. tsure'y now in the days of his and his brother's metamorphoses be will not forget go id brither Tam. * * # * The church takes a short cut to everything. Avoiding the devious windings of reason, it goes by faith to the desired goal, and disregarding all legal practice it often effects reform where enactments are p iwerlese. This is perhaps the reason why the Salvation Army have been tooting the reclaiming bugle and banging the purifying drum at the Eastern end of Lindsay-street lately. And we shall not say but that tbeir efforts, if persistently applied, will be more effective than any municipal by-laws that might be framed. The demeanor of dwellers in the half world is highly emotional, and as the Salvation services us: the other node of the same state, it is natural that their teachings would more readily be greeted by a fitting receptiority than any more austere method. • » • • The French are vivacious, that is undoubted. Let a smirking mounseer be disappointed in his amour, and he straightway flies to poison or pistol. Of course, he saves himself by making the firet absinthe, and the Becond a toy derringer, but his revulsion of feeling is prodigious. The most monumental confirmation of this vivacity was furnished by a cablegram in yesterday's issue that the Chamber proposes to shift the transported convicts from torrid New Caledonia to freezing Kerguelen Island, which is in the Southern and not in the Indian Ocean, as a habitual misisformant would have the public believe. The reason of this is that Caledonia is commercially valuable, and that the presence of the convicts debars the reaping the fruits of this value. A little jump would have suited another nation, but the vivacious French must fly to the other extreme and shift their unfortunate convicts to a portion of the globe that could not by any physical possibility be made valuable. # * * * How the convicts will like the shift remains to be seen. It will be a change, though, from a place where the convict. brssB band plays in the public square to a region where if a man puts anything metal to his lips it would take a charge of dynamite to blast it free again. Where only lunatics wssh, and the natives kindle a fire by rubbing a couple of icicles together. Eerguelen's Island, or Desolation Island, was discovered by a Frenchman named Kerguelen Fremarec, in 1772; itjg85 miles lone and 79 wide, very mountainous, and intersected by deeply indenting fjords, and abounds in lakeB and pools. Hidden (under the enow) deep mudholes are frequent. There is no timber, but any amount of mos=. rank grnss, lichens, and an edible cabbage. The coast abounds in fur seals and sea leopards. The barborB are good, but the company is scanty, there being no aborigines and but a few sealers and whal°rs. Captain Cook went down there, but not having a perfectly safe convict station in his prophetic mind's eye, he did not annex it. Now, evidently, it is going to fulfil its destiny. » * * * Here is a true story. A couple of prospectors were lately working a show near Mount Remarkable. The surfaceman was just about to send down the bucket on a recent day when a snake wriggled almost across bis boots and diverted hie attention. To seize a Bhovel and kill the snake was the work of a moment, but the uncommonness of the occurrence necessitated more thin that interval of time in the examination oE the reptile. 'Ihe man down the shaft, through defective hearing or attention to his work, failed to grasp the situathn when his mate sang out that he had killed a snake, and without looking up sangout, ' Send the bucket down.' Plump the snake dropped on his shoulders, and the next moment the best scared man on the eastern goldfie'ds was shinn ng up the Jacob's ladder punctuating his progress with choice and spontaneous blasphemy. Of course the thing was easily explained. The surface man thought the man below had heard him tell he had killed a snake, and when he got the prompt reply ' Send the bucket down,' he mistook the third word for a certain noun that is oftener spoken than writ'en and straightway dropped the defunct reptile. All which of course is to be blamed on our terrible Australian vernacular. » * » By gosh, those Bunbury boozlers do biss old Sir John. The Mayor of that august city pranced up ti Perth a few days before the Prem'er left for the Federation jamboree and asked him why in thunder he had nnt filled up the Bunbury lagoon as he had promised. He pointed out that the boys spoilt their clothps wading in the mud, and that Widow Winkweeds got her socks wet every time she had to go in to drive her cow home. Did Sir John say he wouid see about it, thit there was no money in the Treasury or any of that flap-doodle. Not he. As mildly as milk, 'the Premier said he would communicate withthe Public Works Department with a view of ascertaining the cause of the delay.' Then the snTling mayor said the Council wanted 6ome road metal, and that the Government had it ir. one of their quarries. ' All right,' said Sir John,' take it away—3s a yard,' etc. Sir John may swell around amongst those Perth etnarties, or may blow over at Melbourne what sort of a niche West Australia fills iu the Empire, but when those Bunbury magnates get at him he has got to toe the mark, and no snivelling about it either. 