THE pasM riM Br Mrs. G. Sheldon, Authoress of "Dorothy's Jewels." CHAPTER V. a mother's last request. Royal Bryant's first act upon leaving Fditli was to procure a warrant for the est of Solon Retz, after which, accom panied by an officer, he proceeded directly L tlm man's place of business. Leaving the official outside to await his ; na'l he entered the store, and, going to the counter, addressed the man standing "Youare Solon Retz, I believe, sir," he remarked. _ » Dat ish mine name ; and vat might ne your pishness mit me V the man re turned, while he studied the handsome, manly 'face before him with a shrewd and curious gaze. «< j have come to redeem & Weitcu thcit ia in your possession, and upon which you made an advance to a young lady the week before laBt," Mr Bryant explained. The pawnbroker's eyeB began to gleam with a sullen fire, as he comprehended the young man's business with him ; but he inquired, with an assumed air of meekness: » Vat ish der young lady's name, if you pleash ?" , . " Miss Edith Allandale. " You haf der ticket, I suppose ?" still with insinuating meekness. " I have ; here it is, briefly responded the young lawyer, as he passed it over to him. "And here is the money also," lie 8The' pawnbroker pretended to study the ticket very carefully ; but his only aim was to gain time, for he saw plainly that lie had a resolute character to deal with. Aftor a minute he remarked, in a tone of caution: " Der young lady should liaf come her self— 1 cannot deliver der vatch to a stranger." " Look here, my man, said Royal Bryant, in the incisive tones which he usually employed in conducting-his cases, " wo are not going to have any unneces sary words over this business. I have . come h-re to redeom the watch for Miss Allandale ; there is the ticket calling for it— hero is your money ; now give me the time-piece without any more parleying." "But you haf not proved your au thority -1 must haf a written order from der girl, pefore 1 can give up der vatch, ' objected the man, with a sullen air. 'J am Miss Allandale s attorney," briefly returned the lawyer. " 11a ! you vill haf to prove yourself. Maybe you pe her attorney— maybe not ; I cannot tell," said the pawnbroker, with an offensive leer. The young man flushed hotly ; but he never allowed himself to lose his temper, under any circumstances. " There is my business-card," he quietly remarked, as he laid it, before the mail. He glanced at it, and his face changed slightly. The name was known to him, for tae papers had recently reported a perplexing case in which the enterprising young lawyer had coine off victorious, to his everlasting credit. But it was evident that the paw nbroker did not mean to surrender the watch, if he could avoid doing so. "But you pring me no written order — you do not prove your authority, eh ?" ho persisted, obstinately. "It ish all rerra veil to say you ish der girl's attor ney. Vat if 1 gif up der vatch 1 Y ou go away mit it— the girl comes for it 1 no haf it, and she makes trouble mit me ? 1 tells you 1 must haf authority." Royal Bryant's eyes flashed Sre. " You shall have it there is my au thority," he briefly remarked, with a wave of his hand toward the window, where, at that moment, the officer who had accompanied him stood peering curiously within the room. The face of Solon Retz f3ll instantly, and he grew pale with mingled fear and anger, as be at last realised that the young man had come amply provi ,cd with power to enforce his authority, aud it would behove him to submit to She inevit able without further disputation. So, muttering sullenly to himself, he turned to a safe behind him, and brought forth a small morocco case, which he re luctantly handed to his visitor. Opening it, Edith's champion found an elegant little time- piece, the case of which waa beautifully enamelled in blue and white, a circlet of diamonds surrounding the monogram composed of the initials, E. A., in the centre. Royal Bryant felt his ire waxing hot as he looked upon it. " And this is the watch upon which you advanced Miss Allandale such a paltry sura 1" he exclaimed, with indignant em phasis. " Hut it ish all out of athyle," re sponded the pawnbroker, with a slighting gesture and a shrug of his shoulders, yet, at the same time regarding the costly trinket with an avaricious gleam in his eyes. " 1 haf to protect myself — I could not afford more." " It is worth twenty times the amount " sternly returned the young man as he closed the case and slipped it into an in side pocket. Mr Bryant quietly left the shop, and, a moment later, the officer entered and arrested the pawnbroker upon the charge of theft and also that of passing counter feit money. The man, thoroughly alarmed by this unforeseen catastrophe, first protested his innoceuce of either crime.-then raved and swore at being so ill-treated, and finally ended by begging and pleading in the most piieous manner to be let off. All was of no avail, however, and he was compelled to shut up his Bhop and accompany the officer to the court, where 1 couple of hours later he. was called upon to answer the charges against him. | Kuyal Bryant, meanwhile, had had an interview with the grocer, to whom he related the facts regarding the golden coin, and offered him a round sum if he would withdraw Iliu suit against Miss Ailandale, aud appear, instead, as a wit ness for her against the wily pawn broker. I fhe man, who was not really bad at I heart, and whose conscience had troubled I him not a little in view of his harshnesB I toward the young girl who had been re- I duced to Bitch straits, willingly acceded to I the lawyer's proposition, and considered I hunsulf lucky to have got out of the I lr with so little trouble, and with a I 8eneroua amount of money in his pocket I untead of a bill for expenses. I "jnsequently, when Edith's case was I '0:'i there was no one to appear I, j' bur, and it was quietly dis- I issed, while that of the pawnbroker I substituted in its place. I bo young lawyer conducted the case I tory cleverly. ' I min i J0' kw he had, in a fit of absent- I l ness defaced the gold-piece with I siv > how he had afterward I W6n lt -tu bw copyist in payment for I kw't"'68 during the week. He re- I hi» q?W bad gone directly from I w! i i0 bhe pawnbroker's shop, I thi presented her ticket and com, to redeem the w&toh; which she had pawned the week previous ; how the money-lender had taken the coin and dropped it into his drawer, then, pretending to return it to her, claiming that it was counterfeit, he had given her a spurious coin in place of it. He related how, all unsuspicious of any wrong done her, -Edith had resolved to make another test of the moneys and, taking it to the grocer's, had ten dered it in payment. for her purchases, when it was unhesitatingly accepted, although later the man had discovered his mistake. In proof of these latter statements he produced the unlucky coin which had caused so much mischief. 44 But how can you prove that this is not the piece of money that you paid Miss Allandale ?" he was asked by the counsel for the defence. 44 Because I have that also in my pos session," he replied, as he drew it forth from his. vest pocKet, and caused it to be passed to the magistrate, remarking, as he did so : 44 Your honor will observe where the piece is defaced by vertical marks made with this penknife which I hold in my hand.- 4' It ish von tam lie 1" burst forth the irate pawnbroker, as he leaped forward with blanching face trying to get a glimpse of the two pieces of money. 44 Silence 1" thundered the magistrate, bestowing an annihilating glance upon the irreverent man. Then, turning to the young lawyer, lie added: 4 'Mr Bryant, you will please state how you happen to have the marked coin in your possession —a circumstance which seems rather mysterious, since you claim that it was given to the pawnbroker by Mis3 Allan- dale on Saturday evening." 44 1 will call a witness, your honor, who will explain that matter to the court. Mr Knowles, please go in the box," said Mr Bryant, turning, with a bow, to his for mer client. As that gentleman went forward, the money-lender Bank back in his seat limp and white, for he instantly recognised him. 44 Mine. Gott!" he whispered, 44 it ish all over mit me now." Mr Knowle3 briefly told how he had received the mutilated coin from the pawnbroker' as a loan upon a valuable clock, and that he had, that very morn ing, given it to Mr Bryant in part pay ment of a debt which he owed him. He was made to swear that the defaced piece of money was the same that he had received and paid over to the young law yer, after which he produced the ticket as further evidence to substantiate his story. Both coins woro then weighed and tested. The scratched . one was found to _ be genuine ; the other a skilful counterfeit. At lioyal Bryant's suggestion, the pawnbroker was ordered to be searched, when no less than three more bogus pieces were found concealed upon his person. This was deemed sufficient proof of his guilt, without further testimony, and he \t as sentenced to twelve months' imprison ment, without ESitil -having" -heen called to the witness stand to testify against him. . As the crestfallen pawnbroker was led away, Royal Hryant went eagerly to Edith's sido. 44 You are free, Miss Allandale," he exclaimed, with a radiant face, 44 and T think we are to be congratulated upon having made such -quick work of the case." 44 It is all owing to your cleverness," Edith returned, lifting a pair of grateful eyes to his face. 44 How can 1 thank you ?" 44 You do not need to do that, fori feel that I alone have been to blame for all your trouble," he said; in a self-reproach ful tone ; then he added, with a roguish gleam. in his fine eyes : 44 I shall never be guilty of paying . my copyist in gold agaiu. Now come, I have a conveyance waiting for you and will - send you directly home to your mother," the young man concluded, as he lifted her shawl from the chair where she had been sitting aud wrapped it about her shoul ders. Edith followed him to the street, where a cab stood ready to take her home. _ Mr Bryant assisted her to enter it, when he laid a small package in her lap. 44 It is your watch," he said, in a low tone. Then, extending his hand to her, he added : 44 1 shall not ask you to re turn to the office for two or three days — you need rest after your recent anxiety and excitement, while I am to bea way until Wednesday noon. Come to me on Thursday morning, if you feel able, when I shall have plenty of work for you." Me pressed the hand he was holding with an unconscious fondness which brought a rich color into the young girl's face, then, closing the carriage door, he <»ave the order to the coachman, smiled another adieu, as he lifted his hat to her, and the next moment Edith was driven away. There was a glad light in lier eyes, a tender smile on her red lips, and, in spite of her poverty and many care3, she was, for the moment, supremely happy, for Royal Bryant's mannor had been far more suggestive to her than he had been aware of, and she was thrilled to her very soul by the consciousness that he loved her. She sat thus, in happy reverie, until the carriage turned into the street where she lived ; then, suddenly coming to herself, her attention was again attracted to the package in her lap. 44 There is something beside mamma's watch here!" she murmured, as she noticed the thickness of it. Untying the string and removing the wrapper, she found a pretty purse with a silver clasp lying upon the case containing tho watch. With burning cheeks she opened it, and found within a crisp note and Royal Bryant's card bearing these words upon the back : 44 I shall deem it a favor if you will accept the enclosed amount, as a loan, uutil you find yourself in more comfort able circumstances financially. Yours Edith caught the purse to her lips with a thrill of joy. 44 How kind 1 how delicate 1 she mur mured. 44 He knew I was nearly penni less—that I had almost nothing with which to tide over the next few days, during his absence. He is a prince among men, and I " A vivid flush dyed her cheeks as she suddenly checked the confession that had almost escaped her lips ; her head drooped, her chest heaved with the rapid beating of her heart, as she realised that her deepest and strongest affections had been irrevocably given to the noble-hearted young man who had been so kind to her in her recent trouble. The vehicle stopped at last before the door of her home — if the miserable tenement-house could be designated by such a name-and she sprang eagerly to '"The fare is all paid, miss," he said, resnectfullv, as she hesitated a moment; then she went bounding up the stairs to be met on the threshold of her room by Kate O'Brien with her finger on her hps and a look in her kind, honest eyes, that made the girl's heart sink with a sudden shock. " My mother 1 " she breathed, with paling lipB.' 44 Whist, mnvourneen!" said the woman, pitifully ; then added, in a lower tone : 44 She has been mortal ill, miss." 44 And now 1 " panted Edith, leaning against the door-frame for support. 44 'Sh 1 She is asleep." Edith waited to hear no more. Some thing in the woman's face and manner filled her with a terrible dread. She pushed by her, entered the room, and gliding swiftly but noiselessly to the bed, looked" down upon the scarcely breathing figure lying there. It was with difficulty that she repressed a shriek of agony at what she saw, for the shadow of death was unmistakably settling over the beloved face, and she knew that the last of her dear ones was about to be snatched from her and gathered to the others who had gone before. As we know, Mrs Allandale, upon recovering consciousness after the'depar- turo of Edith with the officer, had been seized with a severe coughing spell, which had culminated in an alarming hemorrhage A physician was called, and the bleeding was temporarily checked, and, by means of opiates, she was kept quiet and com paratively comfortable during the night and most of tne succeeding day. Late on Sunday evening she showed signs of another attack ; but thi3 was also warded off, and she slept quietly during the night and seemed brighter oil Monday morning. When the physician came in, she was beginning to be extremely nervous about Edith, and hurried Kate away to Mr Bryant's office, the woman consenting to go 44 if the doctor would stay with her," which he, knowing the end might come at auy moment, consented to do. During Mrs O'Brien's absence the bleeding returned, more violently than before, and, despite the physician's utmost efforts, could not be wholly checked ; and thus " the frail life was surely ebbing away. She stirred slightly upon her pillow as Edith came to her side and bent over lier. 44 My darling," she murmured, weakly, as her white lids fluttered open, and she bent a look full of love upon the fair face above her, 44 1 — am going " 44 No, no, mamma 1 " whispered the almost heart-broken girl, hut struggling mightily with her agony and to preserve calmness lest she excite the invalid. 44 Bring mo the — Japanese box — quick 1 " the dying woman commanded, in a scarcely audible tone. Without a word Edith darted to a closet, opened a trunk, and from its depths drew forth a casket inlaid with mother-of-pearl and otherwise exquisitely decorated. 44 The — key," gasped the sick one, fumbling feebly among the folds of her night-robe. Edith bent over her and unfastened a key from a golden chain which encircled her mother's neck. 44 Open 1 " she whispered, glancing towards the casket. The girl, wondering, but awed and silent, unlocked the box and threw back the cover, thus revealing several packages of letters and other papers neatly arranged within it. ' Mrs Allandale reached forth a weak and bloodless hand, as if to take some thing out of the box, when she suddenly choked, and in another instant the red life- current was once more flowing from her lips. " Letters — burn — she gasped, with a last "expiring effort, and then became suddenly insensible. In an agony of terror, Edith dashed the box upon the nearest chair and began to chafe the ccld hand that hung over the side of the bed, while Mrs O'Brien came forward, a look of awe on her face. Tho frail cliest of the invalid heaved two or three times, there was a spasmodic twitching of tho slender fingers lying on the young girl's hand, then all was still, and Edith Allandale was motherless. CHAPTER YI. edith's heritage. When the bereaved girl realised that she was bereft and utterly alone in the world, she threw herself upon the floor beside the bed and buried her face in the clothes, with a heart-rending moan of anguish. 44 Alone 1 alone 1 " she murmured, while shudder after shudder shook her slight form at the sound of tho pathetic word which reminded her that there wa3 not a person in all the world upon whom she could rely for sympathy and aid in this sad emergency. Alone 1 alone 1 It has the most pitiful sound in the world. It speaks of a deso lation that chills one to the very soul — that makes one long for death and oblivion, and, to this fair, delicate girl, who realised that she had henceforth no object in life save that of providing for her own individual necessities — that for her there would henceforth be no dear voice to greet her home-coming, or to offer her tender counsels and loving encourage ment, it seemed as if she could not endure her deplorable bereavement. Kind-hearted Kate O'Brien stood by the solitary mourner, all her sympathies aroused for the motherless girl, yet feeling herself powerless to offer one word of comfort in view of her great affliction. Tears of compassion rolled over her cheeks, and sho felt like gathering the poor grief-laden girl into her strong arm3 and rocking her upon her breast, as she would have rocked a sobbing infant ; but poor Kate, ignorant as she was, possessed a delicacy unusual with lier class, which made her feel that sho would be presuming to offer her any such familiarity, and thus she stood one side, a helpless, though sympathetic, witness of her sorrow. At last she could bear it no longer, and advancing to Edith's side, tremulously remarked : 44 Oh, miss, it's a sad loss you're called on to bear ; but it's Kate O'Brien that'll be yer friend as long as she has a crust to her name. Come away, miss, to the fire, and let me make ye a cup of tea, for you're shivering wid the cold, and as white as a ghost." These kindly-spoken words only caused Edith's grief to burst forth afresh, and she sobbed and wept until she was ex hausted and at last sank half fainting on the floor. Then Mrs O'Brien lifted her in her strong arms and placed her in the invalid's chair, which she drew close to the stove, in which she had a cheerful fire burning, and where, with her back to the bed, Edith could no longer see' the loved form lying so rigid there. She bathed her face and made her drink a glass of wine which her mother no longer needed, after which she went softly about making a cup of fragrant tea and toasting some slices of bread, for she knew, from the appearance of the girl, that she needed food — which indeed she did, for she had been too anxious and excited that morning to eat a morsel of the breakfast which the matron at the station-house had brought to her. When Kate placed the simple repast before her, Edith looked up into her face with a pitiful glance. 44 Oh, I cannot eat 1 " she murmured, gently pushing the plate of toast one side ; bat she thanked her for the tea and drank it thirstily. Kate then brought the sofa pillow from the lounge and tacked it behind her head, after which she stole softly from the room. She encountered the physician just outside the door, he having returned from a call elsewhere to ascertain the condition of his patient, and told him the sad news. He -was not surprised ; and when Mrs O'Brien spoke of Edith's grief and deso lation, the man's sympathies were aroused, and he at once assumed the care of every thing, and, remarking that he would make all arrangements for the woman's burial, he went away immediately to attend to his duties. When Kate re-entered the room, Edith was sleeping the sleep of exhaustion. She had not had any good rest during the two nights previous, consequently she was utterly worn out, and outraged nature asserted its claims, in spite of filial grief. She s'ept for many hours, even though there were others moving about her making her dear one ready for her last long resting-place. When Bhe finally awoke, everything necessary had been done, a rude screen arranged around the bed, and the room made as tidy and inviting as circumstances would permit. We will not linger over the sad details of the ceremonies attending Mrs Allan- dale's burial. Suffice it to say that on Tuesday afternoon her remains were borne away to Greenwood, and laid to rest, in the family lot. beside those gone before, after which Edith returned to her desolate abode more wretched than it is possible to describe. She had made up her mind, however, that she could not remain there any longer — that she must find a place for herself in a different locality and among a different claas of people. Thi3 she knew she could do, since she had the promise of permanent work and now had only herself to care for. Tlis change, too, must bo made upon the following day, as Mr Bryant would expect her at his office on Thursday morniug. There was much to be done, many things to be packed for removal, while what she did not care to retain must be disposed of ; and, eager to forget her grief and loneliness for sho knew she would be ill if she sat tamely down and allowed herself to think- she began at once, upon lier return from the cemetery, to get ready to leave tho cheerless home where she had suffered so much. She decided, first of all, to pack all wearing apparel ; and, on going to her closet to begin her work, tho first thing her eyes fell upon was the casket of letters which her mother had requested her to bring to her just before she died. The sight of this unnerved her again, and with a moan of pain, she sank upon her knees and bowed her head upon it. But the fountain of her tears had been so exhausted that she could not weep ; and, finally becoming somewhat composed, sho took the beautiful box out into the room and sat down near a light to ex amine its contents. 44 Mamma evidently wanted these letters destroyed," she murmured, as sho threw back the cover. 44 I will do as she wished, but I will first look them over, to be sure there is nothing of value among them." She set about her task at once and found that they were mostly missives from inti mate friends;- with- quite wZjnuber written by herself to her mother, while she was away at boarding school. All these she burnt after glancing casually at them. Nothing then remained in the box but a small package of six or eight time-yellowed epistles bound to gether with a blue ribbon. 44 What peculiar writing!" Edith "ob- served, as she separated one from tho others and examined the superscription upon the envelope. 44 Why, it is posfc- .. marked Rome, Italy, away back iirlS — , and addressed to mamma in London 1 That must have been when she was on lier wedding tour 1 " - Her curiosity was aroused, and drawing the closely written sheet from its en closure, she began to read it. It was also dated from Rome, and the girl was soon deeply immersed in a story of intense and romantic interest. She readily understood that the letter had been written by a dear friend of Mrs Allandale's youth— one who had been both school and room-mate, and who' unreservedly confided all her secrets and experiences to her bosom companion. And yet, it was strange, Edith thought, that she had never heard lier mother speak of this friend. It Beemed that there had been quite an interval in their correspondence, for the writer spoke of the surprise which lier friend would experience upon receiving a letter from her from that locality, when she had probably believed her to be in her own home, living the quiet life of a dutiful daughter. Then it spoke of an 44 ideal love " that 44 had come to beautify her life of a noble and wealthy artist who had won her heart, but who, for some unaccount able reason, had not been acceptable to her parents, and they had sternly rejected his proposal for her hand. Next came the denouement, which told that the girl had eloped with her lover and flown with him to Italy. 4' I suppose it was not the right thing to do, darling," the missive ran; 44but- papa, you know, is a very austere, re lentless man, and when he ha3 once made up his mind, there is no hope of ever turning him ; so I have taken my fate into my own hands — or, rather, I have given it into the keeping of my dear one, and we are so happy, Edith darling, and lead an ideal life in this quaint old city of the seven hills, at whose feet runs, like a thread of gold, the yellow Tiber. My husband is everything to me — so noble, so kind, so generous ; it is so very strange that papa could not like him — that is the only drop of bitterness in my overflowing cup of happiness." There was much more of the same' tenor, from which it is not necessary to quote ; and after reading the letter through, Edith took up another, in terested to know how the pretty love story of her mother's friend would terminate. Tiie second one written a month latter, was more subdued, but not less tender, although the young girl thought she detected a vein of sadness running through it. The next two or three mentioned the fact that the writer was left much alone, her 44 dear one " being obliged to be away a great deal of the time, upon sketching expeditions, etc. After, an interval of some months an other letter spoke in the fondest manner of the '4 dear little stranger " that had come to bless and cheer Her loneliness — 4 4 lonely, dear Edith, beca«se my husband's art monopolises his time, while he is often absent from home a week at a time in connection with it, and I do not know what I should do in this strange country away from all my friends, if it were not for my precious baby girl whom I have named for you, as I promised, in memory of those happy days which we spent to gether at Yassar." " Then mamma's friend had a daughter, who was also named Edith," mused our fair heroine, breaking in upon her perusal of the letter. 44 1 wonder if she is living, and where. These letters tell me nothing, give no last name by which to identify either the writer or her husband." She tamed back to the epistle, and read on — "She is sach a comfort to me," it ran, 44 and gives me an object in live — some thing besides myself and my trou " — these three last words were crossed out — 44 to think about. When-will you come to Rome, dear Edith ? Your> last letter was dated from St. Petersburg I am very anxious that you should see your little- namesake, and make me that long promised visit." There was scarcely a word in this letter referring to her husband, except those crossed-out" words ; but it overflowed with praises and love of her beautiful child, although it was evident that the young wife was far from experiencing the con jugal happiness that had permeated her previous missives. There was only one more letter in the package, and Edith's face was very grave and sympathetic as she drew it from its envelope. 44 1 am sure that her husband proved to be negligent of and unkind to her," she murmured, 4 4 and that she repented her rashness in leaving her home and friends. Oh, I wonder why girls will be so foolish and headstrong as to go directly contrary to the advice, of those who love them best, and run away with men of whom they know comparatively nothing 1" With a sigh of regret from the un fortunate wife, of whom she liad been reading, she unfolded the letter in her hands and began to read, little dreaming what strange things she was to learn from it. 44 Oh, Edith darling," it began, 44 how can 1 tell you ? — how can I write of the terrible calamity tbat has overtaken me 1 My heart is broken, my life is ruined, and all because I would not heed those who loved me, and who, I now realise, were my best and kindest counsellors. I could bear it for myself, perhaps — I could feel that it was but a just judgment upon me, for my obstinacy and unfilial conduct, and so drag out my weary existence iu submission to the inevitable ; but when I think of my innocent babe — my lovoiy Edith — your namesake! oh 1 1 would never have had her christened thus, 1 could not have insulted you so, had I known 1 The letter here looked as if the writer must have been overcome with her wretchedness, and wept tears of bitter despair, for it was badly blurred and defaced. But Edith, her face now absolutely colorless, read eagerly on. 44 1 cannot bear it and live," tlie writer resumed ; 4,and so— I am going' to— die. Edith, my husband — no, my betrayer; I ought rather to say — has deserted me 1 He has long been attentive to a beautiful Italian countess, 'but I never dreamed how far matters had gone until yesterday, when1 I came upon them unawares, in Everard's studio, and heard him tell her how he loved her. - Then I learned of his base conduct to me, whom, as ho ex pressed it, he 4 had cleverly deceived and coaxed to; run away with him.' t is a wonder that I did not drop dead where I stood— slain by the dreadful truth ; ..but the two did not dream of being overheard, and so I listened to the whole of their vile plot and then stole away to' try and decide upon a course of action. When Everard came home, I charged him with perfidy.. Then— pity- me, Edith 1 — he boldly told me that he wai weary of me ; that ho wculd pay me a handsome sum of money and I might take my child and go back to my pareiits i Ob I - -.I- cannot go into details, or tell you what I have suffered — no one will ever know that but God 1 Why, oh, why does He permit such evil to exist ? There was a huge blot hoie, as if tho pen had fallen from her fingers, then. the missive was resumed in a. different tone, as if a long interval- of thought had inter vened." 44 Edith, 1 am calmer now, and I am going co ask a great favor of you. You are happily married, you have a noble husband ; and abundant means, and yon kiio wr- we once pledged ourselvas to-be- friend each' other, if either", should ever find herself in trouble. Presuming upon that pledge, I am going to ask if you will take my darling, my poor innocent little waif, -bring her up as your own, and never let her know anything about. me? She is pure ; she is not to blame for the sins of her parents, and I cannot bear the thought of her growing up to learn of her heritage of shame. Your last letter tells me that you will be in Rome in less than a fortnight. I cannot meet you — 1 can never again meet anyone whom I have known ; and so, Edith, I am going to die. I give my child to you - 1 believe you will not refuse 'my last request — and you will find her, with the woman who nursed me when she was born, at No. 2 Yia ael Yecchia. The woman has my instruc tions — she believes that I am going away on a little trip with my husband ; but you will show her this letter, and prove to her that you have the authority to take the child away. When you go home, you will take her with you, a3 your own, and no one need ever know that she is not your own. Do not ever reveal the truth to her ; let her grow up happy aod care free, like other girls who are of honorable birth ; and if the dead can watch over and shield the living, you and yours shall be so shielded and watched over by your lost but still loving Belle." 44 She was my mother ! I was that child 1" came hoarsely from Edith's blood less lips as she finished reading that dreadful letter. Then tho paper slipped from her nerve less fingers, her head dropped uncon sciously upon the table before her, and she knew nothing more until, long after ward, when she awoke from her swoon to find her lamp gone out and the room growing cold, while her heart felt as if it had been paralysed in her bosom. (To be Continued). 