The l.lberty of the Nubject I t is not easy to goess the motive of a man who remains indifferent to false reports of his death. I t is said that well-kuown artist who was decently put an end to by the papers presented himself lately to the astooiabed gsse of a'friend at a restaurant. When taxed with this inconsistency fssye F. L. Austin in the Illustrated London News), be replied that it was not worth while to contradict the obituary notices. There is attractive psychology here. The average self-seeking man, reported dead, aod formally lamented io print, might bring an notion for damages To say your neighbor is a caitiff, a robber* of widows sod orphans, is bad enough, but it is not even more libellous to slay him with a rtroke of the pen, to treat him as dust which fills a gap with a paragraph P W hat is this but to take advantage of hie supposed demise by selling him as news P An action on this basis might easily give a jury a fresh view of the enormity of newapapsr enterprise. But what ii-the objeot of a m an who asks no redress for his premature extinction P Perhaps he wants to annoy the undertakers, or he may suffer from excess of humility. W hen he meets people who charge hio with trying to pass as a ghost, b s . may »sy—" My friends, I h ere no ambition to be a subject for psychical researob.l You see I lire, but an omniscient Press says 1 am dead; aod whom am I that I should assert my existence against tbe organ of public opinion P" There is a story of a man who went xploring and was not heard of for some ’ears. At last bis wife gave him up as oat, and needing money, published a fragment of eatobiograpby he had left behind him. fie had notiotended this to see the light till he was deed, for it was racy of that peouliar kind of soil wbiob emoirs of tbe defanet sometimes shower upon tbe living. The publication caused a ^ great commotion. Half, tbe author's contemporaries were tickled to apoplexy, aod the other half wished he eould corns to life again, that bemight bear their opioionof him He had that pleasure, for the wilds he had been erploriog yielded him up, and he returned home to find himself rather indeoent, seeing that the world was too hot to hold him and his book. Clearly one or tbe other had no right to go on living, and as the autobiography celebrated his reappearanoe by a new edition, the public judgment was obvious. If I remember rightly, be ignored the hint, just as the well-known artist hat nored the proclamation of his decease, Sere we have a very nice question 1 the liberty of the subject, and 1 1__ artist will only bs original enough to olaim the right of living together with the privilege of death by newspaper edict, privileges which extinguished taxes and similar obligations, tbe issue might furnish aome agreeable jpleading in the courts. 