HOME MISSION SERVICES IN THE P.M.- CHURCH. Homo mission services were held in tho morn ing, afternoon, and night of last Sunday in Lithgow Primitive Methodist church. The. morning congregation was good ; that of the altornoon -was modorate : while at the night service the church .was crowded. The preacher for tlie day was the Rev. M. Reavley, of Annan- tlalo, president of the Christian Endeavor Union. In the morning the rev gontlomau preached on Paul's conception of life and death — from Phil. I, 21'; He exhorted the peoplo to regard this life as an education for the future." To the man to whom this life was most real and precious and full of service— to that man death was gain. In the afternoon the preacher discoursed on the parable of the talents, designating, ,his subject " Christian Service." All were capable of service, and capacity to render service was the measure of each person's responsibility. The conditions' of successful service were co-operation and the correct conception of the Master and His work. Reward was according to goodness and faithful ness, and uot according to visible success. . The evening's sermon was bused on " Why will you die" — Ezk. 18. Heredity and environment, in-; stead of neutralising a man's responsibility, only created opportunities l'or the exorcise of his own free will. Thoro was something, he admitted, in both heredity and environment, but a man retained tho power to say "Yos" or "No" to the voice of ovil. Men excused ihemselves by urging tho claims of business and the worries of every-day life ; but behind all such excuses lay a three- fold orror., Firstly : The claims of- God were a secondary consideration; secondly, that religion and business were somewhat antagonis tic ; and thirdly, that religion'and every-day life we're in perpetual divorce. Then there was tho exouse of alleged intellectual difficulties ; and the preacher went on to show that Christ did not demand that we believe that David slew Goliath or that the whale swallowed Jonah — in order to ensure our salvation. His supreme word to each one was : " Deny thysolf; take up thy cross and follow mo." " .Doubt your doubts " ; follow the light you have, and it will lead you into the temple of truth. During tlie tlireo services special anthems wero excellently rendered by the clioir, under the conductorsliip of Mr. J. Campbell', and with Miss Hydo as organist; A public meeting was held iu the church On Monday cvoning. .Tlie audience, though rather small, was still. representative', and included the Rev. W. Pettinger (chairman), Revs. M. Iteavley, D. Laseron, and \V, Stewart. The chairman apologised for the absence of tlie Hon. J. Cook, who Had been called to Sydney on public business. 'After two hymns had been rendered, and prayer offered by tho Rev. D. Laseron, tlio chairman made a few introductory remarks, and then called on Rev. M, Reavley, Rev. M. lloiivley expressed regret that .in this colony his church had no direct connection' with loroign missions.. Speaking in oarn-st and elo quent terms he dealt with tha need for inspiration b,y the Holy Spirit. The churoh of the future would be a Holy Ghost church — the church , that would meet tho needs of humanity and raise the' world; in which spiritual power would be supremo and dominant. AVhat did they need in tho church ? In- the first plaeo they needed authority, .'which must come by the indwelling of the Holy Spirit. Again they needed courage — boldness— the courage born of tlie consciousness thaE tho divino power was behind thorn. Further, they needed power to make aggression ; tho best way to hold their own was' to make advances on the outside world. Another thing they required was the spirit of self-abandonment. Self-con?, scionsness was the enrse of the miuistry ; it marred tho beauty and weakened the efficacy of all Christian service. Excitement was uot evi dence of spiritual power. Neither was the omotional temperament, nor personal magnetism, nor the social element. They might have all these and yet not possess spiritual power. The preacher referred to Mr. Moody's oxporience in his effort to get power— without which tlioy could do no groat work. The close of an ublo address was a prayer: for divino help to the preacher's hoard's, and the approval of tho audience was shown by hearty applause. After an antliom by the choir tho chairman called on tho Rev. D. Laseron, who dolivorcd a brief but appropriate address. His thoughts hail evidently, ho said, boon miming in tljo same groove as Mr. Roavley's. While not denying the value of foreign missions, he did boliove and did lovo the words home mission. After rol'orringto authority and the power derived therefrom, he quoted St. Raul : " I can do all things through Christ which slrongthonoth mo." That was tho grand secret of success. .Ho hoped that tlie homo missions would grow aud flourish. (Ap plause.) The choir next rendered another anthem. Tlio Rev. W. Stewart expressed liis congratulations oil tho reeont improvements effected to tho church; also to Mr. Reavley for his address, He belioved in the words of a Lord Ohaueellor : "God claims me." Inter alia lie referred to the present confusion regarding Federation. They could never expect a proper settlement until the manhood of these colonies recognised God and his claims upon them. Why should not the manhood of the country recognise God? We. were not pagans. They should all say. What am I going to do ? Goil help them to serve their generation ; to lie hold and strong enough to live for their convictions, and if necessary to die for them. (Applause.) The chairman announced that the children who collected for tlio homo mission fund hail gathered £5 Os Cd. In recognition, of their work he distributed prizes (books) among tlie follow ing: — Lizzie Brown (two), Win. Honey, Percy Jones, Henry I-Iewitson, Bertie Cook, George Beaumont, Alice Tliorne, George Hoskius, and Annie Morgan. After another selection by the choir tlie chair man moved a comprehensive vote of thanks to Mr. Reavley, the other speakers, Mr. Campbell, the organist, the choir, and the press. Mr. R. Hay, in seconding-, added the chairman's name. Mr. Reavley, in acknowledging the compli ment, gave some salutary advice in tlie matter of collecting for the missions, and wished them " grand success " in the' work of their churoh. He also referred in complimentary terms to the singing. ' The singing of the Doxology and prayer by the chairman closed the proceedings. 