LITEMTUEE. LITERARY NOTES FROM ENGLAND. [From our own Correspondent.]' LONDON, October 14. Mr, (jeorge Meredith writes a pretaee to the new edition of 13. S. Salt's life of Thom son, the author of "The City of Dreadful iNight." The tale of James Thomson's life is a sad one. Living, as he did, in the gloom of a hopeless melancholy, a prey to the drink demon who has held so many quick minds in his pitiless grasp, it is a matter for wonder that Thomson did the work that has mado his name famous. A long friendship with Brad laugh was a sustaining power to him, and. of benefit to both; and this friendship was the means of assisting the poet in his extremity. To the never-failing kindness of the famous Atheist hi? position as a dismissed insubordi nate from the Service-in which he had acted as army schoolmaster-appealed not in=*yain. Readers of' Schopenhauer and the pessimist school may turn over Thomson's pages,' but the healthy-minded _ and the hopeful will hardly find pleasure in them. The memoirs of Bismarck will, it is said, contain very, little to startle the expectant world. The title is to be "Thoughts and Kominisoances," and' the English and Ameri can rights have become the property of Messrs. Smith, Elder, and Messrs. Harper. It is supposed that not less than £10,000 was paid for the autobiography, which is to be published with the full consent of the Bis marck family. The great Chancellor dictated to Lothar Bucher, who filled in the dates of the Prince's recollections.1 After Bucher's death, Dr. Chrvsander oairied on the work. Horr Kohl writes tho preface. The work will be in four volumes, the first instalment of which will be ready in November. "Tristram Shandy," that charming old companion of our quiot hours, had a very narrow escape. So did Unolo Toby. An anecdote from the "Whitefoord Papers" says:-"When Sterne read some of the loose sheets of the copy of ' Tristram Shandy' to a select company assembled at Mr. Croft's for that purpose after dinner they fell asleep, at which Sterne was so nettled that he threw the MS. into the fire, and had not luckily Mr. Croft resoued the scorched papers from the flames the work would have been consigned to oblivion." The Duke of Argyll is writing his autobio graphy, which ought to bo very interesting. His articles, contributed to tho "Nineteenth Century" during his oontroversy with Mr. Herbert Spencer, will be published this month under the title of "Organic Evolution Cross-examined." Heredity again! Mr. Harold Frederio lias written a novel which he has entitled "Gloria Mundi"-a tale of the life of people in Eng land with a genealogioal tree. Mr. Frederic's pastime is the study of genealogy, and he is working his knowledge into a form that will allow him to deal with desoent and heredity. Iiolfe Boldrewood will come before the publia under covers again on October 18. The title is " A Romance of Canvas Town." Mr. William Blaok'sWild Eelin" gives readers another opportunity of a pleasant hour or two- with this favourite author. The vividly beautiful pictures of scenery drawn by his artist-liand have the same old charm.; and the Marquis of Mountnoalion - tho jovial Bacchus-worshipper, with his humour, will please tho reader. The story of Eelin, the Highland lassie, and her three lovers is not the best of Black's tales, but it is distinctly good. Of Mr. Norris's "The Widower" only satis faction cau be expressed. It is worth more than a romance-reader's attention. A skilful picture,£t presents its characters in a refined naturalness that satisfies in the way that only the absence of glare and straining can do. "The Widower" is a superior book; James Pennant the Right Honourable, "Cuckoo," and the rest of the oharacters move in the volume in the quiet harmony of a well-studied picoe of work. The warm and eager characters of the somewhat wayward "Cuckoo" is nature itself. "Bacon versus Shakspeare: Brief for the Plaintiff" is the title of a publication by Mr. Edwin Reed to bo published shortly. Mr. Reed has been indefatigable in bis research, and ho is to make out a vory good case for Bacon, it is said. That is. of course, if a good case be possible in such a forlorn hope. An Adelaide litterateur figures in London circles this week-the Press announces a popular illustrated edition of Mr. Simpson Newland's excellent South Australian story "Paving the Way." Rudyard Kipling believes the labourer should receive the value of his work. When the Editor of the "Cantab," the University weekly, asked him to contribute he replied: There once was a writer who wrote; "Dear Sir, In reply to your note Of yesterday's date I am sorry Co state It's no good-at the prices you quote." Tho early poems of Shelley and his sister ("Viotor and Caziro") are now republished. The once callow mind of tho great singer is interesting. Take this All, where are the heroes! triumphant in death, Convulsed tliey recline on the blood-sprinkled heath. Or the yelling ghosts ride on the blast that sweeps ijy. And "my countrymen! vengeance!" incessantly cry. Here is an attempt at tho blackly awfal; Hark! the owlet flaps her wing, In thi! pathless del J beneath. Hark! night ravens loudly sing. Tidings of despair and death. Horror covcrs all the sky, Clouds of ^darkness blot the moon, Prepare! for mortal tboumust die, Prepare to yield thy soul upsoou. Fierce the tempest raves around, Fierce the volleyed lightnings fly, Crashing thunder^hakes the ground, Fire and tumult fill the sky. Hark! the tolling village bell, Tolls the hour of midnight come. Now can bla-st the powers of hell, Fiend-like goblins now can roam. Volume 50 of " The Dictionary of National Biography," just out, identifies the "W. H." to whom Shakspeare's sonnets are dedicated. Under V Thorpe" we read the following pad- i ding of speculative rubbish:-As in "the case of Marlowe's 'Lucan,' Thorpo selected for patron of the volume a friend in the trade, whom he denominated '.Mr. W. H.' He fan tastically described 'Mr. W. H.'as 'the only begetter' - i.e., procurer- of tho sonnets-a description which implied that Thorpe owed his acquisition of the manuscript to the good offices of 'Mr. W. H.' An obscure stationer, William Hali, was at this time filling, like Thorpe, the irresponsible role of procurer of manuscripts. In 1605 Hall had procured for publication a neglected manuscript poem,A "Fourfold Meditation,' by the Jesuit Robert Southwell, and had supplied, as owner of the 'copy,' a dedicatory epistle under his initials, 'W. H.' Thoie is little doubt that Thorpo was acquainted with Hall. Southwell's poem was printed for Hall by George Eld, the printer of Shakspeare's 'Sonnets' and of many others of Thorpe's publications. Hall himself became a master printor in a small way in ICO!), and he described himself as ' W. H.' on the title-page of at leaBt one of his books ('Trial of John Selman,' 1612). No other person who was likely to be in the circle of Thorpe's acquaintance was known to desig nate himself by the same initials. Hall is therefore in all probability the 'Mr. W. H.' of Shakspearo's ' Sonnets.'" i ANOTHER POET. The London "Echo" has found a poet in Mr. A. E. Housmau, the author of "A Shropshire ?Lad," a new edition of which is just out. . The paper says he work is deli cate and distinguished; there is not one among all the new men to excel Housmaii in -his own line, not one with the sight and touch, &c.;, not oiie with more perfect' lite rary sense," a passion more restrained, sin cere, &c.; I have not seen the book, but praise like this may recommend it to South Australian readers who are always ?watchful for fresh good literature. . The "Echo" quotes the following as an example of pene trating sincerity Along the field as we came by A year ago, my love und I, The aspen over stile and stone Was talking to itself alone. .. "Oli, who are these tliat kiss and passi A country lover and his lass; Two lovers looking to be wed; And time shall put them both to bed, But she shall lie with earth above, And he beside another love." And sure enough beneath tlie tree There walks another-love with me, And overhead the aspen heaves , Jts rainy-sounding silver leaves; And I spell nothing in their stir But now perhaps they speak to her, And plain for her to understand They talk about a time at hand When I shall sleep with clover clad, And she beside another lad. The theme is the old one-of change an<J mutability. The verses read smoothly enough, but they earn the critic's enco miums rather cheaply. They are merely a paraphrase of what is said much better by the old epitaph. The ?wife has had inscribed upon Iter tomb the lines:- ? Weep not for me, my Husband dear, I am not Dead, .but sleeping here; A few short years shall quickly flee, And Thou must come and sleep with ifle. After an interval the husband has the following chiselled underneath: I will not Weep my dearest life, For I have got another Wife; I cannot Come and sleep with Thee For I must Go and sleep Willi She. This is direct,' tliis is powerful, this is penetrating sincerity. Moreover, mark the continuity of well-defined impression sliaivji by the true artist who wrote the lines. He makes the husband still cognisant of the wife's right to an explanation, even after her decease. The reason of his failure to "drown an eye unused to flow" is prettily -even naively put, in his first couplet of the second stanza, and his refusal of her in vitation to a share of her lodging in the cold ground renders the explanation satis factory and complete in every particular, and ends with glorious culmination in the word She-that cause of all strife among women. Here is perfect literary . sense,, strong loucii, resirauieu ptussiuu. nnu uac the great central truth of change and muta bility is enforced as well as even Houseman luis done it. YET ANOTHER PORT. Another poet has turned up, but this one is au iinprovisatore ajid a Frenchman. He was arrested at Lyons as a vagabond. When questioned by the Court lie ' an swered in rhyme every time, thus: - '.What is your name?'' "Onosime Loyo, sir lawvor, is my name." '.Age?"-"For fifty years, or more, I've proudly borne the some." "Your home?"-"The earth's my only bed, my roof, the azure sky." "Profession?"-"To love, to pray, to sing, and a Rood Chrisliiin die." "You were begging?'' "1 hungered, sir, for bread; surely no law of man Could force me not to beg-could lay me 'neatli a ban!" "Why don't you write your verse? You seem an educated man" "Alas! the publishers are men wifli hearts of steel, Who for a hungry poet no touch of pity feel. 'Conic later,' say they all, .'and when you great have grown, Then bring us of your verse, and we will make it known.' " The i translation is apologized for in the "Daily Mail" as somewhat free. The ori ginal is given here, in the faint hope that it may supply the place of a French novel as a refreshing literary exercise: - Onosime Love, v'enl amsi <)u'ori 'me nomine, Voila bien cinquante ans que je suis honnete homme. La tone est nion seul lit-moil rideau, le ceil bleu Aimer, chanter, prier, eruire, osperer oil Dieu. . . J'avnis faim, magistral, aueune loi du monde No su until m'arreter quand 111011 esiomac gronde. Helas! Les edilcurs soni de torrihles gens, Qui se montreiit pour nous assez peu complaisants "Quand vous serez celebre," disent ils, "mon (.'her maitre, N'ous nous oceuperons de vous faire eonnaitrc." Oh, mngistrat nierei! . . . Ton arret me sourit Car pendant un grand jour je vais etre nourri. But the law does not withhold its hand for a poet more than for a pilferer. Oiie sime got two days. As he withdrew his lean length from the precincts of the judicial hall he turned with a wan smile, and wav ing his bony lingers he shook out a parting couplet, as the skylark shakes out the notes that settle on the ear like falling feat Iters. And tliis is what he said: "1 thank you, gentle sir; vou give me rest and bed. For four and twenty hours at least 1 shall be fed." How .touching. ILow true. O, "Echo," "Echo!'' Vainly he knocketh at the gate of thy sympathy, grace, and beauty. 