THE PARLIAMENT PRESIDENT OP THE LEGISLATIVE COUJfClL -Hoo. Sir Rklianl C. Baker, K.CJLG. (Soothers. Dmrian). SPEAKER OF THE H0C5E OF ASSEMBLY Boo. Sir Jenkia CUct, K.C.M.U. (Light). MINISTRY. PREMIER AND ATOHtXEY- CEXERAL— Bis* Boa. a C. Kingston, Q.C. (West Adelaide). TREASCRER-Uoa. F. VT. Udder (Bum). OOlUtlSSIUNER OF PUBLIC WORKS-Uoo. ). C. Jciikiia (Start). CU1EK SECKETABY-Hon. J. V. O'LocUia, M.LX. (Northern Wruion). COMJU*-K).\ER OF CROWS LAXDS-Beo. k O'Lougbliii (Krome). MINISTER OF EDUCATION* AND ACfilCUL Tt'KE- Hon. R. Butler (YaUla). WUXP-Mr. T. 1L Broker I Wort Torrent). LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21. The President (Bon. Sir K. O. Boko) took the Chair at 11 a jn. ENGLISH POSTAGE STAMPS. The CHLhF SECRETARY (lion. J. V. 0'I.oghlia) informed the Hon. G. McGregor that the Postal Department would have English postage *bunpi- fur wile so soon as they could be obtained from England. TOLLIXG-l'LACE-WAKCOWlE. The Hon. .1. 0. BICE moved— 'That an addresw be presented to Hi* Excellency the LieutenanUJovernor, praying His Excel lency to issue a proclamation declaring War cowie a poiliag-ptace lor the Uectoral JDis tritt of Newcastle.'' He did not anticipate any difficulty in getting members to agree to the proposal. (Hon. U. McGregor — 'Where is this place*') The hon. mem ber knew well where it was. Warcowie had been discussed in Parliament often enough. In some cases elector* in the vici nity nt Warcowie had tp travel more than twenty miles to record their votes. It might be urged that they could vote through the pan, but be would point out that at the recent North - Eastern election voter* -were deprived of this privilege owing to the shortness of time between the demise of Dr. Campbell and the day of nomination. Carried. DEVELOPMENT OP THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. The Hon. J. WARREN moved— That in the opinion of thi* Council, immediate ateps should be taken to secure the settle ment of people on, and the development of the resources of, the Northern Territory-. Hon. members would probably think it extraordinary that he should table this motion at the fair-end of die session. But up till a few days ago there was every rwi-son to believe that a Hill dealing .with \he rcytrfctiou of coloured immigration which would have opened up the whole question of the development of the -or- thern Territory — would have been sub mitted to the Council. That Bill, however, had met iu fate, and he had no alter native but to move the motion. They had been told that the Premier* ot xhc Australian colonies had agreed regard; ing what should be done in the matter ot roloured labour immigration. But it ap peared that the people and the Parliaments were not in accord with the Premiers, as only New South Wales had passed their pet scheaie. Both Victoria and South Aus tralia had rejected it; neither Queensland nor Western Australia would entertain it. On the contrary Queensland introduced freely all the labour she required, and Western Australia introduced coloured labour north of the twenty-sixth inrallel of latitude. He wished to show what ad vantages would accrue to South Australia if they dealt with the Noitheru Territory in a commonseiue way, instead of pursuing the dog-in-the-manger policy that had proved to di«utroiu utid costly. If the Territory were as prosperous as Queensland there would be a market there for our agricultural and horticultural produce, es pecially for flour, wine, and preserved fruit-*. There would be an opening for our yourjt men a» managers, overseers, and artisans. There would be no such dis charge uf wotkuien as had taken place lately in the workshop in Gawler. Rail ways and engines would be wanted as in Queensland to cart and crush the cane and inanufocture the sugar, as wril as the min ing machinery for which (.Sawler was so famous. Thu taxpayer would be relieved from the ever increasing tax to keep the Territory going. About three yeans ago the deficit wan about £60,000; two years since it was about £70,000; last year it was £85,000; and this year it was estimated at £fett,0CO, a tmm greater than our land and absentee tax put together, which stood at £81,233. That money was simply thrown away to subsidize some 4,250 people, of whom only 1,500 were Europeans, the rest consisting of Chinese, Japanese, Ac. Besides that we were sending away to similar countries £230.000 annually for tropical products crown by coloured labour, 'which we ourselves could produce in the ftkape ot* sugar, coffee, cocoa, bananas, pineapples. &c; It bad been proved con clusively that all there and many other tropical products, such as india-rnbber. cot ton, oils, and fibres, thrived well there, and that there was an abundance of good land with very gupcrior shipping facilities tot possessed by our neighbour. All that fas not being done, while Queensland had ncreawil her population from 28,036 in 1881 » 4S4.700 in 1897. The Territory, which rould if permitted earn- as great a popula tion, had only A&to; people. Queensland .lad increased her cattle from560,196 in 1861 :n 6,099,013 in 1507. her sheep from 4,093^Sl 'n 1861 to 17,707,883 in 1807. and there was a corresponding incrrttM: in every other production. The Territory, however, had only 100,580 rattle and 133,350 sheep, and h»r other product* wen* retrogressing. Were the people and the Parliament con sent to continue that waste when it could oe easily avoided without lose or damaue. to any individual— nay. with profit to all? He refused to believe that any well- wisher of South Australia was content. The I people only rcnuireH to be informed of the | facts to remedy that state of affairs.! People who hail not *tudi«l the subject might be curious to know what was neees- ! airy to bring al-out that great change from I absolute ruin to Mitch prospcritv. As far! as agriculture wa* concerned, all that was ncceswiry wan U» |oy a few hundreds a year to a retired Indian officer appointed by the Indian Government, and re*jionjsible- to them, who would live iu the Territory, ami *ve tliat the labourers im'iorted under the Indian ImmiLTation Act were not wronged by their employers. The subtly to the officer would very shortly be repaid by the Territory as tnon as settlement was fairly established. There should he an assurance that the sitpnlv of labour necessarr for th* cultivation of the land would not be cut off ff-» a win'whlB t*nit*. sueh as would jiw tify capitalists in investing their money in development. When the Chief Pecretnry and Treasurer and himself were travelling in Om*n4and as members of the Northern Territory CortimiasiAn they siff gugar nulls erected and in course of erection that cost up to £100.000 each, £30.000 beine quite a common cost of imperfect miil*. The Labour Party would probably sav that if we introduced coloured Li hour it would come here and undersell the white labour. Quite the oppoiritc. If the Indian Tamil, the man the Hmi. Thomas Playford so stronglv recommended after visiting Queens land. India, and Port. Darwin, were intro duced his carte prejudices would not permit him to perform any labour except the actual cfi'!:r»tinn r^-h-soil. Knrevcrr three Tamil* introduced there would he work for at least two whit? men, where at present there wan no work for them, a.* while men could not do the fieldwork and live. As to their com injf to this jMtrt of the province, that wa* as improbable as Uiat de Rougemont's worn bntn rose in clouds in the eveninjs from t*n- iA-mil he de«*rihed. Thev could not if th'v would, and they would not if they \--ouli?. and if any did attempt to come they could be easily stopped and sent bark. Work would be given to all sort* of l.i liourcrs, curb a* art;«aiw, overeeen«. and man.v^r*. VaA «»nis of mnnev would lie rrowrht to the province to be mainly spent in further development and settlement on the land. Lad y««nr the C'.wnril to it« rreilM. 'le.ep:tH tlico|-:in-ii»ionofthcMin-stry. ;iircnd-Hl a Rill aswmilatine it with the |ki \--!i-ml laws here. If it had |KM-ed it would ha vi* p-ne a long wav to secure the settle ment on tin* pantoral lands of the Territjory. It pi'1'**1! the Council early in October, but 'he Miui.*try sho\v-t| their determination to blctU pnvresH in the Territory. They never ?would allow t.'ie «*»-ond readinc to come off in the Asxcmbly. He felt quite sure that w- fon-s as tlw* preWnt Ministry were in power nothing .rould be done. It was a question f»r thi- people to conflder whether they were to rontinuc to submit to thL- needles -.n.I imroasinp taxation, which must ulti ii w !«?!-? brine roin. or whether they would in*-r on the nciYHKirr steps being taken to rriievi- them of the burden, and wipe out !he itiscroce of havinc attemDten to setU«* Jhe f»u?itry and failed throuah the fault of thi-ir repre^ntativin. He felt *un» that if tlie CounHl had their way the difficulty w.-mM s.H»n lw nfilvcd. and he hoped the se«-l he \v:i« endcavourm? t«j sow would pro Ar.ro an ahundant harvest. He hod no ether end in view but the prosperity of the rcwle and the province. ... The Hon. J. LEWIS sympathized with th-* nvj;rks of Mr. Warren, but was wrry that tl:-» trotion had not come on earlier in the hm-.i. It was really too late to give it tl'f r« tiuderatinn that «w due lo it TiiT* tt» no doubt that if the Northern Territory 'were to prosper it would not be by Kur-.r««n labour, and he did not believe in tlie dog in the manger policy which was being pursued. He hoped that early next v*rion the Government would bruur in a ?Jul aerUnu with the Territory, and ii they lid itol he hoped a private member would ; take action. Tlie Territory ought to be an j wet to South Australia instead of a debt, i 3*e Government subsidised the cattle temde tor tLree or five yean, and offered to -ex- 1 teml ths subsidy tor & longer term on coo- - iki'Mi that » Company wm forntcd. Jt was not fenued, and tick breaking «hU the Dutch Gcvfrnroent thought it adviwble not to allow cattle to be imported to Java until they knew what the fever really meant. ' They sent an olfi-.er to Uie Terntorv to ! make enquiries, and his report was uot at ° til against the exportation of cattle to Java. ! lewtvei, the GoTernment here had cstab- j lisbed a prohibitory line, and the Dutch Government «aid that if .they took that* Lw&y; they would allow cattle to come into Java. This the -South Australian Govern ment refused to do, and so the cattle' were kept out by the Dutch ! Ciovernmcnt, and the hope of the «qnatters wa* crushed. Really there was nothing in the tick fever. It was known that tick only lived in a hot, humid climate, . not in do* heat or coid and ftwt, so that Uie Government couW have removed the line with perfect safety. The Hon. J. G. BICE said thai the posi tion of the Northern Territory was not so had as it was made out. It bad been made to suffer in consequence of tlie colony en deavouring to carry oat a work which it wm not capable of doing— the tranwonti nental railway. The Audit Commissioner's report showed that the finances of the Territory, as could be fairly ascribed to it, were in a much better condition than those of South Australia itself. Tfeere was a credit balance in the general accounts for 1896-7 of £19,000. (Hon. J. Lewis-'-Howdo you arrive at that?') The audit report sfiiowed it. Take out of the reckoning £17,000 interest on the current account with South Australia, which was overdrawn entirely in consequence of the lo» on the Pine Creek Railway. (Hon. D. M. Charles ton— '?Was not that built in the interests of the Territory?') It was intended as a portion of the transcontinental railway, and should certainly be brought into the account of the railways generally. As far as he caught Mr. Warren's figures about stock, they did not agree with, the Statisti cal Register for 1897, which showed that there were 894 cattle and 59,000 sheep in the country. Considering the difficulties the ?squatters had in finding a market, those figures were fairly satisfactory. Mr. War ren blamed the present Government and Parliament for the fact that no In dian officer was in the Territory- In the past the Conservative Governments, with majorities in -both Houses, had had oppor tunities for putting the Indian Immigration Act on a proper bans; but they had done nothing. The present Government had re ceived the matter as a legacy from the Con servative Ministries, and he objected to their being blamed for the state of affairs. (Hon. J. Warren— 'They don't do anything to care it.') It was thought that the Royal CouunisMon would have suggested a way out ot the difficulty, but they had recom mended nothing of a definite or practical nature. ' ' Notwithstanding the few inac curacies he made be thanked Mr. Warren for hating brought on the motion. The Hon. F. BASEDOW moved the ad journment of the debate. Carried. Tlie Hon. J. WARKEN moved that the adjourned debate be an Order of the Day for 7.30 p.m. Negatived. Tlie Hon. C. WILLCOX called for a division, but subsequently withdrew. MERCHANT SEAMEN'S BILL. Consideration of the House of Assembly's On this Order of the Day being called 'The PRESIDENT said-I wish to bring ?a matter of importance in' connection with this JJill before the attention of the Coun cil. The question is whether this Bill can be proceeded with or not. This is a Bill which was taken up under the Lapsed Bills Continuance Act. It was introduced in this Council in 18U6, and went down to the Assembly, and was there dropped in 185X5. Under the provisions of the Lapsed Bills Continuance Act the Assembly re vived it. iii 1S97. So far it was perfectly in order. It was dropped in 18!ff, and nothing further was done. In 1896 the Assembly revived it. Whether that was done rightly or wrongly is a matter of opi nion. , cut a message came to this Council asking' it to consider amendments made by the Assembly in 1898 concerning a Bill in troduced into this Council in 1896. The Act of 1893 said:— 'When any Bill shall have passed its second reading in either House of 1'ariiamcnt, but shall not have been finally disposed of at the close of the session, such 'Bill shall not necessarily lapse by prorogation, but may, in the next ses sion of the wirae Parliament, be restored to the stage reached in the previous session. Tue words were 'the ttewion,' and not * a session.' It teems to me to contemplate that only one session must la'tee, and not two sessions. If two could lapse thtce might Uuse, and we might be asked to consider amendments mane by the Assem bly three years after; I do not think that ik the spirit of the Act. . Thu u not a question concerning our own Standing Orders. If it were and we made a mis take our mistake would have no great evil consequences, because we would be the final judges. But when it is an Act of Parliament, and introduced in such a man ner that it may be invalid, a Court, of law would enquire whether the provisions ot »h» Xm tiaii K«-n eomnlied with. If there is a doubt it is far better not to run a nsk. The Hon. R. S .GUTH1UE— Do I under stand you to rule that it canuot be pro ceeded with? The PRESIDENT— I have not given a definite ruling. I only bad my attention railed to the matter a few minutes before the Council met. The Hon. R. S. OUT11RIE said he wan ted to t»oint out the jiosition. He had acted under advice regarding the proced ure uf the Bill, and he did not anticipate that any objection would be raised until five minutes ago. He asked hon. members not to make up their minds hurriedly. The President had very properly put it that (here were one or two constructions to be placed upon it, and in justice to the Hill and to tbe discussion, and to the deter mination of thi» House and another place it was a question deserviug of considera tion. According to the contention of the President the Hill passed here in 1896 and went to another place, where it was taken up and got Iu the second reading stage. Tlie Lapsed Bills Continuance Act of 1893 provided that it could be taken up in the following year. By that very fact the Bill was never dead. At the end of that ses sion the Bill had not been finally nassH and again in tbe following year Hie Bill was revived again. isurely it had never died. Absolutely it was the same as one session. It had been advanced from state to stage inside one Parliament. He thousbt they might veryr-roperivgoon wit it. The validity of any Bill could be chal lenced. ? ? „ The PRESIDENT— Iso, not so far as pro cedure is concerned. The Hon. R. S. GUTHRIE said they had bad Act* challenged. The PRESIDENT— Because they did not comply with the Constitution Act. Striotiy speaking, the whole of this ducuMion ia irregular. I «aid I had very crave doubt* as to whether the Bill should be proceeded with, and I understood that the lion, mem ber wm going to move for the postpone ment of the conraderfttion of this matter. 1 »ImH have to take the responsibility of deciding whether this should be gone on with or not. ' - The Hon. R. S. GUTHRIE moved that the conrideration of this Order of the Day be postponed until after 'Orders of nie Dav. private bunnem.' the Hon. J. H. GORDON-Do I under stand that you have given a ruling that the Bill cannot be proceeded with? The PRESIDENT— I have not given a definite ruling.. I. have very grave doubts. Thf Art is very ambieuotw. The Ifon. J. H. GORDON mid the Bill was certainly open to hw interpretations. The spirit of the Act was to keep the Bill alive, but whether the Aot said that or no was another matter. He wan rather in clined to the opinion expressed by the Hon. Mr. Guthrie that as long as the Bill was revised and reached a stage of life in auuther pfae they oodd go on with it. . The Uou. J. U. HOWB- How long. The Hon. J. H. GORDON said always so Ionic as it reached a stage of life. The CHIEF SECRETARY nid he had to do with the drafting of the Bill, and that was the spirit of the Act. The PCESIDEXT-I was a member, and I had unite a different idea. Tbe.CKIEF SECRETARY said he ought to know the intention, Keinc what he had to do with drafting it for Parliament. It could be kept alive even from one session to another. This BUI had come from another place. : The. PRESIDENT— I will have to give a dfcistoh by-and-by. i The CHIEF SECRETARY nid teeing that other members bad been allowed to tl^ak he should be allowed to finish. Tbe PRESIDENT— I do not wish to stop the Chief Secretary, but the discussion is yt.mc what irregulrr. The CHIEF SECRETARY nid if they bad to consider whether Bills were properly revived they would be taking on a big con trtct. The Hon. E. WARD did not wish to in terfere at tiro stage, but he would take ad vantage of the opportunity of askine the Chief Secretary a question. CbfMdering that they adjourned after 11 o'clock last night for leM thu twelve hours did tl*-- Chief Secretary propose to suspend the fitting at 1 o'clock so that they mid get some lunch* The CHIEF SBCRETARY-Oeruinly. Tbe action was carried. On the Order of tbe Day being again called on, The rBESTDENT-AHbongh I have not had time to prepare any ruling on tbe question, I have had an opportunity for Further consideration since the question was first mentioned this morning. That fur ther consideration confirms me in the first impression I arrived at, viz., that there is no such measure before this Council as referred to in tbe message from the House of Assembly, in order to arrive at the true meaning of an act of true legislation, it is not only permisnve, but indeed obligatory, to consider all the surrounding circunv stance*.; hon. members will see that the spirit of the Constitution is that legislation cnould be pawed by tlie representatives of the people in both Hoimes, and not by tbose who have ceased to be representa tive* of the people in consequence of death or resignatiou, or of having lost the confi dence of their constituents. It is true that the Lapsed Bills Continuance Act to a considerable extent clashes with this fun: daniental principle of our Constitution, it it i* the law we must obey it «- far a* it goes, but we ought not to extend iu nrovi rious beyond iu true intent an shown by its contents. If we look -it that Act we will see that throughout from title to end only two sessions are referred to. The first is tbe aefcsion in which the Bill has been intro duced, and not a sos-ion, and the next is the next session in which the Bill can be proceeded with. Of cnurse it is possible even on the interpretation which is given to this Act tuat a periodical election for le Legislative Council tvuid intervene, and that a number of members who have never seen a Hill could absolutely disagree to its provisions to be bound by its contents. But unless it clearly shows that the Bill provides for such a course of r'tion, I do not think thai tbe provisions ot the Act should be extended to the two sessions, and 1 have therefore come to the conclusion, not only by the spirit of the Act, but by its words, it is provided that the Bill should not continue alive for more than two ses sions. 1 would auk hon. members to con ?idcr the effect if any other construction were put upon the Lapsed Bills Continu ance Act. fhree years constitute a Par liament. If we are to consider a Bill as having been passed three yean ago as bind ing on us now, it may be, owing to a periodical election, or to vacancies occur ring by death or resignation, that even naif of this Council may be bound by a Bui which they have never seen, or never had an opportunity of discuraing. This is not a question of enquiring into the proceedings of the House of Assembly. 1 do not want to enquire into the proceedings of that House. This Council i* asked t-y message to consider a Bill which on our own pro ceed ingH appears is not in existence. I admit that at the first I was somewhat doubtful as to whether the conclusion which 1 have now stated was correct or not, but alter looking at tbe whole of tbe sur rounding circumstances, looking at our Con stitution, and looking at tbe spirit of our political institutions, I do not think that 'arliament ever intended that these Bills should remain in force as Bills for more than two ses sions, and my ruling therefore is that this motion cannot be proceeded with, in asmuch as the House of Assembly are ask ing us to consider provisions of a Bill which, according to our own files, is not in existence. ? The Hon. R. S. GUTHRIE disputed the President's ruling. He handed iu the fol lowing in writing:— 'I hereby disagree with the ruling of the President on the ground that the Bill has been operated on' each session of Parliament, and has never been finally disposed of.' The PRESIDEXT-I would call the hon. member' a attention to the practice of the Legislative Council by Blackmore, page 199: —'If so grave a step is taken as to chal lenge a decision of the President, the pro per course In, after making the objection, to give notice of motion, so that the matter may be debated on a future day. and pos tibly in a comparatively thin House.'. I admit that at this late period of the ses sion insistence on that procedure would practically deprive the Hon. Mr. Guthrie of an opportunity of taking the sense of the Council on this matter, and I do not want to do that I therefore, by leave of the Council, will give the bon. member an op portunity to move in the matter now. ^The Hon. R. S. GUTHR1E-I should pre fer to do it to-morrow. Tbe PRESIDENT— Then the hon. mem ber will give notice. The Hon. R. S. GUTHRIE moved 'Tliat the ruling of the President be taken into consideration to-morrow.' Carried. . . . COMPULSORY VACCIN ATION- ABOUTION BILL. On the motion for the second reading TneCH©n.°D. M. CHARLESTON Mid owing to the reception tne Bill had en the previous day he wm quite sure members weie i.ot prepared to go on with it. He moved that it be read and discharged, and wade an Order of the Day for Wednesday, December 28. Carried. NOISY TRADES BILL. The Hon. G. McGREGOR hoped mem bers w«.i-ld not show undue opposition, to »:.» «kr.rt Rill (untHw it ma introduced f» late. The necessity of introducing a Bill -f thi* description was n»ade very apparent within the last six or eight months. A tew nxnths ago in the district of Latt Frntn* a certain individual who had an ►ttn) li&hed; busmcM tor fourteen years was t victim. He was engaged in the calling »f wood-cutting, an.d consequently em |.lcyed a circular raw. which every one ncognised could not be run without a little noise. The party had taken every precaution to prevent its being a nuisance. For fourteen years there had been no complaint. Then a legal gentleman, who did not have a very extensive practice, came to live in the neigh bourhood. It seemed to him, after looking up different Acts of Pariiiment, that he wa* in a pomtiou to permrute or prosecute this unfortunate individual. He mied the unfortunate man, and he irw tried, and had to shift his business. Immediately after this another person, carrying on tae same business, about a mile or so from that locality, was pulled by another individual, who followed out the example of tbe in stance he had quoted. Seeing that every woodcutter and boilermaker. and any one who had any appliance* which caused the slightest noise, was liable to be prosecuted in a similar manner, the matter was taken up by one or two suburban Councils, and they recommended that a Bill should be introduced into Parliament giving, local bodies authority to licence certain trades compelled to employ machinery which caused a certain amount of noise. It was to carry out the wishes ot' suburban mur tcipal'.Uw* that the Kill had been intro duced. Clause 3 provided that a proclama tion under the Art should only iaeue upon tji? petition from an)- Municipal Corpora tion or Distnct Council. Clan** 4 provided machitKTy for the currying on uf the trade*. Clause 5 dealt with the cxem'xioae; no calling or buanow which was 300 yards or over from any home or dwelling could be proceeded against under my Act of Par liament. Clause 6, the ems of the Bui, provided that when the conditions of die JWI were carried out no prweedin^ of any dtfcription could be taken .against the in dividual* engaged in these trades. He did not think it was the wish of anv hon. member to allow a captious individual to o me into any locality where a buaine&s; had teen established for a number uf years aid after a roidence of a few weeks to up»et the arrangements of that localitv. The Hon. A. R. ADD1SON moved 'Tbat the Council Ao now divide.' This was declared necatived. The Hon. A. R. ADDISON called for a division, which re sdttd as follows:— Aye*. 4. — lions. J. Lewis, -J. McGregor, C. Willcox. and A. R. Addbon (teller). Noes. H.-Hon*. II. Adam*. M. P. F. Baserfow, J. G. Bice, I). M. Charleston. H. R. Fuller, J. H. Gordon, R. S. Guthrie. J. H. Howe, J. MArtin, J. V.OT-oghIin,W. A. Robinson, W. RiuwelL A. Tennant, J. Warren, and A. W. Sand ford (teller). Majority of 11 for the Noex. Tbe Hon. E. WARD directed attention to the fact that the Houce bells were nut in proper working order. He was walking down the adjacent lobby and did not hear them ringing. The Hen. A. W. SANDFORD also com plained that the bells were not working properly. He regretted tbat any feeling had been imported into the question of the second reading of the Bill. The measure ought not to have been brought into tlie Chamber in the bwt days of the seanon. A Bill to take awty the common law rights of the individual should be care fully considered. (Hon. C. Willcox— 'Why not give it the short shrift it deserves?') Whether they intended to vote against the Bill or not, the}* should express their opi nion as to its merits. By a side wind they were attempting to establish any place a manufacturing distnit. Clause 6 was one of the most, imjx-runt clau.-** in the Manufactures Districts Act of 1391. This little measure would give Municipal or Dis trict Councillors the power, without con sulting the ratepayers, to transform that suburb into a manufacturing district. They were told that our city was behind the times in comparison w%ji many of the capi tal cine* of Europe in the direction of arranging for manufacturing districts, and for the more perfect Building Act system.. Mr. baseuow would be able to bear him out that in Berlin, for instance, trades wen located. in different parts of the city to prevent persons from starting noisy or offensive businesses in the vicinity of dwelting-boMB. (Hon. F. Barticnr— It would aot be tolerated in Berifak') Mr. McGrefor mould not have a person comtnf into » district and interfering with a bisriin— tbat had been long wtiblishsd. What abort the man who pot his bau— ? along side a dwelling. He knew of an instance at North Adelaide. There were a number of private houaM near a vacant allotment at the comer of a street near the Blind School. A grinding saw was planted down alongside, and not even an attempt was made to put a shed over it. The noise from that saw was a source of diavomfottto people 290 yards away. (Hon. G. McGre gor— 'Thin Bill would prevent that.') This Bill would allow a District Council to give a licence for a noisy trade, and in stead of the owner being liable at action of law if he proved to be a discomfort and an annoyance to his neighbours, this Bill would be the reverse. He believed if a poll of the East Torrens people had been taken the majority would lave objected to a noisy trade being allowed in any portion of their municipality. Under the Manu acturing District Act three-fourths of the facturing districts Act three-fourths of tbe ratepayers hud to apply before a district could be proclaimed a manufacturing dis trict, while under this Bill a few Council lors sitting could declare a district. He reserved to himself the right to vote against the second reading or to vote for the second reading with the object of am ending clause 6 in Committee. The second reading was declared car ried. The Hon. A. W. SANDFORD called for a division, which resulted as follows:— Ayes, 13.— Hons. H. Adams, A. R. Addi son, M. P. F. Basedow. J. G. Bice. D. M. Charleston, J. H. Gordon. R. S. Guthrie, G. McGregor. J. Y. O'Loghlin. W. Kutwell, A. Tennant, C. Willcox, and W. A. Robin son (teller). Noes, 8.-Hons. H. R. Fuller. J. H. Howe, J. Lewis, J. Martin, S. Tomkinson, E. Ward, J. Warren, and A. W. Sandford (teller). Majority of 5 for the Ayesv In Committee. Clause 1 passed. Clause 2— 'Definition.' The Hon. J. WARREN asked whether the clause if passed would not interfere with trades at present in operation. When a trade had once become established good cause ought to be shown before it was ordered to be removed. The Hon. G. McGREGOR claimed that Mr. Warren on Ids own arguments ought to be a supporter of the Bui. He hoped the Bill would be passed without altera tion. ? The Hon. Sir E. T. SMITH thought tbe local authorities ought to be the determin ing power as to whether any particular trade was a nuisance or not. Clause passed. Clauses 3 and 4 passed. Clause 5— ''Exemption from licences.' The Hon. A. R. ADDISON moved to strike out all the words after 'dwelling- house.' The Hon. G. McGREGOR appealed to members not to agree to the amendment. He earnestly desired to see the Bill pass without amendment, so that it might be come law this session. The Hon. C. WILLCOX knew of a num ber of houses which were within 50 ft. of a mill. It was pleasant for the occu pants of those dwellings to hear the hum of industry around them. Surely such sur roundings were better than deadness and desolation. To strike out the words might involve a great injustice in some cases. Amendment negatived. Clause passed. Clause 6— 'Exemption from liability if by-laws complied with.' The Hon. H. R. FULLER moved to strike out this section. He was unfortu nate enough to have a noisy trade located near his house, and not content with a circular-saw the people in charge of it had just got a steam hammer. The Hon. C. WILLCOX supported the amendment. The Hon. G. McGREGOR pointed out .that the clause only applied to trades which had already been proclaimed and licensed. The Hon. J. WARREN said that if they passed the Bill they would have two dis tinct laws dealing with the same thing. That was decidedly objectionable. It would be better if they had an amendment of the present law. The Hon. J. MARTIS' moved— 'ThatT the Committee do now divide.' Carried. The question was put 'That the clause stand part of the Bill.' Thn was declared negatived. The Hon. G. McGREGOR called for a division, which resulted as follows:— Ayes, 10.— Hons. H. Adams, A. R. Addi son. J. G. Bice. R. S. Guthrie, J. Martin, G. McGregor, J. V. O'Loghlin, W. Russell, C. Willcox, and W. A. Robinson (teller). Noes, 9.— Hons. M. P. F. Basedow. H. R. Fuller, J- H. Howe, A. W. Sandford, J. L. Stirling, A. Tennant; S. Tomkinson, E. Ward/and J. Warren (teller). Majority of 1 for the Ayes. Pair. — For— Hon. D. M. Charleston. Against— Hon. J. Lewis. Title passed. Bill- reported: report adopted. The CHIEF SECRbTAKY moved-That the Standing Orders be suspended to allow the Bill to pass it* remaining stages without delay.' Thin was declared carried. The Hon. A. W. .SANDFORD called for a divi sion, wnich resulted as touowtc— Ayes, 10.— Hons. H. Adams, A. R. Addi son, J. G. Bice, R. S. Guthne, J. Martin, G. McGregor. W. A. Robinson, W. Russell, C. Willcox, and J. V. O'Loghlin (teller). Noes, 9.-Hons. M. P. FVBasedow. H. R. Fuller, J. H. Howe, J. L. Stirling, A. Ten nant, S. Tomkinson, E. Ward, J. Warren, and A. W. Sandford (teller). Majority of 1 for the Ayes. Pair. — For — Hon. D. 31. Charleston. Against— Hon. J. Lewis. Bill read a third time. Tlie Hon. G. McGREGOR moved— 'That the Bill do now paw, aud that thje title be as read.' This was declared earned. The Hon. J. WARREN called for a1 division, which resulted as follows: — . Ayes, 10.— Hons. H. Adams, A. R. Addi son. J. G. Bice. R. S. Guthrie. J. Martin, G. McGregor, J. V. OToghtin, W. Russell, C. Wiilcox, and W. Al Robinson (teller). Noes, 9.-Hons. M. P. F. Basedow. H. R. Fuller, J. H. Howe. A. \V. Sandford, J. L. Stirting, A. Tennant, S. Tomkinson, E. Ward, and J: Warren (teller). Majority of 1 for the Ayes. DANGEROUS FENCES BILL. Second reading. The Hon. W. A. ROBINSON said there was only one clause in the Bill, which was easily understood. It did not prohibit the use of barbed wire, but said that it must not be placed on the outside of fences to endanger the clothing or person of the public. Fencing would be just as effective with the wire inside as with it outside. an- the interest of the public could be studied without personal loss to the owner. The Bill merely extended to District Councils tbe power in this direction which was al ready po&Kweed; by Corporation*. He moved the aecoitd reading. The Hon. W. RUSSELL opposed the Bill. It would interfere with the protection of people's gardens in townships where cows were allowed to sway and the owners did not care a straw about the nuisance which the animals created. At 12.57 p.m. tbe sitting was suspended until 2 p.m. wit resuming, The Hon. J. L. STIRUNG said it was too hot to talk about consistency, but seve ral members had asked why they should not trust die local authorities in another matter, and they might say the same thing in regard to this. Be hoped the member* would be consistent. The Hon. J. H. HOWE said there was a ereat deal in the suggestion of Mr. Rue sell. In country townships it was abso lutely necessary to have.strong fences with barbed wire to keep out the «rny cattle. The Hon. W. A. ROBINSON, in reply, pointed out that the Bill would not prevent tbe. wire from being put on, but it onlv pro [vided that the fence* should not be dan gerous. Sometimes the barbed wire was placed in»ide the posts or through the posts, and the Rill prohibited its being placed outside the posts abutting public plaoes. Municipal Corporations had the Kime power, and they should extend it to District Councils. The second reading was declared nega tived. The Hon. W. A. ROBINSON called for a division, which resulted as follows:— Ayes. 8.— Hons. H. Adams, M. P. F. Basedow. J. H. fi onion, R. S. Guthrie, G. McGregor, -T. V. O'Loghlin. Sir E. T. Smith, and W. A. Robinson (teller). Noes. 11.— lions. A. R. Additon. J. G. Bice. H. R. Fuller, .1. H. Howe, J. Martin. W. Ruwll. A. W. Sandford. J. L. Stirling, Y.. Ward. C. Willcox, and J. Warren Itelleri. Majority of 3 for the Noes. PASTORAL BILL. i A message was received from tbe House i of Assembly notifyinc that it bad agreed [to Amendment No. 21 as amended in the j Pastoral Bill. I A mesMce was received from th* Hour* le* Assembly transmitting the Pastoral Rill a? presented by the Sneaker to the Lieu tenant-Governor for his assent, together with a copy of a message from the Lieu tenant-Governor recommending a certain amendment in the Bill. The House of I Assembly having ajrreed to the amendment desired the concurrence of the Legislative Council thereto. TbeCHTEF .8ECRETARYmoved-'That h be taken into consideration on motion.' Carried. APPROPRIATION BOX. Received from tbe Hms* «f Imrtly. Bead a first time. TheCHIEF 8ECRETARY moved-That the btanding Orders be suspended to en able the thu to pass through its remaining stages without delay.' Ihe Hon. £. WARD objected to the' most illogical position of the Chief Secre tary, 'lae taxation policy of the Govern ment was undisposed oJ, and yet the Mini- '. ster wanted the Appropriation Bui passed. Ihe Taxation iiiU snouiu be passed hrst. lbe C'iU£F iN&KEiAKk; only wanted to more the second reading, and it any member desired to discuss the matter hej could do so, and the debate could then be adjourned until alter dinner it desired. It they wisned to prorogue tbe next day they must proceed with the Bill. Ihe Hoa. J. WAltKhA said they could not be expected to proceed with a. Hill tney had not seen, and he would not do so. Ihe inotiou was declared negatived. The CIllEt SEoKEl AK1' called lor a division, which resulted as follows:— Ayes, 14.— Hons. H. Adanw, A. R. Addi son, M. P. F. IWuow, J. u. Bice, J. U. Gordon, R. i-. Uuthrie, J. H. Howe, J. Martin, G. McGregor, W. A. Kobinaon, Sir L. 1. bmith, J. L. Stirling, C. Willcox, and J. \ . O'Loghlin (teller). Noes, 6.-Hons. H. K. Fuller, J. Lewis, \V Russell, A. W. Sandford, E. Ward, and J. Warren (teller). Majority of 8 for the Ayes. ihe CHIEF SECRETARY was much ob liged to members for allowing him to move tne second reading at that stage. Clause 1 read:— 'Uut of the said duties, and tbe produce of all or any other the general public revenues of the said province, not otherwise by law specially appropriated, there shall or may be further issued and applied, in the manner bereinaiter men tioned, any sums ot money not exceeding in amount respectively the several sums of money hereinafter specified.*' Then the first schedule set forth the expenditure on the offices of the different Ministers and the Legislature. In the second schedule, which was by far the largest one, and the items of which aggregated £1,009,139, the various expenses of government were set orth in detail under separate headings, as they appeared in the Estimates. Tbe third schedule dealt with the amount:— 'For de fraying the excess of expenditure for the Government establishments and Public Ser vices of the Northern Territory beyond the grants for the year ended the thirtieth day of June, one thousand eight hundred and ninety- eight, there shall be paid the sum of seven thousand five hundred and eighty three pounds eighteen shillings and six pence.' The fourth schedule set out that —'For defraying the charge of the North ern Territory for the year ending the thir tieth day of June, one thousand eight hun dred and ninety-nine, there tshall be paid out of the Northern Territory revenues the sum of eighty-two thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight pounds four shillings and sixpence.' The remaining clauses were the formal ones relating to procedure The Hon. £. WARD xecured the adjourn ment of the debate until 7.30 p.m. LICENSED HAWKERS BILL. Second reading. The Hon. J. H. GORDON said the es sence of the Bill would be found in clause 4. which stated:— 'No hawker's licence shall hereafter be issued to any alien except on proof to the satisfaction of the licensing authority that such alien has a sufficient knowledge of the English language for the exercise of the trade of a hawker, and that he has resided in South Australia for at least two years.' The practice hitherto followed in regard to the licensing of hawkers had led to a good deal of trouble, especially in country districts. The coun try was being Hooded with alien hawkers, many of whom did not understand the English language. The practice heretofore had been for every District Council to issue licences on its own judgment to hawkers in its own district. This Bill would intro duce a uniform system of licensing, and provide for an educational standard. He moved the second reading. The Hon. J. H. HOWE objected to clause 4 because it did not go far enough. What did 'alien' mean? (Hon. J. H. Gordon— 'Any one who is not a naturalized British subject.') He feared that the provision would apply to many of our worthy Ger man colonists who engaged in the hawking business. If the word 'Asiatic' were in serted before 'alien' he would support the Bin. Carried. In Committee. Clause 1 passed. Clause 2— 'Repeal.' The Hon. J. WARREN would like to have more time for the consideration of the Bill. What clauses were to be repealed? The Hon. J. H. GORDON said tlie two c'ause? to be repealed were section 290 of the District Councils Act, 1897. and section 314 of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1890. The first gave the power for the issue of licences to hawkers trading in the district, and the second for the i*sue of licences within a municipality. The Act of 1863 gave tbe Treasurer power to issue licences for the whole colony, but these generai licences did not apply to any municipality which had the power of licensing. The two clauses first named would be repealed, and the general law would be as act out in clause 5 of the Bill. Thi* would prevent friction between municipalities. It confined the is*ne of licences absolutely wMiin the limits of District Councils or Corporations, lite Treasurer would still have the txnrer to issue licence!) which would have effect dl over tbe colony, but the charge for local licences would be only one-fourth of i general licence. (Hon. D. M. Charleston —'What would induce a hawker to take up a local licence if he could get a general -ne?') Many people grew or made their »wn produce and hawked it only within their own district. The Hon. J. WARREN thought it was i mistake to meddle with the District Council and Corporation tew* piecemeal. If the matter had been brought forward in i consolidating measure as had been prom ised it would he right enough. It was limply multiplying Bills, and what was the use of parsing a measure for only a single year? For that reason he opposed the clause and the Bill. Clause passed. Clause 3 passed. \- Clause 4— 'Licences to aliens.*' The Hon. J. H. HOWE moved to insert the word 'Asiatic' before 'aliens' in the first Hne. The country wtw being over done by Assyrians and such like, who had actually taken the riving s«*ay from some. T*e Hon. J. H. GORDON said, to use t vulgar word, there was no gut* in the amendment when it was remembered that uvbody could become a naturalized British suhiect ab»r-lutcly free of eo»t. The question was put 'That the word proposed to he inserted be inserted.' This was declared negatived. The Hon. J. H. HOWE called for a division, which re sulted a« follows:— Aves, 6.-Hons. M. P. F. Basedow, H. R. Fuller, A. W. Sandford. Sir E. T. Smith, J. L. Stirlinir, and J. H. Howe (teller). Noes. 14.— Hons. H. Adams. A. R. Addi ron, J. G. Bice, D. M. Charleston, R. S. Guthrie. J. Lewis, G. McGregor, J. V. O'Lotmlin, W. A. Robinson. W. Russell, E. Ward, J. Warren, C. Willcox, and J. H. Gordon (teller). Majority of S for the Noes. Clause passed. Clautt »— 'Power to make bv-laws.' The CHIEF SECRETARY 'moved to substitute the words 'within which' for the words 'by whom' in line 8. It was merely a verbal amendment. The Hoo. J. H. GORDON said the Chief Secretary wanted to exercise an amount of polish about the Rill which he did not always exerrwe over bis own Bills. He wm perfectly satisfied with the clause as it ap peared. The CHIEF SECRETARY withdrew his amcnJment. Clause parsed. (flame 6 pured. Clause 7— 'Foe* top* to District Councils and munieirMtKtin-.' The CHIEF SECRETARY moved to in sert the word* 'day of' after die word 'thirtieth' in the next to last line. lie Hon. J. II. GORDON «ud that this was s*- obviously a derical error that the Chairman might put in the words him self. The CHAIRMAN-If there w m objec tion I will do so. and tbe matter will not go on to the Assembly. ('?lau-e pawed. Schedule passed. Bill reported without amendment: report adopted: Standing Orders suspended; Bill read a third time and pused. INCOME TAX BfLL. Adjourned debate on second readins. (December 20.) The Hon. E. WARD said if he had tpoken on tbe previous day he should have spoken more hopefully of the result than he did now. In his opposition to the reduc tion of the exemptions of income he had always been consistent while he had been in Parliament. The members of the La bour Party had voted with himwheahebad led the opposition to these reductions. Now he was met with the excuse from members not voting with him that it was playing into the hands of the Labour Paitv. He hoped that some of them would rise '« little above prejudice of the inexpediency of that kind. The introduction of any tax Bill at this late period of the xesnon was an aggravation and an outrage upon tbe ethics of good government. But how much greater the aggravation when the Standing Orders were suspended by the Government to fo on with the Bill on the previous night before they knew what the Bill was. The manner of the introduction of the Bill was a violation of the promise of the Ministry itself. They told Parliament last year «Lat the BiU they now wasted to tatend was an emergency meamre, and would be joly for one year. The manner in which the Bill was befort them was wronc. How many hon. members would say that the exemption should be eonturaed below £200 per annum? The Treasurer must have known weeks ago what his necessity would be, and he could have earlier introduced a more equitable scheme-; but now they bad the characteristic trick which had been re peated session after session to drive the in troduction of a Bill at tbe last moment, plead emergency, with hon. members weakly yielding, and sacrificing principle. They were trying to get the Appropriation Kill through before tbe taxation policy of the Government was determined. (Hon. W. Russell— 'What about your party?') He was disappointed, deceived. He bad been abandoned and betrayed by some. It remained to be seen on the division by how many. He knew the names of all. He had his ballot^lip carefully marked as to what the division would nave been yesterday. They would see what the division was that day, and then they would know how many members of the Council bad deceived, aban doned, and betrayed him, yielding to expe diency rather than to averting a principle. When half a dozen members would de liberately decide one day, and go buck on their agreement without even consulting the man the}- had deceived, he might, in view ot this abandonment and betrayal, well ask if lie was wise in jeopardizing hiii health and shortening tbe few years he had got to live by aanduous attention to duty, even if no reliance could be placed from day to day on the assurances of others he hod been associated with. Notwithstand ing the defectiou* of some members who agreed on the previous day to follow him, he would oppose the Bill on the ground of public principle, as he had done in years gone by. He was not frightened by being in tlie minority, altlvough on the previous day it would have been the majority. The Treasurer could make up the money bv an additional ljd. on incomes over £200. Why not refuse to pass the BiU and compel the Government to do that. (Chief Secretary —'And have another session.') Tiiat was another threat. It had been lobbied about all tlie morning that if the Bill were thrown out there would have to be another session after Christmas. That was not necessary, because the Government could pass another Kill through all its stages in ]ga minutes. It was better to meet after Christmas and pass a system of taxation upon an equit able basis than for the sake ot getting away before Christmas, to pass upon an expedi ency basis that which was unjuHtiliable ana inequitable. In the interest* ot' federa tion it would be Qejcesaary to meet alter Christmas. If they met next year it would dispose of the emergency plea, and give the Ministry time to look round. Don't let them verify the withenug scorn of the greatest dramatic poet of all time— 'The sight of means 'to do ill deeds makes ill deeds done.' The Bill taxed tbe most un fortunate people in the community, those whose income was between between £3 and £4 per week, and who had to keep up tbe appearance of respectability. They were not in the position of a mechanic, who could wear a Crimean shirt, and was better off with £2 10s. a week than tlie man with £3 to £4. The Bill would tax 4,191 people who were receiving from £151 to £200 from personal exertion, and they would have to pay £2,050. The tendency of legis lation was to repeal the exemptions. There were 711 taxpayers deriving income from between £150 and £200 from property, and they paid £673. That made nearly £2^00 which those unfortunate men had to pay. Of course it might be said tbat from personal exertion the men had only to pay 12s. 6d., and from property £1 5s., but he had seen enough of real life to know that to struggling men the amount of 12s. 6d. in solid cash represented so much bread, groceries, and butcher's meat, and they could not part with that to the taxpayer. He had hoped to be the meant of enabling the Council to win the gratitude of those suffering thousands and tbe approbation and confidence of the rest of the com munity, but if the Bill were passed tbe op portunity would be lost. It would be used to the detriment of the Council, and it would be argued especially by the Premier that the Council elected on a property basis cared nothing but for the inte rests of property, he wanted the Council to take a higher stand, but he was sorry that they would lay themselves open to the charge of representing property. He was sorry because he had always looked upon die Council as the bulwark of the Consti tution, and yet Mr. Tomkinson said there should be no exemption. Jf a majority would support 'Mr. Tomkinson to whittle away the exemption, let it be understood by the taxpayers that others were in con flict with those who held the view of Mr. Tomkinson. and tlie electors would then decide. He did not think any district would return to the Council men who affir med Uic principle just now affirmed by Mr. Tomkinwjo When the Parliament in 18S4 accepted the land and income tax instead of the wealth tax which tlie Government proposed the exemption was £300. He re gretted he was one of those who had ac cepted the lind and income tax instead of supporting the policy of tlie Government. He questioned if the Bill would have gone through if the exemption had been £200, and certainly not of it had been £150. Yean* afterwards the amount was fixed at £«», andt that was considered to be a per manent settlement of tbe difficulty, but in recent years, under the regime of' the pre sent Ministry, they had those emer ceiicy Bills se*iou after sessiou. The growing tendency to reduce the amount of the exemption would ultimately lead to the sweeping a\cay of the exempt'ious alto tether. The present proposal was one to help the rich man at the expense of the poor man. If tbe Bill were rejected he did not fear an increased land tax as the Go vernmenq had threatened, because the Coun cil would not sanction such a proposal. The obvious alternative to tbe Bill under discus sion was to impose an extra penny or penny half-penny in the pound on incomes over £200. Another reasou offered for the re treat of some members was that the rejec tion of the Bill would i»lay into the hands of the Labour Party. He did not consider that at all. Tbe real question wa* 'Is the proposal right;' The Opposition in the Council was no Opposition at ajL There was too much pretence of opposition by mem bers who were Ministerial sui*porteni in ma*o,uerade. An appropriate rutme for them would be 'wolves in sheep's clothing.' They assumed a virtue which they had not. He would divide the Council on the second reading, and would look with some anxiety at the division-lint to see who supported ex pediency and who asserted principle. The Hon. W. RUSSELL admired the man who was true to his convictions, and he congratulated Mr. Ward upon his speech. Several Conservative members came to him the previous evening with a list, showing who were for this Bill and who were against it, and the list showed that, the Bill had not the ghost of a prospect of being carried. He agreed with Mr. Ward that it was unfair at this stage of the session to introduce a Bill which would alter the incidence of taxation. The Government did not usually attemnt to influence his vote, but that day he had been told to do a certain thing, and he had straightway refused. The Govern ment had been 'whipping.' and the Oppo sition in another place Had been 'whip- ping.' He favoured the syirtmn of progres sive taxation, but under the plea, ot emer gency ho had been prevailed upon to vote on two oocaMons) for a reduc tion in the income tax exemption. He would not, however, be iuiluenrcd by such a conndention agaiu. If the Government found tlie Labour Party to be against them they turned round and got the Opposition, the mock Opposition, to help them. He was opposed to a reduc tion of the exemption. « hen he voUad for it before it was on a question of emergency, which could not become permanent three Tears out of five. A great many people had been unjustly treated by the Taxation Department, and he wished to protect the Kmaller men. The fat men were more likely to escape tlutn were the other claa*. The Treasurer had stated that the men he bad sent out into the country — they were de tective*— had reaped a harvest. They had gathered in £14,000 to £15,000 extra, which otherwise would have been « lost to the re venue. They had not visited every part of th* colony. If it were Mich a paying con cern, and no injustice was done, why not send the men everywhere, and then the £15,000 which ws* to be raind under the Bih would be obtained? Clauar 3. which said that the officer* were not to go back more than six years, was an unfair one, especially to those who were not well enough educated to keep books. In Com mittee be would move that two yean should be the term. He would have liked the Government to have got an increase of taxation on the progressive principle higher up. (Chief Secretary— 'Would that 1-ave rot through this House?') He would not aptak for the Council. (Hon. A. W. Sandford— 'If we were all Russells, and did not have to pay it, it would set through.'') Mr. Fandford must not he im pertinent. He himself had never refused to pay a just debt. He knew an inmate o» a person near Port Gennein who was sum moned by the Deputy-Commissioner of Taxes, and on the day set down for the hearing of the case the latter wished to withdraw. Afterwards be made another attempt to gef the supposed defaulting tax payer to pay a certain amount, but the taxpayer was too smart for him. The Depnty-ConmusBoeer then said to him— '111 h*v« you yet.' H* would give tbe name to any one who doubtsd the truth of the case. Just fancv an officer making such a sutwsnt! BuwaUy he pointed out that hnm iw slewed oaly Savper week for the tap ©i their Bam and tana, lbe Chief Secretary interjected that he would , enquire into the matter, but what had be doM? Hie Bill would not only press hard I sa the small men, but on those who were unable to protect themselves. As the Go vernment were making a special effort to unfairly and unmercifully bleed a portion | of the farming population, he would Im ' failing in his duty if he did not protest ; now. Bat the Chief Secretary had got the Conservative members to help him, and he tad been abandoned, and could go to Hong kong. Why, instead of the taxation detco tivt« ?oing to only those places where tlie crops had been good, did they not go ;dl over the colony? Why did not the depart ment go to some trouble to make some of the wealthy men pay? If men did not ' make fortunes at a greater rate than what the income tax showed, where did all our millionaires come from? (Hon: J. H. Howe —'Who are they?') He did not wish to be personal. .Some of the Conservative members of the C'ounej] had beeti untrue to the leader they put up the night before. Perhaps they had been influenced by the Conservative element in another place, or frightened by MinieterialiRU. However, he w pleased that Mr. Ward, notwithstand ing the trying circumstances, had riwn to the ofcaiion. Mr. Warren was opposed to the Bill on the previous night, and he pre sumed he was now. The Hon. H. ADAMS said thai it had been stated t^^oertain section of the House were; taking a different course to that which they had followed in the past. Ever since he had been in the Council he had been opposed to a reduction of the exemption below £200. and that was his position that day. The Treasurer expected to get £6,000 from the reduction and i'9,000 from the abolition of the exemp tion* on incomes of over £450. A better course should be adopted to raise money than tinkering with the iucome tax. The time had come when the Government should recognise that they were sailing too close to the wiud. and that they should alter the incidence oi taxatiou. There was a better way to raise reveuue, which would not; press hard upon those who could not afford it. The statistics showed that with out the South Australian Company there were twenty-four absentees who held on an average £89.500 each of land values. They paid nothing in Customs and local taxa tion, and should be complied to pay more land tax, and there would be no necessity for the present Bill. Again, if the assessors would assess the valuable large holdings at the same rate as the smaller men there would not be need t*- tax the poorer class. He would not opjMMe the second reading, but would move iu Committee that it be a suggestion that the following words be ad ded, 'provided that no income t*u shall be levied upon any income less than £200 per annum. Tbe Hon. J. H. HOWE pointed out that land values were not a tost of wealth, and Mr. Adams should know it. He remembered Mr. Adams when he first came into the House stating that the time had come when the party he represented would take the reins of power into their hands, but Uie Labour Party was rushing the colony head long to ruin. He was sorry for the position of -Mr. Ward, but his imagination ran away with him, and when he was promised assis tance he went and told every one what he was going to do. If Mr. Ward had kept his own counsel and sprung the position on the Government it was likely the Ministry would have suffered defeat He thought Mr. Ward gave the party away, and he heard him tell half a doren members what he was going to do. What was the money required for? To meet in some cases extra vagant expenses, and after half the year had gone were they going to tell the Treasurer that tihe credit of the country would be imperilled by the action of the Council? Thie colony was too much governed, and was a debt-ridden country, and he would not be a party to plungjng the colony into ruin. The taking the reins out of tfre hands of experienced people by the Labour Party was driving tbe country to a position which all lovers of the country would regret. He did not believe in the Government, but tie credit of tbe colony was more important. He regretted having to place the extra bur den upon the people, but there was no help for it The exemption of £150 would cover the working men. Tlie Council had been a party to the need for the Bill by passing the Loan BUI. It would be a suici dal policy to reieet the Bill, and, much as he regretted it, he would support the Bill. The Hon. C. WILLCOX intended to sup port the Government. Ever)' one should pay according to his means. Mr. Ward's statements were calculated to mislead the people. He would have them believe that the men receiving just £130 would have to pay all the mouey, but the Bill would catch every one. Hie tax touched every one in proportion to his means to pay. He sup ported the Government, because the prin ciple which they were adopting was the right one The Hon. J. WARREN opposed the Bill. The crops generally within the reliable wh*atgrowing area were much better than had been expected, and the Bill therefore oould not be justified on the score of press ing emergency. The Government had done noUiing to place the finances of the colony in a sound position, and therefore he would vote against the Bdl. The Hon. J. L. STIRLING said that nothing would h«ve given him greater satis faction than to vote against tft» Bill, but by so doing he would be sacrificing principle to exiiediency. In voting for the Bdl he would be only following the principle he had al ways laid down in regard to taxation, viz., that it should be spread over as large an area as possible. Mr. Ward had accused certain members with having, on the ground of expediency, departed from their principles. Probably thoxe members would be prepared to exprew themselves on this matter. He sym'ialhizcd with Mr. Ward, because he knew how annoying and disap pointing it was for members to go back on promises, cither implied or expressed. Though he should like to punish Uic Go vernment for their misdeeds, he did not feel that that wa» a sufficiently strong conside ration to warrant him in sacrificing his prin ciple*. He would therefore vote for the second reading of the Bill. The Hon. W. A. ROBIN'SON knew that Mr. Ward had always held the opinion that the small man should not be singled out for excessive taxation, hut that) people should pay according to their mean*. The posi tion he (the speakerj^took up on this Bill was sonnrwhat different to tbat assumed by him last. year. He intended to vote for the second reading, so that in Committee an effort could be made to relieve the small mui. The Hon. G. McGREGOR would like Mr. Russell to understand the position he would plire himself in by voting agaiuAt the second reading. Out of ate additional £15,000 to be rawed under this Bill. £6.000 was to be contributed by persons whose in comes ranged from £150 to C20O * year, and the other £9,000 was to be raised by the abolition of all exemptions over £425. He would vote for the aecond reading with tlie object of supporting Mr. Ward, or any cn« else,. in an attempt to prevent the re duction of the exemption to £150. It was not necessarv to reduce the income tax ex emption while evasions were going on in connection with the land tax. He would suggest that instead of -ontiuoinu the pre sent system of land valuation, tin: Govern ment should allow every one to usxtm their own land, and that the Suite— if the vidue was assented abnormally low— should have power to purchase that land by adding 15 per cent- to mich a-o.-teswncnt. It was absurd on the part of the Govern ment to claim to be the friends ofthc]-oorcr claitm and then whenever a deficiency had to be met to reduce the income tax exemp tions. He would sup'Mrt the second read ing for the ??urnoee of the £9,1)00 being collected from tno»e who were heft able to pay it, and in Committee he would sup port any ono's amendment to prevent the exemption from being reduced below £200. Carried. In Committee. ? Clause 1— 'Continuance. The Hon. II. ADAMS mored-'lhat it be a suggestion to the Assembly lo add to the clause the words 'provided that no income tax shall be paid on incomes of levs than £200.' ' The CHIEF SECRETARY »aid the ef fect of the amendment would be lo lake away the £6,-W necessary to squnre the finances. Thu* the object of the Bill would be defeated. The Bill pressed very linhtly indeed on the small man. and the exemp tions were abolished »lt-^ether in the vase of those who had high incomen. The question wa* put 'that the word, proposed to be added be added.' This was declared negatived. The Hon. H. ADAMS called for a diviwion, which re sulted as follows:— Ayes, 5.-Hon*. R. S. Guthne. O. Mc Gregor, W. A. Robinson, W. Russell, and H. Adams (teller). Noes, 17.— Hon*. A. R. Addison, M. P. F. Basedow, J. G. Bice. D. M. Charleston. H. R. Fuller. .T. H. Gordon, J. H. Howe, J. Lewis. -T. Martin, A. W. Sandford, Sir E. T. Smith, J. L. Stirling, A. Tennant. S. Tomkintton. J. Warren, C. Willcox, and J. V. O'Loghlin (teller). Majority of 12 for the Noes. CUute passed. Clause 2 pawed. Clause 3— 'Limitation of time for reopen in? of returns.' The Hon. J. L. STIRLING said that the power to reopeu anaetamenu for *ix years back was a very unfair one to a large class of the community. In the case of th»*e who could afford to keep a clerk and a set of books it waa easy enough to go back, but the bulk of the taxpayers affected by the BiU did not have that advantage, and to them their memories to a great extent were their account books. If fraud were suspected the department had power to go back M many years as they liked, but that wav dealing with the honest taxpayer. He moved to insert two years in lieu of six. The CHIEF SECRETARY said it was a rnieftion whether six years wa* not too long lo go back, but had not Mr. Stirling iverdom- it by moving to Mibsiitute two; t'ery often it was necessary for the depart ment In go luck two, three, and four years, and there had been some intaanues in which it Iih(I been neosssary to go back six ind seven year*. Cases bad been proved to the xatiffaction of the taxpayers that the liability lor taxation was clearly more than K-hal the returns showed. The object oi the department vrw to administer the taxation justly and in tbe interest* of the L-ountry, nnd it was the duty of Parliament to strengthen their hands in that respect. The proposed amendment would hamper them. Jt would affect the efficiency of the department in checking returns and deal ing with case* where there had been eva ?ions accidental or iutentional. The lion. J. LEWIS supported the amendment. Accounts were a matter of memory to many fanner*, and in some cases they would find it hard to go back even two years. The Hon. G. McGREGOR asked Mr. Stirling to make it three years instead of two, and then he would have a large majo rity. At tirst be had intended to Mipport the six years, but the Bill provided that in case uf fraud the department could go back as long us they liked. The Hon. J. L. STIRLING asked leave to amend his amendment by insertiug . 'three' years instead of 'two. Leave granted. Amendment agreed U. Clause as amended passed. Clause 4 passed. 0 Hill reported; report adopted. ^# Standing: orders suspended. ^** Bill read a third time. The question was put— 'That the Bill do now pam.' This was declared uegatived. The lion. W. RUSSELL called fur a divi sion, which resulted as follows: — Ayes, 16.-Hons. A. R. Addison. M. P. F. Basedow, J. G. Bice, D. M. Charleston, H. R. Fuller, J. H. Gordon, .1. H. Howe, J. Lewis, J. Martin, A. W. Sandford, Sir E. T. Smith, J. L. Stirling, A. Tennant, S. Tomkinson, C. Willcox, and J. V. O'Loghlin (teller). Noes, 6.-Hons. H. Adams, R. S. Oulh rie, G. McGregor, W. A. Robinson, J. War ren, and W. Russell (teller). Majority of 10 for the Ayes. PUBLIC HEALTH BILL. - A message was received from the House of Assembly requesting a conference on the amendments made in the Public Health Bill at 2.30 p.m., and intimating that if a conferecce were granted the House, of Assembly would be represented by thret Managers. Conference agreed to. The Chief Secre tary and the Rons. A. W. Saudford and J. Warren appointed Manager*. The Managers having returned, the CHlEFSrrRCTARYreportcdthatthe con ference had been held, and that the Mana gers for the Council had handed to the Managers for the Houkc of Assembly the Hill and the reasons for disagreeing with the Assembly amendments. A message was received from the House of Assembly requesting a conference on the Bill. Tbe CHIEF SECRETARY moved 'That the conference be agreed to, that the time and place of meeting be the Com mittee-room of the Council at 5.30 p.m., and that the Hon. A. W. Sandford, the ' Hon. .1. Warren, and the Chief Secretary be the Managers for the Council.' Car ried. Tlie House of Assembly notified tbat it hnd agreed to the time and place fixed by the Council for holding the conference. At 5.27 p.m. the sitting of the Council was suspended in order to enable the Man ager* to attend the conference. On returning, the CHIEF SECRETARY re'torted that the Managers had met in conference, at which the Assembly was re presented by tbe Premier. M«*rn. Hutchi son and Solomon, that they had received from them on bcbalf of the Assembly tne Bill and following resolutions: — 'Re- solved that amendment No. 1 l*e further insiktcd on, and that amendments Nos. 18 and 23 be not further insisted on. Uea»-on for insisting on amendment No. 1 'because measles is not a disease so dangerous as to require to be included in thin clause, and because if it nwtuined a dangerous form jt could be brought in by proclama tion.' ' The Council resolved itself into Commit tee to consider the m«wage. The CHIEF SECRETARY said measles was the only point of difference between the two Houses on the Health Bill. He hoped that the Council would not further insist ui-on its amendment. The Hon. S. TOMKINSON considered the reason given by the Assembly at a very sensible one. .... Amendment not further insisted upon. Resolutions reported; report adopted. (Continued on Page 4.) 