Gossip. Unce npon a time I heard a lob of theological lecture', aud they did me a power of good. They showed me what idiots men are and were, and will be. In the olden time there was one crowd atlirmed that God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holv Ghost werooae. But there was another crowd that held that; the Son proceeded from the Father, and that the Father waa greator than tho Sou. I've forgotten the names of the different sects now, but they proceeded to a settlement by killing each other. It never sepm.i to matter much what the row is about with these little mortals of nn hour ; they peel off and set too. You take this theological row for instance. What does it matter what fuini of words you use to cover your ignorance with 1 God is iucjmpreheusibli; and past finding out by our little cheese-mite brains. Because some fellcw holds a different view of the Great First Cause, from what I hold, why should I kill him for it? or why shouKl he kill me? Time will do that for all cf us. ^That's my comfort; it isn't forever that we're hetc; it's ouly for a lifetime and that isn't much. But it's uu awful thing to be afraid of death. \- Shakespeare says — 'The weariest and' 'most' loathed worldly life, tEhftt age, ache, peuury and imprisonment Can lay on nature, is a paradise To what wu fear of dcnih.' The trouble with us is mostly that we feel ourselves to be the centre of the universe, and that all thiugs re volve around us. It's a pleasant little wnv'wo have, and we can'o help it. There's a little affair been going on at Mungindi lately that amuses me. You don't know where Muiigiudi is 1 Oh, dear, that's shocking ! It's on the bonier lino between Queensland and New South Wales. It's a very important town, too, is Mnngindi ! What interests me in the town is that it has just risen to the dignity of a newsp.-per. It is called 'The Mun gindi News,' and it costs Gd. It isn't illustrated, or anything like that, but it's alive, i u'fcversaw the editor, but I bolievo in hioi, and blessed are they that have not seen, aud yet have believed. That paper is edited with brains, and I don't) suppose it will pay any better than the average country paper, but that's a detail ! Country editors often have to live in faith. This paper I've been watching, because it's a good dual in the nature of an experiment, aud I've gob an idea that Mungindi is too, but you never can tell. The people out there arc just like t,he rest of us I saw this paragraph in the 'Presbyterian Messenger ' the other day. and it ser, me to thinking : — ' Three orders of people make up the church : the helpers, the Hinderers, and the Hoverers. Tho last s (retimes side with the first, but generally with the second. To which order do you belong, friend ? ' Three orders make up Mnngindi, and Brisbane, ai d Sydney and London and Jerusalem, and all the rest of the places. Some fellows round Mungiudi wanted to start a show, because when a town has a newspaper, it ought to have a show ! They set; to work aud got along first rate, till somebuly took the hump and mado a bit of trouble. They got ovtr that and the show wuut booming along till suuin more trouble broke out. It wasn't a flood or a tire or an earthquake or anything so small. It was a misfake in the '?minutes' of the meeting of the show committee. The secretary took the- report of the meetiug from the coluniusof thelocal newspaper, and past ed them into the minute book. I'vedone it myself, for I've been the ?' local paper,' as well as the secretary, and never got into si row, but I don't think the Mungindi hon. secretary was tfb '?local paper.' The trouble was that at the original meeting somebody said ' dinner,' and in the minute3 it s.iid ' banquet,' aud that si?* the whole thing afire. Perhaps it was the other way ou, but that is a mere detail, and the committee 'felt that the fate of Australia depended on having that right. Mungiudi is on the border of the two colonies, aud 'bur' ayes sire on it. Nothing of that kind could be allowed to pass, aud the minutes were not confirmed. I haven't heard of a border war yet, bn.6 it is imminent. I wish I could get to that show. I feel as if the men of Mungindi were brothers of mine, and friends, and allies, menuf the strong race — masterful men, who felc thiit where they were was v-lie pivot of the earth. God bless '('in ! Shows uro queer things! I've often yearned for the privilege, of writiug a truo i.ecount of some sh :ws, but it's none of , my business. It always seems to me that for a rank outsider to virit a show and criticise its methods is wrong. If the show committee doesn't know what to do, or cr.n'b eveu do what they know, it's not for !i city-bred quill-driver to come and set them straight. I've been at a show where they had no programme of events, where nobody knew what would come on next, where nobody seemed to care. When you asked a steward he'd say, ' Oh, I'm blowed if I know ; coma and have a drink.' Well, whose busi ness is ib to set them straighb 1 not that of the outside scribe, surely. If tho crowd is pleased, who else should say things ? I've been afc a show that pretended to be a great show, where they had n. lunch for the judges, but; this president took his lunch like a blooming' sausage-machine, and iaovoi1 said as much as ' Here's to you' to the judges who had come hundreds of miles to judge. I've seen a show, where at the luuch a judgo has wanted a drop of something to wash his lunch down, and they gave him — tea ! And then they woudor wLy the show is a failure- ! I've been ab a show where they had no dance, no dinner, no smoku social, no anything, and no opportunity for the iikjii who exhibited to come together, and then they wondered why their show was a failure. And these shows are subsi dised by bhe Government for educa tional purposes, and they don't edu cate. The men on the land come together in hundreds at such times, bub nobody seems to have sense | enough to gather them together to organise, or educate, or develop them, and then the producer growla, 'We have no influence.' No, and never will have till some form of organisa tion takes the place of the present chaotic fashion. Wheu you go along the road, you sometimes come across a great gravelly looking lamp of brown earth. You know it is an ant's n-?st, and 'if you throw a stone at it, the little people come rushing cut from c.varj tiny hole You laugh si 6 the silly lit,' In people for getting excited over nothing, and you wonder at tirele.sw activity, bub, ble*.i you, we're just the same. Instead of u« all being ' Helpers,1' a good many of as are ' Hiuderers,' while the biggest crowd of all belongs to the ' Hoverers.' The poor secretary gets kicked and sneered at, and, in places like Mungundi, thab'n all the pay he gets. There are ' Helpers ' to sym pathise with him ;' but there are ' Hindt;rers ' all the t.imp, and he'.-, got to suSer. But throw a word like ' banquet instead of '? dinner ' at the uwit, and you'll have the liule beggars rushing excitedly all over the shop. Oh, my brethren, it's a queer world we live in, ivvi I often quote Burns' lines — ' Oh, wad some power tho giftie gie us To sec; ouraela as others see us ! It frao monie a blunder free us and fooliah notion — What airs in dre^fl an1 gait would lea'ts ua ami e'en devotion..' 