Thc Liberty of thc Subject. It is not easy to guess the motive of a man who remains indifferent to false reports of his death. It is said that a well-known artist who was de cently put an end to hy the papers presented him self lately to the astonished gaze of a friend at a restaurant. When taxed with this inconsistency (says F. L. Austin in the "Illustrated London News"), he replied that it was not worth- while to contradict the obituary notices. There is attrac tive psychology here. The average self-seeking man, reported dead, and formally lamented in print, might bring an action for damages. ITo say your neighbor is" a caitiff, a robber of widows and orphans, is bad enough, but is it not even more libellous to slay him with a stroke of the pen, to treat him as dust which fills a gap with a paragraph? What is this but to take advantage of- his'supposed demise by selling him as news? An action on this basis might easily give a jury a fresh view of the enormity-of newspaper enter prise. But what is the object of a man who asks no redress for his premature extinction?. Per haps he wants to annoy the undertakers, or. he may suffer from excess of humility.' When he meets people who charge him with trying to pass as a ghost, he may say-"My friends/I have no ambition to be a subject for psychical research. You see I live, but an omniscient Press says I am dead; and who am I that I should.assert my exis tence against the organs of public opinion?" There is a story of a man who went exploring, and was not heard of for some years. At last his wife gave him up as lost, and needing money, published a" fragment of autobiography he had left behind him. He had not intended this to see the light till he was dead, for it was racy of that peculiar kind of soil which memoirs of the de funct sometimes shower upon the living. The publication caused a great commotion. Half the author's contemporaries were tickled to apoplexy, and the other half wished he could come to life again, that he might hear their opinion of him. He had that pleasure, for the wilds he had been exploring yielded him up, and he returned home to find himself infamous. Nobody was glad to see him; oven his wife thought his resurrection ra ther indecent, seeing that the world was too hot to hold him and his book. Clearly one or the other had no right to go on living, and as the au tobiography celebrated his re-appearance by a new edition, the public judgment was obvious. If I remember rightly, he ignored the hint, just as the well- known artist has ignored the proclama tion of his decease. Here we have a very nice question as to the liberty of the subject, and . if tho artist will only be original enough to claim the right of living together with the privileges of death by newspaper edict, privileges which ex tinguished taxes and similar obligations, the is sue might furnish some agreeable pleading in the courts. ? . No matter how >many orders are received, no heer ever leaves tho best German breweries until it nae been standing for at least three momba. 