THE GIRL HE LEFT BEHIND HIM. George Grayling, of South Africa, »nd Lord Bo<lniiu,uf Tivcrdon House, Park- lane, had just mat, for the first time for two years, on Sunday morning, near the Achilles statue. .' Yes, I got back latii last ni^ht," said Gray ling, surveying t'le black leafless trees and the drab tinted fronts of the stately English houses with a look of intense satisfaction in his calm blue eyes. " It is three years since I lest o'.t Foot in London. Nothing scums altered, aud yet I suppose everything is changsd. What's the earliest hour at which a man may veuture to cull on old frisnds on Sunday morn ing ?" " Oh, giro 'em till bnlf-past one I" said t.ord Bodmin. .. People go to church and lie in bed on Sunday mornings, now. What did they do three years auo, I wonder P" Lord Bodmin glanced at his friend, and a good-humoured smile lurked about his lips. He had gone 011 a shooting tour with this tawny-buurded, sunburnt traveller in the land where the man was ki owu as a mighty hunter and tbo best of leaders for wealthy youth ia pursuit of sport and adveuture. After a suc cessful trip up country, they had parted the lirimst of friends-Grayling to prospect for I he now gold of a virgin land, Jack Hayward to return to the old world to look after the ancient estates so soon to be his own. A recol lection of the roughneis of the waggon life tint primitive cookery, and the modest wardrobe -camti into bis mind as he noted I he conven tional correctness of Grayling's present cos tume. " You seem to have followed the fashions pretty carefully," ho said, laughing. "Did you fit out in Cape Town, or had you the vanity to send on to Loudon for what you wanted ?" " Tboy were waiting for me at the hotel last night. I didn't want to turn up quitn like a savage. What aro you laughing at ? Are they all wrong p " and Grnyling looked down at his irreproachable attire in sudden doubt. " My dear lellow, they are perfection. You must give me the address of your tailor. 1 was only laughing because I shouldn't have susprc ted you capable of taking so much trouble. Bui (he veldt isn't Hyde Park, is it ? And whitu women are more fanciful tbau black in thn mutter of clothes, aren't they ? 1 think she will be rather fluttered by your forethought." " Who will be flattered p What do you mean ? " " Why, the lady thut you are going to call upon at half-past one. Tell me all about it, old chap. I hope she is worthy of you." George Grayling bit his light moustache, looked slightly puzzled, if not offended, and then laughed frankly and heartily-* little louder, perhaps, thau is customary at Church J'arade in Londou. .. Bodmin, you're as good ji sort as ever," he said, cheerily. " When 1 saw you just now I was iu two minds about spraking to you. Jack Hayward on liis travels iu Africa and Lord Bodmin at home aro two very different people, 1 thought. Of course, I lenew you'd be civil, but I didn't expect you to te friendly ; and, hang me, if you don't seem as pleased to see me again as I aoi to see you." " I am-every bit, and more," said Bodmin ; " and I want to bear all that's happened since the old days. You remember w; used to get pretty confidential in that old waggon." " You did, you mean. You used to tell me about a dozen different love affair*, each of which, you suiil, had driven you from y/ur native country. Now you have come into your own, I suppose you are rarely driven to despair, eh ?" "Ob. I am a reformed character, and a credit to the paerage. ? I ant going to be married. jMadn up my mind to the fatal plunge this Uutumn. Made my choice, proposed, and was refused. You wouldn't believe it, would you, jjn these hard times ? But I born it philosophi cally. ft was quite right; I didn't deserve her. And I don't. For I offered her another chance-just to make sure that 1 hadn't mis understood-and the second time she gave way, and submitted lo fate." " I congratulate you," said Grayling. " And she is to be congratulated." '. Fur from it," said Bodmin, lightly. "Shu is much too good for me. But tell me about yourself. What or who has drawn you from the conquering and oivilisiug busiuess ?" " Well, the fact is I want to follow your flood example-I want to get married." " Some one you met out there ?" " No ; some one I It ft^ behind me when I went into exile. I always told you that I was iu love-with one instead of a dozen-but you didn't believe me. Well, I was engaged to her before I left. I asked her if she would wait while I went in search of a fortuue ; and she lias waited for n.e. Three years is a long time, isn't it ?" " I'm sure she is a nice girl, or you wouldn't foe so fond ot her," said Bodmin, kindly. " Fond of ber hardly expresses it," said' Grsyling, with a smile. " Yoa know wl ut sort of fortune is made trading ivory, aud all the rest of it, and who realises the profits of gold-mining - the fellows who do tbo digging' or "3f* follows who stay at home aud write prospectuses about it ? Atjthe end of tlio first year I thought I should be coming back in another twelve months, a rich man-that, is, as rich as 1 wanted to be. But, after that first year, every mouth found me farther away from my goal. Even introducing the aristocracy to big game didn't set mo up for life." " You surprise mo by that." " No one can wait for ever. And. as the time went by, you can guess how I used to think about my chances. A pretty girl, a girl certain to bo admired, living in London in a worldly set, with a worldly family not likely to underrate the advantages of a good match or the folly of a bad one ; aud a penniless beggar on the other siie of the globe, asking her to keep free until it suited him to come back and claim her. Of course, her people told her I would never come back at all, and hoped it, 110 doubt." " But thej would have heard of you this Inst year," said Bodmin. " Y»ur name was always in the papers." " Oh, with the Company. She told me she followed all that with interest. I had five let ters from her in those three years. I told her it was no use writing, and when I got the last letter I was a rich man. Think of it-nino hundred a year, left me by an old aunt, waiting for me in England. Stems a trifle paltry lo you, no doubt, but to me it was wealth beyond the drains of avarice ; and in the way of land, I'm a tremendous owner. Willing to part with an imminse estate iu the neighbourhood of the flourishing city of Bulawayo, if you've got the land-hunger 011 you." " Thaukc ! I find a Yorkshire holding quite far enough away to be troublesome. Go on. 1 take it you came home without wasting any more time ?" " Like a stone from a sling. She had been true to mo. She was still waiting for me. She had just refused Borne heavy swell for my sake. No doubt hi r mother and sister were furious with her. I think I should have como back wli' n 1 got that letter, even if I hadn't heard from the lawyers about the money at the same time. She had kept her promise. God bless hi.r. But I am only boring you. You aren't listening."' " Yes, I was. You said you came straight as an arrow from Bulawayo," said Lord Bodmin, hurriedly. " I fancied I »hw some one. Yes, by Jove, here she conies !" . Grayling, following the direction of his frien.l's eyes, started violently. " How did you know ?" he naked, his voico sounding husky from emotion. Bat Bodmin did not heir tbo question. A ^ carriage had paused. An olderly woman and » handsome girl,who bad just entered too park, were waiting on the other aide for the carriage to po by, before crossing the road. The noise of the passing wheels had drowned Grayling's 1 words. i u It's Edith Chalmers-the girl I am engaged lo h»r mother," said Lord Bodmin, quickly. " Don't run away I X should like to ntroduce you to them." " No, 1 won't ruu away," said Qrayling, quietly. " Rut you ncodn't introduce me. I hare often mot Lady Jaun ami ber daughter," Presently, nftar he had been welcomed back to London with the unexuberant politeness of well-bred people. Mr. Grayling aud his old friends strolled back to the Achilles statue. At this point the crowd rendered progress difficult, aud Miss Chalmers was given an op portunity of renewing her acquaintance with the exile in a briof tete-a-tete. Lord Bodmin was a few paces in front of them, gallantly steering Lady Jane through the press of the mob. and Miss Chalmers spoko in rapid low tones : " Why didn't yeu write to say you were returning ?" " I have arrived as loon as"ny letter could." " Have you beard of it-from him I" " Yes ; Bodmin has just told me." " Aro you surprised p" Grayling looked at ber ateariily.and said with cold contempt, " No, I am uot surprised." " You are very cruel. Are you going to be long in town ?' " No, I am only passing through. I am on my way to Africa." " You will come tbis afternoon. Come early, 1 " " I am very sorry. I have so little time ia London that 1 fear " " You must come. Do you hear ?" Grayling looked at hi>r agMn. and the beauti ful dark eyes Daubed in command and softened in appeal. It was the same face, but paler and harder than when it came to him in his dreams uuder the Southern stars night after night during tbo last three yu»r». The dark hair, the firm white brow and chin, and the full lips which trembled evur so slightly, and the stately carriage of the graceful bead wrre the same, yet not the same. The sutise of the wrong sbe had done bim hardened his heart against her beauty, and filled him with vague wonder at his own folly. " Sly earning could do no eoud. I don't ask for any explanation. 1 can quite understand. Good-bye," be said, firmly ; and then, making his adieux to Lady Jane and Bodmin, he left them. " If you hud not come, [ should have gone to your hotel." " Your note gave me no choice. But it is very foolish. Your mother will be angry. Does she know I'm going back to-morrow ?" The winter afternoon was drawing to a close.; the little panelled room which Grayling r< membered 10 will was full of strnnge shadows Haeb time tbat the fire leapt into life in thi basket-grate, some familiar object sprang out from tbo gloom of the walls-a picture, a carved bookcase, the writing-table at which she had penned the letters which had kept bis hopes from fading out tl.ere in the wilderness. " Never mind my mother. She knows that I | meant to see you-alone. And she prefers this to the other way. 1 want you to undi rstand how it happened. You Itnaw that we hadn't too i much inouiy in the old days. Well, things got worse and worse. My mother's income has dwindled away almost to nothing. It is only what my father settled on me and the help mv uncle gives us that have i nabled us to keep on in tbo old house ; and even then we are hideously in debt and always ill motiiy diffi culties. Of cuurse, they all said I must marry some rich man, and sn/e the family. liveiy body was against me-mother, Alice, my uncles \- everybody. They suid it was madness to expect you to return-tint you would either get killed, or would settle down with a scoro of black wives and be a chief, and never como; back. They said if you really cared for me, you would have beeu back loug ago. Theu, when they fouud out that 1 had lefustd Lord Bodmin, they made my life nn absolute torment to me. My uncle said I was killing my rnothor, my mother suid I waB ruining my sister's pro5pects -that she could never get married until I wu» out of the way. They all made me feel bow much tbey wanted to get rid of me. " George, don't bo unkind 1 Say you can make allowances or something - evi n if you don't mean it. Why did you go away ? Why were you so proud ? 1 had enough then for both of us. Why didn't you marry_me ? It | was your horrible pride-the prido that men always hold dearer than tbeir love. " George, do you hear what I say ?" and she came over to the hearthrug, where he stood staring into the heart of the red tlr#, and laid her hand on bis shoulder. " I swear I wan os much in love with you as I was on the day tbat I told Bodmin I would bo his wifo. They had made me believe that it was my duty-tbat it would be best far you us well as for us. But now that you have come back, what shall I do-what shall I do ?" and she leant her head upon her band. "Did you tell Bodmin anything of the past ?" '* No. If he had known he would never have asked me to be his wife. He is very good and very kind, and I have treated him shamefully. But, George, he doesn't love me ns you used to -us you do now. It is no good pretending Nothing can make any diSeience. You lore me as much aa ever-1 know you do." Then suddenly Bhe looked up, and, clasping his band, said almost defiantly : 41 I won't do it, George, now you have re turned 1 I don't care for anything ia the world but you. Family, friends, reputation, are all nothing. T«ike me back to Africa with you, and let us forget i very thing but our love." '. You forget that Bodmin is my friend. Treachery to him would " ' " Oh ! he will get over your treachery." " Yes, but x shouldn't.' Edith, you don't understand. My love was the girl who refohtd the rich man for the sake of ber penniless lover; the girl who jiltod Lurd Bodmin is some ono quite different! Good-bye!" " George, don't go I You won't go to-morrow \- yuu will wait just a little while ?" " I shall leave Cbariog Cross to-morrow morning by the eleven-thiity train for Dover." " Charing Cross ! That's the train mother and I went to Paris in." Aud thi< girt laughed hysterically .' If you want to sit with your back to the engine, you must start ihe other way, because the train chang< s ends at Cannon- street. Oh, George! how can you be so cruel ?" And she caught his band aud burst into tears, " Why don't you say tbat you are glad to be free, that you bad grown tired of me, and only came back to do your duty to the old love tbat was cold aud dead ?" " You know that I could not say tbat with out lying." .' Theu you do love me still ? Then let me come with you-take mo back with you !" " Good-bye !" And he gently released him self from the clasp of her trembling hands. " Don't think that 1 try to be cruel, oi that I don't understand tbe pressure which has made you promise yourself to another man. It was an unequal bargain. Three years is an absurdly long time- a lifetime in Mayfiir, isn't it ^ 'But in Africa-you can giifss how time flies out there. There was no merit in remaining faith ful " " George, I bats you !" And she threw off ' the hand to which she had been clinging canvul ! sively. Then, as he reaohed the tbresLold, she . called after him : "No 1 I love you-more than | ever!" Cannon-street Station in the fog of the win ter morning loemed black and vault-like. Clouds of whits steam under the vast aieh of the glnrs roof glowed for a momont in opal tints where the arc lamps burnt whitely, and then were loBt in the drub-uolourert mint above. People on the platforms sceme.l ghost- like and shadowy. The muflli.d figure of a woman hurrying from eatringii to carriage tilled the passengers in the Continental train with dread lest their comfort was to be interfered with by the addition of another traveller. Just as the train was on tbe point of starting, the lady iu the heavy furs discovered the compartment for which alio was seeking-a smoking carriitge, with a solitary man in thu far corner. The guard shut tbe door upon her, the engine whistled, and the boat-express steamed away into the fog and mist banging over the river. " Edith ! Why hove you done this ?" cried tbe mau in tbe corner, struggling to bis fret amid a shower of rugs and magazines. " Because 1 am going with you. It's no good being Bngry." And she (lung off her fur wraps and settled down by his side, fbeu, with bright eyes and flowing colour and a smile of triumph on ber tremulous lips, she con tinued quickly : " It is no good making a fuss ; you have cot t» take me-for better, for worse. I havo written to Bodmin ; left a letter for my mother, sister-everybody I could think of. Whut'B the time ? Getting on for "twelve ! Why, my disappearance from smart society will be in the evening papers by now. George, say you are pleased I And tell mo it you really meunt to tacn the engine-or forget that the | train weut into Canucm-atreefc ?"? The World." 