The monthly meeting of the Newham 6hire I Council-will be held on Thursday next j Last night agrand entertainment, the net j proceeds of which are to be derated to. the Children'iS Hospital, was given in the :Meby pupils attending St. Maryi r. which boarding and (Jay school has been conducted in Baynton street Kyneton, for 40 years or upwards by Mrs Clinton and MrsO'Rdlly. Tbere was a very large attendanoe. • The chair was occupied by ;llr Sawson, M r. A & who Tdistriboted the school prizes to the enccesdul pupils. Owing to the lateness of . the iipnr (nra4y U o'dodc) at which the programme |?asl)rought io a close, a full report of the' entertainment hits been ield over tSlournext lssne._ • • It having come to the knowledge of 'the police that a number «of:^nnrnlyJx»ys were in the ~ habU ^f /throwing- ^on^s atbouses - «t iiW^^^'^'SaSwM^'*^ IfSSiMe 1 Host evening the express tnun from Uellmarne was 26 minntes late in arriving at We have been advised, by Messrs M'llwraithj M'Eacharn and Co that the sailing of the Kalgooriie has been postponed until Xhmsday next at 10 ajs. Messes S. Booth, J.Pn and H. J: Armstrong, as executors, have given notice of their intention to apply for probate of the will of the late Mr FrT. Ijav«adra-,of Kyneton. D. Kett, of KynStoa, cydist, »nd J. J. Kenny, of Woodend, pedestrian, are entered for the Maryborough sports, and have been fairly w^U treated by the handicappers. In the Assembly oh Friday tiie Railways Standing Committee was, on .the motion of the Premier, authorised to inquire into a nam ber of matters, inbtading the constrnction of R6eoondraaemdraoatfeotl£llloisbBry. j Mr and HJS BPGartney, who have conducted the Kyrietoa railway refreshment rooms for the past ll years, are leaving them on Saturday, 31st inst. They intend living privately in Eyneton for a time. Captain Pntiand (Bon-in-law of Mrs Lecte, of High street, Kypeton) will succeed Captain Xtewadha to the charge of the CasQemaine corps of the Salvation Army. Captain Patland -was eiationei at Castlemaine a few years ago asHentenaDt. The numbers of the successful -candidates in music, at the Melbourne University matriculation examination, held recently, have been published, and include that of Miss Fegan, of the Eyneton Convent of Mercy. At the. Lancefield court to-day John Csssidy, railway porta,-will be charged on remand with breaking into the goods shed, J gbealiQg j^gg cf sugar, and setting fire to the dwelling occupied by the stationmaster (Mr Glemster) and his family. The prosecn- | tiou wfll he condncted by Sergeaat Beck. Yesterday a Chinese named Ah Tin, 71 I years of age (tetter known as "Jimmy"), an old resident of Kyneton. died in the hospital j The was admitted a month ago I suffering from rheumatism, which was fol- lowed by pneumonia, and it was this latter complaint that caused his death. He was an adherent of the local corps of the Salvation Army. The Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna, V.G, Adm, received a letter by the Jast mail from Archbishop Carr, who wrote from Dublin. His Grace intends to remain in Ireland till the new year, and will return to his cathedral city via America. The Archbishop mentioned that Dr Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, had left Ireland for Ins diocese via America, aad may therefore be expected in Ballarat before the close of the year. At the Kyneton court yesterday morning, before Mr Blenoowe, J.P., Constable Cooney, of Luiriston, complained against George Cor, aged 19 years, for using obscene language on the reservoir road, 300. yards from the main .street, on Saturday night at 11.15. The accused, who was under the influence of liquor at the time of the offence, pleaded guilty, and was finedtOs or 11 days' imprisonment, with 2s costs. The fine and costs were paid. t Hitherto the Railway department has charged passengers during the holiday season for the conveyance of any luggage which they were unable to place under the seats in the oomptttmeut where theywere travelling. In 0ther words the department, by reducing the ^ oBaeA maocemeute for people to travel and then quietly penalised them for taking any la»gage with them. This anomaly having bien brought under the notice of the Com vissioner, Mr Mathieson has issued instructions that holiday passengers may be allowtS to take a reasonable amount of lag gage (with the name and destination of the owner legibly written on it) in the guard's van without extra charge. On Sunday afternoon the Kyneton Band, nnder the condactorship of Bandmaster I. Haig, played, in the Botanical Gardens, in an excellent manner the following programme, which was highly appreciated by a large concourse of persons'.—March, Austria"; anthem, "Glory to God"; selection, "Gems of Modern Melody?; march, K Peace with Honor" selection, "The Gospel Trumpet"; euphonium solo, "Ernanni"; march, "Mount Washington" fantasia, "King of Spain. 1 Itis sot generally known that the platypus is protected all the year round—at least, Aloauder H'Phetson, of Tylden, was not aware of the fact, for on Thursday last he was seen walking ^through Hollison street, Kyneton, with a dead platypus, which, when alive, he had captured the Tylden district. Constable Scarce took possession of the platypus, and M'Pherson has been summoned to the Kyneton court this morning for having captured it. ^tt appeals (writes an occasional conres- ^ t l S ^ ducks now so numerous on the Lauriston end jof the Malmsbury reservoir. .The crack the gnn is to be heard every afternoon and evening. These sports ©appear to give no thought to the fact that at the present time the ducklings 'are' too young., to be left motherless, and'it'is the mpthers they deprive of life. JWe think our correspondent is mistaken as to the -"authorities having . no power" to stop tie shooting of duck. Indeed it is every man's right and duty to stop wropg..act> Tjje~_finB for ^ut^ifir.wle 'fc '(^lusGnRmi), wtih Ss for every bird.': The close eeasou for wild/dock extends from August 1 to December 20.] On Friday evening. Mr .John .Hartiii, pf Mair street, Kyneton^ met with a =rather serioas accideoL He was xlriving his cow in and leadinghis"Y®uy.' The cow, which had been bought at MrrAtgyle's Bale, brokeaw«y, Mifmaking for her former jowner'B place, and in 'order to head her'Mr Maitin jamped on the pony1"whu2T'irBa-heiffier bridled nor aaddlea^uid £sUoped .r^tfaeb^t.'.^pmisBr Wedge die^ ^ ^ tiinM ^ ^eagelarat.' ' i ^ On Sunday a young horse valued at £35, i owned by Mr Stewart, hay and corn dealer, j Kyneton, was so badly iiqmsl try from another hoiBe that it diad some hours after- j wards. v _ir The workof the Parliamentary Session was I brought to aclose at 20 minutes to 6 on j Saturday morning, after an all-night sitting ! of both Houses. The Assembly accepted Mr j Pearaciies amendments to the Factories and j Shops Act Amendment Bill, a proposal by Mr ] Sangster to negative the elapse relating to J milk delivery being lort. The Immigration j Baticfion Bffl -was Adved owmg to the | Council'samendinente. The House adjourned J nnUl to-d^y (Tuesda^, -when the prorogation ceremony wfll take place. I Our Ualmsbury correspondent writes:—] The annual sports gathering of the Malms- j bury State sdiool, arranged and financedby the scholars attending the school, will be held to-morrow afternoon. The programme will include swimming,, diving, tilting on raft, riding barrel across the water, and many other aquatic events, and will commence at 1 o'clock, in the river, below the bowling greenhouse. An adjournment will be afterwards made to the recreation reserve, where footracing and other amusements will be pro- j vided, and carried out. j On 24th inst no moneyxnder business will j will be conducted as usual. On 26th inst. all [ business will be entirely suspended at post I and telegraph offices, $nd there will be no deliverv of letters. On 27th inst. and 2nd i January all postoffices wUl dose at 10 a.m., and the first delivery onlv by letter carrier I wfll be effected; all country mails will received and despatched as usual; no ] money order business will be transacted; telegraph offices will be open from 8.30 to 10 and from 6 to 7 p.m. On 3rd January no money order basing -rill be transacted, bat other buaness will be carried on as usual. Plutus (Englid.) GJT. Company, Taradale, has been appointed managing dire-'. of an-1 Other mining ^•npany-.he Pov^ty Beef Venning is not relinquishing his connection with the Plutns mine, which he will from time | to time visit During Mr Venning's residence j io Taradale he has won the respect of all classes by his suavity pf manner, npright conduct, and gentlemanly deportment. His new j office will begin with the new year, and we! wish him him a happy and prosperous one. Our Correspondent, "Georgv Washington,' w r i t ^ ^ ^ 'waT knight; Irtack 1 thunder clouds hovered overhead; all Nature 1 appeared to be wrapped in the deep sweet sleep of forgettulness, broken only by the j heavy tread of a burly and respected resident, I who was wending his way homeward, weighted down by numerous parcels containing Christ- J mas cheer. He is noted for deeds of heroism man of iron will and of great power—a I modern Cromwell or Bismarck—fearing 1 nothing in the Bbape of human flesh and 1 blood, but a craven when thinking of vapory ! spirits of another world—such spirits, and I such only, make him shake and tremble like the leaf of the aspen tree. He had reached a} spot in High street, chanting, as be walked along in his lonelineness, "When other lips and otha hearts,Sc., .thfen you'll remember me." By this time he had reached the right- of-way at the corner of a "spirit shop", and | echo answered "Me"; looting up nnder the 1 glare of the gas lamp at the corner be espied j what he regarded as a visitor from the land I of spirits. He stood transfixed, parcel after 1 parcel dropped, a heavy sigh disturbed thej midnight stillness, then a shout like the burstine of the artillery of heaven shook the 1 wdls of the buildings on either side of the | street, and the words *'Police" and "Ghost" echoed far and near; but ere the police could Teach the spot the burly resident, minus his Christmas cheer, made a record run of over a quarter of a mile. The ghost dropped the sheet, and laughed so heartily and long that his friends took him to a neighboring foundry and put his jaw in a vice. He has qnite recovered, and so has my burly friend, bnt go where the latter will he is, as the old song 1 puts it, asked— Have you seen the gho6t ? It's all round the town— At every corner post- Go where you wUl, It's, have you seen the ghost 1 . Tenders are invited for the purchase of an allotment lotment and five-roomed dwelima dwelling house, honse. I owned by Mr C. Ballam, in Mair street. 