A DIABOLIC GAME. An 'American' Story.; “Gentlemen, there is something more than mere bluster behind my words. I am willing to stake one quarter of a mil lion of American dollars on the sound ness of my j udgment. I repeat that I shall produce my son, a child ten years old, iii comparison with whom the . most \- skilful of you will be the merest tyros. If any of you have the courage to pick up the gauntlet 1 have thrown down to you, I am ready within one hour to place a certified cheque for 250,000 dol lars into the hands of any responsible stakeholder that may be designated. What say you, gentlemen ?’ The scene is the famous Occident Club of San Francisco ; a club whose member ship includes almost all the western mil lionaires, bonanza kings, and railroad magnates. Its palatial home is, situated in one of the most fashionable streets of that city, and within its portals nightly there is wagered, lost, and won fortunes, which to express would require at least five figures. No game of skill or hazard known to the civilised world but finds the devotees willing to olfer up sacrifice on its altar ; no honored foreigner to whom the hospitality of the 'club is ex tended ever leaves disappointed in a desire to engage in his national J game, whatever that might be. On the evening on which the reader is ushered into this temple of opulence, a stranger presents himself at the door, and delivers to the President a sealed letter of introduction from a member, who is now abroad on a tour of the world. The letter describes him as an Indian gentleman of independent fortune, who is about to visit the United States in quest of novelty. “ I met Mr Myrrheli in Bombay,” the letter goes on, “ and I met him none too soon. I don’t recollect much about the affair ; it all happened so quickly that its details failed, 1 suppose, to imprint themselves on the wax of my memory. All I remember is going out one evening, and being set upon, in the shadows of a street lamp, by a gang of thugs. The next moment my throat was encircled by an iron grasp; the blood throbbed -tumultuously in my temples ; and my eyes were blinking painfully at the scintillating glitter of half-a-dozen blades Hashing round my head. I’ve been in a good many hard places in my day, in - the good old times of ’49, but never before was I so near dying with my boots on. I was just about to surrender the ghost; the steel was just within an inch \- of my breast, when a pistol shot rang out so near that my ears were momentarily deafened. There was a shrill shriek from one of my assailants, then the entire mob T dropped me like lead and ran. \- “The man who saved my life was Mr Myrrheli, who, as my good, fate would have it, came along in the nick of time. I cultivated his acquaintance afterwards, as.you may suppose ; he is a royal good fellow', despite the fact that he is a Hin doo, and a sportsman down to his toes. From which series of facts as a premise, I deduce that you must make him wel come, for my sake. ” The letter is characteristic; and, to : the President, every line exhales the 1 effervescent nature of his old friend i Dumphrey. With such an open sesame ; there is little fear that the door of hospi- ] tality will remain closed against the i stranger; on the contrary, all present i crowd round him, anxious to shake the < hand that has saved a brother’s life. ( The foreigner is about thirty-five years 1 of age, rather undersized, dark- visaged, i wiry ; with a sharp, thin face and high i forehead, spanned by eyes of an intense c blackness, looking into which a man feels i as if he stands gazing into a stream of some atramentous liquid whose depth is infinite. His face is clean-shaveu ; and , his thin, bloodless lips shut tightly over teeth whose immaculate pearliness causes \ them to gleam, when he smiles, with an , unpleasant lustre ; and this sinister effect is emphasised by a peculiar upward 1 twitch of the lips, when they expand in ) good humor. About his dress there is nothing remarkable, except that it fits his * lithe form perfectly. = “ Tremendously glad to know you, you know,” for the hundredth time repeats , young Dick Travis, who has recently been elevated to the social importance of * a multi-millionaire by the lamented death ‘ of an uncle. “Delighted, by Jove ! Say, l Dumphrey must have felt creepy shivers running down his spinal column just j about then, eh? -Well, l guess! Have something? Serves him right, auywa}'. Why in thunder does he have to go poking his nose into other people’s coun tries for ? Why couldn’t he stay at home .- .and play poker like a sane man, eh ?” . v ' Mr Myrrheli politely confesses igno ' ranee on this dubious point, observing in faultless English, and with the slight est of accents, that the mental condition [ of a person who prefers to travel rather . than play poker at home is indeed inex plicable. “ Queer duck,” whispers Dick Travis to a friend ; “he looks the picture of one ^jjgrjf these esoteric fellows you read about, don’t you know; one of those occult chaps and Eastern adepts, who juggle their soul3 out of their bodies, and then • \- travel through space, in astral form, to save railway expenses. All the same, I wonder if he plays poker ?’ “Why not ask him?” suggests his friend. ' “Not yet; wait. By Jove, what eyes ! Did you notice them ? They stab right through a fellow, don’t you know.” • The stranger saunters through the spa cious rooms, admiring the sumptuousness of the furnishings, and remarking the air of rigid exclusiveness that seems to per vade the atmosphere of the place. He finally stops at a table where several per sons are engaged in a game of chess. The white host is managed by a keen- eyed, broad-browed, middle-aged man; whilst the sable army is under the command of several who play in consultation. It is obvious that the general of the white forces is more than a match for the com bined strength of his adversaries. Myrr \- heli stands watching the vicissitudes of the mimic battle, smiling faintly now and then as the allies make a particularly weak move. “ Mr Harding is a strong player ?” he whispers to a bystander, with a note of interrogation in his voice. He had an introduction to Harding in the former part of the evening. . “ Strong player ! He is considered one of the greatest chess masters in the world 1” “ Indeed! A member of the profes sional ranks, 1 presume ?” “ Oh, no : lie's worth ten millions if he’s worth a cent; plays for the love of the game, you know. But I’ve heard it said by competent judges that he’s a match for the best European player.” “Thank you.” He now follows the game with increased interest. “Mate in eight moves,” announces Harding, whereat the allies looked incre dulous. Harding smiles, and the game is continued ; but the eighth move sees the checkmate accomplished. Jeffery Harding looks up, and his eyes meet those of Myrrheli. “Ah,” says he genially, “ I sec you have been watching our game Mr Myrr heli. Aro you interested in chess ?” “Very much, indeed, but there my claims rest; I am but an indifferent player.” “ You will pardon me if I decline to accept your word as to that. 1 should be delighted if you would allow me to judge for myself.” ‘‘ Oh, certainly,” smiles the Indian, “ if you can afford to waste your time on such as I.” Myrrheli sits down, the pieces are ar ranged, and Harding gives the advantage of the move to the guest. There is a curious "litter of satisfaction in the In dian’s eye as he pushes .the king’s pawn two squares. The game proceeds, but the American -wins without apparent effort. “Oh, but you must give me my re venge. I do not propose to allow you to demolish my forces so ’ easily the next time,” says Myrrheli good-humoredly. Harding bows assent. The result, not withstanding Myrrlieli’s increased exer tion, is the same. “You see I was right,” observes the guest, lightly shrugging his shoulders and waving his hand to signify that the inevi table must be accepted. But after a mo ment’s hesitation: “I think 1 know somebody whom you would have much more difficulty in overcoming ; whom—er —in fact, l do not think you could—er “ 1 see,” says Harding,” with interest,' “ a compatriot of yours 1” By this time the room is well filled with members, who have been, drawn hither by curiosity to witness the issue of the contest between their champion and the stranger. They belive Harding to be invincible. The Indian’s words to them savor of impertinence “ Well, yes,” Myrrheli says in answer to Harding’s question ; “in fact,a son of mine.” “A son of yours?” raising his eye brows. “ He must still be quite young.” “ He is - hr is notyet ten.” A moment of silence, and then a roar of laughter greets this announcement. That speech of his is not only imperti nent, but stupid as well. Harding flushes. «» “That’s one on you, Harding !” cried Dick Travis, when the cachinnatory storm subsides. “ I beg your pardon,” says Harding to the Indian coldly, without deigning to notice the last remark; “i understand you to say—” A wondering stare ends the question. “ Yes, sir—I said that my son, .who is ten years old, will easily hold his own against you. 1 will go further, gentle- . men,” turning to the spectators; “I will say that there is not a person present in this room whom my son cannot defeat in a match.” * , Several shrugged their shoulders, as if to intimate they will not attempt to ex plain the particular form of mental aber- | ration from which their guest is suffering. 1 Others smile in derision. At this moment • Dick Travis steps briskly forward. He ; winks mischievously at Harding. He evi- j dently intends to enjoy a little fun at the , stranger’s expense. . . i “ Now that’s a thundering big opinion to be responsible for, Mr Myrrheli,” he ; begins, puuctuating every couple of , words with an additional wink to his ' fellow-members. “ You see we West erners out liere have an unswerving faith in the eloquence of the yellow metal, and , all our oratorical jobs wc assign to this Demosthenes. He has a voice musical , enough to charm ears that are deaf to Beethoven, and strong enough to be j heard at the Antipodes. A vulgar fellow - might express the same truth by telliug you that ‘ money talks,’ don’t you know ; j and of course you, as a sport, are—” j It is now that the Indian rises, and, without any apparent excitement, utters \ the words which open this story. There , is an interval of astonished silence. This is more than Dick had bargained for. j There can be no question that the Indian , is sincere ; his manner and tone are a j sufficient guarantee of that. But two £ hundred and fifty thousand dollars ! Who ] ever heard of such a sum wagered on the j issue of a chess contest ? And what a ] chess contest! A boy of ten opposed to j one of the world’s greatest players ! Two £ hundred and fifty thousand dollars ! Who ( is this man who speaks so lightly of risk- . ing a king’s ransom on the skill of a child ? An Eastern nabob to whom money is as sand ? An Indian Monte Cristo ? - At length Myrrheli breaks the silence. ( “So, gentlemen,” says he, with a quiet ] laugh, which nevertheless sends a thrill of ° exasperation through his hearers, “ your Yellow Demosthenes has suddenly , lost its voice, it seems. You are not in- i elined, I perceive, to repose any pecu niary confidence in your champion, Mr j Travis,” turning to the latter worthy, and ^ speaking very softly, “ I do not suppose j you intended to be taken seriously, so , I-’ “ By Heavens!” bursts out Dick, “ you can’t ring in bluff on us for genuine . grit. I’ll call your ante and force you to ; a show-down, you bet. If you’ve got the . nerve to support your words by a roll of ■ bank-notes, then produce your infant phenomenon, and, by thunder, I’ve got 250,000 dollars that say Harding’ll eat him up !” “ Excuse me,” puts in Harding quietly, “but it seems to me that I’m the party most concerned. Mr Myrrheli, if you are in earnest, I accept your “No, sir-ee;” roars Dick Travis, “you can’t freeze me out of this for a good deal. I was the first one to pick up this nut, and whether it belongs to you or not, I want a share. Harding, I’ll go you halves.” j “ Very well, that is a bargain, if Mr Myrrheli is still of the same mind.” “I see no reason to change it,” asserts the Indian. “ Then the wager is made. Have you any conditions to offer as regards the match ?” None ; except th&t; I should prefer a time-limit.” “ Will twenty moves an hour do ?” “ Perfectly.” “ Have you no suggestion to offer as to the number of games to be played ? ’’ “ Suit yourself as to that.” “ Then I propose a rubber of three games : two victories to win the match, draws not counting.” “ That is satisfactory to me. Let me see; it is now twenty minutes to eleven. Do you see any objection, Mr Harding, to settling our friendly little dispute to-night ? I have certified cheques amounting to the necessary sum in my rooms, and if you are willing, they, together with my son, shall be here within the next hour.” “Oh..there are no objections to that from our side. Mr Pelvey, here, will act as stakeholder, if you have nobody else iu mind. We, however, do not happen to have certified cheques about us for the required amount. If you—” “Don’t mention it; any ordinary cheque, or your word of honor for that matter, is equally satisfactory. Good night, gentlemen, I shall soon have the pleasure of rejoining you.” Curiously enough, no one at the mo ment thinks it at all singular that Myrr heli should have certified cheques for so enormous a sum without possessing any fore-knowledge—as, indeed, how could lie—of the use to which they would be l! Philoston, it worked like a charm.” li What! You haven’t succeeded so soon ?” in a tone of delighted incredu lity. “ Completely. It all happened as we had planned. 1 allowed Harding to win a couple of games from me, and then nagged him and a fellow Travis into ac cepting a bet for 250,000 dollars that Harding could not win a match played against my son my son ; good, is it not ? “ You see, the letter of introduction allayed whatever suspicions might have been excited at the largeness of the wager. They believe that Duniphrey really wrote it for me in Bombay. He was the easiest subject I ever practised on—a look straight into his oyes, and ' write ’ I cry, and he writes.” “ But Harding will not prove so tract able a subject. I know him. He is a man of iron will. ’ “ Pshaw! What care 1 for that 1 Not for nothing did I pass the best days of my life among the Inner Circle of Adepts in the mountains of Thibet. I know my business. Besides, I have already told you—hypnotising him will be only a last resource. I am confident that I am his superior as a player; I have defeated better men than he is. The suggestion of the boy as a part of the scheme was a stroke of inspiration. Had I offered to bet 250,000 dollars on myself, the natural answer would have been : ‘ My dear sir we must know something more about your record as a player.’ But who would hesitate to back a man like Harding against a ten-year-old boy ? For how should they suspect that the child will be a mere living automaton as it were, to act the will of my intelligence ?’’ Not long ago John Philoston had been an honored scion of an honored house, 1 the acknowledged leader of his set. But' wine and cards plunged him into a cur rent of dissipation which held its victim in its frigid embrace, till it finally cast him on the reef of social ostracism. No man need be moral; but all men must seem to be. When, therefore, tales of ■ doubtful honesty began to assail the ears of Society about its darling and prince, \ Society was perforce compelled to shed the scales wherewith it had wilfully ; blinded itself to his true character, and ; the edict went forth “cut him dead.” ' He was “ cut dead,” expelled from the : Occident Club, of which he was a mem ber, and then slid gradually down the decline of respectability, till at the time we meet him his fondest boast was that i he was the most expert card-sharper on the Pacific Slope. A lucky season of plunging at the race course had made him temporarily rich ; it was then that he chanced upon Myrr- ' heli,doing a “turn” in a music hall in j one of those mushro )m mining camps j which disfigure the Far West like so J many pock-marks. A partnership between 1 them was soon formed, and a plot soon : ■ concocted whereby Philoston’s money i and Myrrheli’s powers of diablery might be jointly turned to profitable account. < Duniphrey was then contemplating a tour , ■ of the world ; hearing of this, Myrrheli . managed to make his acquaintance, with the result already seen. • , “ Well, well,” continued the Indan, “we are wasting time; where is the child?" - !• “Asleep.” j “ Then rouse him. Time presses, t promised to be back in an hour.” j “ To-night ? Well, so much the better. : Myrrheli, here are the cheques. 1 trust ( you, you sec ; but—I rely on the fact t that you know mo. The child is in the J next room. He will be ready in five j minutes.” j The boy is soon dressed—a poor, shrinking, trembling little creature, with ’ a piteous look of persecution in his oyes, j whom the schemers had bought from an j Indian mother for a few dollars. “Now then, sonny,” cries Myrrheli roughly, “ just look at me!” ^ “Oh, please—please, - father,” comes from the quivering lips in broken English —they had commanded him to call Myrr lieli father—“ don’t look at me like that. \ My—my head aches so after—” , t Myrrheli bends down, and grasping the j little fellow's chin, forcibly elevates his , head till their eyes meet on a level. j A few moments thus, and the child’s j face becomes set, while his eyes assume a glazed, unnatural appearance. s “ There now we are ready. Hypnotism ' j is a wonderful thing, is it not 1 Here’s a child who doesn't know a king from a j pawn, yet who will soon play chess with a ^ skill which few masters, indeed, are capa- £ ble of transcending. Come on, sonny ; the carriage is waiting fer us. Good-bye, j Philoston. If I find Harding too strong for me, then—well, we shall see. Depend upon it, we shall be a quarter of a million ( dollars richer by the time you see me again.” < * * • # • * . c “ So this is the prodigy, eh ?” cries I Dick Travis. “ Well, if this bundle of j dazed humanity can out-general Harding, 1 I’m willing to lose my money.” . i The Indian bows coldly. j £ “ Mr Belvey has my money,” says he, 1 “and yours, too. Now let us proceed . j with the business at hand.” | Harding sits down at a table. There £ is a smile on his face which he vainly ! tries to suppress. He has decided, for ; j his part, not to accept the money which l1 he will win. It is hardly honest to gain ■ 1 where one ventures nothing. [ “Sit down, sonny,” says Myrrheli, ! ’ turning to the boy. “This gentleman j ‘ will play a game of chess with you ; do J you understand ? ” ; “Yes, father,” mechanically. * The board is prepared ; and the move ' being drawn for, is won by Harding. A 1 double stop-clock of the pattern ordinarily employed in matches of this character is 1 placed in ‘ the centre of the table. £ Myrrheli stations himself opposite the boy. No referee has been appointed ; ' : none is deemed necessary. The fifty or ' sixty members in the room group them- ( selves so as to command the best possible- • view of the uneven battle. i i Harding offers the King’s gambit, which J the child unhesitatingly accepts. At < every move the boy glances up at his father, as if to seek in his face some 1 token of approval; no one pays any £ attention to this. As the play continues, £ an expression of surprise diffuses itself 1 over Harding’s countenance. The child l is certainly precociously clever. Of course, 1 it is absurd to speak of equality between 1 them, still—ah! the little beggar is 1 spreading an elaborate net. Decidedly j he has a remarkable future before him ; i at the odds of a rook, the issue would be £ extremely doubtful. What! Another 1 combination ! A knight would adequately s express the difference in their play. He 1 is full of resources. Ah, at last! The < little fellow has made a slip. 1 ‘ ‘ Checkmate in five moves, ” announces 1 Harding, sitting back in his chair. I Dick Travis’ gaze falls on Myrrheli. j Beyond a hardly perceptible pallor, there 1 is nothing to indicate that he is affected by Harding’s announcement. Whatever 1 his emotions, he holds them masterfully in 1 leash. < ■ The fifth move confirms Harding’s i statement; the boy has lost the first game. 1 The second skirmish begins. The boy ] opens with the Buy Lopez attack. Of all I openings, this to the. ordinary player : seems least attacking ; but the child soon i makes it evident that'he understands 1 wherein its potency lies. The spectators look alternately at the board and at one I another. Is it possible that this wee ] little creature successfully maintains the attack, despite Harding’s strongest defen- ] sive moves ? As for the latter, the ex- j pression on his face has become almost ! ludicrous in its profound astonishment. ’ A knight! He can no more give the i odds of a knight to this boy than he can give it to Steinitz. Wait 1 What means the last move? Good.heavens! There i does not appear to be any way of escaping heckmate except by 'sacrificing two pieces. He must think. He glances up at the clock. But ten minutes to make the next seven moves 1 There’s no time to analyse the position. The two pieces must-go. He pushes a figure which has the ellcct of losing a knight and a bishop. “ Ha ! ” whispered Travis to a neighbor, “ I’ll bet he has a gilt-edged combination up his sleeve ; but the kid s a dandy. Travis is mistaken. By several cogent moves, the child compels the exchange of queens, after which his superiority of force enables him to win another piece, and, finally, at the twenty-eighth move, to announce checkmate. "Well, I’ll be hanged!” ejaculated Travis. A prolonged sigh that is almost a whistle quivers through the audience. Harding flushes. He feels inexpressibly humiliated. When the third and deciding game begins, there is visible a tense look of excitement on the faces of the on- lookers to this remarkable exhibition.' The smiles of derision ar,e no more. In their place have come an expression of absorbing curiosity and intense interest. The room is cool and perfectly ventilated, but on the brow of more than one, the beads, of perspiration gleam like the early morning dew on the forest brambles. There is ; an involuntary movement to crowd nearer to the table as Harding makes the opening . move. Myrrheli stands quiet and' con fident. He had made a fatal miscalcula tion in the first game ; but the second , trulv showed the relative strength of the ; players. Perhaps, after all, there will be i no occasion to cail his reserve powers into operation. i Harding’s fourth move resolves the' game into the Evans’ gamit attack. The . American has frequently defeated Tehi- j gorine himself at this opening, and when | ■ the. child accepts the sacrificed pawn, j Harding feels confident of victory. The onslaught he institutes is terrific, but in vain thunders his batteries, The grand diapason of battle swells not louder from his ranks than from the ranks of the enemy. Shot is met by shot, and stratagem by stratagem. Each plays slowly, warily, deliberating over every move, pondering the consequences of every variation.: Myrrheli’s eyes arc glued to the board ; not for a moment do they leave it; 500,000 dollars depend on the issue of his game ! The end of the first hour’s play. So far no advantage is discernible on either side. With every move the excitement of the audience is augmented. Unconsciously t 1 one grasps another by t’ c hand and both j press till the blood leaps to the nails. j Harding is playing :iis strongest. He has discarded the notion that he can offer odds to this marvellous little fellow with the set, expressionless face of a wax j figure, and the brain of a dozen Moi’phys. j It is even doubtful, he confesses, i whether, by playing his best, he can do ; better than draw. If he comes off victor, he will accept his winnings. | But wait! Let him think ! Is there not a break in the ranks of the youthful * general ? The child’s last move was ' weak, and—yes. there is an opportunity for brilliant play. But he must first consider ; a false step may prove irre trievable. Is the combination sound ? No—yes—no; it all depends on the child’s next move. Will he see the danger I in time 1 By heavens ! he doesn’t! I Harding looks up. He has won. Ho earthly skill can save the game. Of that he is confident. i . His eyes rest on the clock. He has time to spare. One after another he sacrifices first a knight, and then a queen ; in exchange he takes one bishop, but he has secured a position wherein he can force checkmate with the residue of his pieces. Harding perceives Myrrheli glancing at the clock and follows the direction of the Indian’s eyes. “ Four minutes to make the next four moves,” Harding mentally notes. “More than enough. The moves are already determined. Altogether they cannot consume two minutes. On that fourth move, too, the checkmate will be an ac complished fact.” ; ( . He so announced aloud. \- Myrrheli’s face has become livid ; but ■he is very cool. He gazes intently into the child’s eyes, and the latter's lips move for the first time during the match. ■ “Play!” ; “ Oho ! You will fight to the last, my little bantam, _eh ‘l Yery good ! ” The next move is made. Myrrheli tries to attract Harding’s attention, but fails. Another move, and the third follows. “ Checkmate on the next move,” says Harding. Again the siugle monosyllable from the child: ■ “Play.” i Harding stretches forth to touch the ' mating piece. Suddenly some solid ' object falls to the mosaic floor, causing a loud noise. Myrrheli, in changing his position to the other side, had dropped his heavy cane. Harding starts and looks . up. He detests noises. Mvrrheli's eyes ; are staring full into his. What peculiar ’ eyes ! He must have been in error when lie had mentally characterised them as 1 black. Now a dull, reddish fire lies 1 smouldering in their depths, j He moves uneasily in his chair, but so fascinating are those burning orbs, that * he neglects for the moment to finish his ! play. j Harding is distinctly conscious of a wish that Myrrheli would remove his eyes from i him. The wish becomes stronger every instant It never occurs to him to change the direction of his eyes. - In the mean time the clock ticks the seconds away. But ninety seconds of the hour arc now left. “ What the deuce is lie waiting for % ” mutters Travis, his voice husky with suppressed excitement. And, in truth, that is the question which agitates the mind of every person who has witnessed to-night’s extraordinary exhibition. What is Harding waiting for 1 . .. The precious moments are melting away into eternity. But one minute left ; and Harding seems unconscious of the flight • of time. Suddenly, however, a gleam of recol lection penetrates the cloud-curtain of his slumbering will. He strives to break the strange, lotus-like charm that Ins en thralled his powers of volition. His hand goes forth an inch—two inches—hovers for a moment over the board like a frightened bird, seeking fearfully some haven of rest, and then, heavens ! those fiery eyeballs have shaped themselves into needle - pointed daggers, and are • stabbing deep, deep into his brain. Pain, a far-off, spiritualised pain, whose seat seems an indefinite distance away, quivers ■through his head for a moment. Then everything becomes confused ; the indi viduality of surrounding objects are merged in a general indefinite mass, and the scene before his eyes gradually recedes from view, the • outlines become fainter and fainter—smaller and smaller. With a spasmodic jerk Harding rests his head on his hand, and with furrowed brow begins to study the positions. What can he be thinking of 1 But thirty little winged messengers of grace remain for him. The 500,000 dollars are already his ; he needs but stretch forth his hand to take them. Is the man bewitched 1 Impatiently the tiny angels, one by one, soar swiftly away to the Infinite Past; but Harding pays no heed. A silence almost palpable has fallen on the large hall. All are lost in wonder. But ten seconds left 1 Travis can endure this no longer. His palms open and close convulsively, .while his brow is suffused with a cold moisture. He draws a long breath, and raising his voice till the room rings with the awakened echoes, he thunders : “For heaven’s sake, Harding, move.1” He knows that he ought not to have dm.B this,, but what cares he ? Harding , ' looks vacantly up, and resumes his con templative attitude. The seconds drop one by one in the hour-glass of time, hfotv are left eight— now five—four— | “Move, move, move!" j Two only are left—one — ! Travis gives one agonised look at the . clock. i “ Good Heavens / lost by the time limit ! ” 