THE^ GESBKAli^S^ STORY. ! . =.v & I Was I ever really frightened P Well, yes, though not ia the field. I have seen souls-hard fighting, as you know, but I think the affairl .Uoda to wu the doeert share I ever hal. I was studying lor fa New York at the time. One day as I sat in my office writing, the post man brought me a neatly-folded envelopo bear ing my address. As I tore it open a faint odoar of perfame filled the room. The contents of the letter, as near as I a*n remember, were u follows Dear Friend,-Call this erenirg at eight o'clock. I wish to. see yoa on some very particular business. Do not fail me. M. A.8. _ To say that I was maoh surprised at the in vitation is a uit& description of my feelings. 1 had known the writer only a few weeks. At .he was what Dickens would rail a. mature young lady, and I was a mere boy, our inter couwe had naturally been very limited. What " particular business she wished to sat me about passed my comprehension. I tboogbt of the matter all the afternoon without coming to any reasonable conclusion. However, I was young and curious, and at the appointed tim< set out for the plaoe indicated in the letter, and with a nervous band polled the door-bell. After waiting fora few moments 1 heard foot steps approaching. The door was noiselessly opened, and Miss Sandys stood before me. making a gesture to indicate silence. Reaching out her hud she led me through the hall to a small room which was enshrouded, as was the ball itself, in the deepest darkness. In a whisper she told me why she wiahed to consult me. \- «. Uy sister," she said, " is about to.run away to-night to get married. Father .is bitterly" opposed to the* match ; he is a very vio'.eut man, and keeps a pistol on histable before him in thr next room vowing to shoot my sister's lovrr it he dares to enter the house.' We think h« sus pects that this is the" night iippointrd furtlir marriage, and is prepar. <f to Execute lib pur; pose.: We have done oil we-cuM-topacitj him, hot in -vainr He is in a,terrible i»|;o." .' But, my drar Miss Sawly*," I »i I in s m' perturbation, " what has. all this to du will) i me." .. We may need your protection ; I told distal 1 felt sure we could rely upon you." " Jfou are very. comp'imentary. It per-ms ti me, however, that in family matters, a stranger should not interfere." ." Ob, wo don't consider jyro a stranger, Mr. Stan ton ! I am sura you will not re'usc t< oblige us. Hub-1 hear papa moving. Keep perfectly still in this room until I call you." , Thus saying she noiselessly disappeared, leaving me to my own reflections, which wert not, as may wdl'be supposed, very pleasing. I oould hear the heavy foolstepa of the head of the family as be paced unceasingly about the next room. I 'could hear the deep mutter ing of bis wrath as be called down maledictioni on the head of l\ii prospective son-in- law. Ai the time passed his words became blended.to gether,' indication that he had been drinkni| heavily, and once oc twice be staggered violent ly against the door, almost breaking into tb< room in which I, sat. " He will certainly burst the door open," 1 said to myself ;'"he will mistake mo for Brown, and before he discovers his error I ahall be slain, and then it will be too" late for me to prore mj ideality. I shall have died the death of a sup posed burglar." Several times I made( up my mind to strj oat of the room and escape ; bat the footstep of the infuriated father sounded dangerovulj near ; I was unacquainted with the bolts anc. and lock by which the front door was fastened and did not think it was possible to remove the:j witboat making noise enough to start' my vigil ant neighbour oo my track. How long I continued wrapped.in my own un comfortable reflections I do not know. 1' seemed to be an age. I could almost ):e>r n>\ heart teat in the sombre stillness of that rinti room, but the cease)ess tramp continued, am the houra rolled on until I was in dispair, an>: the conviction forced itself on my mind that! should never get out of that house alive. A' last\ I heard the rustling of a woman's drew near me,"and the noise in the street of a paw ing carriage, which appeared to sfqp pwf. Tho. a female voice said " We are all ready. Hake no noise, aw follow me." Silently, and as qoick as possible, she led ra tu the hall door,where the younger Miss Sandyi tremblingly stood. The bolts wero drawn, thi key was turned in the lock, and in a scrand w< were in the street, where Mr. Brown's carriage awaited us. For a man weighing two hundred and fiftj pounds Brown displayed a igoaderfal amount o< activity. In less thai) two seconds hn-had jump ed from his seat, kissed his-" prospective wif< fifty times at least, lifted . her bodily fropi thi ? sidewalk and plaoed her on the seat beside him Miss Sandys and. I quickly followed, and pi time was lost iii leaving the dangerous vicinity Presently Mr. Brown, who seemed to be of i facetious turn 'of -mind,.introduced a new pliasi in the elopement-. Addressing himself poin'cil ly to me, whose acquaintanceship he had jus formed, he remarked ..Come, Stanton, Sarah and myself aro going to get married, and it is a good time for yo,i and May to follow suit. What do you think o the idea ?", " Oh, Dick, don't!" giggled Miss Sandys " We never dreamed of such a thing when w< started. We only want to see you and Saral safely through. Isn't that all, Air. Stanton ?' she coquetlishly added. Here was a predicament for a bashful b.iy ol 19 ! How could I affront the young lady bj refusing her hand-? And yet I felt I could 110 many her ; better the revolver from which had just escaped than that | Fortunately for me. Brown did all the talkmj and now ceased urging the matter until tUi carriage stopped at the minister's rcsidenco where we all alighted; Jusi before we ascend [ ed the steps he tamed around and delivered liii parting admonition : " Now as soon as the minister completes tin ceremonies iri^our case, you and May can stcj forward and take oar-places, and in a few mo ments you will bptta be made happy for lifo Don't be afraid ; it will be ail right !" I suppose the man was joking ; he saw m; trepidation, and wished to have a littlo fun at my expense. But'to.me the matter was a yrin reidity. I have never been sentenced to capit a punishment, bnt I know I experienced, whi - ascending those steps, the exact actuations of man who is about to'mount the scaffold, an sees,>for the first time, the rope by. which lie is to be executed. - I remember bow my. limb trembled, and feel convinced 1 looked as whit, as ghosts are said to look,althouRh I have nnvor seen one. Side by side^iss May and. 1 followed B'own and his^rospective bride to the minister's study. The solemn words were pronounced which united them for ever, and ere tliey were cn led I made up my mind to escape bv.fore it was t>o late. The door being left open 1 rctrcnted in haste without the formality of a farewell, ami never stopped running until l reaclie.l my owi door. What Miss Sandys thought of my flight 1 dc not. know) as 1 never-saw Inrarterwaids : neither can I divine hrr-motive in plating.on> who was almost a stranger to her in s.icli a try ing position. .Yes, I plead guilty tolm-:ir mad#-.». cowardly retKit vk 'leJRitone^iu m^ life; an3 yet-would any'of tou liaro buui braver ? " " .* ' '* " " " 