WISE AND OTHERWISE. Latest statistics show that in Victoria tbe female population is going up, the male population is going down. There are now 580,836 females in the colony, and 595,402 males, or just enough males to go round once. Now in New South IVales there are 100,000 more males than females; in Queens land the difference is not quite so great, but in Westralia the proportion of males is two to one. It will thus be seen that for Vic toria the burning question is: What sliall we do with our girls? That is a more perplex ing problem than bi-metallism. JInrriagc has lost its attractiveness for the new woman, and the demand for type writers, governesses and lady's companions is limi ted. Even the tea rooms are over crowded. Clearly then, the outlook for the educated girl is none too cheerful. Besides, a career as governess or instructor of a ballet corps is not without ite perils and drawbacks, while the pecuniary emoluments are not of such a character to ensure a competency in a few years, as will be seen from the following advertisement, which appeared the other day: — "Governess, must be thorough mu sician; salary, £14 per year." Contrast this salary with the pay of a Metropolitan Board of Works plumber, for instance, at Us. per day. Yet there are not enough plumbers to be had even at that wage, while the poor' educated girl is in stock in superfluous abun dance. There seems but one rational answer IU 1'IIU IjUCSI/IGUj lldli illC »C IAJ UU II4L1I UUI girls? and that is. Marry theni to our plumbers. West Australia is the happy possessor of a Governor who knows how to assert rice- regal prerogatives and to keep the nspiring impudence of mayors and municipalities within due bounds. Lord Brassey and Sir John Forrest between them gave Sir Gerard Smith the opportunity which he has so greedily seized of distinguishing him self by a display of courtesy to Perth's mayor and consideration for the feelings of a gubernatorial guest. Sir John wired over to Perth, "Lord Brassey is coming. Give him a fitting welcome." The mayor and corporation promptly arranged the regula tion banquet, address, drive round, &c.;, and asked Sir Gerard Smith to co-operate. His Excellency coolly cut into tho municipal contract with the information that he in tended to take charge of Lord Brassey, solus, but that the council might have the loan of him the day before he left Perth. The council might have proposed "arbitra tion" or in the alternative decided on a "lock out" on the welcoming business; but it lias done neither. It asserts its dignity, resolves to take possession of Lord Brassey on arrival in Perth, town hall address and entertain him, and then let the auto cratic Sir Gerard Smith take full command of the distinguished visitor. How pleasant for Lord Brassey! Neither Adelaide nor Brisbane lias any lively hope of becoming the "federal capi tal," but there is a certain amount of rivalry between them as to which is the dullest and most decorous city. Impartial strangers hold that honors are easy in this respect, but Adelaide has certainly one great and striking advantage over the capi tal of Bananaland. It possesses a most prolific crop of Q.C.'s. It is true that her Majesty was never consulted when these Adelaide Q.C's. desired to take silk; but Sir John Madden's opinion notwith standing, Q.G'.'s they are and Q.C.'s they will remain — even when they get into Park- side. It is felt in Brisbane that Mr. Paris Ncsbit is a Queen's Counsel of wlioin Queensland would be proud, and that while Brisbane possesses a lunatic asylum it is simply absurd that she should be destitute of a single Q.C. to practically demonstrate how to get in and out of it. The perverse appetite of the cow is ap parently responsible for a great deal of unnecessary sanitary trouble. Typhoid, scarlet fever, diphtheria and other cheer ful but avoidable diseases are raging in the country, and most generally the cow gets blamed, and very properly blamed, for being the medium of infeotion. It is idle for the Central Board of Health to blow up municipal councils, and condemn local boards of health for neglect of sanitary precautions. What is wanted is to take the cow in hand, and educate her properly. A properly brought up cow would uot drink gutter water flavored with liquid manure, fill up her udder ducts from green stagnant pools redolent of decay ing rabbits, or stay ber stomach by eating the medically condemned beds of defunct typhoid patients. Tho councils and boards of health can with perfect impunity keep open the supply of sewered water, corrupt pools and defiled garbage — all that need be done is to teach the cow that these are not for vaccine consumption. ivnai was it wnien induced Air. Keid, m one of what lie regards as his playful sallies of wit, to refer to Sir William Zcl as "his reverend friend?" and why for the matter of that did Sir William regard the epithet, as an insult? There are multitudes of men in the world who would grasp, and do grasp eagerly, at the title, and for its sake endure many distressing economies, as for instance copious fasting and the wearing of their pants hindside foremost to get all the wear possible out of them. If it were not so, we should not have in tbe world to-day so many of those whom Dickens styled "right rever ends and wrong reverends of every order." It must have been, indeed, because the pre fix "Rev." is so common that it appeared so unworthy in the eyes of the President of our Legislative Council, but he should not have forgotten, that Othello addressed the Duke and Senators of Old Venice (who were probably as important a body, in their own estimation, as our Senate) us "most potent, grave and reverend seigniors." The quality implied by the word "reverend" should not be distasteful to anv. esneeiallv to legislators, who, alas! too seldom merit it. It is but as a tale twice told that tlie Victorian postal rales and regulations eon- tain many absurdities, but the department certainly scored heavily in the direction of winning the approbation of husbands when it made the provision — as was pointed out the other day to a person with a grievance— that on no aeeount may a registered letter, addressed to a huBband, be delivered into the hands of liis wife. It is not definitely known whether Mr. Duffy is tlie author of that rule, but as he has been much abused of late it may be charitably ascribed to liim, more esneci«Uv na it lont-s like the work of a lawyer. There is worldly wisdom in that provision, so far as husbands are concerned, and a possible curtailment of domestic trou ble and even litigation; but the disturbing- nay, the maddening— element of the affair to tlie lawful wedded wife is that, while she may not receive such a letter it may be de livered to her husband's clerk or even liis office boy. Now husbands may have other registered letters addressed to tliem than those which contain material vamaoiia, aim imagination fails to picture the mental con dition of that wife before whose eyes the postman tauntingly flaunts a letter ad dressed to her husband in a woman's hand writing, which the sender lias taken tlie precaution to register. Here is matter for the W.C.T.U. to gnash its teeth upon. There was once a German grammarian who, when on liis death bed, expressed re gret that he could not live longer in order to clear up some doubtful points with re gard to the dative case, to which he had devoted the" labor of his life. When the time comes — may it be far distant! for Air. Stoddart to join the great, majority, will he experience a similar regret in respect to cricket? He has admitted openly, and not without an air of pride in the confession, that "cricket has been his great object in life," and that "he Beemed to have lived for nothing else." The Duke of Norfolk, in a sardonic speech, said that evidences were plentiful that cricket was the real work of life in England. If there is no playing of big matches in the next world, what will be come of the immortal parts of Enthusiasts like Mr. Stoddart, who have given up their lives in this world to the game? Possibly there is a place set apart for them in the Elysian Fields, where they may wield the phantom willow and bowl the spectral ball in- matches— each innings of which will last a thousand years— against ghosts of mighty cricketers of the past. It is to be hoped that if there is such a place there will be no ghosts of Banuckers there. That would be too awful. After a victory over the Victorian team, which nobody will begrudge them, tlie Eng lish eleven have laken leave of Melbourne for tbe last time, as far as tlieir presqnt trip is concerned. Lot us hope that on their voyage home the free air of the ocean will blow out of their minds any cobwebs of irritation which may still linger in the cor ners thereof in regard to their defeat in the Test Matches. In any sort of game the next /best thing to winning is to lose gal- lantlj'. VALE! Bold Britishers, batsmen and bowlers, / Both tbe slow and the fast, /You've no cause for ropinings or dolors— / You were game to the lastl . And the finest of feathers conceited, j In our cricketers' caps, Will the fact be that once they defeated I Snch magnificent cliapa Then, good-bye to you, Britishers hearty, With good luck and a cheer! And look out for Our Boys and their party That will meet you next year. A great conference of representative social organisations of all shades of opinion was held, in tho Town Hull the other even ing, for the purpose of formulating some satisfactory method of dealing with habi- ii ill orunKenness. J no consensus ui uiumuu seemed to be in favor of establishing, in some sequestered part of the country far from tlie madding public Iioueo and brew ery, a sort of Moral Model Farm, to which victims of the Drink Craze might be sent for radical reformation. The speakers who ad vocated this suggestion appeared to believe that tlie most hardened toper would gradu ally, when placed amidst innocent rustic surroundings, become disgusted at the very mention of alcohol in any form. The cheer ful, but not inebriated, crowing of the cock in the early morning, and the placid so briety of the cows chewing tlie cud of tem perate meditation, should in the opinion of those gentlemen tend to make the ex-boozer look back with ever-increasing horror to tlie days when lie breakfasted on ruin, and liad beer for dinner and tea. It is a pretty idyllic fancy in the way of reform, and the most cynical of sceptics could hardly refuse to wish it success if it is ever put to the test of practical experiment. The weak point about the conference, however, was that no representative habitual drunkards were present to give their views on tlie sub ject of discussion. The speakers were all mere theorists, not one of wliom liad, prob ably, ever been intoxicated in the course of his life. No wonder tliat tlie conference broke up without having come to any defi nite conclusion. There are compensations in life for the man who is not a millionaire. His brain, for instance, is not likely to be so over strained by the vnstness and complexity ot his speculations as to cause him to drown himself— like tho late Barney Barnato. Nor is ho in much danger of being shot through the head for refusing to sign a cheque for £2500 in favor of a casual caller, as hap pened the other day to Air. Woolf Joel, once a partner of Barnato, and afterwards executor and legatee under his will. Several curious ideas suggest themselves in connec tion with this tragedy. The victim was only 24 years old— just about tlie age when the average young Australian is most enthusi astic about sport — and was, amongst other tilings, chairman of the British Westralia Syndicate and a member of the directorates of several of the Boulder group of mines. Young men of his kind are typos of the age — horn commercial conquerors — as Alexan der of Alacedon and Napoleon I. were types of periods when, tbe militant ideal was uppermost. Genius that blooms so early Eeldom lives long. Is there a sinister fa tality — a doom like that which hung over the seizers of the Niebelungen Hoard — at taching to all who make great fortunes in the. Transvaal? Barnato is dead, Joel is dead, the prestige of Rhodes is decayed, and all the leading exploiters of Boerland are more or less under a cloud. Is stolid seem ing Paul Krager a wicked magician? If not, what is the meaning of it all? 