TOISIJlTilW. CHAPTER XVI. A littlo, old frame houso, on tho Heights above Hobokon had stood tonantless for a long time. It had the name of boing haunted in tho neighbourhood, and no ono who know this would livo iu it, ovon if thoy could have done so rent free. It was, in inct, a kind of tumble-down . 7-,uffair, built on tho voiy edgo of tho rooky L ' ,.' procipico „ that overhung tho flat far below, / and the rocks behind it wore thickly studded with, trees and bushes, whilo in front and around it rank woods had grown up, not cvon trodden down by human foot, for ovon tho wildest children in tho section in thoir wanderings and plays kept clear of that locality. Yet, ono morning, on tho vory day after Maud and Grace had boon roscucd from the last trap sot by tho vilo Madam Dupont and hor confederates, tho pooplo who lived in the vicinity of tho Haunted House, as it was known and called, saw srnoko rising from its crnmbling brick chimney. ! ' .' There is fir o where smoko is, mado,' said ono, wisoly ; 'and some fool must havo got into tho old don,' said a woman to hor husband, who was about leaving homo for his' place of business in tho city across tho Hudson. 'Most likely some vagabond tramps. Look out, and koep your own doors closed, dear,' , said the husband. ' I'll loavo ray revolver with you, for tramps are bocoming terribly bold of late.' . ? (Qommonts like thoso woro mado all around -f tho neighbourhood, and many an anxious oyo was cast that way during tho day. But tho now neighbours, whoovor thoy wore, kopt vory oloso, and only onoo was a woman soon to como out and go down to a cold spring that ran out of a orovioo in tho rooks near tho road. Sho soomod to bo middlo-agod, and rather well droBsod, but sho had a Bunshado liafc tiod down oIobo ovor hor face, and no ono could got a fair look at that, though sovoral womon wantod oold drinking-water vory sud- , donly, which most of tlio neighbourhood got nt that spring. ? . ?,Quriosity was, oxoited, but; not allayed. When/night caino, lights 'wore; 'soon at the; Hauntbd' Houso,' but tho windows woro thickly curtained, and tho inmatos invisible Old Nicholas Duydonhausor, tho Dutch' constable on tho Hoights, was torribly supor stjjtiops, ,'ibut ho' oropt 'noar onoUgh to tho building to hoar tho sound of a mnn's voioo, as woll as that of a woman, and to got tho ..... scent o£ tobacco smoko which an oagtorn 'T breeze boro to his nostrils. ??.: 'Ghosts don't smoko,' I. dinks,' ho said, ?.?; vlaon ho returned, 'and whoovor is doro in d.o .'olt^houso doos smoko, for I smoll it mil my noso.' And Nicholas Jvhad a vory^largo noso, capable of smelling a good deal. In truth, ho ?was largo in ovory way — a froo uso of lagor helping to swoll his proportions, undoubtedly. , !iOn tho Booond day, two mon, bothtold; and poorly dressod, woro Boon to loavo tho houso, eaoh carrying a small travolliug bag, much worn with uso, and tako ' tho way down tho road to tho oily;of Hobokeu bolow. ? Though both woro groy-hoadod, and ono soomod hardly ablo to seo, for ho woro thick goggles, and Iho othor also had groon glasses on Buoh as pooplo almost blind havo to uso, they . Hoomod to walk oJI with a good, froo B|?iilp(,' each, oarry ing a largo staff, but not using it much to holp thoir way. On tho road down thoy mob a man with his family in a rookaway, coming slowly up tho Mil, and, when ho rostod his horso at a small stream of running wator, thoy woro just opposito to him. , ' Wnnt somo fino noodles', or good pins, or Boissors, for your lady, sir P Wo'ro dreadful poor, and will soil W ohoap,' whinod tho '?.;?;-,' ono with gogglo.glaBsos ovor his oyos. V ;7, ' I want no noodlos, my nion, but thoro is / Bomothing to got yon a dinnor with,' and tho ??'?? gontlomau throw a Bilvor dollar at tho men's foot, an ho drovo on up tho hill. ' Generous I Tho disguiso is good, Stnn ? cliff,' said tho ono who stood baok. 'That ohap thought wo woro poor, nocdy enssos, and wo touoliaa hia heart,' ' And his pocket, too ! I wonder if he ever drives this road in tho dark. If ho does, Ersling, w§ might make a big haul in another role. Ho had a diamond solitaire worth a cool thousand or more in his shirt-front, and I'll warrant his pockotbopk was well filled, or ho wouldn't have been so free with his small change.' 'I'don't want to play highwayman till we're driven to it,' said Ersling, ,' We've a good fake on hand now, and I want my revenge on thoso jades who have driven us out of the city and twice escaped our clutches, before I do anything else.' ' ? . ? ' Do you believe this disguise will protect us from tho keen-eyed cops over there ?' ! Stancliff, tho gogglo-oyed mendicant, or pojddlor, pointed to Now York, when ho asked tho question. 'Yes, I think so; but wo will have time to tost it boforewo get over there. And if it holds good, we'll interview Mother Flint before wo . try to see the girls, and if she doesn't take alarm, and wo can gull that sharpr eyed deaf muto,:and soil or give' her some neodlesj Wo can' soothe girls and lay our plans —for* mark! you, Stancliff, if it costs mo ton thousand dollars, I'll bring those proud hus sies into the dust at our feet. . Yes, I'll make th'emkisB tho very hand that smites them.' And the older gambler emphasized his threat with on oath too fearful to bo recbrdpd in these pages. . ' , 'I'm with you, pard ; you can't go to,o far or too fast for me,' said Stancliff, as ho moved on by the side of his companion. As they got down tho hill and began to ontor tho inhabited part of the town below, they assumed a moi'o tottering gait and leaned upon thoir long canes, as if weakness required their aid. . | At two or throe housos, where 'the doors wero open and they saw only women around, they Btopped and offored needles, and pins, and buttons, but thoy didn't soom to care much if they sold any or not. ' . , In truth tho villains wore only testing, their new disguises and rohoarsing thoir parts, so' as to bo porfoot when they woro ready to mako their littlo oomedy moro tragical. And they did not want to waste any time if thoy could avoid it. . ,' Within an hour thoy had crossed the ferry and wore in Now York. Then, they tottered on very slowly, loaning on thoir .staves as if worn and travel- weary, purposely loitering along and l'dther Booking than avoiding tho gazo of tho police patrol^ for they know the younger members of the force woro out oarly in tho day and also, that, thoy woro not so koonly active in noticing podostrians as tho night watoh would bo., Thieves and burglars generally sook. tho coyer of darkness, and , pickpockets . would scorn wost- sido streots iu which to ply thoir vocation, vinloss thoro was a largo procossion, a big firo, or an accident' to draw a crowd. Thon tho light- fingered gentry aro at homo any whore, and generally find as rich a har vost on tho west side as they' would on Broadway. . , ' .., ':'.' ?';'. OHAPTER XVII. . In tho attornoon, after having had nearly throo hoi.irs' refroshing Bleep, Olaronoo lookod so much better, that tho physician pronouncod all danger past, and said good nursing,, with no modicino furthor than gentlo tonics, would soon sot his pationt on his foot again. The girls hnd a short intoryiow with Olar onco, but did not tall him of any oE thoir ,lato | troublo, and thonthoy took their leave- of him, promising to oomo and see him on tho next day. Ho, soomod' ploniod and oontentod' with this promise, and thoy wont to tho ' housokoopor's room to get' their jackets and hats, ?'.'.''?;? But, in tho moantimo, Mr. Eugotio Van Dor Voor, had rotnrnod, and heard from the lircs of tho doctor what a wondorfully good offoot tho visit of tho young womon had upon his pationt, and Ms oonfidonoo now in his ontiro and rapid recovorv. ' I uovor saw such a wondorful ohango,' said tho doctor. .' A mind at unrest ia tho hardest thing wo havo to battlo with in our, profoBsion. But Olaronoo is all right now, but I would not liko to ? havo thoso visits jstoppod suddonly. If thoy come oneo a day, ,until ho gets around, it will roliovo his mind, and ho will got along nobly.' ''They shall oomo,' said' tho rich man — ' Thoy shall como I' , And mooting thom, as thoy woro going away, ho said : ' Oomo into my library a momont, young ladios. I want to thank you for saving my doar boy, for, aidod by Hoayon's goodness, I do fool that you saved him.' ' Wo roquiro no ' thanks, good Mr. Van Dor Voor, for doing our duty. Mr. Olaronoo ?was good to us in our hour of rlistr'oss, and this is' but slight roturn for what ho has dono.' ,' 'Yos, Voltay told mo somothing of it, And ho givos you tho most oxaltod oharaotor, too, 1 am glad to hnvo it in my poivor to bofriotid you. Oorao into tho library, both of you ; I want to talk with you a littlo,' , Tho girls oould not rofuao ho kind an invita tion, givon so goodly and rospoottully, So thoy wont into tho room full of largo, woll fillod book-oasos, and with many raro paint ings on tho walls } somo of thom tho work of tho oldor, and olhors tho work of tho younger Van Dor Voor. Thoso woro fiiio, biit tho old masters woro also roprosontpd, and Maud's oyos brightonpd with 'truo approoiaiion as hor glanco rostod, upon thom. ? , ?? ',, . \- ' You aro fond of painting;' said Mr. Van Dor Voor ; ' your looks toll mo so, and that look Booms so steftDgoly familiar,' ' I lovo paintings, poetry, flowers, nil things of beauty,' said Maud, impulsively. Then, as if recollecting herself, she Baid: 'But wo wha toil for our daily bread see but littlo of such things.1' 'You use choice language, as does your companion also. You, Burely have had a chance to become educated. Your manners, I say it without flattery, nro, thoso of ladies,' 'We havo been both fortunate and unfor tunate, sir. Both of us had lady , mothers, refined and well educated j in that wo were very fortunate. But thoy both aro dead, and in that is our saddest misfortune.' 'You do not Bpeak of fathers.' ' I never saw mine, sir ; ho perished at sea, with my only brother, so my . mother said, while I was yet a littlo baby. Poor Grace lost her father only a year before Her mother died. Ho was a merchant, was ruinod by a wicked partner, took it to heart, fell sick, and never rose from his bed., Mrs. Bennett fol lowod him, broken-hearted, in. a year, and poor Grace came to live with my mother and myself. Wo wore together when my mother died, havo been ovor sinoo, and moan, to, koop together till we both dio. To our mothers we owe all our education, for neither of us havo been, to, school. Wo have used our needles for support these last^ throe years, It has been hard work to keep' up somotimes, but Heaven has been good to iis,' and we live.' 'God will bless those who look up to Him for aid, my good girls. But we\ on earth, who are able, have something, to, d6 in that aid, and you must not think I would wound for an instant your delicacy, when for you and good littlo Grace I make this present.'^ Ho reached 'out a largo roll of bills, un-, counted, for Maud.tp tako. She drew .back blushing. . ' Gopd Mr. Van Dor Veer, I acknowledge that we ai'O poor, and, I hope it is, not wiokcd to bo proud, but wo aro too proud to tako any money which wo havo not earned.' '? , ? ' Miss Maud, you and Grace have earned this money. Lot me explain. Two days ago, on my roturn, I had called into consultation with my family physician, ono of Now York's most famous doctors. Ho know I was rich. He announced his opinion on my son's case. Ho said there was no hope for him. Ho must dio ! I would rather dio mysolf than to lose that boy. My regular physician, who had watohedhiin iu his delirium, and hoard him wildly call two namos, Baw ono hope, and but one. If tho persons who represented1 thbsb namoB' oould bo found, perhaps they might work a change. If not — poor Olaronco was gone !' '?. '?,'.'.''?. Tho old man wept at tho thought, Graoo sobbed, aud:Maud felt' tho moisture dampen ing hor own cheeks. '?' ' ' . ' :; :i ' I paid the' groat doctor his feo — two hundred dollars for tho consultation and' twa professional visits. ! I paid it without a mur ; mur, though Iiib words almost broke my hoart,' continued tho old gentleman. 'Thon Voltay camo, heard what my physician said, and told mo he could find you.; Ho did, and Heaven bloss him for it. You came, tho ohango has been a wondor ; the precious life of my boy is safe; and can you hurt me by refusing so slight a rocomponso for so groat a good ?' ??; ' 'We do . not wish to hurt your feelings,, sir.' , ?'.??.'' .- ? ? ... \\. ?? ' Thon tako this raonoy. Goi) hotter olothos ; chango your quarters ; bring that muto friend' with you — Voltay. told mo. all about hor, alBO. I do not ask you to come to! my hoasoj for Olarenoe and I aro : unmarried ; you' aro - young and very fair, and tho world is cousoriouB and1 unjust, But you ' can rent good rooms in a Bafo and healthy quartor o£ tho oity; and ii! you will labour, Olarenoo and I will find occupation for you which '.will richly romunerato you, and give you time for roading and study, You lovo paintings—per haps havo yoursolE a tasto for art, and may booomo an artist. Lot mo bo truly a friond to* you both, poor girls, and you will make mo vory happy.' 'Wo will, sir,'' sobbod Graoo. 'Who oould roEupo such goodnoss ?' And Maud was so softonod by his kind and earnest mannor, his ovidont sonso of tho groat bonofit ho had rocoivod from thoir visit, that sho uccoptod tho mouoy, which ho ,again prossod upon hor, saying : ' I tako it, sir, in tho spirit which prompts you to press it upon us, and 'I will apply it just as you havo advised.' ' ' Thank you, my good, good girls. I fool so much relieved now. Oomo' to mo tomor row, and after you havo ohaorod up Olaronoo, you and Graco como in horo ' and toll mo all your plans. I am an old man,' with wido'ox porioncot and I can holp yon. ' Money is so 'plontiful with mo that I cannot spend half my inoomo ; and whon I ' boo you in nioo 'quarters, ( fooling ' oontontod, nnd nappy, .ru wm ,maKo mo iool yonngor by years'. ? Ah I that look, Miss. Maud, — I havo caught it now. In tho colour of your oyoB, ,tho gonoral contour of your f paturos, your vory amilo, you look 'vory much liko Olaronoo did whon ho was woll. It is a moBt singular rosomblanoo.' Maud thought bo, too ; but sho, with Graco, now took hor loavo, for it was growing Into, ,But they did not havo to walk homo. Voltay was thoro with' his oarriago, and ho insistod so kindly on thoir 'riding 'that thoy oould not rofuso. -- ?, And to thorn it wob 'luxury to spood ovor tho rough pavomonts in a soft-ouBhionod oarriago, bohind two thoroughbrod horses, so fast that thoy ouuld soarooly count tho Iiouhob thoy wont by. Maud was unusually' thoughtful and silont now, but tho flood-gatos of oouvorsation woro for.a wondor oponod to Graoo, aikl she tnlkod aoout poor Ularonoo and, hiB ,good, grand, kind old fathor ovory minuto, till tho couch stopped, boforo tho door of tho'houso loaHodby vinogar-facod, sour- heartod old Mothor Flint, (To la continued.) 