til; . ISttrick And Bucoleuch,J3olkirk.j Thy Kingdom. jpme—Matthe w ri. 10. - There wouldbe a very famuiar.nng-Tdkiut this prayerto tlib3e~wlr(rtirst fieard it. Long bdfore theyxompaaied -witii-Jpsusof Nazareth - -toe disciples had had these words upon Yheir. . pips. _ -Since toay_woto ^Q^^hHyiiajLprftyo3 '-for.the..cmniii'g of 7 the sitingioui, as their .L fatherahad dope before-them—prayod for the j i swift coming„pf . tbo day that"should see the-' children of Abraham, Isaac, and Jaoob plant ' ihoirfeut.-as-of old, upon the mountain tops of national glory. JNoman irf whose voins rani the strong tide of Jcwishblood could -ever forget thB Piighty pa3t~-of his people—the -triumphs of David, tno ap]endoursof 3olomon,= So .it was that the acme of national aud in dividual -aspiration was itfcejfe?S5tal5lMn&Bnt; of the ancient- kingdom, .the restoration of Israel to the place amongthe nations it had lost. Peter andrifames-and John, and the other disciples,-we know, "were patriots to the core. They shared the patriotic hope. We do them no dishonour if we attribute their first follow ing-ot Christ fotho belief- that-in Him -they had found the champion of their cause. Aud Christ-was a patriot, too. He loved His people, Heioved His country. He was proud of His country's history. Perhaps it was a harder thing than we imagine for Him to dis appoint the universal hope. "Had He not, at the-very outset of His career, a sore struggle to beat away this very temptation — the temptation to~raise the_standard~of revolt againBt thoosurping Roinan, and prove Him- - Self Jhe lit successor of the Maccabees?—But a grander vision was His, _a sublimer hope, from the moment when Ho issued from the wilderness down to the moment when He 1 criedmpon-thtrcross, " It-is finished," with a single-muidednessto which there in no parallel. He lived laborious days ami prayerful nights" to lead His oountrymen into a Kingdom of which the ritingdom of their fathers had been, even inits proudest days, only a symbol and a promise. In quiet talk with the few, in public diacourseto the many, He sought to make known the character of that Kingdom, _tho conditions of its coming, the blossedness of its subjects. But nobody "understood; nobody wanted to understapd. Still the prayer went up to Cod for what God's Son nadtold them was not to be. Even Hisown disciples. His bosom friends,-the comrades and partners of His innermost thoughts—even they did not understand. They heard His words; they pondered—Ilia parables about the Kingdom; they received His explanations. But the tradition—.of centuries, was too strong^'Tor" 'them, and into everything He "said Tiiey persistently read the old meaning. Not until he was taken from them, hot until f He had sent the"~Spirit of Truth to lpad" them into all truth, did they begin to realize that the promised Kingdom was spiritual^ not material ;thutrit consisted notinmeat and drill k.but in righteousness, poaceTTmd joy in the Holy Ghost; that it was to coine, hot with observation, not with-strength-or-stratagem,-| mot with sounding of trumpet and flashing of sword, but gehtly7-fdowlyr4«!paroBptibly, like Jh6 growth of a seed in t.hogrouud ; that it was destined to spread, not Jnerely from Dan to Beershoba and from the" Desert to the Great Sea, bub from will to will, and conscience to conscience, and heart to heart ail the world over. They learned, in -short]" that "the king dom to pass away was not Oiesar's but Satan's, and the Kingdom to come not David's but God's—-What—a—new moaning this prayer had for them "thenl^WVhat a transfiguration of the old hereditary hope! What a noble ideal to lift up before the eyes of men ! What a glorious consummation for which to labour, to suffer, and to pray ! HAS TUB KINOnOM crrviE? "Thy Kingdom come." Ail these past eighteen centuries, from myriads of lips, this prayer has ascended' to tfie. throne of God. From thousands and tens of thousands of Churches it is ascending this very day. Has the Kingdom of G >d, then, after so great an inteTwab-ariri-so-much- petition,-not- yet come?J Look around. I)» you discover the signs of j its prosence in the fostering and increasing of -armies and-ar-maments,-trained,-pledged, paid j to destroy one another for glory or for gain? j Do you discover them in the hypocrisies and vituperations of political life? InThe trickeries I of commercial life? In the corruptions and i cruelties of"social life? In the solfishnoss of j individual life? Do you breathe the atmo- | sphere of that Kingdom in Churches that one may be forgiven for thinking sometimes are united only in hate and jealousy ! of one another? Do you find the evidence of j jjis-gxawth-in the hugeJraC.!,s_aLearth that, are 1 still black and foul and miserable with heathen . horror and superstition? Do you perceive any j trace of that Kingdom's beauty in the dingy ' hovel and the po,luted court? In the gamh- ] ling of the Stock Exchange, the turf, and the ! Church bazaar? In the drunkenness and im- | purity of our towns and cities—aye. and of j even our quiet and secluded gions? In the i idleness - of the -rich, the--servility of | the poor, and the .greed of both rich j and poor together? Do—you hear., t.ho [ melody of thaty Kingdom's music in the cries | of oppressed peoples, the groans ot outcast 1 and starving men and women, the wails of j „i.:i.i V . m i we breathe is tremulous with sorrow. D i«s it 1 not sound very like mockery to ask, in these [ circumstances, whether the Kingdom of God j ha.iy.et come? One hardly, wonder,-?.that men,.; like .Schopenhauer, who had lost all belief in ! the sovereignty of a good Clod, should rush 1 headlong to the conclusion that the sooner our i world is annihilated the better, and that it I would he well if our race could terminate the I reign of horror bv an act of universal suicide. .. I But we are Christian people. We have j pinned our faith to the promises of Christ, , and such a cutting cf t!ie"kuot as the pessimist \ advocates would be to nsofan infinitely sadder ; thing than even all the cornolicati-ms of the I knot itself. We are confronted with the same \ "Tacts asdic ; but we do not believe that 0ori'sTT" has di>e"h-cheating men"aTT-these eenfrurios ' with the hope of what ffe knew could never ' bo realized. Wc cannot"believe that Ho was : the mere dreamer of a beautiful dream. Wo i dare.not 'xdievejdiat God is deaf to the prayor.s_ and blind to the strnglrlesof flis children, and j that as. things have been in the past or arco now, so HrTis content they" sdveild d.i^""«ib"lbriyT" as time .and earth ondnro. Wo instinctively ! shrink" from and p otest" against so sad Tmd - monstrous a conclusion asthat. . 1 Let us look at the matter calmly. We admit ' all the facts. We will not minimise a single j one of-them.—We deplore their exist.ence,_arid J wo pray God to Have mercy upon us in so far ] as we are- personally and eorporateiy re- j sponsible for their continuance. But can we I fail to observe, notwithstanding the facts, | that, all around lis there is a distinct and em- j phatic trend in the right direction? It. needs no very profound knowledge of history to be : aware that the sum total of human misery is '• TessTfflttltre sum—total of _ hrnvivn happiness ist gr.eater to-dav than ever it has boon in days I past; that the world is growing better and ] not worse; that slowly, it may be. vet surely, , the. march of humanity is a-march—towards the light. Even within the lifetime of many now present there has been conspicuous pro gress in morals as in material well being. The value of the individual has been. increasingly . recognised. The relative obligations of the community to the member and of the member to the community have been better fulfilled, j -The eondiyon&kiBJiyingJiftye; beenvVflatly im proved &nd; t>wetitaiie3 ~for -tfaer'masBes—trf men. iPabiio opinion has been'-greatly edu paladan drefined riThe TJfinstian rponeci wipe has beam-quickened.' : Every where, and . in all depftKtaents -of Jite, a reforming; nnd-r^eue®ihjfpowerliaS^be6fl-_aV3i('Ot'1&~ Theworld—may still, in the -word»-o{:=the Apostle John.be lying in wickedness; but it has-at-least caught a glirapse oaf ~the~tdjiV ak f _ „.. .. r^fifeperingH —of? -fait-b-ahd 3ibpo<-—Y-ea, brethren,- even in-the face of alLthe sad antLJiideoua and-shameful tlinigu offlife we may-cherish- ati invincible - honor There is no .place for pessimism in the Christian's creeds Cur fait-K shouldbe. never more resolute, nor our "hearts iriPre buoyant than when wepray this simple prayer. For we look forward steadfastly ft> the day— . though _our inortal eyes may noveraee it—-that : triumphant day. when this petition shall bo changed into thanksgiving, and the new heaven and the new earth ^hall ehout aloud. ~for joy beeausoGodVKingdomat last has come. ~ ' ' ' HOW TO HASTEN ITS COMING. But the question now for practical people J is. How may this blessed era be hastened? How shall the things that hinder it be gotrid' of? How -is the- prayer of our text to be ful filled? Yoti are familiar with some-of the purrefit" answers to theso questions. thejug-_ ge4tfid_rernedies for the world's disease. There are those who have calmly organized, themselves to destrov the present- order of things altogether, in the hope of construoting on its ruins another and a better."""There"are many earnest souls who are convinced that Jegislation. in certain directions, is . the. one., thing, needful. HPasa this and that particular Bill, they say, and the work of reformation will begin; God's.Kingdom will come, But alas! "at" the very heart of these and all kindred proposals there is a palpable blunderr They take no account of sin. They ignore that tremendous .power in man which compels hitn to do evil while he knows the: good. They forget to_ reckon with that one cardinal fact, which, if leftp unmo* lested, _ will undermine them all and bring thorn to confusion. __Thatn" is the fundamental error of such schemes of universal reform as have been depicted in books of the type~bf " Looking Backward."" -They. .aro very ingenious, we admit, very plausible, very beautiful. But they make too great a demand upon our credulity when thoy bid us believe that human nature will spon taneously transform itself, and that all selfish ness in the individual mud the community-will be abolished by the mere stroke of a states min'a pen. Not so, brethren, Thefefls" no short cut to the Oity of God. The stream will never flow-clear and sweet so long as the ! fountain-head is muddy and polluted. Men !3f!*w H_rfta.ni a.nf] lnx/ial.okti ..and .rftiy^utiarij'/j? • but liumau-mature wilBreinain the "same. If J,hey are to change society they must first j .change, that. *If the Kingdom of God is to come into the world, it can only be through" its coining Jirst iof-all 'into the hearts and lives of individual men. Perhaps some of you Are disappointed with - the conclusion I Have reached ; for, as yoiT see,-" I have no new remedy to suggest for the ills "of lifB, no new lever to—pn t into your ha7id3 j for"the uplifting of the race to a level witli its high destiny. Just tho old lever, tho old remedy—the gospel of the .grace ofGod. Tbe_ grace of God, acting in anil through Jiving men and women—tha^is the world's one and only hope. THE KINGDOM WITHIN. That being so, we are now driven back upon the primary question—Has the King dom of God yet corno into our own hearts? If" is a "sheer waste of time to anticipate" and discuss—tho fulfilment of this prayer in the macrocosm of the "world, if it is still unfulfilled in the microcosm of bur own indi vidual lives. Does God reign over them—■' reign absolutely, arid without a rival? Ato you conscious, my brother, that your heart is His "royal throne," whence He isBnesjjocreeu that tongue and hands and foot aro swift to .execute? Raskin has well said that God will put up with a great niany things in tb'e human heart, but there is one thing he will not put up within it—a second place. " Thou shait have.nojoiherygods before Mot"—Your whole heart must acknowledgeHinrfitVono Lord and only King. \- —Yet -a step -Garth or, _ Jf _jwe are humbly confident that tho Kingdom of God is indeed within us, that our hearts are just so many of its scattered provinces, what are ivo doing to bring it into the hearts and lives (If others? That it is our duty to do so I shall not stop to argue. The man who demands proof has no business to be between i those walls. Let him betake himself, with ! Cain, to the land of Nod. No man is entitled to wear the Christian name who is simply eon- I tent to have his own-spiritual—need*-sirpplmd-| in Christ, and has never a thought for the , clamant needs of those around him and far j nway. So T ask again, what are wo doing to spood-the Kingdom of God? Wo marvel some tones that tli" Kingdom so long delays I its coming. Wo .forget that the responsi- i bil ty of delay ro«ts largely upon our- j selves, upon the whole Church of Christ. No doubt fie obstacles are great and many, i But no obstacles arc insurmountable to men I of vigorous faith. If we only availed ourselves more of the twin .ministries of.prayer and ser- 1 vice that God has placed at our disoosaL j obstacles would dwindle and be laid in t.he dust, nod the Kingdom of God would spread, j Praynr and service! each impotent without j I'rav, Christian, for the coming of God's 1 -Rtrttrdom".--as—though its coming drrpiVnded i solely upon Him. Work for it, as though its i coming depended solely upon yourself. I do j not know whether gr. at deeds of service to your loss fortunate brethren are within your ! roach. Of eonr in, if you have great tal mts, ' high place, abundant moans, large social and : political influence, you can, if you will, I mightily advance the. Kingdom of God And | you must do it, for to no other end has Tie i conferred _ these gifts upon you. But! whether the great deeds of service are , possible to yon or not, this I know, that the j small deeds ara within reach of all. ' There is • "Hot" oho of"ymu^OGVboFbift rndv at least give! the cup of cold water in the name of Christ. J Then think what a blessing would come, to ; yourselves, and what a blessing to others even j far-iieyond your .own Church and community, j if this, whole congregation were to make the | present wool? a week of loving Christian ser- j vice. —if we should every one of u« see to it as j a point-of honour-that not another 3a, b hath- j flay shouid- comii—wiiiiout—some firotle-r or sister being tiro—better of-our help and thed better of our influence. Young men now ; rejoicing in tho glory and wonder of your j strength, yoi^ will-one day come in the natural j course of things to tho sera and yellow autumn- | time of life. Oh ! what a poor retrospect will | bo yours, what a desolate end will he yours, if | in the passing seasons of opportunity you have j not dono your best .to'-serve your follows, j When Sir Christopher Wren was an old man, ' and could work no more, ho n=od to make his ! friends carry him round St. Paul's Cathedral. | It. was a consolation to the hetpTe5sr"ol(i" man j" that hg had done something once, and it mado • the roposo of his latter days all tho sweeter ! and mors welcome. And you.-too, will re- ! msmW with joy at thu-closrrvrf- life lhut~T7Tu~j did this and that service to vonr fellow-men for i Christ's sake, thatyon helped -some brother in I need, that yon cheered some drooping heart, ! that you brought glimpses of a Father's love j and a Bather's house to weary ami sin-stained • souls. Even if you go down to the grave j without seeing any perceptible advance of the j -3Gng3i^-.jfa^.y|Hoh_^6u have laboured and yraTffli<^itill y6tr waU^liave"t he usatisfaction of— Knomiigahat "rouaVl eastld id what yoli coiild, _ and hare earned the Kiag'a." Well none!"" " ~ .. Yremember, brethren, tbevision of the NewTJenrstddm^jffiat 0t^oKI5iiierdintiiB lonely seagirt islirbf Patmos. Soon,-ah 1 *00 soon, - the^irionMadedtfieLeaveniy - voioe* wero fiilent. Butwith himstillrdmained the .Splendid hopo they hadbreathcdintoTiia "Spirit, and thn qiiirdtijuwl swal~"tT'"haston its "fruition. "^Ve,^ioo, rtifisiflay have beheld "in =yjsion_the land that is very-far- offr Itia~ "already vanishing from us, and in a tew mora— hours wo shall see only the stern and hard realities of the present. Hut shall we not re turn to " the trivialTound, the common-task," Stronger, more^-hopeful, more resolute, more ,.pati»nJJ_jns.t-bocause--we-knawq_ wUh all the .car.tainty and confidence of God-giving know-— Jedge, _tl>at His Kingdom, -though it-tarry,, shall one day come, .and His will be done on earth as it is in heaven? —' ■ —Band op Hose-Jubu.ee Da?.— Tuesday November 9, says the Westminster Budget, "was Jubilee Day in Juvenile Temperance Circles," the first public Band of Hope meeting having been held on November 9, 1817, by Sirs. Ana Jane Garble and the'Rev. Jabaz Tunnicliffo, in the South-parade Schoolroom, Leeds. -A.bout_ 399 children sat down to tea at this gathering, mofe .than 200 of them taking the total-abstinence pledge before the meeTing closed. At the present time there are 21,000 Band of Hope Societies in the United King dom, and, as is well known, great efforts hava _been put forward to celebrate this fiftieth atinivorsary by adding-a-fourth to the throe million 1>oys andgirls who already belong to these Societies. Although, the result is nob -yet ^definitely -ascertainable, no. lass than 51,000 ladies and gentlemen visited 1,750,000 homes in thoir effort to increase the ranks of juvenile temperance Tin the 17 h ult., and 10,000 special sermons will be delivered this month. _ Judicial Heredity.—The circumstanoo \- that Lord Justice Chitty - and Lord Justice Henn Collins, although their fathers -did not reach the Bench, were sons of men of great eminence at the Bar, may render it of interest to know, that the late Mr, Stephen Collins, Q.C., the father of the Lord Justice, was popularly known as "the Chitty of the Irish Bar." On the Irish Judicial Bench during tha present century there is a remark able- instance of heredity in the fact of a grandfather, father, and son having been members" of the" Justiciary. In 180l "Sir Michael jSmith, who had-been, a Baron of the Exchequer, was appointed Master of the Rolls in Ireland, lira son. Sir William Smith, was a Baron of the Exchequer from 1801 till 1'831, and Sir William. Smith's son, the Right lion. T, B, G. Suiitir.-was Master" of the Rolls from 1846 till I860, and actually wofe the State robes worn by his graq'dfather jwhen holding" that position. Mr. Justice Channell is not, according to our legal con temporary, the only occupant of the Bench who illustrates the principle of heredity. -Lord Justice Williams, to whose place in the -Queen's Bench he has succeeded, is the son of Mi eminent Judge, and so is Jilr. Baron Pollock. Two other Judges may "be men tioned in this connexion, though their fathers did not reach the Bench. Lord Justice Chitty "belongs to a family of lawyers not less dis tinguished-.than the " Pollocks, while "Lord Justice Henn Dollins, whose father was a leader of the Irish Bar, comes of a distin guished legal stock in the sister isle. 