TERRIBLE BURNING ACCIDENT. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAM TO A FEYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shock of the burn- ing and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a number of years after he was a confirmed invalid, suffering terrible from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neighbourhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had had a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumours that a special reporter from the Sydney Forger was despatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thomas Jarvis was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he said " You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly . shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor," and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable In- stitutions." " Did you make use of the order?" " No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attend- ing me and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxia, a disease of the spinal chord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my' legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not in- fallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. * determined to give the pills a trial, anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though noting was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest' I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches there They are perfectly new and I have never used them. They were made for me, before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." "He is 100 per cent better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previous. " I can now." continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain, now, whatever,- and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor stay, partial paralysis and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. McGowen, leader of the Labour Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from his infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing, to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed- ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Perth, W.A., who will forward, post paid, on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 3s., or half-dozen for 153. 9d. See that the genuine Dr Williams' are gotten. 