A LEGEND OP THE NEW FOREST, [ALL BIGHTS UISSKRVKD ] BY ALICE D. M ANDERS. ' Yes, indeed, ma'am,' said the mistress of the cottage, as she took the steaming kettle off the fire preparatory to making me a cup of tea, ' my family has lived herein Stony Cross auy time the last hundred years, and I don't think we'll ever go anywhere else, shall we, Grannie?' This last was addressed to a buxom old woman who sat kuitting by the fire. I had been for a ramble in the beautiful New Forest, in thecourseof which I had been overtaken by a violent thunderstorm, and was now taking advantage of the shelter offered by my hostess. She presently continued. ' My grandmother is over eighty-five, and as strong and active as I am myself, and she has never stirred out of the forest in her life, and my brother has nice lodgings, in case you were ever wauting any ? ' Here the old lady chimed in, ' And my father was a Stony Cross man, and his father before him, and so was my poor husband.' ' Ah, Grannie,' said the other, ' you could tell the lady a queer enough story about how you came to marry grandfather !' ' Yes, indeed,' answered the old lady dreamily, ' the thunder this afternoon brought it all back to my mind.' I expressed a wish to hear the story, but she only sighed, and said, ' It's no use telling you that old tale, ma'am. You wouldn't believe it— no one ever does.' This roused my interest all the more, and at last, by exaggerating my powers of credulity, and also giving her orders for sundry pairs of knitted socks, I prevailed upon her to tell the story, which I will write to the bebt of my memory. My name before I was married was Betty Price, and I lived with my father and mother in an old cottage a little way down the road, where the new red-brick house stands now. I was supposed to be not bad looking in those days ; at any rate there always seemed to be plenty of young men dangling after me, if you'll excuse ine being so vain— and a fine time I gave them, too, for I was a terrible girl for flirting. There were just two of them that I liked a deal better than any of the others, and I was always comparing them, and trying to decide which I was really fondest of. Jim Patchett kept a baker's shop down iu the town, and he had lovely brown eyes and curly hair ; and I was certainly very fond of him, aud he was half silly about me. But then, here was the difficulty— I liked Tom Frampton every bit as well, though his hair was as straight as a pound of tallow candles, bless his heart 1 and to tell the truth, I was so obstinate that I thought I rather preferred him, just because my parents wanted me to have Jim, who was pretty well off, while Tom was only working on a farm, and didn't earn so much. It was true that he was getting on well enough, and was sure to get a rise in wages in about a year's time ; but I believe my poor mother was half worried to death with all my love affairs, and my whims, aud my pernickety ways, and was anxious to see me married and settled down as soon as possible. Anykow, she aud father encouraged Jim, and tried to muke me send Tom to the rightabout. Well, one day about the last week in July, I'd gone to the fair with some friends, and Jim was there ; and, of course, the moment he caught sight of me he came rushing up, and asked me to go and shoot at cocoanuts with him. We started off together, and I suddenly felt sure, from his jerky sort of manner and excited face, that he was going to ask me to marry him, especially when I found that we were right out of the crowd, and nowhere near any cocoanuts ut all. I chattered hard about whatever happened to strike me, so that he shouldn't have the chance of getting in a word ; for my mind was in such a divided and muddled state that I neither wanted to say yes nor no. My stock of talk was beginning to give out at last, when I happened to catch eight of Tom Frampton, and signed to him to join us, for I knew I should be in no danger of proposals as long as they were both with me. Jim looked very black, and Tom scowled back at him something dreadful, but auyhow he came, and there was I between my two sweethearts. They were both as silent and sulky as could be, and wouldn't say a word - to each other, or indeed to me either ; except that once when Jim was a bit on in front, I had another invitation to go and shoot cocoauuts, this time with Tom. But something in the way he said it made me think perhaps I wouldn't, so I just laughed and said : ' Yes, that's just what Jim wants to do ; we'll all go together.' Jim seemed to have changed his mind, for he said quite sharply, ' I hate shooting cocoa nuts ;' aud Tom muttered in a low grotvly tone to me, ' I wish I could shoot at his cocoanut with something nice and hard !' I think that was partly because he was jealous of Jim's nice curls. Well, we went on, the three of us, walking about and looking at the stalls and shows, till presently Jim says to Tom, just to make me jealous, ' Look, there's your dear little friend Susie Beecher pining for you ; why don't you do and comfort her?' and Tom says, 'Well I think I will ; two's company, you know,' and was just going off, only I got hold of his coat-tails and stopped him. Jim muttered something wicked under his breath when he saw that, being angry because he thought I was jealous of Susie — as if I cared about Susie ! I had another reason besides that for holding Tom back, which was, as I said before, simply that I didn't want to be left with Jim and run the risk of his proposing to me. But Tom seemed really put out, aud said quite roughly : ' Let go, Betty, you've got Jim to look after you. What do you want with me ?' I was nearly in dispair, when I suddenly thought of a letter I had got in the morning from my sister, who was in service in London aud I 8aid to Tom, ' Just wait a minute till I read you a letter from Jane, all about the grand things she's been seeing.' So we sat down on' an old tree trunk, and they both kept quite, though they looked each as if he expected the other to go away, and that silly girl Susie kept passing in front of us, ogling Tom with her gooseberry eyes, and showing off an ugly red parasol that made her complexion look bright scarlet — though it was pasty enough as a rule. I can sec her now ! I read the letter, which told of a great pro cession that Jane had seen, having been taken out by her sweetheart, who had pointed out the King to her — for that was in the days of King William, before our Queen came to the throne ; and jane was so mighty proud and full of herself at haviug seen a real live king that she never mentioned the hay or the pigs, as usual, and signed herself, ' Your affec tionate sister,' instead of 'Your own old Jane.' ' What do you think of that ?' says I, when I'd finished reading, the two men looking as cross as bears all the time; 'isn't Jane a lucky girl to have a sweetheart who can show her such fine things ? I wish I had !' 'If you're eo foud of processions,' sneers Jim, ' you'd better go to the farm every day, and you'll see Tom driving a procession of waddling geese down to the pond.' ' If I had the chance, do you think I wouldn't show you all the kings and princes iu the world ?' says Tom, not noticing Jim's rude remarks ; ' I'd like Jane's beautiful cockney, or anybody else either, to Bhow her a king in this village !' I couldn't st&ud; their sulks any longer, sd I just said, laugkjmg, ' Whichever of you shows me a king first, I'll marry,' and then I saw my friends coming to look for me, and ran off. It was a few days after that— the 2nd of August, which date I've good reason to remember — that I happened to gee Tom in the postoffice, and he said in a hurried whisper : ' Bessie, I must see you alone and speak to you, or I'll go mad ! Say you'll meet me ut the Rufus stone to-night — ten o'clock — do, do !' I wouldn't make any promises, and only answered : ' I don't know— perhaps ;' but he said he'd be there anyhow. That same afternoon, as I sat sewing with mother, she began to talk about Jim, and said what a good young man he was, and how foolish and wrong it was of me to treat him so shabbily ; and then she went on to say that I should be sorry some day if I didn't break with Tom Frampton, seeing it was a non seuBical and hopeless attachment, and one thing and another, I can't remember it all — I only know this, that though I had decided to myself that I wouldn't go and meet Tom at night, by the time mother had finished talking I was just as determined that I would. That's the sort of girl I was, and I almost wonder mother didn't know my ways better by that time. Well, after supper, as luck would have it, mother was sent for to go aud sec a sick woman down the road : so I just waited till father was safely asleep in his big chair, and then got my hat and slipped out very softly, so that he should not awake. It was a beautiful night, though dark ; very warm aud not a breath stirring. To tell the truth, I should have felt happier if it had not been quite so still, for somehow, though I was brave enough as a rule, I didn't like the feeling that the only sound to be heard was the rustle of my own steps through the grass and bracken, aud the noise of branches as I brushed past them, on my way to the little wooded hollow where the llufus stone stands; Besides, I had an uneasy idea, that I oughtn't to have come, and this, as well as the close and sultry air, made me feel hot and rather nervous, so I hurried on as fast as I could, in order to get it over. The night seemed to be darker than ever, bo that I could hardly find my way ; and presently a big drop of rain splashed on my sunbonnet, then another, and many more, falling faster and faster, till in a few minutes I was soaked through and through. Presently therecamea Bash of lightning, andaviolentpeal of thunder. I was terrified, for I well knew the danger of lightning among those trees. How I wished I was safe at home ! but I was near the stone now, and nude up my mind to find Tom aud get him to walk' back with me. Then had a horrid fear that perhaps he had not come — perhaps he had expected the storm aud given me up. I was determined, at any rate, to settle this question at once, and hastened on wildly. There was another flash, brighter than the first — and it lit up for a moment the shape of the old stone in front of me, and — to my relief — the figure of a man standing near it. So my good faithful Tom had kept his word, and I was mightly pleased to find him, being in a very miserable plight. I called out, ' Here I am, Tom, ana I'm so wet and wretched !' He did not answer, but I ran up to the spot where, through the black darkness and torrents of rain, I could dimly make him out, as he stood silently waiting for me. I put out my hand to take his arm, asking him to take me home at once— but he seemed to have moved away, for I could feel nothing, though I could have certainly taken my oath that my hand was resting on hisarni. I grew alarmed. 'Tom !' I cried, ' why do you stand like that without a word ? Are you playing me tricks?' Still he made no answer, and I was almost beside myself with terror and cold. Was it Tom at all ? Oh, why was it such a pitch dark night so that I could not see his face ? J ust us I was wildly thinking these things, another vivid flash of lightning startled me, and what I saw by its passing light nearly stunned me with terror. Instead of my lover, there was an unknown man standing perfectly still, holding one hand to his left side, which seemed to be hurting him dreadfully, for his face was ghastly pale, like that of a corpse, and bis eyes were fixed in a most horrible stare. The lower part of his face was hidden by a red beard, and that made the rist look all the paler. His clothes were strange, such as I had never seen before, but it was' the fearful suffering face that terrified me, and haunts me still. The idea of this creature close beside me in the dark was maddening, and I shrieked, and turned to run, when suddenly, to my delight, I heard the well known voice of Tom cry, ' Why Betty ! what is it ? Surely you're not frightened of your old friend Tom V ' ' Oh Tom !' I exclaimed, clinging to him and feeling more glad to see him than I ever felt before, ' There's such a dreadful looking man standing by the Rufus stone, and— and— I'm so frightened — and-—' x Somehow the reBt of the sentence was smothered, and somehow my head had got on to Tom's shoulder, and his strong arms were round me in a fashion which was very com fortable. I began to fed less frightened and miserable, and it grew a little lighter and stopped raining ; so when Tom said he would like to have a look at the man I didn't mind goiug back at all as long as he was with me. Still, it was a terrible thing to tee that pale red-bearded stranger standing there so silently, with his dreadful look of pain, and if Tom had not held me very tight I never could have stood it. Tom looked a bit scared him self, and went quite white, as he muttered, ' Good Heavens, then it's true t Come along home, Betty,' and turned to go. 'What's true, Tom?' I asked in a frightened whisper. M What do you mean ?— who is it ?' ' ? Instead of answering, he said, ' What day is this?' * ' The 2nd of August,' I replied, surprised. Then Tom pointed to the part of the iron case which contained the Rufus stone, wheie there is engraved a short account of how William Rufus was shot while out hunting, and the day on which it happened. The date is ' August 2nd, 1100.' 'Don't you know now who it is?' whispered Tom to me, and then I began to shiver and shake, for I understood what he meant. 'Surely it can't be,' I gasped in terror, ' Oh Tom, come away '.' and I began to drag him away from the place. Tom was gazing in a fixed sort of way at the figure, but at length he turned, and we walked homewards. 'I should never have believed it possible,' he said, when he had walked some way. ' I havo heard people say they have seen him, but I always laughed at the idea — and if I had thought of the fright you were going (o get, my darling——' ' Tom !' I cried, breaking away from him, ' How dare you call me that ?' You see by this time I was getting calm again, and began to think I had 'been letting Tom have things too much his own way, so 1 walked along with my nose very high, and said: ' This is the last time I shall ever keep an appointment with you, you may be sure ! First you bring me out in a thunder storm—-—' ' But I roally didn't know there was going to be a thunderstorm,' put in Tom, meekly. ' And then you manage to fix on a day when you know I shall see a horrid ghost, and get frightened out my wits.' ' No, no !' cried Tom, trying to take my arm again, ' I didn't know what the ghost's day was, on my honour I didn't ; oh, Betty, you can't guess how much I love you, or you would know that I would rather be hanged than let anything frighten you— indeed I would.' He stood still in his excitement and barred the pathway, with such a tender, longing look in his clear gray eyes that I had to look down to the ground, and could think of nothing to say in answer. At last I managed to stammer : ' You mustn't, Tom— you mustn't talk like that. There's Jim, you know ; and father and mother want me to— I mean, wouldn't like you to speak to me in that way, aud I'm all wet and — take me home, Tom.' But all the same I wasn't at all anxious to hurry back, for I thought J om was getting nicer every minute ; and he didn't seem to be in a hurry either, so we began to walk along very slowly. Suddenly he looked up as if struck by Borne happy idea, and said : ' Well, as to Jim he will just have to put as good a face on the matter as he can, aud find somebody else, won't he ?' 'No, indeed,' I answered stiffly, getting into one of my contrary moods, 'I don't think so at all.' ' Oh, come, Betty,' said Tom, 'a promise is a promise, you kuovv, and it's no use for you to pretend you've forgotten.' 'Forgotten what?' I asked in surprise, ' I never made any promise to throw over Jim — and what's more, I don't mean to,' For 1 was a little put out with Tom for the way he spoke of Jim— and yet, I knew very well now which of the two I liked best, and that it was not Jim. ' Didn't you Bay, that day at the fair, that you would marry whichever of us showed you a king first ?' asked Tom. Then I remembered having said it, and felt glad that I had, and I didn't answer, but only looked at Tom, and when his arms came round me and drew me towards him I felt so happy that I could only give him a great big kiss. I forget how many he gave me, and what my mother said when I got back. I believe she scolded me well for loitering about in my wet clothes, and I daresay I got a cold, but little things like that didn't matter, for I had my dear Tom, and the best nf himtmnrin lir- fl.lwn.vfi was to me. 'There, ma'am,' said the old lady, 'that's all the story, just as it happened— and I never saw any more ghosts, but I feel I owe a great deal of happiness to that one. It's all a long time ago now, and maybe it won't be very long before me and my dear Tom meet again ; dear me, its five years and more since he died, ma'am, from a cold that he caught; ono frosty Suuday ? night coming out of the hot church, and when we got home I gave him a treacle posset and eent a boy down to the village after the doctor, but it was three hours before he came j and then he put a thermometer tliiug in my poor old man's mouth, and— — ' But I suddenly discovered that it was getting late, and I had to go. Mr. A, t 'I've got a fad too, don't you know. I collect old and rare violins. Come round and see them.' Musician : 'Do you blay?' Mr. A. : 'Bless you, no ; not a note.' Musi cian (enthusiastically) : ' I vill come.' Clara : ' My freind Mr. Spooner, who caught » glimpse of you yesterday, said he would give anything to kiss you. Shall I bring him round to-night ?' Maud : ' No ; I guess not. Send him around.' 'Of course you will write only on one side of the paper,' said the professor in the College of Journalism to his new pupil. ' Yes sir,' replied the pupil who was willing to learn. ' Which side shall I write on ?' Incorrigible. — Visitor : ' Well, my man, I expect it must have cost you a lot of money to paint your nose that colour '.' Reprobate : ' Ah, an' if Oi cud affoord it, Oi'd have it varnished now !' ' Yon may talk as you like,' said the, man who doesn't; care for sport, ' but there was one good thing about the gladiatorial fights of olden times.' 'What was that?' 'The loser never had a chance to write to the papers and explain why he lost.' 