THE ALLUUIAL — QUESTION. 0ASKS ADJODRNED TILL FRIDAY. The posting of the cases agiinst Frost and party and R. Smith attracted a very large crowd to the Warden's Court yesterday morning, the public portion of the court room, windows, doors, and every point of vantage being immediately sei/.:d. A rumor was in circulation that the two men had expressed an intention of not appear ug, thus necessitating an arrest, presumably on the lease, but this proved unfounded. Certainly the men did not aj pear, but on the cases being called application was made for an adj lurument, on tlic grounds that the men had expressed a wish that Mr Charles jlann, the well- known cx-Coolgardie solicitor, should appear oil their behalf. Mann was at Kanowna and unable to reach Che Kalgoorlie court in time, so nu adjournment till Friday was asked. Mr Hare, appearing Cor the ivanhoe Veuturc Syndicate, said he did uot object to an adjournment, *- there were a lot more to come in on KriJuy, and tluy might as well be all taken together.'' l'lie Warden then granted the adjournment till Friday and the crowd dispersed somewhat disappointed. Matters on the lease assiiiuud Lheir normal aspect yesterday, tbc men working with a will and an expressed determination to bottom and prove the show at all hazards. Hughes and Bray's shows are being vigorously worked, the latter being one of the deepest on tbe lease. Speaking to one of the men yesterday it waB Btatcd that had the _ men not been harassed or their claims deemed by the com pany illegal, the lease would have beeu proved long ago as they would have amalgamated several of the claims and worked three shifts. As it was, they were determined to spread the responsibility and in vi&w; of the manager's tactics, assure at least one or two of the shafts bottoming. A curious incident occurred to one i f the men working on tbe lease on tlio uioruin_ after tbe public demonstration. He says that on going down the shaft he saw BO .nothing moving and would not bave been snrprised had he seen Wittenoom'e ghost, lie looked round the bottom cautiously, and to his astonishm nt foand tbc moving object to be a cat which bad presumably faUca down the shaft during tbe ninht. All the vacant space betwetn tbe townsite and the Venture lease haviug been take • up, including municipal endowment blocks, streets, and residence areas, an application was made yesterday in the salgoorlie Warden's Court for a protection area situated about a mile south-east of the Boulder Post Office, on the presumed line of deep lead. It will not take long at this rale to prove the value of the deep channel which runs by the township down to the Hannan's Lake. Further summonses wereissued yesterday, returnable on Friday, the latest move evidently being to endeavor to thin the ranks of the alluvialities so much as to prevent tbeir shafts proving tbe value of tbe lease. If such is openly asserted, it will raise a good deal of local support, w nich is at present keeping alouf, and with this and capable leaders that are sure to come to the front if the issue is .protracted, it is hard to say what will be the outcome. As remarkei receutiy tbe chief shareholders in the leasj who have practically settled negotiations with an English buyer, are between the devil au! tbe deep blue s-.-a. Jr their lease proves unpayable from the alluvial workers shatls the sale will fall through ; if gold is fouud, all tbe king's horses and all tne king's men will not stop the rush thither. Tuey should be about teeing that tbe sensible course of declaring the ground deep alluvial, aail applying for a special areaaccordingly, woula bave been the most profitable in the end. As it is, support for the workers on the lease is increasing daily. Contrary to expectations, no mention was made of tbe special case to be submitted by ounsel in the Ivanhoe Venture case. ThiB ill be finally arranged during the week. For up-to-date photography go to Banletto, tbc uow photographer, Hav.-etreet' Perth* 