from tDe Gap Metropolis The Cup and The Grafter are both an old story now, and the Gay Metroplis is suffering a recovery from race week. Government House has resumed its usual quiet routine, and the intercolonial Governors, with their wives and daughters, have thanked Uncle Tom for a very gay time, and left for home. Both dances at Government House were crammed to the doors, and yet people declared they were not nearly so crowded as the Madden dances given in the same place some weeks ago. It is a mystery how some people get invitations to these functions, and a mystery why some people do not receive them. A doctor's wife was very indignant at her exclusion from the dances, while a Collins-street milliner was invited to both. Various odd-looking men are asked, presumably because they can dance, but as dancing at Government House is no pleasure, and often highly dangerous to nice dresses, the dancing-man could easily be left out of the invitations. At the second dance people were brighter than on the previous Monday evening, when they wore a worried look, due to their having a little bit on the Cup. On Wednesday evening they had made the best of things, and tried to look happy. Lady Brassey in black, wearing her diamond tiara and ornaments, was fieezingly polite to outsiders who spoke to her on the dais. Lord Brassey escaped from that end of the ballroom, and made a lightning inspection of the buffet, where champagne cup was more plentiful than whisky. Several maids who helped the waiters were in old-fashioned lace caps, and not half as smart as the ordinary suburban maid, who opens the door in- a cap with long white ends and a frilled apron, A worriedlooking manservant assisted the maids in the ladies' dressing-room, and ran up and down a ladder, pigeonholing the guests' wraps. At half past eleven a hungry crowd gathered at the entrance to the State dining-room, and were forcibly kept back by a barrier and two militiamen until the signal came to let the crowd in from the dining-room. A rumor of champagne and a sit-down supper caused the rush, for the buffet refreshments merely tickled the appetites of a mixed crowd that had had its dinner or tea early. Behind the barrier near the State dining-room several women and men belonging to Gov. House inner circle sat on the lounges in full view of the excited throng, and smiled at their struggles. A smart matron, while waiting for supper, flirted with a naval officer, young enough to be her son, and a recent bridegroom whispered in the ear of one of his wife's bridesmaids. It was much too windy for even the youngest debutante to stay out in the garden with her partners, and at 11 o'clock one solitary man sat amidst a forest of Vienna chairs. The old-fashioned quadrille, which opened the ball, was danced solemnly by the official set, Lord Brassey dancing with Viscountess Hampden, whose earrings made a sensation amongst the women. Captain Brand's uniform of the 10th Hussars was voted very ugly. The gallant Captain is very like his father, Viscount Hampden, and though a young man, is already slightly bald. Lord Richard Neville looked sad and solemn in a scarlet uniform, and a Judge in Windsor uniform was noticeable for walking on his heels. Lord and Lady Brassey took a day off, and were not at the Oaks last Thursday. Neither the Governor nor Lady Brassey enthuse over races, and they allow their Cup visitors to go to Flemington by themselves on Thursday of race week. Lady Gerard Smith wore biscuit-colored foulard with ^vest of white chiffon over heliotrope, toque of heliotrope and fawn; Mrs. Pakenham, pale brown foulard, with a tucked bodice, and front of white chiffon, black and white hat. The Misses Brand were in muslin over silk. Lady Madden looked very young in blue and white organdie, with hat to match. Lady Clarke has a mania for contrasting sunshades to her costumes. At Caulfield she carried one in lettuce-green, and at the Oaks a fussy-looking pink sunshade. Her gown was a lovely muslin over silk, trimmed with willow-green satin ruchings and chiffon, with a sash of chiffon. Her pink toque was turned back from the face in variety artiste fashion, and ornamented with pink plumes. The Madden girls, Daisie and Ruby, were a harmonious contrast, the former in yellow muslin over silk, and the latter in green muslin, with a green hat. Mrs. Vallange copied her mother, and wore blue and white muslin with a wrong kind of toque in violet and pink. Mrs. Marcus Synnot, the society novelist (whose new book's hero is a tall person with a tawny moustache drooping over a wide mouth, and a cherubic expression of face) was in heliotrope silk, trimmed with chiffon, with applique revers, white hat trimmed with black and white feathers. The polo match England v. Victoria was so well advertised that Moonee Valley racecourse was crowded at an admission fee of half-a-crown to see society men play the game. A Government House party, who went down in drags, were anxious to see Captain Brand pl.ty, as lie is one of the best players in the world. Mr. Harry Osborne (Miss Daisie Madden's fiance), and Col. St. (Quintan were umpires. The England team were in green jackets, the Victoria team in black and white. There was a lot of barracking, for the Englishmen, of course, but the play of Mr. E. Manifold and Mr. De Little, both Western District men, was an eye-opener, and, with their better ponies, the local team won easily. Several of the ponies belonging to the Victorian players had long tails, and one English lady, whose chatter principally consisted of " Really," and " Oh, how naice," was quite disgusted. According to her, any polo player whose pony's tail is not banged should be disqualified for life. If the lady stays the summer in Victoria, and gets bothered with flies and mosquitoes, she will perhaps understand why Australian horses need long tails. His Excellency Rear-Admiral Pearson is very forgetful in social matters. The " Royal Arthur" while in Hobson's Bay is open to the publie who go on board, and are shown round by the middies or whoever happens to be in charge at the time. But public men in Melbourne, when they take a party with them to see the Admiral's flagship, expect to be received properly. Unfortunately the Admiral forgot during Cup week, that the Speaker of the Leg. Assembly and a party were to go on board the " Royal Arthur," and when they arrived there was no reception, no afternoon tea, and no Admiral. A middie or two, and an officer showed them the guns and other things, just in the ordinary way. The Admiral came on board, and went ashore again, without seeing Mr. Speaker and his friends, and the party disgustedly left the flagship and returned to town. Mr. Mason took them up to Parliament House to afternoon tea, and made many apologies, as he is the most courteous of men, and extremely hospitable. As the Speaker of the L.A. is the first gentleman in Victoria, it was not quite civil of the Admiral to forget about his visit to the " Royal Arthur." Everybody was at Govt. House garden party. One society woman said, "I quite expect to meet my greengrocer presently ; I suppose it would be civil to bow to him." The function is a sort of overflow meeting of people for whom there is no room at the two dances, and if one meets the colorist of one's photos, teachers of dancing, milliners, and dressmakers (and it is particularly embarrassing to meet the lady who knows to a penny what one's dress cost), it is a comfort to reflect, philosophically, that Melbourne is a democratic city, whose middle classes know how to dress well enough to accept invitations to Government House. Adelaide visitors had some idea of what a dusty day means in Melbourne, and the majority of people returning from the function on tramcars were very dusty sights when they got home to their suburban villas. At half-past three Lord and Lady Brassey arrived on the terrace to hand-shake the crowd. Then there was an immediate bee-line made for refreshments. Society people in the know thronged to the State dining-room, where worried-looking waiters served ices to the ladies, and something stronger to the men. Some one must have given the house steward a hint, as there was quite a M'Eacharn liberality about the liquid refreshments. The ballroom looked very bright, and was set with small tables for afternoon tea. The floor was red baized to deaden the noise of countless tramping feet. An artillery band played in the music gallery. From the balconies about the Governor's private apartments, His Ex's maid-servants stared down at the throng, and from closed windows upstairs bright eyes peeped curiously. Most of the men were elderly, and in charge of their wives, but a few dancing Johnnies had by some excuse left their offiees to join the crowd. It was positively cruel to see the state of some dresses. Chiffon sashes were mere tattered ribbons, sunshades wrecked, and every other woman's hat was bashed and blown by the wind to all sorts of ridiculous angles. Some women drove to the terrace, spoke to the Governor and Lady Brassey, and left immediately, and the crowd which usually stays on the lawns until six o'clock, had all gone at half-past five. Many people went into town for more refreshments, and as it was a very warm afternoon, there was a boom in iced coffee at the Vienna Cafe. Manager C. J. Frank's Saturday pops, were continued on Saturday at the Melb. Town Hall. Wallace Brownlow, in a nicely-fitting evening coat, was receptioned, and brought on the music of " When Bright Eyes Glance." If he had made his Melb. debut on the concert platform we should not have been so rapturous over " Hougri" of " Ma Mie Rosette." The dust of Westralia seems to have got into his voice, or perhaps Wallace was out of practice. The audience encored everything but a tenor solo and a recitation, which was splendidly given by an Englishlooking youth, named F. C. Purbrick, whom someone said "resembled Jerome K. Jerome. Miss Minnie Waugh, one of Melb.'s best young sopranos, whose voice is clear as a bell, sang "Angels Ever Bright and Fair," with hydro-carbon views of a stout-winged woman, bending over an infant, and disappearing at intervals in a ghost-like manner. A nervous tenor did not know what to do with his hands, and was smiled at by an unfeeling audience. Maggie Sterling sang well after her illness, and Walter Barker played a harp solo and all the accompaniments in musicianly style. Photo, by Fnlk, Melbourne. MR. PERCY BROUGH, Browjh Co., Melb. Photo, by FaU\ MISS MARTHEZE, Brough Co., Melb. Melbourne. 