THE SOUTHERÑ-CtiOSS. SAILS FOR THE ANTARCTIC. The Southern Cross, with her band of intrepid explorers, left Hobart on her voyage towards the South Antarctic on Saturday afternoon. It is many years since the departure of a vessel from a Tasmanian harbour, or an Australian one for that matter, has aroused such widespread interest When some years ago the contingent, left Sydney) for the Soudan, the outgoing vessel was keenly watched by thousands, but the interest on that occa- sion centred more in the departing soldiers than in the cause which dr evy thou forth A different sentiment, however, was manifested in the sitting of the Southern Cross Not withstanding the kindly) feeling evinced towards the ad venturous men who were prepared to brave of the many dangers and pi actions of an unexplored land, the greater amount on enthusiasm was displaced in the mission upon which the hardy Norsemen were embarked The difficulties and dangers attending the task devolving upon the pioneers of an unsettled land cause many a heart to lose hope before victory is achieved, but the innumer- able obstacles that beset the pathway of an exploring p arty means the abandon- ment of more than hope, lives are frequently sacrificed before the end in view is accomplished And the loss of life is not at mi) s a guarantee that the labours of an expedition will bear fruit Sir John Franklin and his faithful followers were decimated by the frigid blasts of an lay waste without attaining the end that lured them from comfort and civilisation, and others equally intrepid have paid a similar penalty without enriching the world by their trials and privations. And it is the measure of uncertainty attaching to the mission of the Southern Cross that impelled the timid to shudder, and the more courageous to reflect, when watching the vanishing outline of a vessel entering upon an enterprise of a nature that has been so prolific of disaster in the past. To reflect upon the possibilities of failure lying ahead of those on board the outgoing vessel necessarily imparted a solemnity to the farewell ceremonies. During the brief time that the leader, Mr. Box digo crank, and his Ear ty have been in Hobart, they have become most favourably known, and a large number of people were on the wharf on Saturday morning to bid the explorers farewell. All mission to the vessel was obtained by card, and many persons had secured these passports in order to be present at the farewell Church of England service held on board. Shortly after 11 o'clock, Dean Kite. Archdeacon Whitington, Canon Shoobridge, Canon Banks Smith, Canon E. T. Howell, and a surpliced choir boarded the vessel. As the choir sang the hymn, " Oh God our help in ages past, the noisy exclamations of the animated crowd become silent, and many joined in the singing. A prayer was then offered up, and followed by a Psalm, after which a lesson was read. Archdeacon Whiting- ton then delivered a short address on follows . My Brothers. This is not an occasion for much speaking. Indeed, we had not provided for any address as part of this service, so that the word or two I shall now say to you must be taken simply as our response to the strong representation made to us that something of the sort would be expected and might pi or helpful 2\. We come by direction of our Bishop, who is truly sorry not to be able to be here to day, to " wish you good luck in the name of the Lord, and we are so thankful that you feel as we certainly do -that the fitting climax to all the sympathetic interest which Tasmania has been trying to express to you lately, is that the blessing of the glorious God who .' commanded the waters " should be invoked upon this expedition before you leave this your last port of call. 3. You are going, my brothers, upon a splendid enterprise, though into a veritable unknown country ; but I want to remind you that what is unknown to man is well known to Him who " holds the waters in the hollow of His band." Every craig and ice plain of the-to us-mysterious regions for which you are setting out, is scanned by the all-seeing eye of our Omnipresent God. Well let that recollection be a strength and a stay to you 1 Remember that He has told us by the Psalmist that His way is in the sea, and His paths in the great waters" and by His prophet He said to His people of old- When thou passeth through the ' waters "I will be with thee " Do you remember how Mungo Park tells us that when he was at the point of perishing in Africa, the sight of a flower made' him think that the God who put beauty in such solitary places could never be far off, and in the strength of this conviction the great traveller struggled on to a place of safety. We pray you to keep in mind that the God of the flowers is the God of the ice and snow to which you are going. You will not forget, too, how, under the shadow of the Almighty's hand, Abram went forth into a strange land to found a great nation ; how, to the lonely Jacob in the desert was vouchsafed the vision which told him of God and the angels being at hand in the untrodden tracks of the earth; and how it was only Paul, the faithful servant of God, who could bid the terror-stricken crew to " be ofgoodcheer"inthatMediterruneanstorm. I 4. It is our common human brotherhood under the One Eternal Father which moves us thus to bid you look up to God for guidance. But we can claim a closer kinship with you. While we rejoice to note that the adventurous spirit of the old Norsemen breathes in you, their sons, we glory, too, in the memory that something of the Norse blood has passed into our veins through our English ancestors, and we are ready to testify with gladness that in the proud position of England upon the seas to-day we see the outcome of the temper which was brought to the island home of our forefathers by the men who came from the far north or Europe. It is that temper which is urging you on to the high purpose which you have set before you, and which will stimulate you in the day of difficulty by the reflec- tion that difficulties are the rocks which have ever strewn the pathway of noble achievement. Whatever may be the measure of your achievement we are confident that you will do and dare bravely, and, as my last word, I desire to give you the assurance to carry with you on this momentous voyage, that midst the many prayers which will surely follow you, we, in our beautiful English Litany, as week by week we offer it to God, will often, silently, specially commend you to him when we pray, " That it may please Thee to preserve all that travel by land or by water." Dean KITE then offered the following prayer : O Lord Jesus Christ. Whom the winds and Neasbey, Who savent Thy disciples even when Thou sternest to steep said with Thy strong right hand the commander and members of this exped tion and the captain and crew of this ship-that their toils may be blessed and they themselves guarded by Theo in all time of need, through Tby morey. Blessed Lord, Who with the Father and the Holy Ghost livest and reignest one God, world without end. Amen. The hymn " For those in peril on the sea," was next sung, and the service concluded with prayer. Dean KITE then called for three cheers for Captain Borchgrevink and his party, which were heartily given. When the vessel was leaving the wharf in the afternoon, another large crowd had assembled, who heartily cheered the explorers. The men on the Southern Cross gave three cheers for Hobart, and several shots were fired from the ship's guns as she steamed down the Derwent. The vessels in harbour dipped their flags, and the Master Warden instructed the Battery Point signalman to hoist the following signal :- Farewell, and a prosperous return." Several yachts with their crews also responding. From Government House windows were waving friendly good-byes. A large party of personal friends of the members were on board, Including the Police Magistrate of Melbourne, Mr. J. A. Panton, Miss Panton, Mr. J. J. Shillinglaw, F.R.G.S., the Norwegian Consul of Victoria, Mr. J. Gunder son. Off Sandy Bay, prior to the visitors leaving the ship, two photographs of the visitors, the leader, and the scientific staff, were taken by Mr. L.Bernacchl. The Marine Board launch Egeria then came alongside, and after a hearty good-bye, the visitors, with the exception of the Consul, Mr. Gunderson, Messrs. A. Morton, G. Steward, F. Grant, and Roderick Bernacchi, brother of one of the members of the scientific staff, left the vessel these five gentlemen, by special request of Mr. Borchgrevink, going with the vessel as far as Adventure Bay, which place, owing to strong southerly gale, was not reached till after midnight, when the anchor was dropped in the sheltered bay. The game was still blowing yesterday. The Southern Cross, when the five guests left, was riding snugly at anchor. Captain Jensen hopes to be able to take his final de partureto-day. Thosewhoaccompanicdthe ship to Adventure Bay, through the kindness of Messrs. Gray Bros., were provided with horses, and had a ride of eight miles across Bruny Island to Mills' Reef jetty, where the steamer Lottah was met at noon, reaching Hobart about 4.30. 