@fw Sast Jlipk A DETECTIVE STORY. By Lawrence L. Lynch, Author of “No Proof,” “ Moina,” &c.; Published by special arrangement with Messrs. TFarci, Lock # Go., Ltd. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVEB.] CHAPTER VII. RENUNCIATION. -T errars had predicted that notmng would be gained by the. inquest, and the result proved him, a prophet. £' Peter Kramer, the poor half-wit who had given the first clue to the where; abouts of the murdered man, was found, and his confidence won by much coaxing, and more sweets and shining pennies, the only coin which Peter would ever recog nise as such, but the result was small. Asked had he seen the teacher, the reply was, “Yep.” Asked where, “Most by Injun hill.” Asked what doing, “Settin’ down.” “ Had he heard the pistol fired ?” asked the doctor. “ Un ! Uh ! Heard nawthin.” “ And whom did you see, Peter, besides the teacher ?” Again the look of affright in the dull eyes, the arm lifted as in self- protection, and the only word they could coax from his lips was, “ Ghost!” uttered in evident fear and trembling. And this was repeated at the inquest. This, and no more, from Peter. Mrs Pry, Charles Brierly’s landlady, told how the dead man had appeared at breakfast, and her testimony did not accord with the statement of her little daughter. “ Miss Grant has told me of my little girl’s mistake,” she said. “ Mr Brierly was down-stairs unusually early that morning, and he did not look quite as well as usual. He looked worried, in fact, and ate little. He was always a small eater, and I said something about his eat ing even less than usual, and I can’t re call the exact words. Nellie, of course, did not observe the worried look, as I did, and quoted me wrong. Mr Brierly left the house at once after leaving the table. I did not think of it at first, but it came to me this morning that as he did ' not carry any books with him, he must of course have meant to come back for them, and-” She paused. “And, of course,” suggested the coro ner, “ he must have had his pistol upon his person when he came down to break fast ? Is that your meaning V “Yes, sir.” ~ The weapon, found near the dead man’s hand as it had doubt'ess fallen from it, was there in evidence, as it had been picked up with two of the chambers empty. \- That it was not a case of murder for Ehinder was proven, or so they thought, y the fact that the dead man’s watch was found upon his person; his pockets con taining a small sum of money, pencils, knives, note book, a small picture case, closed with a spring, and containing Hilda Grant’s picture, and a letter from his brother. Hilda Grant’s brief testimony did not agree with that of Mrs Fry. “She saw her lover, alive, for the last time on the evening before his death. He was in good spirits, and if there was any thing troubling him he gave no sign of it. He was by nature quiet and rather re served, ’ she said. “ Yes, she knew his habit of sometimes going to the lake shore beyond the town to practice at target-shooting, but when he did not appear at his post at nine o’clock, she never thought to send to the lake shore at first, because he usually re turned from his mormng exorcise before nine o’clock, and so her -hought had been to send to Mrs Pry’s ’ When the doctor and RoDer: er about to leave the scene of the muraor, among other instructions given to Doran had been this : “Don’t say anything in town about Mr Brierly’s arrival ; you know how curious our people are, and we would have a lot of curiosity lovers hovering around my place to see and hear and ask questions. Just caution the others, will you T Doran held an acknowledged leader ship over the men with whom he con sorted, and the group willingly preserved silence. Later, when Doctor Barnes ex plained to Ferrars how he had kept the ouripjus _ away from his door, and from Brierly, he thought the detective’s grati fication because of this rather strange, Just at first, and in excess of the cause. “ You couldn’t have done a better thing,” Ferrars had declared. “ It’s more than I had ventured to hope. Keep Brierly’s identity as close as possible un til the inquest is called, and then hold it back, and do not put him on the stand until the last.” After Mrs Fry, the boy Peter, and Hilda Grant had been questioned, Samuel Doran took the witness chair, telling of his summons from Miss Grant, of the separation of the group at the Indian Mound, of his meeting with Mrs Jamie son, of the discovery made by his two companions and of all that followed. And then Mrs Jamieson waB called. She had eutered the place accompanied by an acquaintance trora the Gleuville, and they had taken, from choice, as it seemed to them, seats in the rear of the jury, and somewhat aloof from the place where Hilda Grant, Mrs Marcy, and Mrs Fry Bat. Robert ' rierly would have taken his place beside Hilda, but the detective interposed. “Owing to the precautions of the doc tor and Mr Doran, the fact of your re lationship has not leaked out. It appears that Mth Fry was not informed of your •oming until the evening before, or Thursday evening, and she seems to be a very discreet woman. After the inquest you will be free to devote yourself to Miss Grant. Until then, it is my whim, if you like, to keep you incog.” Of course Brierly acquiesced, but more than once he found himself wondering why this should seem to Ferrars needful. Mrs Jamieson came quietly to the wit nesses’ chair, and took her place. There was a little stir as she came forward, for, while she had been for some weeks lr Glenville, and had driven much about its country roads and lanes, she had gone for the most part, more or less closely veiled in fleecy gauzes of black or white Afoot she was seldom seen beyond th( grounds about the family hotel. To-day, however, the lady had chosei to wear a Parisian looking gown of dul black silk and a tiny capote of the sami material rested upon her blonde an< abundant hair, while only the filmiest o white illusion veiled, but did not hide .the pretty face from which the blue eye looked out and about her, gravely bu with perfect self-possession. She told of her morning drive, am while so doing, Ferrars, sitting a little ii the rear of the coroner, slipped into hi palm a small card closely written upoi both sides. Upon one side was written “ Use these as random shots.” And when she spoke of the man whor she had seen going into the wood nea the mound, th$ doctor interposed his fin question. ‘ ‘ Can you describe the person at all ? His dress, his bearing ?” “Not distinctly,” she replied. “He was going from me, and his face, of course, I could not see. In fact, as I have before stated, my pony was fresh, and required my attention Besides, there was really no reason why I should look a second time at the back of a strange person whom I passed at some little dis tance. As I seem to recall the figure now, it was that of a rather tall, fair haired man. I can say no more.” “ And at what hour was this ?” “It must have been nearing eight o’clock, I fancy, although being out for pleasure I took little notice of 'the hour.” No further' interruptions were made until she had finished the story of the morning’s experience of her meeting with Doran and the others, of the drive to the village, and of her message'to Miss Grant “ Did you know Miss Grant V’ “ Only as I had seen her at church, and upon the street or .in the school yard.^ We had never met, prior to that morning.” “ And Charles Brierly 1 Did you know him ?” “ Only by sight. I know few people in Glenville outside of my ho—of the Glenville House.” Both the doctor and Ferrara noted the unfinished word bro'cen off at the first syllable To the one it was a riddle ; to the other it told something which he might find useful later on. “ Mrs Jamieson,” resumed the coroner, after consulting the detective’s card, “how far did you drive yesterday before you turned about upon the wood road ?” For a moment the lady seemed to be questioning her memory. Then she re plied. “The distance in miles, or fractions of miles, I could not give. I turned the pony about, 1 remember, at a place where the road curves toward the lake, at the old mill, near, the opening of the wood.” “ Ah, then you could see, of course, for some distance up and down the lake shore 1” “ I could !” There was a hint of surprise in her coldly courteous reply. l' And at that point did you see any thing, any one in the wood, or along the lake ?” “ I certainly saw no person. But—yes, I do remember that there was a boat at the water’s edge, not far from the place where I turned homeward. It was a little beyond, or north of me.” “ Did you observe whether there were oars in the boat ?” “I saw none, 1 am quite sure,” the lady replied, and this ended her part iu the inquiry. But now there were some youthful, eager and valuable new witnesses, and their combined testimony amounted to this : 'A hen the body of their beloved teacher had been brought home and the first hour of excitement had passed, three boys, who had been among Charles Brierly’s brightest and most mischief loving and adventurous pupils, had set out, a full hour in advance of the elder exploring party, and had followed the lake shore and the wood road, one closely skirting the lake shore, another running through the sparse timber and under growth about half way up the shallow slope, and the third trotting down the road beyond ; the three keeping pretty nearly parallel until the discovery, by the lad upon the shore of the boat drawn out of the water, and iu the shade of a tree. This had brought the others down to the lake and then caused them to go hastily back. Meeting the party of men, who were not far behind them, the boys liad turned back with them, and now there was a crowd of witnesses to corroborate the story of the boat. It stood, they all affirmed, in' the shade of a spreading tree, so as that no sun rays had beaten upon it, and its sides were still damp from recent contact with the water, while it stood entirely upon the land. Two oars, also showing signs of contact with the lake, were in the little boat, blade ends down, and it was evident that its late occupant had dis embarked in haste, for, while the stake by which the boat had been secured stood scarcely three feet away, and the chain and padlock lay over “the edge of the little craft, there had been no effort to secure it, and the oars had the look of having been hastily shipped and left thus without further care. When the matter of the boat had been fully investigated, the coroner and Fer rars conferred together for some mo ments, and during these moments Mrs Jamieson aud her companion exchanged some whispered words. Through some mistake, it would seem, these two had been given places which, while aloof from the strange men, and almost in the rear of the jurors, brought them facing the open door of the inner room, where, in full view, the shrouded body of the murdered man lay, and from the first the eyes of the t t o seemed he'd and fascinated by the sight of the long, still figure outlined under the white covering. “ Is it possible,” whispered the lady witness,-“ that we must sit here until the end, face to face with that!” She was trembling slightly, as she spoke. “ It is making me nervous.” “ And no wonder,” murmured her friend. “ tiut it must be almost over. I —I confess to some curiosity. This is such a new and unusual sensation, to be here, you know.” “ Ugh ! ’ Mrs Jamieson turned away, for the coroner was speaking ‘‘There is one point,” he said, “upon which our witnesses differ, and that is the mental condition of the deceased during the twenty-four hours preceding his death. Another witness will now speak upon this matter Mr Robert Brierly, the brother of Charles Brierly, will now testify.” As Mr Robert Brierly came out from the rather secluded place he had hereto fore occupied, at the suggestion of the detective, all eyes were fixed upon him. There could be no doubt of his relation ship to the deceased. It was the same face, but darker and stronger ; the same tall form, but broader and more athletic. The eyes of this man were darker and more resolute than those of his dead brother; his hair was browner, too, and where the face of the one had been full of kindliness and gentle dignity, that of this other was strong, spirited and resolute. But, beyond a doubt, these two were brothers. There was a stir as Brierly made his l way forward, paused before the coroner [ an(i faced the jury ; and then, as his eyes . fell upon the two figures in the rear of [ that body, he made a sudden step for ^ ward. “ Doctor !” he called quickly, “ you are ’ needed here ! A lady has famted 1” t For a moment all was forgotten, save the white face that had fallen back upon l her friend’s shoulder, and that seemed L even whiter because of the black gar 3 ments, and beneath the halo of fair x blonde hair. , “It was that,” explained the friend, who proved to be a Mrs Arthur, pointing 1 toward the shrouded figure in the inner r room. “She has been growing more t and more nervous for some time.” I Robert Brierly was the first at h#r side, but, as the doctor took his place and he drew back a pace, a hand touched his arm. “ Step aside,” whispered Ferrars, “ where she cannot see you.” And with out comprehending but answering a look in the detective’s eye, he obeyed. Mrs Jamieson did not at once recover, and the doctor and Ferrars carried her across the hall and into the room lately occupied by Brierly. As Mrs Arthur followed them, it seemed to her that the detective, whom of course she did not know as such, was assuming the leader ship, and that half a dozen quick words were spoken by him to the doctor, across her friend’s drooping head. “ She must be removed immediately,” said the doctor a moment after. “ Let some one find a carriage or phaeton at once.” Then, as Ferrars did not .move from his place beside the bed where they .■■hadi'placed the unconscious woman, he strode to the chamber door, said a word or two to Doran, who had followed them as far as the door, and came back to his place beside the bed. Before Mrs Jamieson had opened her eyes a low wagonette was at the door, and when the lady became conscious and had been raised and given. a stimulating draught, she was lifted again by Ferrars and Doctor Barnes and carried to the waiting vehicle, followed by Mrs Arthur. “Kindly take the place beside the driver, madam,” directed the doctor. “ My friend will go with the lady and assist her ; it will be best. It is possible that she may faint again.” And so they drove away, Mrs Arthur beside Doran, the driver ; and Mrs Jamieson, still pallid and tremulous, leaning upon the supporting shoulders of Ferrars, silent and with closed eyes. As. he lifted her from the wagon ette, and assisted her up the steps, and within the door, however, the lady Beamed to recover herself with an effort. She had crossed the threshold supported by Ferrars on the one side, and leaning upon her friend’s arm upon the other, and at the door of the reception room she turned, saying faintly— “ Let me rest here first. Before we go upstairs, I mean.” Then, withdrawing her hand from her friend’s arm, she seemed to-steady herself, and standing more erect, turned to Ferrars. “1 must not trouble you longer, now, sir. You have been most kind.” Her voice faltered, she paused a moment, and then held out her hand. “ I should like very much to hear the outcome,” she hesitated. “ With your permission,” the detective replied quickly, “ I will call to ask after your welfare, and to inform you if I can.” He turned to go but she made a move ment toward him. “That poor girl,” she said, “I pity her so. Do you know her well, sir ?” She was quite herself now, but her voice was still weak and tremulous. “ You have not heard, I see, that she is my cousin.” “No. 1 would like to call upon her. Will you ask her if I may ?” He nodded and she added quickly, “ And call, if you please, to-morrow.” Robert Brierly told his story almost without interruption ; all that he knew of his brother’s life in the village ; of his coming earlier than he was expected, and of his firm belief that his brother had been made the victim of foul play. Possibly killed by mistake, because of some fancied resemblance ; for his life, which had been like an open book to all his friends, held no secrets, no “ episodes,” and. enemies he never had one. In short, he could throw no light upon the mystery of his brother’s death. Rather, his story made that death seem more mysterious than at first because of the possibilities that it rendered at least probable. But this evidence had its effect upon a somewhat bucolic jury. That Charles Brierly had been shot by another hand than his own had been very c'early de monstrated, for his brother would have no doubt whatever left upon this point; while he little knew how much the judi cious whispers and hints uttered in the right places, and with apparent intent of confidence and secrecy, had to do with the shaping of the verdict, which was as fellows— “We, the jury, find that the deceased, Charles Brierly, died from a bullet wound, fired, according to our belief, by mistake or accident, and at the hands of some person unknown.” And now came the question of proof. “ It must be cleared up, ’ said Robert Brierly to the detective. “ I am not a rich man, Mr Ferrars but all that I have shall be spent at need to bring the truth to light. For I can never rest until I have learned it. It is my duty to my dead brother, father, mother—all.” And late that night, alone in his room he looked out upon the stars hung low upon the eastern horizon and mur mured— “ Ah, Ruth, Ruth, we were far enough asunder before, and now —Ah, it was well to have left you your freedom, for now the gulf is widening ; it may soon, it will soon be impassable.” And he sighed heavily, as a strong man sighs when the tears are very near his eyes and the pain close to his heart. 