DAYS OF DANGER. fcOPYRIGHT.l Thrilling Narratives of the Bnshranging Times. Keenan's Ghost. * BY CAPTAIN LACIE. IN FIVE PARTS. ? *-M ? PERIOD, 1846. ? M I PART TIE. The depot of Edwards' party wa« on ihe Mersey River, some thirty miles from Mount Valentine, and in four days this was reached, and the chief sent in his report. He carefully omitted all refer ence to the phantom, for lie was aware the authorities did not include ghosts, spectres, or even fairies — unless atage ,,ties — as coining within the official list of exemptions from duty. . The health of the party, so the report stated, was beginning to suffer, and as a large quantity of work had already been accomplished, Evan Edwards claimed for hits party a spell in ihe more settled parts, for the place he left was quite un settled. It might be added here that ? the request was granted', and never again did the men visit the wild regjon they, quitted, on duty. The Gnding of the skeleton was, of course, the raoBt important communica tion which had to be made to the authorities, and it was deemed bo queer that an exhaustive written statement and the photogr-iph were forwarded to Hobart Town, where they went before the police. The photo, was at ouoe recognised as that of a brutal wife murderer named JeUBen, a settler on the Norfolk Plains. The tragedy had occurred nearly four years previously, and the culprit had never been brought to justice. It was three dayerafter the crime was discovered, and as all the facts pointed clearly to the husband being the perpetrator, a close and vigorous quest was made for him, but he had disappeared as completely as . if the earth had opened and swallowed him. A whaling vessel had left Hobart Town about twenty-four bourB after the deed was committed, and the police authorities were convinced, as their search in the colony was fruitless, that Jensen had been fortunate enough to get away in the ship. Efforts were made to have the craft searched at her port of arrival, but as there were no cables in fchoBe days the attempt proved quite abortive, and the memory of Jensen's crime was qnjte forgotten. Now it was unexpectedly revived, and in a manner trhioh left no doubt in the minds of th« high officials that the murderer had never left the colony, but had fled to the furthest western regions, and there perished miserably. It was quite likely that the man would either take or destroy his likeness if only from prudential reasons, as if it fell into the . hands of the police they would re produce it, and, sending it to different parts, assist in his detention. Fie might have had a special reason in desiring its preservation, and that would seem to be bo from the oare he took in saving it. That was the common view held, and that be had perished was now beyond all shadow of doubt. That much was solved, yet there was one point which remained ^l^lS^SIhlSdy of ^ ^^;v^iiol|n^«in%buttea, and as a boat i;S?Jvr;»!Sioh'.:i1h'eyifc4uently U8ed was dis ;?-??? ' covered overturned some days previously, : there was every reason to believe that . -the two men had met a watery grave. The body of Worrall wbb never found. It was only the revival of the tragic story of Jensen's crime which resurrected from the grave of memory the strange '-fate which had befallen the two men — Duffy and Worrall — but beyond a few passing allusions to it, there was little gossip. It was different in Jensen's affair. The newspapers of the day took the subject up, and it afforded an exoel lent theme to harp on for some weeks. 'Murder will out,' and 'The Curse of : Gain,' were some of the titles which the writers used in dealing with the subject, . but the nine days' wonder was soon over, and gradually the memory of JenBen's crime and his fate faded from the public mind. Providence had stepped in and dealt out justioe to the murderer when human effort was in vain. A second survey party was at once despatched to take up the work unfinished by Edwards. This was under the control of a man named William Considine, and hb it would not be polite on the part of Edwards and his men to try and frighten off their unevied successors, they said nothing on the question of ghosts. The story of the skeleton was of course public property, but it waB not an uncommon . occurrence to unearth human remains in the bush, and Considine and hia four men were not at all moved at the thought of working. in a district where the bones of a wretched mortal had been discovered. A fortnight from the time Edwards left ' the haunted spot as he Imagined, Oon sidine took up the same email clearing near the big tree for his camp. This was quick work, but it bo happened that when Edwards arrived at the depot, Considine and hia party' were already equipped to go whither the district sur veyor wished to send them. Of course, the first spot of interest to the newcomers was the grave, and they viewed it with more than usual oare, for \- it marked 'the last resttng-plaoe of a desperate scoundrel' and one who must have been possessed of no common courage, skill, and endurance to reach the locality where his bones were found. It was not reported that he had ever \- committed any robberies or assaults in order to obtain food for the hundred miles or more of rough oountry whioh he must have traversed, and if he kept the Lake District, or. even, further west, it . was -marvellous how he had managed to live. Oonsidine and his men knew, full well the perils of such travel, and they . . concluded that although he must have ?started away with a good equipment of food and stores, most remarkable courage and perseverance was shown by him. On the 29th May, Oonsidine and party; arrived at the 'Grave Tree,' and nekt' day active operations were continued. The chief was one who believed that it was most advisable to keep the camp weH supplied with freBh meat if possible, and there was a man continually told off with the gun for the purpose of securing '?-. wild fowl, kangaroo, or such other animals as might be suitable for food. The reports of gun-shots sounded fre- ' quently during the day, and they helped to give a more civilised tone — if such may be said— to the wild district. A week after the arrival of the party, Graham, the cook, who was always left in camp, reported that the beef-barrel vra» getting low, and in face of the fact that ?o much fresh meat was used, this was somewhat puzzling. ' Did you weigh it at the depot when it was handed over V asked Oonsidine, ' No, sir. It was given to me as two hundredweight nett by the storeman, and 1 took that as being correct. It ap peared to be quite that when we placed it in the waggon.' Oonsidine, it might be stated, had managed to bring a waggon into the rugged district. This was due 10 Evan Edwards, who reported that there was a fairly practicable route, which he kindly sketched out for him. This waggon proved very handy, but there was every likelihood that it would have to be aban doned as they went further on. Of course it could be picked up again on the return. ' Well, there couldn't have been that amount in it. We haven't eaten much since our arrival. How long will it laBt under the present circumstances ?' asked Ccnsidine. * Not more than a fortnight,' was the answer. The chief went away muttering male dictions on the heads of the survey con tractors for their supposed dexterity in cheating, and vowing he would have everything weighed under his own eyeB in future. 01 course, everything was charged against the oamp, and the more that was consumed the less money there was to draw when the party returned. Two days later the cook, who was also storeman, had an even worse tale to tell, and one that caused no little commotion and mystification inthe camp. A pair of boots and a whole suit of clothes were miBsing from the waggon, and there was evidence that the biscuit- barrel had been tampered with. The question at once arose, ' Which of the party could have been guilty of so dispicable an act, and what earthly reason was there for the theft?' Considine called his men together and told them what had happened. He did not for an instant suspect aDy of them of the theft. They had been with him almost continuously for two years, and were most trustworthy fellows. He wanted their advice, but they had little tu give. * If it was only a mere matter of the food going I should say there was a vagabond aboriginal prowling about, but blacks don't run away with strong boots and clothing. That is where the mystery comeB in, and yet there must be some explanation for the^affair,' spoke the leader. ' Are yon sure the articles were not lost on the journey?' asked one of the men. ' Tea, quite certain ; for I only took them out of the chest yesterday. They were hanging up in the waggon, and you .might have seen them for yourself. Besides, I've noticed little bite of food disappeat the same way. There was that half-eaten duck yesterday. I oouldn't find it when I wanted it,' answered Graham. * Oh, some animal might have carried that away. I wouldn't think much of that,' replied the first speaker. ' We must make a thorough search in the morning around this place and see if there is anything that will assist us to discover the thief, who, in my opinion, must be white and not black. We may drop on some tracks .that anay put us on the BBont. Tn TihftjnamitimnJjt-nriM-tie ^Mid^utiiju'tnothing occurred to dis turb the harmony of the camp. In the morning a close search was begun, but it proved quite fruitless. The tracks of horses and men were numerous, but there was no distinguishing whether they were those of friends or foes. Some of them had probably been made by Edwards and his men, and others by the present party ; so after a couple of hours search the quest was abandoned -as useless. On leaving the camp strict instructions were given Graham to keep a keen watch, for it was almost certain the previous robberies bad been carried out during the day. A further precaution was taken in removing the waggon from the edge of the scrub to the centre of theclearing. In fact, that step should have been taken at first, though, of course, no one even (suspected that there was as much as an aboriginal in the locality. Each man, including the cook, carried a revolver, and they would not have hesitated to use them on any intruder whom they sus pected of pillaging intentions. On the second day after this event Mesley, the man usually entrusted with the task of obtaining game, came baok to the camp a couple of hours after he had left it and excitedly asked where Mr. Oonsidine was. * Right ahead in the brack, Tom. What have you found? You look regular skeared,' Graham asked. ' Well, I've found another camp. Bill', and not a great distance from here. I just stumbled on it when chasing a wounded wallaby, and my word -it's a snug place. I believe we're going to make a queer discovery, for it seems to me like a white man's caboose. 1 cleared out in a hurry, for I thought every moment a gorilla or something else might come along. I must go at once and see Ooneidine,' answered the huntsman. * Gorilla be blowed. There ain't no gorillas about here, but I expert' you'll nab the fellow that's been stealing our things. We'll make it botfor him, Tom,' replied Graham. The latter scarcely beard the cook's remarks, for he was hurrying along the track to see Considine, and in a quarter of an hour he returned with the whole patty. The chief regarded the news as serious, for he armed all the men, and leaving one with Graham, in company with the other two he started under Wesley's guidance for the spot which had so startled the latter. The route taken was due north from the oamp and towards the densely wooded peak of Mount Valentine. The country was exceedingly- tough, for not only were the creeping plants in vigorous luxuriance but huge masses of rock (all granite at times) blocked the way. These piles were much worn, and the decay of ages was moat apparent. In some places moder ately sized trees grew on the rocks, for the tops, had crumbled away and mixed with earth. Occasionally narrow gullies intersected the sides, and it was to one of these which Mesley led his comrades. ' -The entrance waB overgrown with banri vine, and in almost total darkneBs the three men went along beside a babbling brook which wended its course from the monntninside to the adjacent river. After about a hundred yards the scrub ceased and 'he sunlight poured down, revealing » magnificent scene. The side* of the glen had become transformed into walls of rock which gradually roBe iu a slope until they were not leBB than one hundred feel on either eide. They did not go up sheer, but in a series of gigantic steps, which gave the place a most unique appearance. The centre of the glen waB covered with vegetation, which relieved the eye. The scrub gave place to tree-ferns, musk, laurel, and other pleasant-looking growths, and it was evident that the inhabitant of the placa (whoever he or she was) must hnve had an eye to beauty as well as comfort when the glen was selected as an abode. * You must be careful now. The ' den ' is only a hundred yards away in yonder hollow,' spoke Meeley, pointing to a small recess in front. At this point the party found that by Borne convulsion of nature a huge ' bite ' had been taken out of the rock walls to a depth of about twenty feet. The re cess made waB semi-circular, and Buch as might be made by the bite of some diabolic mouth. Fern-trees had grown in front in such a way as almost to form a natural barrier. The trunks were only a few feet apart, whiUt above the branches interlaced in a beautiful manner. Wild musk, sarsaparilla, and other pleasing shrubs grew between, and there was only one well-defined passage which the first glance showed had been often used by manor the lower animals. *The wounded wallaby got through there, and that's how I found the place,' 'whispered Mesley as they silently and cautiously went on looking to see that their weapons were. in order, ' How do you know that only one person lives here ?' asked the chief as they neared the spot. ' There is only one small bunk so far as I could see. That's all I go by. There may be half a dozen if I'm wrong in tliat ?respect,' replied Mesley. ' Well, if bo, they cannot be white men, so that we have little to fear. Let ub go right in. Perhaps. the tenant has not returned yet,' said Considine. Passing through the aperture of the natural rampart a queer scene met the eye. There was a ledge of granite about ten feet in height and quite flat on top. It was fully twenty feet Bquare and was approached by two or three rough steps partly formed by nature and partly artificial. On the mount was erected a small hut, though in fact there was little need for it, as the rocks above nnd around formed a natural shelter. Clambering up on the small platean, Considine was followed by the two men, and it was ap parent the occupant had not returned, as there was no resistance offered and no visible presence. On one side of the ledge a fort of natural fire-place was formed, and it had every indication of having been UBed for a long time. Some unburnt fuel was still piled in a corner ready for use. Approaching the hut the examination was continued. The place was fairly well lighted, for tlie Bun was streaming down upon the place, and the men were enabled to get a clear view of the interior. At the end was a small bunk about six feet long by three broad, and it waB plentifully supplied with the Bkinu of kangaroo, wallaby, oppossum, and other animals. Several rough spears were standing in one corner, whilst a fur cap was hanging from a peg in the wall. A Bniall piece of corned beef was lying on a moat ingenuiously-made stone-plate, which had been laboriously fashioned from a slab of granite. In a corner of the room waB a large hollow stone like a basin, and it was quite likely that 'the occupant used that for boiling water-»nd cooking meat when obtained. 1 That corned feeef 6nghJ6to-:J-e;TeyiP. zdence aganiRtr^tms feUow^»fcfi«w-«**fc mnir tn hut *^-»*f=MID*Tlow. you ^fc«S^» Soxio*cloBion that the tenant is a white man. A blackfellow might have just Buch a place,' said Considine. ' Gome out here and I'll show you,' answered Mealey, who had evidently taken a much closer survey of the place on his first visit than he stated. * Look there,' be went on as he led ibem to the face of the granite cliff near the baok of the hut-; ' blaokfellowa don't write like that, do they ?' As he spoke he pointed to the cliff, and with unfeigned surprise the men read the following, roughly but deeply out out of the rock : ' Gael Jensen. ' 1 Jensen 1 Jensen 1 Where did I hear that name ? Why, that's the name of that murderer whose body— or skeleton — was found at the big tree yonder by Evan EdwardB's party. It's queer, cer tainly. The fellow muBt have lived here. The thought makos me shiver,' remarked Considiue in wonder. \- But who lives here now ? That's what I want to know,' asked Mesley. ' No one so far as I can see. The place may not have been inhabited since Jensen died. You see it is bo well pro tected here that the hut would remain in itB usual state for a long time,' replied Oonsidine. 1 But the corned beef hasn't been here since Jensen's death, which h supposed to have taken place about three years ago, and that fire there was alight less than a week ago,' persisted Metiley. ' I had forgotten all about the beef. I suppose it muBt be an aboriginal who has found the retreat. It is a real nice little nook and no mistake. If I had to live in the wilderness myself I shouldn't mind juBt such a spot,' Considine said. /- * My opinion ib that a white man or two is still about here. You said a few days ago that blacks did not steal boots and clothes, and I agree with that. Then who took our boots and clothes T asked Mesley. ' How can I answer such a question . There is, of course, a mystery about the whole thing ' 'whiobT time alone' may answer. In the meantime we will set a watch and try and find the secret for ourselves. It may come sooner than we think. If there is a wild white man in the locality it is our duty to discover all we can about him and let the authorities know. We will station two men here for a few days. I and Jack will remain till to- morrow morning if you'll bring us up a little food. You can stay also, and tell them at the camp to keep a sharp look out, for the fellow may try to carry off more stores. He must be running out of provisions by this time,' observed Con eidina. To Be Continued. 