Benefit to Mr T. Wallace. On Wednesday evening (Show night) the members of the Petersburg Dramatic and Musical Society tendered a complimentary benefit to Mr T. Wallace, in recognition of the valuable services rendered by him to the Society during the past seven years. During this period Mr Wallace has proved himself to be a most active and versatile member of the club, and so thoroughly has he ingratiated himself into the favor of the amusement loving public that any caste of characters now seems incomplete without his name—indeed, he may be regarded almost as indispensable to the Society as the ghost to the production of Hamlet. Mr Wallace came to Petersburg with an established reputation from Naracoorte, where he had been the life and soul of the local Dramatic Society, including as it did, some of the best talent in the south-east. From the first it was seen that Petersburg had secured a prize, and his arrival marked a new era in local amateur dramatics. During the years that have passed Mr Wallace has never spared himself, and many philanthropic movements have been largely helped along by his efforts. The benefit tendered on this occasion was therefore a graceful compliment on the part of his fellow Thespians whilst the splendid house showed that the society's action met popular approval. The bill of fare provided for the evening's amusement was the serio-comic drama, in two acts, entitled, " Old Phil's Birthday," with Mr Wallace as "Phil." Good judgment had been shown in the selection of the caste which was as follows:—Mr Hardress (a merchant), Mr R. W. Goudie; Lionel (his son), Mr E. Rudland; Phil Stapleton (porter), Mr T. Wallace; Frank Stapleton (his son), Mr J. G. Pickett; Marion Hardress, Miss Annie Howard; Blanche Howard, Miss Ethel Staer. The piece was well staged and mounted from start to finish and the audience followed the plot with keen interest. Mr Wallace as the faithful old servant of 45 years' standing, looked and acted the part to perfection, and though there was in the role undertaken little scope for the comic element in which he so excels, the many pathetic incidents showed that he possesses a vein of pathos of no mean order. His pride in the old-established house of Hardress, his grief and horror at the apparent signs of his son's guilt, his own sacrifice to save his son, and his determination at all costs to preserve the honor of the firm, were admirably portrayed, and, if such were needed, gave further proof of his versatility. Miss Annie Howard, who took the part of Marion Hardress, like Mr Wallace, is a most valued member of the Society. Unlike him, however, her experience has mainly been gained on the local stage, and if the local Dramatic Society has done no more than to bring out this very promising young lady, it has more than justified its existence. Her interpretation of the important part allotted to her absolutely disarms criticism. She is undoubtedly a born actress, and the most fastidious would have found it difficult to particularise anything amateurish in her presentment. From first to last she threw herself into the part with a grace and abandon that fairly carried the audience with her, and at no time was there a vestige of that stiffness which so many amateurs, and not a few professionals, find it hard to altogether banish. Her elocution is all that could be desired and there is a style and finish about her acting seldom met with on the provincial stage. Miss Ethel Starr's duties as Blanche Howard, were comparatively, light. Her manner is self-possessed, and like Miss Howard she is fortunately not the victim of stage nervousness. If we were inclined to criticise we might perhaps say that it would be well for her to put more life— more vim—into her acting. The pleasure of the audience is greatly enhanced when the performers really look as if they mean what they are doing and saying. Mr E. Rudland ably portrayed the erring, weak and irresolute Lionel Hardress. Mr J. G. Pickett as Frank Stapleton was allotted a somewhat difficult part of which he made the most, albeit a slight stillness—in this connection it is however only fair to rem- - ember that the necessities of the role called for considerable restraint. Mr R. W. Goudie whose get up as the head of the old established firm of Hardress was exceed- ingly good, took the part with ease and deliberation. Though he has for long carried out the duties of Secretary, it is only his second appearance on the local stage. The orchestra, under the efficient leadership of Mr C. Betteridge (violin), comprised Miss Bowley (piano), Mr Kitson (clarionet), Mr Wright (euphonium). Several selections were rendered during the evening very creditably, and the society is greatly indebted to Mr Betteridge who takes such an interest in musical matters. The Petersburg brass band also rendered their assistance to the evening's attraction and discoursed sweet music in front of the hall previous to the entertainment. The duties of stage manager were ably carried out by Mr S. Kealley, whilst Mr P. Lancaster acted in the capacity of secretary during the evening. After the entertainment a dance in connection with the local Iolanthe Quadrille class was held and was largely attended. 