THE HON. E. BAETON AT AEMIDALE. On Wednesday evening last the Armidale Town Hall was crowded with an attentive audience, when the Hon. E. Barton deli vered an address on federation. Owing to the unavoidable absence of the Mayor, the chair was taken by Mr. C. 6. Wilson, ex Mayor, the following gentlemen also being on the platform:—Dean O'Connor, Bev. L. Nye, Drs. Wigan and Samuelson, and Messrs. Parker (P.M.), Drew, Scholes, Dight, B. Bichardson. <3\. H. Greene, M.L.A., J. T. Walker, Armstrong, G. Smith, J. Eiekham, and Sailings. Among the audience were a large number of ladies, and the proceedings were of a most orderly character. There was very little enthu siasm amongst the audience during Mr. Barton's explanations of the bilLand his answers to his critics, but he roused them to a high pitch by his peroration, and the vote taken in favour of the bill was de clared carried with only twelve dissen tients. Mr. Barton took the bill and went through tbe main clauses, giving a concise explanation of them, and also dealt seria tim with the objections of those opposed to the measure, but as most of tbe arguments and explanations have already been given by other speakers at Armidale, a brief re snme of the speech will suffice on this occasion. The Chairman, in introducing the speaker, referred to Mr. Barton as one of the foremost men in the political rank of New South Wales, and who was bound to go down to posterity as one of its bright est stars. Whether they were for or against the bill, he was pleased to see so many present. He felt sure the desire of all was to do the best for New South Wales and the Australian colonies as a whole, therefore it was necessary, that both sides of the question be beard. Mr. Barton, who was received with pro longed cheering, said that he bad been so kindly received by Armidale audiences on , previous visits to the town that he felt sure .the same consideration would be shown him on tbe present occasion. .He , said that a certain section of the press in Sydney and the country districts, and also some of the opponents, had attacked the | bill with great virulence, there being an absence of that high moral stand and fair- , nesB in their utterances which goes far to j condemn those who raise the opposition, j i A nnmber of tbe arguments bronght for- ' ward against the bill did not deal with the bill itself, therefore be only intended to j answer those which were to be found in ! the measure. Though the Government , had undertaken to supply all the electors with copies of the bill, he found that a great many did not get them, and he had i arranged to distribute them wherever he | went and had a number with him that i night for those who had not yet received a i I copy. A number of people, he said, who : had not read the bill, were led away by a section of the presB that opposed it; but he was confident that if they would only read it for themselves they would be sur prised at the statements made by the opponents, and tbat nine out of every ten would vote in favour of it. Speak ing of the constitution of the federal convention, he said each colony was equally represented, and it was neces sary that they should be, as they were all endowed with equal responsibilities under their constitution, therefore he argued that if the principle of equal repre sentation was necessary at the convention it was also necessary tbat at least one House in the Federal Parliament shonld have equal representation. If the public agree with the Premier then they must at least have equal representation in one House, and if they do not get federation now they would lose it for all time. The argument raised that if Queensland cannot | come in they could not have federation j was as mnch as to say that she would rale the roast—they did not want that. He ridiculed the statement made by Mr. Want that it was a hide-bound, unalterable con stitution, as that gentleman bad since said tbat if the bill passed it would be amended in six months. . Yet they said that tbe constitution could not be altered. Re ferring to the growing feeling in Queens land in favour of federation, he said tbat the Brisbane Courier. the leading paper, and one that voiced the Ministry, was in favour of federation on the lines of the bill, and all the evidence went to show that Queensland would have no other. Dealing with the forms of federation pro posed, he condemned the loose, free, and easy style of the Federal Council, and did not approve of the scheme of unification, as it had been a failure in the early days of the colony and had led to the several colonies seceding from the mother colony. ] Federation was a mean between the two extremes, preserving certain legislative function b to the States and leaving to the Commonwealth the affairs of the nation. ! The Constitution Bill was the one which he could recommend to the people of New South Wales to accept. Mr. Ashton had said that this hide-bound and unalterable constitution could only be amended at the point of the bayonet, but he pointed out that the constitution of the United States, which was a very severe one, had been amended on several vital points. He did not believe in making a constitution that was easily altered or amendedthey must provide that it could only be done after mature reflection by those directly inter ested. He argued that the bill was the most democratic of its kind ever submitted to the people, both Houses being elected, and on the principle of one man one vote.. He said that the socialists. were allied to the geebusg conservatives of Sydney with a view to defeating the bill; tbe latter came down with their money to keep the opposition going- He dwelt at length on the rales for deadlocks, and contended that tbe larger States had two more than the requisite majority in a conference of both Houses. He said it was perfect nonsense to say that they had not majority rule, and referred to the ghost stories and bogies raised by the opponents to frighten the people. Speaking of the customs, be said it would be idle to think of federating unless they had one customs law for them all, as they conld not have a federation with border barriers—there must he inter colonial freetrade. He said that none of the State railways would be allowed to charge preferential rates to attract the traffic from other States, and denied that the inter-State Commission was proposed by the smaller States—in fact, he said Victoria was opposed to it, and it was con stituted on the initiative of New South Wales. Dealing with the rivers, he said that if tbey gave the inter- State Commis sion power over trade and commerce they must give them power over the rivers for traffic, and he would remind them tbat the traffic on the rivers would not be all belonging to other colonies, but would be the produce of our own people. He dealt at length with the financial aspect of the question, and contended that the Federal Finance Committee bad completely de molished Mr. Coghlan's statistics, and had upheld those of Sir George Turner. He said that Mr. Lyne was the only one who voted for " Braddon's Blot," yet he was the first to speak against it. He went throngh the figures in detail, and said that the amount required for the Federal Parliament would he £380,000, which amount Mr. J. T. Walker was convinced could be brought down to £300,000, being a taxation of Is. lOd. per head per annum. He also re minded them that power was given to the Commonwealth to levy direct taxation, therefore it. did not follow that the whole of the revenue would be raised by the cus. toms; a portion might be raised from cus toms and a portion from some other form. In answer to a question, be said that there would be a Governor-General for the Com monwealth, and it would rest with the States to decide if they will continue to keep up their Government houses and the number of members to their Parliaments. Alluding to majority rule again, he said he marvelled at the audacious effrontery of some of those who were opposing the bill, and said that if the constitution was to be called an iron-bound one, they had cast iron cheek in their mode of defence. He said it was of the utmost moment that they all vote, and that they canjj^ the principle into effect. Id ^conclusion v-he referred to the irecent speeches irtue %3^;^rd^s.lis.itjS bury and Mr.^Chamberlain',''and said that it was better'for the colonies to be rea'dy to take thgj£, place am ongst' the rest of the empire than, to wait until danger was at our shores- (Bond and prolonged ap plause.) Mr. Barton then called for a show of bands in favonr of the Constitu tion Bill, which was declared to have only twelve dissentients. A vote of thanks, proposed by Mr. B. Ri chardson and seconded by Mr. Drew, was carried amid applause, and cheers were given for Mr. Barton, the Constitution Bill, and the Queen, and the meeting ter minated. 