15QUIRK J HN9 OR' FOR THE LOVE OF A BONNIE SCOTCH LASSIE. By ST. GEORGE RATHBOItNE. Author of "Under Egyptian Skies,'' "Miss Pauline of New York," Etc. CHAPTER XIV.-THE DIAN WHO OWNED THE ENGINE. The information which Smithers-poor dejected Smlthers--conveys in such a melancholy manner is certainly amaz ing and terrible enough to daunt the stoutest heart. Jack stares at the other-he even re pieats the words Smithers has used. Fiv e minutes too late, and the special train, laden with Spanish soldiers, has gone to destruction. Before his eyes, as plain as day, he can see the awful wreck, the dead and the dying, and among them, oh, hor aors! the lovely form of his Highland lasels, the girl he loves. " No wonder Jack feels for one brief moment as though paralysed. The reaction comes. Instead of a dead ly chill, he has a burning sensation pass bver his' whole frame, and experiences -ln earnest, furious desire to do some thing in order to save her from this .fearful fate. \- Smithers is endeavoring to collect his senses-Smithers, who has, under almost every condition, shown such wonderful :ierve, seems broken, up . by this decree of Pate. .And while Ohe thinks Jack acts. It is Ah Sin who leads the way. The CelestIal never gets rattled, no matter what accumulation of disasters overtake them. Jack feels a tugging at his sleeve 'which he knows of old, and casting his eyes around he discovers the almond dyed retainer there. As Sin says never xi word. Speech may be silver, but si ience is golden: and this is no time to indulge in flights of rhetoric. Jack sees the arm of the Chinese ex tended, and following the line of his finger he ldiscovers what it is to which Ah Sin would attract his attention. The railway company's telegraph office. At sight of it Jack's hopes revive. True, hie has sworn not to betray the plot of the rebels, but when the last resort is gone and her life is in peril, he will feel Compelled to do so. Better a broken vow than that vihe suffer. SSo he leaps towards the office. Perhaps nearly, if not quite, sixty seconds have flown since he first receiv ed the dire news-sixty precious seconds, d.uring which the doomed train has been s!xoo:ing on towards the destructiop that liel in walt. His positive intention is to have the telegraph agent wire the conductor in Scharge of the train, warning himh of the ah 'ful danger ahead, and having hin use CeXtra precautions when approaching the' bridige where the dynamite is supposed to lie. Smithers sees him dash into the office and stille? a groan. Perhaps this is for tlhe rebels, whose plan for striking a blow at their hated foes will fall through. At any rate, he does not make the least attempt to hold Jack in check, but awaits results. 'Perhaps Tra'-vers is gone another minute or so. Already the telegraph key may be clicking off the message that will hold the train and warn the officer in charge of the soldiers that not only do the rebels know of their design, but have prepared to annihilate them. Smithers doubtless sees this in imagi nation, but when he looks again he dis covers Jack in reality dashing out of the " telegraph office. His manner is not that of a confident nian who. by a bold stroke, has accom plished what he set out to do. .On the contrary, Jack appears excited \--his face is almost as pale as one who ihas seen a ghost, and he glances sharply fi'om right to left as he runs towards them, after the manner of a man who seeks a remedy for some dreadful omalady. As he draws near where Smithers stands, he can he heard exclaiming aloud, as though' to save even the precious seconds of time: "Wires down--Maceo raided the out sairts of Havana-Impossible to reach even the first station-no way of reach ing the train-now been gone seven and a half minutes, and already four miles Yes. they can hear the rumble of the train among the hills-it comes very phtinly during a cessation of noise about the station, though gradually growing fainter and more distant. Jack looks at Smithers, who returns his distracted gaze with one of chagrin, for the agent feels humiliated by the blunder that has occurred, though the change in time may have only heen de itiled on just betore the special started, in order to confuse those who might have any evil designs against the train. "Can you suggest anything?" cries 'Jack. endeavoring to cudgel his brains to greater rapidity of action. "We have no wings to fly after them," says the other, mournfully. "The more's the pity. Heaven help that poor girl." "'And horses, if we had them, would he of no mortal use against even such a Slow train as this one." "That 'is true, but is there no other ('ay? Think as you never did before. (What can overtake the special, since telegraphing is out of the question?" Snlithers is looking down the tracks. 1vhe-e they gleam in the lights beyond. "If we had an engine we might do it." Jack snatches at the idea like a drown ing man might clutch at a straw. "Then we will have an engine if it takltes a thousand-five thousand dollars -all I have in the world. Follow me!" $e ejaculates. The thought which Smithers has hesi Ratingly advanced becomes an inspira tlon. He seems to grasp it with renew ed energy, and while speaking has start Ed on a run down the station platform. Sm!ithers partakes in a measure of his tliew enthusiasm, for he has an exalted conception of Jack's abilities, and be lieves the other equal to any emergency. such men ride rough-shod over difficoul tiCes that would paralyse most,- people. mnd come in at the' finish many lengtlihs S5tead. Jack has not started off at random tie generally knows what he means to eccomplish before setting out to begin. Some moving object has caught his yoe just down the track-something that En'this crisis of his existence looks more ,valualie than the best paying mine'in the Cripple Creek region. It is pn enginejustemerging from a shed, upon e turn-table. Smoke is pouring froin the large, old-styled stack, blackl smoke tram burning, resinous pinewood, than Ithich few species of fuel will generate Steam more quickly. This old- fashioned angine, doubtless discarded years ago in. the Northern States where those burning Coal have taken its place, is not a i'thing of beauty and a joy for ever"-at least it would not appear as such in the i/ees of the ordinary beholder; but to rack Travers the case is quite different. It means a possible chance to solve the' lerrible probelm that has been suddenly 6i-t before him- it means the case of life tnd death nmay yet be decided in favor ?f continued existence. T Under these conditions, therefore, it an be readily understood with what tre .cnundous satisfaction Jack starts in the f3lirection of this locomotive. SAs he advances with such a burst of aged he takes note of several things. IEveryoe connected with the engine sdems to be in the utmost haste, and this iS the more wonderful when the fact is taken into consideration that in such hot ?cuntrles as Cubit they do riot:: as a general thing, use any tbo much speed in xnything undertaken. He sees the stoker tossing pine -.knots Enito the yawning mouth of the fire-box, iwhile the engine-driver leans part - way out of the cab window, his face sireaked with grime, but looking anxious in the light of :the fire. Thus bearing down upon the scene Travers is not long in reaching the place ! here several stout men stand re-aly to t'rn the engine around on the revovI\ng To whom shall he appeal? Hfe has absolutely decided that quE tlcn. Two men stand beside the trucks, one of them having an official air, and hold ing a paper in his hand that may be an order. His comipa.nion seems to be an ordinary citizen-a Spaniard, judging from his olive skin and black hair. Jack instantly surmises that the official Is the party:who can attend to his wants, and he means to obtain possession of that engine if r?ioney can buy it-indeed, such is his- desperate frame of mind that, should his request, even when backed by the value of the old motor itself, be re fused, he may be inclined to jump on the engine himself, and at the point of the revolver force the driver to obey his commands. "Senor, are you in charge here? I have missed the special by a hair's breadth. It- is very important that I should over tak:e it. I would have sent a rmessage, but the wires are down." The official shoots a quick but expres sive glance towards his companion, who n?vev-s a little' closer, cocking his ears as th:ough he takes an unusual interest in what Jack says. "Si, senor, the wires are down - that S."e-o is always on the move, and he k:'eps the wires cut so that we in Havana 1:,;y not.know what he is doing. No one ca:n send a message along the line. It is :.cry sad," is the consoling remark wn,:de by the official. ".But, senor, you did not answer my question-are you in charge here?" "For the night-yes," is the reply; but his manner plainly asks, ". hat is that to ycu?" 'I wish to hire a special." "A what?" ejaculates the other. "A special--an engine to overtake the train that left here some nine minutes ago." The official throws up both arms. "Madre de Dios!-another!" he gurgles. Jack does not understand - he only recognises the fact that precious time is being wasted, and in a case like this time dces not mean money, but human lives. Hence he shows impatience-it is na tura l. "Senor, it is a case of life and death," he breaks out with, huskily, for the men aeo swinging the iron monster around, anti ,Tack is inwardly swearing he will control the destiny of that engine, come what may. "Alas! I am sorry!" with a shrug.. "'If money stands in the way, I am pre lalred to pay you any price.". "That is not it ." "Then -onu have no authority?" "Alas! I have no engine." "This one will do, I am sure." "That is the only one in conaition at this end of the line, senor." "A thousand thanks." "But---" . "i cu hesitate whenf many lives are In peril." "It is no longer under my controL"' "Senor, explain." "Thi-3 gentleman is General Toledo. He has also missed the train,but bears autho rity to overtake it if the means can be had I have ordered out this engine. It belcrgs to him since the Government commands. Senor, you must deal with General Toledo." Jack whirls upon the soldier in civilian attire. He has not noticed him particu larly before, but now he discovers a man of more than usual determination, whose brilliant eyes are fastened upon him as though he would read him through. At the same time Jack believes the o.h!er to be a man who can be worked. Money talks in cases of this kind, es pecially with some men. "General, as I said before, it is a case of life and death with us to overtake the special. If you have the power to allow such a thing, I beg that we may.find i lodgment somewhere on your engine. -If a thousand dollars would be of any ser vice: to you-" The other shakes his head. "We can talk of that later, .senor," he smiles. " "You consent?''--in sudden rapture. "Carramba! there is no one who can prevent me. I own this engine for the hour. Arid you say it is a case of life and death, senor. I sympathise with you-I offer you a chance to overtake the.spe cial,- which left fifteen minutes ahead of time." His manner tells Jack plainly that he has been entirely'influenced by the.pros poeet of a heavy pecunlary reward, and nor. because he has a big heart. Never mind; it is the end., not the means that hlie has in view. "Then you will allow us to accompany you? A thousand thanks, senor. If you only knew the facts, you would never re gret your delsion. Smithers, do you hear that? We may yet win this game, thanks to the gallant General Toledo. All is not lost by a big majority; and Ah Sin, he is there, too. You see, luck lias tired of baffling us and turns about." Jack feels as though a load of a thou sand pounds had been lifted from his heart. There is a fair field and no favor now. It is all he asks at any time. The engine has been faced down the track, and a man dashes down to change the switch that will run it upon the main line. "Come. senors, all is ready." sings out General Toledo, as he swings himself up on to the engine,quickly followed byJack and Smithers, while -h Sin clutches hold even as the engine bursts forward. CHAPTER XV.-A MAD CHiASE ON : A "WILD-CAT ENGINE.".. 'When they have gained the footplate of the locomotive upon . which General Toledo has seized for some important Government business, Jack and Smith ers draw a long breath bf relief. The future looks brighter in compari sonml with the blackness that so recently hung over it like a funeial pall. Perhaps the first thing Travers does as the engine begins to move down the tracks is to draw out his watch and note the time, for it is a matter of some mom ent to know just how much of a start the special has. "Siz-thirty to thile second," he says. 'They are just fifteen minutes ahead," remarks Smithers, quickly. - At first this :seems a..inonstrous task. in Eiglanrl of the United States; where expresses travel at the rate of a mile a m:linlte and more, with a clear track ahead. the task of overtaking such a train ere tweuty odd miles had been cov ered would be utterly out of the ques tion. in Cuba the case is radically :ifferent. Tspecially is this true in time of war, when dangers abound ahead. A pace ex ceeding fifteen miles an hour might be deemed suaidlal Income sections. The general has overheard this ex change of remarks, and smiles. "Have no fears, senors; w'e will over take them easily. They stop at a station every five miles. We go on, and you shall :yourselves see at what a beautiful speed. It is certain-you have my word for it-provided, of course, we do not run off the track, or the boiler explode,' he says earnestly. "And if that takes place---" says Smithers. "Ah. we shall take no longer an inter est in whether Cuba shall remain wiithl t:pa!n or be free. In this nman's hands we place our lives"-lpointing to the en gineer . Jack 'sees the point, and manages to adroitly slip a little wad of greenback-s. which pass crrent in- Havana., into the driver's hano, receiving Ip return a look and a ned that cover the ground fully. That engineer will exhaust every krown device to send his iron horse whirling over the rails after' the train ahead in order to gr;atify so liberal a patron. Jack glances over the pile of wood in the. tender. HIfavana is in full view, and as the evening settles down over the Cu bi.n capital ninny lights are springing in to sight, making the picture, with the harbor beyond, and grim Morro Castle guarding its entrance, one that could have but few rivals. They have rattled over a trestle or bridge, and now plunge among the hills back ,:' the "city. The list ligh: vanishes flrnl view: for the I tletnt at l-an?t, good-lbye to Havana. 2 roni::d them the country. is growing w:':!. At first, -tccasion-al houses may be wt?:. with gardens; then come what apnear to be planttinr.s, with mills fcr presvin: the sugar- cane. Jack notes these in the fast-fading light. and presently discovers the first signs of devastation where a canefield and all its attendant buildings have been ruine:d by fire. Ecid Maceo has been here, even niit-hn sight of the capital, teeming w\\\'ii Spanish volunteers, and struck a blow for Cuba libre. There are' few places he dared not go, this fire brand of the rebellion. And now darkness. How suddenly it seems to drop upon them, as though they plunge deeper and deeper into a canyon, when ini reality such is not the case ! Already the driver-has succeeded ih urging his engine over the rails at a rate of speed that must have shocked the ofi cers of the road,could they bdit see it. He is a Spaniard, but a man of nerve, like most of 'his class, no matter where found. The old machine is doubtless amazed ait its own ability to make time and break the record on -the road; for as the miles are thrown astern the sparks s?ar out of the funnel in a perfect avalanche, and the puffing is as vociferous as an as thmiratic engine can emit. To those unaccustomed to riding on a locomotive, the motion is simply ter rible. Even on the finest of railway lines there is a horrible swaying and swing ing, such as these who ride as ans sengers in the cars know nothing about. IT this is the case, imagine what it t:ust be upon a rough road such as pre "'ani in Cuba, and with an old rattletrap of a condemned engine doing the jouritey. Jack has early found a good hold, and hangs on grimly ; ditto Smithers. The general occupies a sEat beside the stoker, who is kept busy half the time tossing pine-knots into the hungry maw of the fire box. As for Ah Sin, that worthy, after being hustled several times from one side to the other. feels a sensation akin to the dreadful mal-de mer of his last voyage, and dropping flat, cowers amidst the' wood : nor does he care very much whether the pile top ple over upon him or- the fireman make an effort to utilise him as a convenient stick of timber, such is the desperate condition this nausea brings about. And the speed increases as the steam crawls up in the glass indicator. Jack eyes the driver closely, but re alises that while the fellow may be a daring man, he cannot be called a reck less one, and will take no unnecessary risks. "All is well so far. ''hen they spin around a sharp curve it is all Jack can do to hold on. He even imagines the massive machine is about to top-ple ovel, ' and holds'-,his . ery? breath in a?e. Smithers utters an esx pressive exclamation, and from Ahi Sin comes a shriek .... But they keep the track, and go. flyitn on with the speed of the hurricane. Familiarity doubtless breeds contempt, but the bravest man in the inrld is bound to experience a sensation akin to terror when taking his first ride upon a " wild-cat engine." As they dash along. Jack, who chances to be on that side nearest the Spanish officer, opens a conversation with him. It is positively necessary that he shout aloud, such is the racket and con- fusion that accompany the flight of the Alhambra, as the veteran engine is called; but Jack thinks nothing of this when seeking information. "'W hat place was that ?" he asks. as they flash past a small building that has the appearance of a station. General Toledo tells the name. and at the same time vouchsafes the intellI gence that it is about five miles out of the city. Then about.- one quarter of the dis-, tance has been passed over. How much have they gained upon the other train? The soldier seems quite jolly, as though he feels positive they will over take the train ahead. Perhaps a shade of anxiety might creep over the nature of his dream did he but know all that these three travellers do. Jack, *however, does not feel Inclined to enlighten him, for since it 'seems-- that' they may over take the train in good time, he means to keep his word to Smithers as far as it is possible. . HO is already figuring in his mind what his course may be later on, should they succeed in their chase. What Will General Toledo do? Can it be possible he has had wind of the truth concerning the dynamite plot, -and that his design is to prevent the threatened catastrophe? That is not without the bounds of rea son; and yet Jack hardly belie'es it to be the true nature of his mission. More than likely he bears secret but important orders to the officer in com mand of the soldiers regarding some move he is expected to m'niake against the insurgents. After all, what does It matter so long as their end is assured, and the girls saved. So he continues to. plan ahead, believ ing that in this way time may be saved. Fortune seems kind, for although their speed is increased-and they fly around dangerous curves, nothingr in'the shape of disaster has as yet overtaken them. (To be continued.) 