ST.PAUL’S CHURCH, BALLARAT EAST. INDUCTION OF THE NEW VIC AR There was a large congregation at St Pad Church yesterday morning, on the occasion of the indnction of the Ear. Wm Fr e d en ck Tucker as vicar of the pariah. Punctually at 11 o'clock the west , the church was closed, and directly , knock at the door announced th» / • ! » the bishop and of the Tic.r-de,'^"^’ 1 '■* were asonrted' up the church by th *' of St. Paul’s, the choir and congretuti* ing, “O come loud anthems let m’siny" ,:t, ‘ The bishop, standing at the altar Rev. W. F. Tucker standing menoed the service by saying, “D. ra °- loved in the Lord, we purpose now toll • to the cure of souls in this n a ri<h brother iu Christ; and forasmuch as 'I- 01 ? indeed a weighty office and charge u wt- 1 “ is here oalled, thab is to say, to be a gar, watchman, and steward of tb e r^P 4, teach and to premonish, to feed ann ° r “’. la for the Lord’s family, and to seek for p— l ', s sheep that are scattered abroad, w 9 h""”. 1 yon, as many as are here present, in join in hearty prayer to Almighty God that bn ■grant to this, onr brother, gr,ce to earJn faithfully both iu word and deed andsfu • all thingea pattern to the fl ,ck commit,.;," 1 hi" keeping.” l -“ta Then followed the order of service fn 11 indnotion of a priest to cor- of sonla 0t “ J Arobdeaoon M-rcer read tbe license f or a newly-appointed olergyman as minister of i parish, which was then delivered to i> W. F. Tucker. t6e Ri '. After silent prayer had been indulged i the congregation united in si.mino f h. l ”■ Veni Creator-" Come, Holy Ghost, inspire. us Morning prayer was th-n said, the ht-t. the archdeacon, the Rev. W. F. Tuck» e the Rev. A. Brown, of Buuiuyong, taking ose in the service. ■ The sermon wa3 preached by the K.i. who took his text from Joshua i. G 7 c q He said that it would be difficnlt o’, s “j”’ more appropriate motto for tbe Bce«i On V, olergyman a mduotion to a parish .h an th : words with which his text commenced “Ba strong and oE a good curag.” The words summed up just what Z, required to be said, now that ths late worthy captain o! the parish ij retired disabled from the held, and hiss™, oeaaor had arrived to take his place Ths preacher pointed out that to some t-xtent there' was a similarity between the occasion of ths appointment of Joshua to sucoi-d Mosea the appointment of a clergyman to take chares of a pariah. In both oases ths sain- qualm,, ware required, and the asrno words of et oouragement “Be strong and .if a good courage,” were needed. He sincerely ba lieved that ha oould bid the new vie.r goad luck iu the name of the Lord, and be kosy that he had come amongst » -ympsthstig and kind-hearted people. He bade him to be strong in the strength which G .and supplb, and in whioh strength he could not fail, an d tj' be strong iu the inward truthfulne-a of his heart _ before God. Hs dwelt upon th, qualities which were required in a vicar aid pointed out that popularly was not' Its greatest proof of merit. H« recognised that popularity might be a power f..r good if g n . sought, but that while some good men enjoyed it, -some no less good meo bad to dswitk. : out it, until sometimes after years of disparage, meat their good qualities became recognio.d and even acknowledged by ihs m-my, After dwelling at some length upon the qualifi cations neeesaary to ensurs success in the work of the parish, the bishop as- ursd ths vioar that the parishioners received him with loyal confidence, and wished him all snccssi and happiness. After making a graceful reference to the faithful, self sacrificing labor) of Archdeacon Meroer, who had toiled hard in the interests of the parish during the tims whioh elapsed since ths retirement of ths lats vioar, the bishop said that, in regard to ths new vicar, he felt that, if God gava him health and strength, there was no fear but that he would faithfully carry out ths duties of his onerous charge, and that as ths months went by people and pastor would lore and know each other better and better, and that ere long by God’s blessing things wonld be hummiog once more in Ballarat End. Ha oalled upon the parishioners to receive their vicar to their hearts and homes, and trusted that from that day forward the pastor and parishioners of St. Paul’s would band down the continuity of a perpetual banediotinn. The Rev. W. F. Tucker preached an jlo ' quent sermon last night to a very Urge congregation. The rev. geniLman chose hit text from St. John x., 14 and 15—“I am ths good shepherd, and know my sheep, »nd am known of mine. As the Father knnweth m?, even go know I ths Father, and I lay down my life for the sheep.” He said tbit .the word “ shepherd” expressed ths relation between a pastor and hi) congregation better then any other tern. The word “ good" in the text was used not ia the sense of moral nr spiritnsl g»od, but in ths old English sense of the wmd, meaning right and proper, the kind of shepherd that nmht to be. Christ olaimed for himself the tills »t Shepherd, and the term expressing ths re. lationship to which He stood towards Hi) people oonld only be understood by recalliaf something of the duties of the Syrian shep herd. The relationship between tbe shepherd and his fiock was intimate and tender, bs knew each sheep individnally, so that there existed between them a leUtioo ship of a distinctly personal kind. The Syrian shepherd’s flock was liable to bs suddenly awept away by a rising torrent or to be destroyed by wild beast3, and tbe shepherd protected his sheep, eveu at the coat of hi) life. In like manner, the pastor of the pstiih who should be a good shepherd know- hi) sheep—not in the miss, bat individually. When he left th- pulpit his work was cot done, but he mnsb know and minister to every member of his flock individually. The Mors of a clergyman might be due to bi3 own 1»« of the neoessary qualities, but it might also M due to the impnssibili'y <4 dealing with ha flock because the Holy Spirit would not use him for tbeir good. A pastor should syrapi tbise with his flock in their trials and tronhls), and understand tbsir nc j ds. The gu* “ sympathy was the gift of the Holy Spirit, they wished him to ba of any service to the they should pray to the Holy Spirit to n him for that purpose. H- called them “ brethren ” for the first time that nigh ,so from the Holy Spirit came the power of doing them good and of them to receive it. had been called to their parish either better or for worse, either for God a anger God’a graoe. 