THE FINAL WAR A STORY OF THE GREAT BETRAYAL. By LOUIS TRACY. SPECIAL RIGHTS OF SERIAL PUBLICATION SECURED BY THE SUNDAY TIMES FROM THE PUBLISHERS, GEORGE HILL ANDSON, LONDON). CHAPTER IV. (Continued.)— How Major Perkins Won the V.C. REVIEWING his small force Major Perkins, of the Worthing Volun- teers, drew their at- tention to the pre parations the enemy were making to hand, and thus ad dressed them 'Comrades,' he said, 'our worthy Mayor has informed me that war has been declared against us by Prance and Ger many, and we now know that Worthing has been singled out for attack. Whoa, boy, whoa, then !' for a shell screamed through the air, passed into the Council Chamber at the Town Hall, and burst there with a terrific report, and the major's mount was tolerably fresh, as Saturday was his hardest day. The major managed to return his sword, observing sotto voce : ' I never can sit a horse with a drawn sword in my hand,' and continued aloud, 'these Frenchmen and Germans are here in their hundreds of thousands, and they do not demand ransom from Worthing, but seek to destroy our town at once. They are worse than highway robbers, as they ask for both our money and our lives, it is our duty, comrades, to resist them to death.' (Loud cheers from the crowd, an interlude which the drill instructor utilised to squint down the front rank of one com pany to see if the dressing was all right). ''I am not much good at tactics myself,' went on Major Perkins, ' but I know what to do here. We must line the shore, and let no d— d foreigner set a foot on English soil until he steps over our dead bodies. Companies, form fours — left. By your right, quick march !' Arrived on the Marine Parade, the Major and his little host found that six of the enemy's battleships had approached to within a mile and a half of low-water mark. They were on the western side of the pier, which they scrupulously refrained from damaging by their subsequent fire, as they expected to find it extremely useful when the active work of disembarkation began. An occasional shot was leisurely fired at the town, not so much by way of serious bombardment as to demonstrate that they were in earnest, and would stand no nonsense. The plan of the allies was now quite apparent. It was their intention to rapidly land sufficient troops and machine guns to hold the outlying portions of Worthing against any possible counter demonstra tion by the British, until three complete army corps, numbering 150,000 men all told, were concentrated in the locality. This number of troops actually accom panied the expedition. They carried a fortnight's stores with them, and by the time a forward move ment on London could be undertaken, the .French and Gorman commanders esti mated that reinforcements of three times the number of the expeditionary force would be at hand, whilst their fighting power would be enormously enhanced by the arrival of a vast quantity of stores and field ordnance. Major Perkins extended his men on the beach in single rank with two paces inter nal. He told them to lie down, to sight their rifles at 400yds, to aim low, and to concentrate their fire, by order of their section commanders, on particular boats. These dispositions were hardly made before half a dozen launches appeared from the eastward side of the six warships, and rapidly steamed, or were rowed, towards the shore, in such fashion as led the onlookers to be lieve that the occupants expected no resistance. They were soon bitterly undeceived. 'Volunteers are, as a rule, excellent marks- men, and bullets poured into the advancing boats at such a rate that the commander of the enemy's advance guard thought it best to retire until the sea front had been vigorously shelled by the battleships. At this momentary repulse of the enemy, the little defending force set up a great yell of delight, and the stout Major rode up and down the shingle inciting his men to keep up the reputation of Worthing, as though the quiet little watering place was accus tomed to similar murderous proceedings as part of the season's routine. So far not an Englishman had been injured, as the fire from the troops in the floats had been uncertain and ineffectual. But now the game was to assume a more desperate character. A perfect tornado of shells swept the sea front, wrecking every house facing the channel, and killing and wounding a great number of people of all ages and both sexes whose curiosity had caused them to watch the progress of events rather than seek safety in flight. Special attempts were made by the enemy to clear the beach of the unexpected line of defence which had proved its powers so unpleasantly, but it was far from easy to hit men lying down at the water's edge, and the only real living target was the Major on his horse. Both man and animal were in a perfect frenzy of excitement, and appeared to have charmed lives. More than once a time-fuse shrapnel burst right in front of them, but the zone of fire covered by the missiles in the shell left the space around them inviolate, and, although appealed to by his subordinate officers to dismount, the Major would not listen to the suggestion. From his elevated position he could see that a very much larger number of fiat bottomed boats and launches were now gathered behind the ironclads, and when the cannonading ceased something like 2000 troops were swiftly ferried towards the shore, with the evident determination to make good their landing this time. Whilst a few of the flotilla made straight for the beach the majority headed toward the pier, and the feu d'enfer kept up between the belligerents on the seashore prevented the defenders from noting the undisturbed occupation of the pier-head by the enemy. A volley from the leading boat brought down Major Perkins and his charger, but the Major arose from a cloud of dust, drew his sword, and shrieked in a shrill falsetto : ' I'm not dead yet, lads. - Give it 'em.' But the end was seemingly close at hand. More than half of the Worthing volun- teers were killed or wounded, and the survivors were now firing blindly and in effectively; being mad with the battle fever and dazed with the singing of bullets and the smash of the projectiles against the stones on the beach. Already some hundreds of Frenchmen had gained the platform of the pier and were forming up to advance into the town, whilst the leading launch was within a few feet of ramming her nose into the gravel beach, when the Major devoted all his re maining energies to one last yell. 'Fix bayonets ! Centre close ! Double ! And he jumped into the surf, brandishing his sword like a maniac. A big German officer leapt from the bow of his boat to meet him, but his heel turned on an uneven boulder, his lunge missed, and the Major hit him such a hearty whack on his steel pickel-haube with the flat of his sword that the German fell stunned into the sea, and was quietly but speedily drowned. But now a fierce roar of many voices came from behind the straggling group of volun teers. Ere anyone had realised what was happening, two companies of the Grenadier Guards flung themselves into three of the enemies launches and gutted them with the bayonet as terriers might clear out rats under like conditions. Two more companies deployed to left and right of the pier on the Marine Parade, and poured a hailstorm of lead into the ad vancing French column and their comrades in the boats, and, when the ornamental ironwork gates at the entrance of the pier had been smashed down, a couple of Maxims were run into position, with the result that the enemy dropped like swathes of grass before the sweep of a scythe. A second time had the attack failed, utterly and disastrously. Sir Evelyn Wood had now arrived, and assumed control of affairs. The 1st Battalion of the Grenadier Guards had been conveyed from Victoria to Worthing, 59½ miles, in 68 minutes, and one of the Tommies accurately expressed the feelings of himself and comrades when he said, sub sequently, that he would sooner stand and be blazed at for a month of Sundays by 40,000 bloomin' Frenchmen than do that little trip again.' The driver of the train described the journey as 'a toss up between fifty quid and Kingdom Come,' while the guard, a sober, steady man, was responsible for the statement that only once in his life he wished he was drunk---' when we was crossin' them facin' points at Keymer Junction.' Five minutes later the General and staff, with the 4th Battalion of the Sing's Royal Rifle Corps, better known as the 60th, reached the station from Aldershot. Sir Evelyn Wood, by galloping bare-backed on a cab-horse to the Parade, gained the scene of action in time to witness Major Perkins' last gallant attempt to hurl back the tide of invasion. During the momentary lull that followed the retreat of the second flotilla, he sent for the Major and said: 'If we are both alive to- morrow I shall recommend you for the Victoria Cross, and shall ask the Com mander-in-Chief to gazette you as a full Colonel in Her Majesty's regular forces. You have behaved most gallantly.' But Perkins could make no answer. He had quite lost his voice. He bowed respect fully, and two great tears coursed down his cheeks. Twelve-pounders, machine guns, and relays of troops were now pouring through the town from station, and night had commenced to close in. It took the dis comfited enemy some time to gain the shelter of the warships' guns, and the General seized the welcome respite to plant the Maxims and field artillery on, the shingle, whilst he ordered the lamps on the parade to be lighted in order to mislead the enemy's gunners. Electric searchlights lit up the same from the ironclads, many buildings in the town were in flames, and when the shell-fire recommenced it was seen that the men- of-war had widened their internals considerably in order to concentrate their fire-zone, and several gunboats had approached much nearer the shore than the big ships dared to venture, pouring in a perfectly demoniacal hail of lead. Considering its volume and intensity, it did not do much wholesale damage to the defenders as might have been expected. The low position of our artillery and Maxims, added to the uncertainty of the electric beams, brilliant though they were, served to disconcert the aim of the gunners, who were themselves the object of a terrific fire belching forth from a very wide ex panse of sea-shore. The British losses were heavy, but they were more than made up by the constant accessions of strength in guns, men, and ammunition. The station-master after wards received a decoration from the Queen for the cool-headed way in which he kept his station clear of empty trains, using both platforms and good sidings for debarkation, and returning the empties along the up and down lines respectively towards Brighton and Goring. At 10 o'clock another attempt to effect a landing was made, but the reception given was so warm that the attacking boats were never closer than 300 yards from the beach. Sir Evelyn Wood took advantage of the retreating tide to move his guns and men lower down, and thus again upset the enemy's range. This third failure induced a further change of tactics on the part of the com bined squadron. The fire on both sides slackened off until near 11 o'clock, whep the ball was again opened by 20 ironclads and something like 60 gunboats and tor pedo boats. The smaller craft boldly steamed in until they were barely two cables' lengths from the shore, an„d forth with, a murderous fire of shrapnel and small arms rained upon the defenders. The reply on our side was undaunted, but it naturally became more uncertain. Every second man in the fighting line was hit in a few minutes, guns were dismounted, Maxims smashed into fragments, and stones and debris hurled in showers over the whole of the Parade. The General did not dare to weaken his extended front by withdrawing the men to seek shelter, a.s it was evident that a tremendous attack would shortly be deli vered from the numerous flotilla of boats now gathering behind the vessels. Fiercer and fiercer grew the fusillade, shells hurtled the air screaming like lost spirits, bullets clanged in masses against the ruined houses, and some 10,000 troops, crowded into an innumerable company of boats, of all shapes and sizes, were about to make a determined dash for the shore, when a sudden outburst of big guns from the sea, a series of tremendous crashes and explosions, and a rapid diversion of the electric searchlights towards the south, caused an immediate cessation of fire from both parties. The British Fleet had arrived upon the scene. CHAPTER V.— What the Fleet Did. At eight bells in the second dog watch the time-bell on board the Magnificent announced the hour in a stentorian clang. In non-nautical phrase it may be stated that at 8 o'clock p.m. the Channel Squadron and its attendant torpedo-boats were some six miles off the coast in the neighborhood of Selsey Bill, with a clear sky and smooth sea, and everything in order in the dis position of the fleet. On board each vessel there was the utmost activity, and, to a landsman, the most hopeless disorder would have seemed to prevail. The ships had been put into fighting rig hours earlier, but still there remained much to be done in the shape of finally testing steam-pumps apd hydraulic machinery to see that everything was in working order. Ammunition had to be drawn from the magazines and placed in proper positions for use, water-tight doors in protective bulkheads needed careful examination, appliances for extinguishing fires required overhauling, and, last but not least, the cooks were busy in preparing a solid meal for all hands as a useful preparation for the labor of the night. Jack's personal arrangements were soon made. If his occupation kept him below deck he divested himself of blouse, shirt, boots and seeks, belted his trousers tightly round his waist, and chewed a contem plative quid as he set himself to the mani fold tasks which still lay between him and supper— for the British tar loves to go into a fight half naked, as did his pro genitor in the days of Trafalgar and the Nile. Shortly after one bell in the first watch, that is to say, a little after 8.30 p.m., the Admiral signalled half- speed, and called all captains of ironclads and commanders of smaller vessels on board the flagship. They were soon assembled in the wardroom, as the Admiral's quarters were too small to accommodate so many officers, and were, moreover, being adapted to the require ments of additional hospital space. Lord Charles Beresford explained that he had brought them together in order that each offieer should clearly understand not only his own duties, but the general plan of attack ; and it would be the duty of commanders individually, through their subordinates, to make the principles of his intentions made known to every member of each ship's company. 'I take it, gentlemen,' he went on, 'that few of us, if any, will survive this affair, as we are hopelessly outnumbered. But it is our glorious privilege to do that lies in our power to injure the enemy before we lose our lives or our ships. 'I have asked myself how we can best siarve our country at this juncture, and it appears to me that we should endeavour to destroy the French and German trans ports, and thus lighten the labor of the army in resisting any attempt at invasion. You all know the disposition of the allied fleets as outlined in the last message sig nalled from Gosport, and I have no doubt a similar formation has been preserved in anchorage. Some of the enemy's ironclads and a considerable number of their gun boats will have ranged themselves broad-side to the beach to shell the town and defend ing forces, whilst the attention of the remainder will be keenly directed towards the efforts of the troops to effect a landing. 'There is no moon, and, if I mistake not, a fresh breeze from the sea, and the clouds coming with it, together with the noise and excitement of the bombardment will render it comparatively easy for us to approach unobserved, as a sharp look-out to the south is hardly to be expected under the conditions. If they expect a naval attack from any quarter it will be from either east or west. ' That being so, I purpose making a detour and striking in from the southward. Battle-ships will form in two divisions, the Magnificent leading the starboard and the Resolution the port attack. Torpedo- boats will follow in the same formation until the moment of impact with the enemy. It is probable that the enemy's gunboats and torpedo-boats will be present in considerable numbers on the weather-side of the fleet, but it will be the duty of the two divisions of battle-ships to smash right through them, depending upon rams and quick firing guns only. 'It will be the object of both divisions, to intervene between the enemy's battle ships and his transports, and to screen the torpedo-ships by endeavoring to draw the enemy's fire upon themselves. The torpedo boats on reaching the fighting-line will incline inwards, the leading pair endeavor ing to sink the first two of the enemy's transports. The second pair of torpedo boats will pass the first and attack the next transports in the line, and this manoeuvre must be repeated by the whole 22 boats, each one rigidly directing all efforts towards the single object in view, namely, the destruction of the enemy's land forces and materiel. ' When this task has been accomplished, gentlemen, I leave you to your individual devices to do the utmost amount of damage in your power to the enemy's fleet, and when you find your vessels in danger of sinking, you should endeavor to run them ashore to save the lives of the remnants of your ship's companies. The sole alter native to this course is to go down whilst destroying an opponent.' There was silence for a moment when his lordship finished speaking. Then the com mandant of the gunboat Speedy said: ' I presume, sir, that I take on as many of the enemy's smaller fry as I can gather round me ?' 'No, Commander Hardinge, I am sorry to say I cannot meet your views in that way,' replied the Admiral with a smile. ' It will be your business to send round a launch in an hour's time to collect private letters from the fleet — opportunities will meanwhile be given for writing them so far as is practicable — and you will then observe operations from a safe distance, subse- quently making off to Portsmouth or Dover, ,as you may think fit, and reporting to the Admiralty all that has happened.' The officer thus addressed turned scarlet with indignation. 'Do I understand you, sir,' he said, passionately, ' that the Speedy is to be turned into a post-office, and that I and my crew— ? ' Commander Hardinge, silence !' said. Lord Beresford. 'Obey my orders, or, by God, I'll Court-martial you in the next world !' After this explosion the Admiral calmed down a little, and explained in kindlier tones that the Speedy was doing absolutely necessary, if disagreeable, service, as the Admiralty must be placed in possession of the facts, there being no certainty of sur vivors reaching the shore, or of events being correctly observed from that quarter. ' And now, gentlemen,'' he concluded, addressing the entire gathering, ' I have only to say that all external lights must, under every circumstance, be extinguished, the best efforts being made to preserve correct distances. Fresh orders, if indis pensable, will be made by trumpet call from the flagship, and repeated down both lines. It remains for me to insist upon the need of every man in the fleet understand ing the plan and object of attack, and to wish you all good- bye and God-speed.' The officers silently saluted, and trooped out of the ward-room. Hardinge observed in a sarcastic undertone to Captain Blake, of the Repulse: 'This is a jolly fine arrangement for me, isn't it.' 'Well, you see, old chap,' began the other sympathetically, but Hardinge growled: 'Oh, yes, I see well enough. Anyhow, he left me to decide what 'a safe distance ' means.' By nine o'clock the squadron was steam ing at full speed again, and the course was altered a point or two toward the south. True to the Admiral's anticipation, a stiffish breeze from the Atlantic put a curl on the waves, and promised to bring up a choppy sea next tide. Some light cirrus clouds spread themselves over the sky, dimming the stars, and lending obscurity to the horizon. Confusion had now given place to perfect order on board each ship in the fleet. By the Admiral's instructions an extra ration of grog was served out all round, and general permission to smoke was given, as he felt that the exceptional circum stances of the case justified this departure from strict naval custom. He would gladly have sanctioned the use of the ship's bands, too, were it not for the fear of being detected, and as a matter of fact, the French torpedo-catcher, Belle Etoile, did unknowingly pass the squadron about half-past 10 o'clock at some two miles distance, being then on her way to Brest to announce in grandiloquent terms the occu- pation of Worthing by the allies, as General de Rosny thought the attack was practi cally over when the Frenchmen had once gained the pier ! The mere fact that they had been promptly swept off it only served to assure him that in the more determined effort being made whilst he wrote his despatch they would be successful. Besides, the Paris morning papers must be able to state that perfidious Albion was in the grasp of the combined forces. On through the night steamed the silent and ghost-like fleet, noiseless, save for the throbbing of the screws, which was hardly discernible in the soughing wind, weirdly indistinct in the unrelieved gloom, seeming like some procession of terrible and gigantic spirits of the deep passing swiftly over the watery to avenge the wrong being done to the Queen of the Seas. At last the course was abruptly altered by a wheel to the north, and half an hour later the look-out in the foretop of the Magnificent reported the flashes of gun-fire and the steadier glare of burning houses right ahead. The nervous tension throughout the fleet now became almost unendurable. ' Bust me if I can stand this 'ere wait ing,' said No. 1 of the forward barbette 12in 46-ton gun confidentially to his butty, No. 3, and he hummed : ' Oh, would I were a bird, that I might fly to thee.' ' You'll be there soon enough, Jim,' said the other. ' I wonder which way well go, up, or down, or in pieces?' ' Stop that talking there, or I'll report you after the action,' said a warrant officer, sternly. 'Who to, Nosey?' said a voice. 'To Old Nick ?' At this sally there was a general snigger, in which the lieutenant in charge of the barbette joined. Every man in the fleet knew that he was going to practically certain death, but that was of small import — delay alone was irksome. The progress of events on shore was now easily distinguishable, and Lord Beresford's face became brighter than it had been for some time when he found that the enemy had not yet effected a lodgement. The allied fleet was plainly silhouetted against the glaring background of light, and the Admiral, who knew every ship in the French navy by sight, said to the captain of the Magnificent: ''We are in luck, Drysdale. That farthest vessel in the enemy's star board line is La Gloire, the French flagship. She is just about our fighting weight, and we must endeavor to reach her, if possible.' Astonishing as it may seem, the foremost ships of the British fleet had crashed through the outer fringe of gunboats, sinking four of them outright and crippling several others before their presence was observed by the enemy's battle-ships. The majority of these were swinging to their cables at the moment of attack, and were consequently in the worst possible position for using their guns, and no sooner had the English ships entered their opponent's lines than they commenced firing with tremen dous energy and precision. In less than two minutes every ship was hotly engaged, and the fight became the fiercest ever known in the history of naval warfare. Never before had such vessels or projectiles been used under such conditions. The noise of the battle was plainly heard at Chichester, Arundel, Horsham, and other towns even more remote from the scene of action. The surprise was complete. This gave the attacking fleet a very considerable advantage, so they succeeded in cutting off the transports from the ironclads before the letter could make an effort to get under weigh. It was only when the British torpedo boats commenced their career of destruction among the crowded troopships and liners that the allied fleets perceived the terrible predicament in which they were placed, and how their fire was being drawn by the battleships to permit complete destruction of the invading force. Throwing every other consideration to the winds, they then endeavored, by closing in and concentrat ing their fire, to sink the torpedo boats by sheer weight of metal. But it was too late. Even where they succeeded in their object they as often as not had done quite as fatal damage to one of their own unarmored vessels by misdirected shots, as a Messageries Maritimes or a North German Lloyd steamer sank like a cracked teapot when struck between wind and water by a shell from a 10in or 12in gun. Although the British torpedo boats were literally swept with showers of lead from the troops on board each transport, they grimly persisted in their work of death. Ship after ship was blown up and sunk, the terrible crash of the torpedo attack passing into the roar of a second explosion as the water reached the furnaces. It was a fearful scene of death and disaster. Men were thrown into the water by tens of thousands, only to be engulfed in the maelstrom caused by some sinking ship, to be smothered by the ever-rising waves, or to be crushed into mangled atoms by the swift torpedo catchers and gunboats darting in from all quarters to the rescue of the unprotected vessels. Incredible as it may seem, not a trans port or cargo-ship was left in the allied fleet. In those few minutes of wholesale holocaust and carnage 120,000 French and Germans, with a fabulous quantity of cannon and munitions of war, had been swept away into the deep waters of the English Channel. Lord Charles Beresford, perceiving that his appointed task had been accomplished with a success beyond his wildest hopes, now devoted himself to the comparatively simple task of selling the lives of himself and his men as dearly as might be. Rapidly changing his tactics, he rammed a second-class French cruiser which was crossing his bow, and split her in twain as though she were a rotten stick. This left the path open towards La Gloire. Imitating his example, the other iron clads entered into a general action all round. Numbers and weight of metal, of course, now began to tell, and in fifteen minutes all that was left of the British Fleet was one battle-ship stranded, on Worthing beach, and the despatch vessel Speedy, which was hurrying off to Portsmouth with her bows smashed in, with a bullet through the flesh part of her commander's left fore arm, and a broad grin on the face of that worthy officer, who seemed to have com pletely recovered his good temper. But the British Fleet bad gone down in good company. The eight ships of war were accompanied by 17 of their enemies, whilst the 22 torpedo-boats had accounted for all of the allies' transports and 31 of their own size. And the shattered remnant of this new Armada made off from this unequal contest, steaming slowly through the night to Brest and Bremerhaven, with rage and shame in their hearts, and sore wounds in the bodies of both ships and men. In a word, the destruction of the English fleet had entailed the most terrible and crushing disaster that the enemy could have encountered. (To Be Continued.) THE MAJOR HIT HIM A HEARTY WHACK. IN LESS THAN TWO MINUTES EVERY SHIP WAS HOTLY ENGAGED. THE BRITISH TAR LOVES TO GO INTO A FIGHT HALF NAKED. 