TOWN TALK To-day's "Geelong Advertiser" con tains sis pages, or forty-eight columns. Our Melbourne letter, together with other matters of interest, will he fonnd od the first page of the paper. A suggestion that emanated from Cr Eichardson at yesterday's .meeting of the South Barwon council respecting the endowment by Parliament of municipa ties with Crown lands is worthy of consideration by municipal bodies. It urged by Cr Eichardson that something should be done to impress upon Parlia ment the necessity of making grants to councils, lands which might be permit nently reserved for the benefit of rate payers. At present, he stated, the Government could come down upon them and leave them without a reserve, or even a common, and it was desirable that they shonld make a proposal to the Municipal Association to have the matter discnssed. It would he a good thing if they were only instrumental in having the common permanently reserved for future genera tions. Cr Gardiner thought the idea a splendid one, and it was eventually decided that Cr Eichardson and the secretary shonld draw up a motion on the subject and forward it to the Municipal Association for discussion at the annual conference to be held shortly. It was also agreed that Cr Eichardson shonld act as the council's delegate to the conference, so that he might further pursue his proposition. The first clip, of this season's wool, and bearing the " Corotig" brand, has been received hv Messrs Deuuys, Lascelles, Austin and Co., from MrE. H. Lascelles, Hopetonn. This firm conduct a sale of wool in their stores at 2.15 o'clock on "Wednesday afternoon next. The steamer Warn gal completed load ing at the freezing company's jetty yesterday, and the manifest of the cargo received by the vessel at this port comprises 426 hales scoured wool, 50 bales basils, and SOOO carcases of frozen mutton. ■ The steamer Burrumbeet left for Sydney and Newcastle iu the after noon with 6950 bags of chaff. Our Portarlington correspondent states that in the Mount -Gambier dis trict, South Australia, Mr W. Webster, an old resident of Portarlington, grew 600 tons of Onions this year. Our correspondent adds: Welcome rain fell yesterday and last night which will he beneficial to the crops in general, hat it was not heavy enough to catch any in the waterholes. The special train to be ran to-day, in connection with the Geelong-Colfing wood match, will leave the local railway station at i.5 p.m., and Melbourne on return at 11.45 p.m., which will enable patrons to witness the production of the " Harbor Lights" at the Princess' Theatre,- or the sparkling entertainment at the Opera House. The train fnres are 6s 6d and 4s 6d, and the importance of this match should ensure a large follow ing accompanyiog the Geelong players in the special. There is every reason to anticipate that the forthcoming Golf Club tournament will be of a highly successful character. The entry, numbering 195 for all events, is an exceptionally good one, and there shonld be a large attendance of visitors, the clubs to be represented on this occa sion including the Eoyal Melbourne, Adelaide, Surrey Hills, Essendun, Kew, Ballarat, Warrnamhool and \ Hamilton. The names of the crack players figure in the entries, and a considerable amonnt of. interest i3 hound to centre in the meeting between Messr* Howden, Whyte and P. C. Anderson, who recently tied at Essendon. The ladies' championship, which is to he the feature of this year's tournament on the Geelong links, has closed with 14 entries, and the champion ship event for gentlemen will he com peted for by 18 players. The gentlemen's handicap will require some time to decide, the entries lor this event, number ing 74, and 41 have been received for the mixed pairs. The entries for the, ladies' handicap number 25, and the names of 23 intending competitors have been entered for the gentlemen's doubles. Subsequent to the transaction of busi ness yesterday the members of the South Barwon shire council, at the invitation of Cr A. White, adjourned to the president's rooms, where light refreshments were partaken of and several toasts honored. At the instance of Cr H. F. Kichardsou the toast of " The health of the newly elected president," was honored, and Cr Andrew White made a neat response^ Cr "Andressen proposed the healths of the newly-elected councillors, each of whom in turn acknowledged the honor. An article that/appeared in the " Argus " some few months ago indulged in scathing criticism at the expense of literary societies, and the compiler of the " Federal Kecord," Geeloug, offered a prize of £1 Is for the best essay in" refu tation of the article. Mr E. E. Hendy has just received intelligence of his suc cess in the competition, the judge for which was Mr Hutton. Mr Hendy's prize essay will be published in the next quarterly issne of the " Federal Kecord." The rainfall at Glenetive, Ba mganie for the month of August, was 1 inch 20 points, and since the 1st of April 9 inches 13 points. The rainfall for Wednesday, the 31st August, and Thursday, the 1st September, was 54 points. Our Steiglitz correspondent writes :— " Though it has been the practice on this field for some time past for enginedrivers at the several mines to do their owu stoking, the drivers at the United Albions j have si .-nified their intention of goingout j on strike if the company will not provide . a stoker for each shift. The matter is under consideration by the directors, and, • if the request is not complied with, the drivers will go out from to morrow (Saturday) night." A meeting of creditors in the estate of Adolph Bademaker was held yesterday afternoon, before Mr D. F. M'Grath, chief clerk. Debts were proved to the amount of £236, and the estate was left in the hands of the assignee for realisa tion. The TV inchelsea council yesterday elec ted Cr O. F. Armyfage president of the shire for the third successive year. The position was offered to Cr M'Dennan, who had to decline the proffered honor owing to the state of his health, which has been very indifferent for some months past, Cr White was re-elected president of the shire of South Barwon. A female bibulant, who was staggering about the streets early last evening, was arrested on a charge of drunkenness and lodged in a cell at the lockup. An infant she had in her arms at the time of arrest was temporarily handed over to the care of another woman by the police. The rainfall registered atLovely Banks reservoir for the month of August was 48 points of an inch. The quantity registered for the same month in 1S97 was 1:94 inches. The total for present year up to the end of August, is 9*69 inches, whilst for the same period of 1897 the quantity totalled 14*28 inches. Refrigeratinsr chambers have been fitted np at the Vulcan Foundry by Messrs Humble and Juicholson, and tbe ice-making plant installed in connection therewith will enable the firm to cater for all requirements. An advertisement in regard to their arrange ments in this respect will be found elsewhere. The quarterly meeting of the Protestant Alliance was held in the Protestant Ball on Thursday evening last, when a large number of members attended. During the meeting five new members were initiated, making a total of 23 for the past quarter. After the lodge business had been transacted, the meeting took the form of a social, and a most enjoyable evening was spent by all present. Songs were given by Bros. Strachan, "War burton, R. Williams and Robertson, and a recitation by Bro. J. Dedman. Bin. Dee contributed a selection on the mouth organ, and Bro. H. Coleman gave an excellent exhibition of club-swinging. Mr Geo. Deans contributed most materially to the evening's entertainment with several phono graphic selections. Dnring the evening the W.K., Bro. Strachan," made two presenta tions, one being to Bro. H. Stringer, of a handsome clock, suitably inscribed, from the officers of the lodge, and the other was a framed certificate to Bro. J". Daltera, for having proposed the most members dnring I the quarter. The sitting of the Colac police court yester day was presided over by Mr George W. W. Patterson. P.M. A youth named David son, employed at the Colac railway station, was charged with having used threatening words to Mr Grey. Mr Hancock appeared for the informant, and Mr Lorimer for the defendant. The informant, in his capacity as a cycling referee, had occasion some time ago to disqualify the defendant's brother for a term for something that took place on the cycling track, and this was evidently the cause of the defendant's abusive attack on Mr'Grey. Mr Patterson characterised it as a very bad case, and mulcted the defendant in a penalty of 40s, with 23s Gd costs. A trespass case, which occupied some rime in hearing, was subsequently withdrawn .on the defendant paying £2 2s costs. The meetings of the eighth Geelong Convention, which will he opened in the Mechanics' Institute at half-past seven o'clock on Monday evening, will extend till the following Friday evening. Prom Tuesday to Friday daily meetings will take place as under: Prayer meeting, 7 a.m.: Bible readings, 10.30 a.m. ; afternoon address at 3 ; and evening address at 7.30. Horsham wheat quotations remain at 2s 2d per hnshel.J The local prices for the following lines are as follow:—Bran, 9d to lOd, and pollard.lOd to lid per bushel: and flonr 17s per hag. On Thursday afternoon a singular fatality occurred at Gormandale, some 15 miles from Traralgon. A selector's wife, named Missen, was having dinner with her three litttle children, when an infant, two years old, got a piece of pancake in its throat, and died before it conld be extricated. The body will be brought into Traralgon for magisterial inquiry and medical examination. The Chinese camp at Ballarat East pre sented a lively appearance early yesterday morning, when the interesting ceremony of " driving the devil " out of the camp was carried ont, The proceedings commenced at abont 11 o'clock on the previous night, when about fifty Chinese congregated at the Joss -House, where a barbaric service was held ! under the supervision of a high priest attired in a red robe richly worked in various de signs. A large quantity of incense was burned before the image of Joss, which was illuminated with caudles. A monotonous dirge, accompanied by the clashing of gongs and bells, was kept up for over two hours hv tbe priest, the only variations being an oc casional prayer to Joss for the safe dis posal of the "*61111 spirit" ' for an other years and some ceremonies con sisting of waving incense and various articles before Joss and the hnming of paper money, all of which performances are be lieved by tbe Chinese to he particularly dis agreeable to " the devil." Fires were kept burning ontside the building until about two o'clock, when the distribution of food among the faithful was proceeded with outside the Joss house. A procession was then formed, and the ceremony of beating the bounds of the camp was carried out with as much noise as possible. Torches were waved about, crowds of Chinamen were seen running in various directions, yelling frantically, while various discordant instruments were beaten with great vigor. After the " evil one " had been driven away, . a sumptuous repast was indulged in, and the exhansted Chinese re tired to rest. This season", so far, says tho "Warrnamhool *' Standard," has been an exceedingly pro ductive one. The very mild and growing winter which wo have passed through has allowed the cattle to thrive and get into good hcart_ and become profitable mnch sooner than in most other years, when wet and cold weather checked them. As showing how prolific the dairy cattle have been, reference is made to the increased milk supply, as given in the returns of three factories. The weekly increase, as compared with the corresponding time of last year, amounted to nearly 40,000 gallons. At 3d per gallon this increase means putting £500 more per week into the dairy men's pockets. If the same increases are going on at all the other factories in the dis trict we may safely say that the average milk income is quite £1000 more per week than at this time last year. James Cotter, described by the police as a "human wreck," was brought into Ballarat on Thursday by Mounted-constable Minton to serve a sentence of one month for indecency. The accused, who is an old man, upon being searched at the lockup, was found to possess bank deposit receipts, drafts, etc., for amounts totalling over £1100. Tor a long while past he has been begging in the Bungaree district, and many persons rendered him assistance, firmly believing he was in a starving condition. The Bendigo correspondent of the " Age " writes: " On Thursday night, between 7 and S o'clock, the ghost' mado .another ap pearance, this time at the intersection of Frederick and Valentine streets, at the rear of the Benevolent Asylnm. Tho locality is a quiet one, and well suited for any mis chievous pranks. At the hour named, Mies Skilbcck, who resides with her parents at the Red Hill, about a mile from tho asylnm, left home to visit a friend in Barnard-strcor, and when opposite the residence of Mr Johnson, she was startled by tho appearance of a form in white, waving its arms np and down. Miss Skilbeck, bearing in mind the state ments about a ' ghost' haunting the neigh borhood, was carrying in her hand a stone, which she threw at the * ghost' and hit it. The ' ghost' sprang at her, struck her in the face and knocked her down. Her screams brought Mr Johnson and his son to tho scene, and they saw a form in white running away in a northerly direction. The son pursued it, while tho father carried Miss Skilbeck into the house. She was bleeding profusely from the month, and was in a fainting condition. At II o'clock she "had somewhat recovered, but was in a dazed condition. Xonng Mr Jobnson followed tho * ghost,'and saw it jnmp over the fence around a honse occupied by Mr Trent, where it disappeared. Con stable Owen was informed of the occurrence, and in company with Messrs Trant and Johnson, searched in the garden, and where the form was seen to go over the fence foot prints were observable on the grass." Messrs Parker and Murphy, drapers, Moora bool-street, are now opening their new Spring good3, and invite inspection of same. A further instalment o£ matter descriptive of evangelical church work in Geclong appears in tho current number of the " Southern Cross," and the article is enhanced by photos, of the Revs. J. A. Marnland. S. J. Hoban, E. T. Coi, Jos. Nicholson, W. J. " Eddy, A. 17611, and J. M. James. BJJ-, and Messrs B. c'. Thacker, G. M. Hitchcock, E. G. Gutt, G. Vr'[ Steedman, T. Peter?, G. Pescoti, W. c" Kobertson and A. Bix, and the Hon. S. Austin' M.L.C. The other contents of tire paper are of the usually high standard of excellence. Messrs A. J. Tonng and Co. will sell p. auction on Wednesday next, at 3 o'clock, on the premises, ii'Kfllop-street, near latrohe terrace, good w.b. villa. An advertisement appears elsewhere inTiting I inspection of Miss 5. A. Moore's spring and summer new dress, mantle, and other materials 1 suitable for the season. Mr Neil Campbell (in conjunction with Mr E. G. Gnrr as agent) will sell by auction at the l residence of Mrs H. W. Day.Pevensey-arescent, on Thursday, 15th inst, elegant and superior household furniture and effects, billiard table, etc. Catalogues in course of preparation. Mr Neil Campbell win sell budding site at corner of Buckland'g-avenae and Paknigton street, on Thursday next, at3 o'clock, on the ground; and on the 17th msti, the St. Leonard's Hotel, shop in Mercer-street. Ozone Coffee Palace, and the lease of the Black Tig? South gold mine. _ ° The usual meeting of the Ten wick-street Young Men's Association was held last Tues day evening in the class room, and there was an excellent attendance.^ In the absence of the president, the chair was very capably occupied by Mr Geo. W. "Wood. After the nomination of Mr Y. Wiggs as a member, and the disposal of other bnsmes3 matters, the evening was taken up with elocution, Messrs Trotter, Kohinson, Lloyd, and Thorbans con tributing recitations, and Mr Emery a read ing. Though for several of the performers it was their first appearance, their efforts were exceedingly creditable, as the criticisms which were indulged in went to show. A prayer meeting, to which Christians ot ail sects are cordially invited, will he heldm the vestry of the Congregational Church, to morrow morning at 7 o'clock. The weekly temperance meeting will he held in the Temperance Hall this evening. Tenders are invited for works in the shires oi Corio and Meredith. Mr C. Phillips, Eyrie-street, announces the fourth half-yearly sale of ironmongery and household utensls, and elsewhere will he found his price list for a quantity of lias. Who has not a deep sense and an interne feeling for the beautiful, as nature, at this time of the year, presents to our virion by her magic touch to hill and dale. Can anything np. proach the beauty of a lesson given in her grand open book, presented by the gathering together of masses ef bloom, with their wealth of (gorgeously rich colors, to be seen in the windows of onr florists. At MrB. W.Daltoa's, Byrie-street, there is a specially fine show of spring flowering bulbs, in every variety and color. A gem of great beauty, the centre of attraction, however, is a lovely plant of Dendrobium Nobile, and Orchid of great beauty, and one of the finest in the genus. This plant is now carrying IS or 20 racemes cf bloom, and presents, to the flower lover, arare treat to gaze upon. Miss Dalton's handiwork is to he seen in the artistic designs which always attract the passer by, as also in the tasteful arrangement of the many cut hlooms of several orchids, to numerous to make men tion of by name and description. A very pretty display is made to-day in Florist Stmton's window in Kvrie- streeet. It consists chiefly of .Daffodils. Narcissi, Hyacinth and Anemones, most of which are from the gardens of Mr Walter Higgins, ci Highton. An emblem of " Faith, Hope, and Charity,'' composed mostly of Anemones,makes a charm ing centre piece. In the fruit department there is a Enrprise in the shape of a display o£ very .fine strawberries from Queensland*, an vidence of Mr Stinton's business enterprise. 