Letty Lamington. A Story of Australian School Girls. SPECIAL, FOR 'CATHOLIC PRESS.' ? Chapter XII. — The Terrible Professor. . ' I'm trorabling from head to foot,' said ?, Smithy, aa she oaught a glimpse of the examiner, Mr. Munroo, paoing tho study hall, biting one thumb, whilo ho glanoed ovor tho pages of a tiny pocketbook. He was a sovoro looking man of about 48 years, rathor squaroly ibuilt, tho middlo hniahfc. attirod in a roddish brown suit. ?winch oor responded splendidly with the tints of his thick, olosoly-out, straight looks. On the whole he was anything but preposses sing. From under tho bushy brows the sauoer-eyoa of blue looked sharp enough to Bearoh into tho inmost dopths of one's soul, and the tono of his voice was loud enough to wake the dead. 'Oh! Jen, he's a horrid-looking fellow,' remarked Lotty, roturning from the window with a distorted countenance. 'Yes ; I know. Ho has ginger hair, and a oream moustaoho, hasn't ho ?' rejoined Jpnny, narrowing hor oyebrows, and looking us if the suooeBB of her exam, deponded on oolors. 'Oh, I do wiBh tho wholo thing was ovor,' she sighed woarily. The hands of tho olook showod that it was oxaotly a quartor-past 11 whon tho first numbor cohood through tho room. Eva was going for tho intermediate grade, and aB sho walked up, musio in hand, in answer to tho numbor, hor protty faoo looked ghastly with fear and oxoitomont. The four juniors woro trembling outside, sitting down one moment, peeping through the window the next, and breathing inward prayers for comfort. But all in vain. Tho nervousness wouldn't shake off, and they dreaded the face of Miss Swartly, who was waiting and listening in tho olasB room to hoar tho whole performance. 'I thought there wore two coming,' whispered Smithy, as Eva struck up tho first scale. ' Please, Smithy, don't say that, or else I'll drop !' pleaded Lotty. 'One like tho old fellow insido is enough,' she added, glanoing round to make sure that no one was within earshot. ,. ' Ha ! I told you so. There is a second one, you boo,' Smithy said, viotoriouBly, when Bhe noticed tho form of Mr. Jules Harvey ascending tho stairs. 'Miss Swartly was telling me about him,' she added. 'Keep back girls, don't let him see you straining your neoks.' 'Straining our nooks ! The idea !' said Elsio, indignantly, as sho drew Lotty away towards tho musio- room door. ' He's a bit dooont ; don't you think so, Lot ?' sho added, softly, as she scanned tho second — a youngor and more rofined-looking goutloman — as ho entered, taking his place near a tablo a little behind Eva. ' I hopo ho will take pity on us,' re Bpondod Lotty, casting an approving glanoo at tho now oornDr. 'He's not unlike Jack,' she added, turning round in answer to Elsie's call. ' Did you notice the buttonhole ??' queried Elsie, her pearly teeth flashing between the smiling, parted lips. 'Keep quiet, Elsie; you forget Smithy has her ears well open.' 'Oh, she doesn't know what we're say ing; she's listening to Eva,' said Elsie, throwing a contemptuous eye on the person referred to. ' Besides, she just let the cat out. (Miss Swartly was telling me about him.) Did you hear that, Let ? I wouldn't mind risking a pair of gloves over the bet, He did get that here. I'm sure those : aro our buds.' After giving another peep at the blooms, Letty said, ' I suppose that is why he waB late. I wouldn't be surprised,' she added; breaking into a smile, but it was half checked by the silent piano, and the appear ance of Eva on the door-step recalled their former gloomy spirits. ' I wonder will I be next,' she asked, half dreading that some one would answer in the affirmative. As soon as Eva made her appearance, heads peeped outside the class-room ,door and beckoned her. Questions unnumbered were asked, as she sank into a, chair almost exhausted. Miss Swartly greedily listened for information, but Eva didn't feel in a mood for details. The .other four stood waiting with half -held breath to hear the next number. It was Elsie's. . Jenny and Letty looked at each other in silence, as the number fell on their ears. 'Give me the loan of your new exam, book, Let. This one's disgraceful,' said Elsie, hurriedly exchanging music, and looking down at herself before walking up to take her place. ' Oh, nobody will look at you,' laughed Jenny, standing up to hurry her friend in. Assuming a solemn and meek countenance Elsie gracefully sat on the stool to go through the dreaded ordeal. 'I wish he would get away from the piano,' she said to herself as the severe looking big eyes gazed on her, sending a nervous shiver through her frame. As she opened the new book which Letty had reserved for the day, her hands trembled, and it fell as she was about to place it on the rack. Picking it Up; the examiner turned the pages, pointing to a passage in the middle of the piece. For an instant Elsie looked astonished, and paused, but at the sound of the voice at her side her fingers fell into position. , Soon the performance w.as over, and feel ing as if she had thrown aside some heavy burden, she walked out.' Her face looked twice its length as she ex claimed, ' I never played so badly in my life.' She.., pioked up her old unbound exam, music and threw it from her sight. 'I don't want to set my eyes on' you again,' she said. , . 'Did he say anything to you, Elsie?' asked poor Letty, who had tears in her eyes. ' Why, he nearly took my head off with a look when the book rolled on the floor. See, how he tore your musio when pressing it open,' she continued, sitting down near Letty. ' Oh, he's horrid !' 'I know I'll fail,' sighed Letty, hope lessly. And then they relapsed into silenoe. ' 'Jen, that's your number, isn't it?' Elsie said, starting at the sound of the bass voice. There was no answer. Jenny glanced about hor for sympathy and a oheering word, but there was no time for either. Casting a lingering look at Letty she faced the examiners. How she got to the piano safely was more than she oould tell anyone afterwards, She stumbled in the soaks. Her fingers were stiff and weak, and before she was half through the first study tears of despair dimmed her eyes. Mr. Munroo paced the floor, gazing at the ceiling now and then, and occasionally whispering to his assistant. Before leaving Jenny summoned up as muoh oourage as was posfaible, and played the pieces fairly well. But sho could not answer all the .questions ho rout to her regarding the signs and abbreviations. When sho got out, stealing downstairs, sho hid away behind the tennis oourt to drown some of the burden in hot tears. She was almost heart-broken. To think that all the hard work, rising before tho moon had sot, and giving up all her old pieces for tho sake of the exam., should be thrown to the wind was anything but con soling. But it didn't interest her any more. She mado surd her name would be missing whon tho results were published. Letty's number was then called. ' Mind tho time,' Elsie whispered, as the poor victim passed through the door. She struggled through the soaleB and studies oorreotly. Seoing that she had worked herself into a high Btate of excitement the burly pro fessor went onto the baloony, and walked up and down, koopiug one ear well raised to oatoh tho dofoots. Lotty was trying to banish the gloomy thoughts as to tho probability of her failure, when, unfortunately, she struck a false note ! A loud unearthly shriek echoed through the room, as Mr. ? Munroe, putting both hands over his ears, tried to shut out the false sound, With fright Letty's fingers flew up from the keys, while chairs tumbled in all direc tions behind her.. In a moment he was on the stool, enraged and fuming, pounding out the whole piece as it should be played. For an instant Letcy flushed to the neck, but the next moment a ghastly hue over spread her countenance, as she dropped un conscious in the arms of the younger pro fessor, who, from behind the chair, had been watching the color come and go. Miss Swartly was just out of the class room in time to see Prof essor Munroe jump ing over the chairs in his wild endeavors to rectify the mistake. Her face grew pale, and her eyes rolled as she ran breathlessly to Letty's assistance, Letty was taken out into the fresh air, while Miss Harrington ran to fetch a little wine. The startling news was soon on the tip of everyone's tongne./ Adele, puffing and terrified, appeared on the top of the stairs. ? and then noiselessly moved into the music- ' room trying to get a look at Letty. ' She looks like a ghost,' she remarked, ' ' addressing a . number of girls who were clustering round. 'Poor Let !' murmured May. 'I do- wish Miss Swartly would take her upstairs.' 1 'But then her exam. ,' spoke Adele. ' ' It would worry the life out of her if she couldn't ' go up.'' 'Here is Eva,' said May, moving back to make way for the anxious sister. Close be hind her followed Miss Harrington with the restorative. All the time Eva knelt beside Letty she could scarcely believe that she was alive for Letty's usually sparkling eyes wore dull' and lifeless, and the pretty red lips pale. Greedily they watched the return of the first flush to her, cheek. It was beautiful to see the languid eyes lighting with a momentary animation, and her pale lips re laxing into a smile at the sound of Eva's wdll-known voice. Before lunch she was herself again, but her examination was deferred until the- ' ' afternoon. Meanwhile, Smithy performed ;- at times she was confused, but she felt confident when it was over that she had outdone Letty. ' 'The two examiners remained for lunch and when Letty next met her enemy most of the fire had died out of his eyes, and he acted less fiercely. But she detested him, and wished from the bottom of her heart that she had left the exam, alone. She was disgusted with the way she played. ' What's the use of working the life out of oneself over those blessed exams.,' she saicf, throwing her book on the chair, when her companions crowded round 'her. 'The, very day one wants to play well one can't.' How they oriticised the examiners when, the door had olosed on them for good. Everyone was favorably impressed by Mr! Jules Harvey, and felt sure that he would' have sympathy for them. . ' ,'If musio takes suoh an effeot on one, I'm thinking I'll never venture another exam.,?' said Elsie, sitting down to the piano to imitate Munroe's pounding, and then giving vent to her joyous feelings in comic and forbidden airs. Her companions took flight aB an indig nant voice was heard outside. ' There is always someone hanging round to spoil everything,' the guility one re marked, artfully slipping behind the door whioh Miss Wright threw open. Smithy alone remained gazing vaoantly down on to the road. All the blame fell on* her, and she was even ordered to olose down the piano, and gather up and arrange the musio in the stand. . There was, no sohool all day on the strength of the exam., and Smithy didn't care to betray Elsie, for she'f eared that the whole sohool would go against her if the holiday were spoiled. Together with this she got a leoture ovor the exam. She had been innooent enough to tell' Adele some simple questions she had in hor confusion failed to answer. And, of course Adele told Miss Wright. ' From that moment Smithy began to« wonder if she would ever hear the end of it. How sho wished the words oould be re oalled. ; 'I'll never tell that Adele anything^ again,' she said, burning with indignation. When Miss Wright walked away, saying the results would decide everything, Elsie bounded from behind tho door, and into the sohoolroom which was dotted with girls some standing in groups of three and four in the corners, others leaning over the desks, or sitting on the window-sills listening and' joining in tho conversation. Everyone was harping on the samo string. Lotty sat in tho centre of a group in tho back desk, tolling her listeners how sho dreaded tho results and wishod sho had nover soon Munroe. ' Elsie, bont on having eomo fun, olosod-; ??'' tho door, and then flung open the piano. At the sound of hor light touch they all rose ? ike magic from their seats, loft thoir oorners and waltzed round the room in the gayest and happiest of moods. Suddenly the music stopped, and Elsie turned round on the stool to speak. 'What about to- night?' she asked. ' Hadn't we better write those invitations now? Look, it is getting *on for 3,' she added making her way to the girls who had clustered together to hear what she had to say. ' :' Yes,, we should get them, ready now, so that Rose can. give them in at tea,' said Letty. ' Won't 'they open their eyes !' she added, laughing. A farewell entertainment had been secretly got up for Nurse Walker, and the leaders of the movement put their heads together and worded the five invitations. 'I wouldn't be surprised if Miss Wright declined hers and took the senior girls up to study. She would do it in a minute,' said Jenny. 'You know they are going down on Saturday week.' 'Oh, she, couldn't be so heartless,' re plied Elsie, sealing the envelopes. 'Any- how we'll chance her.— (To be continued.) MARY AGNES RYAN.\ A lady representative of the Equitable Life Assurance of the United States will be pleased to call on ladies and give full par ticulars re life assurance for themselves, or endowments for their children. Address Mrs. Geoffrey Harper, Equitable Building, George- street. , , Dr. Wilmer, the Episcopal Bishop of Alabama, does not love the Ritualists. 'Finally, my brethren,' said a brother bishop of the Episcopal persuasion, 'beware of monks and monkeys,' and on this text Dr. Wilmer comments thus:— 'For my part I would rather see a monk than a monkey ; and I occasionally suggest to some youthful specimens of the latter species: 'If you don't like the Reformed Churches, the unreformed Church has its doors open to receive you, Go home ! In the name of truth, sincerity and deoenoy, so far as in you lies, be' what you purport to be.'' 'Monkeys' is a .rude term; but the Bishop's advice is inoontrovertibly wise. Vestments do not make a priest, nor lights nor flowers nor inoense a saorifioe. It has for a long time been whispered '.that a small number of Anglican clergy, dissatisfied with the oharaoter of ' their English Orders, have by some means or oiiher— how has never been clearly stated — sought and obtained Orders through an '' Eastern or Oatholio source. Sometimes it has been asserted that this was done on board ship. Dr. Horton, the Oongro gationalist minister, has reoently revived the rumour, and asserts that no less than five hundred Anglican ministers have thus been re-ordained. The 'Ohuroh Times' has challenged Dr. Horton to produce the svidenoe to oonfirm this statement, and Dr. Horton has replied to the gentleman who wrote to him that he is quite able to sub stantiate everything he savd. The 'Ohuroh Times' now demands the confirmation or the withdrawal of the aoousation. We shall be ourious to see the result. 