" : ITEMS OF NEWS. Fortunately, the bob season that is drawing to a close has not been— locally speaking — marked by any fatal ca«es of drowning. Children are always eager for a swim, especially under the high thermometries! readings recorded during the summer, and in the past, several drowning fatalities have occurred. The con struction »f the baths in the Hardens has no doubt largely minimised the danger that appertained to bathing in wvterholos on the diggings, for instoul of having to go to those resorts, the juveniles now have the privilege of indulging in a bath in the Gardens under safer and better conditions. A fatality, however, was narrowly averted in the borough ye-terday, the victim being a little girl named M'Shanag, two years old. She wa- playing with other children near the old quarry in Bull-street, and fell into the water. An alarm was raised, and Mr Thos. Goodad, the well-known hotel keeper, in Hargreave-street north, happened to be in the vicinity at the time. He promptly sprang into the quarry, and brought the fast drowning , child M the bank. Tho poor little girl »» unconscious, but by1 the speedy application of: lestoratives by Dr Wool ley, she soon regained consciousness, and is now little the worse for her involuntary immersion/ The Borough Council should have the quarry protected in such a manner as to prevent children and adults from gaining access to it. In connection with the Fire Brigade's cycling sports, there are 45 entries for the handicap, 20 for tho scratch races of 1, 3, and 5 miles, 35 for the second and third class handicap, and 12 for the local race. It was reported at a Committee meeting held last night, that good progress was being made to ensure a successful afternoon's sport. There will be special trains run from Bendigo and Maldon. It will be seen l>y the programme of the concert to be given in the Theatre Royal this evening, that a great deal of talent is to take part in the musio. Songs, duets, trios, a violin solo, and an orchestra, aro set dowu to be given by both the well-known musicians, and by those who will make the acquaintance of a Castlemaine audience. A handsomely executed calendar, with illustra tions, .has been forwarded to us by- the- Equit able Life Assurance Society. At the Police Court yesterday, before Messrs Mitcholl and Mapson, Js.P., a suit for debt was /brought by Robertson and Co., against the Old -American Q.M. Co., for L8 18s 6(1. MrNowetl appeared for tho Company, ;and asked for an adjournment, ns there had been a change of management. Mr Best, for plaintiff, objected to a postponement, as sufficient time had elapsed for payment of the account. Tile debt was proved, and an ordor was made for tho amuuub, with LI 14s costs. The train arrangements in connection with the forthcoming encampraont have been prac tically decided. The sdvanced parties will arrive e-rly on Wednesday, the 6th prox., some by the early morning train, ' aha some by the following one. The greater portion of tho forces will travel by special trains reaching Ballarat some time between 11 o'clock on Thursday night and tho next morning. Tin- 4th Battalion will leave by train at 9.30 on Thursday night. The Rangers are expected to got into camp at two a.m. Good Friday, and the Bendigo and CostlHifiaine Rifles about the same time. The line to the camp is a single one, and there is no lay-off at the camp siding, consequently the railway arrangements will have to go with out that ' hitch' so popular in journalese if the Bendigo men and the Rangers are to get to coup beforo sun up. v; The Coliban River being so low through the continuous dry weather, prospectors are busily- engaged prospecting the said river bed for the precious.metal.- - - ;,-j; -vjoi '' 'Gclli! A :! Commandant. , Booth at:,the..' Salvation ('Army congress at the Melbourne Exhibitidn Buildings,'' on Sunday, delivered: an sddress upon Paul and' Athens; 'If, ' he said, 'Paul 'wq(e:.to'cpme''t6. the streets of marvellous' Melbourne—' privileged as Athens 'was' not .privileged- ho' yvnuld speak aa-I am-poing to speak to you .'.now. If ;jie brtiild see Melbourne,,' which jiL privileged, stand on an altitude" of time; anil to look batik to the glorious consummation of Calvary and. the life of Christ Melbourne, ,jiuilt. up.largely upon ' the answers /'to ,»thel .'prayers, of God's people in ages gone by ; Melbourne, favored with light, education, liberty, sti'd i ; all '-.that freedom can do for a nation ; Melbourne, with a Bible in every house, a Sunday, school on every hill, and cburchcs'rwithlstpeples pointing upwards as silent witnesses to tho great God of tho heavens -if Paul' .came , back, his spirit would be stirred within liith when'he saw-'this marvellous Molhourne — (good Gofd I do I speak the truth of tho'gYetit'majofity /of its: citizens1?)' —given over to idolatry _ worse than the idolatry of the Athenians' ; 'given over to sporting, gambling, . luRti, crimo, chicanory death doom, nd perditiqn 1 (Groans of I' Amen.") iO Dff.C". . V; . In on interview which, a reporter of. tho ' Ben digo Evening Mail' /had /yesteyjSwitk? Mr; .George Lansell relative 'to the dismissal of /men? :from the 180 mine, that gentleman Stated tliat ' ' if . thoso men (against whom ho had made no accu- sation) who voluntarily refused to be lowered down to their places on Monday wook had gone to work on that day they would havo been work ing at the present time. I havo made li'o. accu sations against the men ; they all left of their own accord." What about tho Little 180? was the next question, and in reply to this Mr Lansell said lie had shut that dorm simply because it would not pay to work it by itself, and when tho men knocked oil' at the big mine he had to close the other down. ' A robbery was committed at the Queen's Hotel in Mitchell-street, Bendigo, on Monday night. Jewellery to the value of L8 belonging to a Miss Frayiio was abstracted front an upstairs room. Sir George Turner is recruiting 'his health at Macedon. Sir George will spend a few days at the Governor's summer residence. Tho Premier, although still making ifair progress towards recovery from the recent operation he underwent, is very weak, and the long Cabinet meeting at his private residence on the Federa tion Bill was rather too much of a strain upon him. ... , ,, According to the Acting Government Astro nomer, we are likely to have cooler weather during the: next 24, hours.; /There is, however,, little or no' prospect of rain. The passengers, mails, and specie by the ill- fated P. and: Of Uner OmnaV left Terte'im' Sun day in the same company's steamer Carthage, and continued the voyage via Brihdisi to Lon don. ' Lord Salisbury's health is unequal to the strain of the Premiership and - Foreign Office, and according to to-day's cables the 'Times' is urging him to relinquish the latter- portfolio to Mr Axthur Balfour. . The Prime Minister was 68 on the 3rd of last month. The Commissioner, of Railways, Mr Mathieson; was nuked to prepare a report showing the. probable effect, on the Victorian railway revenue of the adoption of cet tain. clauses in the:Federal Constitution. The report was completed and forwarded to the Premier, on Thursday last. : Mr .Vlathieson's report will' be found to show: that the department will not suffer to any appre ciable extent by ihb operation of those'clause's. The Minister of Mines has. been informed, that a petitii n is being signed l-y those interested in the lead and silver mines at Mount Deddick, ; Ea-t Gipp-larid for presentation to the Govern-, loent, asking that a narrow-gnuge line should be: constructed fr in Lakes Entrance to that . field, a distance of 60 miles, for the conveyance of ore and stores. There is at pre-ent a bridle track from Gelantipy to Mount Deddick cut by the Mines Department, but it is asked that it should ba at unce widened into a road, so as to enable vehicles to take machinery to tho mines. Mr Foster, while not assuming to be a civil engi neer, thinks from his knowledge of the country, thai a light 2ft. 6in. could be built for about £2,000 a mile,. as the sleepers and ballast would be obtainable along the route. Duriug the past four days' no fewer than four patients have been sdmitted to the M-lbourne Hospital suffering from fish- poisoning, and in all of these cor-s the 'malady - was induced by so- called fresh fish. ' During ..-.the past few days (says an' Avoca correspondent), some individual has been- play ing ghost, appearing at various places distant from two to tour utiles from the town. Already five persons have se»n the 'apparition,' which tliey report to .be of tall stature, clothed in white, and with a long black beard/' ' He issues suddenly from the darkness, and disappears by means of tremendous leaps. and bounds. He is stid to jump fences with the greatest of ease. Latterly travellers, by' the. reads in the, neigh bourhood: -referred; to. have- taken; to carrying firearms withia .view of, getting. a.: shot at,. the spectre, but So far no; chance lias occurred.:-. . The R-.h.S. India has taken , aboard/upwards of 16, .000 cases of apples at Hobart. ' There were landed on the Hobart wharf on 22od. inst.,: from the steamer Oonah on her return trip from'Sydnsy, no fewer than 800 cases of apples, rejected'by the -New South Wales in spectors, out- of 4000 cases seiiti " There, are. no copper: coins ., in .use. in . Johan nesburg, the smallest piece of money being ilie threepenny-bit.-; ! At the Geelong Butter and Cheese /Factory the milk supply was ..'diminished', to.' the ex- rent ' of 14; 110. gallons duri ng the past", half-' year., ... ; . At Tamworth the otbor day a well-known resident named Francis Henry Boland died from the effects, of. poisoning.-, He. had eaten half a pound of amnio;-. - - o t;-..Y The Public'- Service Reclassification' Board has accomplished the. first stage of its troublesome task lty conipletin'g' 'an'elabi>rate.e,eries of, inquires into the wdfkingjof . the se'yeral branches' of ' the service grouped within the adminstration of the Chief Secretary's . Department. ; ;The: work has involved - personal .inspection at .-lunatic asylums and gaols at Ballarat, Castlemaine: and other country centres.- The sum ofL150 gazetted -as the allowance to the hoard for expenses incurred, in the course -of its duties will; it' is thought,' turn out to' be inadequate.' t.-: -- : c o Mr H. G Turner,; of the Commercial Batjk, Melbourne,..', who /was ' my ei;oly ;. inj tired , :ui, a coaching accid en't, will lea ve N e, w;...Zealancl ,on! Friday to return to Melbourne; .-/HiV-; medical at teudant regards., his condition >ias satisfactory.: From a lengthy communication appearing in Monday's ' ' Argus' . from its. Bendigo correspon dent, it. would appear thaV pilfering,, gold -from mining companies by, 'miners employed in claims is quite "eommim in" Bendigo. The registration Qf .gold-buyera .has. been .advocated,as a, means tif checking what, is represented to' be a growing ovii;".. ; . f-j ! 7 " -i .' A Over 3000 people attended, the farewell- pert, ;vice to the Rev.-W. S., McQueeniat.the Baihuatl Alfred Hall on:Sunday. : He has:;accepted the! pastorship- of- Wiekham terrace-' "Church; Bris--: hand, ' ( the " principal ; Presbyterian Church in : Queensland. ' ' ' On Monday'/evVthing a boy:hamed' Sutton caught a 501b Murray cod ' hear .the. Echuea .wharf, oil' a'- threepenny" lino' with "a' piece' of corned beef.' A swagman who.had travelled all the way from .Melbourne , ' on. the! neyer' ly.ithout one penny in,his scrip, struck : a'. pieco:;t)f. 'iuok at Sultry; .Gully oh S/ridayijwheniamongst. the, tailings.and gravel that had- ;beon carted , from the Midas claim to make up the road,- ho . picked up a Buz nugget,: battered. 'iandii flattened by- innumer-: able wheels having passed' over it. '" ' : The death is announced of Mrs Parnell,' mother of the late'Irish political leader, Cliarles Stewart Paruell. Mrs Parnell died at Avondale, County Wtcklow, Ireland, in "consequence of having been severely burned through an accident. Since -the 1st of January of the-prekeht-' yoar 100 cases; pf typhoid; fovor: have been admitted to the Maryborough Hospital. Tho institution "at the present lime is oiowded. Uneasjhoss ia; folt at \Vellington /regarding'tho, ship Margaret Galhraith, from Nelson. The yeaijel -was pff.the- Heads on Monday laat, but was blown away by a heavy northerly gale, and has not since been seen. ; , The Now Zealand Railway Department esti mate that there will be a surplus this year of LOO, 000 