' " IGNESFATUI, BT A BANKER. . Afnooget the natural phenomena which,BO far, has not been satisfactorily explained by scieptiats, and even at 'bis : lijr'of advanced' knowledge remains an ^ unsol ved mystery, in the strange lambetotfUisa wbicb hovers overchuichj>rdi 4 marshes, arid undrained swatnpi», ! scientifically k'rio.wn as igriia fstuus, and popularly termed Wilt o* the Wisp, Jack •'Lanthorn, and other fanciful . nsoriM i ^Fbis 8^i>t)ge fife,'if thafc 4an'be dalled ft fire whirb dors not burn—variesvprv MHch ib feppraranee. 66mrtimrs it present a the Wsp^t ef ^ bsll of firA dancing ! ' and rolling atoutbvar the tuxr-ah in playful gUV,new and again, perhaps, when ftrilrinfr agairist" a slirub or oiber obstruction, scattering a shower of isssller balls, wbicb hi their tnrn would dance and play about, net necessarily, low-ever, in the wake of ihe parent ball, which continues its wayward carper,. m 'shfflfog ' a ^ery trilby Slow changing into a yellow or amb*r, Ih'ti fading iattf tiki uodrfinrd greenish ' tintj'ta burnt out again into i purpltbe erratic iUumiaation at length, perfcaps^'after gHmb'tiiiag about in quite frolicsome raobd, ascending high up in th« air odtil it ii IMM6 tfiow, , A"d semptimM theiriock flame pre •ems a " more weird and ghestli •ppearanee. ' The belated way fairer,who is traveWing a low-lyipg churchyard at : trit^inj^'boor,^rtfd^ijjli'i/**jBnee, ft short distance jfrou feitii, a' epect ral • prwpnca. havering aboat the tombs _ which his terrified imaginft ion imj. Mediately regards as « disembodied spirit ft veritable ghost. The phantom appnri tion faintly shines with' a quivering •ore of lambent flame, sometimes alowly ^c&ifig;,'- 1 sometimes advancine, the frightened nerves of the terror-struck wayfarer exaggerating the harmless ^ ffliiASnftdcolumn into £ ueu'sctng ghbu I * ftifb«p#d frera the place ot pUDishmont, WHI. peeking in vain for the mortal 1 TCmaiuaof its former fleshly habitation, •bd. resenting his intrusion, momen- Wily intending'to.eeiXn and carry him otf to «owe terrible iofernoi Witjb palpitating heart he flees away, stumbling over tombs, ha til 'perhaps at l^ngtb d b a y b l W a bl h A h A i o hb s d w In the ^afrrnttis he pluiagou headlong Into an open grave, and is discovered ' the n^xt thorning by the grave-diggers in a pitiable plight, and gradually recovering' from the horror of . his abject terror. An^ all this beoausa he IB SO ' simple and witless as to believe that there ai^sbch things asghosts '; and 'to imagine that it Would be permitted that lost souls s^oold ba allowed a respite from the place of punishment in order to frighten a few silly girls or intellectually weak men ! For we may be guito certain that tools ia Paradise, even ifthey" h'aif thV powerj would not Wish to do n, and would prefer the glertes of the third heaven to mas- ^u>radifrg in a sheet fa an obscure Tillage cnurenyard at dead of night. It is, however, unquestioned that sorcerer* frqm'tbevery earliest ages have had" tbeoccult' (and Dittnalv forbiddenyjtower, by means of what is Bow called hypnetiBm, at making, even a number' of peraons icongregated together,'' believe that they can see ohjeota which have no real existence, •nil can even in aome cases compel persons to believe that they have seen a •'ghpBt. 1 Some af the marvellous tricks of Indian jugglers appear to be produced by this agency, as the detective camera, which cannot be hypnotized, incontcstably proves thkt the extraordinary events which we believe we have seen with our very «ye« did net taka place, bnt were only an hallucination produced by the wizard,s hypnotic power. Sometimes,'in the gloaming, the ignis fatuus playing abeut at the edge ef a morrass is a atikingly attractive apectaclo, but woe be to him who attempt* to paraae one of the dancing faries, for it will probably lead him into the morrass, into which he may eiok deej»r and deeper down, the more he struggles the guicker; bis liviag entombment | r And just so is it with the silly yemb who, in the puranit of so-called ple«ure, finds himself sinking deeper and desper into the miry morass of Bin, whence the only possible means of rescue is by laying hold of the hand of Him who haa astoned for those sioB. If ha refose or neglect to do this the horrible pit must shut her mouth upon him for ever! 