__q $ 1IA 9a Ls tIIAPTE? II.-Coxerameo. "Perhaps the impression was correct, my son, but I do not like to have you cast your life lines at the call of a stranger." "Now, mother, that was just the feeling that came to me-that I was a stranger to one-half the world." The mother looked at him with an unusual tenderness-of course the sacrifice had to come some time. "Conrad, you are on the threshold of love." "Yes, I believe I am. I am old enough, fortune is ours-and a fair name. I am lonely." "With your mother?" said Mrs North, with downcast eyes. "Yes, even with our queen." And the son arose and pressed the face of his mother to his lips. Nor was he satisfied until he had kissed her over and over again. And the mother smoothed the light hair from his brow. The time ' was soon coming-she knew it was near. "I am satisfied, she gently said; "but I do not like to have my son dwell in thought upon a young woman whom he does not even know." "Bless you, mother," replied Conrad, with a ringing laugh which echoed flear to the garret, "I am not in love withi this young lady-it was only a dream which her face put into my mind; it was only the story of a face. No, I am not in love soeasily as that" There was no smile on the motheor's face, but there was a very broad one in her heart. She remembered a story of the past when -she went star-gazing with a certain young Vander Nort-whoeu Boston was quite a sue Scessful village. "Well, my son," she said, "we will have to face the danger bravely, and face our neigh bor's daughters, too. There is Mlirs. Scribner -she is well contented and--" "She's too young-not 35 yet," said the jutiful son. His ancestors had always mar rled in the line of parental direction and '"OTRER," SAID THE BON ONE DAY AS HE ENTERED THE SITTING-ROOM, "I AVEI MADE UP MY MIND TO MARRY." llial duty, but the veioln of old Dutch humor would defy parental affection, and ago as well. "There's the lovely Widow Weber-" "Oh, mother, spare the widows." "Look out, sir," she said, cutting him abhort. "Mother," said the son, going over to the window and plucking the leaves from one of her choicest plants, "I suppose every one has an ideal-my ideal has character." "As for instance- " "I do not know. You smilel" "Yes, Conrad; I smile because you have seen a face-and that will be your standard of character until the moon changes." And the mother laughed one of her happy little laughs-she loved her boy so. "I suppose so-I will wait on the moon." "Or on some gardener's daughter." And the little lady throw her arms around him and looked him in the face proudly. "I think she is a schoolma'am, mother. Good night; you will be asleep when I re turn." He took himself away, and a half hour later passed the very spot where he had seen the face over which he had evidently been day- dreaming. Strange mortals we-all of us. And mother I Well, she sought her bed at an early hour, said her prayer and slept. "It was a whim ; the first of many, doubt less." And when upon the trellis, clothed in green, came the birds in blue and gold with morning song, and the sun shot its yellow beauty through the leaves, the mother rose, wondering why she had slept so well I him from "an orphan hell whire a brat." Even his name was unknown to him. No one had ever told him why he was called Pinnie-ho had no other name-unless It wore Spanero; and Spnnero had knocked him down once for using that title on an occasion where a second name seemed desirable. S"And have you never worked anywhere else F asked thegirl, who had listened to the story with great interest. ' "No, because Spanero always told me about it. Sometimes he speaks to me kind ly." "Told you about whatt" asked the young woman. "About how cubs' were worked to death as soon as possible to make way for now ones." "And you believed thisr said Helen, looking into his face in profound wonder. "He knocked me down if he thought I did not believe what he told me." "And have you never talked with the other painters during all these years)" asked the astonished girl: "I heard one of the men say once that Spanoro told him that I was alittle daftonce and had never recovered. I asked Spanoro what he meant by 'daft' afterward, and he flew atme with his knife. So Inever asked again." Helen looked at the boy for a moment and for an instant it occurred to her that possibly he was not of strong mind. But of all the toilers at the school, she had found this boy the most intelligent within a limited range, and she determined to know more of.him. Then Plunie recalled her to the topic, "Is It not true?" "Wlhat, Pinniel" "That men kill boys by working them to death it they have no parentl"' "No," said the girl, Indignantly. "Pinni, did you really never have'any one to love you?" "To what?" he asked with a curious look on his face. "To love you-like you?" "Oh, yes," he said sadly, "I think your pictures love me. I stay by them after you go at night." The girl turned upon him in the street, and a pallor spread over her face-followed by deep crimson flushes, even to her snowy neck. Whatdid this childish talk moan what iniquity had there been here that this mystery of life should appear in the very heart of a cityl "Pinniel" "Yes, Miss Lament." But she did not continue. Wasit possible, after all, that the boy was of unsound mind?. Sho changed the subject. And so they walked and talked until they reached the outskirts of the city. "Pinnie," shesald, "Iamdong all the talk Ing-do you never chati" "No, I think not." "But I know there is a deep thoughtin you somewhore" . He turned his eyes away, and slowly whis pared, "There may have been once, but I have lost it." "No, Plnnle, itls not lost-it is laid aside I for all these years, and we will flnd it." "Miss Lamont," the boy replied with a heavy heart, "I sometimes think so. Rather the feeling is pro sent when I do not think." Helen had seen a like expression on his face -once when he looked upon a painting, of himself, which she had quickly put on canvas for amusement. The intellectuality had been painfully magnifled, but from that picture Pinnio had caught an inspiration. She said nothing to him. He dropped the hand that he had taken and continued, speaking slowly and carefully: "There are times when the dream life you have spoken of goes away-and a big door opens wide, and I see that I have lived in prison-and when I want to go out I-I dare not." Still she uttered not a word. She wasnot sure of her footing in such depths. The dream of life of which she had spoken was made up of pleasant hopes playing hide-and seek with the common facts of life. "Then I dare not-I- " He broke off, and began again. "I dare not stop beyond-but I think, some times, very, very hard-of what, I hardly know." Still Helen kept silence-wise unto the moment. "I think of those who have seen and talked with the children, and the flowers, and the woods, which we paint. And I think that perhaps if I had seen the great sea, and the ships, and the life you and others talk of then I might have thought-is thatthe sea, Miss Lamont? Is it? That is the seal" He had lifted his eyes-and they rested upon the waters of the bay, in sight of which they had come by the turning of a corner. They stopped. He stood motionless and speechless, and with fixed staro and hands to his eyes, shut out the other world-and gazed upon the realm of waters-unconscious of her presence. Oh, sad'awakening I In all the upheavals and overturnings of after life, when the electric impulse aroused fear, love or passion, Helen Lament never felt such a thrilling of profound sympathy, anger, surprise and mystery as at this discovery of human wrong. The facts revealed were still In the shadow-but her soul revolted against the outline-representing the dwarfage of this life. She stood by him for a moment and caught her breath. " Pinnie, Pinnle, my poor boy, what does it mean ?" she cried. "It is tho sea, the great seal" Like the revelations of the lightnilg in the darkness was the sudden change from sadness to joy upon his face, "And why do you say this'! asked Helen, suppressing her own feelings. "Of course it I| the sea." But within her breast there Snawned a fuller conception of the awful crime against this waxen-faced youth. Pinnie turned his face and plodded on, bent, over and thoughtful. He had gazed upon the ocean, and his soul was filled as with the realization of a dream. He was un conscious of the girl by his side. FSe walked on, deeply mystified. At last he spoke to her without lifting his head: "And, Miss Lamont, this is thogreen grass -and this is the country of our paintingso" "No, PInille, this is not the country; see here are buildlugsl" "A few, so far apart," he muttered, look ing at the residences within tholarge suburb an lots. "And there are flowers-not paint ed, are they? I can smell theml" And he leaned over a fence in transport to catch the rich perfume he had never known boforel The time had come when Helen couldboar the uncertainty no longer. She put her rwhite hand on his arm and sald earnestly: "I do not understand you, I'lnnio. Do you mean that you have never seen the sea be forol" "I haveoften heard of it. My life be gun on the sea-it was my birth-place, I suppose." "And you have not seen it for a long timeo" "I never reaemnbeir to have seen it." "lHow? And lived in this city for years." "I have lived nt the school," Pinnie re plied. "And you have not seeon the flowers and the woodot" "Oh, yes, indeed; I see them every day -you know," said hi, looking at her smr "Then why have you not seen the sea. "Oh," he responded, with some hesitation, "You mean these, the living trees and flow orsl I-I-have seen the-the painted flowers." The tone and the look-out into the world be forehim-would have touched h stony heart winl pity. To the melting heart of thelovely girl, herself battling for life in the open world, it was crushing. She wept. The shadows of evening were gathering about them, and no one was near. She had open od the door of a prison house, of the exis tence of which she was unconscious, and still to some extent unbelieving. The reality was beyond imnmediate relief. Oh, of man's sad want-this was the most touching she had over ?nown or dreamed. It was the starvation of a soul. "Miss Lamont," he said, after her tears oere dried. "I think I know something of hby you cry. But your life must be happy with all these richosl" "I have no riches, child," she replied. "These are the riches of others," pointing to the houses and gardens. "I have nothing butmy hands and thoughts." "Riches," he muttered. "I have seen the woods and flowers and the sea-what are riches, Miss Helen, that others have and we donotl Where arethey" "I cannot tell you now, Pinnle. But all these things that you see are not ours." "God does not give them away, I suppose," said the young man with the simplicity of a little child.. "Why, Pinnoe, youn must have read of these things," exclaimed the girl suddenly. "No, I cannot read." "You? You cannot read?" she asked in astonishment. "No ma'am," Piunie answered, hanging his head. "You never told me this. I would have taught you." "I was going to tell you. Are we near your home, Miss Lamonti' "Yes, Pinnie, it is close by." "May I not rest here a little? This is a great ways. I did not know the miles were so long." The boy sat down on the edge of the pave mont, mnder the oak tree, which still remain ed of the primeval wood, within a few rods of the house whither they were going. He looked again upon thq sea and the woods, over which darkness was slowly gathering. Then up rose the moon, in its full, silvery splendor. The glory of the scene swept over him with an incomprehensible power. iHe hadl seen its beauty oft before, set round with brick walls, but now, rising from the water with its sheeny banner trailing over the broad waters, was a picture for which there was no language within his. powers. He was glorified, and. spread his arms over the vista, as if the sublim ity might in some degree escape him. STruly, the grandeur of the universe wa Spoured into his soul, and all the infinite pos sibilitlos of a mysterious nature overwhelm ad him. He sank down upon the walk, covy ored his face with his hands and wept, for what he know not. In the presence of thisnew and wonderful revelation to the soul of the youth, Miss Lamont withdrew a distance-and witnessed that of which philosophy can furnish no counterpart-the overpowering sense of the majesty of God filling a soul fol the first timel Butan end must come-and any descent frolm such hights of contemplation, on the part of either the enthralled youth or the silent witness, must be painful. She came to him, touched his arm, and said: "Come, It is night; we must go." He rose mechanically--ad walked by her side as an automaton. Ho looked neither to the right hand nor the left, but trudged on. They reached the gate. As he stood by to lot her enter and lead the way, a long hollow cough startled him from reverie. Looking up he saw an aged, bent, thin, gray-haired man about to pass. With an unaccountable instinct, which is a part of our better nature, the old man lifted his eyes to nod a passing recognition-and immediately brought his shambling feet to a dead halt. He riveted a cold, gray, cunning pair of stony eyes on the youth, but not a muscle moved on his pallid, yet ashen face. The youth returned the steely stare with the unflinching look of Innoocen, and ignorance, and wonder. What was the fascination in those livid features? A sickly faintness came over hinl-he swayed to one side, and would have fallen had not the old man with sudden energy grasped the youth with unnatural strength. Taking him by both shoulders he gasped, with a hoarse whisper: "I have you nowsl" Helen, who had gone before to the door, shrieked at the sight of this slidden assault, and rushed to the. gateway. But the old man had fled, and Pinnle lay upon the ground. As the apparition took wings in the gathering gloom, be left as the only legacy of mystery the exclamation: "My God, it is not a ghost-not a visionl" and ahollow cough echoed back as he passed Into the gloom. CHAPTER IV. WILKINS AND THE POET. ILKINS was a phil. osopher, whose search Sfor the "higher life" was continuous. He was a politician, whose mission it was to t purify the uncleanly S pool, and whose high. est ideal of political reward was a foreign mission. He possessed that spirit of ceaseless activity which obliged him to be always busy. And had not mod. ern philosophical investigation occupied his -tudious hours, he doubtless would have found solace.in the quadrature of the circle, duplication of the cube, or some other mind wrecking theme. But in every channel of his nature (here ran a current of old-fashion ed goodness. He might have been 40 years of age at the time this story makes his aqualntance, and the quiet run of his conversation waslike the flow of a river broad and deep-and slow. Wilkins was in love. At a little cottage in the suburbs of Boston he was summoned to meet one of the sweetest and most charm. nag.little widows that the heart masculine ever warred against, and surrendered to. His siummons was of a legal nature, and had nothling to do with the profound sentiments of dual unities. The little lady was literary-one of those harmless ones, who can do a little in verse and still sigh for no worlds to conquer. She was so fortunate once as to have one of her compositions accepted by that critical "all wool quarterly," which not only published the bright seedling, but spoke well of it-just asn i an editor would pnibllsh anything he "'BUT,' BAID HELEN, 'WILL TOU LIT M? It?n IlOIl MY ITAlIlnI"' wouldn'tthink well oil Nico littlo, plump little, awoot little Mrs. Jennio Smith was not upset, however, by her success-that is, not completely. For did sho not discover that the bald-headed raven who gathered in the scanted note papor had prepared the wmter in certain lines and modilled the rhyme in others? fro IEx o0oNTNrmnDA 