CURING CLAXTON. Ned Claxton was the bully of the works. A fair hand at his trade and regular as the clock, he had been promoted to the position of fore- man in the moulding-shop, vested with a little real and much imaginary authority. Ned had never been a favourite with any of the hands for a sourer or more tetchy mortal never drew wage at Cranelea Works. His elevation made him intolerable. It was a nine days' wonder at the works that so gentle a rise in the industrial scale could have given any sane creature so in- flated an idea of his own importance as that which Claxton possessed after being raised to the position of foreman. He was one of those who believe that authority is meant to be exer- cised, so was very prodigal in his use of such as lay in his hands. The 'prentice-boys abhorred him, whilst the older men would have disdained to kick him. He was snappish and overbearing, without a thought save that of getting the work out of hand as quickly and cheaply as he could. And in this, it may be chronicled as matter of fact, that he was less successful than old Dave Maitland, who preceded him, or young Bob Crewdson who followed him. Both were quiet and methodical, but the moulding-shop prospered under each of them. Claxton wasn't always a bully. Before he gave the job up he changed, and it was Bob Crewdson who changed him. Bob's treatment nearly gave Claxton his final promotion—or degradation. But that's the story. Bob was a strapping young fellow of twenty two, smart and steady, with a head full of technical school, and an irrepressible desire to get on. He had served his time at the Crane- lea works, and had laid one of the proprietors under a debt of gratitude to him, so was re- garded as being peculiarly " well in" with the management. How Bob had done himself a good turn was by saving the life of Norman Westleigh, son of Charles Norman Westleigh, one of the proprietors and managing director of the works. Norman, a frolicsome lad of nineteen, was in the fitting-shop learning the business. Bob and he had become attached to each other. One hot July afternoon Norman had slipped out to have a dip in the works' reservoir. He was a poor swimmer, and after swimming into deep water became exhausted. His cries for help brought the hands out of the moulding-shop en masse. Seeing a head in the reservoir, Bob Crewdson dashed into the water and after a hard struggle deposited Norman Westleigh on the bank, more dead than alive. For which action Charles Norman Westleigh and his son were ever after grateful. The attachment between Bob and Norman grew stronger. Generous and true-hearted, Bob Crewdson detested Claxton " He's a disgrace to the works," he would say. " If I were principal I'd clear him in twenty minutes " Claxton learned of the mutinous thoughts and feelings which possessed Bob Crewdson and would gladly have kicked him out of the place. But Claxton's authority fell short of any summary execution or disrating of Crewdson. And each of them knew it. The latest addition to the large staff of the Cranelea Works was a wisp of a boy named Peter. He was a wee, blue-eyed laddie, with hair as soft and light as flax, and, according to the best information to hand, was nobody's child. He was 13, had come out of an orphan- age, and was living with an old woman whose principal means of livelihood was an old- fashioned and creaky mangle. Peter had come into the works to make his living, like a man. Claxton bullied the boy until he cried from sheer bewilderment. One cold and stormy day Claxton sent Peter out for his own dinner. On getting back. Peter tripped over an iron bar which lay on the floor at the moulding-shop, and in an instant Claxton's dinner mingled with the black sand and the fragments of the plates which had contained it. A loud laugh broke involuntarily from the men as they observed the disaster, and three of them ran to the aid pf little Peter. Claxton grew black as thunder. Storming at the lad for being a clumsy young fool he administered to him a heavy cuff which stretched him a second time on the sand. " 'Ere," he growled. " Go right back to my house and, bring some more dinner, and let me see you throw that away and I'll sack you. Go on, you little fool !" It was raining hard. Peter who had on but a thin " slop " jacket, hobbled away, rubbing his leg. Three quarters of an hour later he hobbled back again with the fresh dinner, wet to the skin. At night the lad went home chilled to the marrow, took to his bed, and remained in it for nearly a month, tenderly cared for by the old mangle woman. " The scamp wants shooting for treating the kid in that way," said Bob Crewdson, learning that little Peter was at home struggling with a fever brought on by exposure to the rain. " I'll pay him off for that somehow, or my same isn't Crewdson," he added savagely. At half-past five o'clock that night Bob Crewdeon and Norman Westleigh were observed in subdued conversation in the engine-house. Crewdson was explaining something to Norman, the youth occasionally interrupting him with a query or objection upon some point, and Crewd- son pausing to argue or make the matter plain. By six o'clock a scheme, mutually approved of, had been devised. " I wouldn't like to get the scoundrel the 'sack,' though he deserves it," said Bob Crewd- son, as they were on the point of parting for the night. " We'll be quite with him, though, see if we're not." Like most bullies, Ned Claxton was at heart un arrant coward. It was the knowledge of this that led Bob Crewdson to determine almost to " frighten the life out of him," for his harsh treatment of the hands in general, and of little Peter in par- ticular. It was six o'clock on the morning but one after Crewdson and Norman Westleigh had plotted together in the engine-house. Ned Claxton had just entered the works with a con- sequential air. Bob Crewdson, hands in pockets, and the very picture of nonchalant in- difference, approached him. " Good morning, Ned," said Bob airily. " Mornin'," growled Claxton, casting a con- temptuous look on the young moulder. Bob Crewdson started back. His hands rose before him as a look of alarm overspread his face. " What's to do with you ?" said Claxton gruffly, with an oath. " Good heavens ! What's the matter with you, Ned ? " exclaimed Crewdson, gazing with a startled took into Claxton's eyes. Claxton turned pale. " Wha—what's to do ?" he asked, with terror in tone and features. " Why—you're like a corpse, man. Go and look in the glass in the office. What's the mat- ter with you ? " " Nowt as I know of," came a shaky reply, as Claxton, now hardly able to walk steadily passed on. Approaching the moulding-shop he encoun--i tered Jake Grainger, a moulder. Jake stopped ; stepped backward, and stared into Claxton's face, with a look of blank astonishment. " What's up ?" asked Claxton hardly able to articulate a word. " Are you bad, Ned ? " was the answer, with simulated concern. " Not as I'm aware of. " Why ?" " You look more fit for bed than work. If I were you I'd see the doctor. Man ! You are white as a sheet." Grumbling an incoherent something, Ned Claxton staggered on. Work had started. Claxton had occasion to go to the engine-house. Harry Redfern the driver was cleaning up, after oiling and starting the engine. He turned as Claxton entered, and immediately cast upon him a look of amazement. " What's the matter with you, Ned ?" he asked, gazing intently at Claxton. " Nothing. Why ?" came the answer, as Claxton struggled hard to keep a brave front under this third attack. " You do look bad. You're as pale as death." " Am I ?" retorted Claxton, breaking down again. " You are that. If I were you I would go home and go to bed. There's summat on you. Nowt like taking a thing of that sort in time." Claxton thought so. Muttering an incoherent reply, with a cursory glance round the place he passed out again. He was inexpressibly miser- able. Something must be the matter with him he thought. Something was the matter with him. He could feel it. After an aimless walk around the works, he arrived at the fitting-shop. He had no imme- diate business there, yet he entered and looked around The hands were at work. Norman Westleigh had started and saw him as he came in. As Claxton neared, Nor- man stopped his work and went towards him. " Ne—d !" exclaimed Norman in alarm, " What in the name of goodness has come on you ? You are as pale as death, are you ill ?" " Only middling like this morning," was the answer. " You do look bad. I'd see the doctor at once if I were you. Doesn't he look bad ? " The query was addressed indefinitely to the men near. " He does that," was the reply of voices in unison. " See the doctor," said Norman Westleigh, with a penetrating gaze into Claxton's face. " I—I Mean to," was the reply, as Claxton turned from the fitting shop. He could stand no more of it. A moment later he re-entered the fitting-shop and stag- gered up to Norman Westleigh. " I'm going home," he said, in shaky tones. Tell them I'm ill, will you, Norman ? " " I'll tell them," said Norman, lowering his head to hide the twinkle which was playing in his eye. Before Claxton reached the door of the works he was stopped by a fireman. " Whatever's the matter with you, Ned ? You look as pale as a ghost," was the salutation. " Bad ! " was the answer. " Going home, bad." Claxton passed out, went home and to bed, and ordered his wife to bring the doctor im- mediately. His pale, anxious face was a suffi- cient answer to her look of inquiry. His wife hurried away. In an hour the doctor stood by Claxton's bedside. That there was something wrong with the man the doctor felt convinced when he had finished his examination. Claxton truthfully reported that he felt too ill to talk or eat or do anything. As to the precise mature of the ailment the doctor was as ignorant as a child. So he prescribed a simple medicine, gave a number of wise, hygienic instructions and took his departure. On the following Friday Norman Westleigh entered the moulding - shop at three o'clock in the afternoon in a state of high excitement. Walking up to Bob Crewd- son, he motioned to him to come outside. Bob accompanied him to a quiet cornier of the works. " Bob," said Norman, with unfeigned con- cern, " what in Heaven's name are we to do ? Claxton's dying. It's a fact. They've just sent down to the office to say so. We've frightened him to death." " Bosh !" exclaimed Crewdson scornfully. " It's true as gospel. He's worried himself to pieces. He's dying. They don't know what to make of it, only that he's ill and about done for. If he dies and it gets out, we're in for man- slaughter. Do you understand ?" " Get me his address, and tell them I've gone up to see him. I'll make that all right," said Crewdson confidently. An hour later Bob Crewdson stood by the bed-side of Ned Claxton. For once Bob was alarmed. Claxton appeared to be dying. " Ned !" he exclaimed, grasping the sick man's hand, " have done with this fooling. You're no more ill than I am. Telling you you were ill was all a ' put-up job.' We did it to pay you off for being so snarly and brutal with little Peter. You wanted flogging, you mean scamp. Now turn out and come to work, and behave yourself like a man. You're as well as I am." Bob Crewdson told the whole story to Mrs Claxton and Mrs. Claxton told it to the doctor. The doctor looked grave, and then rated Clax- ton soundly for being a fool. Whereupon Clax- ton commenced instantly to get better for very spite and perversity. On the following Monday morning Ned Claxton turned up at the works at the custom- ary hour. He was changed both in looks and manner. The knowledge that he would there- after be the laughing-stock of the Cranelea Works was an intolerable burden to him. Every vestige of tyranny had been eradicated from him, and he might have worked on bravely un- til he had made by-gones by-gones, and lived down the old and bad record, and the laugh had spent itself. But the sight of little Peter, more fair and frail than ever, coming feebly into the works a fortnight later was too much for him. " I'm going. I can't stand no more of it," he said as he rushed into the office, made a brief communication to the timekeeper, and then slunk away to the rear of the works. They saw him no more. Bob Crewdson was put in charge of the moulding-shop, and little Peter was taken into the office. To-day Bob is the trusty manager of Crane- lea Works, a clever, practical scientist, good- hearted, and respected by 1,500 men. Peter is assistant cashier, and may some day be——but that's another story. 