LITERARY SOCIETIES' UNION. The annual competition in connection with the South Australian Literary Societies'Union took placo in tho Town Sail on Thursday evening'. There was a large gathering of ladies and gentlemen, the attendance showing the increasing- popularity of tho entertainment. His Excellency the Governor (the patron of the union) occupied the chair, and on his right sat Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.C. (president of the union), Mr. K. Johnston, St. Andrews' Lite rary Association, and Mr. C. P. Wreford, Prospect Literary Society (vice-presidents of the union). His Excellency made, in view of the leijgth of the programme, a brief but happy speech.. He referred to the in crease in the number of societies in the union, there being an increase of four—27 as compared with 23. There was also a marked increase in the number of entries for the com-' petition, whilst there were nine magazines as' compared with three sent in on the corresponding occasion twelve months ago. He was glad to notice, too, that tho number of essays bad increased, there being seven as against one. Then, too, he noticed that the poems sent in had risen in number, there being ten, whilst at the last competition there were only seven. There was a slight increase in the number of short stories, there being nine as against four. SirFowell touched on his in tended departure for England, rem arking that he was going away for six months' holiday. Prior to the opening of tho competition Mr. W. R . Knox (organist of the Glenelg Congre-' gational Church) gave an organ recital, play ing the following numbers :—March in G, ''Angelic whispers," "The German patrol," grand fantasia, "Le prophete," "Serenude Italienne." The competition furnished a capital evening's entertainment. It was ; opened by the elocutionary competition among the ladies. Miss K. G. Wylio opened by reciting " Briar rose," a composition by Boyesen. The lady is the representative of the 'King William - road Literary Society, and she acquitted herself in such a manner as to draw the plaudits of tho audience. Campbell Rao-Brown's "Lady bird's Race" was selected by Miss Mabel Hall, of St. Bartholomew's Literary Society, and she gave a dramatic rendering of tho words of the poem. Miss R. Isaacs, of the Menindie Literary Society, is a lady possessed of a deep cultivated voice, and she was heard to great advantage in Tennyson's "The Victim," her effort being loudly applauded. The solo singing by gentlemen followed. Mr. T. H. Mitchell, of the St.. Bartholomew's Literary Society, rendered the ".River of Dart" in a very pleasing manner. Mr. A. J. Lyon, of the Y.M.C.A. Lite.- try and Debating Society, selected the well-known song " Mar garita." He has a nice voice, but a tendency to sing flat-, which somewhat marred the effect. Mr. \V. S. Deane, who possesses a deep ban tone, rendered "Out on the deep." Mr. Deane, who comes from the St. John's Young Men's Society, • did justice to the number, but his singing somewhat lacked expression. The part sinking proven to be one of the most interesting parts of the programme. The Y.M.C.A. Literary and Debating Society were represented by Messrs. J. J. Virgo, A. J. Lyon, F. Vincent, and B. Peatram. The quartet selected was Parry's well-known "The sailor's chorus," which they sang with 3pirit. Polio wed Messrs. J. G. Nash, V. G. Bruer, and W. Deane, the representatives of St. John's Young Men's Society, sang Bishop's "Chough and crow," a number which greatly pleased the audience, who must have come to the conclusion that the judges had been set no easy task in deciding between the competing vocalists. Three gentlemen competed for elocutionary honors, and the audience had the pleasure of listening to compositions each differing from the other. Mr. Maurice Ralph began by reciting Dickens's "Sam Weller's valentine." Possessed of dramatic powers of no mean order Mr. Ralph is to be congratulated on his fine effort. It is somewhat ot a feat of memory to recite Dickens's lines and to accompany each passage with appropriate gesture. But Mr. Ralph acquitted himself with credit, and he was rewarded by applause. Mr. D. P. Heggie, of St. John's Young Men's Society, placed Macaiilay under contribution, selecting from the writer of Lays of Ancient Rome " Virginia." Well adapted for a mixed audience is this selection, and Mr. Heggie recited sometimes jjathetic and again dramatic lines with skilL Mr. L. M. Jacobs is no stranger to the public of Adelaide, and he is to be complimented on selecting for recitation such a fine piece of prose as Dickens's pathetic story of the "Death of Sydney Carton." With rapt attention he was listened to, and the applause which marked the close of the recital showed that it was with pleasure that the old story had been heard. Miss Gluyas began the • solo singing. She selected Adams's "Star of Bethlehem," but ap peared to be slightly nervous; at any rate she got a little too much pace on, due no dotibt to the cause mentioned above. The lady, how ever, has. a pleasing expression, _ and her enunciation is distinct. Miss 01ga"Nienaber, a pupil .ot Mr. L. W. Yeinm (whose pupil, Mr. George Field, carried oif first prize last year), and who possesses a rich contralto, which gave evidence of careful tuition, did ample justice to Blumentlial's "Loyal lovers." Her voice is of good compass, and the repre sentative of the College Park Literary Society sang with excellent expression. Miss K. Joyce (Bartholomew's Literary Society), like Miss Gluyas, chose "Star of Bethlehem," singing Adams's music with much success. Two dramatic scenes were ■ presented, the first by Sc. John's Young Men's Society, who gave " Hamlet," act 1, scenes 4 and 5, the gentle" men taking part being—Messrs. O. P. Heggie, Hamlet; C. F. Beeton, Horatio; J. W. Forrester, Marcellus; S. T. C. Best, Ghost of Hamlet's Father. St. Patrick's Literary So ciety presented Act V., scenes 2 and and 3, from " The liivals." The society was repre sented by Messrs. M. J. Morrissey, Sir Anthony Absolute; H. Byrne, Captain Absolute; L. McMahon, Faulklaud ; L M. Jacobs, Bob Acres; P. J. Morrissey, Sir | Lucius O'Trigger. The impromptu speak ing always causes amusement and in terest. There was no departure from that rule 011 this occasion. Mr. H. E. Poole, of King William-road Literary Society, led the way with " Will the nations disarm ?" Quite a young man, Mr. Poole spoke with composure, and after dealing with trie pros and cons of the subject, said he was prepared to accept the Czar's proposals because he believed they were made in the interests of humanity at large. Mr. _ E. Wood (Y.M.C.A. Literary and Debating Society) bad to deal with "Gas or electricity 2" At the outset he proclaimed himself an advo cate of electricity, one of his reasons being that at present "the city was only half lit with gas." His was a vigorous speech, and he wound up by trusting that the audience would exercise their franchise on Saturday in favor of the "pale white light.'"' Mr. S. Barbour (North Adelaide Young Men's Society), like the other speakers, disregarded the third sub ject, "The sign of the times," and spoke on "'Will the nations disarm." He too was effective. The awards were as follows:— Solo Singing (gentlemen). — Mr. W, S. Deane, 1; Mr. A. J. Lyon, 2. Elocution (ladies).—Miss R. Isaacs, 1; Miss K. G. Wylie, 2; Miss Mabel Hall, "Highly commended." Part Singing.—Y.M.G.A. Literary and De bating Society, 1; St. John's Young Men's Society, 2. Elocution (gentlemen).—Mr. O. P. Heggie, 1; Mr. Maurice Ralph, 2. Solo Singing (ladies).—Miss Olga Nienaber, 1; Miss K. Joyce, 2. Dramatic Scenes.—St. John's Young Men's Society. Impromptu Speaking.—Mr. E. Wood, 1; Mr. S. Barbour, 2. The following were awarded certificates:— : Essay—Mr. I. H. SoIooiod, B.A., North Adelaide Young Men's Society, 1; Mrs. A. Scott Broad, King William-road Literary Society, 2. Short story—Mr. T. H. Smeaton, Y.M.C.A. literary and Debating Society, lj Miss liacey Schlank, Stow Church Literary Society, 2. Manuscript _ magazine—North Adelaide Young Men's Society, 1; Y.M.C.A. Literary and Debating Society,- 2. Poem— Mr. H. K. Willce, St. John's Young Men's Society, 1; Mr. E. L. V oiler, Y.M.C.A. I Literary and Debating Society, 2. I The judges last evening were:—Essays—Hon. I J. V. O'Loghlin, Professor Mitchell, M.A., and Mr. E. Chappie, B. A., B.Sc. Dramatic scenes and elocution—Hon. J. H. Gordon, Canon Green, and Mr. Wybert Eeeve. Im promptu speeches—Hon. J. G. Jenkins. Poems—Mrs. J. J. Beuham and Eev. A. T. Boas. Short stories—Hon. Dr. Campbell, Mr. : J. H. Lyons, and Mr. C. J. Stevens. Solo j singing and part singing—Miss Lucy Steven son, Mr. J . M. Dunn, and Mr. Thomas N. Stephens. Manuscript magazines—Kev. H. j Girdlestone, M.A., lie v. J. G. Hughes, aud Mr. A. Scott. At the Preliminaries.—Solo singing and part singing—Miss Piayford, Mr. Harold Davies, Mus. Bac., Mr. T. J. Jessop, and Mr. W. A. Lucas. Elocution—Mr. B. H. Gillxnan and Mr. W. D. Ponder. Dramatic scenes—Mr. S. J. Skipper and Mr. W. Storrie, jun. Impromptu speeches — Hon.; Alfred Catt, Mr. L. Grayson, and Mr. V. L.! Solomon, M.P. 1 Mr. Symon moved a vote of thanks to his Excellency for presiding and to the judges and to the organist. The competition, he said, j had been exceedingly successful, and most in-j teresting to him ot the many he had the! privilege of attending. Eor uniformity of ex- i cellence .it would be difficult to find any' competition superior to it. As they were all aware his Excellency waB going home for a well-earned holiday, and when back among familiar faces he would be ablo to tell his friends what the soil of South Australia can do .when it gets a little rain. And Sir ■ Eowell would also tell them what the literary societies of South Australia could do. He was sure they would all join ill carrying the motion by acclamation. And Mr. Symon was risjii. 