| The Federal Constitution i BiU. Explanation by Mr. Barton. Mb. Barton, who topped the poll in j the elections held for members to repre sent New South Wales in the Federal Convention some months ago, spoke at Burwood on Tuesday night, and gave a, very clear exposition of the proposed Federal Constitution. We reprint the report from the S. M. Herald of Wed nesday, as being ot great interest to our readers, who will assuredly be called upon within a very short time to vote in favor of or against the union of the Australian colonies. . Mr. Barton, who was received with cheers, said that this was a momentous time at which they had arrived so far as the cause of federation is concerned. This was not a time at which to rako Up old memories which had better be let alone. Many opponents were leaving no stone unturned to do injury to the bill. There was a breach of contract during the last session by increasing the number of i affirmative votes necessary for the carry ' ing of the measure. Members of Parlia ment were opposing it in order that they, might not be less important than they now were. (Cheers.) - Some opponents op posed the i)ill because it was too radical, others claimed that it was too conserva tive ; yet these people, were trying to become united. "Their notions were diverse. They each' wanted a different form ofbm: -L^t]tlfipm' gp forth to the world as the V one man o£e bill party." (Laughter and cheirs.) 'The men who talked as the opponents of the bill did would . never give the country federation. They were, anti-federalists. Mr. Barton proceeded to explain the principles of. the Commonwealth Bill of 1898\. He said that the measure itself confuted the arguments which had been brought against it. He described the manjier in which responsible government was provided for. The British type of constitution was preserved* It was un true that the bill was a slavish cppy of the American Constitution. Both Houses ware to-be elected by the'people, and there was-also given power to dissolve both Chambers. In addition there was to be one man one vote. How, then, could that be an illiberal bill ? Then it was said that they were hasty in the matter of uniting. If they carried the matter at the polls, as he believed they would at the end of May or the beginning of June, it would probably be a year and a half before the constitution could spring into life, and it would be another six months before the Parliament could be called together. Jt would, therefore, probably be two years from now before this Federal Parliament was fully at work. (Cheers.) AH. New South Wales required -was justice. ' If she got that she would be able to hold her own position as the premier colony of. Australia. (Cheers.) Some of the opponents of the constitution were ghost-raisers, and wanted to frighten the honest electors of the country. (Laughter.) In pointing out that the Parliament would have power to regulate trade and commerce he said that the protectionists must be pre pared to face intercolonial freetrade. Federation without intercolonial freetrade would be only a burlesque. (Cheers.) Another point was that the Federal Go vernment would have power to deal with banking and insurance. This would enable the passing of. an Act like the Canadian Banking Act, which gave se curity "to" the "Canadian"banks, "whilst all the banks outside were in a state of panic. (Hear, hear.)- There was a good deal of disappointment expressed amongst the members of the " one-man-one-billl" party because the railways were not at once to be federalised ; but what State at the present time would give up its rail ways 1 The States kept their own land, and the railways were really necessary for the development of the. land. Howevjgr, power was given in the constitution for the Federal Government to take the rail ways over should it ever be deemed neces sary to do this. (Hear, hear.) Passing on to explain the powers of the two Houses, Mr., Barton said that to consti tute one House so that it would always have power to pass a bill over the head of the other House would be a sham and a delusion, so far as having two Chambers was concerned; and lie had not yet reached the pointjof having government by one Chamber only. (Cheers.) The experience of America, and also of the Australian -Conventions, was that com binations of the smaller States against the larger States would not occur. In any event, however, the deadlock pro visions might be adopted as a last re source. But these provisions were not. liberal enough for some of our members of Parliament. The fact was that federa tion was becoming a question not between two opposing sections of the people, but between the Parliament and the people, and it was quite right that the recent prorogation should have taken place, taking away the power of this Parliament to limit the rightB of the people in the matter of federation. (Loud applause.) He had no fear for the future of- federa tion, but he had great fear for the political future of some of the members of our present Parliament. (Laughter.) Mr. Barton then dealt with the finances of the federation and with the control of the rivers, and he was loudly cheered at the conclusion of his addreBs. Alderman Shute moved,-"That this meeting, having he>rd .the principles of the Foderal Constitution Bill of 1898/ explained," is of opinion \hat the measure is just and liberal, and well fitted to be the constitution of the free people of Australia." Mr. Archer seconded the motion, which WSB carried with cheers. A second resolution was also enthusi astically agreed to,-" That thiB meeting expresses its satisfaction that an associa tion has been formed to secure the re quisite number -of votes to ensure'the I adoption of the constitution by the people New South Wales, and is of opinion that a branch of the same should be formed at Burwood, and that subscrip tions be invited to carry on the cam paign. Votes of thanks to the lecturer and to the chairman for presiding concluded the proceedings. } 