A Life Sentence. (from E. ATMM and Osteoid Earrin'i" Bvtkr in Boh**ia,)U THEY hid come out together on the lawn I from the room that was too small to hold two | men and their anger. I Mildenhall's sudden rage had kept him as yet from lealising the full meaning of tne torn lelter which had (alien from the face at his wife's bosom as she left the dinner-table three minutes before. She had swept away, trailing her Billcs auer her, unconscious. Every fresh thought flushed his face anew, and his fingers convul* sively crumpled or rolled the scraps of paper that he clung to with both hands. * Oh, you scoundrel J Oh, you d-d tcoun* drel!' The half-light from the drawn blinds fell on the lelter-the foolish letter, in Kingsmark's handwriting-and .fell, loo, on Kingsmark's white, hardened face, that seemed to peer with a piteous curiosity at what so little time ago WijS* ^ace fr'end* friend, his dear old friend, whom he hod so basely betrayed and that not for love'6 sake, but in the climax of a series of weak concessions to the foolish passion of his friend's wife. The broken voice went on, sounding wearily, like the voice of one who has spoken a lone time. * * And if any one had told me, Jack-only five minutes back-before I-that you Oh, you d-d scoundrel f At the fresh blase of wrath, Kingsmark put up his arm instinctively. * Keep off,' he said, speaking for the first time. The action put a new thought into Milden hall s madness. \Vith a scream like an animal in pain, the big yellow bearded roan threw himself upon Kingsmark, and hurled him to the ground. As they rolled over together, Kings mark felt hands at his throat. His eyes swam in his head-the clutch released for an instant, and before it lightened again, his fingers found what they sought in his breast-pocket. Mildeihal] was kneeling on nim and laughing hysterically; speech was impossible to Kings mark-he tried it; then forgetting everything but that life and senses were leaving him, he struck upward with all his ebbing force. A. tremor ran through the fingers at his throat, and their clasp was loosened. He struggled to his knees. Evelyn Mildenhali seemed to be sitting against the tulip bank, with his head thrown back and his beard pointing upward, just as it used to do when he let off his great peal ot laughter at some jest of his friend's. 'Evelyn I' No answer. Then the blood rushed into the forehead of the man who realized now what he had done. He stepped back into the house and threw on his hat and invemess. When he returned, he leaned over Mildenhali and stlroked his hair with his hand. The man was dead, but the man who had killed him could not think of that now. All his senses were strangely alive to trifles, Through the open window he could see the dining-room as he had left it -the chairs thrust back, the cigar-box open on the table, the wine still in the glasses One of the two who bad sat there was dead-the one who was' alive hardly knew which. The turf was wet. Had a shower fallen ? At dinner ifu had complained of the beat, and languidly predicted rain. Mildenhall's head, lying back like that, must be crushing one of the tulips. Naturally an unobservant man, Kingsmark noticed for the first time that tulip cups shut at night. Something was shining at Mildenhall's bieast. The silver figure of a centadioa bafting the stiletto that slew him. Why wa% there not more blood ? Kingsmark had bought that stiletto and the sirver candlesticks now on the table within, the day the two came away from Pisa, at the end of that long holiday in the sun. He could leave it there safely. No man had looked at it since but he and the dead man who now had it in his heart. He took his eyes fro <1 the hilt, shut them, and turned away hit head. When he opened them again be stooped to pick up something white from the turf-a torn letter -on whose turned-up corner he read 1 Darlin? Hetty." Thrusting this into his waistcoat-pocket, be i went down the avenue with head bent, his boots crunching the moist gravel on the path, now lit: up and spangled by the moonlight. 1 His old friend Long ago they had sworn that the one who died first should return to meet and greet the other on his way. Kingsmark wished that this could be, for then his last memory of his friend would be a reproachful face-better memory than the white throat thrown back in the moonlight. He shuddered, and'reached ont his hands as he walked, as one does struggling to break a nightmare. , Some one was speaking. He had walked into the little lane of light cast by a policeman's lantern. ' Good night,1 he answered in his dream. 1 Looks like more rain, sir.' ' I fear so,' said Kingsmark, and hurried on to escape the coming shower. His old friend ! He almost fell the accus tomed arm thrown across his shoulder. No thought of flight; he was tired, and to-morrow showed dimly at the end of the long sleep awaiting him. Mildenhali had always walked this road with him, and now Mildenhali was dead. Kingsmark wished he was dead too-but perhaps that was only part or the craving for sleep which oppressed him. But it was his erst definite thought since Mildenhali, agar in mouth, had picked the torn letter from the floor under the empty chair at the table head. Another policeman was standing at his gate when Kingsmark fitted his latch-key to the lock. Kingsmark wondered at the strange voice with which he gave good- night to this man. When he had lighted a candle in .his bedroom, he leaned his hands on the dressing-table and .looked long and curiously at (he white face that stared at bun out of the mirror's dark depths. It was interesting to see the face of a man who had ... He threw himself on the bed at the last pitch of exhaustion. . « . » | r . Knock-knock-knock ! What was it-was some one making a coffin ? Hammer-hammer -hammer; No j it was some one at the front door, and a bell was clanging loudly in the empty kitchen. Kingsmark instinctively tore off his coat and put on a dressing gown before be went down. As he shut back the heavy bolts of the front door he was conscious of a light through the ground glass, and of voice3 without. 1 Well, what's up ?' he was surprised to hear j himself say aa he saw two policemen standing on the doorstep. The night smelled sweet of wet earth and leaves. 'Mr. Mildenhali, sir-he's dead, sir-mur dered.' ' Good God !' Kingsmark leaned against the door-post, fighting for breath to say, . I killed him.' 'Yes, sir. Jn his front garden-a knife in his heart, sir,' put in the othir policeman. Kingsmark rubbed his hand across his eyes and looked at it as if he expected to see some thing on it. ' I was asleep,' he said. 1 You see,' went on the policeman, apologeti cally, ' we came to you through you heing so well known to be his best friend-and having been seen with hiit) last of all.' . ' What ?' said Kingsmark. ' * Why, sir, sure you're heavy with sfeep, or you'd remember meeting us as usual, and us giving you good-night, sir-don't you reoollect ?' 'You BOW me walking with Mr. Mildenhali to-night} ' Yes, Sir; of course t did. Corae, sir, rouse yourself. Kingsmark held his two hands ever his head and said : ' Tell me again.' 1 Again and again, sir,' answeied the man, with some temper. 'I saw him and you as usual, and I saw him leave you at your door; and J saw him go back home ami I said good night, but he Sever answered. And then we saw the light and the witod6w ofw*n, and went in and found the poor gentleman slime' deaj on his own lawn with his Jiead among the tulips.' _ Kingsmark's hands tighten*,I thuir' clasp. The dead man had kejit Ins ptcmiV then, and had walked with him that night. A ghost had paced by his side-a ghost's arm had lain on his shoulder-a ghost had come back-the murdered man had saved the murderer. How curious I Kingitnark burst out laughing, and (ell at the policeman's feet. They roused him - or what was left of him. The best part of him lay on the lawn among the tulips. A stupid sense of clanging to life with both hands possessed hicn. Mildenhall had saved hi6 life ; he dared not throw it away. He was condemned to live, He went through an in quest--or dreamed he did -answering questions mechanically with a growing wonder to find his answers believed. What fools people were! And he the greatest fool of all. His old friend ! Kingsmark thinks he went mad a little after this. They called it brain fever. When he got better he tried to tell himself Mildenhall was not dead-had gone to a far country. But even that last rag-the one thing that let any meaning remain to life-was torn from him, for Mildenhall's widow came to see him. ' My darling,' she cried, throwing her arms round him, 1 how terrible all this has been, but X am all your own now.' He did not answer, but she felt the repulsion of denial in the contact of him. The commonpiaoe, pretty face, framed in the yellow hair and widow's bonnet, darkened. Then she spoke, reasonably* softly, with the little lisp Mildenhall had loved to hear. ^ 'Jack, dear, of course it's very shocking and all that. But really it ought to bring us to gether. Why should it part us ?' He drewmrasclf up and laid his/dry lips against her little red mouth. This, too, was part of his life sentence. [ * Why, indeed ?' he said, with a shijfr. And sat with his head bowed in the shadfw of the night coming. I 