THE QUIET THINGS THAT ENDURE, Iy E. GRIIFFITHS JOQNS, r .A. "What I tell you in d:arknesas. thea sJDpeak Ye in light; and what ye hoar fr the -.r, that preach ye upon the house. tope.:'--Matt. x., 27. Our Lord here lays bfor-_ His dlseciplec as part of their training for the apostle ship, the programme of service and ex perience which lies lbfore them. Thi outlook elketched for them in thl: striking discourse is not very inviting but it was necessary that they ehotu! knotw Sexactly what was in front of them and He told them in plain and unmistak able trnlms. There is a pathetic contras b-tween that little band of men and th, great task to which they are being call ed. Viewed from the outide, they -ar but a timorous and obscure company with no special qualifications for th. proclamtlon of a w'orld-wide rmessage Truly', the treasure is in earthen vessels But their Ma?~etr Is fu.l of encourage. ment as well as warn!ng. The' are tc be bold and steadfast, an-i faithful; ther the message they halve to deliver wil surely win its way. The whiisper wit some day swell into a world-wide thunh der; the secret told in the d-arkmnt?ss wil become a dnlversal and abhiding posses sion. "Fear not men, therefore?, for there Is nothnog covered that phaUl not be re-vealed, and hid that shall not Lbe known. What I tell you in darkniess that speak ye in l!ght; and what ye heal in the ear, that preach ye upon the houe tops." Po much for the immediate context a these words. I wish to take the idea the] embody as the seal and Justification c the Christian pulpit. It is to be thi place where the message told In dark ness is to be proclaimed In the light. I is to be the volce of the neglected bu potent voices of the spiritual world; th, advocate of those influences, and mc tives. and truths thatshape and regene rate life from the inside: which work it gloomn and olescurity, but are at the rool of every fair growth, every upwar, movement. It is the institution througi which that better part of life, which ii ignored and trampled on, and scoffed t1 by the world, is to be vindicated and ena throned. It is the witness of the eterna in the world of time: of the divine in r society where the divine is too ofter forgotten In the devilish: of redemptior and of heaven in the midst of sin ant worldllness. There is no other humar institution which has this for its propes function. Its work can, therefore, never be superseded, can never grow- out o0 date. Let me speak to you specially ot these quiet, unobtruseive, gentle, buh regal things of Jesus Christ, that beghr in silence and darkness, but at last emerge into the day, and which flnalli shall rule the universe. First,. let us dwell a few moments or the fact that "all great and vital force begin their action in stlence ant secrecy." In looking out on the order of nature we are struck with two classes of forces of Nature dre her constructive and vital there are those of quiet and peace. The earthquake, the storm, the thunder, the grinding and dashing of the tide on the rocky shore, the roar of fire, the crash of the avalanche-these stand for the first And then, for the other, we may take ;he silent energies of the light: the vast tension of gravitation, which keeps the stars in their courses without a sound; the leaven of life, which surges through Nature without noise. In contrasting these two kinds of force we may say broadly that the silent forces of Naturq are her constructive and vital forces; the forces that proclaim them selves in loud tumults aro the forces of conflict and destruction. So long as Nature is in equilibrium of movement, there is no sound to mar the perfect peace of her activity:; when that equlli hrium is disturbed she is filled with grinding shocks and tumultuous throes till the balance is restored. Did we no: know thlis, we might think otherwise, for what appeal to our attention mainly are the forces of disturbance. The storm startles and alarms, but the light falls from heaven, it broadens into day, and dies into the night without a murmur or a sigh. The flower and the oak tree grow from seed and acorn without calling attention to their expansion; no man yet heard the voice of the spring except in a figure, though in a few weeks it changes the whole face of the' earth. Con trast the vexations and intermittent noises of a greaf city with the quiet and effectual operations that go on in the earth in the period of her growth and fruitfulness, and you will find an Instruc tive parable of the way in which God works In peace and dulietness, because H-e has all his forces under perfect con trol, while man wastes half his energy because he lacks even self- control. The country Is quiet; its blessed silence is only broken by song, for God is there; the town Is filled with clatter and tumult because man is there. And yet, were it not for the country, the town would soon cease to be. In human life and social life the same fact is to be observed. The great forces of Drogress take their rise in the secret places, and are born unnoticed in hours of darkness. There are people who live so much in the visible and the vocal that they forget that their true life is chiefly out of sight. The engine room of a great factory is the quietest room in the place, though it sets all the noisy machinery in motion, and the springs of human con duct are mainly out of sight and hearing, not only of others, but ever of ourselves You can give only a part of your reasons for anything that you do; the rest can only be guessed at even by your own closest act of scrutiny. Philosophers are giving more and more room In their systems for the great area of sub-con sciousness that underlies the conscious lie of man, and the profoundest students of human nature are those who make most allowance for this. Influences from outside, And from above, sink silently like seeds intothe soil of character; pre sently they bring forth blade and leaf, and we see ~them in their results; but in their working they often give no sign. In the rush and bustle of life we forget or do not kInow thi.; it is onlyin the hotr when we retire to think and meditat, and pray that it becomes dimly knowr to us. It is a salutary moment f6t every man when he has faced and learni this lesson effectually. He will bh stirred to watch himself with a mort apprehensive eye, and to pray witl: greater fervor, when he has realised thai there is so much going on in his heart at which he can only dimly-guess; ant he will cay more devoutly than he could have done before, "Who can discern his errors? ' Cleanse Thou me from secret faults." But let us keep to our conscious life, and we have but to consider a moment to realise that the silent, modest, gentle forces of life are the most potent. In every malan's life there is the outward part which he passes in the bustle and rush of business, in which he gives utterance to his surface thoughts and plans. But to get at the motive forces of his career we rmust gfo within, we must get at emo tions and impulses, inflruences and de sires, that possibly Ihe never hints at in his conversation with others, and does not always formulate even to himself. Know these and you have the key to his character and history; ignore them and you are outside the possibility of ac quaintance with the real man. Take a wider sweep into national life. We hear in the newspapers of the shockl of parties, the swaying to and fro o1 opinions, the wrestling of contending po litlcians for place and power; and we might think that political life is like a vast cauldron or eels, each trying to got its head above its fellows. We read of murders and crimes, of lawsuits and trials, of disturbances and catastrophes of swares and m-ssacres. And out ot these contemporary records presentlt wise men will weave what is called a history of the time. History? Tihe real history of any people can never be w-ritten in this way. History is the re cord work, not of destruction; of pre gre.s, not ol that which hinders and re tards it; anrd the mroot of great move ments lies not in the kind of stuff thai fills our newspapers, but in the unre corded part of life, in Deaceful industries in happy social relations, In home affec tions, in the growth of knowledge, an; and art, and moraml and religious faith It is these that go to the making of anr nation; but they arc facts so subtle, ant so even ILr their development, that the; can be measured only at long intervat: by the happy ripening of their results. Let me now go on to say that religion Is the gathering together into form ant substance and power of all these quice and dtivine forces that make for true life with a view of giving them "their right ful place in our thoughts hnd affections.' Jesus came to reveal, vindicate, and en throne these great and neglected facts Men forget God, in whom they live ant nmove and have their being. Jesut came and spoke- Sweet and unforgotabtl things to Ilis little company of God ant life and Immortality, and sent then forth into the world to make His mes sage known. Men forget righteousnes; and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost He came and discoursed gracio.s par ables about the se gentle ns!tte.r?.?s an truths. "-,en forget pity and Ikndness unsel?lshness lnd compassion in the pas sion of wild exc.itements and grindint comioetitlons. Ite come and unitolde; the rich possibilities ?Idden in tlmppi emotions, simple alias, simple but sub lime herolems. Men forget about re forrsatlonr and forgiveness and renews In thIeir freeluent failures, and in theli too ready despair at'their failure. H camne to show forth the star of hope tha hangs in the murklest sky,. ,nd the glm mer of dawn which hovers on the cdg' of th blackest night. I-IHe spoke Hi: message softly, and His volce seas no raised in the streets; on the hillside, way side, lakeside. lie gathered and wove thi meshes of those blessed parables whict ar? asm baskets of silver for apples of gold And then lHe sent forth lits disciples t, give utterance and emphasis to these quiet truths that lie at the roots of life human and divine; to speak in the ligh what they had learnt with Him in the darkness, to proclaim from tbhe house tops what they had heard from Htim is the ear. This is the p.rpetual function of rc: ligion, and those who teach it, in the pul pit and elsewhere. We live in a worlh so full of tumult and controversy ant wrestling that it is needful to be continu ally reminded of the existence and essen tial importance of these divine factor of life and character. Thousands do for get them; they live for the moment foi material tangible ends that loom larg at tile time only to vanish like smoki when life comes to an end. Thousandt do forget them; they scoff at Churcht and chapels, priests and evangelists, ser mons and psalms, and yet if they pause, and considered their own life, surely the; would see that it is onily in so far as the; have some flashes and remnants left It their lives of the things which these in stitutions and offices eaist to vindicate that they are kept from utter decay an desolation. And there are those who ae so absorbed in the struggles and fiere battles of the world's restless affairs thal they never give a moment to these other realities that live in the heart of their lives, though often so far from their thoughts. "But these quiet things of Gtid are the things that endure." They outlive dy nastles and nations, rl-e fresh and youthful from the graves of the instlto' tions and movements to which they give rise, and gently renew their life in the ashes of burnt out theories, dogmas, Churches reared to give them Immortal ity. The Gospel of the truth and gratce of God is the only thing that has a real earthly immortality. Here Is a little poem that I cut out of a newspaper dur ing the last election: yeetrclgtrht, shtre the smoke was thick, I sat silent and heard the brawl Till I grew weary and eack of tlt, Went. out to watch the dsrhensng oven. Sought the touch of the alre of HIloave Italt a mils on, a nuddon song, Mlounting above In a girl's sweet breath, Brought mete pause, and I caught ths wordo. "Victory. victory. orsi Death," From a little Chapel so deeoop in green, Tho psalm was heard ore the place ara seon. These be things that last, I said, Shadows we are that shadows pursue, Triumph and weep over vanities, Strut and tret and mhke much ads Ver:iy, Christ, as lie did say. Is with two or three who moot to prey. So whwlo the people song and prayed, These bh, the things that endure, I sald. Yes: "these be the things that endure." A hundred years hence it will count for little which party is in power to-day; the great will of God will be worked out through and in spite of both. The bril liant perorations and passionate person alities of our leaders, which we read so eagerly morning by morning - or think we do - what will they matter a year hence? But the Parable of the Leaven, and the Prodigal Son, and the great story of the cross and of Him who died thereon - these will matter more and more as the centuries roll on. Whether you will make your fortune or not will not mattermuch-oral all-in that still andquiet hourwhen you will be lying near the dark portal, and you will have to leave all you can see and hear and handle; but you will crave for some words of the blessed Book that lies now so quietly Qn the shelf, perhaps out of sight, out of mind; and you will grasp at its promises of pardon and accept ance as you now grasp at other things. I have stood beside many deathbeds, but have never found man or woman then in a mood to prize the thousand interests and ambitions that occupied their thoughts from day to day; but in the stillness and the darkness they have strained ears and hearts to listen to the qonet words and saving sayings of Jesus. "Johnny," said an American teacher to one of the Juvenile class, "in your composition on 'George Washington' you say he cut down a cherry tree with a saw. Don't you know he chopped it down with a' hachet?" "Yes'm," replied Jo lnle: "but I couldn't spell hatchet." He:"Dld your friend,.the soprano, ever reach high C? She: Yes, one day while she was-at the dentist's, I believe she, did, . 