SIDELIGHTS ON A SOUTH EASTERN TOUR. [By "The Owl."] Daring the festive season, when the sportive young man sallies forth into the country for relaxation after the business worries of a year, he is allowed a little latitude, and lays himself out for a good holiday. The advent of the "Three Doolans" to Mount Gambier was hailed with delight by the Adelaide visitors to the Mount. The "Doolans* sanctum" was open to the public from 10 to 12 p.m., when they gave an exhibition of their histrionic abilities which would have done credit to an Irving or a Beer boh m Tree. On Thursday evening, Decem ber 28, at midnight^ the boarders of the hotel not 1,000 yards from the local Town Hall witnessed a very daring feat of horsemanship. The lamplighter, mounted on his steed, was extinguish ing the lamps when Doolan No. 2, in his " early morn' suit," succeeded in ascending to the back of the equine, and the fun was fast and furious, the animal striving its hardest to unseat the midnight intruder, but without* avail. Whilst this excitiog incident was proceeding Doolan No. 3 was wander ing aimlessly up and down Commercial Street, until finally coming to the Town Hall Reserve, he struck a light, and mistaking the large white fountain for a ghost he made one frantic rush for his room, and was " between blankets" in a very short space of time. Doolan No. 1 had meanwhile strolled on to the Blue Lake, courting the muses. It was thought he had a private interview with the shade of Lindsay Gordon, as when he was led home to the hotel he was quoting Gordon in great style and gesticulating wildly. Each eveping at midnight the in mates of the hotel treated to a serenade by the " Doolans." The upstairs audience wigs called " the gallery/' while those downstairs were known as "the stalls." On Sunday evening a farewell was given to their friends by the " Doolans." Doolan I. recited "The Dream of Eugene Aram" in great dramatic style. Doolan III. gave an excellent representation of " How Bill Adams Won Waterloo." Doolan II. posed as " Sanhedrim," making an excellent statue, and not withstanding the torture of pins, was seemingly lifeless. After the health of the " Three Doolans" had been drunk the party broke upatmidpight, when the sad duty of saying words of farewell was performed. And now, when you see three smartly dressed business men in our | busiest thoroughfares in the city yon could scarcely recognise them as being the cause of so much amusement to the happy party that assembled at tike Mount at Christmas, 1697, and enjoyed the fun of the " Three Doolans." 