Tue flíctbisfiop of Sydney. Hts GRACE the Archbishop of Sydney, assisted by the Revs Dr Mantell and S G Fielding, officiated at St Matthew's Church of England, Windsor, on Sunday last, morning and evening, and held a Confirmation service in the afternoon. At each service the choir, assisted by orchestral accom paniment, brightened the service, and the music and singing was heartilyand well rendered. At the morning service' His Grace preached from 4 chap., ist epistle of St 'John, 13 14.15 verses : - " Hereby know we that we dwell in Him, and He in us, because He hath given us of His spirit, and we have seen and do testify that the Father sent the Son to be the Saviour of the world. Whoso ever shall confess that Jesus is the Son of God, God d wellet h in him and he in God." Last Sun day, said His Grace, we called upon by our Church to consider the great doctrine, or top stone, of Christian Theology-the " Holy Trin ity." This great doctrine is doubtless mysterious, like many other attributes mysteriously surround ing God's dealings with us and our world. But those who have come under the direct teaching of the text know intuitively-not as agnosticism de clares-that " He dwelleth in God, and God in Him." There is no bluster about St John's nar rative. He and others simply narrate a truth as eye-witnesses ot what they bad seen and beard. It was not true that the doctrine of the Holy Trin ity was formulated in the 4th century. This doctrine culminated in Our Lord Jesus Christ " I and My Father are one ; I will send to you Ihe Comforter." The formulation of the Trinity is found in Jesus Christ sending forth disciples to baptise in the name of the " Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." God the Father whose mm U Love, God manifested in the Person of His Blessed Son, God tbe Holy Spirit, God Blessed for evermore Our text suegests a three-fold testi mony as to th;: truth of our holy religion. The Historical Christ, the bedrock of our faith, the eye-witnesses and contemporary testimony, and the inward witness of the soul's assent, or expert* mental witness within. Here truth and iraca rule the heart and affection. Thus the inward knowledge of God, connected with the outward witness, harmonise. Nothing can rob the Church of ber outward witness, nor toe soul of its inward assent. In the afternoon the Archbishop held a Con* firmation Service. There «as a crowded congre* gation, and about 50 candidates were confirmed. His Grace addressed some solemn words of exhor tation to the confirmees, based upon St Luke, 12 35.-" Let your loins be girded about, and your lights burning," In the East they wore long robes, hence the first' part of our text is explained. If called upon to run, they must first gather up their robes. This suggests readiness and activity. What sort of life should the Christian's be? Active life, active service. The laying on of bands which I have done is in token of our Heavenly Father's love. But you will need activity and resolution in following and obeying Him. You will have your difficulties-rough and smooth paths of temptation. You must be ready, and pray ever to increase in God's holy spirit more and more, as we have just prayed by the bene dictory prayer. Readiness to serve everywhere not reluctantly, but with heartiness. Religion, if it is to be active and useful in Christ's service, must sbine in every department of life. The text also suggests Radiance-" Your Lights Burning." Light as a witness tor God under all circum stances. The important question : How can you be active and radiant Chris: ians? Read your bibles ; learn what God would have you to do ; neglect not the religious observances of your Church ; daily endeavour to live as you sing and pray, and with God's blessing you will daily grow in grace towards the perfect hereafter. There was again a large congregation at the evening service, when His Grace preached from Joshua 24.15-" As for me and my house we will serve the Lord." In his introductory remarks the Archbishop again referred to the Confirmation Service, and then went on to say :-My text sneaks of home religion, domestic religion, personal re ligion, in the home and abroad. It was a very touching and pathetic speech ot Joshua's. He saw ho« God's children had been led away by the fascinating practices of heathendom. "Choose ' said he, " whom ye will serve ; as for me and my honse we will serve the Lord." When the Jews showed signs of returning to the God of Israel Joshua pointed out to them the difficulties io their way. God was holy. It required separating from the worship of idols. Therefore it was a pathetic speech. Joshua's resolve, whatever others do he and his house would serve the Lord, gives to us the thought of home religion and happy results. Its bases and extension, its strength in the power of the living God. We don't like to be antagonistic with customary religion, but personal religion rul ing a household is quite another matter, and is the only germ that will extend, with beneficial results upon other members ol the home ; then whatever their several relations as to the outside world, they will have one common purpose within, " We will serve the Lord." It is a solemn thought that in every household there exists a stream that will tend to influence either for good or evil. Joshua had a defined religion, not a mere vague religious sentiment, but a resting upon a living Jehovah and carried into effect by a personal religious service. They had been called upon to decide the great question of federation. We do want a feder ation of faith and love and household, as well as national religion. What about family prayer, do we see to that ? Let us all take up the resolve of old and act upon it, .' As tor me and my bouse we will serve the Lord." During the oflertory, Mr Wilton, accompanied by Miss Becke (violin), and Mrs Eather (organ), sang in splendid voice the solo, " Lord correct me not in Thine anger." 