A Dramatic Incident. She had caught the pink bow on her shoulder in the wicker of the chair, and tom its fastening. * Can I help?' he asked. • 'Gan voupin?' * Perfectly.' He was told to fetch her work-basket from thn drawinff-rooni, and, on his return, knelt beside her as she adjusted the ribbon. ' \ ou must take your hands away," he said, " or I sh:iil pin them there." " 41 She folded them resignedly in .her lap, but turned her held with saucy distrnstfulness to observe his operations. * It should be sewn,'lie suggested. ' Can you sew?' * Better than I can pin.' She opened the basket again, and, threading a needle, handed it up to bim. • * It will be easier if you stand.' She held out her hand for assistance, and, as she raised herself, the light cloak slipped back from hershouldersintothe chair. He got through it eracefully enough, without the heavy breathing and squared elbows that men affect when wrestling with a needle; and, if his labor was somewhat lengthy, mere clumsiness may not have been so much to blame as he averred. ' What is the wage J' he inquired, as he cut the tliread. ' What do you suggest ?' A sudden mad impulse almost moved him to ties her -shouldeŁ Her Rogers had iegted there by accident for an instant, throwing a flash of color, like a shaken flag, over the delicate skin ; but he was wiser than that. He said ; ' I irill leave you in my debt.' Perhaps she read the conflict in his face—it was to be seen there—and reseutinc. as a woman may, his failure to do what, if done, would have stiil more incensed her, said, with n demure audacity in ber eyes : ' I^only bargain for ready money.' Still unsteady from his own struggle, lie returned her ambiguous glance with soch interest that partly hom excitement, and a desire by over-daring to force him into caution, the flipped lightly at the needlepoint which he was holding between his teeth, saying: " You shouldn't pnt pins in your mouth.' lie started Kick suddenly, and then, with a Oilp and a flush of terror in his face, threw himself across a cliair, head downwards, coughing violently. When Jle raised himself stiffly she was. white as a ghost, and could scarcely command the voice to say : 'Whatw&sit;? 'The needle.' * Yon didnt swallow it? He began to recover himself, and to remember he must have looked foolish; bis face was nearly as; pale as hers, but he laughed as he laid— " Fm afraid it's lost to yon or ever," • " Will it kill you?". . .. . He thought she was going to faint, she'was so deathly white, and for the moment he "did not care what .happened to her;he felt to hate her, in a selfish sordid cowardly faahion, for what she had done. He said, almost sulkily— "Isn't there a doctor I could see?" She was crying like a girl, but just steadied her voice to saythe carriage would be then at the door and they could drive do*n to the nearest physician's. She only spoke once by the way. She' laid her hand on his, and said in heart-broken fashion—"Salt, I am so sorry."' " It doesn't matter," he replied, not over gently; "what is it?" He hardly knew what heB&id;—he was specufating on the whereabouts.of the needle. He expected every moment to begin tadie, and, in spite of his words, that did seem a matter of tiie most im|iarfcanre. Cherry voices from the street-door gave her quite a revulsion of joy. 'Thatllbe all right,* ehe heard; 'wad it Veil and lie low.' A double ' Good-night,' the door slammed, and Pedely was taking hie seat beside her ; life gave the word for home, leant back and 'Seems to be the wholesomest thing in lie world; whole meal and bntter-m3k not in it; can't eat enough; nnmber mines and new bread, with porridge to folfow. Thimble-cup, I"suppo6e,to wash it down. ' The sequel unfortunately, does not justly the physician's hopeful forecast.— From 'fiust of Gold ' by Francis Provost. In Uganda Ł49.000 is sank this year to keep up the British Protectorate. Nor is this all. A grant in aid of. the revenues of the Protectorate in British Central Africa means the dissipation <of LIS,200. It must not, however, be foi£otlen that this sum includes tbe expense of maintaining three steamers hitherto charged on Navy votes. The upkeep of these craft is estimated at L72Q0 a yew. \- .-Bolton,: . * What iB the difference between • specialist and (in ordinary physician f fjoltoc: * Voull know^mck enougfa when tbe specialist sendain" ~ "" 