' . _ J . ? -—— ? : — ; ..\\. . - .'. — ? -'. . GS8STS. _ ? v ? . (By Ernest Favene.) T. STEAD, who has -taken ghosts under his especial care, makes the statement, 'Of all the vulgar superstitions of tne uait-educated, none dies harder than the absurd delusion that there is no such thing as ghosts. All the experts, whether spiritual, pcetical, or scientific, - and all the others, non experts, -who have bestowed any serious atten tion upon the subject, know that they do exist.' This is pretty assertive in its way, but it is to be feared that there exists a considerable majority of the half-educated amongai whom the super stition that ' there is no such thing as ghosts ' is ss alive as ever. There are also a considerable number who are willing to allow themselves to be deceived by a pair of lazy tongs, a mask and ?wig, who may be consideied in Mr. Steai's rants. One would think that amongst savage3 the belief in ghosts woald be prevalent, but it is not so by any means. They «iay have oim, uncertain legends and traditions of spirits, and that their anger or favor may be incurred by doing certain things or leaving them undone; but of the ghost story, according to the doctrine of Stead, they have no experience. Neither the 'ghost that dwells in each of us ' nor the 'thousrhc body and the double' trouble them. Not .even the 'ghosts of the living who come on business,' nor ' ghosts who announce their own. death,' walk ana visit them. Blacks here have nat the pleasure of interviewing some phantom Tvho intorins them that there is a treasure of . boomerangs and wad dies hidden under a brigalow tree, which can be obtained by digging, when the restless sprite who stole them originally will obtain rest. Nor do the camp utensils ot aborigines take to waltzing round of their own accord and rapping out m i or mat ion as to the happy huuting-g round. Most of the superstition displayed by the natives, is acquired from the whites, and from the facility ot the blacks in readily answering leading questions they are credited with har boring superstitions they have no notion of. In their native state the blacks have no credulous or vulgar fear of the daTk. Tales are related of their carrying firesticks at night to keep away evil spirits. This is q uite wrong. A tire stick is part of the necessary travelling equipment of tue natives in the dry country. Their own method of fire making is tedious and laborious, and it is easier to carry a firestick with them to kindle a lire when they camp. In dry country the? oiten travel at night, hence the tale. The highly developed Mexicans with their priestly mummery haa a superstitious dread of a horse at the time that Cortes invaded their couQtry, and for some lime believed horse and rider to be one. During the early part of the invasion great care was taken to conceal the body of a horse when killed, in order to promote tiie idea ot their invulnerability. The wiidest myall never entertains that idea on first seeing a party or whites, lie recognises at once the difference between the man aud the aniaial. He is at first frightened of the horse, because the horse's sensi tive nerves and sense oi smell are offended by the strange appearance and strong fetor of the native. Consequently the animal snorts and cocks his ears. X bis the native takes for symptoms of a coming attack, and thinks the horse an aggressive beast of prey. 'i'he old legend of the existence of a mysterious amphibious animal called the ' bunyip ' may be cued as proof of the blacks being superstitious ; but there is nothing in it after all.* The name even is most iikeiy not aboriginal. Tne tale probably arose from a rumor of the northern crocodile, travelling south irom one tribe to an other, aud becoming distorted and exiggerated in its travel. Tbe crocodile would easily become a diretul creature lurking in the depths of lagoon or river, and as it was never seen its. the districts where the beliet -was once said to exist, its attri butes were regarded with awe. This is the most likely derivation of the yarn, and it would cer tainiy grow more after contact with the whites, whose superstition is contagious. Amongst the West Australian natives there is a vague rumor of an evil spirit trhich can scarcely be crystalised into a belief. They have an idea that this demon has six toes on his feet, and on the bases of the granite mounds of those parts where the rock holes are found they mark and scratch the outline of the sole of a gigantic foot with six toe3. Whether this is done for the sake of propitiating the malignant demon is not evi dent. It occurs mostly among the central blacks, and is one of the few outward signs of any belief in spirits, good or evil, found amongst the aborigines, it is singular that a malformation of the foot should be a mark of the devil both in Europe and Australia. In the north a peculiar kind of night bird makes a chattering sort of noise-, low but pene trating, Some tribes regard this with a certain degree of fright, as the bird is seldom or ever teen. Its note comes from the grass, and it is probably some kind of quaiL Beyond a lear of this on account of its being heard plainly and the sound hard to locate or tie bird to see, there la no particular superstition connected with it. Amongst all the carvings done by the blacks on their -weapons there are none to furnish any suggestion of any tendency in favor of there existing any superstitious belief. The orna mental pares ot tiiem are at times grotesque and rudely clever, but they show no sign of any alter thought or meaning above what they crudely represent, namely, a faint giimmering of the ornamental art in its barbaric stage. This looks as though the ghost-seer required education to develop properly, and perhaps in that way Mr. Stead has some sorb of consistency when he says that it is the half- educated who do not believe in ghosts. Even so, it- is scarcely true, or complimentary, as many sceptics are better educated than Mr. Stead, although per haps not in ghost lore. It is a fact that the only ghost stories current on the Australian continent are those appertaining to the whites, and there are none amongst the aboriginals ia their savage state. Of the dead the native have no fear, nor do their modes of burial suggest any notion of a future life. The well worn tale that they believe they ' jump up whitefellow ' is without any reliable authority to back it up, and that it- is told at random of the multitude of tribes inhabit ing Australia, proves it absurdity. THey do not bury the weapons of the deceased with him nor food, as do some Indian tribes. Their one aim seems to be to hasten his decomposition. 'A' skelaton is evidently a far more respectable being than an unpleasant corpse, .while his reappear ance in either form is not looked forward to, for skulls are pitched about in an unceremonious manner that might pardonably incense any self respecting spirit. On the coast country of one part of the Gulf of Carpentaria skulls by the dozen can be seen iyingin the low, shelvingsand stone caves, or could have been seen at one time, for since then skulls have a market value, and doubtless some natural history and ethnological collectors have made a haul there. . As a contributor of ghost stories the Australian aboriginal does not shine successfully, Even his tribal rites and ceremonies are not invested -with, any solemnity m affinity with the invisible world or a belief therein, Mo3t of them have been handed down to him as ancestral custom and as nothing more. And as a rale they fall into disuse when once he touches civilisation, as it is called. Then he becomes superstitious enough for anybody. ? ? ' Cairo, after some years of more or less fashion able neglect, is ihe fashionable resort this year. — 'Hearth and1 Horn e/' . ' . Smith: 'I was reading, in the paper this mora les about a Texas man who was struck. by light ning.' while he jwas ..swearing. _ Jlemarkable jpecur-'; jence, wasn't ^t^'^.J?.|B^.?own; 'Ghi ?f;don*jt khpwl rK:3ightnins was\\-to^S^e;a*Tes^:aiia!n9whe1i.-iie wasn't swearing, it .vo&ld-.be; much more remark ab?e.'— 'Chicago News.' 'Eridget, y»u*ye broken ;as much china this morning as your- wages amount to. ' Nowy how; can we prevent this occurring again?' 'Oi don't knowi mum, vmless-yez raises 'me wages. '— 'Pear- m'fi J&eefc;?x*' . ? ' ? ? )'??''???' 