"WILD EELIN:" HEB ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES, AND. BITTER SORROWS. By WILLIAM BLACK. Author of "A Daughter of Heth," " A Princess of Thule," " Macleod of Dare," " The Strange AdVentures of a Phaeton," " Briseis," " Highland Cousins," We, &c.; (COPYRIGHT.) CHAPTER XIII. Playing With Fire. From the top of the Castle hill at Inverness it is possible for one to dis- cern far away in the south, beyond -the most distant undulations of the ever receding landscape-it is possible for one to discern the square towers and little corner turrets of' Westminster Abbey ; but then there are conditions to behold that Incorporeal vision one niustTiavtr the pulsating blood of four and-twenty, and the imagination of a poet, and a brain all afire with wild schemes and dreams. Any ordinary mortal not being a newly emancipated draper's clerk, with vehement ambitions and wistful eyes would on this particular morning have noticed nothing out of the common, except, perhaps, that the wide-stretching country looked unusually fresh and cheerful after the heavy rain of the night. For already at this early hour, the skies had entirely neared the azure dome was without a speck of cloud ; the trees were basking in the welcome warmth and the blue j river raced down between its vividly green banks, washing high along the grass, because of the swollen current. But those twin towers, spectral and pale, that rose above the dim horizon, -silver-gray they were, and ethereal, and ghost-iike-appearing far away behind the wooded uplands, and far away behind the Aims of ultramarine that spoke of the mountains ranged about Glen Urquhart and Balmacaan : well, who but one of all the inhabitants of Inverness could summon up those phan- tasmal structures V And what lay between Archie Gilchrist and the famous shrine that seemed to stand at the very world's end ? Why, at the best and happiest, nothing less than the desperate struggle of a lifetime, with all the chances of breakdown, and failure, and bitter renunciation. But then, if there were success- ? If one could add one's name to the proud roll of England's writers ? Other prizes might go to other men, and welcome love wealth, power, even the self- gratification of philan- thropy he coveted none of these ; but to sleep through the centuries with the mighty dead, surely that were no ignoble rest, and in the meantime no ignoble him, though one's existence were burnt up by the flame of it. The foolish had some one ought to have told him to go back to his galliots or at least to his gum-pot, and his pair of scissors, and his shipping of paragraphs. But these early morning rambles, when he seemed as it were to have all the universe to himself, were strange and solitary things and perhaps his head had been a little bit turned by his recent promotion and after a night of persistent rain sometimes the air is astonishingly pure, so that quite impossibly distant objects may come within the sphere of one's sight Westminster Abbey for a recently liberated draper's clerk V The madness of the desire was pathetic in its way. And calls young man, with all his passionate hopes and bewildering aspirations, was very much alone. And the divine mystery and wonder of love was that also to be renounced-to be cut out of the perfervid imaginings of a youth of four and twenty V Yes, that also. The imaginings of a youth of four-and-twenty are rapid and eager ; he had already constructed for himself the tragedy of his life in his outlook how could there be aught else than tragedy The "Belle Dame Sans Merci" had smiled upon him, to his undoing and she was free to work her will with him and he would not complain. He indulged in no illusions. He was not likely to go to the poor old woman living up at _ Dingwall, and say to her: " Mother, my worldly wealth consists of thirty shillings a week and a cartload of idle chimeras ; nevertheless, Miss Macdonald of Kinvaig has consented to marry me and don't you think you should be proud of such a daughter ?" On the other hand, when Miss Macdonald of Kinvaig. having amused herself for a while with this young newspaper man, should send into the right- about, would he howl and rage and call for revenge ? Not at all. There was no trace of that arch-ingrate, Claude Melnotte, in the nature of the Inverness youth. Why, he had already fore- I shadowed what was to happen to him and her in these hopeless circumstances; and the foreshadowing had naturally taken the shape of a bit of verse, for four-and-twenty likes to talk to itself in that way. He had even been at the trouble of dotting the final es, so that when he pathetic piece should here- after come to be published, the main structed might be guided into giving the proper pauses to the familiar French line : LA BELLE DAME SANS MERCI. Through sunlight, rain, and shine, and snow, And ever so many a year ago, What was it that she did to me, La belle dame sans merci ? No harm I did to her a kiss Or now or then were not amiss But to stab despair, that was she La belle dame sans merci. And she goes singing on her way : God send her many a happy day ! For heart-strings broken she must not see, La belle dame sans merci ! All this was a very pretty fancy, and could have done no harm to anyone concerned, if it had stopped with the writing of verses ; but here, on Inverness Castle hill, the hero of this undeveloped tragedy was engaged in asking himself at what hour that afternoon it would be proper for him to call on the two ladies at Glengarva House, and he was wondering whether he could induce Miss Macdonald to co-operate with him in a certain small literary project? He did not stay to reflect that there is such a thing as playing with fire. It was about half-past 4 on this same day that Wild Eelin who was not at all a " belle dame sans merci" ; no, nor anything like that Archie Gilchrist would have got nearer the mark if he had recalled the Shepherd's rhyme about " My love's she's but a lassie yet" She's neither proud nor saucy yet, She's neither plump nor saucy yet ; But just a jinker, bonnie, blinking, Hilty skirt lassie yet. well, Miss Eelin, finding herself alone in the house-for her mother had gone to pay a call, and most of the maids I had been allowed a half-holiday so that they might attend certain Highland sports that were taking place in the neighbourhood Miss Eelin considering that she had worked long enough at the stitching of a blue-gray blouse that she was economically making for herself, thought she would get out-of-doors and have a little exercise. Just round the corner from her bower of honeysuckle and roses, and in the midst of a grove of tall beeches, there was kung a swing and when she had comfortably seated herself, she forthwith proceeded to kick herself into the air. But she was a skilful performer ; it was no ordinary that she was sent on and terrestrial aid was soon dispensed with, as altogether too ignominious. What she had set her mind on was to touch with her toes a certain projecting branch of a lime tree opposite her and this she aimed at by means of the well-known trick that is to say on the backward rise she pulled herself up by the arms so that she was hardly seated at all then when the chair came down again she shot out her legs horizontally, with a final upward spring as if she would fling herself to the zenith. " Ah. but I will !" she was saying, with clenched teeth, as each time she went with a whizzing rush through the air. and ever and ever she was training a few inches, so that her up-thrown toes were getting nearer and nearer to the coveted back. " Ah. but I will ! Yes, if I break my back ! I'll show Lily Nellie what swinging is ! She has never been within three yards of that branch. All, you beast, I nearly had you that time-well, now. this time this time-" And again she went leaving through the air, throwing herself up and cut, as though she would pick herself feet first into the Moray Firth or on to I the top of the North Pole. " You brute. I was within an inch of you that time ! | But I'll do It-yes, I will-yes, I will die if I break my back ! I'll show Lily I Ncile what swinging it-" I and then she laughed to herself, in I triumphant exultation for at last one I foot just managed to touch the outer- most twig and she knew that Lily Nellie might be challenged and defied a hundred times over for that twig Lily Neile never would touch, no, not if she fractured her spine in the frantic endeavour. And still the young acrobat continued this burning of herself through the air. for the mere rush and exhilaration and impetus of the tiling and her garments were flying anyhow and long ago her blue Tam o' Shanter had gone by the board, and her hair was passing free and she cared for nothing in life at all save the stiff backward poise and taken the terrific downward plunge, and the breathless swoop upwards again to the green leaves and the sailing heavens. And sometimes she touched the twig, and sometimes she did not see hardly cared ; she knew that Lily Neale was defeated out and away for ever and ever and with no aim or object to distract her, she could now abandon herself to this wild animal delight of posing herself and then burying herself down and up again to the skies. Which was all very well : but of a sudden black horror seized ker for down there, by the corner of the house, appeared a creature as man creature with a tall hat, and a frock coat, and kid gloves and apparently he had been piloted on to the scene by the great, big. freckled, red-haired, blundering-beaded Morag. How Eelin Macdonald man- aged to retain her position on this little piece of timber it is impossible to say. If, in her fright. she had fallen, she would doubtless have broken her neck. As it was, the worst that happened to ker was that she nearly tore the soles off her shoes on the gravel, in stopping herself and then, with such dignity as was left ker which was not very much, and with blushing, and confusion, and nevertheless a kind of half-cost cealed giggling in the eyes, as of a schoolgirl caught, she went forward to receive her visitor. What she thought of the blundering-beaded Morag cannot be recorded in print But her visitor was quite as confused as herself for although he had consulted a Manual of Etiquette as to the proper hour and the proper costume for an afternoon call, that authoritative guide had not told him how to behave i on finding himself confronted by a young damsel shooting herself through I the air like a meteor entangled in petty , coats. and although she was very suave, and gentle, and courteous, he could see that her eyes were still oc- cultly laughing and he wanted to explain that he had asked for her mamma ; and that he had been brought round into the garden through no wish or intention of his own, but simply by his following the fatality of the Highland maidservant and he wished to apologise for his intrusion and he did not know how to apologise, the predicament being so awkward and the next thing was that he found himself seated in a garden chair in front of a little iron table, and Miss Eelin Macdonald (still with her eyes self-conscious and darkly amused) was seated opposite to him, and she had sent the fatuous Morag for some tea, and she was listening gravely to the literary project upon which, to save himself from unendurable agony, be had at once entered. And yet he was cunning. He began by saying that he had observed again and again, in the White Cockade" lia pens, the remarkable skill with which she could introduce an incident, and make it effective and he knew that he himself was helpless in that line ; but perhaps with her kind direction of co- operation, rather the idea he had thought of might be carried out. " Yes, and what is it, Mr. Gilchrist ?" said she most sweetly ; but all the same she was thinking back, and in- wardly praying and hoping that her skirts had been conducting themselves in a decorous manner, during her meteoric performances. " Yes, that's just it I don't know where to start !" said he ; but in truth his main concern at this moment was the tall hat he wore.' Why. had not the Manual of Etiquette told him what to do with a hat in a garden ? It would seem absurd to take it off and put it on the grass and yet, on the other hand, how could he sit covered in the presence of Miss Macdonald of Kin- vaig ? "Yes, that's just it," he can turned. " I cannot construct. I don't know where to begin and where to end. But I'm sure you could, Miss Macdonald ; you would understand how to get the things into shape that I am sure of." The literary project did not seem to form itself somehow. Her eyes were such inexpressibly beautiful things to look at they were so deep and clear, and of such a wonderful dark sea-blue and the black eyelashes gave them an indescribable pathos, and an intensity of interest and a kind of strange inviting sympathy ; it was no marvel that a young man's thoughts became somewhat confused. Nevertheless, he had to make a plunge. " You take a doctor," said he. " Yes ?" said she and those eyes of hers were so distracting that he knew if he failed to win encouragement from them, the Devil's Kim would that very night see an end to his sort owe. " Yes, you take a doctor," he went on. But just at this moment she happened to put the tips of her fingers on the table and the sight of them fascinated and dazzled him for when had any mortal man behold a hand so small and plump and white, with such exquisite Gilbert shaped nails The daintiness of tkem-and-of take little fringe of lace at the edge of the blue-white cuff. "You take a doctor-in a large pr<v vincial town," be said, with a desperate resolution ; " and he has a very considerable practice and all at once he is accused of a felony, and unjustly conVicted, and sentenced to penal servitude > "" Oh, yes" said she and she was following him now else had begun to forget about her flying skirts. " Not only that, but when the doctor comes out his friends will not. believe in his innocence ; one and all they cut some ; his patients decline his visits in fact, society is at warwick him. Very well. In his indignation and rage he resolves on revenge. While he was in prison he made the acquaintance of a gang of burglars and when they come out he goes and joins them. And then you see, Miss Macdonald-" " Yes yes ?" ' Just Heavens, if only her eyes would leave him alone for a moment ! His intellect was clear enough if only she would leave him alone ! And the literary scheme was simple, too-but for this bewilderment that sent all his senses wool-gathering. " And then a most astonishing series of burglaries begins in this provincial town. Some one seems to know the habits of life of each family the dinner hour when the outer door is unlocked -know certain landings can be reached when the servants are engaged the whereabouts of the principal bed- rooms-" " Oh. I understand I understand !" she cried. " The doctor ! Capital ! Excellent !" " Yes," said he very much relieved, " but-but where would you begin the story ? And what would the end be ?" ," Oh, never mind the end at present," said she, gaily. "Let's us have the mysterious beginning the unaccount- able burglaries. And there must be a young woman in it some where, you know." " I had not thought of that," he answered her, dubiously. " Ok, but that is absolutely necessary," she contended. " A crime without a young woman in it isn't half a crime. Why, she must be the' doctor's fiancee ! Then her mother's house is to be broken into. Remorse seizes him. He knows she has angina pectoris, or housemaid's knee, or something that will suddenly kill her. Heek, what does he dock, Mr. Gilchrist, what does he do it must be something wild and splendid heroic, you know-he precipitates himself into-into-some- thing ; yes, he precipitates himself-into something and then he dies without a word of reproach and she-what does father do, Mr. Gilchrist V-oh, at the very last moment she discovers he has been falsely accused and unjustly con- demned and of course he musn't die for just another minute, until she tells him." She was far more nimble-witted than he or perhaps it was the unconscious beguiling of her eyes that perplexed him into silence and listening at all events on she went with her quick, disconnected, liolf-mirtkful suggestions ; besides which, she was pouring out tea for him, and offering him bread and butter, and strawberries, and the like. Poor lad, he was overwhelmed with shame, To think that Miss Macdonald should wait upon him when gladly he would have crawled on the ground to serve her as a slave. But then the fool of a Manual had not told him whether it was his place to pour out the tea and again her merry suggestions demanded respectful head and ever and always "take around, the deadly wound, Cam Brae ker even see bonnie blue." And then the mother of this young lady appeared upon the scene, conceal- ing 'her surprise with an admirable serenity and kindliness of manner and she was most interested (for what interested her daughter interested ker) in the literary co-partnership and she happened to indicate that if these two together could get a £5-note from some magazine editor for their tale about the doctor burglar, she would be pleased to receive the same for her convalescent cottage at Nairn. And Archie Gilchrist, to himself, swore a sacred oath that if any exertion on his part would procure the money, it certainly should be forthcoming. And then, somehow, hie intoxicating and unnerving visit drew to a close and both of the ladies were so gracious as to say they would be pleased to see him again, to discuss the further aspects of this literary venture. The poor youth she did not know with what fire he was playing ; or how easily "just a jinker, bonnie, bunkin, kilty skilty lassie" might, without any intention on her part, become the deadly " Belle Dame Sans Merci." (To be continued.) In the matter of pedigree the 18-year-old Prince who is the heir to the throne of Japan seems to hold the lead. He is, it is said, the last male descendant in the order of primogeniture of a dynasty which has reigned 2600 years. The busiest time on the Atlantic cable is between the hours of 10 and 12 in the forenoon. During that time on an average about 900 messages past over the cable each way. 