V a r i o u s Views THE CRITIC will be delighted when the month of March has petered out, for by that time the English cricketers will have left Australia. For five solid months the papers have been deluged with items about McLaren's marvellous leg- glance, the size of Ranjitsinhji's feet, and Clem Hill's wonderful off-drive. Some of the papers have published columns of matter in arguing whether Clem Hill is deficient in strokes on the on-side, and whether Ranji threatened to smash Jonah's classic nose for winking at him in an insulting manner when he went in to bat. The important question of Giffen's expenses is not yet settled, and it looks as if the other point about Jones' questionable delivery when bowl- ing will have to stand over for consideration by the Federal Parliament. There are many wise people who believe that this terrible cricket fever has had a deal to do with the prolonged drought in South Australia. It is quite likely that the close study of Ranji's articles in the Review of Reviews affected Caldwell's brain and caused him to build that horrible poem on "The Welcome Change." If this is so, then the amount of damage caused by the cricket mania will never be approximated. Anyway, THE CRITIC is glad it will be all over in a few short weeks, even if the Adelaide papers do have to revive the still unsettled Hospital question to keep the pot boiling during the balance of the " off" season. * * * Touching the Agent-Generalship : Cockburn doesn't want to leave Adelaide, Holder isn't anxious, and Kingston prefers being a big fish in a little pond to a little fish in a big pond, so there is a likelihood of going outside the Ministry for the selection. THE CRITIC'S tip is J. H. Gordon. Just pin this in your hat and see how it pans out. However, it is probable that Honest Tom will stay where he is for another year, and during that time many changes may occur. * * * "When the Sydney Convention was sitting, and matters were a bit strained, three dele- gates—Barton, O'Connor, and Peacock—hap- pened to meet at lunch on an off-day. They were discussing the situation, and the young Vic. put the case this way : " We all know Reid's game. He is going to hold office in N.S.W., and unless he can carry N.S.W. in such a way as to dominate the Federal Parlia- ment, he will not come in. Under Lyne the Protectionists haven't a ghost of a show, but if you two throw up the Council, and run for an Assembly seat, Reid will make terms for the Federal Bill at once." Barton said he " was too old for a fight," O'Connor, he " was too new to fighting, Irishman though he was," but any one can see that something of the kind has happened, for there is a very close alliance be- tween Barton, Reid, and O'Connor. * * * Angaston (S.A.) is still distracted by the filthy libel scandal, and the place is really be- coming too sultry for respectable people. Men hitherto above suspicion are accused of circu- lating the disgusting leaflets, &c.; friendships are breaking wholesale ; dozens of families no longer speak to one another. Yet all efforts are futile to discover the source of the trouble. Maughan, who was acquitted of the charge a few months ago, returned to Angaston, but had to leave the district. It had killed his name there, rightly or wrongly. Yet the things, which are after all inexpressibly low, without even traces of smartness or cleverness, still fly around. If the author is not soon discovered Angaston will be ruined; if he is, he will not be far off lynching. * * * The wrangling born of selfishness which on three or four occasions has occurred at the Federal Convention calls to mind the device the Lagadons, one of those wonderful peoples visited by the immortal Gulliver, adopted to reconcile politicians. This was their method : " Take the leaders of each party : dispose them into couples of such whose heads are nearest of a size. Then let two nice operators saw off the occiput of each couple at the same time, in such a manner that the brains may be equally divided. Let the occiputs thus cut off be interchanged, applying each to the head of his opposite party man." "The professor assured us," continues Gulliver, "that if it were dexterously performed the cure would be infallible. The two brains left to debate the matter between themselves within the space of one skull would soon come to a good understanding, and produce that moderation so much to be wished for in the heads of those who imagine they come into the world only to watch and govern its motions." Then the professor was keenly sarcastic. " The difference of brains, in quantity or quality, among those who are directors in faction is a perfect trifle." Some such method as this might be applied to Reid and Turner, Barton and Isaacs, Lyne and Higgins, Carruthers and Gordon, Kingston and Symon, and so on. Then peace and concord might reign in the Convention. * * * The Crowning of Clem. On the banks of the Alpheus, in the misty days of old, When the Greeks for glory gathered, ere the years of gain and gold ; In the fierce Olympic struggles, with what eagerness they strove For a garland of wild olive from within the sacred grove ! Just a garland of the olive ! it was good enough for them; But perhaps this kind of coronal Is not the thing for Clem. When the victor came from Elis to the place of his abode, All the bards rehearsed his doings in a panegyric ode, And the people heard (they couldn't read) the tributes to his fame (For they hadn't daily papers, with a headline for his name) ; Just an ode sung in his honor! it was good enough for them ; But perhaps a poet's paean Isn't quite the thing for Clem. As he reached his native city (came he early there or late), They would never let him enter, like a mortal, through the gate; But would make an arch of triumph through the wall they'd battered down, So that he, in this fantastic way, might pass into the town; Just a breach—a hole of honor! it was good enough for them ; But we have no circumvallae, So it can't be done for Clem. Then a statue was erected, made of marble or of clay (But for this his friends, or he himself, would often have to pay); For you couldn't see their portraits ev'rywhere, as now you can— " Photos, of Olympic winners "—men who wrestled or who ran ; Just a statue of the hero ! it was good enough for them; But to pose upon a pedestal Is not the thing for Clem. No ! it shouldn't be an olive wreath (a garland wouldn't keep), Or a poem (words are said to be proverbially cheap), Or apotheosis (nay, from this a rev'rent nature turns), Or a statue (togged, and by the side of Venus or of Burns) But (if royalty will not object) let's say, a diadem j For the youngest, latest cricket king Undoubtedly is Clem. G.F.C. * * * Soulless slab from the fortnightly report of the Registrar of the School of Mines, who wants office help : " The services of a shorthand clerk and typewriter could be secured for, say, 10s. a week, and such a clerk could be utilised for helping in label-writing for the museum, looking after the library, &c.;" Great Scott! £26 a year for shorthand-writing, type-writing, museum label-writing, library work, &c.;! This, too, from a man who gets about £350 a year ! * * * The chairmanship of Sir Richard Baker at the Federal Convention has been quite a revela- tion to the delegates from the other provinces, and especially to Victoria, as to what a chair- man should be. Victoria, with its experience of Speaker Mason—showy and shallow—had no idea of such a man. Sir Richard has never left the chair for a single moment while the committee has been sitting in Melbourne, and he has handled the enormous number of con- flicting amendments with most consummate skill. The Convention would be in a hopeless tangle half-a-dozen times a day but for his keen control. He would make an ideal president for the Federal Assembly, and if Federation comes to pass he will, no doubt, be selected for that honor. Mind v. Muscle. Q.C. Barton is the terror of the Convention bores. Discussing Higgins' railway amendment, he said, " I would remind the Convention we are making a constitution, not writing for a comic paper." Fancy sedate Higgins writing for a comic paper ! A * * * Resolution. STONE FOR THE GREAT PAVEMENT. A strong and stalwart man was he, And he sat in the shearing shed And shore, on the distant Boolooree, Where the best of sheep are bred. He sang in a voice that was full and deep, And his shear blades merrily rang, And he snipped and snipped at his bleating sheep; And this is the song he sang— Oh, it's goin back to-morra, boys, Back to 'ome, sweet 'ome— The 'ome we left in sorra, boys, The dismal North to roam. We'll keep our 'ard-earned pay, me boys, An' shun the bloomin' booze ; We'll stow our cheques away, me boys, Fur drinkin' aint no use. When next I saw this shearer man He was in a crowded bar, Where the liquor fast and freely ran ; He was smoking a cigar. His voice was loud, and his eye was bright, And his language coarse and slang ; His face was cut—for he'd had a fight— And this is the song he sang— Come and 'ave a drink, me boys! No, you can't refuse ; Don't care wotcha think, me boys, I'm on the blanky booze. Lashin' up me pay, me boys, Little do I reck ; Drink dull care away, me boys; I'm knockin' down me cheque. Next morn I saw this shearer strong ; He was seated on his swag ; His merry, jovial, air was gone, And vanished was his brag. His voice was thick and his eye was red ; A broken man was he ; And pleading and soft were the words he said, And thus he spake to me— Say, mister, buy us a pint, sir ; I've busted all I 'ad ; I'm aching in ev'ry jint, sir— Me 'ead is awful bad. I've lashed me earnin's up, sir— Spent my bloomin' cheque, So buy us a pick-me-up, sir— I'm a gawd forsaken wreck ! C J.D. Why does Victoria yearn for Federation ? Her intercolonial export trade for January, '98, was £475,873, about one-third of her total trade. Victoria will give much politically to secure open Australian ports, and when you see her delegates going into heroics about " equal representation" and such things, don't worry." They are only making believe. * * * In 1897 Vic. sent £1,233,291 worth , of produce to Westralia, and got paid largely in money orders from her miners settled there. This is more than one-sixth of Vic.'s total export trade. What cares she about the West having equal power with her in the Senate, so that she can get this million in free of duty ? The West's trade with British and foreign for the same time is £2,388,4y5, and, given differential duties, Victoria reckons she would take the odd 400,000 at the very least. Victoria will give much politically for that market. * * * " R." writes : " Re young man witness in recent Melb. divorce case, mentioned in your f From the Gay Metropolis' last week, daily paper reports of that case said ' a gentleman, whose name was withheld by direction of His Honor, gave evidence that he was in a cab with (female) respondent, would plain Bill Smith have got from His Honor? Also, was it His Honor or his honor %" * * * Zola, the novelist, who has stirred France over the Dreyfus scandal, is a small, thin man, nervous to a degree, has a little wrinkled face, and looks over-worked, but he is a man of wonderful energy. His great ambition is to write a history of French literature. Sir Charles Todd is responsible for a good many things, and somebody alleges that during the recent heat wave our only Astronomer and Postmaster-General said that he liked tea, and without T he would look ODD. THE CRITIC extends a free pardon if Sir Charles gives us cooler weather. * * * Paris Nesbit, Q.C., avers that he hias eight actions on hand at the present time, a state of things calculated to delight any lawyer but for the fact that" Nesbie is his own client in this instance, which makes a slight difference ! Co emllc Zola. True patriot! fearless and dauntless for Thy country's honor, and its truest weal, Outspoken with the feelings many feel. No false zealot! with party spirit or Racial hate, still less competitor For popularity, for thy great fame Is world-wide, and will still remain the same. No greater still! for the cosnpirator Will yet be found, and his accomplices. Their vile hypocricies, their base falsehood, And their mean official artifices Meet their reward ; and he who nobly stood For justice to the weak, justice receive, His country's honor and his own retrieve. LAMBERT THOMPSON. Feb. 26, 1898. sk * * A dozen holiday-making girls were " rescued" from a wooden house that was threatened by fire at Lome. The last of the darlings to leave the burning building was at the time coolly curling her front hair. Nero fiddled while Rome was burning. H. A. Wood, the S.A. Public Trustee, who got away years ago with over £10,000, is stated to be still alive, and was in Brazil when last heard of. Woods' method of getting away was very smart. He officially consulted Crown Solicitor , Mann as to the countries which had not concluded extradition treaties with Great Britain, and was informed that Mexico was one. He promptly realised all available trust. funds, obtained leave of absence, and went there. For a long time S.A. Govt, offered a big reward for his arrest, but Wood evaded capture, although he ventured out of Mexico many times. Total amount embezzled by him never been definitely * * * . ascertained. Adelaide lawyers always prefer Judge Bundey in criminal cases, owing to his sympathetic disposition. Chief Justice Way is the hardest Judge to appear before in a technical case; Judge Boucaut the best. Even old prisoners have their prejudices, but they unanimously prefer Bundey when conviction is certain. The latter, by-the-way, shares with Way and Symon the distinction of being exceptionally successful as criminal advocates. Marshall Hall, the Melb. long-haired poet and prof, of music, has just recovered from a long illness, and some more kissy-yum-yum verses may be expected as soon as the prof, strikes form again. Hall it was who once asked a student to strike a certain note. The youth, new to examinations, lifted a timid forefinger, and gingerly touched the ivory. "No, no !" yelled Marshall. " I want a deep orange, not a pale; yellow." Sketched by Miss A. J. Campbell. MODEST MARYAFSKI, The Polish Mining Expert at Kalgoorlie. 