THEBENDIG0 "GHOST'" Recently we published a telegram stating that a ghost had startled the residents of one of the suburbs of Beudigo. The following details will be read with interest :— On Thursday night, between 7 and 8 o'clock, the " ghost" made another appearance, this time at the intersection of Frederick and Valentine streets, at the rear of the Benevolent Asylum. The locality is " a quiet one, and well suited for any mischievous pranks. At the hour named,' Miss Skilbeck, who resides with her parents at the Red Hill, about a mile from the asylnm, left home to visit a friend in Barnardstreet, and when opposite the residence of Mr Johnson, she was startled by the appearance of a form in white, waving its arms up and down. Miss Skilbeck, bearing in mind the statements alout ghost" haunting tbe neighborhood, was carrying in her hand a stone, which she-threw at the " ghost" and hit it. The " ghost " sprang at her, struck'her in the face and knocked her down. Her screams brought Mr Johnson and his son to the scene, and they saw a form in white running away in a northerly direction. The son pursued it, while the father carried Mii<s Skilbeck into the house. She was bleeding profusely from the mouth, and was in a fainting condition. At 11 o'clock she had somewhat recovered, but she was in a dazed condition. Young Mr Johnson followed the " ghost," and saw it jnmp over the fence around a house occupied by Mr Trant, where it disappeared. Constable Owen was informed of the occurrence, and in company with Messrs Trant and Johnson, searched in the garden, and where the form was seen to go over the fence footprints were observable on the grass. - A CHANGE FOB WELL-OW'SRBB—In an- other column will be found an advertisement calling for tenders for a supply of approved water for use in the Municipal Swimming Bathe. THE SHAFT FATALITY.—The inquest on the man Cofiiy, whose body was found in an abandoned shaft at Kalgoorlle, was again adjourned yesterday pending the obtaining of an important witness. BLAOK LABOR.—The employment of Afghans in the Boulder Main Bee! mine was yesterday the canse of a deputation watting on the manager. The latter deolded to accede to the request prohibiting the employment of Afghans in future, and the matter was ended. ELBOTBIO LIGHTING.—In accordance with the resolution adopted at the last ordinary meeting of the council, the* Electric Lighting Company has been informed that the ohargeB for the street arc lights must '-e reduced withont any further delay. Up to yesterday no reply had been received. FIQHT AT KANOWNA.—At an early hour on Snnday morning, at Kanowna, a member of the muniolpal council and a labor advocate had a stand-up fight (reports onr Kanowna correspondent). The only damage done was the resnlt of an acoident, one combatant falling over the other. The affair caused mnch amusement. THE NEW MINING BIN.—fThe debate on the second reading of the new Mining Bill was gonolnded in the Assembly last night, when the Minister for Mines announced that the Government were determined to abolish dual titles, and give an indefeasable title to leaseholders. The measure will be considered in committee on Thursday, THE UOLDMELDS WATER SCHEME.— According to an intimation ma le In the Assembly last evening, It would appear that there Is a possibility of the owners of property below the site of the Helena vale reservoir taking legal stepB to protect their riparian rights. If so, this may leqd to endless difl)oulties in connection with the big water scheme. When in Perth, be taken by 12ART- LEriO, the HEW PUOl'OOBVPHKB, HAY-STRKKT who is all the rag*. 