Sermon. Jesus Putting Away Sin. By-Late ,Kkv.*C.-H. Sfuegeos. .But sow once ill the.end of the world hath He ] appeared to put away *ia by the.«\crili<xof J HimselL-Hebrew* wc.«. : V ~ Let us consider. first. the time of this great putting away of siniu the end of the worid. Or the age—**in these iast days,"as onec* the apostles words it in another place.v " Why nis that time selected?^ Was it nc in order to exercl>e the faith, of ancient saints, who, lite Abraham, saw Christ's day i:: vision—saw Him and were glad r They "were denied thy grvar privilege which we possess. Prophers and lungs desired it long, hut died without the sight. Nevertheless, over above the mausoleum of ancient saints we read this inscription, •*These all died in faith." • They rested in confidence in the Messiah that was to come, and their faith received its reward. * Did not God place the putting away of sin at the doss* of the age in order to glorify His.. Sou, "by letting us see that the very anticipation of His death was sufficient for the salvation o" men ? The practical point I drive at is jost this: Ton and I live in a period when the putting away of sin has been perfectly; accomplished. Beloved, sin is put away. "VY"e have not to exercise the faith of a Noah, or an Isaac, or a David, in looking forward to the expiation as a blessing yet to come, the testimony of the Holy Ghost is that Jesus hath once fur all finished transgression, and made an end of sin, and brought in ever lasting righteousness. Jesus has been led like a lamb to the slaughter: the passover is eiain, the propitiation is made. . It is a, re corded fact that never can be blotted from the annals of time, that redemption is finished.. Sin is put away by the one great Sacrifice, and we may come to Goc, who is reconciled through the death of His Son, our Lord Jt-su? Christ. .Secondly, let us mediate upon the Person; accomplishing the work. Once in the end of \- The world hath He .appeared. Recollect who it was that came to take away sin, that yon may find solid and substantial ground-for comfort, and may the Holy Spirit- help you to stand upon it! He who came to take away sin did not come unseat. He was ap pointed and delegated by God. As Topludy . aus put it—' 44 The God for your unrighteousness Deputed to atone." He was not only so appointed and elected, but he whs also qualified by God. The' •Spirit of the Lord was upon Hizn. He \- came inHisFather* s name, clothed with His .father's. authority. " I do not Hine own will," sajd He, 4,but the will of Him .-that sent me." He continually calls it His -Father's work aud business which He came to. do. Tbi< ought to give us richest .consolation. Jesus is nr» amateur*Saviour, who has no right .to appear as our repre sentative: He comes in a legal and proper manner. The King of kings hath appointed .Him, and what He does He does in the name ; . and by the authority of God. God bath sent His Son into the world* Jib* death, though ' voluntary on His own part, was not without the consent and will of His Father. It . pleased the Father to bruise Him: He hath pat him io grief. Should we not, when God hai set Him forth a* a propitiation for sin —should wc not accept whom God appoints £ . Attentively observe the constitution of His • person. . He who came to save men is no other than God; therefore capable of viewing sin from God's point of view, capable of "understanding what was dae to God. By —bracing His Godhead to His manhood He was capable, in His twofold nature, of sustaining \- pangs which humanity could not have endured apart from Godhead, and of re ceiving into His infinite mind a sight of sin, and a horror concerning it, such as no finite mind ever could have enaoredT You think you comprehend sin; t my brethren, you cannot. It is au eril too monstrous for tbe human mind foliy to know its heights and depths, its lengths and breadths ; but Christ, who is God incarnate, knew what sin meant. And i: briiorcd Him to suffer, not because He was the Son of G jo, or the Son of Han. but because He wa> the • Redeemer, the Sponsor, and the Surely of mfs. Note in the text the appearance mentioned: 44 Now once in tfc- end of the world hath He ^appeared to put away sin." Yon will re member that when the high prie>t made atonement for sin.'he took the basin filled with blood and Di^sec within the veil. No one ww bira there: and while be stood before j tl e merer scat and sprinkled the blood no | human ere beheld it—his typical work was a j thing-of mystery. But. my brethren, the great High Priest and Prophet of our profes sion has rent the veil and appeared openly, and the putting away of sin by Him is-a manifest thing," which can be seen-by the understanding; uar, in *ome rpspects it was even s?en by humis eyes and beam by mortal ears. In secret.7* said He. *' I did nothing." "I.taught openly ui your streets." For " the Word was made flesh, aud'dwelt among us," cays John, "and we beheld His glory, the gloiy as of the only begotten' of the Father, full of grace and. truth." Nay. more: not only was His manhood apparent.. but His Godhead too. Hid He not raise the dead with-His .voice? When he walked upon the;sea; wheu He healed the leper, when He opened the blind eyes, when He unstopped the deaf ear*, wc- re not all these gleam- and glimpses of His eternal power hud tiodhead : • These thiugs were not see.t • by. a few priests set apart to enter into the sacred circle, and then to bear witness but through out all Galilee and Judex ic was openly noised abroad thut the Messiah had come, and-' v these things were not done in a corner." . God knows, and God alone, all that His Beloved suffered; but the seourgiug and -the mocking, the spit- I and the crowning with thorns,! tue nailing and the crucifixion, and the death—these were open and manifest things. And not only were the' incarnation of Christ, and .His Deity,' and His death, manifest things, but the way in which these thing* relate to the forgiveness of sin is also clearly revealed to u-: We tell you that there is :t ground for your, trust which your reason may__ apprehend. It is this: That Jesnv Christ .-tood in the room, .place, - and stead of sinners: time God --visited'-.Him with the stripes which were due to us; that, to use the words of our hymn— . He bore, that we might never bear, Fathoms nghtebuiire."; : 1 A fourth matter which yields1 consolation is -the sacrifice itself. "Once in.she end of tho world hath He appeared to put away «n"— ; how? •**Brthesacrificeof Himself," Obserre, brethren: Christ did not come into the worid i merely to put away" sin by His . example—His' example is most blessed, and if we follow it,, it becomes a pot<nt means of. prorcotimr. virtue; Jesus "did'not come.into the worlds merely to pyt away, sin by His teaching— although His teaching docs do that wherever it is received, since • iu the strength of His doctrine men become mighty, through His Spirit to overthrow their inbred sin ; but we are, told in the text that He came 10 put away sin by sacrifice. *'The blcol of Jesus Christ His Sjn cleaiiseth us from all sin:"* and nothing but the blood. It was that sacrifice, my brethren, which commenced ii» Qcthse mane. when the bloedy.swcat b^dew^i Hun from head to foot, when evvrr portion of His i body and every power of His soul was full of' anguish and dismay ; it was that sacrifice, which was curried uu in the hall of Pila tc, before the judgment seat of Caiuphas, at the bar of blustering Herod; a' sacrifice which He offered when they scourged Him, when they pUited a crown of thorns, when they spat upon Hira, when tbev.smo:e Him with" their fists and mocked Him; .a sacrifice which culminated when H?. hung upon the cross iu of Thirst, and shrieked, "My the extreme God, My God, why hastThon forsaken Me? '* Oh einncr, I desire that thou wouldst stand at the foot of the cross and think of Jesos rill thou canst find comfort! I believe the shortest way to faith is to consider well the object of .faith. The true way to get comfort is hot to try and comfort yourself away from the cross, "bat think of Canst dying for you till yon are omfoned; sty unto yocr soul.' UI will never remove from the cross until I am washed in His blood : * Blest Saviour, at Thy feet I lie, here to receive a cure or die: But grace forbids that painful fear—almighty grace, which triumphs here/ " Yon know the healing came to the xin-bitten by Iookinsr at the serpent—not by look up? at.thrir own wounds, nor yet by hearing about the enrc of others: and even so healing will come to you—not by looking at s-in. nor hearing about* Christ, so much ax by fixing your mind's eye upon the cross, and meditating upon Him who died thereon. I ask you to think of the thoroughness of the wotk which was contemplated. In the end of the world Chri-t was revealed to put away .-In. . He did not come into the world to puil:'ati» it merely, or to cover it tip. but He came to put it away. . We read in the Word ; of God sometimes that he cast it into the depth of the sa; that i--glorious; uobody can ever find it again—in the sVirel—s depth j of .the tea Je?u? drowned our sins. .Again, we find He removed it its far as the east is from the west. Who can measure that P So wc can say, " Who shall lay anything to the chargeof God's elect ? It is God that" justifieth. Who is he 'that. condemneih ? It is Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of .God, who also maketb intercession, for us." Oh that some soul may get a ray of light from the evident completion of this work, "Once in ihe cud of the world He hath appeared to put away sin." His redemption is complete; sin is put'away, and believers are'saved. Will you not come, guilty, needy sinners— will-you sot come and partake of the glorious fullness of Christ's merit? Ob, wherefore stand you back? Yon want no fitness. Wait not for it. No goodness is asked of you. Bo not look for it. All goodness dwells in Hiiu. Oorae_with your hard hearts—he will soften rhezn : come with the stone that is. within— He will take it away and give you a heart of flesh. Come to Jesus now for all. * •* Xrue,beliex and true repentance, Every grace that brings us nigh— Without ihouey, come to Jesus' Christ and buv." 