WHY THE TELEPHONE IS UNPOPULAR. An article appeared In "The Age" a few weeks ago- contrasting the telephone systems of -Melbourne auil Sydney, very much to the disadvantage of the former. The prime de fects of the 'Melbourne Exchange' were pointed nut, and the 1'osl muster-General was advised to send an officer to tlie New South M'alcs capital to note tho superiority of the service, .with the view to making Improve ments in Melbourne methods. Since then, Mi. Outtllm, the Deputy Postmaster-Gen eral, has been to Syiluey; lie visited the ex change In thnt city, nail lie lins\ actually tome hack to Melbourne convinced that ours Is the better system. Such a conclusion coming from a sane observant man Is in comprehensible. No one who has even the most cursory know-ledge of Hie two offiues could form such nn opinion, nud that Mr. Outtrlm should prefer Melbourne to Sydney shows how the Influence of dully surround ings will Impress Itself even on the most open minds. TheWiuman weakness of clinging to one's own is universal. The blacktcllow would sooner handle a wnddy than a Lee- Mctforil; the peasant Is happier In Ills hovel llinn ho would be In n pulucc; nnd with all Its Imperfections, Mr. Outlrliu still loves the Melbourne Telephone Exchange. The fnet that there are over S000 subscribers la New South Vales and only 3000 odd iu Melbourne does not Impress the Deputy Tost- uiaster-Gcucrnl. That Is not due to any fault In tlie telephone sys tem. According to Mr. Outtrhn, Sydney has a much larger number ot subscribers, because her travelling fucllitlos are indifferent and because "ii -tired feeling" prevails across the Murray, tho result of an enervating climate, which makes people use the telephone "to save themselves trouble." Exactly. That was the object with which the telephone was Invented— to save trouble. Mr. Outtrlm's idea seeius to ho tbnt if a man at Brighton wants to spcitk to a friend at Esscmlon, when a scorching hrlcklieldcr Is sweeping down from the north, he would sooner wall; or do the trip oil a bike than use the tele phone. People here desire to save themselves trouble Just as much us they do In Sydney. To talk about climate having anything to do with It is nonsense. Ask a Sydney man what he thinks of the Melbourne cllinntc nnd be will tell you, after experiencing a day such ns Wednesday, that the hereafter has no far ther terrors for him. The Sydney telephone system Is more largely used than that of Melbourne because It Is a better managed and altogether, more satisfactory service. That fact cannot be disputed. It is tho tes timony ot every person who lias given the faintest attention to the subject. Mr. Salmon, M.L.A., the Parliamentary ebiuupiou of the young lady telephone operators, who prac tically "run tlie show" here, was recently lu Sydney, and he paid a visit to the telephone exchange. It would he Interesting to hen. If the -member for Talbot, who Is a travelled mnn of the world, shares the optimism of the permanent liciul ot the Post Office con cerning tho Melbourne exchange. No one In Melbourne knows more about telephony tbnu.Mr. Thos. Draper, the well-known elec trician la Colllus-strcot. He wns oue of the proprietors of the service before It was taken over by the Government, nnd ns the result of several trips abroad he has a practical ncqunintnucc with every Important telephone exchange from' Colombo to San Francisco. Mr. Draper has Just returned from a trip to Europe, during which lie visited the ex changes at Berlin, rails, Antwerp, Cologne, Loudon, and . Manchester, Halifax and various English provincial centres, and lie lias returned to Melbourne firmly convinced that our service is tho worst in the world. "Is it due to had management?" he was asked. "No, I would not say that," was the cautious reply. "I should say it wns the absence of manngement. There is nobody In charge iiore," continued Mr. Draper; "no superintendence of any sort, and the girls seem to do as they like. Any European man ager would laugh : nt our stylo of doing tlilugs ns childish and Inept. Tho average telephone services 'on the European conti nent: are chctitier than ours; but tlmt does uot account for their greater use. Australians can afford to pay more. The reason why our system is so Indifferently patronised Is be- entise It Is not mnuaged properly, nnd tho telephone would not ho generally adopted In the same manner ns It Is lu Sydney until subscribers have a guarantee of greater effi ciency than they can obtain nt the present time." Mr. Draper urges strongly that the exchange should be placed under the control of a practical man,' thoroughly convorsnnt with switchboard operations, thnt male su pervision should he employed ns in Sydney, and that the bead telephone gear, which he found In use in every exchange he visited, should form part of tho equipment of tho Melbourne office. This expert testimony fnlly hears out nil that we said In the article comparing the Sydney and Melbourne ex changes. A complete lack of discipline exists here. In n recent number of the "Electrical Review" the following paragraph appears: — "There Is a notice on the wall of tho tele phone exchange iu 'Costa Rlen requesting the lady operators to 'abstain from smok ing' while on duty. It Is snld the service in the exchange Is fairly good, nlthougb no one seems to he in a particular hurry. The operators are leisurely la their movements,' and vnry their professional duties with cheerful conversation." That last sentence admirably fits tlie Melbourne exchange, and If tho request to nhstnln from smoking were made to read, "nhstnln. from reading nnd eroeliet," the analogy with Costa Rica would bo complete. Everywhere else lu the world the telephone Is one of the ordinary con veniences of everyday life; Its absence Is the exception; bore It Is exceptional as far as private households are concerned to find the telephone In use. Tn Melbourne only one inhabitant In ISO subscribes to the tele phone; lu Stockbolni one In 24 subscribes; nud In Manhattan, United States of Ameri ca, the proportion Is one In 23. lii Stockholm they havo what Is described ns the "cheap est nnd most complete service of telephonic communication in the whole world." The system differs from tbnt In use In England anil In these colonics In one very Important respect — there Is a double metallic line to every subscriber, thus forming a complete circuit, and preventing Induction nud waste of current. By this, means a message can be licnrd from the most distant places with dis tinctness, and there Is not the faintest sound of other voices. This splendid service lias another thing to commend It. A house holder cnu secure nmple communication for £2 a year, nud the most expensive of the five tariffs 'is only £5 10a. per annum. For -the latter payment the subscriber Is entitled to the free use of the wires In Stockholm, and throughout a radius of nearly 50 miles! There nrc In force two distinct classes of ser vice, nnd these again are divided Into- three grades. The mnnagera'of this service, which, It may be stated, Is In the hands of a private company, say- that the system of gradod tnrlffs has proved n great success, the lower charges having secured as customers thou sands of persons to whom a telephone is a luxury which they could dispense with if It were nt all costly. There are over 16,000 subscribers, and durlug last year's exhibi tion 200,000 calls wore received ot the cen tral exchange in one day. The staff consists of nbout 350 women! If Mr. Outtrlm visited Stockholm he would probably come back declnring that 'Mel-" bourne was the superior system. No satis faction will ever be got out of the Melbourne Telephouo Exchange until It Is placed under the direction of a manager»wlio understands exchange operations, and who will reorgan ise the entire system. ' —rdlng to Professor Faibe, the earth Ib going to run Into1 Temple's comet on the night of 13th November, 1809. The British Astronomcr- Boynl, however, does fiot think thnt tho comet will arrive iip to time, and will probably not turn up until four months after tho earth has passed the spot where Professor Fnlbe expects the collision to tnke place. But even should the earth bit the comet, or the comet hit the earth, he thinks that It will not do very much harm, for it is an attenuated ghost of a comet, the Impact of which might possibly never bo felt by the denizens of tills onrtli. Pulping Soft Fruits. Hints to exporters,. Cur rent Issue of "The Lsadcr," Orchard, Vineyard and Garden department. 