THE METHODIST CllURCii. MUST SVNOD OF CENTRAL DISTRICT. A social gathering was held in the School ol Arts on Wednesday for the pur ] (se of welcoming the ministers and Othel lo preservatives to the first Synod of the United Methodist Church in the Central I 'is-lricl. which will be opened to-day. '1 here was a good attendance, and the ( hairmau of the district (the Rev. K. \ oungit.an) occupied the chair. The ( hairmau, in opening the meeting, -;iid the gathering was a uiii(|iic one. The )m mlicrs ni ihe .Mel hodi.-l (liiircli in the di-trict 1 1 ;t - 1 never met. before under .-iniilar circumstances. They were about to hold the lir-l Synod ill coii l.nlioll Uliil the I ll'idll Methodic ( hiirch cji Oiieeiisland. (Applause.) 'I lie nci'.i-ioli Would be a historic one. ll «;h one that sonic had been look !!?:: to i'hi1 maiiv a long ve.ir. Methodist ! : i ? i 1 1 n had been regard(-d for a very b-ng linn- as a dream a day dream a thing that wa- uiiMiliMaui ial. lie had heard it -,iiil Ilia; it wa- vcrv nice to think about. I nt utterly :iii|iiact ii.ilile lo carry into ellecl. ll would -appear, however, that linn- «,i- nothing impossible in ihewiTvld provided U wa- po--ible. Methodist union v- as one of the possibilities, and though it had been regarded by \\.erv many for very )- ng as an impo.-»i!iiliiy, it was now a veriiable fact, lie was sure that in that they all lejoiecd. When they thought ot ihe prophecies that had been talked alioui i'.i eoniieciion with \inion. of the awful tilings were predicted that if union ever came about, and of the awful results that wire anticipated ami dunned into their can. lime alter time, they could all'ord to laugh. It was very easy to be a prophet; I. ill one should never prop!icci«c until he knew. lie 1)( licved thai this movement right. Ihrniigh had been in Ihe hands of (?od. and that His wisdom. His goodness, and His spirit hail been guiding His people and leading lliem fo ihe poiul they bait now attained. lie did not know whether any of those present knew any liiiug of Ihe fugs that were experienced in il|i old (oiinlry. and which made things mtiii v-ry (lill'ereiil to what they were in leality: but lie remembered reading once oi a young man who was in a fog. and saw what lie look to be a ghost in the ('istance. lie could not go back, and nerv ing himself to the highest possible pitch, walked on until he got to the object, which turned on! to lie his brother, lie thought that it had been the same in many Kspecis with regard to .Methodist union. II had been regarded as a gliosl by a great many: but now that they had come to it they recognised that they were all l-iethern. all members of a great, family .'ia\ing (he same family likeness and the sa:ue family blood running in their veins. .Ml rejoiced in the fact that union had I ecu accomplished and that here were assembled the brethren of 1 he different churches in the district lo discuss matters iipjK riaining to the common interests of Alcthodisiu. Let them all congratulate one another on what had been achieved; but. i.bove all. let them give (hanks to (iod nnd pray that, by His help, they would be enabled to do the work He had given them to do. (Applause.) The Rev. M. Foggan lirst extended a cor dial welcome lo the delegates. Then, re ferring to the subject of Methodist union, he said there were some who said that Hie people of the dilVercnt Methodist churches would Hot coalesce : but he fell sure Ilia', ;- -oon as (hey came together 1 hey would, lik' the ministers, be brothers and sisters. There was one thing which had struck him in connection with Ihe work of the churches in this colony, and which made him thank ful that union had been brought about. '1 hat was that they had been beating the jtir and wasting their energies : but now that they were one that would be pre vented. This colony was a grand one, and it had a great future before; it. Its popula tion was hound to increase, and he foresaw this-that. as the population increased, there would be two churches in many of the towns. He hoped still to see two churches in these centres - and three :f necessary: but not uulil there was 1h-- need for them. What the united church should strive lo do was. not only to wmk among the people living along the coast and along the railway lines, but among the scattered populations that were settled in the back country. There was oik point of which he was convinced. Thai was that now the churches were united they would be able to deal with all these things mucii better and much more satisfactorily than it had been possible lo do under the old order of things. (Applause.) Mr. II. Williams, on behalf of the Camp bell-street Church, also extended a hemly greeting to the ministers and other dele gates. He expressed his belief that if the members of the united churches rose to the occasion and did their duty the union which had been consummated would mark an epoch in the history of Methodism in (Queensland ; but he was convinced of this \--that the result would depend very largely on how each individual took the matter up. The work that the Synod had 1 1) do was very important, it concerned not only llock'hanipton, but everyone in terested in the welfare of the church from Ik re lo Longreaeh and for a few hundred miles beyond. It had to take up the work of the old Primitive Methodist and Wes leyan churches in all pails of that vast area. In short, it had a very big contract, and he hoped great things would come of it. Air. Williams mentioned that he was present at the conference which was held in Auckland last year, and stated he did not. think it would be maiiv vcars before the whole of Ihe AlcOiodist' churches of Ai;s tialasia would be handed together as the churches in (Queensland were now. (Ap plause.) The ( hairmaii said then- were many things which struck him when he walked (!- \ui Kast-Mrect lirst after his ;? 1 1 i v ;i J in li'oekhaiuplon : bill the thing which struck him most was Ihe memo] ial which had been erected near the Post Oliiee to a humble Alelbodisl pieachcr (he Jlev. ll. Hartley. (A;-- piau-e.l lie had never seen siieli a thing I el'oiv. It spoke well for Rnckhaiiipton : bill il spoke more for Mr. Marl Icy. I'u loiluiialely Mr. Hartley had gone : but he was sine dial if he had lived he would ha \e rejoiced at the union of the Methodist churches. However. Mr. Hartley's son was there, and be had taken a great deal of 'ii lerest in his father's church, lie had. there tore, much pleasure in calling on Mr. llail 1(V. Mr. S. W. Hartley, who was received with applause, extended a welcome to th1 delegates on behalf of the Kit/roy-streel ( Imrcli. liel( rring 1i- the remarks of the (hairmau. he said (hit shortly before his death his father expressed the hope that the day was not far distant when the Methodist bodies throughout \us(ralii would he (me. (Applause.) The meeting -,| (his Synod was one of the most impor tant to the .Methodist bodies in Rockhamp Idii that had been held, and he hoped it would devote some little time to perfecting 'Measures having for their object the bring ing closer together of t he different circiius in all parts of the district, lie hoped Ihe time was not far distant when the churches vould he able to show lo those outside a More outward anil visible sign of the union than they could show at present. Take llockhampton for instance. Although the Methodists of the town were united, they siill had two churches and two ministers, either of whom could minister to a much h.rger congregation than both of Un churches put together. Let it be the en deavour of all who were concerned in the ?welfare of the church and the advancement o! church work here to bring about the es tablishment of an united central chun;i, where both congregations could meet, leav ing one of the ministers at liberty to devote more time than it was possible for him to -h- at present to the outlying places. He did not wish to minimise the dillieulties which lay in the way of that: but he thought that if they were faced resolutely half of them would disappear. (Applause.) The Rev. .1. .1. (lee returned thanks for the hearty welcome. The Rev. ( '. Wesley followed. He said that his iiisl. home in (Queensland when he. came out, from Ihe old country was ii! llockhauiptou, and he remembered the kindly greeting that, he received from one of the grandest missionaries the Methodist Church had ever had - the Rev. R. Hartley. Mr. llait lev's history would form one of the most interesting volumes of Christian biography one could read, and it was a surprise to him that it had not long ere Ihis been written, lie could supply many interesting stories of the grand old man. (Applause.) The union of the Methodist churches had happily been accomplished, lie was one of the clergy stationed in the. west. He lived at Longreach ; but bin dis trict- extended from llfraconibe westward as far as be liked to go. He travelled «.\er the country, going as far as 140 miles out, from Longreach three or four times a-vear. lie was the only clergyman who went as far afield as that. There was great need for many more workers in the west. Then- should he a host of earnest Christian ministers taking the (iospel message to the back blocks, and he trusted the united chinches would rise to the occasion. Kill he also hoped that while there was. in (lie perxni of (lie Chairman of the district, a Melhodist bishop resident in I'ockhaiupton, there would also be a Methodist cathedral in the town. (Applause.) Other speeches were delivered, and in 1 he course of (he cvenin:; songs were contribu ted by Messrs. .1. I!. Ward and Potter, while Mr. N. Wiley I in addition to play ing the accompaniments to the singers) contributed a piano solo. A public devotional meeting, with a sac ramental service, will be held this evening in the Fitzioy-street church. The Kev. Alessrs. S. Lnrkiu and J. R. Williams will deliver addresses. 