THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers posseed l by certain natives-of lhiii?llili live up among the Himalaya mrounalsis. These old men, it is said, have-devoted: scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the' world' knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the "adepts," as these nuear Hindus are called, for the purpose of. binding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated hino rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the prof.ssor wanted to examine soame ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kep'. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. ' : "I can't see to read here," said the visitor. "Then we will have omene light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could n.nt tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality-it east not tle digfted hado . This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affrmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have sn reason for doubt except thatUll the lihbth yoa have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs peralel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson snifed at the account of the Lisbon earth huake, yet credited the tale of. tha Cck Lne ghost, " A man who has been ill for years, and failed to findl a cure, is seepticial when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experiepfc.e Takea in exsl ;- "In the spring of 1888," writes our or-. respondent, "I fell into a low, weak, and languid state I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was de. ranged, my appetite poor, and after eating Iha?ul pain and weight atthechest. Iwas much troubled with wind, sad frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and grat depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had alwaysa sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two yess. .aothing that I teLk..llievoa qa, At lat' I beard .d oth'Ueigel' 8yali and procured a aqplyi. :Ate lhad taken only a few doses Iled aelef; my food digested, and gradually all nervoamess left me. Althugh I bad no reso at t to feel any losidesee in Ihiainedliin? iever having uased it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since ay recovery, for which thank Mother seigel's Carative 8 )R o ha been o the best of healthid-it. In the interests di) wiets. himaityl deem it a duty to nsd yea. tS e naony. (Signed) D. -Orlfths, taildor and.,Jl tar. Hock. ley Hill Biriina m, lse"" ;th?' " There is a deal of d rnc e between Mr. Gvrtlh' ecadid letter and the stlry about the light that ast no hader.- 'I?.,bleter ay be true .pe.h gtitatv veri. ,t Bed with tt ?u4 $ i'oeth. onth othe ? haml w have"?-?o?thy Switnse who will au ltersa d Inquiry, -and a be foound at his addes Finally, there is othi mystial or magical about Moth"er .~. Lnative Syrep. It. acMs a ths :th? thit'. Sailments are bat smpseau, focs, or phasesof that anivenil - s dI dyew (; It cases that, sad throws the I ighted helth and happinesover hCluah ad homes where illa ad ain had cast I seac dark ad terifjing shadows. Andl that is w people believe alltha is told of its sacces y ager witases?a. 