SIR TATTON AND LADY SYKES. MORE FORGERIES IMPUTED TO HER LADYSHIP. THE JURY BELIEVE SIR TATTON. [From our own Corresoondentl LONDON, June 24. Once more the community has been scan dalized by an exhibition in open Court of the unhappy differences in the Sykes family in money matters. Sir Tatton having sue ceeuec on a recent occasion in practically bringing home to his wife a charge of for gery, seems to have become rather ena Kocted than otherwise of the process of vuhing the dirty domestic linen in public. So far as can be gathered, there has been no fatal and final breach between him and hit extravagant spouse, but he has no hen tahou in seeking to rid himself of financial obligations by proving her guilty of one of tie most odious crimes in the calendar. On the present occasion the issue which Mr. Justice Grantham and a Special Jury have had to try related to a loan, negotiated with Lord Rothschild and other Trustees of the Alliance Assurance Company, who thus be came the plaintiffs in the suit. The plea entered by the kn:ghtiy defendant was that the signature to the deed upon which the u.ocey had been raised was not his, and that it had been attached without his kr c w ledge or consent As a matter of fact, three leans had been effected— the first for £10,000, the second for £7,500. and the tbirO for £10,000, which forms the subject for another action. As far back as 1S91, Lacy Sykes, who bad insured her life with the Alliance Company for £10,000, found herself in want of funds, and, as it is altered, with the full knowledge of her hus band, soucht accommodation from the insu rers. It has, as the lady says, for long been* an idiosyncracy of Sir Tatton— a man whose income is roughly set down at £70,000 i year— not to advance ready cash to his trite, but to compel her to resort to borrow ing at fairly high rates of interest. For the f lG.OGC which the Company was to provide a per cent, was to be paid, and the capital was to be refunded in annual instalments of £1,000. In 1S92 a further loan for £7400 pr. the same terms was arranged for, and it was for. the recovery of the first instal ment of thU that the Company now sued. The erratic Knight had at one time declined to acknowledge any liability in regard to the first £10,000: but for various reasons one of them no doubt being that £2,500 of it had actually been paid into his account at the Bank, he thoupht better of it, and agreed to liquidate the liability. In the matter of the £7,500, however, he point blank refused to make any concession whatever, and as a condition precedent to the enforcement of tbe plaintiff's claim, it vt»- necetsary 'to show that he had actually: signed -Urc: deed - ; The process' of prooFwas' rendered 'particularly tedious by the circumstance that the conduct of the case was in the hands of two of tbe most a*tute and pertinacious members of the Bar — to wit. Mr. Lawson Watkin, Q.C., who, with Mr. Pollard, represented the claimants; and Sir Edward Clarke, Q.C., who, wito Mr. Bucknill, Q.C., and Air. Hoiighton, acted for tbe defendant. The first witnesses called were members of the firm of Cunliffe & Davenport, soli citors, who had negotiated the loans, and who made no secret of the tact that they had not thought it needful to submit the draft of the deeds to either Sir Tatton or Lady Syl:es. They had perfect confidence, they said, in the latter, and had had no ground for supposing that any difficulties would ari«e. The next deponent was Mr. Robert do la Poer Beresford, tutor to Mr. Mark Sykt-s, the sole offspring of the ill afwortcd marrinze between the Knight and the dame. He stated that he bad at tested the signature of Sir John Tatton to the first deed, and was present at Sled more when the second was signed. He, would have attested that signature too, but it was thought better to get another witness, and the butler was called in to perform the duty; while Mons. Signor Vnturhan witnewed the sisnature of the ladv. In ieply to questions. Mr. Beresford eaid the defendant alway* had a prcat ob jection to pay nioney away. 'For in stance,' he continued, 'when we were up the Nile together he made me pay certain incidental expenses. He would not even pay for a cab, or give a waiter a tip.' Under cross - examination, he mentioned that when he first entered the family's em ploy he caw signs of incipient insanity, or rather softening of the brain, in the head of the household, and when called upon tor illustration of eccentricity, related the following:— 'Well, he frequently told me that the study of Latin and Greek was ab solutely a waste of time. He also fre quentlv said 'he had asked Lord Rosebery what he thought of a classical education, and that Hi& Lordship replied that Latin was very good, but Greek was not. I replied that Lord Rosebery's opinion on that subject was, perhaps, not worth very much. I aim said that Lord Rose bery's opinion on anything except honce-radng was not worth very much. That wan before Hi* Lordship had won the Derby twice.' Monsipior Vauchan, a pre late of the Roman Catholic Church, and one of the household of his brother, Car dinal Vaufchan, deposed to having attested Lady Sykes's signature; but be had only a faint recollection of the circumstances!. He pave it as his opinion that Sir Tatton was habitnallv in a state of semiconscious ness, that he' was very little impressed by what he was doing at the moment, and a short time afterwards the impression would be obliterated from his mind. Lady Sykes and her ron had become Catholics shortly before 1302, and the learned prelate confewed that he Mill had hope* of bringing tbe husband and father to profess the mme faith, especially as he had expressed his intention to become a member of the Church, when he promised unbuild a new Cathedral. Mr. Justice Grantham— A promise which he ha* not kept. Witness— Yes, my Lord: a promise which he has not kept. (Laughter.) Lady Sykes was now placed in the box. Her Ladyship has had a tolerably large ex perience of Court* of Law. and evidently had all her wits about hec when under exa mination. She shited that her marriage took place in IS74, that by her nuptial set tlement she was to have £500 a year pin money, that although her husband s inconw was £70,000 a year, a fact of which she bat made herself cognisant before she married him, he had never made adequate provision for meeting necessary expenses. He did not object to her going into society, but spurned society himself, except when he rave a dinner in Doneaster week, and i there was company in tbe bouse he would have his food upstates, or would go away. The witness candidly confessed that she had been in need of money ever since her marriage. Having had a very rich father she naturally, being young, 'expected to be comfortable, and live in a. pleasant way.' To manage at all she had often been obliged to obtain assistance from friends, and when she got her husband in a good humour he would pay back what #Im- had borrowed. He had much less ob iection to na\\*inz larse rams: it ww the little sums that made him miserable. Her Ladyship swore positively that Sir Tatton had 'affixed his signature to the dee»l in dis pute. 'He objected.' she atided. 'to sign ing on a Sunday. £he never went to Church, because' of the draughts, except for communion. He to.» has never been to Church for ywrs. and he «lt-1 not like ser mons, l Laughter.) I brought tho suit for the restitution of conjugal right* because it wu the only course leic to me. I was starving. I may say that my husband has been always periectly friendly with me, and is still friendly. He said that he would | settle all this at once if he were not afraid of Sir Edward Clarke. (Laughter.) Yes, he said it in the presence oi witnesses. Mr. Watson— Is my friend's forensic pre sence so formidable? Witness— Well, he said so, and before others, too. (Witness here asked tor a glass of water.) Mr. Justice Grantham— I hope you are not afraid of Sir E. Clarke. (Laughter). Witness— Not an all; I am more afraid of your lordship. (Laughter.) Cross-examined by Sir Edward, the lady would not admit that her financial difficul ties were due to gambling debts, the fact being that she generally won. She had to pay everything, and it was that which crippled her. It was not true— it was an abominable lie— that she had £11,000 a year exclusive of household expenses. She and Sir Tatton had had joint speculations, and some of them were successful. Her hus band, like most other people, was very fond of high interest. Sir E. Clarke— On December 14, 1896, did you sign the following:— 'In consideration of Sir Tatton paying say £12,000 to Mr. Mills, solicitor for Sir:Tatton Sykes, to dis charge my present liabilities and guaran teeing to me the future receipt- of £5,000 per annum in addition to my pin-money, I positively promise not to speculate any more on the Stock Exchange, or to bet for credit on the turf, an'd, I will pay the house hold and stable accounts in London.'— Yes. ??..??' . Did Sir Tatton agree to find £16,000 to cover your liabilities?— I think Mr. Mills told me he had persuaded him to do so. Did you afterwards say you wanted a further sum of £30,000 to meet your lia bilities?— I have no recollection of it. Re-examined by Mr. Lawson Walton— I had further liabilities berond the £10.000. Sir Tatton had many speculations, includ ing £40,000 in Monte Carlos, and a con siderable sum in a Mexican mine, which was not successful. What kind of mine?— It is supposed to contain gold, but I am. afraid there b no gold there. (Laughter.) When the epecu latioas turned out trumps Sir Tatton was pleased, and when I won at racing he used to say I could pay for the Doncaster party. When you came to London did he make you an allowance?— He gave me £23 a week in London, but it was of no use, of course. (Laughter.) We were living at the rate of £15,000 a year. The evidence of a number of commercial geftlemen, most of whom stated distinctly hat the signature to the 1802 deed was in Sir Tattan^ handwriting, was then placed befoie the Court. The butler, who, it was asMrtcd, had attested that signature, was not, examined, for the simple reason that he had disappeared, and could not be found. In openinz the case for the defendant, Sir Edward Clarko painted in lurid colours the extravagances- -ol ?- Lady Sykes, and dwelt upon the -proofs'' that Sir Tatton had been victimized again 'and again by means of documents ostensibly signed by him, but wbicL he had never seen until application iii] been made to him for payment. He bud, ir. the hope of saving his wife's goo- name, d:sbursed tens of thousands of pounds, but the obligation to meet' these constant claims had become intolerable, am le had been obliged to take a stand acainst being fleeced in a wholesale way. The re sult of his doing so bad been seen in the case ot the suit brought by Jay, in which the Jury had decided that tbe sipnatures sworn to be Sir Tattoo's were not his, but were forgeries. The circumstances of the matUrs now being investigated were these: —'In December, 1896, Sir Tatton was in fctiued that there were three deeds of 1891, 1S92. and 1893, amounting altogether to £?7,00C. Sir Tatton knew that he had never lieen called uikhi to pay for any one o these deeds a shilling interest upon any of the loans; and. having that strongly in his mind he denied his signature to the deeds. It might very well be that Sir Tatton's real sigrrture had been obtained to a document of which he did not know the contents. In cMisicerin? this case,' he hoped the Jury wcula look at the larse amounts which Lady Sykes had received since 1800. Where hail these larce sums of money cone? They Lac1 gone in ways and for purposes which Lady Sykes either wrtpld not or could not rtvcal.'r It was ailer the arrangement * hereby she was to receive £12.000 down ina £5,000 a year had been made, that iicav? labilities, which bad been carefully i-t wealed, were discovered, the fact being that it would nave taken more than £30,000 over and above the £12,000 to meet Her Ladyship's debts. ' The defendant, in his evidence, denied ill knowledge of the loans from the Al liance Insurance Company, and with more »r less indignant emphasis maintained that he had provided ample funds for keeping up his establishments at Slcdmore and Cirosvenor-road. It was not true that he pver kept Lady Sykes without funds to pay proper expenses. He was only too pleased to let her have even- thing that was legitimate; he did not want the money thrown an-ay. Mr. BncknQl (handing to witness the deed of 1891)— We know that with regan to the deed of 1891, between yourself and the Alliance, you were sued. Do you re collect siming that deed?— When I »w thitf signature on three or four occasions I «aid it was not mine, but I am told by ncperU that it is. But Sir Edward Clarke will explain this matter. Mr. Justice Grantham — I understand you to say that you thought the signature was not vours until you were told by the expert* tfiat it wa*?— Yes. You have not said how it wan obtained? —No. Sir Edward Clarke will explain that. '?'?:??: Mr. Bncknill— SineeHhen you hare paw the money for which 70a were sued, and the co«u'of the action? — I am going to Sir E. Clarke— An instalment ban been paid, and the deed has been acknow Icdped. Ihe above question* and answers em bodied admUsions that were rather unfor tunate for Sir Tatton 5vkes, for Mr. Law *on Walton rang th«*chanRes upon them wi'.b telling effect. Here is a sample:— Will you look at that deed and say whether it b*ars your signature?— Witness —I said on three or four occasions that the signatup: was not mine, bnt I gave way to the experts, and I go on to add that Sir Edward Clarke will explain how mv signature wan obtained. Mr. Walton-Sir Edward Clarke speaks on your instructions, but I want to know what you sav.— If you will have a little patience, Sir Edward Clarke will ex plain. I have no notes, and I could not sav. Yon arc the defendant in this action, and Sir Edward and Mr. Mills can only give such information as you impart to them. You first of all said it was no vour signature, and now you say it is, ud I ask vou to tell the Jury what your ex planation is.— I really could not po into that. If you will have a little patience, Mr. Walton, Sir Edward Clarke or Mr. Gardiner will explain it to your satisfac tion. (Laughter.) I have no doubt that the ingenuity of Sir Edward Clarke or of Mr. Gardiner is f-)ual to the furnishing of any explanation that may be necessary— flauphten— but I want your recollection. Sir Tatton.— It is too long a story. Lord Russell suid— Never mind Lord Ruwell. Everything in this case, according to my view, tums on your memory. Now. will you kindly tell the Jury; it ?* a very sirunie nwtier. You say thai you did sign the deed?— No, I di'l not say that. 1\\- you say now that you did ?ign?— No; I pave way to wha: the expert* said. )X- you from your recollection say that you did not sign?— Really you will excuse roe. It it a long story connected with tbe first investment in Monte Carlo. Monte Carlo was long after that, years after. I want you to answer two questions. The first is, Do you now say, Sir Tatton, that this is your signature, or is it not?— I have said three or four times that I gave nay to the experts. Then you still think it is not yours?— I do not say that One cannot speak to these forgeries. Have you any opinion whether it is your signature or not?— Well, if it is mine, it was obtained by deceit, and that story I must leave to Sir Edward Clarke or to Mr. Gardiner. I cannot say more than that. Let us proceed by steps. First, you can not say whether it is yours or not?— Upon my word I can only repeat what the ex perts say. Do you say it is not?— I say so. You say it is not yours?— One moment. If it is mine it was obtained by deceit. It is of no use troubling me further about that. (Laughter.) Do you or do you not adopt what the experts say?— I adopt what they say. . You have no recollection of signing it, but yon think you did sign it?— If it really is my signature of course I can say no more. The lawyer next proceeded to heckle the muddle ? headed witness about the £2^80 odd that had been paid into his banking account out of the first loan of £10,000 from the plaintiffs. Poor Sir Tatton could only suggest in a despairing way that this money must have come from yearlings, or from rent, or from the sale of timber, or from some other source, and been banked unbeknown to him. More than once he complained of being unduly placed on the rack. By and by, Mr. Walton said — 'Wellt let me pass on.' The witness (greatly relieved)— Yes; now we pass on. (Laughter.) But the relief was only momentary, for nresentlv the defendant became more hone tessly confused and sett-contradictory than ever. He was asked— Had you written to Mr. Praed of the Alliance Company, and authorised him to hand over a life policy to Mr. Sykes?— Mr. Gardiner (solicitor's agent for Sir Tatton'a estate) will have to answer that question. Laughter.) Is not the letter, in your own handwrit ing, and does it not authorise Mr. Praed to hand over a life policy to Lady Sykes?— I do not know what you mean by a life policy. (Laughter.) 1 mean a policy of insurance on the life of Lady Sykes?— I never heard of such a tlu'ng before. Then it is untrue that you ever autho rised Mr. Praed to hand it over?--)f course I did not. I have been deceived in some way or other. You have no recollection of writing that letter?— If I had written a letter of that character Mr. Gardiner would have heard all about it. Why is this letter kept back? (Laughter.) Mr. Lawson Walton— Come, . come, Sir Tatton. This is a serious case; as it in volves a charge of forgery against Lady Sykes. Do you tell the Jury you have never, heard of a policy on your wife's life, and have no recollection of authorising Mr. Praed to band it over?— I have not the slightest recollection of it Look at that letter, and tell me whether it is in your handwriting?— That is my handwriting. I ought to remember this, upoa my word. (Laughter.) It is a curi ous thing. Has Mr. Gardiner some recollec tion about the matter? Mr. Lawson Walton read the letter, which ran as follows:— 'I request you will hand my wife the policy on her lite which you hold.— Tatton Sykes.' You wrote tnat?— Yes, in 1805. At that time I had not beard of the Alliance Com pany's loans. The unhappy witness was now released from purgatory in the box, and distin guished extierto were called to contradict those who had given evidence on the other side. One of these, Manager of a Bank at Duttield, rather gave himself away, as the following colloquy will testify:— Mr. Lawsoh Walton (handing witness a deed)— What .do you say about the signa ture on that deed?— 1 should not pay on that sknature. Mr. Uwson Walton— then 1 will tell vou what the deed is. It is the postnup tial settlement of Sir Tatton Sykes.— That is a long time ago. I saw the first deed, and thought tbe signature was a genuine one. ? Another of the expert*, Mr. George Smith Inglis, thus replied to questions put to him in crostf- examination. Mr. Lawson Walton— You were a witness in one famous case. 'The Queen v. Par nell?'— I was. sworn to give evidence, but did not. ,, But you were going to say Mr. Parnell wrote the famous letter?— What I was going to say 1 did not say. (Laughter.) I was not asked to say anything. You were called for the purpose of sup porting the case for the 'Times?'— I gave advice to the 'Times.' And after giving that advice they ralta you?— I was put into the box, but was not asked any questions. The summing up of the Judge was dis tinctly unfavourable to the plaintiff, and in the end. after about thirty-five minutes' re tirement, the Jury returned a verdict for the defendant Asked whether they found that Sir Tatton had not signed the deed they unhesitatingly replied in the affirmative. This decision place* not only Lady bykes, but Mr. Burford. in a very awkward pre dicament, for it distinctly implies that they have been guilty of deliberate forgery. Mons. Signor Vanghan b not in the same condem nation, for his evidence was given so guardedly that he cannot be accused of false swearine. Whether any criminal pro ceedings will be taken against Her Ladyship it ia impossible at present to say, but the newspapers very properly insist that matters should not be left where they are. Further actions - designed to make Sir Tatton Sykes /responsible under deeds which he avers he did not sign, have been on the lists for hearing, but the plaintiffs feel that nothing is to be gained by pro ceeding with them. Yesterday an action, brought by the North British and Mercan tile Assurance Company to recover £28,000, was called on, but as no evidence was tendered the Jury at once found for the de fendant. The second suit by the Alliance Insurance Society wa* down. for hearing, but there is scarcely the ghost of a chance of its being brought on. Lady Sykes is now thoroughly discredited, and unless her hnxband is generous her creditors will pro bably have to whistle in vain for their money. 