DRESS, It is urged that it Is an indocenoy for I women to alt astride. I a-k, Why 1 [remarks Lady Oook in tho Eurtka Magazine. ] Uut I 'Good Quoen Anne' introduced the Bide saddle, tho women of England always rod*' horseback aatrldo like tho men, na the woman | of many countries do to the present day. It is nonsense to connect immorality with either mode, na it is simply a matter of costume ; and when tho novelty of seeing a woman astride has worn off, time will sanction both it and knickor-bnokers, as it haB sane tloned so m my othor things. It is somewhat amusing, however, to hoar women who appear at public functions in the most decollete manner-semi.nudo, armo and shouldersbacks ?mil breasts bare to all beholders-disparaging the modeut woman who only displays, to the extent of a few inches, the uhape of a pair of well-covered legs. Ladie9 of position hav. long been accustomed to accompany thei male friends to cover and moor shootings, habit td in knickers and loggings, an I litile notice hSs been taken ; but the adoption of similar garment.3 by the oycling community is quite another thing, and requires polioe ntorforenco. Mankind havo been trying all kinds of clothing possibly to dlsoover a ration"! dress, and have not found the suitable one yet. We may still pay, as Chaucer in the ' Parson's Tale,' ' Alas 1 May not a man see as In our daios, the sinneful coBtlewo array of clothing iTid nnmely in to mocb superfluities was the ' longth of tho fareaaid gouns, trailing in the myre, on hora and eke on fo t, as well of man ?«i of woman, that all thilbe trailing is veraly wasted, oonsumed, threadbare, and rotten, rather than it is geven to thepoure.' Tho fashion of short and tight hreoohes 'which rather exposed the wearer's nakedness than hid it,' was banished from Franco by an edict of Charles "V. The beaux of Eliza beth's reign, however, differed from thode o I Chaucer's and Charles' times. They Btuffed their breeches with feathers, rags, and other light materials, until they were swollen to a huge oircumforence ; and at the same time tho ladies wore large hooped farthingales ; something like modern crinolines, so that ' two lorers aside could surely never hn>o taken one anothor by the hand.' In a print by Vertue, Lady Hunds jn.a leader of fashion headB Elizabeths procession to LordHundson. Her standing up wire ruff, rises above her ] hosd, her stays reach to her knees, and hor | farthingale encloses her ' as in a eapacious tub.' Disraeli Bays;-The amorous Sir Walter Raleigh must have found some of the Maids of Honor tho moat Impregnable fortification his gallant spirit over assailed.' Old Stowo eaya of the reign, ' in that time ho was held the greatest gallant that had tho deepest ruff and longest rapier.' Wo have seen an old French print of Adam and Eve in elaborate Eastern costumes, robed, jew elled, and turbanned, although we are told our Biblical ancestors commenced with fig leaves, and did not advance beyond 1 coats i f skins.' Tho graceful and Greekliko dreaaea of Anglo Saxon times oontinued to lingor , long after the Conquoror. The conqnent of Prance by the English introduced Fcncb fissions, and these and oth'r refinements continued to come to us at intervals from Italy and Holl md also. I Shakespear ON xhe 1 BIKE.'-Shakespeare, rib would foem, must have known something I about the bicycle, for throughout his plays he makes frequent references to the wheel. It musb be that Hamet's had visited a j bicyole acsdemy, where beginners on tho I wheel were plenty, for his Ghost Bald ' What a falling of wee there t' Tills most excellent description is parall eled by another in the same play, in which reference is made to an accident, the new woman of the early Bixteenth century being evidently the groateat suflerer. The first prayer say? ' Broke all tho spokes and fellows from her wheel.1 Then the fool in Lear gives advice to const ore, of the merits of which the modern ridor may judge for himself. He eaya. ' He sayB let go thy hold when running downh 111, lest it break thy neck with follow ing it.' Even Cluopitro bad her wheel. Antony i advises her to mount it and seek Ca-ar, whuu | he says. j ' Of CiBsar seek your honour, with your safety.' There were bicycle thieves In those days, and owners had tocrefully guard their precious wheela. Xn the Tempest Alonzo says to the King. ' Wo, too, my lord.' Will guard your person while you take your rest, And watoh your ' safety.' I In the some play, Ariel undoubtedly heatd the king and hia attendants coming on their wheels when she sang, 4 Hark I Now I hear them ; ding-dong bell.' There is no doubt that Achilles, in Troihtt and Crestida, travelled on a bloyolo, for he says to his myrmidons. ' Attend me while I wheel.' It is Bafe to aaumo that, as to-day tho wheel is a never ending aource of conversation so was it it tho timo of Titus Ai drnnicus, though the listener was more patient then. Aaron Bays to Demetriua. ' Now talk with pleasure of your 'safety,' It appears from ft quotation mado by the king in 1 All's Well that enda Well' that < ho law reqnired lamps to bo cirrlt d at night, and j that a violation of it was followed by death. He Bays.- ' ' Lot me live after my flame lacka oil.' Chains were not noiseless, and bolls were uaod in tho days of tho ' Comedy of Errors,' an is shown by a conversation betwoen the Dromio of Syracana and Adrlana, which runs thus. ' A. chain, a chain, do you not hear ib V ' What, tho ohain ?' * No, no ; the bell.' Lovers to ba strictly up to dato will havo to resort to some mora novel way of pledging their engagements than that of the ordinary conventional ring. It hua become quite tho fashion for tho pnrtio to an ongagoment to wear rings or bracelets made of each other's hair. An Americin athlete while ho was en gaged wore a belt set with CO >t!y jewo's, with locks of bi< fianoee's hair intori wined. Some little timo -go a lover persua lod the ludy of his affection to havo a bracelet tat tooed on her arm. At tho present momenc there is a Cuban woman in New Tork who wears a golden oircle round her ankle, whioh is locked with a look that can be opened only by hor lover. One of the mr-Bt remarkable pledges exchanged was that of a young American womon and her lover, who had diamonds set In their front teeth when they became engaged. After tho happy knot had been tied these jewelti were taken out and placed in rings. Thla involved a certain amount of pain, which probably made the pledge all tho more romarkablo. Thoro is a Btory, too, of a famous actor whoso finance had lost the nail from tho fingor of her left hand. To her, when they became cngagod, ho gave a finger-nail of gold, ln«cribod with hia initials, and had it put in place by a famous physlolm. In some countries-Aus tria-for instance-gold bracelets ? are tho proper thlnga in engagements. After all, it is doubtful whether tho old diamond engage ment ring can be beaten, and still mors doubtful -whether any dovlco will over oast it oat of the field. . 