Local and General. DEATH.-Mr. Charles Copeland Bennett, aged 35 years, son of Mr. Copeland Bennett of Bunda noon, died in Sydney on Monday morning. The cause of death was jaundice, from which he had suffered for some time. The burial will take place to-day in St. Jude's Cemetery, Bowral, where de ceased's mother is interred. THE TENDER of E. A. Allerdice and Co. (£135/ 15/) has been accepted for alterations and repairs to the Sutton Forest Public School. Be wise in time ! 'Tis good advice. Man gets his chance but seldom twice ! And therefore do not be cajoled Into neglect of cough or cold ! For both there is no nostrum truer Than that of Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. AN INTERESTING! LfiGTURE on the Refor mation of the Eighteenth Century was delivered by the Rev. M. H. Parkinson on Monday night in the Wesleyan Church, Bowral, in aid of the circuit funds. Two full-grown rabbits and seven young ones were captured last Saturday on the banks of the Wollondilly at Kenmore. Heavy Gambling.-It is alleged that Prince Alfred, Duke of Saxe-Coburg, lost £3000 at one sitting, and that another officer lost his entire for tune at Baccarat. Both belonged to the first Dragoon Guards, a German regiment. The Em peror has cashiered both officers. DOG FORMS at this office - 1d cash. "I didn't know," said an old lady, as she put down her newspaper, "that thieves were so scarce that they had to advertise for 'em, and offer a re ward for their discovery." A young girl in Auckland of timid disposition, was asked by her mother the other night to lock the door at which someone was knocking, causing both alarm. While doing so the girl dropped down dead from fright. ALL WHO SUFFER from weak digestion should eat Rutherford s malt bread, it is highly recommended. Ask for cart to call. AT THE SYDNEY ART SOCIETY'S Spring Show, opened on Monday, Miss Alice Norton exhi bited a water-color picture, " In the Berrima Dis trict, .which was a charming example of her skill; while Mr. J. Salvana's picture, "Trees of the For est," has been purchased by the trustees of the National Art Gallery. COTTAGE HOSPITAL.-Our report of last Fri day's committee meeting omitted to mention that Mr. John Piggott verbally resigned his seat on the committee, owing to a little hardness of hearing pre venting him catching all that is said at the meet ings, and so making it impossible to understand the discussions that sometimes occur; but the commit tee, recognising Mr. Piggott's long and faithful ser vices, would not entertain the idea, and so the resig nation was not accepted. Jennie-" Why does Miss Passey cross the ocean in an American vessel now ? Doesn't she know that she is liable to be taken by some Spaniard ?"? Mollie-" Just what she's going for. She has lost hope of being captured by an Englishman." NARROW ESCAPE.-One day last week Mr. R. Soutter was cycling home to his dinner, when be caught sight of one of Mr. W. J. Gregory's children, a child of seven years, stooping down in the middle of the street, picking up a toy. The child, not hear ing the bike, made no attempt to get out of the way, and Mr. Soutter just managed to dismount before reaching the child, but so close was he upon him that he could not avoid leading the bike over one of his legs, but in nowise causing any injury.' SIGNET TOBACCO. Fielding, in the Grub Street Opera, wrote, What a glorious creature was he who first discov ered the use of tobacco," and Byron might indeed have leen thinking of "Signet" Tobacco. "Glori ous in the pipe when tipped with amber. Mellow, rich, and ripe." Only " Signet" had not then been thought of. More's the pity. Y.W.C.A.-The 10th annual meeting of the Bow ral branch of this association was to be held last night. Report next issue. THE WEATHER during the past week has been fine and warm with occasional dust storms of a disagreeable character. Those who wanted six months' fine weather will soon be crying out for more rain. ILLNESS.-A number of Bowral people are ill. Mr. George Harvey has been laid up with gout for sometime; while Mrs. A. J. Harrison is on her way to recovery after a rather severe illness. Mrs. S. Frost continues to improve rapidly. We trust these and all others will soon be restored to perfect health again. Last week an auctioneer was fined £880 for sell ing to a butcher at Dubbo 19 head of cattle diseased with cancer and tuberculosis. He pleaded that the cattle were sold at 5/ each for their hides only, and that the carcases were intended to be destroyed. While the wedding service is proceeding in Japan the bride kindles a torch, and the bridegroom lights a fire from it and burns tho wife's playthings. A little bit of patience often Makes the sunshine come ; A little bit of love makes a Very happy home ; A little bit of hope makes a Rainy day look gay, And a little bit of charity Makes glad a weary way. TENDERS are invited for the renovation of the School of Arts billiard room, Bowral. For further particulars see advt. She-" Do you love me, sweet ?" He-" Dearly." She-" Would you die for me ?" He -" No, my precious girl; mine is an undying love." A man never realises how insignificant he is until he attends his own wedding. Husband-" How do you like the view ?" Wife (with ecstacy)-" Oh ! I am speechless." Hus band-" Well, if that be so, I think we had better stay here for a while." A " ghost" has been promenading the outskirts of Bendigo, and efforts to capture it have been unsuc cessful. One evening the contents of a shot-gun was discharged at the jokist, apparently without doing any damage, and a couple of evenings ago a plucky young woman throw a stone at him, and the "ghost" retaliated by brutally striking her in the face with his fist. About two o'clock one morning recently a tramway employee saw a figure in white staring at him from behind a fence. The employee was armed with a revolver, but was too frightened to use it. The Princess of Wales has the most valuable thimble in the world. It is of gold, delicatoly traced with blue enamel, studded with small slabs of vari ous precious stones. It is an heirloom; inherited from Denmark. THREE CASTLES CIGARETTES. The value of anything is rightly judged by the re sults. Tho " Three Castles" Cigarettes have been sincerely judged, and the public verdict has been.one of triumphal satisfaction. EUTIIEIIFOBD'S WHITE BEBAD guarranteed 100 per cent more malt than any other bread in the district. Try it.-* 