RELIGIOUS news. Dr. Duff at St. . Andrew's Church.—-A. speoml Weltome serviim to the Rev. R. S. Doff, D.D,,'the deputy;^rpm fjhb, Free Church of Scotland. washeld-al'St. Andrew's Church on Wednesday- evening. Oh. behalf of- the: Presbyterian Assembly of -iSouth Australia | the Moderator, the Rev. J; T» RobeKsori,; M. A, extended the visitor a hearty welcome. - j After Dr. Duff-hod expressed bis'thanka for the : warm welcome, he delivered a short! address. ' He always felt proud that he.: belonged to the Free Church of Scotland,'but - perhaps never ^so muqh before; as when he] witnessed the Celebrations at Dunedin, New Zealand. It was a'proud moment, for: him when* he stood, with, his colleague, Mr.. Molntoah, as a deputy of the FreeCburChdfj Scotland, the Church to which toagreatextenU Dunedin owed its present flourishing position..; Fifty years ago the representatives of. the; Free Church landed at Port Chalmers, then.a ' land of grass and solitude, but the Loijr prospered, them, and riohly so. / Hisiyisit had been full of interest, and he would .go home : with a grand account of h6w the ^orjc.of the. Lord was making, such headway in the daughter Churches of the sunny south. One thing which had impressed hirh very muoh during his stay in the colonies was the anxious enquiries he, had had regarding the welfare of friends in Scotland, and. the many messages he had to take to them. This had made him think, in faot the -very hearty handshakes had made him feel sure, that there waastill the old love—the old longing to be back'in dear• old Sootland again. There, should be a feeling of patriotism in every Christian's heart, a leaning spirit- towards the land' of his adoption. To those living in Australia* a glorious heritage had been given, and Aus-. tralians should live up to it. Think of it. For centuries upon Centuries the Lord of all the universe had kept Australia as a secret book, and he had now* given it as a heritage to those who resided in' it, for them and their children, to show forth His glory, and for the furtherance oi His Kingdom. He felt very earnest on the point of instilling into young minds the worth of purity. In the old country the subject of purity' was disoussed over and, over again, and work was organized, but there* appeared to be very little diminution in vice. In a young and beautiful city like Adelaide why should, vice gain theupperhand. If all true earnestChristians would only makeit theirduty not only to. prevent the spreading of vice, .but to stamp it out altogether, Adelaide would in time to cnmB be the better and purer for it, and the problem of vice would be easy to oope with. The future of South Australia rested with the ohildren, and the future of the chil dren rested with the parents. No man was too great to teach a little child, and nothing proved so beneficial to a young man in after life as the Christian training of even a humble home. A spirit of reverence should also be instilled in the minds of the young. He did wish there waB a better spirit of Christian oharity, and thought that the great motto, "Charity to,all, malice, to none," would be a firm foundation-for any Church to work upon. He brought a message .with him, and heex facted that message to be cafried to all homes. t was " God loves you." * If this message was spread and all were baptized with the Holy Ghost the various and serious problems which at present confronted Christians would easily be successfully worked out.. Methodist Demonstrations.—The. Jubilee Conference of the British Meth,odist Local Preachero' - Mutual Aid Association was held . in Manchester last month. stAbout 600 local' | preachers were present from-all parts of (he kingdom^ The President of- the Wesleyan Conference, who was unable to attend, sent a 1 hearty letter oontaining the following words: —" Your order is at once one* of the greatest ministries of the Catholic,Churoh, ana one of the best defences of that Protestantism to whioh we owe so muoh. The separated pastorate of Methodism, together with its lay ministry, are binary stars, so evidently in' the hands of Him who walks amid the golden candlesticks that they reduce to ab surdity the assumptions of eoclesiasticism." Fifteen hundred pounds had been paid to admit the looal preaohers of the Methodist New. Connexion into the Association, which now represented four sections of Methodism, and it was said that, "while conferences had been shelving Methodist union the local preaohers had solved the problem." A resolution ex pressing admiration for Mr. Gladstone's oharacter and devotion and sympathy with his widow was carried whilst all the brethren stood in solemn silence. Permission was given local preachers in,Ireland, the Isle of Man, the Channel and Scilly Isles to join the Association. There were 6,5!)G benefit and 2,383 honorary mqmbers, a total membership of 9,339, beipg an increase of 737. Income for tho year £14,436, and £6,904 had been'distri buted among 517 brethren and widows. Altogether for sickness, deaths, and super annuation during the fifty years the sum of £174,709 had been paid. Mr. H. Atkin, who was cordially received as the representative of American Methodism, said that in Amerioa they had 21 Bishops, 146 annual conferences, 27,000 itinerant ministers, 29,000 local preachers, nearly 6,000,000 members, £40,000,000 worth of property. Their book sales amounted to £400,000 a year, and they had ' a National Association for local preachers, with a University in which sixty students were being trained for the ministry.— The British Primitive Methodist Conferenoe was held last month in Leeds, where a Church was formed of 57 members in 1819. The cause grew with the town, and now comprises 8 Circuits, 14 ministers, 3,000 members, and Church property worth £65,000. The Rev. J. Smith, General Missionary Secretary, was elected President, and in his inaugural address stated that no tower than 3,006 of their 5,500 Churches were in villages, and in 2,500 of these tho only school was a sectarian eobool in which no Primitive' Methodist could enter as a toaohor, although one of their bright village boys might enter the University and become a Professor without deserting the * faith of his fathers. Fifty now1 chapels had been erected during tho year, with 12,235 sittings, at a cost oP£55,000, of which £25,000 had been raised. The Chapels Erovided accommodation for over a million eaters,- and were valued at upwards of £3,800,000. The Chapel income last year was £345,140, and the expenditure £299,729. The Sunday scholars numbered 460,000, an increase of 3,,500, while 516 Christian Endeavour Societies contained a membership -of 15,651. The Church membership of the whole denomination was nearly 200,000. — The 102nd conference of the Method )Bt New Connexion was held last month in Notting ham, where the denomination has 5 Circuits, 24 ChapelB, and 2,065 members. The Sunday schools of the Connexion contain 83,838 sahplars, 10,978 teachers, and nearly all the latter are members of the Church. Thirty - eiglit years ago, when the denomination had only 25,000 members, it reBolved to attack the hoary heathenism of China with its 400,000,000. Now, inoluding 992- on trial, there are 3,115 members in the Church there, an increase of 300 for the year. The Rev. .David Heath was . elected President, 