A Ghost Story, EXTRAORDINARY CORROBORATION. In the Glasgow;' "Weekly Moil' there appealed one of the moat remarkable stories of a clairvoyant ever published. After a quarter of a century ago a young man named George Arthur, son' of Mr. and Mrs. Arthur, of Benston, left Australia for home on board of the sailing vessel ' Superb.' His mother-a woman whose truth- fulness and reliability were altogether beyond dispute, and whose story was amply, verified by members of her household, by the' KevB. M'Queen, and, MacDonald-saw in vision .all that befell her son from the moment he set foot on' the deck of the ship till he was consigned to the sea. To quote the words of Mr. M'Queen, 'She could describe the point from which be sailed, the crew of the ship, his fellow-passengers. She saw her son struck by a ball of ropes (a' cork fender); ', . ' ' She ' BOW him put into a strait- jacket and lowered into the bold of the ship. She saw them ploying cards on deck and putting the counter's into her son's pocket, which were actually found in his clothes when they carno back. \- ' She could describe' the berth her son occupied, the various parts of the ship, with, an accuracy that 'was surprising in one who had never been on board ship. ' And last of all, she told the manner of his burial, the dress, and service that was rood, the body moving, the protest of one of the passengers ' that he was not dead, She had a succession of trances by day and night which are unparalleled. 'She Baw some of the painful Bcenes in church, and has been known to cry out in horror and agony.' On board the -'Superb,' à fellow passenger, with Mrs., Arthur's eon'was a young man, Arthúr Gilmour by name, ; whom the Benston farmer's wife. saw frequently in her trances, and .when he came home she went through to.. East . Kilbride, ''where he was residing with, his brother, . to seo him. . ', .-' "When':' :be ' entered . the ' room where she was waiting to receive him, she rose and exclaimed-' Why did you 'allow them to ill-use my son ?' He started and said, ' Who told you ?' And in reply she began her terrible record, and continued it'so graphically that.'when she had 'closed,'the young man fainted away.. .'./.-.. ? ..It is from this gentleman, 'Mr. Arthur Gilmour, how of Aljoh's ; Flat, Victoria,; : that we ' .have/received corroboration; of 'the?". story" told in these columns in, . May, . and now briefly aubmarièed.*'' His letter' runs as fbllewS':- ? " ". ' Allan's Plat, Victoria. ' Dear; Sir,-I read your, article about George Arthur and his mother, and what took place ob. board tho " Superb" ship going.' horne.. It is all correct, only there was more. I never told his mother^that George was out of his mind when he wâB killed. She did not see him knocked down by, a sailor with' a'hand-spikè, but she saw him carried'along the, deck and; put down the forehold. ' In the morning he was dead 1 right' enough. I went, downland cut off a lock of his hair and took'it, home to bis mother. It was quite correct that .when she came to soe me at my. brother's house she knew me, '"although/ she.;' had . never been me j except in', her i vision.'?'. She would '¿ot' let - me speak,, sat down beside -.nie '.¡on the '..sofa, and - told everything that took place except the blow,that killed'; hinv ;I did. 'not see' 'i^e;píí¿'¡^(!\¡jiis'óme.of. the second-class 'pà's'8engers:sawîit ail; -::T . '.¡ :ú¡ . ?' ' AUTHUR GIÜMOÜB.' .Mr."Gilmour's,letter puts the cop on one of the most extraordinary tales that have ever been 'given to the public .with full corroboration of authenticity." There is not a link 'wanting in 'the chain.,; Everything is complete,' and the. progress of the tragedy is traceable from the very beginning to the sad consummation of death by violence and burial at sen. The discussion which is taking place in one of the English papers as to which " working " womon earns the most money bringa out the fol- lowing ' interesting facts :--Patti has made £70,000 a year'; Melba earns £30,000 when in full work; KOBO Bonneur has sold one year's paintings' for £30,000: and Sarah Bernhardt makes an average of £14,000. ; , . Complaints have come to us of hens dropping' dead from their perches. The birds were, not eiok beforehand and werei very fat.. ; The deaths must arise from feeding on too much corn or other fattening food during hot weather, and are undoubtedly cases of apoplexy." To encourage : the removal of old buildings- the authorities of Vienna have decreed that if the owners oe 1263 specified houses will replace them with new structures they will bf guaranteed a release from the pay- ment of taxes for a period of 18 years. 