THE EMU BAY TIMES. Published Every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, "I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth ; and there- fore the truth I speak, impugn it when list" THURSDAY, JANUARY 6, 1898, THE NEW YEAR. "There's a new face at the door." Poor old 1897. He was a peculiar year. To some he was longer, to some shorter, than any year ever known since Gregory did a bit of wholesale plunging. The change took place noiselessly and with the same clock-like regularity of old. Right away ahead, along the seemingly interminable wavy avenue laid down by the Surveyor-in-Chief as the track of this old earth's journey, the years stand waiting ; and as this rugged old ball rushes through space, adding its note to the music of the spheres, there is no cessation of speed at these wayside spots, no delay for refreshment. On and on ever. One tick of the clock and 1897 glides off, another tick and 1898 has taken its place. No hesitation, no bother. Ere we know it we have finished and commenced another sweep round the sun, and our primary in a journey of millions of miles has turned yet another cog round the fly- wheel of its orbit. The new year dawns upon clang, clatter, and apprehension in the old world. The war cloud in the East, and the Industrial Struggle at Home, will tax the abilities of statesmen and the patience of the people, whilst we, in Southern seas, welcome the new year as it dawns upon a prosperous people far removed from old world complications, and welcome it in the hope that ere it closes the bolts of Australasian nationality may have been forged and riveted. Tasmania can greet 1898 with a smiling welcome. The fields in the North give promise of a fair harvest, the mines have more than realised expectations, and in the cities manufactures are spreading, affording employment for the people and a home market for our own raw material. The Treasurer's balance sheet is the index to our position, and that which is before us now is eminently satisfactory. The revenue for the past year will be something liko £45,000 in excess of that for 1896, and our floating deficiency will be reduced to £840,000. This result has been achieved by an upward tendency in all sources of revenue. Thus, railway receipts show an excess of £900, and excise on beer, companies, and miscellaneous, all give an advance on the returns of 1896. There is every likelihood of the Treasurer's estimate for 1898 being largely increased and that the total receipts will be £900,000, showing a surplus of £90,000, or deducting Iincreased cost of government, £65,000. The object of the Treasurer is to devote the whole of his surplus reveuue to the liquidation of the floating deficit, which at the close of this year would stand at something like £2e0,000. It is questionable whether this policy is a wise one, or just to the settlers who demand greater facilities for taking their produce to the ports of shipment. The deficit was built up during a period of eight or nine years, and its reduction, in a shorter period of time must undoubtedly cripple trade and take the effervescence out of returning prosperity. The issue of inscribed stock for the deficiency, spread over a period of twenty years, would enable the Treasurer to establish a sinking fund and pay the annual interest at a rate which would not be burdensome, and permit of relief being given to the overburdened taxpayer. But whether Sir Philip Fysh adopts some sutch scheme or not, he cannot, versatile as he is, find further excuse for continuing to tax incomes derived from personal exertion. The gross revenue derivable from this obnoxious tax is £8,000, from which must be deducted the cost of collection and also that of judicial proceedings connected with the ascertainment of incomes. The dividend tax, which will increase by leaps and bounds as the Western mines are opened out, will more than recoup the Treasurer for the loss of this £8,000 and for retaining the effigy of an emergency tax after the emergency has passed away. Whilst, then, we congratulate the Treasurer upon the accuracy of his calculations and soundness of his administration, we must remind him that finance is not the Alpha and Omega of successful administration. It is important and essential to good government, but there may be such a thing as raking in revenue at the risk of exhausting its source, The country will expect from Sir Edward Braddon and his colleagues a forward policy which, while avoiding extravagance, will enable Tasmania to bold her own in keen competition with the other colonies. In the past the legislative idea of a forward policy has been the construction of non-paying lines of railway and needless roads and jetties in Southern Tasmania — lines of railway lo districts which have never produced anything but logs for their members to roll, and jetties which, though convenient enough for yachting parties in their immediate neighborhood, have nover been required for the purposes of trade. These things belong to the past, and we are quite prepared to let the dead past. bury its dead, but there is no reason that we should shudder at their ghosts and permit them to frighten us. Because unproductive works have been constructed in the past, are we to delay the construction of works which are essentially necessary and are certain to be re-productive from their initiation ? Common sense, undimmed by political or parochial prejudice, would assuredly answer No ; and consequently the political tussle cf 1898 will be fought out between common sense and prejudice, and in the end common sense must win. The claims of this particular portion of Tasmania have been very ably and persistently advocated by Mr. C. H. Hall, M.H.A., and we conjecture that only the hurly burly of the session, and the determination to block the road of Messrs. Henry and Co. to office, prevented those claims from receiving more ample recognition at the hands of Parliament' The Tasmanians are a self- reliant people — those on the North West Coast essentially so — and when the honor and credit of the Colony was in jeopardy they willingly submitted to increased taxation and largely minimised services. But the days of sacrifice are over, and a surplus of £90,000 is within sight, and consequently it is not too much to expect that instead of a continual whine about a floating deficit we shall have a fairly progressive policy, which will enable the farmer to avail himself of the large home market which the miner has provided. Figures are an index to the year's operations, but they are only an index ; the true photograph of the condition of any Colony is that which represents a prosperous, contented, and lightly burdened husbandry. In sorrow and mourning a very large number of our fellow colonists will pass tho early months of 'the glad new year,' Southern and Western Tasmania has been overtaken by a calamity unprecedented in the history of the Colony, Smiling orchards, and fruitful fields have been reduced to ashes, and homesteads have passed away as the fire wave enveloped them. The extent of the calamity is unknown, but what we do know is that hundreds of people are homeless and destitute, that women have been widowed and children orphaned, and that they need help, It is just such circumstances as those which are now experienced that obliterate sectional differences and provincial feeling and make us remember that we are one people, the children of one common land. The first duty of the new year is to help those who are in distress, and we feel sure that the people of this district will do their part, and that with Christmas thoughts and influences still lingering in their thoughts, they will experience a painful pleasure in hallowing the new year by the exercise of that charity which is twice blessed and of which the Master said 'Forasmuch as ye do it unto the least of them yo do it unto me.' In the shadow of a great national sorrow it behoves us all to do our part and we trust that the appeal we make to our own people on behalf of those in distress will meet with a generous response. A subscription list on behalf of the sufferers in the South and West has been opened at this office and we shall be glad to forward to the central authority any donations that we may receive. MINISTERIAL.— It is understood that when Parliament re-assembles authority will be asked for the appointment of an additional salaried Minister to take charge of the department of mines and railways. The proposal is one that should be readily assented to, for it is simply impossible for one man to efficiently control the departments of Mines, Works, Lands and Railways as Mr Pillinger is expected to do at present. Mining legislation in Tasmania is patchy and unsatisfactory and mining administration has been eccentric, whilst the railways require closer Ministerial supervision than has yet been exercised. Speculation is rife as to who the new Minister will be, but first of all the authority for his appointment has to be at- tained. THE PREMIER.— We regret to learn that Sir Edward Braddon is not recovering his health as rapidly as his friends desire and it is somewhat doubtful whether he will attend the Federal Convention. The right hon. gentleman's first duty is to Tasmania, and as there are nine other delegates to represent the colony at the Melbourne session, we venture to express the hope that he will remain at home and strengthen himself for what promises to be a lery stormy session in April next. Emu Bay Railway Co.— With the commencement of the new year several changes have been made in the staff of the Emu Bay Railway Co. Mr R. S. Sanderson, who has been acting as resident secretary since the formation of the company, has relinquished thay position and resumed his duties with the V.D.L. Company. Mr Ash, who has held the office of paymaster, has been pro- moted to the secretaryship and is succeeded by Mr A. C. Keat, who has been for some years chief clerk for the V.D.L. Co. Mr Kent, who left on Tuesday for the camp at the Hellyer, will be very much missed at Burnie, particularly in football and cricket- ing circles, in which he held a prominent portion. In another column it is notified that the call of 5/ per share on the con- tributing shares of the company is payable in Melbourne today. WARATAH NOTES.— Our correspondent writes :— New Year's Day saw our township quite deserted, the majority of the inhabitants leaving by the morning train for Burnie, but unfortunately a large number were compelled to return home by the evening train being unable to secure accommodation.— The police have a clean sheet to report for the holidays.— During last week large bush fires surrounded the township, especially on the eastern side, where many of the cottages were in great danger, and had it not been for assistance rendered to the inhabitants of this portion a serious fire would have occurred. The fences enclosing the local cemetery were burned down, but Messrs Hanson and Snow prevented the flames from doing any damage to the graves.— A complimentary farewell social was tendered Mr V West on Monday evening in the Athenaeum Hall. Some 50 friends assembled, and a most enjoyable evening was spent. During his residence in our midst Mr West associated himself with various local works and gatherings, and his many friends wish him every success in his new sphere, which, I believe, will be on the larger and broader fields of the West Coast.— Mr T. Jones, the newly appointed manager of the Magnet Silver Mine, arrived here on Monday and formally took possession of the mine. The development of this property will be awaited with considerable interest as the late tributors sent out some very rich ores. Mr Jones intends to thoroughly open up the mine and construct a good road to it. Under such capable management this property should prove one of the best on the West Coast. TABLE CAPE MARINE BOARD.— Owing to the resignation of Mr A. K. Chapman from the board the Master Wardenship became vacant, and on Friday last Mr C. J. Mackenzie, M.H.A., was elected to succeed him. The selection was an unfortunte one, for not only is Mr Mackinzie absent in Hobart for some months of the year, but he resides some 9 miles from Burnie. This will obviously be fraught with a considerable amount of inconvenience. The present act is an unworkable one. It has reduced the number ot wardens from seven to five, with result that at the recent election one of the Burnie representatives could not be elected. The sooner the Act is amended and the Board made elective the better. A TRY ON.— At the Burnie Police Court yesterday, before Messrs A. K. Chapman, S.M., and James Seagrave and C. J. Harris, J.'sP., George Roberts proceeded against R. P. Foat to recover £7/15/ alleged to be due for 31 days work, The plaintiff conducted his own case, and Mr F, Knowles Miller ap peared for the defendant, The plaintiff's case was that he had done a considerable amount of work, including fencing and gardening, and that defendant had agreed to pay him 5/ a day. Under cross-examination he admitted defendants wife had been most kind to him, and had given him money on several occasions. He called a lad named Forward, whose evidence was immaterial. For the defence Mr Fost stated that when Roberts came to him, ill and penniless, he got him to do small jobs about the house, fed him, and gave him clothes and money, also pay- ing his store and chemists' bills and guarant ing a doctor for him, Roberts got worse and went to the hospital, and when he returned used to do odd jobs for defendant as usual, He subsequently went to sleep at a place away from Mr Fost's house, and the latter, when going to Melbourne, asked Roberts to have a look to his house and feed the animals while he was away, telling him that he could have his meals as usual and that the servant girl had money to give him from time to time, but that he was not to allow this to interfere with any other work he could get. He never made any agreement with plaintiff as to wages, Kate Pennter, in the employ of Mr Fost, stated that Roberts did little or no work, but had his meals as usual whilst Mr Fost was away. The Bench evidently regarded the case as a 'try on' and dismissed it. PENGUIN.— Our correspondent writes:— The holidays closed on New Year's Day with fine sunny weather. The usual picnic near the breakwater was thoroughly enjoyed and we are now all settling down to our ordinary pursuits and anxiously waiting for the rain we want so badly. 