THE . CRIMEAN SHIRT, IcpMPZtim lit THIS IS8U& ,E. W. HORNUWG, Author . 'of , ." Ai 'Bride ; from tho Bush, Tho Rogue's Maroh, V ''My Lord / 1 , l)nko,,» &c.i; iu'. !. V . LoOPYRiailT.j ! y-s-TIS NOW 1 r a fc h o r. J inoro.thun twolvo j ycursrinco J tho disnp- peuraiiuo and tho finding of H o n r y >, Powell, on Mooroo- 1 o o l oo (dutionj in N e w S. o u t h i Wal(28,and . ratlier less smco tho .subsequent caso in which I myaolf was perhaps tho principal witness. And I think that the timo has arrived for confessing that tho uyidouce which I gave 011 that occasion, though indeed <4 nothing but tho truth, M wus nevertheless not u tho whole ti'ufch-V.ut all. , i I did not und I do hot believe there was a 'sjnglp being iu that cclonial.couvt who would have oredited tho wholo truth' had I told it tbun and thero upon my.oath. Nor wus it csaontiul to tho case. Nor did ! care to return to the station; now chum us I still was, with yot .another h&ndlo; for nativo hohibuilooncry. Bdt' I am 110 longer tho storekeeper at Mooroolooloo ; und I beliove'tho public mind to be broad or thiLti i h wn .« m t.hn ninff.Ai«nf8n.r>)i1lor) ghosts. At all events I am going to tell you for tho first time wliat my own oyes saw, 011 a day and night in Juuutuy, iu the year 1884. I had been some six weeks iu tlio Riveriuu, and I was alone ut our homo station for tho night. Tho owner .was paying us a visit. He and the manager .were camping at an out- station nineteen miles uwuy. Tho ovorscer was absent on liis holiday. I had the home s' toad entirely to mysolf, for thoro wns neitlior woman nor child upon the place. Suddenly, between nine uud ten o'clock, as Isutsmckiug on tho back veranda, a spur jingled, and I made out the crinkled moleskins and the felt wideawake of one of the men. "Powell tho' rabbiter is lo3t iu tho hush, mister," said he. I sxiriing to liiv foot, for tlio iiows was like that of a man overboard ut sea. " How long lias ho been out?" Since yesterday morning." " But 1 thought ho camped with old Wylio ut tho ilve-milo wh'im?" ' " So ho does." \- "Then why didn't AVylie como iu sooner ?" "Ah," there you hit - it," said my man. That's what we've fall beon asking him, but Wylio says his mate wiis given to stopping odd' nights at other chaps' cainps, and lie never thought anything of.it till ho didn't turn up this evening. . Evoii if ho hud he coiUdn'cliave loft the whim, Wylio couldn't, with no other water any whero near, uud the sheep drawing to tlie ..trough from four puddioks. But he's come iu now, uud he's up at tlio hut if yon like to soo him." And at tlio men's liut I found tho whim- ilriver, tho contra still of tin attentive group, but 110 longer, I thought, tho target of questions and cross-questions implying criti cism and blame. On the contrary, tliero -was now every token of .sympathy with tlio anxiety and distress of . mind from which Wylio was obviously. suffering, and at the sight of which I also could spurs him some of tho pity whioh I felt for tho missing rabbito'r. ' . ...The whim-drivor waa 1111 elderly man, with brown wrinkles all over liis face, and gray whiskers parting ut a baggy throat ; but ho was still poworftilly built, and u typical bush- man' with his eaglo eye and his strong bare anus. I-Iis eye, however, wub hot with horror .and remorse as it met mine, and tlio wliolb man twitched us ho told mo his tale. "If - only I had guessed . uuythiug was wrong; Mr. Forrester," lio cried, " I would havo loft the sheep iii a minute, though my billot dopcuded upon it. But he's so often stopped away ono night that it uevor bothered inc till the day wore on and I111 didn't come back. God forgive me, I nevor oven thought of telling tlio bosses when thoy passed tiiis morning 011 their way to the uut-station: Yet'I might hit' known— - 1 might hu'knowu. Ho was a sailor, poor Powell was, und sailors are ulways Ibo worst hnshmcu.- I've known him get. bushed before, but only for an hour or two. And to think of him being out all this tiino— in this heat, with not a drop of water in tho crub holes. Ho may — 110 may bo dead .already — my poor mats, my poor muto!" ' With that he turned his baok upon us, in tho most evident agitation, so tlmt we thought it kindest not to refer to bim in the brief couuci1,of wur which the men nnd I now held together. It wus promptly decided that all hands should form a search party to start at daybrcuk, with the exception of Wylio nnd myself. Wylio must return to his troughs. :My knowledgo of the country was as yot vorv limited, und therefore, I was the 'one who could best ha spared to rido at once to tlio out-station, and inform tho "bosses" of what lmd occurred. The night horso was tho only animal in tlio yard, hut I took it to savo time, und shortly after ten o'olook rode ofE with Wylio, onr way coinoiding as far us the whim. There was no moon, and, tho night was anything hut olear for that laud of bright stars and oloudless skies. . A hot north wind of sovoral days' duration had flown suddenly into tho south, whonco it was now blowing hard und chill, so that I buttoned my coat up as wo cantered side by side, and took off my eye glasses lest tho rushing wind should lift them from my nose. Wo spoke vory littlo us wo and uiubled for a little, my companion reproached himself for not having given un earlier alarm. It was impossible hot' to feel sorry for him, but equally impossible to acquit him of blume, so I said vory little iu reply. Whon wo came to the hut a dull red glow burnt steadily within, und Wylio signed bitterly as liq explained that he had built up tho tiro before leaving, that his poor mate might find all comfortable if some happy chunco should bring him bnok. He added that ho supposed I wpuld push straight. 011 without dismount ing ; but I was cold and the glow looked grateful, lind I liud slipped from tlie saddle boforo tho words wore out of his mouth. Noxt moment I uttorod a loud'ery. ' .. 1'h'o door of the hut wns at ono end, to tlio loft of the dying firo, and at tho opposite and wore two low, rude bunks, ono in each corner. On tho foot of tho right hand hunk, sat a figuro.I oould havo < sworn - to oven without my glasses. It was tlio missing rabbitor, in a red-ohcokod shirt whioli I had often seo him wear, and his fucb was buried in his hands. .. " Wylie," cried I, whooliug roiindpntho threshold, "ho hus aomo baok, and hero.he is —sitting on. his bunk 1". . 1 J It was too dark for. ine to seo Wylie's face, but ho tumbled rather titan dismounted from biB horso, and' I . felt him trembling as he brushed passed me into the hut. I followed him, but during .tho einjglo instant my hack had been turned the rabbiter had moved. He was riot 011 the brink. ' ' Wylie kickod tho logs into u blnzo and thon turned upon me fiercely. For tho rabbitor was not in tho hut at all. : , ..." What d'ye meun," lie roared, "by play ing trioks on a ohup who's lost his. muto? Out of my hut, you young devil, out of my .hut 1" . Never havo. 1 1 seen man moro. completely ihosido, himself.; ho was shaking from hoad - to foot in a perfect palsy, aud his olenohod fists wore shukiug iu my fuco, I nssurcd him I lnid play od no; conscious -trick: it was my defective eyesight that must have played 0110 011 mo'. Now that I put on my glasses I oould seo thut tho hut wus empty but for our two solves,', that it must iiuvo beon absolutely oqipty till wo outerod. And yot I oould havo sworn that I had soon tho lout rabbiter nurs ing his face at the foot of tho right-hand buiik, " ' " vMylcompariioq cooled .down, however, on becoming conviricod of my good faith, and insteud of turning mo out, seemed' to set his lieart'.upou oxplaining my fanoied vision (before lio':. would . lot- .mo ' go. Pictures from the - tilo8(ra(|d papers hud been tacked up oyer the rabhitor'a huiik, Ono' waa tho; old coloured print of Red Riding Hood; with, tho four trees liko an elephant's legs ; and Wylio would havo it that tho , firelight glowing on tlib child's hood liud innob tho Bplotch of red, which my nervos hud exaggerated, into , a Orliheun shirt. To mo this explanation seemed moroHdieu- lou's than tho thing it sought to explain, but I lmd to admit thut I corild soo but poorly withont my glasses, arid ihdced iT was vory ready to confpss.to sorao indxplicablo delusion 011' my part. So at tliut wo left it,';'und l was. 1 glud onough to turn qiy haok oii.tho fivo- milo but, and to push 011 ,to tho out-atution , at a liandrgallop. . : i Mr. Armit; tho ownor, and Mr. Mackesou, his manager, were still sittiiig.up, disoussing ways and - means 1 of ...poping with tho ' long-icoiitinuod drought,' and tlio. ownbr. was good 'enough to pruiso my promptitude in ooining to them at once. It was now mid night, und aftor a littlo consideration: it was deoided that we Bhqnld nll'lio down for a' hit preparatory to sturting buok a oouplo of hours beforri daybreak, in order to fuko pai-t . in " tho search. For my part, I. inado myself very oomfortnblo beforo tho firo, Jri'ithVmy- saddle for u pillow, and. felHasleop in a moment. Aud in another, us it seemed- to me; there was Muokcspn laying hold of niv shoulder arid shouting in my ear that, wo wqre.an hour, lata; in starting as it was.' ' Our owner, liowover, liad'loiig heen accus tomed to the hardships oftlio busli, und when tho tunc came ho could not laoo tlio keen ongo of the day without his pannikin of tea and his bite of " browny, " So tho sun wiis on us hefoi'OfWo were half way hack— not the red ball of nineteen out of tweiity_ Riveriuu duwiiings, but a eoppory disc like a. new, ponuy. Clouds of. sand wore whirling in _ the; wind,- whioh hud risen greatly' iu the night' and was rising Btill ; puffs of Hand kept break ing frerii tho plain to join tho clouds, and. we' coughed, all throe of us,, as ,wq' cantered ricok and iieok. " Do you think you' oould drive a whim, Forrester ?" said Mr. Armit, drawing rein us wc sighted the five-mile, aud suddenly turning to mo. " I boliovo I could, sir. I have Beon ono working, and it looks siraplo enough." " It's as easy as it looks if you koop your tank nico and full; and food your troughs regularly. Wylio will eliow you all that's necessary in iivo minutes. Tho fact is, I think of leaving you iu chargo of this- whim lioro, since vou cun hurdly know tlio puddocks well onough to bo of much uso in the soarch, whoreus- Wylio knqws.overy inch ;of tho run, What do you say, Mr. Mackeaon?-- It is for you to decide." ','Iagree with you, sir. But whore's tho whim got to?" ' "Bless my soul!" gusped tlio othor. "I was afraid wc were in for n dust storm, but. I didn't think it would 001110 so quick." Indeed, wo were iu tlio thick of tlio storm already. It was but a moment sinco hut aud whim had disappeared iu a whirl of deep -yellow sand, and now wo could sue nothing nt all boyond onr horse's oars. Luckily we wero not many hundred yards from tho liut. " Givo them their heads !" shrieked Muokeson, and, following 'his, advice, wc gained the lmt before tlio .sea of dust hud ehokod -us utterly. It literally tiuklcd on the corrugated roof, aud wo led in tlie horses after us, ho terrible was the storm. The whim-driver lighted uslush lamp and put tho billy on tlie firo to givo us some tea. Every thing in tlie hut woro a glistening yellow coat. Tliero were layers of mind 011 our vory eyelids, and wlint tlio owner squeezed from liis beard ulono mado a little sandhill ou the floor. "Poor Powell!" lie suddenly exolaimed " This is the linrdest luck of nil iipoirhim. It will blot- out bis tracks.' It will iloublo tlie agonies of thirst I10 must, already have endured. I nin vory muoli afraid that it will destroy our last cliuuco of finding him alive;" And Mr. Armit looked reproachfully at the whim-drivor, who was making tho tea with his back turned to us, crouching over the fire iu 1111 attitude so humble and disconsolate that it would havo been inhuman as woll us useless -to find open fault with him now. For a few seconds there wus silenco in tho hut, silonco broken only by. tho continual tinkle on tho roof, wliioh, however, wns louder then it had been. Then of a sudden tlio inau ut whom wo woro all looking wheeled round, sprang up," and pointed dramatically to tho rattling roof. "You arc wrong— wrong— wrong !" dried he, hoarsely. " Listen to thut 1 That's not sand — that's rain. . AU tlio worst dust storms end so; it'll rniu tlio best part of an inch before it stops. Instead of doiug for him this'U— siivo— his — lifo 1" Ho lookod from one to the other of us — half in triumph, half ill terror still, I thought — ,tlieu down ou bis knees aud baok to tho boiling billy und the sugar and tho tea. I saw him throw a handful of each among the bubbles— saw his lingers twitching as they spread — and I know thon that the whim- driver's confidence was only lip-deep). But a part of liis prophecy uume true enough. It rained until tho urul) holes were full of water, until there was drink -enough abroad upon tho plains to givo the whim u good week's huliduy. Long before it stopped, however, I bud tho five-mile hut to myself, with that dismal rattle ou the roof, and a dull firo of dump logs spitting distressfully beucuth tho grout square chimney. Tho troughs were not needed, ana that was well, they were buried uud hidden beneath a ridgo of drifted sand, and I was to oloar them with the long-handled shovel, instead of driving tho whim. I cun still see those threo horsemen bobbing into infinity behind tho lances of tho rain, and I soo myself, - a lonesome, a spindle- shanked figure, in loggings and brooches aud the grav felt wideawake whioli still hangs on my wall ; and I do not look very happy as I stand at tho door of that hut, beneath tho dripping corrugated eaves. But I do look a littlo elated und proud. I am going to spend days arid nights in a hut five miles from any mortal soul, and I am young enough to appreciate playing . Robinson Crusoe in earnest. It will be a good experience to put in tho iioxt letter home. A good experienoo. The rain ceased before noon, when I had somo lunoh (for thoro was plenty to oat in Wylie's ration bags) and then turned out with the long-handled shovel. My spirits rose in the open air. My own actions woro less noisy and nerve-dis(urhiiig than I liud .found them in tho lonely hut, and I could look- all around mo as I worked, without constantly foreseeing tho hut door darkened by somo apparition' that might he welcome enough, but whioh must oortainly startlo mo when it oamo. Tho events which I have v already ohroniolod lay heavy' on my nerves. I was only nineteen. years of age, und I ivus oursod with an imagination. . . ' Nothing, therefore, oould have' been hotter for me than the play I mado during the next few hours with the long-handled " shovel. Now.and then I knooked off to rest my book und smoke u pipo ; but orice started, I stiiok to ray work pretty closely up "to five o'olook by tho old Wnltham watoh in tho leather 'poueli on my holt. And it punished evory musclo in my body ; the shoulders folt it as I plunged the shovel into tho heavy wot sand, thourms and shoulders us I -swung it out louded, whilo tho strain upon haok and logs was continuous. My task was tho harder owing to the shovel having boon bent uud blunted .by somo riiisuse ; yot, so far from loathing it, I was navel- proudor of anything than of tho' five and twenty yards of submerged, trough wbiuh I uncovered and oloared that Jpnuary afternoon. To tiro tho body is . tho surest way of cleun6iug and purifying tho mind, nnd I can honostly say that I returned to tho hut without any morbid f anoy in my hood, indeed with 110 anxiety about anything but the firo, whioh-, I hud. foolishly forgotten. Judge then of tho sonsations with which I stood still on tho threshold. Tho hut had no windows, hut tho afternoon hud turned out vory flno, tho sun shono morally through a hundred orovioos, and thoro, 011 _ tho foot of tho samo hunkr sat tho lost rabbiter, pre- oisoly as I had scon him sitting tho night 1 before. How long I stood, how long ho remained I, do riot know. I remember a hollow voice' oalling his name. I remember, the pattering of my own tottering feot, my norvoless fiugers clutching tho empty air, ray tremb- ling body flung headlong on the othor bunk, and tho sobs that shook it us it lay: For then I know that Honry Powell wus already, dead, and for tlio second time I had seen his ghost. , ; Not a particle of doubt remained in my mind. I could not bo mistukon twioe— I was perfectly cortuiu that l had nevor been mis taken ut all, This time, however, there was jiio dull red glow .to play conceivable trioks in the dmknswj lor the firo, washout,; and it, was . almost as light in the hut; as it' was 'outside. Yot thoro I bud soeri liim, in tlio sqlf-samo pttitudo, on the'- self-saino spot, his hqpds covering his fado, his board showing between his wrists, his elbows planted on liis thighs. I could havo counted tho olieqks on his Crimean shirt, and this timo tlio glasses were still upon my nose. Yes, I wus absolutely pertain of .what I liad' seon, and that very corfainly was now my consolation. The worst is worst of nil' before it happens ; and tho knowledgo that; I; had seen a ghost was mrioh more supportable than tho doubt as to whetiior I, had soon ono or not. _ -Tho ghost would riot, harm 'irio after all ; instead "of ' sympathing. with", myself I should griove for .too- poor follow who vi-as already boyond too reach of succour.; -- Hud they found :liim' yot.?.; -Had thoy found tho body ? Arid; if so, would llio whitn- drivoi- rctutai to his post at ,01100 rind sot mo freo ? My hoart heat fust with tho hope, in dofianco of iny head. I might reason, with myself that ,ii' poor ghost wa8. no fit com; paniori, but lioiy. I longed--' tp. got !-awuy ? Even toon, however, iny.'courtigo.fuiled'mein another place.' Vlio would belicvo niv vurn ? So I Btaved .whoro" I . was —and have" liofd , iny tonguo tilt nbw.':/-' : ' Sundown reused me, for I must" have my tea, ghost or 116 gliost, and . to makb.:.tca I iriust relight. too tiro, Hero'an, obstacle con fronted aud ultimately vaniquished me. There was a! wood heap outside, but, of course, too wood was diunp, and though:'! looked for the axe, tp chop to tlio dry. heart of tlio wet logs, I had not found it when night ffell hastily, forcing mu to abandon tlio soaroh., . So I wciit without my teu, but ate; with what .appotito Iliad, and (washed down tho mutton and clamper witli pannikins oE water from toe uino-liuiidred-gitllon tuuk outside; . I had lighted tho." slush-lump" (moleskin wick in tin of mutton fut), and I sat wutohr irig too foot of too dead man's bunk W l ate, but 110 further vision. interrupted my! moid. And afterwards, when I wus smoking my pipo in tho open air, I would look iii every few minutes, and past where' tho light was burning, for I had 1111 odd idea that I riiust soo too apparitiou tlirico. Aud I wisli I had. Yot of what I saw twice I am as positive now as I was then. It was a magnificent night ; the rain had drawn tho fdverfrom tho sun-baked plains, and left oven that clear air clearer than I liud known it yot. Every star was a diamond in t.lia dark-blue. vault, and, my little pipo ltiado too only clouds botweoii earth 'mid hcuvon. Often us I filled it, I had to- light it' still- oftenor at tho finmo which I had loft burning in the hut, for I was rapt iu thought. - ; You . 'aro nowhere nearer to God than whon alone iu tho hush beneath tlio undimmcd tropin stars. I cannot say what brought it homo to me, or by what chain of thought I chanced 011 tho conclusion, biit all at once I : stood (still and know that tho hand of . God was in tho apparition which I had seen. It meant something. : ., - . . . What did it mean? There must be somo leasun why I ulono aud not AVylie for, example, lmd beon made to seo the iost man sitting 011 his hunk. Then what oould tlmt renson be ? . ; I thought, and- thought, and thought, sauntering round and round tlic hut tha while. At hist I antorcd, hut not to light my pipe. -1 do not know wliut I meant to do ; only know what I did. I walked to the foot of Powell's bunk, and sat down where I had seen Powell sitting, with it vague feeling, I believe, that in that spot and in his own attitude my spirit might receive some subtle communication from tlmt of tlie rabbitor. AVliut I did receive was a. tumble ; for too foot of the bunk gavo way beneath 1110, and I found myself deposited oil tlio grouud instead. Yet lie, whom I bad soon sitting there, had boon in lifo a much heavier man than myself 1 - ' These blinks, or bush bedsteads rather, are constructed, upon uriiversal arid very simple lines. Four uprights pro driven into toe earth floor of too hut or tent, and thou con nected by horizontal poles with sack- cloth sluiig across, Tlio result combines the merits of botii bed and hammock ; but Hie uprights must bo firmly rooted in tho ground, mid I soon saw the explanation of tlio present downfall ; tho ground was all loosp at tlio foot oftlio lost muii's bed, and tlio outer upright had gono down like a nincpin bonoatli my weight. For tho moment. I v,':is merely puzzled. The ground had worn so hard olscwliora in tlio liutrtluit I could not imagino wliy it-sbon'd. bogin to cvumbio in this pavtioular-corner. I reached tho slush lamp and peered under too middlo of tho bed. There it- wiis the same — as soft as a sandhill — hut recently flattened- with a shovel. I saw the ccucavc irinrks. And suddenly I leant back, and got up quietly, but with tlio perspiration running cold from every pore, for now T know why too visible form of Honry Powell had appeared to 1110 twice upon the foot of iiis bed. _ It was to toll mo that .his murdered remains lay buried .beneath. Now'I know wiiy AVylie iiad pretended io bo bebiudbuud in bringing in his nows ; it was that wc might think his muto really lost, and bo ourselves so full of. blutne for an error of judgment that there should bo 110 loom iu our minds for deadlier suspicions. ' Now 1 understood his rage and horror when I cried out that there" was Powoll como back — his suhscqiiout unxioty to expliiiu away my vision. And too missing axo— wliat.had it done that ho should hido it? And tho long- handled nhovol — I know what had blunlud uud bent it now ! I remember mechanically locking at my watch, and yot not sooing the time. I remember looking again, and" it wns not quito half-past nino. Tho timo goes so slowly when 0110 is alone, nnd midnight begins so soon ; hut. I; mis thankful it was - earlier than I had thought. Now I could mnko sure — it would' alt be less ghiistly. than in too veritable doad of night— and thon to too Rtation with my nows beforo anybody was in bed. ; The misoroant Wylio 1 How well ho .had . noted his diabolical part — in thero ut too moti's hut— out hero boforo tlio oivnor and- too manager? Indignation at his bloody villainy ' became my first emotion,;, and it nerved niq mightily. I toro away too poles and ' the ! snaking, arid tho soft .oarth rosq in a moniid — it had all beeri.put back 1 : 1 nin, fori thoiong- handled shorol,; arid, urgcd.onby my : boiliug blood, I began' to dig; : God knori-s liow l went on ! ': A boot stuck out firat, imd.wh'on I feitit tliero was a foot inside. It wad seureo eighteen inches holow tho ground. Next I uncovered tho Crimean shirt. That was enough for 1110. As I bent over it with the light, and blow away tho sand, I saw hero and. there the red checks (no plainer, than in my vision, however,, but tho mbst of tliem wero blotted out by a dark,, stiff stain! -X delvrid'.'no ' deeper; this'.was indeed enough. I turned away, deadly sick, without rising froftrriiy knees— and' there was AVylio himself watoliing mo from tho door! . I sot tho light down'oii too tablo-ithat,:nt any rate, was between us-Hind I looked up at liiin from my knees. He was glaring down on mo with .tho most ' ferocious expression, every wrinkle writhing, -arid that loose; pouch at his- throat:- swolliiig jf with vouom for spitting in my face, but so far as I could soo, lie Svus unarmed ; liis bony right hand rested on .what. I took to bo the handle of a stick, 'und "luckily tlio long-handled' shovel lay within reach of mine. I was tlie first to speak. " I have found liim," said I. More fool you." , qAVhy so? I am not frightened of you." . "Not frightened to die?" : " Not particularly, ; - you'll follow me soon enough. Quo murder you could only conceal ono day, and how long aro you going to con ceal two? Besides, you'vo got to kill me first!" . ' ' And I wus on my logs with the long shovel in both hands. ""That's soon done," ho answered with a Iaugii, und thon I saw my mistake. .'What 1 had taken for a mere stick was tho missing 11x0 ; he must havo hidden it somewhere out side, and, after first catching mo at work, stolon uwuy und como back with-it on tiptoe. Now he took, two. strides into the but, aud, as tlie axo camo up over his shoulder and- hung there, I saw bloodstains on tho blade.' Tlie sight of tliem dolsyed mo at tho critical instant ; yot I lunged as lio struck, then started back, aud tho axo-lioad split through the table us though . it had. been a cigar- box. Willi a'ourse lie wrenched it free, but I was 011 him first, and round and round wc went, . and over nud over, until I liad the wretch at iny mercy iu tlio very grave which his own hands hail dug. , At my me.i-oy heeauso lie lay as. 0110 paralysed when lio found liis body stretched out, on tlmt' of his victim ; but how long that would liavo lasted I do not cure to conjecture. Ho was stronger than I, though less active, and I think tha fc his strength must soon havo como buck tenfold. It hud lint douo so when J caught tlio beat of tlio sweotCBt music I have over heard— tho music of oiglit canter ing hoofs drawing neurer aud nearer to tho lmt. .- ' The slush -lamp had fallen nud gone out wlion tlio axo fell, bnt my oyes wero searching for. tout villain's oyes in tho darkness, liud I would have givon Home- thing to soo them as the music fell ou his ears too — as tho horscmon's spurs jingled on too ground outside and then in tho hut. Vis AVylio here, .Forrester?" cried too manager's voico. "lie is." .. "Wo suspect liim of having murdered Powell himself 1" , " He lins doun so. Strike a-light and you shall seo them both." . But at tho trial I said nothing of my two visions, for, as 1 have stated, I lmd not thon tlio moral eourngo, and the case was complcto without that. My story begun when the bed collapsed beneath mo— that wns nil— so terri fied was I of making myself a dieoreditcd .laughing-stock. Now I do not euro, nor do I think there will ho so-mimy disbelievers. At all ovont.-j I liuvo ' relieved my. mind -by .telling tlio whole 'truth at last — so'illelp mo . God. : /_ v . This I think irrelevant, but thoso who are interested, and who do not know it, may bo glud to learn that AVylio -the whim-driver lived to die us lio deserved. 