THE DOCTOR'S THEORY. "Good luck" or Brains? >r ' '(BY C. S. F.y - :: It was the night after Clifford had come ; lntova:. fortune in. a most unexpected manner that.Hve were seated round the clubroom fire. :,We.;had been talking of Cliiford— "lucky young dog" we called him, and envied him in ' our ; hearts— and then the conversation ! drifted; to' the subject, of - luck. "I was born under an unlucky star." said ' Des' Voeux, "for nothing in the way of luck ' ever came my way, and I don't expect it ever ; will; for all my relations who interpose be- ' tween.me and money are exceptionally heal- | thyjand likely to see me out," and ho broke off jyith'a short, dissatisfied laugh. "Don't know that money would do you .much good anyhow," growled Momson, who ; always-acted the part of a moral corrective upon us younger ones, "but it would be a ; good thing for the 'bookies,' for they would . get- it before long." .. "Guess you've about hilt It," admitted Des A'oeux;- "I never did back, a horse but he ' fell' or .his jockey pulled him, except when that, splay-footed brute Regent won the Cup, but even in "that case my beastly luck crop- 1 P.ed" up again. He was a rank outsider, but I: only had a fiver on him, Just as a save. 1 .'ihearit to have put a 'monkey" on .him, but a :kind friend .assured me he had'-, got the .straight tip far Sensation, and that Regent . had' not a ghost of a show. Like' a fool I followed his advice, anil just came, out a .'.shaded better, than square instead of a couple of thousand tin pocket. As far as I am con cerned luck does not exist." A pause ensued, broken at length by Doc tor Fairfax, a rather elderly man, who on nc- . count of his heavy professional duties sel- ; dom ' favoured our circle, but who was al ways welcome because of his wide experience, .' fund of anecdote and genial personality. "Do you know," lie commenced, speaking < rather slowly, as if weighing his words. "that I am inclined to think -that what Is ' often accounted to be pure luck or good \- fortune is in many cases simply the ability, or requisite knowledge, to take advantage of certain circumstances or opportunities which ' crop up pow and then in the life of every man.' The majority of men pass by one or more golden chances during tneir lifetime in utter ignorance, and when a more observant ; fellow-being is seized of the opportunity end ' takes full advantage oC It they curse what . they term their . 'bad luck,' and envy the good luck,' of the other follow. Dont think, ' he continued, "that I want to argue that good ' fortune, never comes to anyone without some exertion or action on the part of the person : benefited, for I ant fully aware .that there ' are' many such cases, but I think I can teU .vcu a yarn .which will demonstrate that good inch" and knowledge go hand in hand some- "Go ahead," interjected Des Voeux, your . yarn may serve as a tip to me how t" "J5 ,® my fortune, for I want one pretty badly, and he lit another cigar and settled himself 'down in the large comfortable Utah wnicn he had appropriated early in the evening, to ; listen to the story of how a m re fo r t u n jit e fellow had reaped a golden hat v est by _ the exercise of a little observation and know- le"You at least will find no such tip in my yarn." came the laughing reply. ' for you f oi get that I spoke of good luck going han.l in hand with knowledge, and the attei . is foreign to you. But never mind, with time you may improve. Let us get to the story. " 'Once upon a time,' as the fairy books say, I knew a man named Ford, a singular fellow, a pure Bohemian, who had by some means ,' Btrayed from his natural haunts of the old world to the antipodes, Where he was like a 'fish' out of water. I met him first profes- ' slbnally.and was attracted at once by his per sonality, and we soon became the best of friends. Art. with a very big capital letter, was his hobby, although he was not much of an artist himself; still he was a splendid judge of pictures, and could talk most inte restingly about them by the hour. He had evidently spent a great part of his life wan - ' tiering about the great art galleries of Eu- ' rope, and the 'old masters' seemed to have appealed to his artistic sensibilities more strongly than any of the painters of the new school. One day. now many years ago. Ford and I were walking down one or the streets of Sydney when my companion suddenly "stopped to look at a large picture which had . been placed on view in a second-hand dealer's ; shop. The painting was apparently an old one, and the subject was a battle scene be tween two vessels of ancient build, but even ! I could see that the workmanship was crude, end Ford's verdict, after a somewhat long in spection, of 'What a daub,' fully expressed 'my opinion of the painting. 'A week afterwards Ford, who had appear ed preoccupied, and at times excited, for some ' days, entirely disappeared. I could find no trace of him, for he had left his lodgings after only a day's notice, without giving any hint of his future movements. Knowing' his ec- , centric character, I felt no alarm, thinking, with some regret, that he had suddenly de-- '.termined to return to England without let ting' anyone know of his intentions. "Week after week went by without any sign from Ford, and our close friendship was fast becoming a fading memory, when, to my. astonishment, one morning Ford rushed' 'excitedly into my rooms and demanded that' '1 should accompany him in a cab which was waiting. To every Inquiry of mine he turned ' a deaf ear, telling me to have patience and I "would soon' know all. I went with him. At 'length the cab stopped outside a large house,: which appeared to be empty. Ford opened the door with his latch key,:and on entering. .I found, to my surprise, that the place was; destitute of furniture. Ford laughed at my look of wonder. " 'I only occupy one room,' he said, 'and that Is upstairs; so come along.'. "I'otiowing mm, i eniereua scantily tur- nished bedroom, tbe door of which had been locked. I was still In the dark as to the cause of Ford's extraordinary behaviur, when X sud denly noticed a large draped picture standing on an easel in' a recess off the large room. The, mystery was .explained. Ford, had a picture, to show, an effort of his own, perhaps. " 'Stand there,' said Ford, almost in o whis per,', so great was his excitement, pointing to a spot, a few feet in. frpnt of the picture, and then he himself crossed the room arid caught' the' draping which covered the pjeture in one hand.'. .".The next moment I gave a gasp of sur prise," for Ford, with a sweep of his hand, had) revealed a picture of such transcendent beauty, splendour, and truth of colouring as I had- never Been before, arid probably will never- see again. To describe it to you is an impossibility for even as I. stared at it in. Ford's room in open-mouthed silence, so do I always get tongue-tied when I attempt to describe that wonderful canvas. ""While X stared In amazement Ford was also gazing at the picture with mute adora- Itlon, " 'Ah, my friend,' he cried, turning to me ,at last, 'you are Jost in wonder .and so may, you well be, for .that picture is. one- of the finest in the whole world, and such another does not exist this side of the sphere." "' l ean readily believe you,' I replied, 'but jwhere. did you get it?" .'"'Where did I get it? Don't you remember the old picture we had a look at in the se cond-hand shop in Pitt-street p. few weeks agp.' : , '"Of course I do,' I said, .'but that was a battle scene between two "three-deckers," and was, ,to use your own expression, a daub. hvriile'thi'B picture is pne to make a man's name for over." ' "Ford laughed softly. . , " 'Yes,' he said, '1 agree with you, the pic ture we looked at was an Insult to the eyes, but ' still this Is the same canvas ' as that which, was exposed for sale at the extrava gant price of five pounds. When I first saw it I thought that I would not give five shil lings for. it myself. I noticed, however, an the daywe saw it that the canvas was.dlfr .ferent to that used by artists of to-day,- al- though it seemed familiar to me; It was not' until next day, however, that the mystery was solved. Like a flash the thought came to trie that the canvas was identical with that used by the old masters. Still the picture was such an outrage that I did not attach much ' Importance to my discovery, but I was interested enough to go and have another look at the picture. J convinced myself that I was correct In my surmise in regard to the canvas, and I was standing In front of It lamenting the fact that the painting was not even passable, when 'I noticed near one of the corners a spot of colour which seemed so much out of place that I. moved nearer in /order' to see what it Avak supposed to represent,' ;To my amaze ment I found ori'closer inspection that what had attracted. my. eye. was. a small piece of flesh colour, ' such " as only the old masters could produce.1 Vailing until . the owner of the shop had turned his back ! opened my penknife and scratched at the surrounding paint. The first 'layer of paint came away easily, revealing more of the "divine colour." Could It be, I asked myself; that the first picture was only a hoax "and that the ori ginal was underneath ? Although, as you know, a sovereign is or more value to me than to most people, I offered the old second hand dealer four pounds for the picture, much to his surprise. I only did it as a spe culation, but the old fellow jumped at it. Since then I have worked day after day in working oft the first layer of paint without Injuring the original work, which you now see, It required scrupulous care in cleaning, but the uttempt was perfectly successful.' " 'There is no doubt of that ,' I said, look ing at the picture, 'but who is it by?' " 'By Titian,' said Ford, almost in a whis per, as if lie feared to utter the secret aloud. " "It represents Danae being visited by Zeus in a shower of gold, as the ancient le gend has it,' . he continued. 'Titian was known to have painted the Imaginary meet ing, and the great picture was said to have been one of the famous artist's best efforts. In It his minor merits were thrown into the shade by the splendour. boldnesB and truth of colour.' This picture mysteriously dlsap- I'.eare'd from Venice towards the end of the sixteenth century, at a time when' a puritani cal spirit was rampant in the country, and such pictures and statues were looked upon us works of evil. It has always \been thought that the picture was destroyed at that time, 'but there: Is no doubt in my mind that it was preserved by being painted over, in the man ner I have described.' X expect that those who were in the secret died' without reveal- in u it, and the picture afterwards passed through many hands, and by some means filially drifted out to Australia.' "'What is its value?'' I asked. '"'That I cannot; say,' replied Ford, 'but I should say over- four thousand guineas. 1 in tend to take It .to Europe, and before I dis pose of it I will use it as a key to all the pri vate art galleries of rcnowri. Then it will go to the highest bidder, for I cannot afford to keep it, unfortunately.'" Dr. Fairfax ceased,, but in reply to queries as to what became of Ford and his picture resumed his. story: "What became of Ford? Well, I cannot say for certain.. .. lie went to Europe, and I used to hear front him now and -then from different parts," as he carried out his plan of visiting , the various- -Art Galleries of the world. The picture : wits proved to be ' a genuine Titian, and .there was no lack of offers for it. Ford eventually sold it for something over the four thousand guineas he expected, but. he ceased to write, and-.I ex pect he -has .since been enjoying himself In his bid Bohemian haunts." There was an- envious sileuce, broken at last by the doctor. "There are somewhat similar cases upon a smaller scale," he sulci, "within my recollec tion. in which a little knowledge has enabled its possessor to take advantage of a golden opportunity, or, as some term it, a stroke of luck. . But I think you will agree that I have proved my theory , that a matter of luck is often proved a matter of brains." "I believe you are right," sighed Dos Voeux, uisconsoiateiy. 