A SISTERS TREACHERY. T was the day of the midsummer picnic at Ells ville, It was a perfect day ; no one had been disappointed : the girls were pretty, the men gallant), and the hampers were known to contain the triumphs of the village house wives' culinary skill. Maude .Berrien and her young sister Irma were indisputably the most beautiful girls present, Maud 's affianced, Lei^h Raymond, thought, with reason. He was a happy man on this fair ' day, for Maude had consented to set an early dute for their marriage, and be was deeply in love, Maude's face was radiant, her dark eyes sparkling with, health and ; the joy of living, her gay spirits setting the keynote of the occasion, Pretty Irma was more quint. She wag scarcely, present on the touting of a young lady, for she was barely 16, and small and shy for -her age. Bat there was the promise of a superb 'womanhood before Iruia ; her hair was a burnished mass of gold threads ; her great lustrous eyes, full of unfathomable shadows, spoke of a deep, emotional nature ; hor cheeks were like faint pink rose leavesj'and the exquisite lips seemed to tremble with their own richness of colour. She, too was. especially happy, Torteigh h'ad'givah her a: spray from the bunch of flowers Maude wore at her breast. She lo'ved her sister dearly, but did not know why' she felt 5o blissfully content when Leigh .was near. ? She only knew that he would be the dearest brother in the world and that no other man could equal him. No bitterness was mingled with her sweet, unconscious dreains of liim, and the world glowed brightly before her. The long, happy day wherein the loves ' had danced and played among the village lade and lasses to the great fluttering of simple hearts, was drawing to a close. The carriages were ranged in line, groups were calling 10. each other, and baskets and bundles were put in their places. Heavy clouds loomed up in the West, and the breeze had changed to a chill, ominous wind. ' Has anyone seen Irma lately * ' in quired Maude, looking anxiously around. 'And Mr. Raymond— where is he?' asked someone. 'I think they have gone up the hill,' said Ella Waite. '? Mr. Raymond w«uted ir, show us the cave and natural gateway among the rocks. Irma urged me to go, . but it seemed too long and hard a climb, and I declined. They said they would be hack soon— long hefore it was time to go home.' ' How unfortunate,' said Maude. 'The clouds are rolling up fast, and now we mast wait for them. Please go up that way somebody, and call as loudly as you can.' Two young men immediately started far the hills, and their lusty voices were- soon beard in ringing shouts. No answer eaire, »nd impatiently the party waited, while the ?ty grew dark and the wind swept violently through the trees. At length some of the older men declared the women and; children must atnrt for home, and if .somebody would volunteer to look for the missing ones a ? - carriage could be left forTtheir; use: 'The two young men before- mentioned volun teered to make the search, and the train of ^carriages started homeward. £t,.a, rapid pace. _ OverLthe Berrien homesfeaoj aclpudof anxiety brooded. The storm 'burst furiously before the picnickers were fairly Sheltered, and a dark, rainy night, settled down. Maude wandered from room to room, her eyes heavy, the muscles of her face working nervously. Mrs.. Berrien sat near the wood fire built for her benefit, \ weeping softly, while the father paced from window to window, stopping to gaze from each with anxious looks ami fcnvtted'b'rows. Ten, eleven, twelve o'clock came, and still the delinquents had not returned. Mr. Berrien summoned his man, and together they drove away in the darkness and rain to aid in the search. The storm had quieted down to adull, steady rain,1 but the clouds were still heavy, and low, making the r night as dark as a night can be. In the gray morning the searchers re turned, wet through, weary and sorrowful. No trace, except a handkerchief of Irma'e picked up in the cave, could be .found of the absent ones. . Maude aroused herself to find fresh men who wouid take up the search, or her __ father anj the others could do nothing more until refreshed and rested. She accompHshe-i- her purpose, and several more weaqf Boot* dragged along. She had not ejept arrested one moment, and still waw|a|^J£spaJringly from room to room. A|||£/fp«lock in theafteroOo^;carriage cnmie^Ssriftly up the drivewayAfiftu.de flew to the steps and met her, -sv«ji6j; as she sprang out, fresh, radiant, aiS^iiling, as though she' had * jnst retuiinfecfMrom a pleasure '.drive. With whi^'j^features Maude -g'rasped her wrist, afldrt&rned; her fa e lo that she could look steaj'tf^iiito her el**: '.-:????; -.. ?;- :0W^:' ... '.' Where'fcave JWW tieeB-J^Wifinost; ?fiissea. ,,. ' ?-.'::?.:/:.: ;, 'Vg?£ r/-f .' ' -?? r«*WfryV MiudeT fioW kmtlgSy Vyou lobk.ab me 4 -You *,rjs not a^gr/S^ll tell you all about it. Such an -ad venture as we have had! I know yon mult have been terribly anxious.buc youeee.linxall right now.' . . Leigh came up the steps looking weary and troubled. . Without giving him any special greeting Maude led the way into the fitting-room. Irma kissed her mother and father ; the latter was looking aft Her very seriouBly. ' Seems to me you're all wonderfully eoleinn over my return in safety. I thought you would be. delighted. We got lost, Maude, don't you think ! Coming out of the cave we somehow wandered in the wrong direction, and you ought to have Been Leigh's face when he realised that he didn't actually know which way to go ! We saw that a storm was coming up, and oh 1 bow furiously he did tear -through the ?shrubbery, dragging me after him ! He- was almost angry with me, because I could net walk faster. But it eeemi* we were going down on the wrong side of the hill, and getting deeper and deeper into the woods. We hurried and panted, but reached no familiar place, and at last the rain came. , We were wet through, and oh 1' so tired ! Poor Leigh was miserable to tfiink that he had brought me into such a scrape, be mid. But at last we struck an Told overgrown' road and followed it, thinking it. would lead I us out somewhere ; and when it wag eo dark ' we couldn't see our hands .before our faces ws stumbled upon an old house. We found ? our way in, Leigh hud matches in his cage and he broke up a box and a chair and soon had a fire in the big fireplace of what had 'been a sitting-room. I hardly know how be. managed it, but he collected wood and kept a blazing fire all night, and we got dry and ? warm. For the rain kept fulling, and ib was so pitchy dark lhat it was no use to go out again. As soon as ever it was daylight 'Leigh went to find some inhabited spot, . and returned in two hours with a carriage. '? We went to a farmhouse, where the woman hud a good warm breakfast ready for us, and made me lie down and rest for halfau hour while she pressed out ray rumpled gown. Then her son drove us home in the carriage, and here we are, safe and sound, and awfully glad to get home.' Before Leigh could add a word of ex planation, Maude said — ' Irma stay here and comfort poor mamma, who is very nervous over this. Please come into the library, father — and you, Leigh.' When the three stood opposite each other in the dinr room, Maude, looking at them, with deep, tragic eyes, said — ' Leigh, you must marry Irma — not me. Our dream is over for ever.' .' What do you menu, Maude ? Have you gone mad, child ? ' ' Father, tall him I You know it musb be so. I haven't strength to argue the matter, but no Berrien can bear disgrace. VjQU have kept- Irma away from her home all night long— alone — oh, it is terrible ! ' Maude covered her face with her hands; and her Mender form'^wayed to and fro as though she would fall. Leigh caught her in his arms. ' Maude, Maude 1 I swear that Irma is ? ' ' Don't swear to anything I' Maude ex claimed passionately, freeing herself from his embrace. ' The world will not listen to your vows —no one asks to hi-ar the whole story. It is enough— there is nothing more to be said. You must marry Irma on the day you were to have married me.' Leigh looked at her as white as a sheet, his hands tightly grasping the chair before him, as if to steady himself. . '.' Suppose I refuse T ' ' You are an honourable man. You will not refuse.. You and I never can marry in any case.' ' Do you regard this sacrifice as necessary, Mr. Berrien ? ' The father looked grave, and terribly worn and troubled. ' It is an awful affair, Raymond. I do not see any other way out of it. Our whole world knows oy this time what hus hap pened. I cannoi bear that sorrow and disgrace should fall on my little Irma. Marry her, and for God's sake be kind to her.' ' And you, Maude ? How can you com mand me to do this thing ? Do you not love me, then ? ' ' Love you ? Oh, Leigh, you can never know how dearly I have loved you ! ' she cried, with wild eyi-*. ' But you are- mine no longer. You are Irma's. 1 must bear it— I will ! Good-bye, Leigh. 1 cannot talk no more now. ' Leigh gazed at her passionately, sorrow fully, reproachfully. He clasped her in his arms and pressed a. long kiss upon her lips ; then he turned and went out of the room, ' Go, father, and leave me alone. 1 can not have a word said,' Maude gasped ; and with at look of the deepest pity he left her. An hour afterwards her mother found her there, lying upon the floor cold anil sense less. She was carried to her room and fondly nursed until sleep visited her weary eyelids. A' deep slumber came at last, from which she did not wake until noon of the next day. Never did a man more gravely propose to a woman than did Leigh when, a week later, he took Irma's hand in his own and asked her if she thought she could be happy wit.h him. ' But you are to be Maude's husband ; why do you ask me that t ' she enid in sur prise. ' Maude dees not want me. Will you be my wife ? ' ' Is it possible you love me ? ' ' You are a dear, sweet little girl, and I have a deep affection for you.' ' But it will break Maude's heart. We must not hurt her.' ' Maude will not marry me. Tell me, Irma, what your own heart says.' Irma's beautiful face flushed and paled, and her great dark eyes grew mysterious and fall of emotional lights. ' I hafe loved you from the fir-b tim* I saw you, but I thought it was only as a sister. I will do anything you wish.' He kissed her then and said no more. The next morning he went away, not to return until the day of the wedding. Maude did not leave her room for several days. When ?he did she was so changed, so wan-, that Irma was frightened. She tried to caref*3 her, as in the old days, but ?Maude would not permit it. 'I have been ill, bnt I shall be well soon. Npw 1 am very, nervous. Don't annoy me.' So Irmu wept alone. When she knew that she, not Maude, was to marry Leigh, she tried agaiu to gain the old confidence and sympathy of her sister. '... ' Are you grieving because of Leigh; dear Maude ? If so, -though it breaks my heart, I will give him up. I do not under stand why he loves me instead of you, or why you have changed to him. I love him dearer than my own life, but I will not come between you.' \- ' Hush, child ! Never talk to me of this again. You are to marry Leigh Raymond, and that is all there is to' be said.' Irma shrank before the set, stern face so unfamiliar to her, and said no more. She made a sweet, dangerously beauti ful bride. Her face, in its burnished frame glowed with the radiance of some other world, and her graceful form seemed in stinct with love and happiness. Leigh mar velled us he kissed the tender tremblinglips at her beauty, and wondered that he had realised it so little heretofore. He did not realise that it was the awakening of her woman's soul which had eo added to her loveliness. Maude witneseed the marriage, looking, in her white robes, withher snowy face, like the ghost of some forgotten bride of long ago. But no word escaped her. She even congratulated the wedded pair, clasped their hands and kissed them with lips that were as marble. Then they saw her no more. She was not to be found when they . set out on a brief wedding journey, and when they returned she had gone away ' to vieit relatives,' - 'It wm settled that Irma and her rujshariS should live with' her parents for some years, at least- Irma was too young; 'fcheyrB*fd;ifM- leave them for a houBe of her own, and she had eo loner been their pet and darling that they could not spare her. Leigh was easily induced to comply with their wishes ; he cared so little now what his future might be that he was -ready to acquiesce in any plan to which Maude did not object. It was several mouths, before Maude came home. Irma, more beautiful than ever in her new happiness -for she had missed nothing in Leigh's tender, protecting affec tion — was so eager to meet her that all day long she flitted about like a humming- bird, unable to be quiet a moment. The cold, pale, elegant woman who stopped from the carriage seemed scarcely the sister she had once loved ; but she lavished upon her all the caresses she would permit. Maude met Leigh with a cool smile and a frank hand shake ; not a glance or a word meant for him alone did he receive. He was not as calm and self-possessed as she, and before the evening was over left the little group abruptly, and did not return before they separated for the night. The days^went on. Irma, loving her husband and sister with all her passionate fiatnre, grieveJ that they were not as warm friends as she could wish. She noticed I heir strange avoidance of each other, their chilly silence when thrown together, and believed they must have quarrelled. To eacb.she made her plea for mutual forbear 'ance and kindness. Maude turned upon het that stern, jset. look she had begun to fear, and .bade her be quiet. 'If you value your own happiness, Irma, ?lebtug be a* we are. 1 warn you. Never mention our bearing toward each other again,' Leigh grew very pale, anj a frown con tracted his brow. ' Irma, you ilo not know- what you are saying. Am I not kind to you t Why trouble about my conduct to others.' ' But 1 want you to love Maude. Surely she deserves it, and I think she is not happy. Sometimes 1 have a vague feeling that I have wronged her, -ind yet I know not how. She said s-he would not marry you, and you said the Mime, and surely if you had not loved me best you would not have married me. But be kind to her, Leigh, for my sake.' 'Oh, Irma, you torture me ! lie satisfied with mo as 1 au;.' ' Satisfied ? 1 am more than satisfied. I trembleand wonder at my own great happi ness in being blessed with the love of such a man. Ah, if you knew .how deeply I love you, Leigh ! You are a part of my very life, and to lose you would be tt- lose my life ; jet, if it were for your happiness to give you up, I would sacrifice my love and my life together. All there is of me is yours, dear Leigh. Your joy is mine.' Leigh looked deep into the wondrous, passion-lit eves with a touch of tragic mys tery in their depths and inwardly groaned. To have won the love of such a nature, to deserve and prize it so little 1 How sad and perplexing was the . whole web of life ! What would be the end ? Irma and her husband were in the habit of riding every fine morning to some spot of interest. Maude had joined them a few times tut gave up the rides presently, and now they never expected her to accompany tliem. Hut one morning after the hordes were ordered, Irma did not feel well enough to ride, aiid insisted with pretty petulance that Maude should take her place. Maude at Ian contented, looking pale and cold, but tery beautiful, in her dark blue habit. She appeared to unusual advantage when on hotsebick. . It was the first of many such rides ; for Irma continued to be delicate and indis posed to vigorous exercise. Maude was beginning to lose much of her haughty com posure. Her cheeks Would flush and pale without apparent cause, and from a sort of cold, tolerant bearing towards Irma, she became. alternately lender, solicitous, or irritable. Leigli grew moody and impatient grieving Irma one moment to overwhelm lier the next with caresses ; and the young wife could not determine whether the two she loved so well were better friends than they had been', or if she had improved matters by throwing them so much together. ? The winter passed, Bpring was advanced, and soft, summery days were beginning to appear. Irma was still not strong, but very happy. Her trusting nature made its own happiness when those she loved were lie«r ; she saw nothing to trouble her as long as all was well with them. That Maude and Leigh often rode together now without asking her if she felt inclined to accompany them pleased rather than disturbed her ; aud that bright, late May morning when she watched them ride away, waving hand kerchiefs and kisses towards her, she was as full of the joy of life and love as ever, and smilingly rested on her couch when they were out of sight until slumber closed the beautiful eyes. But the hours passed and they did not return. Nat until the day seemed to melt into night's clouds did Irma and* her parents feel really alarmed by their pro longed absence. Something, must -have happened to -keep them away thus, and anxiety wnp at its height when a messenger on horseback from a distant town dashed up to the door. He had a letter to deliver to Mr*.. Irma Raymond. She pressed it to her. -lips and heart wben she saw it wa£ directed, in her husband's hand. In her own room, alone, she read the words en closed, which were written by Maude. : ' Irma, curse us and forget us. We have tried to endure and do right, but the old love, born before your own, is too strong, too overpowering. Irma, [ sacrificed my heart, almost my life, in giving up Lsigh to you, to save you from even a sunpicion of disgrace. I meant to be honourable. But the burden I took up was greater than I could bear. Honour, truth, your love— - seem a« nothing compared with a life apart from my once betiothed. To live as 1 have, lived, seeing him bound to another, would be madness. Kc-meinber, Irma. he was mine first. You are young, you will out grow this sorrow and love someone who is all your own. It was this, or death. You will never hear from us again. Hence forth we are dead to all' who have ever known us. ' Maude.' Thrice Irma's eyes travelled over the burrie3Iy written pago before she could realise the full meaning of the words. Then, with the letter clasped in both hands, and moaning pitifully, she sank to the floor — not mercifully unconscious, but unable to move. They found her there, and sorrowfully earned her to bed. Heart broken her father and mother hung over her, doing whatever love and skill could sugeest for the sufferer. But it was of 10 avail. ' Why did he marry me, mother ? Why did he marry me, loving Maude T was her sole cry. She was gently told the story. She seemed too much shocked at the truth to speak, and lay for days with her face to the wall, noticing no one. At last, one evening, eho turned toward the light glowing through a western window, and smiling once mom joyfully, -said — ? '.They can be happy now, mother. It will he '' rif-rht now- for * sna' not be ln their way.': -And in a few ntoments sweet Irma was dead. =- 'i*. - -'? -'. - - - ' 