Cfte Rumors oT Divorce. Although it is happily not possible in every country to dissolve the marriage tie because a husband has an aversion to soap or because a wife has a tongue more active than her lingers, there is a ludicrous facility iu many lands for getting rid of an undesirable wife or husband. In Greece a wife, to maintain her posi tion, must be the very "pink of propriety"; aud if she goes to theatre or race-meeting, or even dines with a friend without her husband's sauction, be may send ber back to her mother and bid her stay there. Time was, and not long ago, in Crete when a mau might divorce his wife if she appeared likely to add too many quivers to his bow; and in Russia, if husband and wife wished to part for any reason whatever, all they need do was to adjourn to some public place, and in the presence of onlookers tear a strip of muslin in two. In Morocco it is not fashionable to be attached too long to any particular wife, and a man's social position may be ganged by the number of wives he has divorced. It is quite common for a man to have married and parted from a score of wives before he has reached the age at which the average English man thinks it prudent to marry. In France, during the " time of Terror," the darmg experiment was tried of allowing divorces at will and without any assigned cause. The results were disastrous or happy according to the point of view; for within a year 4000 couples agreed to part in Paris alone, aud within a short time there were actually more divorces than marriages every year. It is interesting to speculate how many so-called happy unions would he dissolved in Australia if such a sweeping change were introduced into our laws. The advantage of the system was that a man might remarry his wife if a penitent mood supervened, and the curious result was that many couples were married and divorced several times before they finally made up their minds. In Japan, if an ohlique-eyed beauty gives too much rein to her tongue, off she goes, to learn that a discreet reticence is a virtue in a wife. In Germany, if the wife uses her husband's purse too freely, be can keep the purse to himself and bid her go, while he Looks out for a fraulein of simpler tastes. Prom the oldest times divorce has been in some countries almost as simple a matter as untying a shoelace. In ancient Home a man who wearied of his wife could free himself by the simple process of telling her to go. A facility such as this would see many of "HAYMAKING, BRIDGE VIEW FARM, MURRAY BRIDGE." Courier Competition—Third Prize.] [By C. Poore, Murray Bridge.' the readers of other journals (let us sav) divorced once a day at least—so long! as there was a fair chance of reuuion. In Biblical history, too, we learn that Abraham divorced "Hagar by providing her with bread and a bottle of water and sending her away. America, however, furnishes the most amus ing grounds for divorce'—so ludicrous, in fact, that it is necessary to assure the reader that they are recorded facts. One man recently applied for and got a divorce on the ground that his wife had a trick of pulling him out of bed by his whiskers; another because his spouse took too large a, share of the bedclothes, to the danger of his health. Iu a third success ful case the husband complained that he was bullied by his wife's family and threatened with violence; and in another case the wife persistently refused to sew the poor man's buttons on and to see that his clothes were properly aired. The pleas of discontented wives are equally frivolous and amusing. One good lady divorced her husband because he wou'd not abandon his pipe although the sinell of smoke made her ill. Another wife was so hurt when her husbaud told her that " she was old and I ugly," that she set him free to marry a younger I and fairer woman. An other ill-used woman (and this is an actual case given by the Green Bag) divorced her hus band, because be allowed his toe-nails to grow so long that she was severely scratched; and another husband's con firmed habit of imagin ing he was "driving the pigs to market" at night lost him his wife. An other wife quarrelled ■ with her husband for his habit (a very bad one, too, you husbands) of constantly'quoting Scrip ture to show how far she was removed from the ideal wife. This is more than the most patient wife could tolerate, for what woman likes to be compared with, another to her own disadvantage, even 'if that wife is an ideal one? Exorcising Extbaoedinaey.—In the canny North of England is a man who gets his living by the pursuit of a very peculiar profession. He styles himself an " exorciser," or " curer of haunted houses." He makes it his business to call on house and estate agents in various parts of the country and inquire as to the houses of ghostly reputation they have upon their cata logues. Then for an arranged fee, ranging from £1 to £5, recording to the circumstances of the case, he undertakes to rid the premises of their visionary visitant, which function he invariably fulfils to the salient satisfaction of all concerned. His methods are a mystery to all but himself, for he is engaged ejecting the phantoms from their favorite promenades. Fully aware of the stigma attaching to a haunted house, and its consequent depreciation in value, agents having sueh tenements upon their books are only too glad to secure the services of this extraordinary exorcist. Nearly every district in Great Britain has its haunted? - houses, so that business is usually brisk with this uncanny individual. He has, however, been heard to remark that when all the histori cal ghosts in the kingdom are laid it will he comparatively easy to raise more by judicious converse with country folk, most of whom are incurably superstitious. He asserts that he has no fear of anything supernatural, and he will often spend successive nights alone in houses which most folk carefully avoid. At present this exorciser is earning at least £200 a year by his weird art. He says he will con fide his secret to his son, who will succeed him iu his unique calling. 