HE WAS HAUNTED. PacBEn's ghost has been laid, to the regret of those who have cherished him as a winter story for the fireside. He is no longer believed to sit on top of a threerailed fence as welue to the discovery of his bones in a stagnast pool. But there is a ma n in the Glebe, Sydneys.who wvs heanted by a spectre which never lelts'him. It was with him as he sat all day mending shoes, and in the dark and silent watcles of the night it clung to him, and he began to'look upon it as a fearfnl part of himself untiifhis time would come to enter into the spirit land. It was a grim and horrible experience, and all his days and nigbts were spent in tryingrto solve the enigma of its presence, and the way that he eaod lag yit, as they had laid Fisober's ghost. The worst of the matter was that it was invisible to all but himself; he was worse than haunted, it tortured him, for this spectre loved to give lHim pain. At length the means were givean to, him to free himself of its hateful: presence, and he describes his last fight with it to our representative who had waited upon him' at 85 Bridgenroad, Glebe.-" For the past eight years," said Mr. Win. Burke, shoemaker, "I have endsred, very much from constipation and piles;.no'medicine seemed to do me good. At sight I' could net sleep, and by day I was too drowsy to do my work. Nothing I took could He me ofpain, until I tried Dr. Morse's Indian Rot'Pllls.and now I can say that they are the best' remedy r have ever known, as they do not gripe or weaken, and yet do all that is said of them: I am a better man to-day than I have been for years. It is a grand cure." Dr. Mhrse's Indian Boot Pills cure such cases. They are a positive cure for liver ailments, sick headache, biliousness, indigestion, dyspepsia, constipation, foul breath, sallow complexions, and a perfect blood purifier, curing eczema, pimples, blotohes, and all skin diseases. As a woman's best friend they stand alone. Sold by chemists and storekeepere, price, is. 3d, per bottle.. Austmlhtsian Branch of the W. I Cormnsock o., Ltd., 58 Pitt-street, Bydsn, H.S.W. Sold wholesale in Queensla$. by -esors. Elliott Bros., Ltd.. Brisban~. Each bdttle has the full name blown th?a~on, and the wrapper bears the signature o&'Wm. H. Com-. stock;. Avoid substitutes, an'd see that you get the genuine. 