A FREE TRANSLATION. More than 50 years ago (says the Cornhill M(lflU£ne), -there was an old comic actor in the Irish capital named Shean—Dan Shean he~was" familiarly called—for many years con nected- with the Hawkins-street Theatre Royal.' He was always on most ex cellent terms with the "gods " (or occupants of the' "niggers' heaven," to borrow an Americanism), . who, howev.er, . sometimes caused him much embarrassment when it fell to his lot speak a few words oirthe stage. " Spoalcirp, Dan," and "Bravo, Dan," and " 'Morrow to ye, Dan," though "shouted in tones indicative of the most friendly feeling, were cries not calculated to aid poor Shean in the, to him, at all times intensely difficult feat of remembering the words set .down for him. An amusing story is told of him. On one occasion "Coriolanus" was being per formed for several nights, in which the Roman soldiers appeared carrying the standards of the Republic. Upon these were incribed the usual letters,' R.P.Q.R., the initials of the" words, Sriw.i»-s iwpttlusquc livmaniix. The signification of the letters was a sore puzzle to some of Manager Harris's ' 'Roman troops," and one warrior toolc occasion to ask Dan Shean for an explanation of the mysterious characters. The financial position of the management was, at the time, in a very unsatisfactory state, and the appearance of the treasury "ghost" on Saturday afternoons, had become exceedingly irregular. Dan looked with a humorous twinkle at his inter rogator, and replied, " I'll tell you, me boy, translation got abroad, and caused many a hearty laugh, checked by an occasional sigh ai: its cruei'y clt.se application, and at last -it was carried to the cars of the manager, who, on the first opportunity, took Shean to task, and remonstrated with him. Again, Dan's eyes twinkled with his native humor, and feigning astonishment- at so monstrous a charge, "Sure, sir," he replied, 'I never said such a thing. I was asked the meaning of the letters,, and I said they stood for ' Salaries paid quite regular.' " the meaning of them letters. ' Salaries paid - at a queer Clever Impromptus.—"Nestor," who is contributing some "Oxford Memories" to The. Spoil;?.)-, gives several examples of the impromptus for whicli Thomas Dunbar, of Binsenoso, keeper of the Ashmole.-m, poet, antiquary, and. eouversationali.se- was famous. One of the heads of Houses had four daughters—Mary, a don ; Lucy, a blue stock ing ; Susan, a simpleton ; Fanny, a sweet un affected girl. Asked by Lucy the meaning of i-hc word "alliteration," with scarcely a pause Dunbar replied :— Jliuerva-like majestic Mary moves ; Law, Latin, login, learned Lucy lovos ; Serenely silent, Susan's smiles surprise ; From fops, from flatterers, fairest Fanny flies. Here is a second-example - of Dunbar's wit; The " toast" of the day was-a beautiful Miss .Charlotte Ness." She asked Dunbar the force of the words " abstract" 'and "concrete," which she had heard in aXTnivci'sitJ\sermon. A few moments silence produced the follow ing : Say, what is Abstract? what Concrete '! Their difference define— They both in one fair form unite, And that fair form is thine. How so ! this riddle pray undo— 'Tis no hard labored guess, ! For when I lovely Charlotte view, I then view lovely Ness. 