ABOVE EVERY NAME. SERMON. 1Y RELV. GEItSO.M GREI"EN HIOUGlf, M.A. (Condensed.) "Wherefore God also hath highly exalted trim and given ifim a name which is above every name: that at the name of Jesus every knee shall bow."-Phil. It., 9.10. (Concluded from Last Week.) I TIE ONLY POSSIIILITY OF UNION. Now, in this adorable Name, lifted above every name, mark that there is one binding force in the midst of the divided" nations and peoples. It is slowly bringing the nations together, but I cannot dwell upon it. Especially, it's the one and only possibilty of union and united labor in the Church of Christ: Names are mighty, both in dividing men and in uniting them, but far mightier'than uniting there,wclding them into one man, making their hearts throb together as the heart of one. An army is consolidated by a nalne, and multitudes clasp hands in lnotlhirrhood under the magic of a name. Differences and disputes, class distinctions and envies, moral and intellectual barriers, are swept aside like a filmy web by de votion to a Name, and this Name "is :above every -Name," surely my. brethren, we are all feeling this - all Christians, at least-in that sense of unity which is tatking masterful posses sion of us. W'hence has it come? Surely it is because the Church has been of late persistently lifting the Name into pre-eminence-I mean lift ing it above every-sect, party, school of thought, system, creed, and creed makers, and theologies, even because the Church is feeling again, as in the apostolic days, the, transcendent power of the Name. It is because of that that there has come into every branch of the Church a profound longing, a sigh like the groaning of a new creation -a desire for oneness. The lifting up of the Name .and the longing for one ness are cause and tffect; and that which has produced the long;ing will inevitably bring about the grand realis ation. Everything else, my friends, I thhinl, divides. . Creeds divide; it is the Name only that unites. If, in the midst of all tile tumult of differences. you say--"Vhart think ye of Christ?" there will first be the hush of a great awe and a shamed silence, and then all voices will break forth in one glad, liar monlous confession. "He is the Way, the Truth, and the Life; He is all and in all; He is the chief among ten thou sand and the altogether lovely;" and we shall be all one whlen we all realise that HIe is the End of all desire, the Crown of all hopt', the Sun of all faith, the Centre and Soul of all worship, the one furnace lire of love, kindling love in all, tile one adorlable Ielng, Whose Nale is so far above every name, of sect and party, tlhat to mention thteml in the s:ame breath is an irreverence. We shall all be cne, indeed, as soon as we make it the great object of our en deveor not to preserve and exalt our own function, phases, and dignities, not to push our views into prominence, not even to multiply and magnify our o:wn churches;.blt to get His power felt, His will done, Hi-s healing and salvation: spread, Ilis all- subduing love made manifest. Then will all our homle mis sion work, and our foreign mission work, too, be re-baptised with the Holy Ghost. uand with power when we have lifted His Name above everything else that we feel and hold dl:ir, and put it where God bath exalted it-"above every namne." TIII GRAND INSI'IItATIOCN, Now we have here the grand inrpira tion that we need for our work, in the joy that the Name, the supremlacy of which we are seeing to-day, and our unquestioning belief tllhat it will get for itself iniversal obedience. There is all the inspiration which the Church needs for its onward march in its fight with darkness and sin, and all the sour ces of prayers and longing, earnest labor :and self-sacrificing zeal. _My brethren, the Apostle has surely told us here the secret of his own snagnilicent devotion and sustanied energy, and he has told us here in brief the story of all those who. with him, went forth for the Name's salke, as we read. To him to have tile Name was quite wonderful; it was more than wonderful. It was un utterably dear, a very sacrament of mystery and grace; it made his heart best whenever he heard it: it set his lips quivering whenever he saw it; it was written upon every fibre of his be ing¢'burnt in letters of lire on every thought and emotion: It represented all that he hoped for, all that made life worth living, all possible joy here and beyond the gr-''e: it ras so s~weet to ut ter it. so sweet to s~oelnld it in the ei'rs of others, to splread tile savor of it abroad, and to see eyes gleaming as they heard of it-the power of the Name over bini and them. Moreover he believ ed, and all those who labored with htim -belijved, beyond a dou'bt, beyond tile whisper of a fear, that this Name would and must get to itself universal power '?At the Name of Jesus every knee shall bow." It was a profound conviction em bodied in that nl:gnificent assertion that se:nt all tl.ese men out to their 'aw ful, lonely, majestic, and appatrently in successful contlict with the world that steadiedl them in failure :and charged them with indomitable purpose, and made their faces all aglow with antici pated triumph. They were;, perfectly sure that everything would yield to this. Principalities and powers, thrones and dominions, spiritual wickedness in high places and in low places, superstitions and religions, and all moral and intel lectual and material forces, would slow ly yield to the power of the cross and sway of the Name. These two things, the sweetness of the Name to themn, and their conviction of its irresistible power in the worlId, made them preachers, workels, missionaries, made themn fear less. enthusiastic, fe-rv-ent, untiring, per sistent. and ga.ve them their victory over the world. And, mly brethren and sisters, we shall all share their sympa thies and thoughts and purpose and con fidence, too, to.the very full so far as we ihave grasped, as they have done, thile im port of the Namlne. First, oh first, is it a power in your own hea.ts Do you believe it yourselves? HIows muchll is it to you?-Is it true as you often sing Sweeter sounds than music knows, Charm me in Emanuel's name? Is it true as you often repeat Nor heart can saing, nor tongue can frame SNor can tile memory find A sweeter sound thlan Thy blest Nrame, O' Saviour of mankind? Is it dearer to you than all the names of pomp and splendour' and human ambi tion? Is it dearer-I am afraid to :tsk it, yet it ought to be-than mother, wife, and child? Does it suggest to you all that is best in life? Is it a name that you would 'iillingly suffer for and rather die than deny? Would your memory lose its most precious treasure if this Name were gone? Would your hopes fail and sink out like some flickering lamp burnt down to its last drop of oil if this Name were forgotten? Would all the world grow suddenly dark, and something shoot through your hearts as if they 'ere about to brealk if this Name were lost? Does it mean that to you ? And it means all that to thousands.Then you will want to say not in rhetoric, but in sober seriousness, and not in passing gusts of emotion, but with an abiding purpose, My gracious Saviour and my God, Assist me to proclaIm, And spread through all the earth abroad, The honor of Thy Name. And do you believe as the Apostle de clared there, and as the Apostles be lieved, because it would have been the utmost treachery to their Lord to doubt it, do you believe, as every devout Chris tian must believe, that this lName will have unquestioned and absolute sover eignty and suprenmacy in this world, that it will no longer continue to divide the world as it does now with other forces the forces of darlkness and sin and other masters, but will possess, as it already claims, the whole? Do you believe that every 6ther name, though revered and honored by millions now, will be lowered that this may be 11 in all? ' If you be Ileve it-I will not insult your faith by saying "if"-you do believe it. For woll that has any part in this Name can ever abate one jot of that mighty hope and assurance? You are false to His Divin ity and you make playthings of all His promie?s if you talk of that with bated breath and whispered humbleness. Your faith is only a trembling apology' if it fancies that other masters anid other powers will continue for ever to divide the world with your crucified and risen Lord. .And your allegiance to Him is not worth the breath that expresses it unless you claim for hint the coming mastery over every heart and crownlliln Lord of All. And if you believe that then you will pray for it. You will do something more, you will labor to make your prayers effectual. You will speed it on, you will thank God for every sign of its coming nearer, you will have a profound Interest in every assault made upon that kingdom of darkness which girds around the l:ingdomn of our Lord. You will need no urgent and reiterated appeals such :s are made at collection timles, and such as weary the man who has to inake them to bring out your measured and stinted sympathy and support. Your hearts will be filled with the saving compassion of Christ; you will be at least touched with the lire :ind fervour which sent the workers down into the slums of the city and the missionary out to his life of loneliness and cross-bearing, and you will have a: live and large part in that grandest aim and object of every live church, the hope of the, time when the, Name shall have brought music to every heart as it has to yours, and where every knee shall bow under the thralls of its sub duing mastery. I- ne aLma n m a - 