THE KINDLY GHOSTS OF LONDON. SOME MEMORIES OF ST JAMES'S. Few writers can discourse more pleasantly of that older generation of which they formed a part than Sir Algernon West, who, in the " Nineteenth Cen tury " takes his readers for a conversational excursion from the Embankment, past Whitehall into St James's, and up Park-lane to Mount-street As he walked the streets became peopled with the ghosts of friends and acquaintances who had passed before him To his mind's kindly eye they reappear in their old haunts with all the cultured graces and the witty memories of an honoured post -" The Reform Club, built on the model of the Farnese Palace by Sir Charles Barry, reminds me of Mr. Bright telling me that at the time of the Corn Law agitation he took Mr Ransom. the secretary of the league, there, who put his hand on his arm and said, ' John, John, how can we remain honest if we live in such palaces to this r' Here, too, I see Lord Clarendon and with him Charles Greville arm in arm, ' hearing some secrets and inventing more,' and a knot of eager polit chairs at the Carlton discuss- ing whether the Polites will join the line, of the Whigs, and a few steps further on a brougham, which was soon a novel with a very tall, well drilled powdered footman at the door, from which emerges a lady 1 loved by many generations of one city and familiarly called ' Lady A She i)0"3Cssed a low, deep voice, as he was never used P0SSCS_UU li II", UUl.],, HILL, "Wed. 1 V R.-, U_ยก,M LIKE to be an unkind word of or to anybody, large curb on each side of of a fine- featured face, and in appearance of everlasting youth . . Walking out of St James's place is the banker j oat Rogers, whom Frederick Locker describes as an ugly little man, r. wrinkled little Maicenas in a brown coat, but he was more than that The older he got the greater his position became He had been a friend of For, of Sheridan, of Moore and Campbell, and Byron and Shelley, with whom he travelled in Italy. He was offered the Poet-Liurcatsship, which then was an office of honour. When a great robbery of his bank took place he regretted the necessity of having to drive in a brougham-a carnage then almost unknown but later on he was reconciled by finding it adopted by persons of fashion Lafayette says that memory is the wit of fools If it is I am not ashamed of sharing in its pleasures with Rogers. . I paused aw hill on what Disraeli called that celebrated commence at the top of St James's-street, by the refuge opposite the famous liay-wuidovv of White's, meditating on the uncertain. of human ambitious and human life for on the pillar I spelt out the name of its founder, Mr Pierrepont, who was in the habit of frequenting White's and the Turf Club, which formerly was in Arlington-street With advancing years and increasing traffic he became alive to the danger of the crossing and begged the vestry to erect a place of refuge in the middle of the street. This they declined, but expressed their readiness to meet his views pro s, ided no tin and the cost, which he consented to do. One day when the refuge was complete and no name embossed on it he was proudly show use it on to a friend, and had stepped on one side to admire it the better, when he was knocked down by a passing coach and killed " Sir Algernon conclude) his talk with Heine's thought-" All the world smalls of doing violets " " I turned he Howards into Mount street, so long called Oliver Mount from the London fortifications built there by Parliament in 1913 There is that apostle of homoeopathy, Quin, the in corrigible punster, with his asthmatic v "Lee and wheezy laugh His bones, approached through a long passage, is as much a thing of the past as the Parliamentary walls of 1613 My dream is rudely broken by the siren of a motor-car and I fear that he roy reveres I have been casting too sad looks behind me, and perhaps unduly regretting other times, other manners, and other men. The days that are no more ' This is natural in dreams of the old , but, thank God, in my waking moments I still can contemplate with intense pleasure the glorious joys and blessedness of youth, the noble ambitious and splendid aspirations of many in this hive of working men , he day by day some ideal becomes a reality , he day by day some scandal is lived down, some grievance is depressed, and not all a good things are in the past " 