Books and their Makers. In the admirable dress and presentment which Messrs. Angus and Robertson have taught us to expect comes a new volume in ' The Snowy Paver Series ' of Australian poets. It i6 the first of the eeries that deals not with ' the back blocke.' It is not horsey, nor ' sheepy, ?' etooky,' or ' swaggy ' as the others have been each in their kind. It carries us back rather to the days of Kendall and the poesy of Keats and of Shelley and of those poets whom the world owns and who have found the world of their poetic thought a good world, and woven magic melody from the eternal themes of love and beauty and sentiment. Probably it will be the best appre ciated of the whole series outside Australia, and it will serve to answer much that ' Literature,' and the ' Pall Mall Gazette,' aud various other British periodicals have had to eay within the last few mouths upon modern Australian poesy. The volume is ' At Dawn and Dusk,' by Victor J. Daley, published at 5s (post free, 5s 6d). The majority of the poems have appeared already in newspapers, in the ' Sydney Mail ' some of them, the bulk in the ' Bulletin,' but the issue of the volume has long been looked forward to. Mr. Daly is the most poetic of the Australian poets Messrs. Angus and Robertson have given us. He came to Australia as a boy, and his sentiment and thought are essentially Australian. It is coloured by our scenery, our life and customs, yet there is nothing of the pessimuun or the ' weird melancholy ' which is popularly supposed to be characteristic of Australian verse and Australian scenery. Neither is there anything of the deoa dent morbidity which has made a certain Austral ian sohool exalt the pessimist and the suicide. Mr, Daley, as a rule, sings joyously and happily, but ' when he does touch the oiher key he does so iauntlhigly, «s witness this :— The lulls were full of hollow eyes That rayed out darkness, dead and dull ; Grey rocka grinned under ridges bare, Like dry teeth in a moulded skull : And ghastly gum-tree trunks did loom Out from black cleft* aud rifts of gloom. As sheeted spectres that arise . 3Ptom yawning graven at dead of night To fill the living with affright ; And, like to witches foul tbat bare Their withered aims, and bend, and cast ? Dread curses on the sleeping lands In awful legends of the past, Red gums, with outstretched blondy hands. Shook maledictions in the air. Here is a touching verse, admirably ex pressed : — ' Give thou a gift to me, From thy tieasure- houss, O Sea I '* {Said a red-lipped laughing girl While the summer yet was young ; And the sea laughed back and flung At her feet a priceless peatl. ' Give thou a gift to me, ^ - JVom thy treasure-house, O Sea ! ' fcaid the maiden once again, On ft night of wind and rain. . Like a ghost the moon above her . Stared through winding sheet* of clcud. On the tand in seaweed shroud Lay the pale corpse of her lover. . .' , WKiohis better. g«in or loss ? ' Which is nobler, crown or. cross ? We shall koovr these things, maybe, \--?-j, IVlien the dead rise from the sen. ' More characteristic of the poet's philosophy is ?this :— , ' Having cirta^n cares to drown, To (he sea I took them down ; And I threw them in the wave, Tbat cngulphed them like a grave. Swiftly then I plied the par, With a light heart reached the shore. ? But behind me- came my foes ; Like u Dine days' coipse each rose, And (a ghastly eight to see) Clutched the boat, and girned at me t . . With a heavy heart, alack. To the lend I bore them buck. Not in water or in wine . :. - Can I drowu these cares of mine. But some day, for good und sure, I shall bury them secure, Where the soil is rich and brown. With a stone to keep them down. And, to let their end be known, Have my nuine caned on the stone ; Bo that passers- by may ssy : ' Here lie caves thit had their day.' And sometimes by moonlight wan I may sit that stone upon— With a spectre's solemn phlegm — In my shroud, and laugh at them. a Oi— who knows, when all is said — Maybe weep because they're dead. Or th;8 :— 9 Choose who will the wiser part — I have held her heart to heart ; .Vad have felt her heart-strings stirred, And her soul's still singing heard, for one golden-haloed hour Of Love's life the passion- flower. So the world may roll or rest— I have tasted of its best ; And shall laugh while I have breath At thy dart and thee, O Death ! We might go oh quoting one dianty morsel after another from this volume - which is destined to live in Australian poesy, but space this week precludes more. ' . The Jew has a particularly bad time in the fiction to hand this week. He figures in undesirable lights in variouB stories. In ' The Concert Director ' ?by Nellie K, Bliesetr, he is a foolish villain, like unto the stage variety of Jew and villain inasmuch as be concocts his villainy in the' hearing of third per . ' sons. Provided one is not very particular 'as to probabilities, and especially if one happens to be a ? woman, they will thoroughly enjoy Miss Blissett's ... story. ? It u chock fall of romance, sentiment, and intrigue. The heroine is a lovely BuE&ian; girl, who at the age of 17 has won fame en the stage, married and buried a Prince, and left the scene of her triumphs with the determination nsver to re turn. It it the aim of the ' concert director ' to get her back to the platform under his own manage ment, and in this he is abatted by the Jew. This unscrupulous Herbrew accomplishes his end by marrying the Princess in spite of the fact that he is married already. For his pains he receives £1000 and an appointment from the impressario. Presently the Princess meets the ' greatest living pianist,' who falls in love with her, and a juvenile prodigy, son of the Jew, by his legal wife, having avenged his mother by shooting the father dead, the way to love and happiness for the impulsive singer and tbe adoring pianist is made clear. The book is in Mac* millan's Colonial Library, and forwarded through Messrs. George Robertson and Co. ' Some Fragments of Old Sydney ' is the title of an interesting booklet forwarded by the Citizens' Life Assurance Company, Limited. Apropos of the erection of the new buildings for the company, .' Old Chum ' has gathered together an interesting series of reminiscences of the site, formerly occupied by Black's-terrace, and of the various streets around. This involves many anecdotes of some of the most notable and eccentric of Sydney's citizens, and will be found entertaining reading. ' Made in Germany,' by Mr. Ernest E. Williams, obtained so largo a sile and created such strenuous discussion that anything from biB pessimistic pen is certain of a hearing. Board of Trade statistics have supported the contentions made by Mr. Williams in his well- known book that Germany by greater at tention to the wants and idiosyncrasies of enstomere, and by the influence of its system of technical edu cation, was rapidly eating into what had formerly been British trade. Now he returns to the charge in ' Marching Backward,' published by Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Co. at Is, and which comprises the series of articles wh.ch recently appeared in the ** London Daily Mail.' New South Wales protec tionists particularly (rill find them congenial reading. Mr. Walter Bone's Zanzibar story, ' Simba Roho,' is continued iu the current number of ' Cosmos.' There are short stories by Mrs. Alan Suttor, R. E. Deaue, and ' D. G.,' and a poem, ' Cathedral Bells.' ' The Ausiral Light,' a sixpenny magazine for warded by the Catholic Publishing Company, of Melbourne, opens with an excellent article by the Rev. Thos. M'Enroe, S. J., on the ' First Six Days of Creation.' Id it tbe reverend writer clearly and lucidly reviews the evidences of geology, zoology, and palaeontology in favour of the great age of the world, and reviews with them the Scriptural writ ings, concluding tbat there is nothing iu the latter incompatible with the evidence science offers. The fault Las been in men's interpretation, end not in Holy Writ itself. Amongst other contents is an article by Dr. Chas. W. MacCarthy on 'The Heroes of '98,' apropos of the recent celebrations in Sydney. An Australian serial story, ' On the Banks of the Swan River,' by Una Roe, runs through the issue, which has also a short story by Mrs. Alan Suttor. Cyclists and tourists generally will be interested in ' ?Ferris's New Pocket Road-map of N.S. Wales aud Cyclist's Touring Guide,' forwarded by Messrs. Geo. Robertson and Co., ani published at Is. Be sides a good folded road map of the colony, there are ' a cyclist's touring guide,' giving all sorts of in formation, a ' sketch road map of the County of Cumberland,' an alphabetical index to post towns, and a ' gold-miner's and prospector's guide,' as well as information on 'How to Acquire Crown Lands.' Mr. J. A. Barry's first complete»story, ' Tbe Lock of tbe Native Born,' is to be publiehed. in England about August. A new edition of ' Steve Brown's Bunyip ' is just out. 