Chapter XXVIIL—Engaged'Lovers. Ac eacli end or icenn s aressing-table there was a lighted candle; between these was placed her writing-desk, and-now, in the early hours of the morning, she was laboriously try ing to compose a letter. But on this occasion the ready pen and readier wit of "White Cockade" had forsaken her ; she had made many efforts and as many failures; and these had not been torn up and thrown into the waste-paper basket—they had been carefully put aside for some safer form of' destruction. After all, it is not an easy thing for a proud spirited and sensitive young woman to explain to the man she had just promised to marry that she would rather be safeguarded from en dearments and demonstrations of affection; somehow the phrases would not come right; they were cola, unsympathetic, unmannerly, unmaidenly. The tragic humor of the situa tion was that she should consider it necessary to write in this strain to Archie Gilchrist of all persons in the world. It is truo that when she promised to be his wife he had offered to kiss her, as was but natural in the circum stances, but the slight involuntary gesture with which she had shrunk back was for him as a wall of iron between them. Did she fear his insisting on his rights of possession ? Then it was little she knew of the man to whom she had pledged her life. And at last she abandoned the hopeless task; she threw herself back in the cushioned chair and stared blankly Before her at the twin blinds of the partitioned window. At first, she did not notice any change; her eyes had grown accustomed to the yellow glare thrown upward by the candles, and to the dull I reflection of it opaquely returned by those vertical lengths of linen; but of a sudden it occurred to her that this opacity had partly j disappeared and that a certain transparency! had taken its place. The blinds were no longer yellow, but more nearly their natural color of bluish-white. ;And then she under stood. If the new day was not yet here, at least there were indications of its approach; and so she got up and extinguished the candle3, and went into the little windowed recess from which she could look out on the awakening world. . — But not yet awakened. Sleep, hushed and profound, dwelt over the hanging woods; the cold, steel-grey surface of the stream was un disturbed by any breath of moruiDg air; not a leaf stirred; the night still seemed to claim its own. Nevertheless above the foliaged heights across the river—those brooding heights that had become a bank of Bolid, dark, rich olive-green—were premonitions of the wonders of the dawn; here and there a touch of- ineffable rose—a transparent swathe of faintest saffron—a mystic glow, that came stealing into the heavens, waxing warmer and clearer minute by minute. Were- they still at their dancing in yonder town ? Or was it not time for the last of the carriages to be sum moned lest maidens' cheeks should look pale in confronting the splendor now mounting into the skies? But was the world indeed so empty ? It ap peared to her that for the briefest second her absently-gazing eyes had caught sight of a figure crossing an open glade in the bushes opposite the distant weir. And if this were not a ghost — if this were an actual human being—very well she knew who it must be. Who but a demented poet would be haunting the islands at such an hour? And then she looked at the pile of unfinished letters, suggestive of an impossible endeavor;.and she thought -the explanation would bo ever so much easier if she could see him face to face; and if there were any chance of meeting him what more auspicious moment than the present, when there would be. no passers-by to intrude ? It was a prospect that at once filled her with a sense of joyous de liverance. She forthwith locked up the dis carded correspondence, to be dealt with by and-bye; she finished her dressing—but care fully enough; and then she got away down stairs and out of doors. If she were to be missed no one would express much surprise; the household were familiar with Wild Eelin's ! By this time the dawn had declared itself right royally; the zenith- was a wonder and glory of lustrous' orange cloud, with interstices of deep purple ; and so all-pervading was the flame that the smoother breadths of the cur rent, no longer of a cold steel-grey, had caught a warm bronze hue under the soft green of the rowans and alders. As she passed through the wicket and followed the pathway leading be tween the fields and the shingly banks of the stream she noticed that the mists were slowly drawing up the hill-sides; but the darker mountains in the south did not seem as yet to have emerged from the night. At first she walked quickly, but when she came to the well of sweet water and turned to cross the first of the small bridges she knew that now she must intercept the stranger, who ever he might be, if he were anywhere about these islands. And so (with affected careless ness of observation) she wandered along the winding avenues, under the branches of beech and lime and elm, and now and again sho got a glimpse of her own home far away on the other side of the river, with no sign of life about it yet. Next she came upon-Archie Gil christ. He was seated on a wooden bench with two or three books by him, an open one on his knee and a pencil in his- hand. When the slight sound of her footsteps caused him to look up he was as one paralysed and lie grew very "Oh, no," she said, smiling, in'reply to his affrighted stare—only, as she .advanced towards him, she was as rose-red as lie was whiter "I am myself. -I am not a spectre. Do you ever see spectres—spectres of me, I mean—when you come about the islands at these unholy hours?—for I hope I don't 'walk' in that wxy——'' The small gloved hand she gave, him was certainly not the hand of a phantom; but he was still startled. "I did not see you come along the other side," he said. "And—and—I was thinking of you—and for a moment I imagined my eyes had conjured up a spirit—I have heard of such things " - ' He had gathered his books together and, she seemed to assume that he would accompany her, as she turned back on the way she came. " I wished to see you," she said—and he was walking with her now—"I have been trying to write to you, but I could not explain in that way. And of course there must be ex planations and apologies.^ If the engagement we jumped into'or fell into last night is to remain " "If it is to remain? he repeated, but with out reproach ; it was for her to say whether it should remain or not. "Then I've got to apologise for my up bringing," she continued, 'land you'll have to take me for what I am—a pretty bad lot. ..You see, my mother is a very fastidious woman; and perhaps she has taught me a little too much, personal pride—a sort of dislike for molly-coddling—perhaps even a disdain—that one is sorry for, you know—but there it is—an imperfection,, that one must apologise for—and it might wear off in time, who can tell? For don't fancy I'm a prude! Oh, no, I'm not; I'm not a sniffer; I like fun—and lots of it; only— only " "And you think I cannot understand ?" he said to her gently. And somehow she knew that he did "understand—and she was greatly comforted. All the same—and still with conscious color in her cheek and with downcast eyes—she continued to make little stammering excuses for her independence, her maiden reserve, and shyness, as if any such were necessary to this man, whose attitude towards her was all of mute worship, and deference, and obedience, and surrender o'f self; and by this time they had strayed from the usual walks and had come to the upper end of the middle island, which here narrows itself to a point, cleaving the wide current in twain. Here also, facing the open stretch of landscape, is a wooden seat plentifully adorned with carved initials; and so happy did Eelin feel at having got over her pleas and extenuations and established herself on a frknk and free and safe footing with him that-she suggested they should sit down for a little further talk, and he was nothing loth. Loth? It was a kind of maddening intoxication to . be so near her; why, as they sate there her skirts very nearly touched his foot; under the soft folds of her silken blouse he could see the quiet rise and fall of her breathingwhen she laughed it sounded so close that it almost seemed himself laughing, so quickly responsive was his sympathy to her every mood. And she was trying to be very kind towards him. She felt secure with him. She was grateful that he had so promptly dispelled all her embarrassment. And he listened and could have gone on listening, for the mere thrill and delight of her presence—those two . alone together in this great, brilliant world of sky and mountain and hanging foliage and rush ing water—the mere physical thrill and de light in the consciousness of her presence was enough. But at last he said— " Why, Eelin, you don't in the least seem to understand the magnitude of the sacrifice you are making ! Yes; and it isn't as if you were drawn to it by any compelling affection or craving for affection—for I cannot, believe that —I don't blind myself; it appears to me you are rather giving yourself away out of a generous good-heartedne3S—out of 'bon cama raderie': •" "Ah, but you don't know," said she, smiling again. "By what sin fell the angels? Sup pose I imagine myself to be a judge of character, and suppose I: thinlc I foresee a great future for some one, and suppose I am ambitious enough to wish to share it—what then ? And you think you oh your side are surrendering nothing ? Ah, but youaTe," she went on—and so musical was her voice and so winning her air and expression and the vary ing charm of her manner that he found it diffi cult to follow her argument, if there was an argument; he was ready to agree to anything. "But you are," she said, "you are giving up 'A man's a man for a'that.'" He was bound to protest, but it was in no' energetic way. "Oh, yes," she insisted. "You admitted that the great Declaration of Swagger didn't apply to one-half of the human race ; then, if, it does not apply to one. half of the human race it cannot applv_ to the other. Do you see? Are you convinced? For that's what they call logic." She was as one gone daft ; and in this idle and good-humored fashion she rambled on, hardly waiting for any reply to her demure and inconsequent playfulness. Was it to put him at his ease—to reassure him—to cause this association and sympathy she offered him as the basis of their relationship to appear a simple and natural thing? The* situation was altogether extraordinary ; • yet, she seemed; happy and well content; he had not even put his hand within her arm,"as brother and sister I are wont-to do. ■ Then into tho_heaven of his'bliss leapt a lover's easily-excited alarms. He began to wonder whether she had divined his strong and deep and unconquerable love for her and recog nised its inevitable hopelessness and in some wild freak of compunction had offered herself to him in this unfettered way as a kind of atonement. He- already knew, that there was no limit to the impulsive 'and unselfish generosities of this bravo lass. But if- that wero all the response she ■ could make to the passionate yearnings of; his soul what hope would there be for their married life ? L'un qui aime, et l'autrie qui se laisse aimer;, it may be an admirable arrangement for a time— perhaps even with an attractive touch of patho3 about it, -but how long'is it likely to endure? . . 1 ; • Kb, there was no cuddling and fondling be tween these engaged lovers, even in this pro pitious solitude and silence. . She "was advanc ing the proposition—and her eyes were per feotly grave—that in every meteorological office throughout the country there ought to be established a large salt water tank contain ing a live salmon; for what more infallible prognosticator could there be of a change in the weather? But alas! the mere mention' of the salmon recalled to her that old Fergus would now he at work on the opposite bank and that it behoved her to get' away home before anyone else should question her. He? companion was for going that way also. "Itwould hardly be discreet—would it?' she said. "Old Fergus might wonder— mightn't he?' And so they walked back to the parting of their routes—his that was to take him straight into the town, hers that was to take her across the small bridges to the other side; and at this point, and with a light and buoyant step, she left him. Wasit the pale huntress, then, whom he had encountered in these wood land wilds in the mystic regions of the dawn? But not any one of-the Greek goddesses, how ever chaste and fair and radiant, had tha mantling color of this Highland girl—no, nor : her_ all-conquering eyes—nor her merry and ; derisive tongue—nor!, her swinging, boyish '■ stride that was carrying her so rapidly away ' from him. Then the rowan-bushes and tha | willows and the alders hid her from his sight, and perhaps he came ..back to his senses and .perhaps he did not. | As he walked away, into the town lines and phrases and fragments-from "Maud" were singing themselves through his brain—"Queen Maud in all her splendour"—"O Maud were sure of Heaven if lowliness could save her"— and the like,: and he was arguing with him self and trying to prove to himself that there could be no possible likeness between 3cent and sound; nevertheless when he was summoning up again to himself the rich, soft notes of Wild Eeiin's voice—whether she was meekly assenting, or whether she was openly mocking at him, or whether she was lending him some of her own high courage in con-, templating the future—these low and half hushed tones of hers somehow, and strangely seemed to recall to him the perfume of sweet brier just as the rain is ceasing and when the sunlight is coming again into the warm summer air. {To be continued.) 