ENGLISH LITERARY NOTES. fFrnm our Snecial Corresnondent.1 London, March 2S, 1838. Madame Marchesi's memoirs—' JMaruheai and Music' — note the order, as much as to say, 'Marchesi teaches and music follows,' will prove full of interest to lovers of music, but I doubt if they will appeal, except in suatclies, to the general public. There are a great many personal details, and a largo part of the book is taken up with the poems, lines of music, and autographic farewells written in her album by famous and grateful pupils. Here and there are glimpses oE the private Ufe_ aud idiosyncracies of famous musicians, such as Beethoven's encounter in a music shop with her aunt, Baroness von Ertmann, to whom he dedicated his sonata op. 101, Mendelssohn's introduction of Jenny Liud to the authoress, Otto Goldschmidt'a nervousness at hisdebut in Leipsic, Rossini's account of the fiasco at the hurried flight from the students who wished to draw his carriage, and Kubinstein's visit to her conservatorium. The latter portion of the memoirs deals largely with the many brilliant pupils of this great teacher. Ada Croasley and Frances Haville receive brief mention. Madame Piuschof, 'laureate of the Vienna Conservatoire, for eoveral years a distinguished opera comique fcinger,' i3 icferred to as introducing Madame Mbiba to the authoress. Of Melba, Madame Marchosi says— ' When I heard her soprano voice for the first time I was charmed with its pine tones and at onco recognised in her a future star. . . . She is without a rival on the lyric stage. As a vocalist she more resembles a bird than a human creature, and it is im pcbi-ible to conceive anything more musical or mure flexible than her marvellous voice, v.hicli is always as clear as a silver bell. . . Unquestionably as regaids tasie, style, and vocalisation this pupil of mine is superior to any living singer.'1 Him tie Murska, Nevada, Eu-ika (jerster, Sybil 8«r.derson, and Emma K;u:ic.b were also pupils of Mdmc. Iilarchesi, :md there are tome pleasant references to them in the luemoirs. The porU.-iitK of thu authoress at v.irious; stages of her career are kiblruotive, and tho latest shoivs a hardness of mouth and si'Wiity of visage that quite account for the tali'.-; one hears of the famous teacher's aus terity. -Mrs. Cavnpbell l'raed's 'Scourge Stick' is onu of the best studies of morbid pathology tiiut I have read for :i longtime. Neurotic to r. de^reo, long v/icdud even to the tunu of So7 p.-.^rf, jerky in stylo iiko tho narrative of some p.,- lUologicai jingle, but throbbing with pasbion even to tne- breach of tho seventh com uinndmenr. 'Look inio thino lie.irt and write' is the motto prciixed to liook V. vi Li.o novel, and that is precisely \vi:at Ilia in-ioine, Esther Vassal, dow. (Siio culiiTa mdi-ed iio:n a cticoctlitz scr'i'jtvdi, and £;!?.?-.* us a detailed ana.Jy.3i3 fit her uHiasousi ti\n mart. Thu titlo is explained iiy the motto of the buok— 1 li.ivc rccn my iitlie l.oj- oft scourge his top, A:i.J co:-. ^.ircci uijsci: io'i ; :i'ju^i:t Wailo ins e'er iro l-^iit lint iii-a\ eii'-i 'coia'.'ie- iticli. ami shortly the story is tin's. Esther Vrintz i.iijiuj,' .is au actress man K'S Hector 'wis-wil, a n:aii who deiinta himself as 'a bla-e sensiiiaiist with a big brain— the uio:.lum dulir.ition of the deii!.:- The horror of the actualities of nian-ia^n drives her to a cuiuiitiau of uiuiancholy torpor, from whiuh she routes heree'if by writing a novel des cribing her own experience 'the effect on a virgins] nature of a loathed bondage to legalised sensuality.' Tin's novel brings about a meeting between its authoress and her publisher's reader, who, after thoy have fallen in love during a sojourn in Algiers, turijs out to be Robert Vassal, her husband's nephew and heir to iiis estates if he dies ojjildicss. A boy is born, and Hector Vassal at the chris tening names it— after its great-grandfather— Iioliert, at the sound of which uaiui.1 Esther faints away. The rc.vJcT will draw the right inference. Not Iwig afterwards Hector Vassal dies a terrible death of paralysis, the result of his sensual life, leaving his widow an iiiimiity and forbidding her access to the child. The fiendish way in which the wiil ia drawn, and the conversation be tween Vassal's crafty solicitor and Esther, in which the. former explains to the distracted mother how the will be baffled in every effort toupaettht! will oi- toft'iin possession of her child even by tho desperate cour.se of calling the validity of the v/iif in question, ruining the ni:tn she loves, and aliiruihig lmr boy's illygi tur.iu.y resuit in the- best piece of law that I ha\« read in fiction since the tri:d in Rider Haggard's 'Mr. .Meesoivs Will.' The boy, who has liy.iturieiil teinieiii.ios, dies just after Robert A assai returns from a voluntary exile as con.ul in a far oil lanJ. Robert, although he has a wife living, would take Esther away to Jap:iu and marry her, when his wife obtained lit1.1 divorce. But Esther resists the lait, tho supreme temptation, and the act-drop falls on the drama, A fatality Keems to hanjf over the liL-urutics of iiaiun, and Mrs. }'rucd's characters c.-umofc i-^capo the customary doom. The bouk ia strong meat, too strong mo:-t will think for the young perton. Tho story is told by means of autobiographical reminiscences of the heroine, narratives by her doctor and her other friends, or letters from Robert Vassal to Esther ; thus at the head of each chapter ep I-eara 'Written by Esther Vassal,' 'Written by Doctor Qiuntiu Glaive, ' luom Robert Vassal to James Brock,' and so on. This rather dangerous method of narration is skil fully handled and helps to develop the indi viduality of the characters. When I onco commenced tho talc, my interest nover flagged, and I did not put it down again until 1 had coine to finis. The 'Scourge Stick' might be summed up in the words of the reader's criti cism of the heroine's work : — 'Darinp in its originality and unconventional treatment of a world-worn theme. ... In parts repul sive, but the power and passion of the book are undeniable. Passion, indeed, forms the motive of the work.' The Dolly Dialogues clearly inspired Mr. Thomas to write his 'Carpet Courtship, a story of some Imperfect Persons' (John Lane, 3s. Gd.), which might almost have been en titled the 'Susannah Dialogues.' Mr. Cobb has studied Anthony Hope to some purpose and tells his clever little story almost entirely by conversations ; his characters fence nimbly, the thrusts are quick, and the parries brilliant. The story is briefly this. A worldly widow, Susannah Murchison, has been proposed to by one Frank Rothesay, and has written to him to call the following day, which, according to arrangement, is tantamount to aceepttuice. Alter sho has dispatohed the Jotter Lord Fereday calls and also proposes ; ahe acoepts him at once, trusting to Frank's 'ousin (Everard) to intercept her letter befoie it reaches Frank. Everard destroys a letter, but it turns out to be one from Mrs. Rothesay, the aunt from whom Frank has expectations. The result is this, Frank calls on Susannah at the appointed hour, and shortly after Fereday arrives perplexed but delighted to have the lady introduced to him as another man's wife. Mrs. Rothesay, annoyed by Frank's silence, makes a new will, leaviug all her property to Everard. He proposes to and is accepted by Elsa Treherno, the girl with whom Lord Fereday is really in love. Susannah discovers the mystery of the missing letter; shs refuses to let Frank release her until she has seen Everard, and Everard being .1 gentle man, although a needy author, relinquishes the whole of the property to Frank, and is in turn relinquished by' Elsa for Lord Fereday. Everard turns his sad experience to account, and 'the psychology of his next novel was of a higher order than his last. Fortune had dealt him a severe buffet, but henceforth he carried himself more jauntily, so that she, fickle jade, repaying him in kind, began to smile too.' j Everard is a simple honorable gentleman to 1 whom one's heart goes out, and his scurvy treatment by that sly 'cat' Susannah and his betrothed, Elsa. gives a touch of pathos to the little story and redeems it from triviality. Allen Raine's 'Torn Sails' is a pretty little story of a Welsh village, peppered with a great many Welsh words to give the local flavor, but not realising the great expectations aroused by the pastoral 'A Welsh Singer,' which led the critic who now characterises ' Torn Sails' as 'ill-contrived, ill- written, aud woefully dull' to predict that the long- waited-for Welsh novelist had come at last, x he workmanship of 'Torn Sails' may be a trifle crude and the incidents somewhat hackneyed, but I don't think the reader who does not expect too much will find the book dull. Allen Raine is a lady, whoso first essay in literature won the prize given at the Carnarvon National Eistcddford for the best novel of Welsh life. Mr. Rider Haggard has been reading his own obituary notice quite recently, and has been hard put to it to convince the Hungarians that he is still extant. Some mouths back a ballet based on 'She' was produced in Buda Pesth, and at the time appeared a eulogistic obituary ascribing to the author personally all the adventures of his fertile imagination, and deploring the fact that so intrepid an explorer had died in his bed from some trifling illness. By-aud-bye the fame of tho ballet penetrated even to Mr. Hazard's country house, and he wrote over to the director of the theatre explaining that he was mush interested in the ballet and would like some further particulars and some views. The director promptly replied that he was never more surprised in his life than to receive a letter from a dead wan, and that though he had communicated the fact of Mr. Hag gard's continued existence to the good folk of Buda-Pesth they refused to credit him, and believed his statement to be only an advertising doJge. For them the death of Mr. Haggard was a cltoie jitjee, and there was 110 more to be said about it. Alaiost with tears on his pen the worthy director be sought Mr. Haggard to come over to Hungary aud exhibit himself in the flesh. Mr. Haggard, however, had morn important business in hand than resurrection, and tho public will have to be content with a letter published in a Hungarian newspaper declaring solemnly that lie is still alive and lacking. There are promising young- authors amongst our fighters on the frontier, and two books are well worth reading both for their soldiery 1 account of thu fighting in the last campaigns 0:1 the frontier oi India aud for the light they throw on the 'forward'1 policy. Viscount Fin castle, who won iiisV.C. in thn campaign, and Lieutenant P. C Eiic'-t-Lockhiirt have rc pubjibljcl their letters to the Tuna in book form under the titles of 'A Frontier Campaign,' and give a clear although not a particularly picturesque account of tho opera tions of the Maiitk.ind and Buncr Field Forces. L'JaiteXLint Churchill, the son of Lord Randolph, lias both the power of writing vivid descriptions that in a few striking words present a lively picture to thu reader of such exciting scenes as tha rifle of the Bengal Lancers to the rescue of the beleaguered garrison at Chak'iara, or the wild rush of the Ghazis blown to pieces at the very muzz'.es of the gun?, and a reflectiveness that makes his book something more thun tho mere letters of a war correspon dent. His 'Story of the Malakand Field Force' is far the better of the two books, and in places the stylo reminds the reader of the author's father. Boys who loves true stories of British pluck should' revel in some of the most exciting passages. Here in a record of heroism that is none the less noble because it was dis played by a civilian, Surgeon Hugo. Lieu tenant Ford was bleeding to death from a bullet in the artery :— 'The me was too hot to allow of lights being used. There was no cover of any sort. It was at the bottom of the cup. Nevertheless the surgeon struck a match at the peril of his life and examined the wound. The match went out amid a splutter of bullets which kicked up the dust all around, but by its un certain light he saw the nature of tho injury. The officer had already fainted from tho lo:;-, of blood. The doctor seized the artery, aud, as no other ligature was forthcoming, ho remained under fire for throe hours holiii;ifr a mau's life between his fiufer aud thumb.'' At tln'j end of time hums the s-urgeon, 'without relaxing Iiis hu!d,' carried the officer aw;^'. 'His arm was for many hours paralysed with cramp from tho eir'tets of the CMcrtion of comprising the artery. . . The spectacles of a doctor in action amun;; soldiers, in equal danger and with equal couiii.;;u saving lifo wlK're all others are tr.king it, .-.Haying pain where all others uru causing it, is (me which must always seem glorious, whether to (Jod or man. it is impossible to imagine n.uy situation from which a human being might better leave this world aud embark on tho hazards of the Unknown.'1 Minor books that will serve for human nature's d.iily food are Mr. Bram Stoker's 'Miss Betty, :- a sweet little love story in a very different strain from the author's weird ' Dracula ;' Mr. St. John Adcoek's ''Conse cration of Hetty Fleet,' a pathetic tale of haunting little Holbnrn courts ; Mr. C. War man's 'The Express Messenger,' a collection of exciting railroad tales; and Owen Y/ister's 'Lin Maclean,' a relentlessly faithful picture of the wild west and cowboy life. The split infinitive has been, to use a favorite word, quite an 'obsession' in literary circles lately. A correspondent of the Chronicle began it by pointing out several instances of the error in a single issue of tho paper. Then Mr. Bernard Shaw rushed into the breaab to crush this 'infinitive insect,' affirming that 'tho infinitive is a mood in which the position of the adverb cannot pos sibly produce ambiguity; consequently the order of the words is not a matter of grammar, but of style, of which the oar is the only arbitrator. The ear often demands the split infinitive, and will have it in spite of ail tho silly people who do not know what style means.' 'Spectator' in tho Star was tho next to break a lauco with the champion of the much maligucd split infinitive. His view of the matter was that the infinitive was as much one word as if it v/cre written 'to be ;' it was in fact a vorbal noun. After that the melee became general, and the poor split infinitive was as much bandied about as a shuttlecock. I must coufcEB that I can see nothing gram matically wrong about the split infinitive, and. the grammarian Mr. Earle in his recent 'Simple Grammar of English Now iu Use' appears to find no harm in it, for he says on p. 206:— 'Avoid modishness. Do not use the split infinitive unless you have a valid reason for it. Old examples can be quoted in some numbers, yet it never was a genuine colloquialism, but only au artificial scholasm. If you think it is an improvement, that it im parts grace or force or clearness to your dis course, then act upon your, conviction, but do not adopt it on the rash impulse to burst through every now gap that is made in the hedge.' The truth is, as 'Spectator' points out, that the use of the split infinitive in literature is a vulgarism analogous to the eating of peas with one s knife. The question has been so burning that I have been once or twice on the verge of asking a thirsty literary friend to come and have a split infinitive with me. The two most attractive articles in the March magazines are Mark Twain's 'Stirring Times in Austria' in Harper's aud George Meredith's poem on the French Revolution in Cosmopolis. Mark Twain's account of the historic fight in the Reichsrath is one of the best pieces of writing that he has done for a long time, and his criticism of the situation is keen. Beyond a cynical remark now aud again he scarcely permits himself to be humorous, and his evident earnestness makes the picture of the extraordinary parlia mentary scene all the more convincing, and will satisfy the Viennese when it reaches them —as it is bound to— that the American was something more during his sojourn amongst them than 0 fellow of infinite jest, he was a chiel taking notes. Mr. Meredith's lines are aptly described as ' Maonadic verse ;' it reels along, intoxicated and delirious, with swinging rhythm, and carries the reader along with it just as did the subject of the poem those whom it whirled away. There is one essential difference, how ever. The French people found themselves swept round in the whirlpool of the Revolu tion before they had time to think. Mr. Meredith's poem requires a considerable deal of thought. It would not be Meredithian otherwise. Mr. J. Shay lor in the PublisJters' Circular ha3 been giving -some amusing examples of blunders in the titles o£ book* asked for by the public which are worthy to rank with that of the music-vendor who when asked tor 'Moses in Egypt' said he was out of that, but would not ' Ehren on the Rhine' do as welL A gentleman who asked a bookseller for a translation of 'Omar Khayyam' was told that 'Homer' wrote the Iliad and the Odyssey, which were in stock, but he did not write the book inquired for. A gem is ' Moses Hart's Twelve Masses, probably a Jewish book,' which was tho free rendering of 'Mozart's Twelfth Mass.' A 'French Vocal Bradshaw' was found to indicate Bradsbaws 'French Vocabulary, and 'The Treatment and Civilisation of Savages,' by Corfield, represented Professor Corfield's 'Treatment and Utilisation of Sewage' and 'Curiosities of Nomenclature.' Mr. J. M. Barrio again has been fathered with 'The Little Monster' and 'Widows' Thumbs.' I derived much the same entertainment from Huysman's 'Cathedral' as I did from Burton's ' Anatomy of Melancholy,' for both are full of mediieval lore about monsters and superstitions and fabulous animals and the virtues and vices attached to them. 'The Cathedral' is not intended to be a humorous book, ft is the central volume of Huysman's trilogy, preceded by 'En Route,' and to be followed by 'The Oblate.' There is no story in 'The Cathedral.' Durtal, the hero of 'En Route,' leaves his wallowing in the mire to visit the Cathedral at Chartres. He meditates at great length on the symbolism of the cathedral, repeatedly turning up his notes, and occasionally seeing wonderful mystic visions. When he is not lost in his symbolic soliloquies he taiks in much the same strain to two priests and the housekeeper of one of them. There is no personality about any of these three, they only act as catechisers to elicit opinions from T)urtal. In Paris his soul was ' eaponacoous, the foot sank in it.' The state of drought in the provincial town 'toughened him to liorniness.' Still with his spiritual anicmia, his weariness, in difference, and torpor in prayer alternated a persistent and obstinate yearning, a craving for prayer, a constant invitation from God keeping him alert. Bored to death as he is by provincial life — and no wonder — lie at last with much misgiving leaves for a cloister. 'The Cathedral' is a study of symbolism and the mediae val mysti cism of tho {Roman Catholic religion, and as sucli in the midst of a great deal of arid moralising contains much that is interesting and original aud that will afford food for re flection. Durtal in his reflections 'travelled round the whole cycle of mysticism,' and found the cathedral tho epitome of heaven and earth. The cathedral was to him a super human tiling that 'symbolised the loving ten derness of orisons,' a pile of stones that, thanks to tho science- of symbolism, became a macrocosm. He enlarges on the symbolical meaning and history of all its parts, the proto typoof the navoand pointed arch being found in the forest, the length, breadth, and height all revealed some Bijecialised idea on the part of the architect, and the cruciform shape rcpre- | sun ted ilie crucified Christ, the twist that some cliuiches have bymbolising tho head and neck of the Saviour drooping over his shoulder I when he had given up the ghost. From Dar tal, too, we learn of a ritual of color wherein I a ilifforent hue was allutted to each sacrament, j a litany of gems, a category of the : virtues und vices attached to vegetables, the i symbolism of religious pictures, the meaning 1 of the bestiary, or tho church menagerio of i good Rud evil emblems divided into real beasts j and monster*, lima gargoyles are 'hybrid monsters signifying tho vomitting forth of sin ejected from the sanctuary, reminding the passer-hy, who sees them pouring forth the water from the gutter, that when seen outside tho church, they are the voidance of the spirit, the cloaca of the soul.' Even smells, according to DurtaJ, have their symbolism, and 'Satan'a baleful effluvia are of two kinds, one characterised by the stench of sulphurous waters and drains, the other by a false odor of sanctity, delicious gusts of sweetness and temptation.' Barnum and Bailey would willingly exchange their freaks for the monsters of olden times as enumerated by Durtal with ao much unction — the gryphon, tho phoenix, the unicorn, the porphyrion, the wyvern, the mauicoris, the leoncerote, the tharanda, the sea monk with a body covered with scales, fins all over, claws in lieu of arms, and having a monk's shaven head ending in the snout of a carp. Some of the mystic visions, Euoh as that of the swords, and the explanation of tho origin of the Gothic Cathedral are well worth reading for the originality of their imagination and the beauty of their language, while the description of the procession of the ' Court of Miracles,' old wrecks dressed in reach-me-downs and specimens of extinct headgear, is sure to be frequently quoted. As fiction 'the Cathe dral' is intolerable, as a series of lectures on architecture, art, religion and mystical mythology and a text-book of symbolism it is highly interesting. 