THE MAN UNDER THE HOUSE. [FOUNDED ON PACT.] By CHAULES O'MAiiEir. The pleasant company, gathered together t Bathcormao house for the Christmas hoi. days, was seated, on the verandah whic overlooks the beautiful Barra Borra rlvei It was a calm, moonlight evening, and tb water flowed in peaceful ripples by. Storie of adventure were being told, most of ther having been personally experienced by th .narrators. - . For some little .time there had been a lal in the conversation, when Major Drega, th genial host and master of Bathcormao nous and station, tamed to a. slight girl with i ? nervons bnt olever face near him and said "What's that I heard yon telling the girl the other day about an adventure yo had had at Olarenoeville, Miss Anson Come, let us hear it. I'll be bound it wa -, something interesting." "I am afraid you gentlemen won't thin! it worth the name of adventure," Mis Anson replied with a slight flush. " Well let us hear it and judge for oar selves, Miss Anson," said the major, whil his daughter Nelly chimed in with " Oh, do tell it, Belle ; I know everyon would like to hear it, and it ia a real adven < ture, say what yon will." Thus importune! Miss Anson began. " At the latter end of last year I went b , spend a few months at Olarenoeville, one o , . the principal northern towns, with a frlem . who had been formerly governess in ou family. ' Miss Buyer lived some 10 or 1! , miles from Olarenoeville, at a place callee Dandyboy. It was a lonely, seolnded spot Not a house -was within a conple of miles My friend lived in a small cottage built 01 high plies, and nuder it was an acoumu lation of old boxes and all sorts of rubbish Miss Buyer, who was head-teaoher of thc Dandyboy Pnblio sohool, distant some five miles from her reBidenoe, used to ride then every day, I accompanying her, and assisting to teach just for the inn of the thing, Misi Buyer's mother and two sisters lived witt her, but at the time of my visit they had just left on a trip to Sydney. "As it was somewhat late before wc rehired, we used to take oar lnnoh packed np with; us. Misa Bnyer kept two horseB and I rode to the sohool on one ot these, We used to oatoh and saddle them onrselvec just before breakfaet. "One evening, after I had been at Bandy boy Borne three weeks, I went ont to the paddock with the bridles to bring the hones up to the verandah where the saddles were. Dick was qaietly feeding at the lower end, but Pansy was nowhere to be seen. That she had managed to get out was at once evident from a broken Blip-rail and hoof printy in the soft mnd outside the paddook. The wonder was that Diok had not accom- panied her. Catching him, I-went up tc the house and told Miss Buyer of Pansy's disappearance. "We did hot know what to.do. Dandy boy eohool was too distant for either of ns to walk even in fine weather, when the road was in a fairly good oondition. The recent heavy rains had made it a mere boggy traok. There wonld be no time to ga after the horse, whioh had very probably made back for the place where she had been reared-a station 9 or 10 miles away. "At laßt I settled the matter in the only possible way by dedaring than I would remain at the house while my friend rode to the school on Dick. Miss Buyer would not hear of this at first, for she knew I was naturally timid and nervous. Bat I finally overruled her objections and persuaded her it was the only thing to be done. "I will make plenty of work for myself," I said ; " too mnoh to have time to feel lonely or frightened, and I will not mind being alone." " Well, I suppose 1*11 have to give in," said Miss Buyer. " The inspector is very particular or I would not go to the sohool at all to-day. But I will dismiss them early and come baok 'os Boon as I can, I'll leavo Sailor, the dog, with yon as a guard," " But master Bailor had no Idea of stay- ing. He liked a scamper through the bush where he could ohase the paddymolons and frisk to his heart's delight far too well to remain behind with me. - When Miss Bayer had mounted and WBB riding off ho broke away from me as I held him by the collar and careered gaily off, leaping , and barking by Dick's side, "So I waa left alone, and, being city lived and unused to the solitude of the bush, I must oonfosa to feeling a little bit lonely and nervous as I saw my friend disappear from my Bight amongst the troea in the narrow bash traok, I " However, I Boon beoame accustomed to being by myself, and the morning poseed more quiokly than I could have hoped, in doing various little household duties, writ- ing letters, otc, , "After lanob, I resolved to go on an egg-hunting expedition, Puttiag on the shabbiest dress I oould find, I prepared to crawl on my hands and knees under the house where I had heard the hens cackling in the early morning. Miss Buyor had several fowls, but wo rarely got an egg, aa they laid away either in tho bush or beneath the cottage, whero it waa almost impossible to get at the nests, my friend informed me, owing to the obstructions presented by the accumulation of rubbish of all sorts which was piled the.ro, loft by the former occu- pants. "Although Miss Bayer had been at Dandy boy for over a year she had had no oppor- tunity of effecting a clearanoe, I had often peeped cautiously at the collection of lum- ' ber, but had never examined it thoroughly. This day, however, I was determined that no fear of snakes, which reptiles wonld be very likely to be fonnd there, should deter me from making an attempt to get some eggs, as I wanted to make something speoial for Miss Buyer's tea. Although still early afternoon, it was nearly dark under the house, owing to the nnmber of shrubB which grew around. It was some minutes before I could accustom my eyes to the obsourHy to proceed farther inwards ; many and various obstacles barred my progress. Old books, boxes, broken bedsteads, fragments of crockery, etc., etc., etc, were scattered about in a neterogenous mass. I was almost inclined to give np with so many difficulties In my way, when I caught sight of some white oval things a few yardB to my left, near a mere skeleton of a sofa. These encouraged me, and I was proceeding cautiously and slowly towards them when suddenly my heart Btood still for a moment, and then began to beat BO furiously that I felt almost suffocated. AB I advanced towards the eggs I saw, through the framework of the old Bofa, the figure of a man. He was in a reoumbent position, with his back towards me, and seemed to be sleeping. A gun lay near his outstretched arm, I often wonder now how it WBB that I did not Boream out or faint. I did neither, bat Bat, or rather knelt, Btill forabont half-a-minnte, staring at his figure, dimly discernible in the surrounding gloom. Then a sort of terror took possession of me, and with my heart wildly throbbing, I made my way ont aa swiftly and quietly aa was possible, and in a second or two found myself stand- ing in the daylight, with the sun shining brightly above me. I fled into the house aB fast aa my tottering feet could carry me, and reaching the inner bedroom, looked it, and then orouohed tremblingly on the bed. Not very like a heroine waa I I But I had never been away from the life in a large town before, and I was naturally timid and nervons. The memory of the stories I have read of atrocities praotised by bushrangers (for such I supposed the man under the house to be) came thronging to my mind, and made me shudder. " But why didn't you take to the bush and make for the nearest house Miss Anson ? " asked Major Drega. "The nearest waa the school, and that was five miles away," was Miss Anson's reply. "Besides, I thought it very likely that the man waa only feigning sleep, and if he saw me going off he would very probably chase, and then he must soon oaptnre me. , After a minute or two I rose and fastened the little window eeonrely, then, os quietly aa I could, I pushed the bed against the door whioh I had previously looked. It was now about half-past three. At the earliest, I could not expeot Miss Buyer for an hour. If nothing happened before, I knew not what we could do after Bhe came. Time passed slowly ; oh, so slowly. I listened intently, but could hear nothing. Suddenly, about half-an-honr after I had oome into the room, I fanoied some kind of sound was audible. It seemed to be just under where I Btood. My breath came qniokly, and I strained my ears in agonised terror. Tes, there it was again, a minn te after, and this time I knew I was not mistaken. I could hear breathing, and the sound of something moving amongst the rubbish under the thin boards whioh formed the flooring of'the room. I could bear no more. My over-Btrained nerves failed me, and I fell fainting to the ground. I was awakened from my swoon by lond knocking at my door, and-oh, joy-the voice of Mies Bayer calling : " Bella, Bella, open the door. What ia the meaning of thia!" . As hastily as I could I pulled the bed away and unlocked the door. "My dear ohild, what .is the matter?" my friend exclaimed, " your faoo is as white as a ghost's," - " Oh, Miss Buyer," I Baid wildly, " where has he gone ? " ,' " Where has who gone ? " asked my friend, staring at me in surprise. " The man with the gan under the house," I said, in a terrified voice, Jost at this moment there was a rattling sonnd as if something was moving amongst the tins and rubbish again. . "There he is I" I oried, clinging to my friend. " Nonsense child 1 " That is Sailor, who ran UDder the house directly after I oame, about ten minutes ago.. I let theohildren out early on purpose to come back to yon. " But, I tell yon I saw a man thero when I went to look for eggs," I persisted. My friend looked astonished, and then a little frightened, bat only for a moment, Then she burst into a lond ringing laugh, " Come with me, you foolish girl," she said, taking me by tho arm. I accompanied her in bewilderment, " Now wait here," she said authoritatively, as we went ontside. Miss Buyer dropped on her hands and knees, and, drawing her riding skirt about her, disappeared, in spite of my frantic remonstrances, nnder tho houBO. My friend appeared a few moments after- wards, accompanied by Sailor, and judge of my astonishment if you onn when I Baw her drag forth the canse of all my terror with her. And who or what was he you will naturally want to know. No man, as I Baw plainly now that daylight revealed him or it to me. Nothing but a Bait of olothcB stuffed (as I afterwards fonnd) with straw, and for the faoo a pink and white mask, with ferooions whiskers and staring glass eyeB. The gan was the only genuine thing, and that was real enough, but very old, and cracked ocroES the stock. " What on earth ia the meaning of this ?" I demanded, as soon as I had stared my fill at the figure. . Miis Buyer laughed, " yon may well ask " Bhe said. "When we oame hero first, Mother and Mildred were nervons at the thought of living in the bush all alone, and unprotected by any sort of man. Mother was always bewailing what might happen, and one day when I o'ame home from sohool I found this gentleman installed on our little verandah, with the gan whioh we had found under tho house when we came-across his knees. Unknown to me, Mother and Millie had been making this figure up for days with an old suit of one of the boys that mother had with her. The mask Millie bonght at Olarenceville, Mother said she would leave him on the verandah, every day, with tho gan, BO that passing tramps would think we had a mau with us, and wonld bo frightened to come near the house, I remonstrated, and Bald that if it were fonnd out we wonld be the langhing stock of the neighbourhood. But all I said waa of no avail. One day, how ever, a neighbour, oalling in unexpectedly! discovered our dnmmy, and in a few days the story was over the country side, and fine fnn they made of us. At last, Mother oonld stand it no longer, and in disgust pushed onr " male proteotor " out of sight nnder the houBo, where he has lain ever sinoe, until yon resurrected him to-day. No wonder, though, that yon were frightened. In the semi-darkness under ? there yon might well mistake ic for a man. Bnt, I won't give it a ohanoe to- terrify any- one elee again. This evening we'll make an end of him," ' Later that night we went ont, taking with us somo kerosene and matches. We oarried the qnondam proteotor of Dandy-boy cottage to the bank of the oreek at the end of the paddock, collected Borne buBhwood, and then, in the words of an Australian poet, written on a somewhat similar occasion, we "Laid his tall body Upon the pyre, Bprinkled with kerosene Kindled the fire." The leaves and wood oraoklod, and tho flames leaped np. In a few minutes they had oonsumed, and we had Been the last of " The Man under the House." 