{ELIZABETH’S EXPERIMENT The dishes were Washed, the beds were made, the few touches of brush and duster, all that are needed to tidy a house when it is not sweeping day, had been given. At this moment of leisure, j Miss Morrison seized the paper eagerly She did not look at the first page to learn the news of the world,although her interest in the march of events was keen. She turned over to the “Wants." Rapidly her eye ran down the line to the words : “Wanted Help — Female.” In a minute more she whipped a pen cil out of her pocket and made three crosses against three advertisements, ahe three were enough alike l'br practi cal purposes. Each asked for a house maid and waitress combined, and each offered good wages. Elizabeth's man ner was quite decided, as of one whose | mind is made up. i 1 can only persuade father and ! moL^or'” sbe said, “and I believe I I This sudden interest in requests for servants was certainly rather strange. ; Here was Betty Morrison’, a pretty girl i of 19, fairly well educated and more than fairly well endowed with common sense, lady-like from thp’ crown of her •head to the tipof her toes, liviVig in 'her ow-n pleasant home. — what did she care about “situations?'' She didn't, pare 24 hours before, but. last .night!’ Well, she liad a shock; • ■ ’iiist night Mr and Mrs Morrison left the tea table for the'-library, while she remained behind to gather up the tea di5#ies. The door was ajar without their noticing it, and scraps of talk floated through. The first thing that claimed her attention was this: “I see no other way. Harry must leave college. To think that those stocks should be worthless now, and I Judged them the very safest.” • *Mr Morrison groaned. "Couldn’t you borrow the money?" suggested his wife. “Possibly, but I don’t like to try, for .1 have no good security to offer, and tire’ times arc- very unsettled. The time may come quickly when I shall have only an honest name as capital. I mustn't endanger t'hat. But it seems a pity for our boy to lose so much, when only a few paltry hundreds are needed to take him through." This,with more to the same effect, was what gave Betty the shock. She had known for a long time that they. Were not so well off as they used to tie. I-cHd than four years ago they kept'"two servants, then there was one, and then there was none, like the little "Injun boys” of the song. Notv she and her mother did the work, with some help from Agnes, her young sister, who went to school. There were other economies, but still every comfort. All the morning she thought and plan ned. The midday dinner came and Mr Morrison sat down to it, preoccupied, anxious. When it was over: “Papa,” said Betty, “please stay a while. I want to ask some questions. You, too, mamma. How much do I cost you a year? My ‘keep.’ and my clothes, and my spending money?” “What a question, Betty! Not more than you’re worth." “Oh, of course not.” She had perched on the arm of his chair and now stroked his thin locks. “But I really want to know. I have a reason.” “What dark plotting is this?” Some thing like a smile brightened his grave face. “Well, let me see.' I think my pretty daughter may cost me five or six hundred a year, and I don’t consider her dear at that, though she’s very dear all the same.” “No playing on words • nor compli ments allowed, papa, and please pre pare to be horrified.” Then quita’seri ously : “I could not help hearing'what you and mamma were saying last night, and Harry must not leave college. It’s just the beginning of his senior year. He might know enough for the position hc hopes for in that school, hut he wouldn’t get it without the prestige of graduation. It would tie ruinous for him to drop out now. He ought not even to know of the trouble, for Harry can be obstinate.” “Not the only one of my children who can be,” Mr. Morrison interrupted, with a sad humor. He could be told enough to make him very economical, but not enough so he’d insist on leaving. Noir, please don’t interrupt again, papa, until I tell you. I’m going to save you all I cost, besides making a little money, and Harry, if he’s careful, can keep on. I’m to apply for a situation as housemaid and wait ress in R-. I expect a first class re commend from my last place, ma’am.” She sprang up and made a sweeping courtesy to her astonished mother. Then such a pelting of objections, of Almost demands, -as that girl received, to each of which she had an answer. No, she didn’t consider it a disgrace— no honest wcrrlc was a disgrace—she didn’t believe any friend worth haying ' would cut her; she had set her heart on it, and should he quite miserable' if she was not permitted. And'there was one argument not to be gainsaid—Harry. Agnes could stay out of school to help mother. Agnes could afford to wait, but Harry couldn’t. Moreover, she must go at once—to morrow morning—there were so many to answer such advertisements. She knew the city perfectly, as many times as she had been there, and only fifty miles away. She could almost identify the houses, in one of which she was go ing to work. If she did not get a place, she could come back at night none the worse. She wheedled, she coaxed, she used her common sense, and—she got her way, just as any high-minded woman who is in the right ought to do. It was a very tremulous hand of blessing which her father laid on her head, as he rose to go. “I ought never to be downcast again,” he said, “with such a brave daugh “Just a few of my plainest dresses, mamma”—they were packing a small, trunk that , evening. “I won’t need a single new gown for a year. Isn’t that jolly?” If Betty rattled on, she was certainly to be excused, for, in deed, it takes some courage to break loose from one’s social position. When her father gave her his part ing kiss at the station next morning he said: “Remember, my daughter, it is only an experiment, and if it fails, there will be no regret at seeing my little girl re turn. Tou can hardly wonder that this seems a disgrace, not to you, but “Now, papa, no more of that 'an’ thou lovest me.’ The best man in the world shall run himself down in my presence.” Then the train came, and she was gone. Fortunately, Miss Elizabeth had a relish for fun, and the humors of the situation served to keep down what may a girl would have made pathetic. She stopped at a quiet "home hotel.” Even,' city has one, where country people go. She knew this one some what, having dined there more than once with her father.,., The morning' was not so far. advanced but she had time to apply at two places on her iist I>efore liihch. . Neither of these houses did she penetrate further than the hall, thit^h-Tm]0^,eaeh sc-ndiilg a message morni- Cl a that .V* t'-«« clock in the afternoon. n„ , t V 01 N°- 212 L;ikl' Avenue, lav on a couch in her own room, with srnn'e Sho’hTV’f exl,aUfition- *<> wonder, fe ve, n n vn'Vi°"V"'1 that morning ff.MLi than ten applicants for the posi tion of housemaid and waitress com bined and not one of the slattornlv. un tidj 'lot had appeared to he capable of transformation to suit her need- Bre sc-mly the cook knocked at her door tlie cook, whose patience, site l>arrd would not hear much longer the strain ol extra duties. ‘Please, ma’am, there’s anither a waitin in the settin’ room.” ‘‘.Aliother what?” Mrs Alien asked '.Leastways, I think she’s anither as wants a place. But she don't look like the rest uv thim.” ^ ell, perhaps it was worth while to go down in. that case. The young per son rose with a slight bow as Mrs Allen entered, and, in answer to a word of inquiry, said: “My name is Elizabeth Morrison. I came in answer to your advertisement." Mrs Allen- tried to conceal the surprise she l'elt. This plainly dressed, young woman was a lady; there was no doubt of that. There could be no mistake as t.o the good breeding which ’her whole ‘manner, and oven hen,voice Indicated. .Mrs.Allen’s first . words' showed the thought whichAyas in her mind. ; • "Pardon me,” she said, "but I do not need a companion, . . ’ Elisabeth smilbd, and replied. “No,: madam; I understood the advertisement I wish to apply for the position of house maid and waitress, if you have not al ready engaged some one.” "Oh. no,” the lady answered; "there’s no one engaged. But,” as if to guard against future misunderstandings, and again expressing her uppermost thought, "I cannot have a maid In my house who will not wear a cap and apron.” “Certainly,” this tall girl assented. "I am quite willing, to' wear them.” (Privately, Miss Betty expected to find the cap becoming.) "Are you sure you know wlial your duties will be? You have not lived out before?” Mrs Alien asked these ques tions with some hesitation. Site felt' as if she were prying into the affairs of an equal, instead of making necessary inquiries of a domestic. “No; I have not lived out before. But I am quite sure as to my duties, for.” she stopped, and then bravely threw; off her reserve—“for'we formerly kept ser vants ourselves. My father has had severe reverses. ; He hopes to r igh t him self, but the present need is urgent.'” (Xo, she would not reveal the secret about her mother.) “I have really chosen this, rather than the more remote success which might come if I tried to teach, or paint china, or do fancy work. It seemed to me the open doors hi this direction were more numerous." An other thought struck her, and she added: “I can refer you to my minister, the Kev. Mr Thome, of Beechhurst.” “Indeed: I know him," said Mi's Allen, her face lighting. “I have entertained him when here at great church gather ings. I am counted a cautious woman, but I do not think 1 need write to him. I will engage you gladly.” Then, with generous warmth: "You-are your own recommendation.” She startled because she was near putting “my dear” on the end of her sentence. It was very easy to say ‘my dear” to Betty Morrison.' That night Betty indulged in what she called “a 25-cent. extravagance.” She knew it would keep her'mother from lying awake, and this short message ewrit to Beechhurst :' "Engaged. Happy. Will write in a dayefy' two.” She never thought how it sounded, but the telegraph operator who received it won dered why .sucli .a girl-as Betty Morrison should send news of her engagement by telegram .' Being ari elderly, nian.■ lie mused on the forwardness of girls in these days; but being a faithful man. as became his position, he kept the Mrs AUm herself showed the new housemaid to her rooni. and Elizabeth's heart gave a great bound of relief. Her secret dread had been a rom shared with some other servant, and this one, though small, was comfortable and all her own. Her mistress also told her that she would take her meals by herself. Not till long afterward did she know that this was an unusual concession. Mrs Allen was kind-hearted and had resolved : “I must be careful not to spoil her: but I will try to make the situation tolerable, at least.” Meanwhile Betty mentally drew up a code of laws for her oivn guidance. There were certain points where she feared she might fail. The rules were informal, and ran something like this : "Mustn't carry a chip on my shoulder when with the servants. Ought to say 'other servants'; forgot I’m one also." Fortunately, I'm not very quick to take offence. “Must be'careful when waiting on the table not to appear interested in the conversation—never, never, to put l a word—!mml my own business, in It’s surprising how many proverbs fit n case. ' \ "Must never sit down In the drawing room, or in any room nearer the front , than the dining-room, and not In that if Mrs Allen is present. "Must never use the front stairs on m yovn errands. Must never go out or in at the front door. Remember. I’m a side-door girl now. Must remember that I’m to answer questions, and not to make conversa tion. Also, that self-respect isn't pride, and isn’t a matter of position. I don’t think I’ll forget that, though.” The family consisted of Mr and Mrs Allen and a son about It years old. There was an older son who was away at present, and, betwen these, the dear only daughter had died. "She would be about the same age as Elizabeth now,” Mrs Allen thought, as she looked at her housemaid’s trim youthfulness. The other servants were Xorafi, 'the cook ; Bridget, the “Madonna 'of the tubs,” and Tim, the smart young coach man, all from “the green isle over the After a week Mr Allen expressed his mind to Mrs Allen. "My dear, I’ve been watching the experiment of a lady-maid, rather than a lady's maid, and I think you've'found a treasure." “ ‘New brooms,’ you know,” was the cautious reply. “I’m trying not to re joice too soon.” “Well.” said Mr Allen, “it’s certainly refreshing to be served at table neatly. I rejoice in the negatives:—In what she does not do. She does not stick' her face Into mine when I give an order; she doesn’t put her hands on her hips and answer, ‘All right;’ she doesn’t cling to the back of my chair ,and when my soup comes in, I’m sure it isn’t flavored with her thumb.” “Horrid!” exclaimed Mrs Allen. “Horrid, certainly, but true with most of the green waitresses, and I don’t be lieve I'm over-fastidious, either.” “So far I’ve not a word of complaint.” said his wife. “The bric-a-brac hasn’t had an accident since she came. She handles it as if she loves it. Moreover, she does everything In a quiet, un affeetecb manner, and, .keeps her place admirably.” ... . “Taking about Elizabeth?” Jack bum blit, looking up from'his book.. “I think she’s jolly. Last night I was In fa tight place !ri my lessons. She caiite* | through the dining-room. I was study ing there. I s'pose she saw .1 iooke<* vexed, for she asked if she 'could hell* mo. Just a word or so, and she matter it all plain. . She said to ask her any time, and ra,going to.” “Not too much help, my.boy.” "No, sir; and she won’t give .it. She*! tioc that kind. She’d keep a fellow u!’ lo the. murk, just as she does her self." His father anti mother smiled to each other. Hetty \vrole home often—bright, cheery letters, not blinking the disagree— a!-’!e entirely, for she meant to be truth— fui. but honestly saying that her lifer was happier than she anticipated. She told them of the opportunities which het ":Uternoon outs” gave lier—opportuni ties which she made the most of—to visit, public, libraries, museums and picture galleries. - Fearing it would pain them*. she omit ted the amusing tale, how Tom, the coachman, tried to "make up" To. her,, anti had to be politely but firmly discouraged. Yet. without any seif-as sertion on her part, the servants accor ded her a certain distinction, .saying miss” unconsciously, and No rah was* her .staunch friend. "She hnz that, good-natured—always u» bit uv a kind vvor-rd when. ye*re tired, an' rm-bby offers to help with tho calses* an' custards."' This was an (Hitbu- rst of confidence to the ”misthres>.” which gladdened- the litter's heart. For or.ee, housekeeping was easy. . Betty wrote- to- "brother, Hanor,” qju> ' usual.; but,with van ibnpcgpt subterfuge. . . She sent .tfael jpttws 'honj.® under- a-noOkur cover, to be mailed from there* huh. Il»rry. did think she dealt, in geheralt— '■ tics, and was chary of home details. Mrs Alien entertained often, and now she meditated a. five o'clock tea. Long? before this she had found out that many* things might lx? trusted to BExabeth whic-h were foreign to the ordTnaary" housemaid's capacity. So r*c*w she asked her to write the. invitations, handing tv.-r a list of those to he -the* guests. Elizabeth glanced down, the* Hst. “Pardon me, Mrs Allen.’* That* lady looked up Inquiringly. With some hesitation. Elizabeth said ; ” l sec here a naro-e 1 know — Miss Katherine Mormon. . “Thank you, Elizabeth,” Mrs All’en re plied, “it is thoughtful of you. Miss Harmon is visiting in the city. You taichv J a.m to have an extra waitress forth** tea. I will arrange.it so that, she* shall serve in the room where Mias Har mon sits, aiid thus avoid any awkward ness to either of you. .. . ... .<•. , ‘T call that extraordinary good sensef' kits Allen said to her husband ttiiit> night, “Not. a word as to being embar rassed herself. She is certainly a very unselfish girl.” •. ■ . The months marched ort, till. ft. vftuj. the middle of June. A few; weeks mote* and the Allens would leave the city; Then- a letter came from Mr. Morrison* to his - daughter. • “Y'ou aie- tu comer home-at last—at last.-. There has-been a- most fortunate turn in my- affairs.. Harry graduates next week—\\\\*h.->t;.doqs n’t he owe to you: if he only knew-i-tt Tou must be here when.-, he-'awhresi*' This, followed hy more details. - •- . • • One. could. hardly.ssay that Betty was sorry - to go, yet she honestly; fnlt ’ she would not have that.experience omitted from her life. • ' - • ". “I shall he-a.better woman for it—si* more considerate woman, and it’svstfortli ever so much to 'be superior to. elrcum— stances.'' • |ft- •■?»#':. The Aliens, were' too noble to be- miser ly. of appreciation. -.. The’ master- of - the house said kind words, and Jack lamett ted openlyr -•• • -. s ■ - “I am glad d’oriyou ami sorry, for my self.” was his mother’s .expressed re grot... 'Y'ou have'added rnore.to tlviyhap-' piness Of our home:than-you tlveam: X shall always wonder now why. self-re specting American girls'who. need i t do. not' take your course;” •■. '••• :• . “All-/distresses might pot ive.+jo- con siderate as -you. have bfedn,” -was th*=t grateful answer.' Then Mrs'AHeri saldy “My deaf,” and 'kissed'-her. *■ ,m -' Harry’s eollege was- a long distance off. so- h'e, with one or-two'of his class;' had stayed for extra study through Bn* short vacations. Now'he-hUd graduated! with honor—his position fer next yetkiv was secure," at a good salary. ' -Howevtn*. much she wished it, Betty’s parents • would not-keep her- secret.' and Hawy' war told of his debt to her."' '•'• "*!v C It aits amusing, if was'"pat betid, .tho why he took it. ' ‘‘Oh! Betty,' how mean' of me*’1’ “Mean? Not at alh-you flitlirt-'fcndTr' It; how could you prevent It? I bod jolly time besides. Mrs——" _ '• “Stop!. Don’t .tell me her’ name >.. X might meet her some time, and teouldn’t,-; look her in the, face the ’woman you.' worked for!" .■ “You absurd boy-! Be sensible, Harry, it was the only .way. If you eoul^'JuKrw-j how. it. relieved .father. , 'Weic»rildh.’t-: foresee any better fortune ab«wi a^Che. time, and \yo all .expected^to livojm^wr, salary next year, -if you only graduated;. . properly”- — so. Betty solemnly averred.... “I think this is Teward :enough;;.; Xt re-r pays hie amply,”-and; she touche^, tlih'.' Phi Beta Kappa key which hung.frtpja..., his.watch- ribbon* • . v" , “You’re a darling!'.'. He gave her a ’fling hug. • "? '•There is a pretty sequel*ro the.story,.! and When tilings- do go right in this naughty world 'it seems best to; tell of' it-, if'only to spite tile' pessimists. A year from that summer Harry—Fxd-Y fessor Harry now—was coming home fbr the long vacation. He wrote that he had;' invited his best friend, his college chum; to join him in' a week or two, andmalce' an extended visit The young hiSiveainer and the days flew happily enough?" So happily, that shortly before ho was to depart, he had courage to ask Miss Bet ty ' the important question.-"Will you marry me?" '• And Betty gave, the’oddest, most in levant answer.. She tSlusheU. properly,' and looked improperly, arch." Then she. said, “Less than two years ago I.was a servant in your mother’s house. X. worked for her nine months.” In his surprise, lie blurted out the first- •• thing.that came into his head. “I dorfit believe it.” .. After, 'an iastant. “If you. were, I don't care, -please anx' swer me..” . • But Betty was firm. “Write to your mother first. When her reply cornea you shall have mine.” The next morning he brought his mother’s.letter, hope shining in his face-. For Mrs Allen wrote; “I knew whom you would meet when you went, my dear boy, but I thought,.'!1 will keep her secret.’ I .wanted you to see her with unprejudiced eyes, and i can truly say I know no girl I woultX more gladly welcome as my daughter than Elizabeth Morrison.” Then, of course, Miss Betty, said “Yes.’* —“New York Post.” The ghost of Wagner will haver over the Paris Exhibition of 1900,-says- an. English contemporary, anti grin hor ribly a jealous grin. One of the novol tie-s is to be a gigantic trumpet. This will measure three hundred feet in length. The blowing or the instrument will be done by machinery, and a pair of lips modelled after, those of a man will control the; volume of air that-will sweep .tornado-like.,through^ them into the' great horn. . Gigantic" bellows operated by electric engines will fur-* nlsh the stream of wind. 