SPIRlTUAIiISM EXPOSED. CONFESSIONS OF A "MEDIUM." ' flOV? SOME OF THE TRICKS ARB DONE. Henry B. Foulke, one of the best known spiritualists in America, has made a full and unreserved exposure of so-called spiritualism. He says the only true believers in modern spiritualistic materialisations are those who are willing to be deceived. He has assisted many prominent mediums in their manifestations, and this is what he says of them : In not one of them have I found even the slightest traces of sincerity. In no single instance have I known them to give their dupes and cus- tomers a single genuine manifesta- tion of anything even in the remo- test degree approaching what they teach as true spiritualism. Every one of their, tricks owes it origin to material means. . I, who have been their associate and " assistant, say this, and I know. They will not dare to contradict me. It is best- to state at once that of all methods of spiritualistic decep- tions, the "cabinet manifestations" have been found to be the easiest, the most convincing, and the most profitable fraud. Every spiritualistic medium owns a cabinet; it is one of the most essential tools of the trade. From this cabinet come spirits, spooks, or ghosts of departed dear ones-of mothers, fathers, sisters, wives, and little ones. The oppor- tunities to deceive the credulous are unlimited, and yet I shall show you how childishly simple is the trick. I have been chief spook at hundreds of seances. The requisites for a materialisation are a dark room, a still darker cabinet, plenty of white ghost-like material for a dress, a small quan- tity of luminous paint, and, most important of all, a credulous and easily deceived audience. The dupes are seated by the operator. They .must not stir or they will make the materialisation impossible. A fold of black cloth, perhaps five feet long and four feet wide, is thrown from the cabinet forward into the roora. One end is held within the cabinet at about two Or three feet above the floor, and from the extreme opposite edge, where it rests on the. floor, some white tulle is slowly thrust out, until there is enough to permit the "spirit," who by this time has crept out from the cabinet under the black cloth, and has been pushing put the white tulle before her until there is enough of it out to cover her head and shoulders, to arise swiftly and f;racefully, throw the dark cloth rom around Her, and appear to the bewildered assemblage of spiritual- ists as a beautiful apparition from the far spirit land. The dematerialisation is accom- plished by retiring back into the cabinet by the. same method. The assistant pulls the black cloth off from the spirit, and is supposed to replace it upon her when she dematerialises. I was the assistant to all the mediums who made a speciality of dematerialisation. . I have seen merely the white dress of a medium thrust out through the black folds of the front of the cabinet, the darkness preventing the audience from perceiving that there was. nobody in it, and then slowly withdrawn inch by inch into the black interior, giving the appearance of slowly fading away. This is really an artistic deception. Where illusory effects only are demanded-that is, where there is no possibility of those present wishing to touch the "spirit" and ask questions of it, a magic' lantern skilfully used can create some very lifelike deceptions. The same effect can be made by almost anybody with the correct apparatus; I remember reading of such a lantern being used to throw photographs upon the clouds on a certain day when they were low-lying. The principle is the same. The mysteri- ous apparition may also begin with the exposure of a spot of luminous paint on the black cloth, above which the head gradually appears as if it were growing from the luminous centre. Materialising is easy enough-any one can become a materialising medium. But dematerialising is not so easy. When the average person, no matter whether or not he or she is a believer in spiritualism, in a darkened room sees what is appar- ently, a white spot on the floor grow larger and larger until a shadowy form apparently rises from the floor beside him, and then disappears as mysteriously as it made its appear- ance, he is liable to be seriously troubled in his mind TIS to whether or not there may not be some found- ation for a belief in spiritualism after all. . It is, of course, often desirable to convince an audience that the medium can take no physical part in the materialisation, spirit-rapping, or other spiritualistic manifestations. This is done by a very simple trick. The medium's hands are tied behind his back. But they are always tied with what is known as a " medium's knot." / He may be tied in various places, but the "medium's knot" is always employed. The spiritualistic fakers are as expert in the tying and untying of knots as are able seamen. To make the test even more impres- sive the medium is often carefully handcuffed and the keyhole of the shackles sealed up with painstaking labour. To explain this very con- vincing spectacle, I have shown a facture of a trick handcuff with its alse bolt. One of the most striking spiritual- istic manifestations ever produced is what is known as " the touch of the hand of the dead." To produce this two or three kid gloves are stuffed full of sawdust and laid on a cake of ice until they become cold and clammy, as the hands of a corpse. Armed with one of these, the spirit is able to touch the cheek or fore- head, or even grasp the hand, of a believer, and leave such a lasting impression of realism as will never ' be forgotten. "The touch of the angel's wing" is is an almost equally impressive "effect." This is produced by the spook, who holds a long feather between his teeth and swishes the air, making a "gentle noise. At the same time one of the confederates remarks solemnly, " Hush ! I think I hear the swish of an angel's wing 1" In order to convince the believers, the wing touches one or two of them lightly on the ear or forehead. The conversation of the medium should deceive no intelligent man. I have never known a medium to give a direct answer to a question, unless he or she had been thoroughly primed beforehand. Very often per- sistence in putting direct questions will cause the spirit to utter a cry of pain. An old gentleman in the audi- ence is usually prompted to ask if that is not his angel wife. Then he receives an affirmative answer. Slate writing is a simple fraud. I am as good a slate writer as most mediums. Nothing ever appears on a slate which has not been held under the table by a medium, except when he substitutes another already prepared. The victim is not allowed to look under the table. In all cases where such writing is obtained, the medium looks down at the slate long enough to read it. _ In no case is any direct answer obtained, except where the medium knows the reply, and in no case does the answer ever show any higher intelligence than that of the medium. In all cases where pertinent answers have been ob- tained from the average slate-writ- ing mediums, it can be safely asserted that that medium has had some prior, knowledge of the person ask- ing tho question-either personally or through a second party. The wonderful results which spiritualists claimed to have attained from slate writing will one and all be found to have occurred with " true believers " only-steady, day-after-day patrons of particular mediums. Under such conditions it would be wonderful, indeed, if the medium did not, after a while, gain some knowledge of the personal affairs of the dupe. The ordinary spirit-rapping can be dismissed with a few words. It was demonstrated years ago how it is possible for anyone to crack the joints of some particular portion of the body so as to produce the noises attributed to the spirits. In one notorious case it was the joint of the great toe on her right foot of which the medium made the most use. In all other cases where rap1 pings are heard in the presence of the medium, but outside of the room or house, a confederate is used: Mechanical means only are used. I am a pretty fair spirit-rapper my- self. À few skilled mediums have provided themselves with mechani- cal appliances, which have produced profound mystery among investi- gators, and have settled any doubts in the minds of sceptics. Perhaps the rapping and talking table is as good an illustration as any which comes to mind now. A medium sitting at this table can produce " spirit manifestations " which will puzzle the most intelli- gent sceptic or disbeliever. This table is an ingenious electrical arrangement. A battery is concealed in the superstructure at the joining of the legs. The circuit passes through an electric magnet at the top or the table, which is hollow, with a very thin flexible cover. Around the outer edge of the cover runs a flat metallic circle, connected with one pole of the battery, and below this at a short distance con- nected with the other pole is a toothed circle. When the table is lightly touched the two circles come in contact, the circuit is closed, and the electric magnet makes a sharp rap below the table. When the hand is removed and the circuit broken another rap is given. If the hand is run lightly over the table's surface, the circuit being successively closed and broken, produces a number of quick raps. WOMEN WHO NEVER . SEE DAY- LIGHT. - Our . almost emancipated sisters will read with horror the piquant account of the ' eternal feminine question as understood in Corea. Mrs. Bishop's book, lately published, provides some capital reading. They have a curious sort of curfew law in Seoul, the Corean capital, the operation of which is thus described by Mrs. Bishop : " About 8 o'clock the great bell tolled a signal for men to retire into their houses, and for women to come out and amuse themselves, and visit their friends. The rule which clears the streets of men occasionally lapses, and then some incident occurs which causes it to be rigorously re-enforced. So it was at the time of my arrival, and the pitch dark streets presented the singular spectacle of being ten- anted solely by bodies of women with servants carrying lanterns. From its operation were exempted blind men, officials, foreigners' ser- vants, and persons carrying prescrip- tions to the druggists. These were often forged for the purpose of escape from durance vile, and a few people got long staffs and personated blind men. At 12 the bell again boomed, women retired and men were at liberty to go abroad. A lady of high position told me that she had never seen the streets of Seoul by daylight. A CHURCH ON WHEELS.-Cathedrals on wheels are not unknown in America. Some years ago the energetic Bishop Walker of North Dakota had a massive one erected. This was practically a Pullman car, measuring 60ft in length, and fitted with chancel, altar, lectern, and font, with transept and organ. Others have since been built, But the most recent one is fitted with a collapsible steamer, which is lowered like the funnel of a steamer when approaching a bridge. This movable church cose nearly £1500, and is used in visiting I the scattered population. J 