REB MOSHEH ON EREV SHABBOS. A Parody. By fiABBi L. Weiss. The sun in the heavens shone, bnlliant and clear, One Friday morning— when Shabhos drew near The streets they were crowded with Jews good and true ? * 11 a In markets and stores, the mezvmen fastly tlew. Ta m» man. Eeb Mosheh- for that was his name— . All seemed but gloomy, where he went, whence he came! , He roved through alleys, he passed every street, Trying hard to get but bread enough to eat. All bakers, and butchers, he saw, but m ?vain : -?? ja, mix wird geborgt teut,' they one* with disdain. Eeb Mosheh was crueh'd, and his he^rt, it was sore ; ' What other Yehudi could yet he implore ? Ihe traifener Katzev— wiled Yossef— he guess d. That poor Eeb Moshuh must have been distres d ? 'Was feUt euoh, Bel MoseheM' he 'cordmgly cried, , „ . ,,, . , .. , ' Ach vou cannot help me,'-! Reb Mosheh replied. «? Can' nobody help you ?' the Katzey inquired, ' I see you are worried, weary and tired.' 'Ah yes ' said the poor man, in tones of despair. » The Shabbos is coming— I've bee^ everywhere— I've seen all Yehudim, the pious, the good, But none want to loan me, or trust me with food ; My wife and my children have nothing to eat, We have for the Shabbos no brerd and no meat.' « My meat is not Kosher— they call mea Goy— Or else 1 would give you enough to enjoy, \- ... ? Said Yossef, ' but this hide is worth a good deal, ? Now, take it and sell it— you good old Sklemtel ; And buy yourself meat, and a berchesle, too, ' Have OhdlletKDd Kvgrl. like many good Jew. If money is left yet— well, keep it tor trade, \- For money can only with money be made. r. ? Away skipped Reb Mosheh, and did as was told, ; In very short notice that hide he had sold ; ' He bought all he needed— no more wad he sad, 1 And— wermir doeh gut's gornt /—what a Shabbos he had ! , . . , _ ? Besides a few shtiebers to start him in trade, ? And, really thereafter a good living he made. : It seemed that the groschen wit ehaa J-r was sweet, For all obligations he promptly could meet ; . . . His wife and his children he dress d oommeil faut, -? He had no more dallas thereafter— Oli, no ! * # * ? Years have gone by, and Reb Moshe'- had slept The sleep where the angels ljng their vigils have kept, ''When Yossef, the Katzev, too, gave up the ghost, Ascending the river to 'a heavenly coast. The court was in session, where God sits as judge, ' Where no man is sentenced by favor or grudge ; . 1 Exploit is the witness— no lawyer will do— The Gentile is tried the some as the Jew. Poor Yossef, he felt like a sinner in mood, As trembling before the great judgment he stood ; There was old Gabriel, with scales in his hand, The 'rairos and mitzvos to weigh at command. '? Poor'Yossef, he listened, with soul sore and sad, No S7iabbashe had kept 1 mitzvos he had ! The scale with the 'vairos went down, but the one Containing the mitzvos, of weight it had none : The judge was preparing his doom to decide, When yonder came Turning a man with a hide Crying, 'Great Justice! 0, wait! I come rather late, But coming, 1 must— and I come now— wait ! wait ! The hide hie had thrown on the scale that was high, ??*?' And up sprang the lower a3 light as a fly ; ?'.:?? This was the hide that once Yossef had given To the po'? Reb Mosheh whose heart was nigh riven, No letters were on it, no sign it contained, Its record, however, the yict'ry had gained ; Eeb Mosheh was bid all Faf eh to guide ?? ?; Goy Yossef to Edm—he knew yet the hide. The two men depaitrd with steps- light '-ind -jay, In Gan Ea,en to tarry as neighbors, for aye ; There keeping the Shabbos with holiest joy, The fromme Yehudi and Yossef the Goy. . . 