The Storyteller. THE BRASS-BOUND CHEST. CHAPTER t * . Flakes ot snow were hurrying tli rough ttie air and failing on the •chrysanthemums and faded hydrangeas in the garden at Fendaii Court. Snow was a rarity in this humid, mild Sou th-of-Ireland climate, and the feathery atoms fettered about as if all astray, and seemed as shy of lighting on the trembling last tokens of the autumn as the frost-touched flowers were lcth to receive them. A bright pair of eyes watched the gathering storm from a. window set <|eep in the stone wall of the house. Though Gladys Luttrell was eighteen years old, the sight of the falliag snow was still fascinating to her. •« I will go out and make a pile of , snowballs to ; attack Hex as; he * ~\fcof»es. through the gate! 'fWhat t fun. I" she exclaimed, flying away to her little room to makeready for the adventure. One farewell glance in her mirror showed her bright grey-blue eyes sparkling with pleasure, the delicate colour ot her cheeks heightened to . a rich bloom, and her gold-brown hair strayng in ravishing little curls and tendrils beneath her 1 iur cap. With her lovely fresh fece to glorify it, her dress, with its many undisguised "dams, seemed the perfection of a costume. As she left the room she picked up from ttie sofa a little muff made of a pheasant's breast, and pressed it to her lips. The /foolish, little girl frequently wasted a kiss on this muff, for Rex had shot the pheasant to make it for Iher, and had had it lined with sou white rabbit-skin. A trimming of pheasants' feathers adorned the tight-titting jacket siic wore, and concealed all the shabby edges, giv- . ing her quite the air ot a Russian princess—so Gladys said. She hurried down the stairs, and . out into the long winding avenue, amid the line old trees of which &he; soon vanished. — « Well aimed you saucy minx !" presently exclaimed a clear fresh voice J and Rex FeiMjall stopped for r "Stone Hens guibding the gateway toget rid of a liberal handful of saciw which some rosy lingers had sent flying down the back of his neck. You shall pay a penalty for that, miss, when I have had time to thmk of the punishment I can inflict." • " Rex, your laugh is only on ybur lips, and your eyes are quite sad ;; what is the matter, dear ? " Gladys asked, letting the remainder of her snowballs tall unheeded upon the j grouiAi. 41 Before you saw me 1 noticed how serious you looked.** * "You are right, Gladys. 1 have have got the very bluest kind' of blues, and since you have surprised part of my secret I may as well tell vou all." * Gladys's arm stole through her lover's, and together they began slowly retracing their steps to the ! house, Gladys burying both bands in her muff and fixing her eyes sorrowfully on the road. Rex began Three months ago a fellow in Rockdale told me a story; upon. which I was fool enough to i rebuild all jpy half-dead hopes. He ; • said that he had received through a friend in America news which he thought would prove to a certainty the death ot Herbert Fendall. 1 investigated the matter eagerly and' less and visional^ as the thousand and one others which have misled us. I made a solemn vow to myself Itiat, if this last quest ended in nothing, 1 would abandon all hope of seeing myself righted in this country, and would seek a new career for myself. 1 am going to Australia." "Oh, Rex!" If tLe young man had declared that he was going to take his own lite, Giadys could not have exhibited more distress. " And you could go all that long journey away from me ?" she said reproachfully. ** Gladys, don't make it harder for me than it already is ! " exclaimed Rex, wilb a catch in his voice. My da» ling, it is for your good that I go ! We can never many on the miserable pittance that I get here, whereas in Australia I could in a few years make enough to buj the dear Jjttle cottage we so often talk about, a.»d yon could have the pair of pontes Willi rough tails and manes which you declare you dream of so frequently." "Or perhaps, if you made a fortune, we could, continue to live at Fendall Court, restoring only a little of it, you know," said Gladys, entering into the spirit of her lover's project with surprising briskness,, considering her despair of the moment before. The dear old place! How I should like to restore a little of its* past glory to it I But I am afraid that will never be," Rex remarked, with a regretful sigh. Rex, do you .know that New Year's Eve is close at hand, and we are downcast and forlorn ? It is really very wicked net to have a smile for the last days of the old year," declared Gladys. , u Your eyes are full of tears as you speak, you little humbug !" declared her lover, regarding her tenderly. ** Because I think of your going so far.across .the sea. Oh, Rex, Rex, ii is dreadful"! I" should never have: the courage,; to part with you when the time came, you dear old boy," " It will not come for three months yet j the spring is* the" best time to start on such a journey." " Three months ! That seems a long time. Perhaps something will happen before then to make you change your mind." w Yoa old grey walls, why will you not tell your secret, and let me stay with my daiHngGlad vs, my promised wife ?*" exclaimed the youtig man, suddenly raising his ckn hed 1 st towards the ivy-grown windows of the south wing o[ Feudal! Court, now visible through the trees. " Hush Rex dear," Gladys whispered in ' awe-struck tones. " In that, room where the ivy hangs thickest over the wituicn Herbert Fendall was seen for the Sas.t time. His ghost will haunt you ;f vou talk and look so." 4 1 wish I couid see his ^ ;->st, and then I should know for surf ihat he had departed this life," " You could not make the lawyeis believe in your ghost-story ; ».y cioic than in the other more -trobable tales you have told them.' 7 "True—alas ! too true.' acknow leged Rex,. " '-sffow, .Rex, let us gst doleful thoughts out of our heads, U v a time, and try to be cheerful for Eve—for Aunt Letitia's w Year's ke, and because it is right," Gladys s.iir*, with an attempt at cheerfulness tiie was far fro'm feeling. . CHAPTER II. Touii ts on jaunting CH» . 1 trcasion ally drove through the'd: i.„esne of Fendall Court in 'the aud summer; its long sweep ~>" avenue with overarching trees and the wilderness of greenery beyCiie proved a strong temptation to le^ve. the dusty highway ; aud old Tatbury, the gatekeeper, had orders to ailow any respectable-looking ( v5®tficle to enter. "What possibilities .there'are in the place, with proper ca re ; but it would take a fortune to put it in o.der 1 See that beautiful sweep of lawn—a rank wilderness I Lo >k at the statues, broken and weed-grown. And the lake is nothing b -t a vast green waste* It gives one the shivers to look at it! " " True for 5 T ou, your honour—it is but a soriy place now ; butiive-andtwenty years ago, when I was a lad, the«-e was not a liner or better-kept estate in all the country round." The house is vacant, of course ? " " No, your honour. Some of the Fendalls still live therej but they have now only ha'pepefc where they once had guineas and they can make but a sorry hght against the wrack and ruin about them." " I am sure that the place has a history !" It has, your honour." 1 Relate it, Patsy; you are, without doubt, a good stoi ytt-ller—your face shows as much.". ' Convocation of this sort took place between a cardrirer and his fare whenever a stranger was taken turotigh the estate and Patsy, a renowned whip of the locality, was in his element when asked to tell the story of Fendall Court. Unlike most of his class, he held strictly to facts, and alio wed his imagination 110 play in his simple recital. " Thirty years ago, y«ur honour," he would begin, " yonder house was the scene of merrymakings and festivals such as are told of ia fairy stories; every horse in the stables had a pedigree, the fctliic groaned with dainties from foreign parts, and the ladies had their satiu gowns over from London and Paris. '' Sir/Herbert Fendall, a bachelor of four-and-twenty, was lord of the manor then. 'A fine handsome man he was, but rather strange in himself —not like other folk - and they do say that the poetry he wrote would just bring teats to your eyes. Sure every girl in the county would have given her two eyes for a smile from him, but never a one would he look at except Lady Irmentrude Mowbray. She was staying at the Court, and you may well say that she was a real beanty—looked like the young lady, Miss Luttrell, that's living at Fendall now, so Molly Brady says. Their families were related, so that is not surprirfog The housekeeper once showed me Lady Irmentrude's picture in the bigdrawingroom—vou see two of its windows over there, looking to the west—and, faith, sir, I never see such a sight! Her eyes smile right down on you, and you'd think the sun itself was caught in her gold-brown hair,w : hile her white neck, coming up .out of. .her green gown, looks just like' one of them lilies in its green leaves. * " Well, sir, it was plain to be seen that she would marry Sir Herbert; fond enough they were of each other, and a fine, well-matched pair they were. So it went on till Christmas time, when there was a great fox hunt. AH the'quality from the Court followed the hounds,~ with crowds of people from all the country round. Ah, your honour, that was a sight for sore eyes ! It's well I remember it, though' I was but a bit of a gossoon then. Sir Herbert rode close at Lady Irmentrude's side, and handsome enough tliey both looked on their line blooded horses. Not much of the hunt did they see, I am thinking, for the looked only at each other ! Well, sir, after the hunt there was a great ball in the evening. When it was time to dress, Sir Herbert went up to his own rooms, and if you bel'eve me, from that time— now thirty years ago—till this he was never seen or heard of. Oh. but that was a sore time for Fendall,! And long and weary was the search chey made for him all through the country, but never a trace could they find of him, and Heaven only knows what has become of the lord of Fendall! ., ." Poor Lady Irmentrude, she grew whiter and thinner every day, t3I she looked like one of them lilies, thirsty for a drop oi rain ! Many a year she fought with the bitter sorrow in her heart, hoping always that Sir Herbert vou'd come back, but at last she went into a convent, and died ten years since. May her soul rest in pea-,;e ! • - " Well, as you may suppose, sir, there was great talk in the county about what should be done ^itiji the Court They could not be sure that Sir Herbert was dead, and so of course the next heir could not have it, and at last the lawyers put the case in Chancery, where it is to this day. " Maurice Fendall—he was the next heir and Sir Herbert's uncle—- came to live at the Court, but he could not take the title, and never a penr.y could he spend of the rents, even to keep up the place, so it has gone to wrack aud ruin—a sore sight after the grand old place of long ago 3 " Maurice Fendall died, and left a son—Mr. Bex—as fine a young man as you will find anywhere. With the help of Go<2, maybe .he will com into his rights sooner or later, but sure itjp hard on him to know that while many's the time he has not a five-pound note in his pocket ihere are tliousandsl^belongiiSg to him in the bank if could be proved that Sir Herbert was dead and had left no children. " Mr. Rex's aunt. Miss Letitia Fendaii, lives at the old house with one or two servants, where in old times there were twenty. She has a little bit of money of, her own, and it is well she has, for times are hard with them. There is a beautiful young lady living with her—Miss Gladys Luttrell—maybe you'll remember, sir, I told you she looked like Lady Irmentrude's picture ? Rex is in an office in Dublin, but comes home sometimes. They do say he is in love with Miss Gladys, but sure people cannot many on love alone—and there is not much else for them now. [To be Continued-3 " Caa dogs find dieir way home from a distance ? " is a question frequently asked. A New York paper answers die query thus— " it's according to the dqg- If it'a one you want to get rid ot, hell find his way back from Ca'i f onua, and come up wagging fis tail and smiling. If it's a good one, he's apt to get iosi.if he goes around the comer." 