THE LIGHT THAT OAST NO SHADOW. CuBious stories ore told about the powers pos- sessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mouptains. These old men it is said, have devoted scores of years to the , study of natural laws and forces, which the vest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the " adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of Unding out the secret of their remarkable perform- ances. They treated bim rather scurvily. but in- terested him all the same. One day the pro- fessor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was as dark as the bottom of a well. " I can't see to read, here," said the visitor. " Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor, says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it caine, but he noticed that it had one strange quality-it cast not the slighest sfindow. This a story hurd to behove, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high charhctei, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed ut the account of the, Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. " A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example : \"ln the spring of 1888," writes our correspon- dent, " I fell into a low, weak, and languid state, I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later'on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on 1 continued in this way for two jrears, nothing that I took re- lieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief; my food digested, and gradually nil nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any con- fidence in this medicine, never having used it or I seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for whioh I thank Mother's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem ita duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birming- ham, June 8th, 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments ure but symp- toms, forms, or phases of that universal disease indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes whore illness and pain had'cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by enger witnesses. One of the most violent storms ever ex- perienced in this district occurred on Sunday night last. Throughout Sunday rain fell ia torrents, and the wind blew with terrific force, increasing in velocity at night, with the result that verandahs and outbuildings in various parts of the town were carried away Trees were torn up by the roots, and green crops, just ready for cutting, were con- siderably damaged. George's River rose rapidly, and the lowlands surrounding Haigh's Woolscouring Works were sub- merged, the water finding its way to some of the buildings. The Cabramatta Creek over- flowed, causing considerable damage to vine- yards and farms along the banks, and flooding a large portion of Warwick Farm. At Moorbank several horses turned out on the previous night to graze by a travelling showman were drowned, one animal being rescued with considerable difficulty. Persons residing close to Clinch's Pond, which over- flowed, had their premises surrounded with water and in danger of being submerged. Fine weather prevailed early on Monday, and the flood waters receded rapidly. During the afternoon a thunderstorm occurred and rain fell in torrents for a oouple of hours. Macquarie-street and the vicinity of the Royal Hotel were flooded. Reports from the surrounding district show that the effects of the storms were exceptionally severe, and it is feared that the grape and other crops have boen partially destroyed. A FORTUNE TO BE MADE. Wanted at once, in every locality, an in- telligent person to aob as our Agent. No special knowledge required, and without interfering with present occupation. Au excellent opportunity for a oapable young mau or lady.-Address, Morse Manufactur- ing Company, 3, Red Lion Court, Loudon, E.G. 