Town and District News of the Week. ?ore Free Trade.— In a few day. more . thopMple of .New South Wale will have rccilvcd another instalment of free trade. ?„ On 1st July furiher.reduoilons of duties will take place 'ai follows : — R»w sugar from 4/ to 3/- ptrowt., refine j sugar from B/-I to 4/ per owt.,~ ninliuH anil treacle from 2/8 to 2/ per owUi.buoultB from lil tit &-l per lb., citn* fectlonery from 2d to Id per Ib., fruits (dried and candied) (roth 2il to Id per lb., jams and jellies from Id to jd per lb., arid ^preserves arid canned fruhs from ltl -to ? Jd ?:'ptr1b. ' ? ? for Consnmntife Cooolis take Wood's ' Hroat Peppermint Cure, 1/6 nnd 2/8.— Ad. '''? Family Love* — A unique series of wed : dings took place at Adelong in the Catholic ?Church recently; when the Misses Hoffman (three) were 'married to three brothers named Qninn. 1*0 of the 'brothers who wcro Imarrled Were twins, and also two nf the sisters: ' One 'other brother of tho Quinn family is already married to a sister of tho Hoffnwon: This is not the first incident of the kind that had its origin In Adelong, and no doubt Iho item will not cscapo the notice of the BuUtHtt. An intercatlu(( gcncalogici1 tree aliouldspring from these unions, nnd a strong Qu!nn .dim . will, hold tho , Adding redbiibtsinyoan to come. Tliero must be someth!ng.pootjliarly. attractive on both|sides of tho contract, . and so long as tho right Quinn was married to the right Hoffman thfrewili.be, nothing startling beyond the bare coincidence. * ? For Bronchial Conijhs tako Wood's Great ' PeppBrmiiitCuro, 1/6 and 2/6-Ad. Outside. Advice.— In the last issue of the OaOatic = Frew appears the following :— ' There is some lalk of a big man going to Gundagai. He would not have the ghost of a show there. If the Gumlagnl peoplo want a «ood fofleraliit, ono wlio has worked hard for tho ojiu'so, ami a mall with intelligence above that of the ordinary monitor, they should elect Mr. Sibthorpf . Tho ' big men' can be bettor etnployod than In going to Ouudagal.' Now it so appears that the editor ol the Catholic Pros, whilst a resident of Gundagai, lionised these so called ' big men from- the city,' and reforrod with sickening frequency to tho necessity fnr this constituency bsing represented by some such person. But the writer's projections have apparently undergone groat changes, and Gundagai is not now lonkod upon as the '* greenest spot in tho land,' as was the case about the year 1B0O. As to tho references to Mr. Sibthorpe, the latter if he finally decides to go to iho poll for this seat, should do so as the outcome of having reckoned up his own chances of success. Ho should not be pushed bllnufolneS by a city scribe 300 miles away from tho ccene of action. Wo havo never yet been guilty of advising any mad to spend his money in the pursuit of a seat in 1'arliu ment. tiince people must spend their own money in such a purpose, they should be guided simply by their own estimates of success. Mr. Sibthorpo is a hfghly popular resident, and should ho bo anccenftil in pro ducing a Iicilthy change in the character c! our representation in Parliament we would greet such with pleasure. But Gundagai has not yet descended to the plane by which a city scribe can for eve.' pnso as our dictator, and it would not sur prise us if the over confident nasortion of the editor of the Catholic P|'«1 that ' no leading politician would think nf coining to Uun dngai' received a rude shock. Your Chemist keeps Wood's Groat I'onpcr inint Cure for Coughs and Colds, I/O and 2/0. —Ad. ; ' A Sale.— E. «. Cuotto and Co., report a successful sale of fat cattle at their sale on Saturday last, prices realized being satis factory. . ' Colemnn'sBuenlypte Extract The purest Eucalyptc on earth Lord Carrington's Friend in INFLUENZA. The world's remedy for chert complaints. Tho ' cold' cure nf Earl Jersey's. But note well Euoalypte not Eucalypti. 