COUJtfTHY fl£W0, For a few nights past residents near the Bendigo Hospital, particularly women and children, have been scared by the masquerading of some idiot as a "ghost," and several parties of young men have been on the "ghost's" trail. On Sunday evening last some of those on the watch heard piercing screams, and immediately a young lady ran among them and fainted. Hurriedly proceeding to the direction whence the screams had come, they saw a form got up in "ghostly" garments flying down the street. One of the. party, who was armed' with a-gun, fired both barrels at the "ghost," who left the street and jumped over a fence. In doing so he left behind him his white covering, which proved to be a long piece of white muslin, similar to that used in hospitals. The muslin showed signs of having been perforated with shot, but a careful search revealed no signs of blood. The individual, however, managed to es cape. A young man named Charles Hoffsiede, a resident of Wendouree parade, was treated at the Ballarat Hospital on Saturday for a lacerated wound of the toes of his left foot, sustained whilst choODing wood. ( On Saturday a swagman named Chas. /' Lovell was admitted to the Bchuca Hos- pital, suffering from a general break-up and exposure. On Saturday evening he died. On being admitted, he told the matron that he had no money but 2g y and some odd pence, which he handed to her. On his death, in his swag was found a Savin gt?' Bank book, showing that lie had LU7 in the Moama office. A deposit receipt for L780 on the defunct Anglo-Australian Bank was also found. He was a comparative stranger in the district. On the 26th ulit. a middle aged woman named Kew, who has been under the medical treatment of Dr Hayes for some time, wandered from her home into the bush, two miles from Warragul. The police made a search for her, and, after some hours, discovered her wandering aimlessly along the edge of a gully, with no covering on her head. A young man, named Frank Toung, was charged at Yarrawonga on Mon day last with illegally detaining a horse, the property of James Mallows, farmer. Wilby pleaded guilty, and was fined L5, or one month's imprisonment. The fine was paid. In connection with the discovery of human remains in the bush, near Yan kee Creek, Bendigo, the police have been making diligent search, and have found in a tree, near where they were found, several marks of a gunshot. Mr T. Crowley, Healesville, whilst cart ing in a load of heavy timber a few days ago, had occasion to put on the brake. In doing so his foot slipped, and he fell. The hind wheel of the heavy waggon passed right over the foot, which was much bruised. An old miner, named Henry Conduit, of Ararat, was being hauled up the shaft, when the rope broke and he fell to the bottom, a distance of 20 feet. He sus tained a fracture of the thigh and other injuries, and was taken to the hospital, where he is in a precarious slate. On Saturday afternoon at about five o'clock, John Poole, of Outtrim, 81 years of age, attempted to commit suicide by cutting his throat with a blunt butcher's knife. The wound is about 4 inches long, and necessitated 11 stitches being inserted. Little hope is expressed of his recovery. The Rev. J. A. So per, pastor of the Dawson street Baptist Church, Ballarat, met with a serious accident last Satur day afternoon while bicycling in the neighborhood of the Gong Gong reser voir. He was riding homewards over an unprotected bridge spanning the Leigh Creek, in the Bungaree shire, when he lost control of his bicycle, which carried sjiin> hgafilong off the bridge into the which was run- ning swiftly after the recent rains. The rev. gentleman, who was formerly sta tioned in one of the suburbs of Sydney, was rescued in an unconscious and half drowned condition by a passer by. Dr Pinnock, of Ballarat, who was sent for, found on arrival that Mr So per had sus tained concussion of the brain and a severe shaking. He regained conscious ness after some time, and, although very weak, is progressing favorably, but it will be some time before he will be able to resume his ministerial duties. It is con sidered a wonder that Mr Soper escaped drowning. A fortunate escape from what might have been a serious accident (writes the Creswick correspondent of the Ballarat "Courier") occurred at the New Nug- getty Gully mine on 25th ult. The man ager, Mr Hocking, was waiting on the brace for the cage to ascend the shaft, in order that he might go below. The driver set the engine in motion, but the cage and large tank of water broke from the rope, the cage falling back into the well. The brass pin that held the buckling of the safety appliance to gether either snapped or fell out of its socket. Had this happened when the cage, with the manager in it, had been some distance down the shaft, the re sult would, doubtless, have been fatal. It took some time to make good the damaene. 