Photographing the Invisible. A WONDROUS DEVELOPMENT (From the Saturday ' Review.' We are still mystery-loving enough to be roused toe state of interest by aDy tangible manifestation of the invisible, especially when it conies to us under scientific authority. A curiosity of nature was awakened by Dr. Russell's ' Experiments on the stances on a Photographic Plate.' ns the dry title has it ; aud this curiosiiy has received an additional stimulus from the further researches which lie expounded to the Royal Society in the Bakerian lecture in March. The title of the lecture might almost have been ' the catching of invisible vapours, and the manufacture and photography of ghosts.' For although this advanced photography is quite a piece of latter day science, yet there clings about these experiments with invisible vapours given oft' from newpupprs, metals, pillboxes, wood, and a thousand diverse substances, an air of medireval romance wafted from the days of Albeitus Magnus. It 'is prohaMy within the recollection of most of us that Dr. Russell discovered tliat an enormous variety of substances with capable* of giving a permanent record nf their surfaces on a photographic pl.ite when they were placed in contact wiih it and left for sonic time in the dark. Bat there was no definite explanation of the cause of this, Why should a piece of wood a hundred years old or a newspaper cutting, or a polished sheet of zinc, photograph itself in this vvuy ? Tbe reply is at last forthcoming — each of theso substances gives off its own particular vapour, presumably in ihn form of a gas, and this vnpour can net upon the silver salts in tlic sensitive; plate in precisely the same manr.or as light itself. The manufacture of ghosts lends additional proof to the vapour theory. A sheet of polished zinc is cut into some shape, say that of a ghost (tra ditional form), and is placed in contact with a piece of white cardboard for some time ; the zinc is then removed, and the- cardboard tied up with a photographic plate, When the plate comes to be developed there appears a black ghost on a white background. Whilst the zinc and cardboard wore together the zinc vapour has been entering the pores of the card, so that to oil appearance as blank as before, there is, in reality, a ghost depicted in it zinc vapour, aud this ghOBt can be made visible only by tho photographic means described above. It is too early to arrive at any -final conclusion about thp.se things, but we shall almost certainly have to- revo lutionise our ideas about vapours in general. We are not all used to think of nickel, zicc, and aluminium ae each giving off the vapour of its particular , metal at ordinary temperatures; still less can we at present realise the calm manner in which these emissions stalk through sheets of gelatinn and cellu loid as though there were nothing there. But the facts remain and ' constitute one of the most curious developments , of science that has ever occurred for a ' long time, 