Jimmy Goggles the God. By H. G. WELLS, Author of ' War of the Worlds,' 'The Island! of Moreau,' 'The Time Ma . chiue,' &c.;,. &c.; \- ,_. „,„... 'It isn't everyone who's been a ,#-$-' eaid the sunburnt mari. 'But it sj 'toaP: pened to me, amoftst other things. . .^j : 1 intimated my sense of his condesce/iT sion. ' -- ' 'It don't leave much for ambition, does it?' said the sunburnt man. '1 was one of those men who were saved from the ?Ocean Pioneer.' Gummy! How time flies! Jt'd twenty years ago. ] doubt if . you'll remember anything of the 'Ocean A. JUILCCl The name was familiar, and I tried to recall when and where I. had read it. The 'Ocean Pioneer ''.' 'Sometning about gold dust,' I said vaguely, 'but the pre cise ? ' 'That's it,' he said 'In a beastly little channel she hadn't no business- in— dodg- ing pirates. It was before they'd put the JlyUosli on that business. And tliere'd ibeen volcanoes or something, and all the rocks was wrong. There's places about by Soomi where you fair have to follow the irocks about to sceN where they're going anext. Down site went in twenty fathom.* before you could have dealt fop whist, with fifty thousand pounds' worth of sold aboard, it was said, in one form or ano ther ? ' ''Survivors?'' ''Three.' 'I remember the case now,' T said. 'There was something1 about salvage — ' But at the word salvage the .sunburnt man exploded into language so extraordi narily horrible that 1 stopped aghast. \\\a came down to more ordinary swearing and pulled himself up abruptly. ** 'Jixeiihe me, ' he said, 'but salvage!' lie k'.tnt over towards me. 'I was in that job,' he said. 'Tried to make; niyeclf a rich man, and got made a god instead. I've got my feelings.' 'It aim all jam being a god,' said ihe sunburnt man, and for some time con versed by means of sucli pithy but impro givssivo axiom*. At last lie took up his lale again. ?'There was me,' said the sunburnt mm, 'and a -eanian' named .Jacobs, and Always, the male of the 'Ocean Pioneer.' And him it was that set the whole thing going. [ remember him now, when we was in the jolly boal, suggesting it all to our minds just by one .sentence, lie w,i-- ;i wunder ful hand at suggesting things. 'There wa? forty thousand pounds,' he said, ' on that ship, and it's for me to say just where she .ivent down.' ''It didn't need much brains to tumble to thai. And he was the leader from tin1 Hirst to the last, lie got hold of the fcvin Iderse-* und 'tlitir brig, they were brothers, and i lie brig was ihi» ? Pride of Banya ;' iand ho it was boi'ght the diving dress — a Behindhand one wiih a compressed .nil- ap paratus instead u( tubes anil pumping. 5i-?'d have -lone tin- diving, too, if it Hudu't made him sick— as it does many people -going down. And the .-.alv.-ige *-t*ople were muiking about with a c'hart me'd --ooked up, as .solemn as could be. at Starr Itace. 1:20 miles away. ' I can tell you we wa.s a happy lot aboard ih.it brig, jokes and drink and bright hopes all the time. It- all seemed bo neat and clean and -straightforward, and wh.it rough chaps mcal'l a 'cert.' And ?we u-*ed to speculate how the other lot, the proper salvagers, who'd suirted two days before us, were getting on, until our sides fairly ached. We all messed to gether in the Sanderse's cabin— it was a curious crew all oflicqi'* and no men, and there stood t'he diving dress wailing its turn. The younger Sanders was a [humorous sort of chap, and .'he s.i\v «ome ?thing tunny in the confounded thing's groat t'at head and iis stare, and he made us see it too. 'Jimmy Goggles' Jie used (to call it, and talk to it like a Christian — ? (a-=k if he was married, and how .Mrs. Goggle was and ail the n't tie (ioggleses. .'Fit in make you sp'lit. And every blessed iday all oi us used to drink the health ol Jimmy (ioggir-s in mm, and unscrew his eye and p air a glass of ruin in him, until instead of iliat nasty inacintoslieriness he 6ceiiieil. .?.?? nice in the .inside as -a cask of rum. 1 c was jolly limes we 'had those d,iy-, 1 (-.in tell you — little suspecting all 4he di-.ippoininieni that was a-eoining. ' We weren't going to throw away our ciuiMi-es by any blessed hurry, you know, and we .spent a wlijle day souirding our way inwards wlic-re the ' Ocean Pioneer' Si.ul you.*: down, right between two chunk. oi' i..jiy guy rock-lava ro.-ks lli.it rose meaily oui oi the water. We had to lay off iboiu ii . i-I-i' a mile to get a safe an t-iioj.ige ; ami t licit wa.s a row who Bii.i'ld stop aboard, I remember ; and fcirciv -'na iciy just as .-'he had g-inr* down, bo ihai you could see the top of the nia-:s mat weiv sti!i st.unling, quite d;s jtiii.-;!y. And I went down on Friday Eiiii:iiir.g directly it wa.s light. 'What a surprise it was.! 1 can poo it lall now quite distinctly. It was a queer looking place, and the light was just ?jom- 5ng. People over here think every blessed place in the tropics is a flat shore, and palm trees, and surf, but it's a lot more ivaricd really. This place, for instance, iiva.in't a bit that way. Not common rocks they were, undermined by waves, but great curved banks like ironwork cinder heaps, fwith given slime below and thorny shrubs and (lungs jusr. waving upon them here and there, and the water glassy, calm, and clear, and showing you a kind of dirty grey-black shine, with huge flaring red cruwn wjeds spreading motionless, and crawling and darting things going through St. And far beyond the ditches and pools, and the heaps, was a forest on the moun tain flank, healing again from the fires and cinder showers of the last eruption. 'And the other way, forest, too, and a kind of broken — what was it? — amphitheatre of black and rusty cinders, rising out of it, and the sea in a kind of bay in the middle. 'The dawn, I say, was just coming, and there wasn't much color about things, and not a human being but ourselves anywhere in sight up or down the channel, except (the 'Pride of Banya' lying out beyond a lump of rocks towards the line of sea. 'Not a human being in sight,' he re peated, and paused. 'I don't know where Ithey came from, not a bit. And we were feeling so safe, that we were all alone, and young Saunders was a-singing. I was in Jiiutay Goggles, all except the helmet. ?^ 'Easy,' says Always, 'there's her mast.' !And after I'd had just one squint over the gunwale I caught up the bogey and almost tipped out as old Sanders Drought the boat round. When the windows were screwed and everything was all right I shut the valve from the compressed air belt in order to help my sinking, jumped overboard feet foremost, and down I went —for we hadn't a ladder. I left the boat pitching and all them, no doubt, staring down into the water after me, with all Itheir eyes, as my head sank down into the weeds and blackness that lay about the mast. I suppose nobody would have bothered about a look-out at such a desolate place.' 'Of course you must understand that I was a greenhorn at 'diving.. None of us were divers: We'd had to muck about with 'the tfhing to get the way of it, and this waa the first time I'd been at all deep. It feels damnable. Your ears hurt -beastly. I -don't know if you've ever hurt yourself yawning or sneezing, but it tajces you like thatpouly ten times, worse. An'd a. pain over the eyebrows h.ore^split1 ting. And. .a feeling. like influenza in the head. . And jt asn t all 'heaven in yoyr lungs and things. . Going dowu feels like the beginning of a lift, only it keeps on. /And -you can't turn your head up. to see what's- above you, and you can't get a fair squint at what's happening to your fe-et, without bending down something painful. .And being deep; it was dark, let alone the blackness of the ashes ami mud that form ed the bottom. It was like going down out of the dawn back into the night that had just passed. ' 'The mast came up like a ghost out of the black, and then a lot of fishes, and then a lot of flapping red seaweed, and then I came with a kind of diiH bang on the deck of the 'Ocean Pioneer,' and the fishes that had been feeding on the dead rose about me, like a swarm of flies from road stuff in summer time. 1 turned on the compressed air again— for the suit was a bit thick and mackintosh}* after all, in spite of t'he rum — and stood recovering my self. I't struck eoolish down there, and that helped take off the .stuffiness a bit. ?'When I began to feel easier I started looking about me. It was an extraordin ary sight. Even the light was extraor dinary—a kind of reddy-colored twilight, on aramnt of ?the streamers of seaweed that floated up on either side of the ship. And far overhead just a moony deep green blue. The deck of the ship, except for a slight list to starboard, was level, and lay all dark and long between the weeds, clear except where the masts had snapped when she rolled, and vanishing into night to-* wards the forecastle. There wasn't any dead on the decks, most .were in the weeds alongside, I suppose; but afterwards I found I wo skeletons lying in the passen gers' cabins, where death had come .to them. 'It was curious to s'taivd on t'li.it deck and recognise it all, bit by bit; a place against tiic rail where 1 had been fond of smoking by .starlight, and the corner where an old chap from Sydney used to flirt wit'h a widow 'we had aboard. A comfortable -couple they'd been only a month ago, and now you couldn't have got a meal for a kitten off either of them. 'I've always had a bit of a philosophi cal turn, and I daresay 1 spent t'he best part, of rive minutes in such thoughts be fore 1 went below to find where 'the bles sed dust was stored. It was slow work hunting— feeling if was for 'the most part, pitchy dark, wit'h confusing 'blue gleams down the companion. And there were things moving albout : a dab at my gbiss once, and once a pinch at my .leg. Crabs! I. kicked a lot of loose stuff that -puzzled me, and stooped and -picked up something all knobs and spikes. 'What 'do you think —backbone! Hut 1 never had any parti cular feeling for bones. We had talked the affair over pretty thoroughly, and al ways knew ju-i- where 'the stuff was show ed. I found it that trip. I lifted a box on end.' He broke off in his story. ''I've lifted it,' -he said. 'As near as t'hat! Forty thousand pounds wort'h of pure unsullied gold! I shou'tcd inside my helmet 'as a kind of cheer, an'd hurt my cars. 1 was getting confoundedly stuffy and tired by this time — I must have been dawn twenty five minutes or more — and 1 thought this was good enough. 'I went up the companion again, and as my eyes came up flush with t'he deck a thundering great crab gave a kind of hy sterical jump and went scuttling off side ways. Quite a start it gave inc. 1 stood up clear on tlie deck and shut the valve behind t'he helmet to let (lie air ac cumulate in the .suit an'd carry -me up again. That's how it's ilone, you know. I noticed a kind of whacking from above, as though t'hey were hitting the water with .in oar, but I didn't look up. I fan cied they were signalling me to come up. ' And then something showed down by me, something heavy, and stood a-qiiiver in the planks. 1 looked, ami there was a long knife I'd seen young Sanders hand ling. Thinks 1, he's dropped it, and i was slill calling him this kind of fool and that, for it might have hurt me serious, when I began t-- lifi and drive up towards the daylight. '.lust about the level of the to]) spars of the ' Ocean 1'ioneor.' whack! I came against sonu-thing sinking down, and a boot knocked in front of my hciinet. Thcu sorneihing olse--strugglii;g frightful'. It was a big weight a-top of me, whatever it I was, mid moving and twisting jiliout. I'd | have thought it a great big octopus or some such thing if it hadn't bt\ n for the boot. But octopuses don't wear boots. It was all in a moment, of course. I felt myself sinking down again, and I threw my arms aboul \o keen steady, and the whole lot rolled freo of me and shot down as 1 went up ? ' He paused. '' 1 saw young Panders' face, over a naked black shoulder, arid a spear driven clean through his neck, and out of his mouth and neck what looked like spurts of pink smoke in the water. And down they went, clutching one another, turning ovev, and both too far gone to leave go, and in another second my helmet came h whack, fit to split, against the niggers' canoes. It was niggers! Two boats full! 'It was lively times, I tell you! Over board came Always with three sj-ears in him. There was the legs of three or four black chaps kicking about me in the water. I couldn't see much, but I saw the game was up at a glance, gave my valve a twist, and went bubbling down agiin after poor Always, in as awful a state Of scare and astonishment as you can well imagine. I passed young fianders and the nigger going up again, -and in another moment I was standing in the dim again on the deck of the ' Ocean Pioneer.' 'Gummy, thinks I, here's a fix! Nig gers! At first I couldn't see anything for it but stifle below or stabs above. 1 didn't properly understand how much air there was to last me out, but I didn't feel like standing very much more of it down be low. I was hot, and frightfully heady, quite apart from the blue funk I was in. We'd never reckoned with these beastly natives, who, as you know, are pretty well like the Papuan devils. No doubt they'd been stalking 'the brig at the very time we'd been setting about diving. 'It wasn't any good coming up where I was, but I had to do something. On the spur of the moment I jumped over the side of the brig and landed among the weeds, and 6et off through the darkness ra fast as I could. I just stopped once, and knelt and twisted back my head in the helmet, and had a look up. It was a most extraordinary bright green -blue above, and the two canoes and the boat were floating there very small and distant like a land of twisted IT. And it made me feel sick to squint up at it, and think wliat t'he pitching, arid -swaying: of the. three .meant.-. '?.?'?- ... ?' :?_'?? ': ?.--???,. . / ??: ''It was just about the inost horrible ten minutes I ever had, -blundering about in that.darkness, pressure' three atmospheres^ sick with. . funk; and breathing -nothing,' as it seemed, but -the smell* of- .rum and- mack- intosh.. Gummy! ' . : '? . 'After a bit. I foiiiul uij-self going up a steepish sort of slope. I had another squint to see if anything ..was visible of the canoes and boats, and then kept on. I stopped with my head a foot 'from the sur face, and tried to see where. I was going, but of course nothing was to be seen but the reflection of tlie bottom. Then put I dashed. Directly I got my eyes out of the water, I saw I'd come up a kind of beach near the forest. I had a look round, but the natives and the brig were both hidden by a big lniBimocky . kind of heap ot rubb-ly. and twisted ' lava. The constitutional fool in me suggest ed a run for the woods. I didn't take the helmet off, but I eased open one of the windows, and went on out of the water. You'd hardly imagine how clean and light the air tasted. 'Of course, with four inches of lead in your boot soles and your head in a copper knob the size of a football, and after thirty-live minutes under water you don't break any records running. I ran like a ploughboy going to work. And halfway to the trees 1 saw a dozen niggers or more, coming out in a gaping astonished sort of way to meet me. 'I just stopped dead and cursed myself for all the fools out of London. I had about as much chance of cutting back as a turtle. I just screwed up my window ngain to leave my hands free, and waited for them. There wasn't anything else for me to do. 'But, they didn't come on very much. I began to realise why. 'Jimmy Goggles,' I says, 'it's your beauty does it.' I wa.s in clined to be a little light-headed, I think, with all these dangers about and the change in the pressure of the air. 'Who're ye staring at?' I said, as if the savages could hear me. 'What d'ye take me for? I'm hanged if I don't give you something to stare at,' I said; and 'with that I screwed up the escape valve and turned on the compressed air, until I was swelled out like a blowing frog. 'Regular imposing it must have been. I'm blessed if they'd come on a step; and presently one and then another went down on their hands and knees. They didn't know what to make of me, and they were doing the extra polite. I had half a mind to edge back seaward and cut and run, but it seemed altogether too hopeless. A step back and they'd have been after me. And out of sheer desperation I began to march towards them up 4he beach, with' slow, heavy steps, and waving my blown out arms about in a dignified manner. And inside of me I was singing as small as a tom-tit. 'But there's nothing like a striking ap pearance to helip a man over a difficulty, ?as I've found before and since. People like ourselves, who're up to diving dresses by the time we're seven, can scarcely ima gine the effect of one on a simple-minded savage. One or two of these niggers cut and ran, the others started in a great hurry trying to knock their brains out on the ground. And on I went as slow and solemn and silly-loolting and artful as n jobbing phinnher. It was evident they took me for something immense. '?'Then up jumped one and began point ing, making extraordinary gestures to me as he did so, and all the others began sharing their attention between me and something out at sea. 'What's the matter now?' I said. I turned slowly on account of my dignity, and there I 'saw, coming round a point, the poor old 'Pride of Pianya,' towed by a couple of canoes. The sight fairly made me sick. Rut they evi dently expected some recognition so I waved my arms in a striking sort of non committal manner. And then I turned and stalked on towards the trees again. At 'that 'time I was praying like mad, I remember, over and over again. ' Lord, help me through wit'h it.' Its only fools who know nothing of dangers can afford to laugh a; playing. 'Hut these, niggers weren't going to let ma w ilk through and away like t-ln.t. They siii'.tei! '\ kind of bowing and. invok ng dance r.bcnt me, and sort of '.mori^ed r.\t Li ta.':c p pathway that lay t'lfjii-rh tne trees. It was clear to me they didn't fake me -for a British citizen, whatever else they thought of hip, and for my part I was never less anxious to own up to my nationality. ' You'd hardly believe it, perhaps, un lps.s you're familiar with s.ivagps. but these poor, misguided, ignorant creatures took me strai,'!ir to Their kind of .ps.s place, to piesriii me to the blessed old black stone there. 'l!y this 'time I was beginning to sort of realise the depths of their ignorance, and directly I set my eyes on this deity 1 took my cue. I started a baritone 'howl— '\V-..w-wow.' very long on one note — and !-n:an waving my arms about a lot, and (hen very slowly and ceremoniously turn ed their image over on its side and sat down on i't. I wanted to sit down badly, for diving dresses ain't much as wear in the tropics. Or, to put it more precisely, they're a sight too much. It took away their breath, I could see, my sitting oil their joss, bu^ in less time th-m a minute t'hey made up their minds, and were hard, at work 'worshipping me. Ami T can tell you I felt a bit relieved to sec things turn ing out so wel-1, in spite of the weight on my shoulders and feet. 'But what made me anxious was what the chaps in the canoes might thinlc when they came back. If they'd seen me in the boat before 1 went down and without the helmet on — for they might have been spying and hiding since overnight— they would very possibly take a different view from 'the others. I was in a deuce of a stew about that for hours, as it seemed, until the shindy of the arrival begun. 'But they took it down, the whole bles sed village took it down. At the cost of sitting up, stiff and stern, as much like those sitting Egyptian figures one sees as I cou'id manage, for pretty nearly t.welve hours, I should guess at least, oil end, I saved my life and secured the situation. I don't think any of them dreamt of the man inside. I was just a wonderful leathery great joss that had come up with luck out of the water. But the fatigue! the heat! the beastly closeness! the mack intoshiness and the ruin! 'the perpetual anxiety and the fuss! 'They lit a stinking fire on a kind of lava slab there was before me, and brought in a lot of gory muck — the worst parts of what they were feasting on outside, 'the beasts!— and burnt it all in my honor. I was getting a bit hungry, but I quite un derstand now how gods manage to do without eating with the smell of burnt offerings about them. And the3r brought in a lot of stuff they'd got off the brig, and what I was a bit relieved to see the Kind of pneumatic pump that was used for the compressed air affair, and then a lot of chaps and girls came in and danced about me something disgraceful ' ' t ? ' ' - -JV '--i -'~i ; 3-' Xt'4rex'tra'©rdinary the. different; ways' uiffe'rent Jiepnle have of showing respect. It T-d hid a ihatcfhfet handy, I'd have gone for the lot bL.-Ghem, they made me feel eo wilti with thein. All this time I sat as stiff as company,- not knowing anything better to -do;- And at last when nightfall' cani.ej. and the wattle jo33-house placoigot a bit too .shadowy, for their taste— al) these here savage3 are afraid of the, dark, you know:— they 'built big bonfires outside And left -me a'lone in peace in the darkness; qtf my hut,\free to unscrew my windows, a bit and think tihings over, and f'eel just, as. bad as I liked. ? ' ... 'I was weak andhungry, and my lnind: kept on behaving like a beetle on a pin-—! tremendous activity and nothing done' at1 the end of it, come round just where ;it was before. There was the treasure dojvn . there in the Ocean Pioneer, and how 'one might get it and hide it somewhere safe and get away and come back for dt. And there was the puzzle where to get any thing to eat. I tell you I was 'fair ramb ling. I was afraid to ask by signs for food, for fear of seeming too human ; so there I sat and hungered until very near the dawn. ' Then the village got a bit quiet and I went out and stole some stuff like artichokes in a bowl and some sour milk. What was left of the^e I put away among the other offerings, just to give them a hint of my tastes. And in the morning they came to worship, -and found me sit ting up stiff and respectable on their pre vious god, just as they'd left me over night. I'd got my back against the cen tral pillar of the hut, and, practically, I was asleep. And that's how I became a god among the heathens — a fake god, no doubt, and blasphemous, but one can't al ways pick and choose. ' Now, I don't want to crack myself up as a god beyond ray merits, but I must confess that while I was god to these peo ple they were really extraordinary suc cessful. I don't say there's anything in it, mind you. They won a battle with an other tribe — I got a lot of offerings I didn't want through it— they had wonder ful fishing, and their crop of pourra was exceptionally fine. And they also counted the capture of the brig among my benevo lent proceedings. I must say I don't think that was a poor record for a perfectly new hand. And, though perhaps you'd scarce ly credit it, I was the tribal god -of those beastly savages for pretty nearly four months. ' AVhat else could I do, man? But I didn't wear that diving dress all the time. I made 'em rig me up a sort of holy of holies; and a deuce oif a time I had. too, making them understand what it was I wanted them to do. That indeed was the great difficulty — making them undei stand my commands. I couldn't let myself down by talking their lingo bad'ly, even if I'd been able to speak at all, and I couldn't go flapping a lot of gestures at them. So I drew pictures in sand and sat down beside them and hooted like one o'clock. Some times they did the things I wanted all right, and sometimes they did them all wrong. They were always very willing. ' All the while I was puzzling how 1 was to get the confounded business settled. Every night before the dawn I used to maivh out in full rig and go off to a place where I could see the channel in which the Ocean Pioneer lay sunk, and once even, one moonlight night, I tried to walk out to her, but the weeds, and rocks, and dark clean beat me. I 'didn't get back till full day, and then I found all those silly nig gers out on the beach praying their sea god to return to them. 1 was that vex-ed and tired, messing and tumbling about, and cpming up and going down again, I could have punched their silly heads all round. I'm hanged if I like so much cere mony. 'And then came the missionary. It was in the afternoon, and I was sitting in state in my outer temple place, sitting on that old black stone of theirs, when he came. I heard a row outside and jabbering, 'and then his voice spe'aking to an interpreter. 'They worship stocks and s'tones,' he said, and I knew what was up in a flash. 'I had one of my windows out for com fort, and I sang out straight away on the spur of the moment. 'Stocks and stones!' 1 says. You come inside,' I says, 'and ill punch you're blooming head.' ''There was a kind of silence, and more jabbering, and in he came, Bible in hand, after the manner of them, a iittie sandy chap in specs, and a pith helmet. 1 flatter myself that me sitting there in tht shadows, with my copper head, and big goggles, struck him a bit o'f a liean at first. ''Well,' 1 says, 'how's t'he traje in calico?' For I don't hold with mission aries. 'I had a lark with that missionary. He was a raw 'hand, and quite outclassed with a man like inc. He gasped out who I was and I told him 'to read the inscription at my feet if he wanted to know. Down he goes to read it, and his interpreter being, of course, as superstitious as any of them, took it as an act of worship and plumped like a shot. All my people gave a kind of howl of triumph, and there wasn't any more business to be done in my village after that journey, not by the likes ot him. 'But of course I was a fool to choke him off like (hat. Jf I'd had any sense I should have told him straightaway of the 'trea sure, and taken him into ?en. A child could have seen ihe connection between my diving-dress and the loss of the 'Ocean Pioneer.' A week after he left I went out one morning and saw the Motherhood, the salvers' ship from £.tarr R-K's towing up channel and sounding. The whole blessed game was up and all my trouble thrown away. Gummy! How wild I felt! And guving it in that stinking silly dre?s!' - 'Think cf it!' he said; 'forty thousand pounds' wo rili of gold!' 