\--A-GREAT--WRONG: or, THE MYSTERY OF BLACK HOL. LOW ORANGE. CHAPTER IV.-Conrwuva. "Passengers for Hiedmont," ahouts the conductor. Lenore has no desire to visitPiedmont, but she sea the blue highlands beyond, and fancying that Black Hollow Grange most be somewhere in their midst, she determines to go on. With an elastic spring she gets aboard, and the train thunders on just -s poor, panting Clotilde comes up. "iss Leoore I Miss Lenore I" she shrieks, but the roar of the wheels drowns her frau tic cry, and Miss Trevethon, looking from the window of her carriage, nods and kisses the tips of her white fingers, as she is whirled w' What shall I do 7" moans the woman, wringing her hands. "He'll take my life I hbe ever knows. Oh. what shall do'" Meanwhile Lenore flies on, over miles of golden gorse, and purple heath-bloom, a sitrange sense of liberty thrilling her. The young lady removes her jaunty hat, and lies back in her seat, while the breeze stirs ier tresses into a mass of riotous gold. lfeire' and bride.elect that she is, she finds her life insufferably dull and stupid. The constant adulation and homage of men and women. hb? crown to be an old song, of whichir she i thorebly weary. " 1 wish I eml.l rin wavw , she repeats, -altching the flyingehills With dreamy eyes. I 'i have ha lf a mind Co try-run awayand S enkb-my fortune; as the heroines in novels Sometimre do. and leave all my possessions toSir Geoffrey. I suppose, however, he would follow me, and fetch me back to marry Riehmond. Dear, dear, how awfully stupid it ?il is-this marrying bousinees above all. It really turns me siek tothink of it. I sincerelr hope that Richmond may be ship wnrekerd I" Piedmont Soation I" She sprines to her feet, and adjusts her hat and tumbled tresses. "If ryo please. sir," she, inquires, as the ncondnctor hands her oot. "is there a place anywhere near here called Black Hollow Grange?" The ma trns round and looks at her be. fore he replis : "Yes, miss. there is; the 'Haunted Manor.' it is called now:radys." -Preciserly; that's the place I mean. Will yoo have the kindness, air,to tell me the distance, and in what disection it lies?" "Over yonder, mis. theother side of those blue peaks., to the left a matter of a couple of miles perhaps, and a pretty straight road. But beegino your iprdon, miss, you don't think of gui ag there?" "Yes, eir. I am certainly going-to the 'Hannted Manor,' if I can find it, and I'm moch obliged to you." "P. rhaps you don't know, miss, that the manor's b-en deserted this ten year and more. and folks say 'tis haunted I' cintinnes the conductor, with the very best inten tions. "Yes, sir, I know all about it. Good morningl" Len,re trips away, while a dozen beads Protrude from the crriage windows, and as many pairs of eyes watch her with staring curi sity. She hurries on, more determined than ever to seemplish the object she has in view. She has walked n full mile, and the sun has passed the z-nith.b before she comes*in sight of a oingie d??lling, or the rleast sign of civi lized life. At last. in a green hollow beneath the hil's, she s-es a small hot, in front of which an old woman sits knitting. Lenore is growring weak from fatigune and hanger; hseee she determines to turn aside and bna? a dranoitt of fresh milk. and find out itshe is \- pursuing the riht way. Thie "Id dame rises up at her approach and proiff-s her a rest, which the girl gladly ac the faints protect us I" cries toe ame, with uplifted hands and affrighted eyees one would take ye for the lovely murdered leddy herself, come out of her windingsheet. Are ye a =host or a living woman ?" "A living woman, and a hungryone, too," laughs Lenore. " My goo creature, what do yon mean f Surely you don't take me for a ghost I" "Nay, nay, bhut ye look loike her, the poor munrderd leddy as sleeps In the Black Holhw up yonder. I- ae her wi' these two eves, the hlessed night afore she was mur. dered, a walking uonp d down the terrace, her ?-:ler hair ?il a streaming: and the flowers on ner breast, and you be as like her as two peas." Leoore's eyes quickly fill with tears, and her breast hearves " Poor lady," she replies, steadying boe voice by a great effort. " I've heard of her Tell m- about her, plase." " There is little to tell, miss, saving that she walked the terrace that evening, so fair and an smiling. and the next blessed morn they found her lying dead in a pool of her own heart's blood, and the master gone, and from thatday to this he has not been heard of. But they do say," she adds, with a shudder. "as he it was murdered her, be cauose she had a smiling face for other men than aim, and that's why they buried her in the Blalek Hollow, and with a stone cross at her head. Lenore presses her hand against her heart. She has never been told before that her mother lies buried in the Black Hollow below the Orange. "And no one can tell what become of him I" she falters. "The husband, you mean ? Bless you, no, mis I But some think he made an end of hiscelf in the lake yonder, and they do say, when it storms and the winds are high, he comes back and sits on the shore, and she walks the terrace above, with her yellow hair streaming, wringing her white hands, and cryiug afitto break herheart." - ." And the haunted manor is not far from here, is it?" asks Lenore. "A mile perhaps, right above us, beyond the black firs." Were you ever in the old house f I mean, Ssince the murder?" . - .'Sainti protect us, as" soon d enture Swithin the gates o' perdition:" Whyno human creature has ever croeed that black glen; and no one has ever entered the aceursed plaie siace the murder, excepting Ambrose Gerhart. and he was well-nigh frightened out of his wits." ' There was a child left, I have heard," Miss Trerethon continues, moved by a curious desire to hear all the old dame lean tell. ' " Bless ye, miss, a little mite of a girland she was wandering from room to room, a sonibing and crying, and her mother's blood down here the very dayafter the mnrder, and Iuiaee her a bowl of goat's milk and beswn bread from thateery blue bowl on ths drer. Such a pretty little lady, the very picture of her mother," I "and what became of her '" "Tr.ey toobh-rrwoy. His coaita eame .rem over the ssared toob herff to Londrna, .n I're heard n.,hing of her since. She may be deal by this -the better for Ier if be is, poor thing, for the mother's shame lways fails on the danebhter's head,"' " " Av, true enough, better for-her if she were dead,"I'nore echoes under her breath, ) Jith a weary sigh. "Let me have a drooght of milk and a morsel of bread, and take this for yrir trouble:' sbe addts. al-RnI. The dame's eyes glitter rer~ehily at sieht oe the sil, er which L-onors pllrt in her r-ll,.w pelm, and she hubhlee away. no-I perloes a bowl of milkandoe sm-ll Iiaof bread - Lesre drinbo tr o' i;b-from the Otme blne b',wl. frem which she u-s fet so many years ago, puts a morsel of the loafst m ner pocket, bids her hostess adie,- and do .par. The old woman rooks after her, shading her eyes from the afternoon sunlight. "The saints protect us," she mutters, "theys be as like as two peas I It surely can't e the gbostofthe murdered fair lady I should drop in my shoes with fear i I really thought so."' CHAPTER V. X AWFULr APPARITIox. It is the same old story of murder and mystery that Miss Trevethon had heard from the lips of old Risby a few years before. He was an old and devoted servant of the House of Trevethon, and on his death-bed he had told the young heiress the terrible tale of her mother's murder and her father disappear. ance. The terrible affair happened some two or three years after the formal betrothal, or "Fairy Marriage," with which our story opened. Geoffrey Trerethon, the banished heir, was still off in India, seriong hie country under his asumed name, while his cousin, Arthor, reigned in his stead at Lyn. dith Hall. But poor Sir Arthur was an in. valid, suffering from an incurable disease, and took but small comfort in his wealth and his honors. The one desire of his'heart was to see his adopted brother again, and to restore to him the heritage which his father's on. oaturat cruelty had taken from him. But Geoffrey did not return, and his letters to his friends in England were few and far between. Despairing of ever seeing him again, Sir Arthur made his will, binding his daughter, asobe fancied, to remain true and loyal to her childish marriage to her cousin, Richmond. Some time thereafter he went with his family to spend the summer months, after the custom of his race, at an old home amid the Scottish Grange-a gloomy, ghoastly, grondeold house, builtmon the summit of a bold spur, beneath which lay a wild glen, from which the place derived its name. Sir Arthur went up with troops of gay friends, and a few efficient servants, and through all the golden summertime the hill country was enlivened with their festivities. It was as late as Septemberwhen the party broke up, and the baronet madepreparations for his return to England. Only a day or so before his departure a foreign tettercame through his London agent from the banished heir. anl it contained the welcome intelli genoe that be was coming home at last. His wife was d?ad and buried in India. and in ledfence to her dying wish, he was coming, with his son, Richmond, to Lyndcth Hall. This letter made Sir Arthur auother man. Filled with delight, he made preparations for an immediate visit to London to meet and welcome the returning soldier. " No matter how soon I die now, I shall die content," he said to his wife on the eve of their departure. "To see Geoffrey rein stated in his old home is the dearest wish of my life." The guests were all gone from Black Hol low Grange ; the servants had been sent in advance toLyndeth Hall, and on the morrow Sir Arthur and his family would follow. .The morrow came, and the men who were to take charge of the Grange appeared at an early hoar. They found the old house as silent as a tomb, and when they entered, after ineffectual efforts to rouse the family, an awful sight met them. Under the sickly glimmer of the still burning chandeliers, all bathed in blood, lay Sir Arthur's beautiful wife, hrutally mar dered; in the room beyond her maid was also found dead; and wandering about the nursery, sobbing in terror and grief was the little girl Lenore. Sir Arthur himself was gone. No trace of him, either alive or dead, could he found anywhere. A week, perhaps, after this shocking tragedy, the cousin of the murdered man ar rived in London with his little non. He was greatly shocked, as may be imagined, but he evinced great presence of mind, andat one hurried to the scene of the murder. He found the neighborhood in great excitement, and the Grange in the handsof the authori ties, who were using every effort to elucidate the mystery. Vainly enough, however, not the slightest clne could be had to the mur derer, nor could the mysterious diaoppear. ance of Sir Arthur he accounted for. \- His wife, poor, beautiful lady, who was a foreigner by birth, and without relatives in England, bad been buried in the hollow below the Grange; and a report was circu lated that her frailty had equalled her beauty, and her husband had murdered her in a fit of jealousy, and then fled. This report Geoffrey Trevethon contra dicted with great indignation, and tobk upon himself the task of clearing op the mystery and lifting the dishonor from his cousin's name. Putting aside all scuples in regard to his late father's will, he at once accepted the title which belonged to him, and installed himself as guardian of little Lenore, assuming entire control of the vast estates of which she was sole heir. He worked assiduously, too, sparing no ex. pense or pains to solve the strange mystery and brine the criminal to justice, bat with out success. Not the slightest clue could be had to the mysterious disappearance of Sir Arthur or to the murderer of his wife. Years passed, and the mystery of Black Hollowe Grange was a mystery still ; and little by little the terrible story had come to Lenore's ears as she grew toward perfect womanhood. A word here, and a hint there, until at last the old servant, on his death bed, had poured the whole awful story into her ear. From that hour the heiress of Trevethon had thought of little else. She.thinks of it now, standing all alone amid the wild Scot tish hills under the very shadowof the weird old house which holds the awful secret. The sun hangs low in the west, its yellow rays gleamtnc on the quaint, weird windows and gray gables of the haunted Grange; but in her brave, resolute heart Miss Trerethon resolves to push her adventure to the end. She had planned too long to obtain this opportunity to have any thought of renounoc. ing it. . Yet, despite her brave blood and her in rincible will, her young cheek blanches, and a slight sahudder shakes her, as shelooks up at the frowning old mansion, dimly revealed through the thick foliage of the black firs. In that gruesome, ghostly manor she was made an orphan. Ah, heaven, if she might only be able to solve the mystery and lift the stain from her dead mother's name. -'.With rapid steps she makes her way to the black glen below the manor. It is a wild and lonely valley, shut in by funerealborders if black fire, and in its very centre uprises a spectral atone ros?0. Lenore caste herself down upon the mossy earth and reads .the simple inscription: ' Lenore Trevethon." Lenore is deeply moved; she rests her throbbing head against the cold tombstone and weeps as she never wept before. " Mother, dear, beautiful mother I" she moans." I do not believe one wordof the evil they impute toyou-Inever will believe it. Oh, mother, look down from heave and pity your poor child I" A raven flaps its wings in the black oranehes overhead and utters a dismal croak. The girl rises to her feet with a shudder, plucks a spng of blooming heatherfrom the lonely grave, and tarns away with a heabn bOrken sob. The winding path that once led up the oltff is all overgreown .an it is with consider. able dificulty that she makes the ascent. Panting faim herexertions, she at laststands hefore the hoge iron gote. It is closed, but at the toich of her hand it swingsopen with abourseverek. Shecrossesthegroundsatd -itns the terrace upon which her mother walked the ereny'- before her deail. The flS- tona benerath her fret are green 'eI veiep?ry wit iisold.the ohl house ioomo up aboire her klite a hi' gray t,,nb. She loots ip at tie ilent winilon?s~niulal ailol terror -.,mre,,er her. Hlr rheeks ubSih a.ne her ter kner' shake. 'But'she olerches her I-ioui and e'lv her. teeth, the ,ld Trevethoo will riaino-np orotu within tier "\eoer I-- i ." hat -as an ancient motto of tier hoose. bSine will not Ir* k h ck no." She makesmhr way reaud tutotfrloat?ntraie - . The yard is overgrown. a?n here and there broken urn or a fallen sttue gleams through the long grass, and over the huge pillars of the portico wild vines trail in luxuriant growth. Lenore ascends the mossy steps, passes the vestibule, and tries the massive oak door. It opens readily, and she passes through into a wide hall all hung with hunting trophies, and here and there a piece of ancient armor. hrouch a stained windowant the remote end the lfternoon sun shines, filling the room with lurid splendor. Mies Trevethon moves on with hated breath and distended eyes, awed and yet strangely fascinated. She comes to another door, which admits her into the spacious double drawring-rooms. The lurid glow from the stained window penetrates even here, dis. closing the tattered silken hangings and the faded carpet, in the very centre of which, under the rusty chandelier, is a dark stain, which all the years had failed to obliterate. The girl sees it, and a cry of horror breaks from her white lips. It was in that spot that her mother lay murdered. She turns away, sick and shuddering, and returns to the hall. The broad staircase goes winding op jost beyond her; and possessed with a foolish fancy that in some part of this dim old house she must find a clue to her father's mysterious fate, she ventures to ascend. Her light steps ring sharply in the terrible silence. On the first landing a great bird flutters out from a sequestered nook, and flies past her with a scream. The girl's heart heats so rapidly that she can scarcely breathe, and a cold sweat bedews her brow, but she goes on. She comes to a longsuite of sleeping apart ments, the first of which she enters. It is a spacious chamber, which must have been splendid in its day, the couch all hang with taroished white, the dressing-table strewn with feminine trifles. " Can this have been my mother's cham her I" the girl wonders. She approaches the table to seleetsome little sourenir from the faded toys, when a soaden sound, a mesmeric sense of some near presence, thrills her with deadly terror. She torns round.aest in time to seae an on polte door swing cautionusly open and a face peer through the aperture. An awful face it seems to the terrifed girl, white and spec tral, with a beard lowingdowna like a frosty cloud. One wild, wide.eyed glance, and then with a shriek of mortal fear Lenore flies out of the chamber and down the resounding stairs. "Stop., stop I'm not mad, my beautifual maiden; I won't hurt yon," calls a gentle, m,,iral voice. But if Miss Trovethon hears she does not heed. She flies downward with headlong speed until she reaches the terrace below ; thern she pauses and and reels giddily for an instant Her over-taxed powers fail her, and with a second terrified cry she fall dowean upon the mssy flag-stones in a death like swoon. CHAPTER VI. A ILL-STARRED MEETINO. When bies Trevethon awoke from her trance of terror the son was quite down, and the silvery mist of a September twilight hung over the dark old manor, She lay where she had fallen nthe damp stones of the terrace, and it was some time before she could collect her senses suffiently to remember what had happened, or where she was. When she did fully remember, all her wild terror was revived, and she scrambled to her eet, and went scudding across the grounds like a hunted hare. Beyond the great gate shepaused,and ven. tured to look back. The sun was down, but all thewest was in a flame of crimson fire, while over the blues peaks of the Highland hills a golden harvest moonwas rising. Everywindow inthe old manor, every gray tunrret, was gilded with reflected light.. Lenore gazed npward, experiencing a feel ing of admiration despite her terror ; but while she gaed a turet window was thrown open, and that same awful face looked out. A phantom hand slowly beckoned her, and that same luring, musical voice called out againe. "Pretty maiden, no need to ran way; this house is mine, and you are welcome. I am not mad, as they tell yon I" At any other time the girl's brave blood would have sustained her : but wearied and Innerved as she was, she succumbed to the terror that assailed her; never dreaming that anything short of some awful super. natural presence was looking down open her. She tarned and fled, as if for her very life. C?lotilde was righ" she .urmnred, as she ran along; "I should never have comel" She had gone sbout a mile perhaps, when she began to feel doubtful sboot her ability to keep the right path. She paused, and glanced about her, hoping to see some homan habitation. Alas I there was none in sight. By this time the son had gone down, and the moon was bathing the earth with its silver radiance. While she stood irresolte, a footstep sounded behind her. She turned swiftly, and faced a man, with his hat in his hand, and a cigar between his lips. A tall, dark, and rather handsome person he looked in the moonlight. Lenore decided to ad. dress him. - If you please, sir," she said, as he ap proached her, "I dm trying tb reach Pied mont station, and I feel somewhat doubtfal whether I am on the right coarse. Will you have the kindness-" " Now that is jolly," the strangerinter. ropted, in harsh, familiar voice. "Pied mont station-the very confounded place I'm in search of I , Come, my dear, you are tooe pretty to be wandering alone at this hour, so we'll bear each other company. Give me your hand, my dear, and we'll soon reach Piedmont, or some other place." He advanced qoite close, and attempted to take her hand ; his breath, reeking with brandy, coming hot upon her cheek. Lenore drew back in disgust and anger. "Thank you, sir, but I have no desire for your company ; I merely thought you would be civil enough to direct me which way to go. Let me pass I" But he planted himself before her like a wall. Herblue eyes began to flash like steel, and lthe rich color leaped to her white cheeks. She had fled from what she believed to he an apparation, but she had no fear of mortal man. "Let me pass, sir;" she repeated, her im perious voice ringing like a bugle. " Let you pats f" the man repeated, catch. tng at her hand again. "Why, what dye take me for What's a pretty creature like you strolling sbout at this hour for, if not in questofcompanyl And I'm god companoy, tam. Come, now, gite us a kiss, and take my arm, and we'll jog along together asjolly u you please I" A sudden sense of her thoughtless in discretion in putting herself in esuch a questionable position, smote Lenore, hut she telt no fear. "Will pou let me pass, sirt" she again r5 posted. For answer, the man seized her left arm, and drew her close to his side, and bending over her, made an effort to pollute her cheek by contact with his lips. She did not cry out or even struggle, hot her bloe eyes dorkened until they looked almost black in the moonlight, and she psat her righst hand to her bosom. The next instant, sometbiagbright flashed out like a gleam of lightning, and the man releasing his hold, staggered hack with a Ioud '" Why, what' this 1 What are yoa doing l" demwnled a resonant oice. Ofies 'L'rrveion tu-aed aiuetly to meet thibs or'-.,myr,'rctrniog the s!essler dagger to herhbo?m, mshedid ss.$ It svassacurious, cootly little toy, that had been in her family for ?res, and itsos Lsendre's habhi to w.rey it hoout her person.: .: : 