DAIS OF DANGER, ? E ? [copyright.1 Thrilling Kuntires of the Bushranging Tines. Keenan's- Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LAUE. IN FIVE PARTS. PERIOD, 1846. PART II. ' If these trees could only talk,' mar mured Keepan, ' tvhat a great deal niure we should koow. That b:g feiloiv coild te'ii us aYI about the poor wretch beside it. At any rate, be couldn't have died of thirst,' he went on as be waded » ?mall creek to continue hi« work. ?There ia water enough about here to awim & ahip if it waa all fathered together. They say thirat ia the worst kind of death to meet, bat I suppose it a all the time in the end. It might hare been hunger, though that's not very likely, u there -b a little food about here— il one can only get hold of it. Surely we've given it a Ohriatian burial aa well a- we could, though it would have been all the better for the priest. We can't help that now. I Bed a prayer myaelf over the relics, aud -re are tonld the prayers of a good man araileth much. Confound that eprm ! Oh, the curse of Cromwell on it ! Tit fif:y feet long, an' tore I've bin cuttin' at it {or five minatea. Are you there, West.jn ?' This waa about the burthen of Eeenan'e tolil.-qaie* during the day. Ht kept Wcston well at hand, and if the latter » axe failed to indicate hU thereabouts the Irishman aoon hailed him. TheparticU' far part of the district where the body had been found was the wont which the cu:vevon bad ao far encountered, and alow proerett waa made. Every day or ao the camp, which waa weil equipped, wu ahifted nearer totbe terminal cf the track, and on the day following the gruesome discovery it waa carried to ?- point not fifty yards from the mon-ter stringy-bark tree, beneath which the bouea were laid. Ti.e men as a body were not at all superstitious. Except the leader and Keenin, who, Uke K.chard the Third, were mure afraid of ahadowi ai night thau the Eub-ran?e of ten thousand men, the others K..uld as soon face a ehoet aa ran away tr.-m it. Ti.ia was a fact which did much loensnre in? harmony of the camp and stamp Edwards's party as the best for rough wild work in the colony of Van Dieman't Land. D.irmp the day Eeenan waa a ghost in himself, but at night the cry of the curlew seemed to him a repetition of the Banshee's wailing, and he allowed imag ination to DD»urp tlie place of reason. The uauai practice of a surveyor's camp ia to have one regular cook, but in Edwarda'a this rule was departed from, and Walsh, Jones, and Keenan took week cheat at the nark. It so happened that the week follow ing the discovery of the skeleton was Keenan's tarn to act as chef, and like everything else he did it well. Un fortunately for him he was alone a con siderable portion of the day, and the camp was in the immediate vicinity ef the ' grave tree,' as the men termed it. His comrades were always in sound of the camp, and in nine cases oat of tea returned before dark, but frequently not until after twilight had set in. It wu on the evening of 7th May that Michael Keenan received the shock which waa ao acutely felt that he deter mined to aever hie connection with the party an/1 leave the service of the government. True, he was partly dis suaded from doing ao, bat he managed, by the way he worked, to have the whole party transferred to another por tion of the colony, a course which pleased all the men. Evan Edirards's snpersti tion materially assisted towards that. The sun had set and the gloom of night was fast approaching. The deep shadows momentarily growing darker were creeping over the acene, and never before had Keenan felt the indescribable lonlinese and solitude of the place. ' By Heavens 1 I should go mad if I bad to spend twenty-four hours in this locality by myself. It would be worse thun death,' he murmured. Never before had he to misted the comfort of human companionship, and though be busied himself in mafeinp pre parations for bis comrades' dinner — for the principal meal was in the evening — he could not shake off the deep depres lion which, like a nightmare, set upon him. 'It's time they came, anyhow,' he murmured, walking from the cheerful looking fire on which the camp-oven strung, and going to the side of the track which ran paat the spot. Of coarse the first object on which his eyes rested was the giant tree which formed, ao to speak, the mammoth obelisk which marked the Unknown's grave, and as he looked he devoutly crossed himself. A. few yards beyond the tree the track gave a sudden turn to the west, and he was about turning away in disappointment when a figure tamed the corner of living vegetation. 'That's Edwards, thank goodness. Tlie others won't be far behiud. Well, everything is ready, at all events,' he said aloud, as if it were something sooth ing he gazed on the approachiDg figure. In a few seconds the man waa at the foot of the tree eagerly scantling around it, and as Eeenau looked an indefinable feeling ol horror tilled his heart. His supposed chief waa none other than the ghost of the buried corpse. There was the bald head, and as be turned and searched abunt, the Irishman * fancied he could see the scar acroaa the : .. forehead and the sinister look. Yet it ? '? was not quite the same, fur a long beard ' . now overgrew the fate. , . v . Keensn was a brave man except where N,. tbe snpernaluiai was concerned, and tor ',.- ^'\^-fhu life of him he could not move from wL-^'';-*^fthe spot he stood on, and hit' tongue 'Pi '''? '''' ' refused to act. Etch moment he became ?' more than ever convinced that it ni no ? ? living man, bat the phantom of* the I, bones— or rather tlie ghost of the pboto 'C graph— which he was looking on. '-'} It moved about Doiseleaily and seemed -:, to bo hunting for its missing skeleton, -V- . for it went down on its knees and ex ? '. amined the ground most minutely. * . Then it went to the crave and back on . ? to the track in a few seconds. After '?? again examining the particular (pot \- ' , where the bonea had lain, the object ' sprangopnoiseletalyandailentrrplunged b- into the dense bush towards the west, :: holding a skin cap in its hand, and most k clearly revealing (he bald head. A few moments later Edwards, Jones, I Weston, and Walsh came into sight, and gave a cheerful coo-ee at a salute to the 1 cook. It remained unanswered, and wlien in a couple of minutes the fonr men came op. Keenan was standing rigid in the same spot and looking as if indeed he had seen a ghost. ? What on earth is the matter, Mike ? Am job tAiack dumb or petrified? What tbe deuce u Ihe malttr, I say ?' ailed Edwards. For answer Seenan turned his head in a stiff sort of a way as though he were a Marionette and worked by springs, and gaud with wide-open eyes on bis chief. ? Is there anything amits, Mike? ' hope you haven't got lock-jaw or any thing like that. What is the matter ?' queried Edwards again. ' I've seen it,' was the short response enped out. 'What do you mean by it! Tell us what yon mean. You haven't seen a ghost, I (appoae,' asked Edwards? ' Yes, I have. I've setn the ghost of the man we buried at the foot of the big tree there, just now. It ran away when you came along,' answered Keenan in a feeble voice. A loud peal of laughter from Weston, Jones, and Walsh greeted this stale ment. but Edwards remained at silent as the stricken Keenan, and asked for further information. ' I'm going to be a dead man soon, I know. Anyone who sees a sight like that never livea long,' groaned Keenan. ' I tell you, I saw the ghoat -?£ that skeleton there jjot five minatea ago- I came here to see if yon were coming, and a moment or two afterwards it came into sight there at the bend. Going to the tree joit at tbe spot we found the bones, it began to search about, and even went (in its knees. It looked at tbe grave once and then searched again, bat ran away when yon came along.' 'Ranaway, eh? Ran away! That's good for a ehoet. J'oo should say it melted or floated away, Mike. Ghoets don't run away, you know,' interjected Jones moat irreverently. ' Here, what have you got for dinner. Mikei Not phantoms, 1 hope. We want sumethiug mure -substantial than that, 1 can tell yon, added Weaton with a laugh. 'As sore as I'm standing afore you I am telling the truth. There it was with tbe great bald head and the scar acrosB the forehead, only there was a beard over the face. It held a far cap in its hand, ao I could easily see tbe head.' retorted Mike with conviction. ' But ghosts don t i;row beards, so far aa I lenov',' replied Jones with a merry laugh. ? You forget that at the time the photo, wu taken the man was shaved, as we can see there, but at the time of death the beard would most likely have grown. In (act, in a locality like this, you will not find many barber's shopt, and bushmen do not carry razors. In fact, Keenan, your description would be jnst what I would eipict the original of that photo, to'develope into beforedeath/remarktl Evan Edwards in a half convinced ffny. The three other men did not care 10 openly rally their chief on the subject, but they exchanged smiles and meaning fiances with each other and went towards ibe fire in order to make pre parations for the meal, as they could see Keenan and Edwards Here deeply inter ested in the apparition which had so unexpectedly appeared to disturb the harmony of the party. Keenan continued to impress on the willing ears of his chief what he had seen, and the surveyor began to believe his statements as firmly as if he himself had seen the spectre. Indeed, the ordinary reader of to-day who may chance to notice this aa he tits in his snug and cosy drawing-room with hJ6 family around and police within call, may venture to scoff at Keenan's fears as utterly absurd and improbable. Vet some of tlie brightest intellect* of the day are banded together in Paychological Research So cieties to try and discover the origin of tlie mysterious phenomena by which man is admittedly surrounded. And let that sceptical reader place himself in Keenan's position. The Irishman had observed a figure which resembled the photo, found beBide the skeleton. There was 1:0 doubt of that, and it waa subsequently proved. Moreover, the surroundings were nice inspiring. The solitude, the wildneas— the death of day — all conspired to in fluence the human mind. Both EdwardB and Keenan had been, brought up to believe in folk lore, in fairies, in banshees, and ghosts. It had seized on their minds, and deeply rooted as it was, there could not be a doubt they both believed— one in the evidence of his senses— the other in the evidence given by bis friend, and on whom he could rely. In a sort of mechanical way Keenan assisted to lay toe rough but substantial dinner, and hia mates seeing the look of perturbation and deep seriousness which overspresd his fsce, forbore to amuse themselves at bis expense. Yet they were utterly sceptical on the subject. Not in the remotest sense could they imsgine such a thing as a ehost possible. Like Thomas of old, nothing but the evidence — the visible and tangible evi dence of their own senses— would con vince them. It waa shortly after the meal that Keenan, who kept close to his comrades and occasionally glanced round fearfully, said: * I am going to leave to-morrow, sir. I couldn't stay another day, for the place it. haunted, aud I know I'm marked. We want some more stores. The corn beef is nearly run out, and there's only a week's flour. If you give me the order I'll get them sent on and another man in my place.' This waa quite unexpected and most unwelcome news for all the party. Keenan was a universal favourite, and the idea of his leaving them was tantamount to breaking up the camp altogether. Before tbe chief, who was in a very silent mood, oould reply, Weston said : * Yob surely don't mean that, Mike. If you go 1 wouldn't care to remain, but if it's the fear of ghosts that's driving you away, I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll go and sleep at the foot of the ' grave tree 'for tl'e next week every night to let yon aee it is all folly about wraiths and phantoms and such like.' '80 will I,' interjected Jones. 'I'll do the aame. There's nothing in it at all. Bosh I Ghosts, indeed 1 I would like to aee one, or half a dozen, for that matter.' Walsh added his newt on the question, which was of a similar nature, but none of the arguments had the least effect on Keenan, and Edwards rather put the veto on their proposals when he said : ' It's no use yon talking like that. Of oonrae ghosts don't appear to everyone. It is only certain people that are privi leaged to see them, and it ia always a bad sign for that person. I've made up my mind not to atop bare any longer. Wp hate done pretty well in this locality, a: d :he Government should relieve ut. 1 will ask for a few months' spell of work in a settled district where we can get pr..ptr furd and not be boned alive. T.j morro» morning we will break up camp and return to the depot.' This resolution was a very abrupt one, but none of the men objected to it. Indeed, noutcepiical at they were, Jones, Walsh, and Wetton agreed that it would be unwiae 10 destroy the belief in ghosts which possessed the mind of tbeirchief. The trio were just as anxious as the two spectre-haunted men to ex change their wild rough life for the tame kind of work in tbe settled parts. Already they had been four months in the north-west district, and they could fairly claim a change. ' * Wt-ll, you should know best, sir,' spoke Weston artfully, when Edwards had concluded. ' It may be as you aay, and, of course, because 1 have never seen a ghost, it ia no argument that none exist. I quite agree with what you Bay.' The other two sceptics were also cou vinced that the locality might indeed be haunted, and in a few minutes there was quite a unanimous feeling in favour of guiiiL' away from the ill-fated spot at That night Walsh, Jones, and Weaton ltx,k it in turns to watch, for Edwards and Keenan appeared to be in mortal dread of a spectral visit. In the morning Jones reported that he fancied he aaw a shadow moving round and round tbe big tree, but be was too much afraid 10 investigate the cause of the appearance. He furthermore de voutly thanked heaven that Edwardsand Keenan had not accepted his ofier to sleep under the tree. This report only hastened preparations for departure. Before leaving, Walah, Jones, and Weaton made a careful examination of the crave and its vicinity, and sure enough they found indications that Mime animal or other had been about the place. The soft earth of the mound had been partly trodden down and the tracks were much larger than any animal in the region could make. Indeed, they were not unlike the imprint of a man's loot if it were wrapped in cloth or in ekiu, and the three men began to believe that Keenan had really aeen some object. ? I have it,' exclaimed Weaton, after a few minutes. ? There has been an aboriginal about here. Seeing the track he woold come along it, and noticing the crave would no doubt examine it. That is what has frightened Eeenan, but we mustn't fay so or they may atop here soaie time longer. 'The hUicka doc'', put anything on their feet or wear akin caps,' remarked Jones. ?The few that are left may do so, for they are partly civilised, and besides Keenan was in such a fright lie would be likely to mistake what he really saw,' said Weston. 'And the bald head. I never raw an aboriginal with a bald head unless the fellow were scalped,' added Walsh. ' I tell you those things only eiisted in Keenau's imagination. Tbe moment he saw the figure of course he concluded it must be the ghost of the dead man. You may depend when that came into his mind he would not be able to think of anything else. Who else but a black— and a stray one at (hat — would come about here. The action, too, ia just what a black would adopt. Seeing the newly turned earth in the dusk he would stoop to examine the place, and of coarse run away when he heard or saw ps coming alone tbe track,' protested Weston. His contention seemed reasonable enough, and as it was the only probable explanation of the mystery, it was then and there adopted by tin. three sceptics. On their return to camp, however, they greatly impressed Edwards aud Keenan by a narration of what they had found. The tracks, they said, were such us no human being in the life would make, and there was no animal on the whole of Van Dieman's Land that could leave such impressions. Something uncanny had happened they were convinced, and the sooner the parly cleared away the better it would be. The two pack-horses had already been loaded, and by nine o'clock Edwards and hie party were turning their faces to the eatt after their four months exile in the north-western wilds. Many a curious glance was cast back at ihe haunted spot;, and it was hours before the big etringy bark disappeared from view. The party had really done good work, and Edwarda waa quite justified in returning to settle ment, though it is quite piobable he would have put in another couple of months in the wilderness had it not been for Keenan's ghoat suddenly interrupting tbe operations. Asa matter of necessity, mo6t of the food taken or sent along to the aurvey parties consisted of salt junk, pickled pork, and such like. Some of this was of a villainous nature — thanks to the want of proper supervision over the con,, tractors by the inspectors. Without vegetables the lot of the surveyors would not have been a pleasant or even healthy one, bnt the gun was brought into fre quent use to get game either on land or water. Even nith this aid the health of the men aullered if they were kept in the bush too long, and hence a time limit was always placed upon operations in the far unsettled parts uf the island. To Bf Continued, 