France and Russia v. England. TBr Gbo. C, Obaig, Stbney.] I never doubted for one moment that Franco and Russia wero estranged in tlieir unholy alliance against England, that they each Iovu ono another in thoir hearts; but both have nu axe to grind againBt tho evur-advnncinn British Empire, ffannany and Austria have been playing shuttle sock and battledore to auit their own in terests, some timeB diplomaticating oa th(- side of Piiiucj, Kusbib, or England. The death Df the now notorioiw BiBtnurck has left the handg of the Kaiser and hia Chancellor more free to act, if they bo wish, in tho interests of England, of course, fur a consideration, tho new enneiderrttion being boIh railway monopoly in tlie Shantung peninsula, and tho first right to annux Syria or tho Eoly Land. Fashoda, and a through lino on British territory from th« ZimbBBl to Cairo, may h.-va something to do wich the present international dorani?emont, bub tho true cause is that Russia, knowing that England, Germany, Japan, and tbo United States have put .their feet down againBt tho partition and Eussiameatioti of China, is playing, under the cloak oi general disarmament^ bold, wild, andcoorcive game ogainet Rnul'inci and her possible ollieB. When M. Pavloff and U11' Yumenof Pekin had proved falso tj Sir Claudo Mucdonild iu the matter of Newchsng and Hankow railway concussions, I stated in the Mercury that Russia had now to bowaro of tho silonua of Lord Salisbury and tho wurnings of tho London Proas. Tho joint action of Francn and Russia at Pekin has m.ido tho British nation afc home and abroad united, strong, and true as steel against all-oomert. Stliaimry, backed up by Earl Kosebery, Sir 13d. Gruy, 8ir William Harcourt, and his own powerful party, disdained to go cap in band to Russia for a settlement of Chinese (iff iirs. lio acted like a true Cecil, who said, * with tho people's aid, wo will make England great.' The British Premier tries flrBt to win tho affection of France by giving way on tho Niger and in Southern China. Thun ho has Btriven to win tho alliance ot tho ro6t leoa nephew of his Queen-Kmpres3. An Anglo Japauesn allianco is a forogono conclu-ion if Japan annexes Corea. Then tho voice froai the West came over the Atlantic of itB own accord, and strik ing tho shores and hills of mothur Englund, the cradle of its race, resounded o'er all the boundless plains the race deBiio to forget 'an ancient wrong,' proclaiming tho long wished for 11I lianco of Anglo-Soxondom. The alliance per te with Germany and the United States fell upon Europe liko a lost chord, and being tuned at laat, Bent European diplomacy int- 'everlasting smash.' Italy is too weak and too disturbed to take an active part in thoso freah war rumoura, Bndahe will try to keop neutral, or if not, aho is bound to ally heraelf with England. The capture of Khartoum and the Sirdar's action by sending 1500 Soud*n Egyptian troops, with a battery of 15-n--undur artillery and a maxim gun detachment to EVbhoda, with orders to dofent all aggressor*, even the luppoBed Menelik- Bouohamp expedition, has disclosed tho hands of both Franco and RusoiB. What with England putting Lor foot down in the 'affairs of China and Central Africa, the Palais Royilo nnd Quai do Orsay have gone upon the war path, and if tho cablegrams aro a real reflex of public opinion in Paris, tho mobiles and rosorviHt» of St. Cloud nnd Montmartin mean to go for England bald-headed. When the Frenchman's patriotic heart ' is big' like that o£ a- child, ' n littlo aetB it off,' in tho style of ' a LondreB1' and 'il Berlin.' Tho comraoneenBO of France deploren a war with England, but republican government is so corrupt and rotten to the core, and tho Generals ao full of Coowrism and Napoleonism since tho Dreyfus affair that r.he rifles and Melinite eholls may go off, like French hearts, at any moment. Napoleon III. could not keep back Franco in 1870, nor will President Faure be able to do so if once some popular opern notroBo but sings the demoniac ' Cuino, children of our country, oomo !' in the boulevards. Thon tho cry of ' il LondreB,' ' Wipe out ' Trafalgar,' and ' Avengo Waterloo,' will shako Franco from frontier to frontier. Tho visit of tho new and unprincipled Biamarok in tho person of Mouravieff— ho who has juet visited Paris in secret, and the samo County who puh peaceful disarmament into the brain o( tho young Czar, had an ill-omenod sound. No sooner does ho loavo Paris than tho French fleets are mobilised under tho pretence of M. Lookroy's naval reform HchemeB. France pro tests, like a Cassandra I hope, against the Union Jaok flying at Fashoda ; that French naval and military combined manoeuvres a la Santiago are announced just in that part of France most suit able for concentrating to invado England) and that Russia, despite tbeCisar's peaco circular, ' will support France in any notion relative to Fashoda, in full view of the solidarity of their inter ests in .Africa,' This is tall talk on the part of Moscow and Nova official editors. But in the most calm, digniQed, and Belf reliant ShakBperian Way, the British answer to all this Franoh funfaronading and Muscovite brag is — ' porno on, both of you.' John Bull, I don't think, will bo bo terrified us to take off his coat or roll up his slaeves at tho dangers of suoh threats. Ho haB now got well trained ugainat suoh oontiaental war bl»Rts since 1873. Thero wan a limit to his good nature. ..When ho felt himaelf and colonies imposed .upon and in danger, bo ' put hia foot down,' as stated by the Times and Standard, Lord Salisbury, Rarl Rinobory, Mr. Balfour, Mr' Chamberlain, and Sir M. Hioks-Baaoh. It ia a good thing to know that both our army and navy are ' ready for any .eventuality.' Our navy is ready boyoud a doubt for any throo navius of Europo, but I think we. will only have to dinpoau of in Nelaon or Dewey fashion this Hoots— the strong, numoiouo, and powerful floetn of France und Russia. They will take a lot of fighting and defeat before they aro ' loBt on tho ocean tnaiu.' Wh muat not doepiso our enemy at aea nor upon lund. Should tho strngglo breult out it will bo a dreadful one, as far reuohing and effootive, with tlu- nauguiao result; as sot forth in Mr. 1'raoey'B Final Wat. ' ' . Bu|i , whas am t,\\\n, col miaB doing to baok up '.hid England? Simply nothing Mr. Reid and , tho .other PruruierB will, play the p»rt of MfoftwherB 'to aoo what will turn up' whon it in too late. It is no use for tho military mind or any ono deoply vereod in the foreign pnlioy of tho ompiro to write, hint, or forewat'u thoan Right Honourable doctors and gontlemun. Tlvy all know better than any body cUo. If n journalist trios to do bo they alt upoa him liko r.ho Garters of Melbourne, th° Roida upon tho S, Af. Herald, or— or— or the Nuilda upon tho ilorcury ! So long aa tho first businuaB of a Premier or a Loader ot tho Opposition in eo go in for grandmotherly legislation and at onou dosign how to oatoh the most votoa ut the next election, fudoratiou and federal dofence may go tn Jorioho. They and their blind voting machines art) content, to opon their mnutliB and shut thoir eytm to boo what Reid, Want, Lyno or Barton — yea Bar ton,. too— will Bond thorn. Ono doea not Heo them identifying thoniMolvoa with anything patriotic — federation ia mom party than patriotic — endorsing tho work of tho London Navy Li'ii^uo whoeo nim and objeot haB savod the ompiro, toasting tho Quoah tho Army or Nnvy at banquotB, taking part in Trafiilgar or Waterloo day; but thoy aro found making foolish Bpneohoa about Mr. Goaohon putting hiB hand into tho Australian puruis, the federation of aontimont only, muan Inu'leas Bpoutlng at Australian Native Unions, and winding up with, ' I buliovo the day is not far distant whon wo shall be a nation by ouroulvoa.' T hoy don't add UU Iho United Slatos. If bhn IIouho was filled by 81oatliB, Spiincoa, Porryn, HukIii-'h, O'SullivauB, OriolcH, GtriffUhH, and ForgunonH, tho ohanooa aro thoy would add ' liko tho United Statoa,' whioh, howevnr, nro drawing *' nearer and dnaror' to England ovory day. If war broalm out, whioh I hopo not for tho sako of Franco, thu unitod oolouioD uhould oon'sidor ib thuir duty to Bond homo £2,000,000 ut onao to tint Imporiul ISxohoriuor, for tho final andoruahiiigovont, tonavo Australia or any colony from invaoion or oupturu, inny tako placu off Gibraltar, tho Oapo, Aden, na woll as off Ilhng Kong, Thurndny Ialaud, Aucltland, S.vdnoy, or Uobarfc. Tho War Council and Board of Admiralty in London, In war timo, will bo tho bitsb judgos. Ab tlio bont blood and monny of Groat Britain wan oponfc in tho Soudan and Indian frontiora to bbvo tho ompiro, tho bent monoy and blood of the Oapo, Gauada, nnd Australia nhould, and no doubt, will bo nponb to dofond tho greatosb and gciHidoBb ompiro recordod in all hintory. Di'flpito ,thn kind HBuuruncoa of tho French OoiihuI in Mm tf. .Jlf. Ueruhl thu politioal g6ft.lo of Europe in iilarmlng, ,-ind lma boon bo for many yearn. Tho rolutiouB bobweon Franco and England am Bbrainod, and tho formor roatlouu country in onoo moro pro voking Grnafe Britain to war, althouKh wo havo Icnuuklod down to lior in. many tilings o£ Into ; on the Congo, Ni-;er, Melroug, SontUChmaj nnd on the Upper Nile if we would be bo silly. Never in hiBtory haB the right arm of the Unitod Kingdom been afraid of Franco when she really wanted to figbt. The British Empire ia not afraid of her now. It is a Iways open to smoke tho pipo of peace with the gallant sona of France, but if she ' wnntB to fight' upon trumpery or important grounds lot her say so. I net monthly utateruontB of tho relative or comparative strength of tho naval powers of Europe, and M. Biard do Aunet is per-_ fi-ctly right when he says that M. Locbroy in July last had resolved Co strengthen both the Northern and Levantine fleetii by increasing them with more battle Bhips and cruisers in an up to date stylo. For what? To suit an invasion of England ond to oope with the British fleets of Admiral Sir John Hopfcina in tho Levant, or Sir H. T. Stephenson in tho channel. But the worthy French Consul-Qenoral, nor tho Russian Consul in Sydney, must seek through tho Press to disabuse tho colonial miml with regard to the real intentions of Franco ond Russia against England. Wo expected these hos tile countries to strike the first blow long ago, and Australians are not likely to bo put off their guard in these days of sham peace conventions and treacherous advice ot disarmament. When wi? read thu lettt-iM and privuta lifo of tho two or triple-faced Bismarck. Wo nro prepared to recuive his ghost in Mouravieff. It ia 11 fine thing to malcn- his sovereign preach peaci1, whilst he at t.he same time visitu Paris to urge on a war witi) England over Fashoda, assisted by tho ships, guns and troopa o£ Russia. Dr. Biifich— -nieiii'trck's Boawell — tolls us not to trust Europnnn statesmen. Nothing will make them honeBt statesmen bat tho powerful blows of England and her ullius. I have just taken down tho oleo graph of Biamarok from the wall, and tho German Club can have it for nothing, if thoy toast our Queju and tho donor ! I write thiB to arouse apathetic Australia. But in tho meantime, no matter how suddenly war aomes, tho Royal Navy, with their true eye» behind tho guns, will give a ^ood account of the combined fleet. But to moot the unexpected in war, it is wiao te bo ready in the colonies. 