The WandeHty Spirit of Itala Drew. [By Wirrildah.1 ' I wonder has something stranger happened to me than most people, or is it that I naaem ber while others forget ?' ' I have lived and died, and now I live on earm again. Listen, on, ye thick-minded, be fore ye judge rashly, and comprehend that accidents to earth's people can be averted from above just as they can also be avenged.' Before I died I was very much in love ? Itb my cousin, Ambo Tower, but he cared nothing for me— that is in the way that I longed for — Consequently my short life was an exceedingly sorrowful one. My mother died when 1 was very young so that I scarce remembered her, but knew every expression of her face (at least I. thought so) from pictures I often studied. She left me in care of her only brother (Ambo*s father) with a comfortable legacy, so that I was not a charity child. My father, whom his people cal ed a * rover.' died or was killed abroad. My uncle treated me as a daughter. Ambo and I grew up in company, and I think it was his father's desire that in due time we should marry. But such is the irony of fate, my cousin fell in love with another maiden. Prior to this, however, we wandered about to gether whhbut.rcsc.-^ lingering her and there. Ilsten.ng to the merry birds chanuHR their evening vespers as ibe last mellow radlanee, of day disappeared. Nature generally touchefl my deepest sympathies, and even in my hap piest moments there ran an under-current of sadness, which no doubt was the result of my father lonely life. Ambo was a heedless, mis chievous lad. though all in merriment for he. was kind-hearted to a degree. Had his individual ity been repulsive I could not have loved him. One day after being tited of mirroring our faces in a shallow pool Ambo caught some frogs, and taking them home put them in the milk jug. On another occasion when some crabs were brought us by a friend straight from the sea he stole one and kept it alive until bed time; then crept into the housekeeper's bed room and placed it .between the sheets at the foot oi her bed. The, creature caught hold of her toes, and ah me, what a tragic comedy was acted at our home that night. After many such tricks as these the joutb was packed off to finish his education with a clergyman living some 40 miles distant, and I was left alone in pensive soiitude. Wcmens' education was not very much troubled about, for they never did anything but get married, and then were sup posed to sink their personality in the man of their choice. My studies were over at 15, and my uncle beicg a silent, rather gloomy man, moreover a busy one always dabbling in chem istry, was really no companion for me, or I for him. I was left to the care of servants, and they did care for me in their own way, but I preferred solitary rambling amid the pictur esque sylvan beauty in the vicinity of our home to their chatter. I would stand upon a bridge until quite dizzy watching the water rushing madly beneath, or sit down among a soft bed ding of dead leaves and Wonder when t should be withered, if I too shoud drop forgotten from the world. Ambo was four years at school, he came home for diversion occasional ly, but the last year he was changed. He was the same bat different, something was gone, something was added. There was a reserve about bim that rather grieved me. Of course, we both by now had come 10 the years of dis cretion, but if he loved me as I did bim be could not have helped telling me so, that is where I think men have a mean advantage ol women. He would shoulder his gun saying carelessly, * coming for a tramp It. ?' I always wished to go, but would now and again refuse iust to see how be would take it. He usually strode off quite indifferently, then I would seek my solitary haunts. Upon this particular day it was very waim, and I sat down by the dc liciously cool stream under shadow of over hanging bougfcs, and watched the water glitter ing in the sunshine, or away my gaze wou d rove towards the cottages peeping cusily from amid their surrounding foliage. As I sat medi tating, the crunching of dead twigs gave indi cation of someone's appn ach, but ere I had time to move my cousin nearly fell over me.1 * Diagruma, what are you so quiet about, It. I might have shot you — ' * Oh, what a lovely bird,' interrupted It, * is it for me ?' ' You I good gracious I how many more do you want, you have half-a-dozen already ?' * But that is such a beauty/ * Yes is it not ?' coolly rejoined he. ' For whom have you caught it then ?' asked It, jealously. He flushed a little, which raised my sus picions. ' I am going to take it back to school with me, be said as be tore a-stfip ofi his handker chief and bound its legs ; thtn placing it on the ground with his bat over it so that it coula not get away he helped himself to a drink by taking the water up in the palm of his hand after which he threw himself upon the grass and began throwing pebbles into the stream ? bovs are like ants, always busy about some thing. Ambo could not lie there a minute without disturbing the water. I sat watching him. He was beginning to look very manly, and the down was showing very plain iy about the lower part of the face. His hair was dark and curly — mine was brown and straight. His eyes were eloquent brown ? mine were thoughtful violet. His skin was of a healthy color — mine a pinky hue. He was broad shouldered, and stood about 5 feet 10 inches — I was slim, and about 5 feet 3 inches. He was 19 — I was 17. ' Do any girls go lo your school, Am ?' I suddenly asked. * Girls, no. There are seven youths, some of them day pupils. The only girls about ihe place — excepting the servants — is the vicar's daughter, but she does not study with us/ ' Is she yovng ?' * About your age.' ?Pretty?1 ?Very.' * Do you like her j' ?Yes.' Afttr this snapshot dialogue we lapsed into silence again. So, here was the cause of the change, he loved the vicar's daughter, and the bird was for her. I gazed away over the mountain top wondering if in all the world there was another heart as lonely as mine. ' What dreary eyes you have. It, but there is a look in them I can never fathom,' said my cousin, and suddenly I became aware that he was scrutinizing my face. I rose abruptly, saying, *How cold it gets, we had better go home.' Put on your cloak, then1, returned he, and springing to his feet picked up a cape that I had forgo- ten all about and fastened it around my neck, then raising my chin a little kissed me. I flushed crimson as I stammered, ? II am getting too old to be kissed now.' He carefully took up his bird as he answered, I thought you were just about tbe right age,' and we walked home rather silently. Next morning at breakfast Ambo said, 'I bad a peculiar— what shall I call it— interview about you last night. It.' * Yes,' responded It, interestedly. ?Just before I retired for the night I was lying on the sofa there (nodding bis head to wards that article of furniture opposite) I suppose I must have doeed off. for upon open ing my eyes I saw a candle burningat each end of the table and between themTtood your b« I did not catch what she said and I felt too astonished at the moment to ask. I s,id. ? Whyaunt, Drew, I thought you were dead. She began wringing her bands and saying. Oh my poor Itala ! my poor Itala ! * Itala's alright ? I saW, « and happy as a fish ma water,* but die continued as before. «Mv poor Itala, my poor girl ;? then I got^p and vanished. My colour came and went as he spoke and morew when nncfc Iookedtom one to the other of us. I would advise vou. Ambo noM^jest about the dead,' hfffi A«t£ * Dugamma, I do not jest, father. « ?You were dreaming, of course,' put in It, soothingly, for the youth was so full of spirits that his parents gave him little credit for seri ousness. ' Possibly, but I cannot efface it from my mind. Again his father shot a glance at him, but no more was said about it, tor he had been extremely fond of his only sister. I meditated off and on a great deal daring the day about the incident, but it was quite gone from my mind that night as I sat in the drawing-room with an interesting look. Ambo was also reading, while uncle was writing in another apartment. A loud knock sounded at the hall door which rather startled me,- and my consin and I looked at each othef in surprise, for visitors always rang the bell. ? They will not bear that in the kitchen,' I said, and I went and opened the door myself 3 then stood petrified, fur standing there facing me was my mother; Her face was sweeMook ing and pretty, hut with such a sad expression as sitC razed at me without uttering a word, while I returned her look in trembling fear, my tongue set-mfng to £Iing to tic roof of my mouth, and I thought it was cowardly of me not to tender her a welcome, but I was tod' frightened. She backed away off the veran dah, then turned and went down the garden path. I watched her with a beating heart, and could heat the , pebbles crunching under her feet as she walked. Her feet were clad in small, black slippers, the shape ot a coffin. As she closed the gate I felt more secure, my courage returned, and clasping my hands to gether I cned, 'oh mother, mother, come back and tell me what you want.' She looked back at me with the same sor rowful expression, but went on down the path, and 1 called again and again to her, but hav ing reached a corner she gave one mote look, then vanished: I slammed the door and rushed back to the drawing-room. * Oh, Am, I have seen my mother. What cap it mean ?' gasped I, breathlessly, with eyes dilated with fear. He was inclined to take it as a joke, but seeing my earnestness he sprang up and glanced nervously at the door. ' Your mother again ; what did she want ? ? Oh, I was too frightened to ask until she got outside tht gate, then I think she gut of fended. She went down the path to the left.' We both rushed to the window. The lamp was lit, but outside was twilight clear enough to discern ot jects, but nothing was in view. I recounted just what happened, then Ambo said, ' onty fur what I saw myself last night I would pummel you for being a silly.' Then we sat down and related all tbe ghost stoiies we could rememi er, which did not tend to sooth our nerves ; mine at any rate, and upon retiring I would not open my eyes for tear that 1 should .again meet my mother's gaze. We decided not to mention the matter to uncle, and ibe next day but one Ambo re turned to school tor his last quarter. Now that I knew my cousin only c red for me as a sister my loneliness was twofold, neither could I forget the apparition I had beheld, and many a nigbt after retiring I could have screamed with mental agony, so unstrung were my nerves. A hacking cough I had developed kept me from sleeping. Mrs. Taylor tried to cure it, but as it would not yield to ber treat ment, she gave up in disgust, saying she sup posed it would wear uff in lime. However, I became realiy ill ; then she drew my uncie's attention to the fact, and he sent for a doctor, who in turn wanted to know why he was cot called in before. Apparently no one could ex plain the reason, no one w ished to be blamed for neglect, co. sequently I died from some lung disease. I remember he last day of my illness; I lay for houts, as they thought un conscious, but I knew ail that was taking pLce ; but the day previous, when the worst was known, Ambo was sent for and came to my bedside in sorrowful surprise. As he bent over me, I thinking it mattered not now, saia, * oh, Am, I did love you so. He started back as though shot, and after a moment replied, ' ah now I know, I under stand that pretty look in your eyes, yet I never thought. How unkind you often have consid ered me.* But you could not help loving someone else just as I could not help loving you.' * Who told you that I I oven someone else Y quickly asked he in amazement. I smiled at his denseness. [To be continued.] 