CHAPTER XVII. “ SHE COULD, NEVER BE 'WICKED OR FALSE.” “Athol, mamma says, that you want me.” Lady Frances had unconsciously dropped into the old familiar way of speak ing to the earl. It was the first time that. she had addressed him so since her return from the continent, and she blushed a little, her eyes shining happily the while. He raised his white face, and her look changed to one of disappointment and alarm. Only the day before had the Countess of Lytte whispered to her that Athol would speak soon, and Lady Frances considered him as muoh her own . property as though it had all been settled between them long ago. Perhaps he had come to tell her now that he loved her that he wanted her to be his wife very soon - and for the first time since they were ohildren, press her to his heart! How well she remembered the last kiss ! It was quite ten years ago! At a New Year’s gathering, or something of the kind, and he had whispered that she was his little sweetheart 1 How women re member these things ! He had not kissed or embraced her since then since that happy evening -long, long ago. They had felt shy of each other, because their future had been so much discussed by their parents ; but they belonged one to the other none the less. She believed that with all her heart, and the know ledge made her happy. “ Athol, you are not well; you are ill,” the girl said. “ No, 1 am well enough, Lady Frances,” the earl replied, pulling himself together by an effort, and summoning a ghost of a smile to his face. “I want you to sit near to me, for I have something to tell you—something that has been on my mind from the moment you and my mother took me up at the Marble Arch.” Lady Frances blushed again, and her shy happy eyes sought his gloomy ones. What could he have to say to her what was there to tell her but the old sweet story that she had been expecting—that the countess had assured her would be told her very soon. But why did the earl look so gloomy about it 1 Surely he could not for one moment doubt that she loved him—that she was his wholly and solely 1 “Yes,” she said, gently. “I am listening.” “ We shall not be disturbed,?” he asked. “We must not be disturbed,.because I have so much to say to you, Lady Frances, and I must tell my story now, or you may never hear it.” She was startled by the wild look in his eyes ; she could not understand him, and an icy chill swept over her heart. “ Mamma knows that we are here,” she said, “and will permit no one to interrupt us ; but if it will be any Batis faction to you, Athol, I will turn the key in the lock.” He watched her graceful figure as she stepped across the room, and for the second time that week he had to acknow ledge that she was a lovely woman—a possession that any!jnan might be proud of. If he hid his grief from her - if he married her, it would make her happy at least. He had no other aim—no other object in life. Then flashed before his mind’s vision the passionate and beautiful face of the woman who had deceived him, and he shivered as though chilled. It were better to face the worst at once ; he believed that it would be more painful to him to tell his story to Lady Frances, then for Lady Frances to listen. He would at least bedionest with her, and if her sufferings were keen, his .were keener, His resentment towards ~the countess increased when he looked into the girl’s anxious and expectant face. Here was more of her well-meant, but officious meddling, and his heart almost failed him. “Lady Frances,” Athol began, “I am in trouble—I have met with a severe dis a opointment, and for a time I have deter mined to travel—to go away from the hateful, senseless glamor of society at once, or I shall go mad. I have come to you, Lady Frances, as my mother seems to think that there is some obligation or bond between us. Because our estates joined, and we were children together, our parents have hoped to join'our hearts —or at least our hands, thinking that a marriage between us would harmonise with their wishes and ambitions.” Lady Travers had become deadly white, and her hands trembled. “ I am told, Lady Frances, that you regard this arrangement as binding—lhat you are willing to sacrifice yoursslf to the whims of your mother and mine.” “No—no,” whispered the girl. “ Then you do not wish-” he began. “I would not marry tyou, Athol, if I did not love you with my whole heart and soul,” she cried, hiding her face. “ Who has been telling you that I do not love you—that I would drag you into a loveless marriage 1 I gave my heart to you long ago ; it is yours now.” “ You do not understand,” he said, bitterly. ‘ Frances, can you not see that I have no love to give to you—that I want you to be free 1” She gazed at him in a way that he never forgot. That look haunted him for a life-time. Had she heard aright 1 Was he jesting ? Then his earnest and trou bled face convinced her. He did not love her. He never could love her. A sharp cry of pain burst from her. Oh, the agony, the humiliation, the shame of it! And this was his trouble. The countess had told him that it was time for him to speak to her, and his heart had spoken. “ Frances,” he whispered, gently, “ my anguish is almost too much for me. I want you to help me, if you will—to help me to be strong.” “My lord,” she replied, bitterly, “I have made my confession. You will think none the worse of me for that ? I have looked upon you as my lover for so long —you, and you only. You have my love —I cannot take it away. If I am never to be your wife, let me be your dearest friend. Your happiness will be my hap piness.” A few tears dropped down her cheeks, but she bravely brushed them away. “How tell me,” she said, “why you are so very unhappy—why you are leaving us.” “Lady Frances, I am afraid that I cannot tel! you,” the earl murmured. “ You have made it so much harder than I expected. You will think me cruel ; you will have no sympathy with me, and yet I would rather you heard it from my lips than from the lying tongue of rumor. To be brief, Lady Travis, my heart is broken, and a woman is the cause of it. I see that you start; you did not dream that I had ever thought of love, or had presumed to thwart the wishes of the countess. But it is true-^-it is only too true.” “Do you know the lady?” whispered Lady Frances, softly. “ Can 1 help you ?” “ The woman who won my heart, only to cast it from her with scorn,” proceeded , the earl, “was my mother’s companion— Miss Tremayne. You have seen her often, Frances; you have talked with her, walked with her, and were good friends. Tell me, what did you think of her 1 Would you have deemed her false —would you have credited her with wickedness ?” “No,” said Lady Frances, “she could never be wicked or false. We were friendly, very friendly, but I have not seen Miss Tremayne for a year. The countess would tell me nothing concern ing her when I made enquiries. She could never be wickei or false, Athol.” “But she is,” he went on, scornfully. “ She and the countess quarrelled about me, and Miss Tremayne went home, and straightway out of my life for ever. She did not trouble to communicate with me, and it took me a long time to find her. I heard ugly stories about her in ugly places. 1 loved her—I trusted her too well to believe one word of what was told to me.” “ But you doubted her a little s I can see that you did,” observed Lady Fran ces, “and no true woman caB forgive that. ” “I was angry,” confessed the earl; “ but listen, Lady Frances. After much trouble I found out where Miss Tremayne lived ; I went to her home at night, and found her there with another lover.” “ Another lover 1 ” exclaimed the girl. “No, no 1 I cannot believe that.” j ‘ ‘ But I tell you that I did! I saw their shadows on the blind, and I waited until they came out into the garden. I heard words of love—I heard kisses. “ And then ?” “ I demanded who the fellow was, for my heart was bursting with jealousy, rage, despair, and my life is wrecked—is desolate.” Lady Francis was silent for a few minutes ; then she looked up, saying : “ This is a sad story, Athol, but I can not believe' that this man was a lover if Marian Tremayne was your promised wife. What explanation did she offer, or were you too angry to listen to her ? Depend upon it, you are wrecking your own life by your impetuosity—by your temper and your pride.” “No, no!” he laughed harshly. “I am surprised that you defend her ; I did not expect that you would, and yet I am glad. She refused to tell me who the man was ; she could not deny her wicked ness—her guilt, but became indignantly heroic, and ordered me to leave her forever 1 She declared that she hated me for suspecting her-that she would not marry me if I begged of her to do so on my knees.” “ That is a proof that she was innocent of any wrong,” said Lady Frances, firmly, a new light coming into her eyes. ■ “ You forget,” he went on, brokenly, “that what I saw with my own eyes was what I had been told to expect. You mean well, Lady Frances, but the good ness of your heart leads you into sophistry that is worse than fallacious. I would give the whole of my fortune if I could believe you—I would give my fortune to know that I had misjudged the woman I hoped to make my wife—the only woman 1 can ever love. . I feel that I have in a measure done my duty by telling you all, and I shall go away knowing that you do not quite regard me as a villain.” Lady Frances was too agitated to speak for a few moments; then she took one of his hands between hers, and he felt a warm tear fall upon it. ; “I can never think ill of you, Athol,” she said, ‘ ‘ and am sorry for this trouble that has come into your life. I know that it must be terrible, but you have misjudged Marian Tremayne.” He rose with a sad, hopeless sort of smile, and pressing a light kiss upon her cheek, whispered: “ Good-by.” “ For the last time 1 ” “For the last time,” he said. “ Speak for me to your mother and to mine. I don’t want any fuss, and I feel that most of my sorrow is due to the countess. Some day 1 will forgive her ; I cannot quite do it now. I can see that she exults over my defeat.” “Athol!” “It is true, Frances. You are my only woman friend. You are enshrined in my heart forever." “ Hut you will tell me where you are going ? ” she asked, her face wet with tears. “ I do not know myself. Good-by.” He pressed her hand tightly, and was gone. Lady Frances could restrain herself no longer, but fell to the floor in a swoon. In this state she was found an hour later by Lady Travers and the Countess of Lytte. The countess had seen her son’s note and followed him to Lady Travers’. She was in a state of great agitation, and when she knew that he was really gone, she felt that her plans had ended badly indeed. (To be Continued). 