WHIT SUNDAY AT CHRIST CHURCH. A very enjoyablo children's service in Christ Church was conducted by tho Rev E. A. Craw ford yesterday afternoon. Tho children assembled at the Sunday school, and preceded by the rev. gentleman sang the hymn, as a processional, " When God of old came down from Heaven," as.thev entered the church. Tho sorvice was splendidly arranged for tho occasion, and the singing of the children belonging to tho junior choir, as they walked round the interior of the sacred building with Mrs Bury Westwood at the organ playing tho various tunes, wiis appreciated, the voices blending so nicely with the tone of the instrument. The Rev E. A. Crawford took fur his address a running commentary, on the 207th hymn. In the course of his interesting instruction, he referred to our Lord's Resurrection and the facts connected therewith. He observed that Mis sionaries to foreign lands had to learn tho lan guage of tho heathen beforo they could be understood, whereas the Apostles wero miracu lously able" to speak it and understand all languages without previous knowledge. It was the Holy Spirit teaching and being present with them, the x-esult being that 3000 souls were added to the church, The rev gentleman concluded his discourse with an eloquent appeal to the children and all present, that as their bodies were the temples of the Holy Ghost, they should think of others gently and kindly, not trying to get an advantage over others to their own gain, but to live with a desire to help others, by refraining from evil speaking and ruling their tongues, from hurling others, and so by tho help of tho Holy Spirit cultivating a spirit of purity and grace that their hearts might become the dwelling placo of tho great Comforter, who would always be ready to help in all things on this earth. By doing this they could never go wrong on this earth, and in the world to come would enjoy everlasting life. The morning and evening services were yes terday well attended. The incumbent officiated. The music rendered at the morning service was of a bright and cheerful character, consisting of Goodson's "Venite" ; Tours Te Doum and Benedictus ; Walmsley's "Kyrie" and Tallis's " Glorin." The anthem was Attwood's " Come Holy Ghost. The solos, duetts, and quartettes throughout wero effectively rendered by Mrs Westwood, Miss Hosier, and Messrs Hobson and Gardiner. At the evening service the 6ermon was on " Australian Unity." Mr Crawford said it was generally considered that the clergy from their pulpits should not interfere in politics. In sume cases lie considered it was right to refrain from interfsring in political matters; but in other cases it would be a breach of duty to neglect to do so, and the present crisis in our national history was one of those cases. . . Tho mon elected to frame the Commonwealth Bill were chosen by the democratic party, and they had given them a good measure. It had been thoroughly considered, and not done' in baste. Everything invited them to union, and to make a strong federal government under the British Crown. In stirring terms the rev gentleman strongly advised all to make strenuous efforts to carry tho measure on Friday next. Tho musical service was Winchester's in F, and during the evening Dr Clarke Whitfield's anthem, " Behold how good and joyful a thing it is to seo brethren dwell together in unity." - The bass solo was finely rendered by Mr Gardiner, as was also the duet by Mrs Westwood und Mr Hobson, the choruses being spiritedly sung by the choir. Mr C. T. Hosier as. usual efficiently presided at the organ. Sir W. A. Zeirl (one of the franrers of the bill) was present at tho evening servico. 