HOW GHOSTS ARE MADE; A 'OHAT WITH AN ITINERANT ILLUSIONIST. I nilr the;hbistmnalor'at a'bountry fair. In e lield sdt iiparhfor the village "feaiib"* 'rok'o Piroadinbtiiit, Biooatiiog agnllerlo cocoa' not shkii6h, d n t d he m ''nn 'wolidotfiul thiigs Whii lich make p a ru'niso saturnalia. Artrlii il"in a oritiiairolo worb 'booas'tiii ikdei· , for aRtow ienao, tlihe villgers ner ablb'Lto a ide ttij li t ieot il'o n oichlli, thL only liviinig inolinnaidl,the woiideriful twfns, and a bowildeiiig iarmy of I,'liits froin the spRldtr of lianlet's fatIher to the phantomo wliloh Ihunted old Soroogo. I mounted the steop leading to the glio't show ad saw a flit loman sitting in the pyr tbok llpnkiilg a pipie w'itlh nudiltative deliberation. Thern was niothliag spcctlral orluiicnny ibout him. leo Wan i hiply, jolly, good tempered fellow, with a sul)reme colltempt for thLs spirits which lie hl chltled from the vasty deoep Ily his alde wa hlis blioinm wife, a woman of macnie fligulre iho, In the days of youth and beauty, had ayed Opiholia In half the barns of IEng. d.I e o hink iow mlny times the poor old'lhdy had booil dro?sued. " Well, how ro' the gihoss to-diay ?" I shouted, , wli.th aPaul Pry 'mnovenioit, I plishc i)my head tluhrouih the hao lf.-oL;enid door. " Oh, they'ro Iai'ng'a rest just now," ehlickled the old 0man, 's he removed lhii pipo from Ills mouth and pointed with hil liager to a. seat. "lThe spirits have valn lshed-i-to nmoke," alod le Il ? l puffld anlya itvihulkeireiuo contelltlt. ""lIw long have youl 'beeo raisiiig giots '1" I skedi. " Ohil, a great maniy years. I have boeen on theiroad nigh on thirty years, and Pro been r?ioing ghotes all Ihnt time. Ali, yes; I'v got usedi to llhem by this timle. They're only flesh and ilond, like many a ghost would turn out to be if eOnained." "'Yos, I daresay. But lihaven't your ghosts been taken' for real sIectroe l'any a time 1" " Oh, yes, In tle early days of ghost shows. You see, the people know nlothing about it then. Now they understand how the illusion is produced. Schlool Boards hvoe nigh on ruined us. Boys and girls idon't come to our shoir expecting to be friphliloned--tley come to enjoy a scienltific exlperliment. In the old days they came to the show wiith fear and treoibliig-ay,mien andrl wolen too. They expected real ghoists., aid tllhey went away with the impnlressilon that they had seen them. Why, one Illght s the aiulgol hoveoed over Thello Collier's Dyin Child,' a womain shrileked to them to save the boy." " Yos, that part of the illusion is very reali-tht. You have had maniiy experiences of hlnt killnd, I sulpplo I?" "No, inot mraoy. Ours is a very huultlrum life. I remember pIying Meiphiisto in an adaptlationl of ent, when one old fellow gt so angry at the way helpedll Faust to kill his friend that lie threw a heavy walk. lig.stick at my shaldow. It struck Ilit !sfatoeglase in front nand splintered it. \Wlhen Ssaw what had liappened I threrw lhe stage into darkness. The play was over for that nightl, you Imoy be sure. " Ayl talkimig of hfeplhisto," the old fellow went on, hils wrinkled face smiling with deliluht as eho recalled the stories of his early days, " I had a curious adventure once. I wlas playing Meplhisto in coIlltery village.about the size of this, and ail tile men ani wolen for miles around came to see inc. hoe ghost show was a wonderful attraction in thlose days, sir. The co6umtry lIeople used to watch the play with breath les'attention, Well, I had finilied play. Intg the part one night 'when a note camn boldndi tlie sconoe to say that Mlr. Verulam, of The Ioall, wisled to seeme. I itol the boy to brig the golitleman round, and hnniedhitely afterwards a fine, well. drieseld maIn came to the corner of the inailn whioh i ai a?a .h ..e...-O...f,-. mg "siglit o the Ilery-rsh robes with whirhi I waa usually droessed for the part, ie said, excitedly : "'Stop I don't take them off. I want you to play lepihisto up at The lhal.' WhIatil' I cried with all iicredulous look, ' llay lllohisto in a draiwing roomn Can't be done, sir I' "'No,no, I don't mean that,'lhe returnei quickly ; 'cooe with me at once, and 1'11 ive you a five poundl note for your trouble.' "' All right,' I sald,'and covereil up ny rod robes with a big shawl. Ile had hie carriage walting outside, and we got into it and drove ol' In the direction of The hall. "I wac puauled to know what lie wanted me for, but my doubts were quickly allayed. It seelm that hills wife hid lost a beautliul dihmond bracelet, And supleclon had fallen' upon one of thi nmahle. The mistress of the house iad good grounds for heir sliolelons, although thley wee not such as.would warranlt a nrrest. The. girl's boxo. had.been searched, anld every Inook and corner of her bedroom examinid. Notlilhi, however;, wa found. DMr. Veau lan's wife iersealed In thinkihig that the girl had stolon the j'ewel' anid hildoenit until the'matter had been for. gotton. That iighllt lie iscortlilned tlhat the girl had gone to see Faust witll her felloaw servanlt, and lie hit upon a lucky idea. HIo knbw how superstitious the maid was-in foet, all country girls were just then--and le'resola'ed to take ad?ntainlool it. To do so he had invited ain to Tihe Hall to'lllay thepart of a ghostly'dAee stive. As sool as Iva reached Thle hlall hoe smuggled tne through a sole door into the library. There he?disclosed his plans. lie wanted me to seiain there In the dark until the maid artl'ed'from' the shiow. As soon as shi cahe hi howivould ring for her in thie'nstia way. and riequlloet'or to light the lainp In the library. As abo did so I wa'tso mriken my ap learaece, cut off her retieat, and, in my most sepulchral tlounl, question her about the missing jewel." "flow dil the expedlenb suaoeeed " I askled, much interested ii the oowmann's recital. ',lOh, calitally," and the old follow chucdekled aglin at the recolliectlon Of the incident. " Thhe maid arrived iabolt half. sn-hourihter, havingl, o.f course, to wallk all the way to 'w lil'll, and rho1011y nfiierwalrds I liheal the leiviet giveo itircitliu ls Ii'r Ithe hbrarry Wla. tImo ibe liglttl. It itooud n1 11ny red lhIo in a cuvlnimidil e ites 111?er thei door, aii, ios F lon+ the la?u" hal bien uIllt liti it l hu , ' ill ' i l l( I tl hi ilo thol i l, I slhowly nlli rItl fr laill liy lit iillg. . l ii ... 1. h, lr. V .I, y . e iita 11 1 i,11 1 In( h t lu(I tlly fol lil · hu il n 'I fint. I hil .hli|i . yiliit ati t iJ lii lil?. l i tl ·t, in whillh jt'u u'I ' f "ill all illlllort'lou li putt, tht, e lcl'L \dl't w vcry ?ltro .i?, 'hI 1 11 hi ir,, ' it luca ll lii' fo. i l i i i ii,, I , t i hi i t thlid it ell f tit , 1i1' it, -li .l ,, l. , iii i - t t. ti'' \1111 ilu 'ti' I i 11111?J 1 1111,11 th ilt ? ih Iht! il n lih, I, 111111II, w liil li Iilii I s ivil ' d l-,pp 1II III 111111 I liii ,li.. 11111 plill , ih 1ll i , lll tliu uint ib jill II1h " \Vu ,,II, I It i h b,m ul behind . ! ' l ,I, "a J i'a l hil pe ,i ll lit':.t in Ihi-s ·. 0 .1 1111l h,,,1'1. I, t),,kL ,,p hill< Is , ,,fh I h. Sh ? I can -hall il u bil t i thi - w . tlljllll hY ,e' .ied IUc l IIP lw i h. ? ll l ie I hi., of thnl,,, IiheiV ro IIn il· h w Ih n(l e h, I Ivlu I In.is ;im i 'l I I"ill 1·i-. l It ?l II l'i ' lll ll v a h t w w ill Kl ifo olf nlil J. ,11ii Oil I ol "t l lo lh llh t if, i. dillh,l Ill lt ll' i II, A I ld i l le.. Thi, I Ill ,1 ovenl ' i whilch When I want aghlio? nloileair at cr e,,rtnhl pn oll thlLy, i o orhglahl 0f ShL ghoul loa down. op the lowor, platform, and ni eerblg.ilgl~t is1 thrown uli-e. lhlim by crnieas of kne Jets oran oxyhydrogen nlamp. In thab Ipostion' ho throwe his honde and feetabotit ns toqulred, but'bid6di ivanlks-beioaso he" oahi't. Wienze I wanc him to walk h'o Is t pulloed nlm ?trbllpyi;ahd'then by inmvipv. Iov (el"lib 1i host Is edoen to6 bb Wiklkig bit` "Thenq hIwdos 5 hosgliosd'le[l'p,?'l'': "Oh, eelly.eneoinlh. Tho~bven.liglin [io 'triCneil dowin and ;Lohel'otlil'iig uro turne .i op nt an equ?' ranto Than the fighre dieap )oars." . 'You man k the ghosts efng "eccasional lly. Ilow ln that mannked t" 'Well, if yo 'are ) orn to the otanho you will iiercolho tlh?t 'tho'eoend 'comeaofrone the ' ov6n, 'nd not from elto' thaij6.'' The' mdn lvnvo toi 'id n' tlhr bhnels." '' But hlowdo you malio Iglltt'loriirb'e float e6bbbt." . " Merely' , nIlother opiia illusion. '.Tho. fighrsr of the perforecore only are vislbie hoe 'lsotago. . All the apparatues necesary, for their extraondinnry attitude.is draped in blhick no lilft' lthou h it Is roloothld on tie stane, It is not visible to thii'pooilb'in the show. 'FTint is tloe ;wayi wp na?e thle spirit's unlmi write, b?ad 'low we tlnhoitdle on the elago without botleao All tliCoi eti of telp lrformer is carefully hidehii "with block cloth.=. .(1liop.;.. 