TERRIBLE BURNING ACCIDENT A Sydney Man Falls on a. Hot Steam-Pipe in a Bath. His Flesh Adhered to the Pipe Like a Steak to a Fryingpan. An Awful Sight. WHILE in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. Tho shock of tho burning and tho fall proved to bo very disastrous for Mr Jarvis, and for a number of years aftor ho was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, howovor, reports-began to bo circulated in tho neighbourhood that Mr Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had had a most marvellous recovery from this ap parently incurable malady. It was on account of thoso rumours that a special reporter from tho Sydney Worker was despatched to get all information icgard iug samo, and ono aftorneon ho made his way to his houso, -15 Crown-lano, Ultimo. Mr Thos. Jarvis was discovorod nursing n two-yoar-old baby, and his faco declared him ono of tho happiest mon in Sydnoy. Ho was up and about, and ablo to answer tho knock at tho door. Although palo and bearing still a few marks of a critical ill ness and a period of pain, it was very clear that howas an invalid no moro. Iv roply to tho preliminary questions ho said :— '* You want to know all about my caso? "Well, lam gladof an opportunity to 'tell you. Tho facts may be of valuo to those who aro stricken as 1 was." " How long woro you suffering ?" " Woll, 12 months ago I got so bad that I had to leavo off work, and I havo done nothing siuco then. About fivo years ago noxt Christmas I met with an accident; I was badly scalded whilo taking a.bath iv Pitt-stroot, Sydney. Siuco tho accident I havo boon in failing health, and aftor four years of gradual development of £ho malady I was forcod to givo up my billot at tho Globe Island." ". What wore the symptoms ?" " Simply indescribable. ' Tho pains were something torriblo. Thoy woro just about as much ns I could bear. Thoy woro for all tho world liko ns if a saw woro cutting my bones in two in every part of mo. I had no control ovor my bowols or bladder, and was a nuisance to mysolf and ovoryono else. I was incessantly shivoriug and shaking, and could neither cat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, aud ho told mc that my caso was utterly hopeless. Howovor, ho gavo mo an order to the Directcr of Charitablo Insti tutions." " Did you mako uso of tho order ? " No ; I camo homo and went to bod, and havo boon-protty well in bed over sinco. Pivo wooks ago I could not walk across tho floor ; in fact, I coulci not got out of bed. I felt then that it wns all over with mc. and only a quostion of days when I would give tin the ghost. My dontor was attend ing mo. and did all ho could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony 1 was in. I was undor him for fivo or six weeks. Ho camo to tho conclusiou thnt I wns suffering from locomotor atnxin, or piogrossivo loco motor ataxy, a disease of tho spinal chord, characterised by poculinr disturbances of gait, and diiliculty in co- ordinating volun tary movements. Ho told mc that I might last for 10 years, and tliat I might never got tho uso of my legs. (Just thon tlio patient kiclrod his legs about with ouorgy to show that medical opinion is not infal lible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I graspod at an idoa con voyed by the advertisement describing tho cure effected iv tho caso of another boilor maker in England, which I read in the ??Ji-s/calinu Workman, by Dr. "Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People. 1 read iv tho adver tisement of a caso which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give tho pills atrial anyway, and sent for a box. Tho effect was as marvellous as it wns magical. I was able to oat and sleep ns though nothing was the matter with mc. It was tho first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately loft tho bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches thero ? Thoy nro porfectly new, and I havo never used thoui. Thoy wero made for mo beforo I got Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." ?' Ho is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs Jarvis, who had ;como in and takon tho baby on hor knees. " Tho Dr. Williams' Piuk Pills for Palo Peoplo havo saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked 10 yoai-s youngor that day than ho did a fortnight previous. " I cau now," continued Jarvis, " havo a cold bath, and all tho feeling hns como back into my legs. I nscribo all tho change aud benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. Thoy havo saved my life. lamiu no pain now, whatever, aud feel liko a now mau. On the mantelpiece thore is a box of opium aud morphia pills which the doctor gavo mo to deaden tho excruciating pain. But thoy cau stay whero they aro, for I no longer noed them. Evorybody who knows m? has boon amazed at tho chnngo in mo. They cau hardly boliovo thoir oyes. My being about again has caused quito a sen sation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said iv all tho chief news papers of this country of tho astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People. Thoy euro locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis and spinal distaso, also tho many disorders which ariso from an impoverished stato of tho blood, such as amemin, palo and sallow complexion, general muscular woaknoss, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortnoss ot broath, pains in tho back, norvous heudacho, etc. Mr J. S. T."M'Gowon,leador of tho Labor Party iv tho N.$.W. Legislative Assombly, was soon by our reporter in connection with tho rouiarkablo caso of Thomas Jarvis. Mr M'Gowon snys ho has known Jarvis from infancy. Ue also knew that ho had to give up his work at Glebe Island abat toirs 12 months ago owing to a malady which ho developed. Ho afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, aud that thero was littlo chance of liis recovery. Ho understood Jarvis \va3 refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his case had beon pro nounced incurable. Mr M'Gowon wns. thereforo, like everyone else who know tho facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jnrvis. These wonderful pills arc obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Queen's Placo, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order, ono box for 2s Od, or half-dozen for 15s 3d. Sco that tho genuiuo Dr. Williams' aro gotton. 