My Good Faijpy. ? -? A LONDON EPISODE. ?' By BX)BBRT BUCHANAN, ?? ' Author of ' God and the Man,' ' The . Shadow and #he Sword,' 'Stormy Waters,' 'Farther Anthony,' 'Ttie ? t Wedding Ring,' &c;, &c.; ? *' CHAPTER I. Par back in tflie early sixties, that is to Say, about five and tnirby years ago, 1 was living in 'tfhe top room, or garret, of a: lodging-house in Stamford-street — a dismal thoroughfare, which runs at a. right. angle between 'tihe Blackfriars and the ^Waterloo roads. I bad come to London. v!SpiiSh the conventional half-crown in my pbtket, 'to seek 3T.y £01*111116 as a literary man, ana I was going through the uBuaf preliininanes of dishallucination, disappointment, and semi-starvation. ]\ly room, -which I toad already occupied about a year, was wthat is technically known as a foed-sibting-room, .drearily fur nished in Mie hideous styjle of the period, ?with a few ricketty chairs, an old arm chair stuffed with horsehair, a four-post bedstead with grimy chintz curtains, win dow- curtains to matdhj and a piece of un clean and dilapidated carpet. There was a toy fireplace, communicating with tine chimney, which smoked confoundedly whenever the fire was lighted. For the use of ?Ms room I paid tihe princely- sum of eix shillings a week. Poor as tlhe place was, and exposed in times of Storms to draughts from all the airs of heaven, I was happy enough mere, and at night-tune especially, when the cur '?? tains were drawn, the lamp burning, my 'pipe lit, and my books and writing, mate ? rials spread before me, I asked for no : snugger quarters. At twenty years of age one can be contented anywhere, and is ai most independent of physical conditions. , But the worst of tfie life I led was not its extreme poverty, amounting not unfre ! quently to absolute privation, but ite lone ! finess. I had not a single relation or mend i in London, and almost the only persons with whom I exchanged commumoataons from time to time were the newspaper edi tors, for whom I occasionally did a little work. Hoav often in those solitary days ! did I wander up and down tbp crowded Strand, or loiter on Waterloo-bridge, or wander away in St. James's Park, yearn ; ing all the time for a kindly greeting, for ' the touch of a friendly liand. I was shabby and seedy, as well as hard up, and the only acquaintances I might 'have made ' were tihe idle 'loafers, Whose vulgarity and ignorance repelled me, and whose room was better than their company. Now and then, indeed, on the lonely bridges, 1 dropped into talk with the weary women who haunted the gasligh't, and felt piti fully drawn to them for the sake of their sad' ?humanity. I was poor as tihey were, and, knowing that, uhey often gave me a sisterly word. All this time I was writing, writing, writing; planning masterpieces which wei-e destined never to reach completion, dream . ing of wealth, and fame, and scribbling numberless things, to boil the pot. Work, however, was difficult to get, and when ; it was got, the pay was miserable. A '- positive snowstorm of manuscript floated from my garret to the offices of the news papers and magazines, only to return again with the melancholy formula, 'De- clined with thanks.'' Still, by dint of constant attempts and endless perseve rance, I managed to scrape together a pit tance on which I lived. The one supreme object of ray ambi tion was to be a dramatic author, to write pieces for the stage. When a small boy, living in a country town, I had been a constant theatre-goer, and 1 had once perpetrated the words of a pantomime ior a country manager. From that first effort I had passed on to tragedies and comedies in five acts, domestic dramas, and even farces and operettas, and every month or ?two added another to my list of unacted productions. Copies of these great efforts had been duly sent to London managers, sometimes to be returned ignominiously like my other literary efforts, more often to be lost altogether in the dark abysses of the managerial room, but in every case Dever to be opened or read. Meanwhile 1 still haunted the theatres whenever I could scrape up enough money for a seat in the pit or gallery. I saw all the great actors, and most ot the (smaller ones, and I seldom or never missed a new piece. Let me at once confess it, I was still, in spite of all my disenchantments, a believer in Fairyland, and London to me was tairy ground. The spirit of Dickens still dwelt there, and again and again, by lying in wait near Maiden-lane, 1 had seen the Great Enchanter himself pass by, carry ing a handbag and journeying to his omce in Wellington-street. He had taught mo to believe in humble happiness, human worth, and the fairy element in real hie eo that the very streets were enchanted and the very houses seemed inhabited by kindly gnomes and elves. For, remember, it was early in the sixties, and the mock ing modern spirit was not yet born, liven the portly gentleman in the spectacles, whom I could see any day trotting to the Garrick Club, and who was then described as the 'cynical Mr. Thackeray,' had not abandoned Fairyland altogether, and had indeed written romances for grown-up men and children. Nowadays, as you know, he is classed as a mere old-fashioned senti mentalist—almost as impossible as nis greater literary brother. As I have said, I believed in Fairyland, and the purpose of this story is to explain bow fully my belief was justified. I have said that I had no friends; eer tainly I had none outside my lodgings, and as I seldom or never set eyes on my landlady, and as my simple wants were attended to by a sort of red-haired female hurricane (who went and came with a succession of snorts, and was alto gether too hard worked to be capable of any conversation) I could scarcely be eaid to have companionship at home. Of the other dwellers in this place I knew little or nothing, though I fear some of them were of rather doubtful reputation. The only other room on the same floor as mine was occupied by a printer's composi ifcor, who was out all night and sound asleep in bed all day; a sort of Box, who left behind him when lie came and went an odor suggestive of mjngled printer's ink and ardent spirits. It was not till I had been residing in the house for some months that I became aware of a fellow lodger of the opposite sex, who 'occupied two small rooms, a sit ting an'd a bedroom, on the floor below mine, and who appeared to come and go mysteriously at all hours of the day and night. Now and then I heard her singing to bhe accompaniment of a very bad piano; and the songs she sang were not at all edifying, in so far as they consisted of the music-hall ditties popular in the \- early sixties; such as — ' , A pork pie hat, and a little white feather. And knickerbockers ior the dirty weather, In the Strand, .in the Strand; in the JSixahd, '-,??' ~ I wish I was with Nancy, ? Ijd^Ido. ,,-,-,. .-,,,.,. In a second floor for evermore' '? ? ' ; -' '; ' To live and die with Nancy* ;? -; f ''. The voice, moreover, struck;itne as fa little shrill and vulgar. Fori'Sthls reason among others, my impression ?-of jhy neighbor was not favorable. ' '?'? ; ; r Nor was it rendered more favorable by an occasional glimpse caught of her on the stairs or 1 in the street. -£he dressed rather loudly, and . ther-e was something on her cheeks that looked like rouge. Yet shge could not liaye been more than 18 or '19 years old,, arid her face was decidedly pretty, her/hair a bright auburn, ana her eyes a sparkling blue. I wish I could add that her manners had the 'repose that suits the caste of Vere de Vere,' but, alas, they hadn't. She waB, on the con trary, rather a loud young lady, much given to whistling on the stairs, banging doors, and giggling in and out of season. ?And yet, little as I suspected it, she was a Good Fairy; a real subs'tan'tial, shining Good Fairy, of the sort that 'the adorable Dickens himself had dreamed of. See hojv difficult it is to judge by appearances. For a long time I did not understand her, and fancied indeed that she was no better than she should be. That the reader may picture to himself the two leading performers in the little drama that was to ensue, let him be re minded once more that it was the early sixties, and that both myself and my Fairy wore the awful costume of the period. He must pictoe to himself then, firstly, a curly-headed youth in a cut-away coat, pegtop trousers, and boots with elastic sides, and secondly, a roguish bright-eyed girl who wore a pork-pie hat and (crown ing horror of horrors) a crinoline. CHAPTER n. We .continued from time to tome to pass each other on tlhe stairs, at first silently, but afterwards with a murmured 'good morning' or 'good evening.' I was Dashful to excess in those days; added to which I was, as I have suggested, a little d'outotful of my neighbor. Some times when we met sne would draw aside to let me pass, and stand looking at me with roguish eyes, while I colored up to the ears and answered her careless greet ing. * Lonely as 1 was, those meetings soon became a pleasant break in my lifes monotony, and oiicen when I heard my neighbor ascending I would slip down stairs for the mere pleasure of passing her. Who was she? What was her name, and what her occupation? These were the ques tions. I began to ask myself and to put to t'he tempestuous maid of all work, who could give me very little information. Gradually, however, I discovered what I wished to know. Her name was 'Miss Costello,' and she was engaged in some capacity or obher at one of tne Strand theatres. I consulted a programme o-f the theatre in question, but her name was not there. A few nights la'ter, however, as I sat in the back row of the pit, listening to the inanities of a Cockney burlesque, I saw among a groub of 'utility' ladies, dressed in trunks and tights, the face and form I sought — those of my sprigh'tfly fellow-lodger. Our eyes meii, and I fancy she recognised me, for she tittered and said something to one of her companions. I was relieved, pleased even, to find that she was an artist of some sort. Though her name was not even mentioned in the play-bill the manager had given her about two lines to speak, and I am bound to add that she spoke them abominably. I was enabled now for the first time to take a good look at her, and I was sur prised to see how pretty she looked in her scanty costume. She was slight and de licately formed, with dainty hands and feet, and features alive with youth and good humor. From that time forward I became a frequent visitor to the theatre, and my interest' in 'Miss Costello' continued to grow. Do not run away with the notion that I was falling in love. My feeling, so far as I can remember, was one of pure friend ship and human sympathj — there was a sense of companionship in looking at and listening to my fellow-lodger, though we were still almost strangers. Late one night, however, as I was climbing garretward after a lonely stroll in the moonlit streets I came face to face with her close to her own rooms. She had evidently just come in, a.nd was lighting a candle at a gas jet on the landing. She smiled and nodded, and 1 was passing on when she called me back. 'I saw you in the front row of the pit last night,' she said graciously. 'Yes,' I replied, 'I had been there.' She tittered, and I felt horribly bashful and uncomfortable. The door of her s.o ting-room was open, and glancing through it I saw a shabby little chamber, with a cloth laid for supper, which consisted of bread and cheese and a glass of London porter. She followed my glance, smiled again, and led the way into the room. Scarcely knowing what I was about, I stood on the threshold hesitating. 'Come in and sit down,' she said, 'un- less you're tired and want to get to bed.' I assured her that I was not at all tired, and that I seldom retired to rest till the small hours in the morning. 'Bad boy,' she answered. 'What makes you sit up so late?' ^ Then before I could reply, she added, 'You needn't put down your pipe; you can smoke while I eat my supper.' As she spoke she threw off her hat and jacket, and waved me to a chair. I sat down speechless and gazed at her while she began, still standing, to eat .the bread and cheese and sip the porter. 'How long have you been living here?' she asked, after a pause, and when I told her I had been there about a year sh-, looked at me thoughtfully, and enquired. 'What do you do? I mean what are you?' 'I am an author,' I replied, somewhat proudly. 'A what?' 'An author!' I repeated. The statement appeared to astound and puzzle her, and she looked me over from head to foot with evident surprise ; then her face brightened, and she laughed aloud. 'O Lord!' she exclaimed, biting through a crust with her white teeth, and shrug ging her shoulders. 'Perhaps you don't understand what I mean?' I said, annoyed at her want of respect for my vocation. She shrugged her shoulders again, and took a sip at the porter, then looking at me slyly over the edge of the glass she smiled and observed — 'Oh, I understandrfwell enough. What do you write? Articles, stories, newspaper, stuff?' 'Anything,' I replied: 'you see, I'm only a beginner, and it's hard work before one is known. However, I'm determined to set on, and if I don't, it won't be my i I began to feel at inyj^^iiial^feg^ali I only lound out the other day that you were an actress. I thought once ofrso mg?on the stag* myself: ? Do you like- ct-v , 'Pr^^ well,^.%^'th^ replyt ''AU-^hy people -are. -m the profesMori-Md Tvl^ot to like it. /Father was a; scerie-paiittt^i down.^J?]ymbulhj he died: there, and si did mother. :I csime to London with, my eister two years 'ago, -and we %ent oil M extras' at Drury-lane.' ' ': 'Where is --your sister riisw?' I asked. * To^my surprise my 'iieighbbr's- face dar kened, and without making any reply itie began humming a ?popular tune, and walk ring over to the firepiace glanced at her self -in a broken* mirror above tne mantel piece. . 'So you live here all alone?' I enquired. 'That's about it,' . e'he 'replied. . I get thit'ty sniffings a week, and £he rooms cost me twelve. I used to nave one of the girls to live with' me, but she was too fast to suit me, and we didn't get on. My name isn't Costello, ' that's my, stage name; my real name is Smith— Fanny Smith. What's yours?' . ' ^ ' I told -iher, and to my surprise she laughed merrily. 'They've got another name for you at Uhe theatre, she said. 'They call you 'Curly,'- and they think you're my sweet heart/' Her manner was so frank and free of arriere pensee, and her mirtfli at the idea so contagious thaJt I found myself lough ing also, although I rattier resented the de scriptive and not too respectful nick-name her friends had given me. The ice once broken, I soon found myself talking freely and quite unrestrainedly to my new friend. I tora. her of my struggles (always, how ever, concealing the extremity of my priva tions), hinted at my ambition1, and spoke, in short, as I had noit spoken for many a tlay to any human soul. As I proceeded her pretty face grew graver and graver; but suddenly, in the midst of my talk, Big Ben struck twelve, and tlhe docks in the surrounding streets began 'to chime in an swer. 'Twelve o'clock,' she said, yawning and holding out her hand. 'Time for bye bye.' 'Good-night, Miss CostteHo,' I replied, shaking her hand and passing to the door. 'Fanny's my name, she cried, 'Miss, Costello's all rubbish. Good-n5ght.' So I left her and betook myself to my quarters on tne floor above. After that we met occasionally, though not so frequently as we migh't nave done had my new friend been less busy, for they were preparing a new piece at her theatre, and she had rather a longer part Bhan usual, and was much occupied with preparations and constant rehearsals. Sometimes she had company; not always of her own sex, and I could hear the piano playing till long after midnight. Another circumstance tended to keep us apart, and- indeed to keep me to a great extent to my own lonely quarters. At the very time of our first meeting things had been at a desperate pass with me finan cially, and they were growing worse every day. The newspapers and magazines seemed to have made a dead set at last against my contributions, and though 1 worked harder than ever it was hopeless labor. My few books, and such little per sonal ornaments as I possessed, had gone to the pawnbroker, and my wardrobe was following piece by piece. The time seemed fast approaching when I should have noth ing at all to wear. Poor as I was 1 was very proud, and I took care that no one suspected «iy desperate condition. In my brief talks with Fanny I posed as rather a prosperous person, and talked very largely about my literary prospects. J don't 'know if she suspected the truth; 11 so she never alluded to it, and moreover she was too full of her own affairs to have much time to discuss mine. Thus it happened that as the days went on I saw less and less of my little neigh bor I knrw that the new piece was sui; cessfully produced, and that she was praised for her performance in it; but I was unable to visit the theatre, beint practically a prisoner in my own room. One dismal afternoon, late in December.. I was sitting all alone, wondering which, prospect was the drearier— my own wretched future, or the wintry street be yond my window. It wanted only a week to Christmas, and the thought of the ap proaching holiday-time only deepened ni} sense. of personal misery. Suddenly I heard a soft knock at my door, and before I could call out 'Come in,' the door opened, and my neighbor ap peared on the threshold. She looked fresh and rosy, and wore her hat and cloak as if she had just come in from the street. 'I say, is this for you?' she said. '1 found it downetairs in the lobby, and I thought I would bring it up.' In her hand she held a brown paper parcel addressed to me. I recognised it ir a moment, and went red as fire. It was one of . my luckless manuscripts— a little two-act comedy, which had already bee returned contemptuously by more than one London manager. 'It's all right, thank you,' I stammered, taking the packet from her and placing it on the table. 'Yes, it's far me.' I tried to speak cheerfully, but in point of fact the return of this manuscript was my coup de grace. All my hopes had been built on its acceptance, axid I had been fondly dreaming. 'Oh, dear,' cried Fanny sympatheti cally, 'I'm afraid I've brought you bad news.' I forced a laugh. 'Not at all,' I said. 'It's only* a manuscript — something I wanted an opinion about — and — and — ' She interrupted me again with a little cry. She was bending over the 'packet and reading the superscription. 'Why, it's been to our theatre. Is it a play? Do you write plays? How funny.' I scarcely heard her, for it had suddenly occurred to me that there might after all be a letter inside, and I had opened the packet with trembling fingers, and found, folded in the manuscript, a half-sheet of notepaper with the following lithographed memorandum: — 'Mr. Isaacson presents his compliments to Mr. (here my name was written in) and begs to return him the enclosed manu script, which he is unable to accept for production.' With another hollow laugh I threw the paper on the table. Then 1 said loftily — 'I sent it to the manager, never think ing for a moment that it would be of any use to him. He has sent it back quite politely, that's all.' 'Who?' 'Why, Mr. Isaacson— your manager. I don't suppose he has read it.' 'You may bet twenty to one on that,' returned my neighbor. 'He never reads anything except the sporting papers.' 'Oh, ne'e that sort of man, is he£' I said carelessly. 'Yes,' she answered, nodding emphati cally; and . a beast into the bargain.' .' .'Without caring to jusk 'jher how shte came to that conclusion, I thought it advisable to chanire tEe Bubjecit. ; - 'Aiid. how are you getting ' on?' I .asked. 'I hear 'you've made quite a bit this time/'- . ? ^ir^5ea/'whe;^5e4r.'^ad I'm to We :a-.rea%;«ojQg pa*fc Aa the^^avaganza at ChiiBtmas-Hft good' speaking part, and double salary. Why naveu'4; you 'been to see me ip sthe *ew ptece?? T 4 I espfejnea that 1 had been bo ttaaib'y buBv-iad niy bands «to ftdl of work; &c.;, but I would come all in good time, and 1 wasTVoryglad abe toad been so fluccefcs&il.; As I spoke her clear 'brigh't eyes watched me attentively and somewliat sadly. Pre sently «he said — ??..?' 'Only last night: I heard Isaacson saying he d give (his head-fpr a. new comedy. The present one wont go long, it'* *oo elow. 1 suppose 'yours is clever?' ?- '- I smiled, thinking in my heart; that it was very clever; biit 1 explained with dignity that I had other viewB for it, and that I was in communication respecting it in another quarter. - :- Presently tihe stopped me, placing her little hand on my arm. - ' ' 'You're working too hard,' she said. 'You look awfully seedy.' * . 'Oh, I'm all right,' I responded. 'Very likely I Aall go out of town at Chrisfcmafl for a holiday. What's your new part to be?' . She brightened and smiled. 'Oh, a fairy — with a song and dance! Old Phillips says I ^hall knock them this time: ' 'Who's old Phillips?' 'Oh, a friend of mine who writes in tihe papers. He advises Isaacson, he does. Isaacson couldn't get -along without him.' My eyes opened. Could she poesitoly be alluding to Phillips, f/he great dramatic author and critic, wino did the theatrical reviews for 'the most influential newspaper of 'tihe metropolis? I asked her tlhe ques tion, and she nodded. . 'That's him,' she replied wdth ungram matioal emphasis. 'He's a good old sort, and takes quite an interest in us girls. You ought to have sent your play to him; I'd have made 'him read it!' My amazement deepened. To tfliink of Phillips— -t3ie great Phillips— before whom bofth managers and public trembled, being on terms of 'nfcimaey with a promoted ex tra lady! But, of course, I took the state ment with a grain of salt; not believing for a momenlt that it had any foundation in fact. 'Well, good-bye,' eaid Fanny, with her usual abruptness. 'I must get ready to go to the theatre. Don't work so hard, and mind you come and see me in the new piece as soon as possible!'- So saying she disappeared, leaving me di vided between shame and despair. Des pair predominated, for it seemed that I had now played my last card, and unless a miracle 'happened, there was nothing be fore me but starvation. A week passed by, and . my condition grew darker and darker. With only .just enough to buy a little bread, I crawled on from day to day. Too proud to beg or to reveal to anyone my real condition, I would creep out at night, and walk for hours in the dismal snow-clad streets, wondering what was to become of me, '. looking sometinies down into the depths of the black river, and wishing I had the courage to seek a last refuge there. I saw nothing of my neigh bor, indeed I carefully avoided her, feel ing that I could not' have endured her pity. At last — it was the night before Ohristmas Eve — I 'stood on Waterloo bridge, having paid my last halfpenny for toll to cross. The -enow was falling, and it was bitterly cold. My great coat had gone long ere that, and all the previous day I had only had a mouthful of food. I think I must have grown light-headed; for the lights of London seemed dancing wildly round me, and the living shapes that passed me seemed like ghosts in dream. Finally, as midnight struck, I let myself into the house where I lived, and crept, half-fainting, up the stairs. As I approached the landing below mine, I heard the sound of singing an-. piano-playing, mingled with merry laugh ter; then a shuffle of feet as if someone was dancing, and a clapping of hands. ] clutched at the bannister, and the whole landing seemed to rock beneath me; then, suddenly, I staggered, clutching at the door, and fell forward into empty space. The last thing I remember was the open ing of a door, the sudden flashing of lights, and then strange forms bending over me, while a voice that I seemed to know cried very far off it seemed, and in a sort of misty dream — 'Why, it's Curly!' CHAPTER in. When I again recovered consciousness— and it seemed that I had been tossing about for ages in a sort of troubled drean. — 1 was lying undressed in bed. It was- broad day, and looking wearily round, I recognised the faded furniture of my own room, but a bright fire was burning i: the grate, and the place looked quite com fortable and tidy. The air was full of a faint music like the chime of church bells, and beyond the frosted window, largt flakes of snow were falling. What had happened? How had I come there? I tried to think, but remembered little or nothing. All at once my attention was attracted by a movement near the fireplace, and looking that way, I saw to my amazement a man of about sixty years of age, long haired, long-bearded, seated in an arm chair, spectacles on nose, reading. What amazed me still more was that he held in his hand a book tiiat looked like manu script, which he was attentively perusing. Now he frowned, again he smiled,«yery grimly, Tbut suddenly he looked up, and his eyes met mine. ' Hullo.' he said, nodding. „ 'Hullo, I repeated faintly, while the room seemed to swim around me. Wflien I looked up again the strange man was. standing by tne bedside, and blinking down at me through his spectacles. 'Better now?' he asked, placing his hand on my forehead wdth another grim smile. His voice was gruff and deep, but not unkindly. I tried to answer Mm. but again the room swam round me. The next thing I remember js that the strange man was sup porting me' and moistening my Uds with a little weak spirits and water. Then, placing me gently back on the pillow, he went to the fireplace, and returned with a cup of something warm. Drink this,' he saiid, supporting me as before. ' No nonsense. You've got to drink it, and when that's done you'll have some mare.' It was a soup of some sort, and I drank it eageriy, for I felt very faint. All the time J was wondering what was the mat ter, and who my extraordinary visitor could be. 'Are vou a doctor?' I asked presently. The strange man grinned and nodded. 'Yes, Doctor Christmas. Come to make you well; to feed you up wdbh soup and chicken broth. Capital medicine, eh?' ? tyoB.*'-'* ?!?:????? ???-????? ?.-.;-;;.??-. --..'.. ;??-. -.?«?» ;i. ;^«-. -,';.:.. .;; ? . ,? ?-. .-?, 'Rather, but you'll soon, be all right now, won t you??/ : .,»... ' 'I hear bells ringing.' ffi^'C ''' ' ?.. -~ ; . 'Of course you* do. It's^Cairistoias Day. Now lifevpf wn and hav* 'another sleep.' v'I suppose I did as he commanded. On re-awakeriitig' I became aware of him again. He had gone back to ? his armchair, and was again ^reading the jnanuscript. Won der of wonders!- It looked like my manu script! 'This time he seemed quite.angry and excited, and I heard him muttering to/ififeiseKi ?? ?'?' ? ' - ???'?-?. ?- ?' ?' But now tSiere came the sound of a rustling dress, and I saw, still to -my woiu der, my little neighbor standing in t&e; room, dressed very quietly in a dark stuff gown, with a white collar and wristbands. 1 thought she never looked eo.gretty-^ 'How is he now?' she was; saying' very soffcly- ..??' „ i 'uomiiig round all right,' answered the strange., man, just glancing lip from the maaii^eript^lheh, after a moment, he put down, the manuscript and uttered what I must admit was 'an imprecation. 'Hush. What's the matter?' cried my friend. :. . - - ' The reply seemed irrelevant. 'Isaacson's a ? ass. Didn't you,' tell me the youngster had sent him this to read?' Of course, I did. Hush, Joe, he's listening.' I was listening in increased, amazement. ? Who was the surly stranger whom my neigiioor addressed so familiarly as 'Joe?' If he was a doctor, what was he doing with my manuscript, and why did he seem so angry? « But now Fanny was bending over me, and her little soft hand was placed gently on my brow. As I looked up at her and tried to answer her kindly smile, my eyes \ filled with tears, and I turned my face on the pillow, sobbing like a child. A day or so later the mysterv was ex plained.' On the night before Christmas Eve Fanny had found me lying insensible on the landing outside her room. She had company jthat evening— two girl friends from the' theatre, with their huiB bands, small actors; and with their assis tance she had carried me to bed while a doctor was sent for.- The secret ? of my condition was soon discovered; I was practically starving, and my privations had brought on a feverish attack which needed careful watching. 'Poor fellow,' said .Fanny, after she had explained everything. 'Why didn't you tell me you were so hard up? As she spoke my old shame came over me, and I turned away to avoid her eyes. 'Never mind,' 6he cried presently. 'Father Christmas will look after you, and I'm going to be your @ood Fairy.' 'Who is Father Christmas?' I enquired. 'The doctor?' She laughed. 'Yes, and a stunning doctor, too, as you'll soon find out.' - 'Why do you call him Joe?' 'Because he is Joe, you silly boy. Joe Phillips that I told you auoui,. who write,* for the papers.'' Phillips, the critic. Phillips the Rhada mauthus of the press. It seemed too im probable, too impossible. The great man had been there, m my room, and had ac tually looked after me, and warmed my soup while Fanny was away at the theatre. Then hejiad vanished, and so far as I knew had not returned. 'But what was he doing with my manu script?' I cried, presently. ' 'Why, silly, I gave it him to read.' My poor heart sank within me, for I knew the severity of the great man s judg ments, and remembered how angry he had looked from time to time during the perusal. 'Oh, why did you do that?' I moaned feebly, 'I didn't want any one to read it— I— I—' Again she bent over me and smoothed ?the nair off my forehead. 'Never mind,' she whispered softly, 'Joe says that Isaacson is a fool, and that you've written a masterpiece, and that it has got to be produced, and that if Isaac son doesn't do it some one else will. Then she leant down and kissed my brow, and I felt — or was I still dreaming — a tear falling on my cheek. CHAPTER IV. So you see I had been right, after all. to believe in Fairyland. My Good Fairy had waved her wand, and all the world was changed for me. A week after that I was sitting up in my room, happier than I had been for many a year, and before me, re- _, splendent in fashionable clothes and jewel lery, sat Isaacson, the manager, actually discussing the terms on which he should produce my comedy. I fancy I should have made a very bad bargain, for the manager, with Hebraic keenness, took in the situation at a. glance, and had just offered t« Ouy the piece out right for fifty pounds (remember, reader, that the palmy days of authorship had not vet arrived), when Father Christmas in lerposed again and my Good Fairy backed him up. 'Don't take it,' sajd the critic gruffly. 'I can get you very different terms at the Hayraarket.' 'I should think so,' cried Fanny. The manager scowled at the critic, but his eyes rested more tenderly, I thought, on Fanny as he returned evasively— 'Of course if bhe piece is as good as you say— and I don't doubt it ? ' !'You'd better not,' cried Phillips. 'Come, I'll tell you what we'll accept. A hundred do- vyn, and two guineas a night; same terms in the provinces.' The manager gasped, while I myself al most fainted at the speaker's audacity. 'But I don't give more than that to Tom Taylor!' 'Tom Taylor be hanged! I tell you this is the very piece you've been looking for, and if you don't want to have it ? ' 'Tellee what I'll do,' cried Isaacson, 'I'll give the terms on'one condition— that Miss Costello. accepts the two years* en gagement I offered her, on the terms 1 named.' , , I looked again eagejrly at my Fairy, who frowned and turned her face away; then her eyes met mine, fixed appeahngly on hers, and 6he gave a little laugh. Isaacson rose. „ . 'That's what I'll do. You can talk it over, and let me know what you decide. He evidently meant wha. he said, and moved towards the door. Phillips looked annoyed, and I gathered at once that he had been bluffing on my account. All at once Fanny exclaimed— 'All right; I'm agreeable. ' ; Whereupon Isaacson withdrew in tne_ best of spirits, after arranging to send me a cheque and copy of agreement without We'll, my tale is almost ended. My j^lay was produced, and from that time forward I was. a more or less- successful author Fanny played in the piite, and played very well indeed, all things considered; but by this time she had grown a big public favorite, certain'to attract in any part Biif undertook. A few years later, she— but tli.it, as the phrase goes, is another story. ] was well to-do, and doing better every day, and she, a famous actress, was driving about in liei own brougham. Our friendship continued, for I never ceased to bless the kind friend who had first led me on to fortune. I am sorry to disappoint the reader who may have fancied all along that our little friendship was to end in matrimony. No pretty as Fanny was, and winsome and charming, she never expected me to make love to her. Once indeed, when 1 was al most on the verge of asking her to niarr me, she looked quite pained, and I sa' her eyes grow dim. 'Don't talk nonsense.' she said. ''You mustn't think of me like that, but only as your good Fairy.' And that is one among many reasons why, when silly people talk nonsense about the vs\;ekedness of the stage, and say ut\ kind things of the people in Fairyland, ] always get very angry; for (he 'face of Fanny rises up before me, and J remember what my good Fairy did lor me in the early sixties. 