_ _ _ R_ _._ _ _ _ _ _ f "\ L CIIAPTER XI!. THEY 0Tllh HAVE THEIR SECRucT. The time came when Pinnio could move around the house, and he fretted not a lit tie us to his future course. It nover occurred to him, or his friends, that he would return to the school. At that institution there was little chango. The Tiger never inquired for the boy, he may possibly have known-the means of knowing such things at the cornm mand of this wealthy Spaniard were far greater than that possessed by the city secret service; and It was an exceedingly curious fact-as stated by the chief of police -thatSpanoro had gone on to the Chamtber of Commerce once, as a total stranger, and made a smell fortune. He sold "futures" In consols. Three days after, a sailing packot came with the news that'consols had drop ped to such an extent that Spanoro reaped a great harvest. It Was secretly understood that in some way Spanero was interested in certain foreign governmental affairs, but not the slightest clue could be obtained as to the nature of this interest. Those weeks were not without events. The man who kept the rostaurant from whence the Tiger's meals were brought, had a little private ollico In the rear cnomer. This small room was noticeable on account of its baroness, the furniture consisting of two fragmentary chairs. And that was all. The waills were not plastered, but ceoiled. It had but one window, and that was un usually high and small If there were anly 'place tq store things in this little den it must have been in the wall by secret panel, for not even a box restedl upon the floor. There was a door leading into the restaur ant, and naother opening to the alley at the rear. These doors are trimmued with spring locks, both opening from within. The restaurant was peculiar in that it did not seem to have, nor seek, a regular custom. Very few who dropped in accidentally re peated the nccdllent. There was a wuaiter and he was deaf. The cook room was a rear reso in the nextbuildlng, connected by a swing door,. This side of the sqtuare ex tended lnto the disroputablo district, a sobt of thieves' quarters. Every city has such sections, and usually In close proximity to the respectable city. In this building a part of the history we are narrating transpires. At 1 o'clock in the morning, two of the most interesting characters it will ever be our misfortune to meet occupy the grimy and Insecure chairs mentioned as the furniture of the private room. One of these was the* proprietor of the restaurant. His round, ltupyhoad and high bare forehead were surmounted with a closely cropped covering of hair-a style notat all In vogue at that time. This man was probably forty-fivo years of ago. Tile face was broad and brown, leathery, and litnesrather than wrinkles crossed it, out lines of passion and sensuality. But his mouth was not thick and auilmal, on the csotrary.it was thin, somewhat broad, and intensely,detormined. If the reader lhas lit mind a picture of Spanuro, let this indivld ual be the contrary in feature. iHe was un der hlght, bit?? "stoUtly: butlt. 'His clothing woa of dark gray stull, old and greasy, and his hands cluitsy and repulsive. lie was a powerful man'and a character. A candle eras fai'ilng in the room on a chlmngy cornice; and cast an unhealthy and unfavoiable light upon this person and his companion. The latter was gaunt, tall and angular. Chest sunken, bald head, always covered by a consumptive- looking old wreck of a cap; he was of ashon-gray.countenaneo, large, red- streaked eyes. When he moved, his limbs moved only. IIis nose was slight ly Romanlzel,n and his teeth were waiting for the dentist of the futture. He was a spare, repulsive-ldoking creature, whom you woulds rather not meeot if the night without-h your club and a reliable dog. And yet, when hIe slioke, you listened "to a soft, kindly voice--a voice which you would Ssay you had.hteard before; and you would ransack, memory to find the owner of the originil-anlong all, the gentlemen you had met In the past. On his feet were sheep skin shoes, with wool left on the bottomss. The gnint, thin-faced man had a bad, graveyard cough. "I dunnua see, Stub, what ye do wi' that )ough whin ye're oot, moel" said the short mIan, whose name, so far as Boston culture could Inform us, was "Spotels." - "What wiould I be doing with anything thatIdidn't wsant" " "What wsid bnty thon be doon wi' it--wha, man, yud'shut it itp." "Yes, I do shit t ip-and with thisl" said Stub, his lank face and large eyes aglow as he brought forth a small vial filled with pellets. . "Un whsut mut it be thut I" asked Speters. "That Is the God that I worship. I am safe when that is with me, and in danger when it is niot." "Un It dodlt't Ink like opum." "But it comes from oplum," replied Stub, "'so they tell me, and It works mighty quick,' too, for in ten minutes I feel it tingle, and in twenty it puts Iron in my blood." "But, mon, It will kill thoo." "Can't do it too soon, Speters, I would not mind that, but the ghosts while I livel" "You're crcken. in yor ooper story-un you bsetter hveu it aloon." "I believe you, Spetors,.. I met a pair of lovers tli'otheir night; and ln.imylmilaen wss. a' drenal of what took my child from me years ago--and I looked up, and sure enough there was imy child what was drowned-as big as life, just as I dreamed." !Thut shoos thut yeo wont last much long. er.,' S"Your;right again, for, upon my soul. I saw before me ty 0own picture, as I was a squid hanging to my mothebs's apron strings in old Cambridge." "Yu didll And what did ya say to yer self l" asked Slpoters, with ia grin whlch call ed utp the idea of a gravoyard, "I didn't say a word to myself. I looked at myself aand nyself looked at met and upon my soul if myself dldn't faint away!" "Un we doon't blame myself for that,"sug gested Speters, "IN ANOTIIEIt MIOMENT TilH TWO MEN WErE DIOOlPO IN A I'ASSA(OEWAY TIIE DIREO TION OF WICHII WAISTOWAI(D THE VOUNID ATION OF THE 'HCIHOOL IUILDINO. " "But what had I to do with it? If it was a lad, why should he tumble overl" "Sure ano' wouldutl yer dooty kill a man at close quarters?" Stub openod his thin Jawn and took a pill into his mouth, and smucked his lips. "It was a ghost, Spe'tors-I know them, there was no one there." "An' yur not afraid uv umtl" "Afraid, manl Why man, what cares a man who has nothing to live for? Live for. ýleU set? lie S r!, t p, ;hr 12 no fear to i man who don't care when he turm bles off thb whlrf." "Why don't you tumble yourself ofil"said Spoters. "llecauso I haven't killol a Spaniard yetl" reslied Stub. "itev a care, Stub," sati tile other, with a heavy frown. "lIey a care about the Spun yard. Our mon he a Spunyard." "And I Iknew that, too-or I wouldn't have been hero." And so the interesting twain sat andl talk ed for a quarter of tan hour longer. It is not hardto see that Stuib has been a man of palrts. Ills language has but a slight mix. ture of dialect, and oven at this timno accent eand pronaunciationl pojilod to Io, inoeaoider. able cultara. Tihe thlo',ea r vocabulary Iltld not yet been invented. Blut the Inngulge of Speters was still more of a pez?lc-slimply bercalso his dialect was strainedr, andI ovi dently na poor attempt. to reach the North England type. With all ite depraviy evirl dent it thie mlake up of Stub, tilere was no question but that Speters was the most doe. perate villain of the two. A peculiar knloek was heard on the outer door, t key was thrust into the lock, and the Tiger entered. 110 glanced at Stub a moment, and turn. ing to Spoters, said: "Is this thie manut" "Tilo man" had his cold, stool-gray eyes on tohe Tiger. It was not tile ghuce that he had before cast upon a sul,posed ghost. It had somethlng of strength in it. Ie took another pill. "Thite is the mnnl," replied Spteors. "And has he done his work to-nightl" "Befoor we ahuswer thut, cap," said the short, stout villain, brittgipg his small, ser pent eyes upon the Tiger, "we will talk uv soolnthing tl.se." "Well, talk of what you want to, but get off from that brogue and do your practicing on tie devil." "That is all right, sir; but that Is not what I have to lay," returned the villain, ebdlnging his methlxl of speech. "If you hnve anything you wish to say be fore this titan; go ahead." "It is bolre this very man," said Spetoers, sulletnly. Spanero walked across the floor, a heavy frotn reeting utlpo his fitce. "D)rive otl," he nmuttered. "All I have to say is a devil of a little. It Is that we want to know the bilk in the glitter for Its." "Have you not been well paid for your servicesl" "Noo, we ha' noot." "Don't you got this d-d croak's nest for nothing?" said Spaneruo. •"Whut o"'thatl Her ye not crooked the bilk o' thousands here theesol'l" "Do I not pay you well for running this cookshopl" "An hov ye notyoer oon spun in the dish'" "Well, out with it, nnma," sputtered Spanlt ero, still walking backh ansd forth. "If you have uny thing to say, let it out." "Arid 1 her this to say, captain: 'If that ere cooli is busted noet wreok, he will haov his thloord, aun me will her iy Ithoord, antd ye will Iov yoor thoord-end that is all there be ti t."' "Atll if you don't get a ft put noteo" "Then pard an' me won't divide it up wP' yo." Slianoro took this all very coolly. Ieo waited i molient and then drew a silver mouttited pistol from his side coat pocket one of the long-barreled, flint-lock weapons -took his handkerchief and Itolished the barrol as he said: "Speters, we will have no words shout this jab. Yo witll do as 1 dliect, ' nl, no grltbslling, either. If yol matlne tile trouble I will pitt a bullot, into youllr Ilead, nond if you spout I will have you hung to tihe bridge within nn hour by a ,moli--do you under stand " "No, I don't," r'eturned the other. "luo you want tim to exslaint " asked, Splan* ere, lt'ilging the pistol to bear' upon Spe ters' face. During tills sometwhat interesting proceed intg.Stbh, whro apparoutly was not acqunlut ed writh Spaero, sit with his chitt on his breant and his eyes closel. I [i did not rsiso his lidls ven under tile inspiration of a possiblo row or even lmur'der--such is a luan neirlet of the criminal class. Nor did Spotors blink. In a cold, icy tone he replied : " Sptnero, if you play me foul, as you have another, you will be shitken out ln an hour and your rookeries burned to the ground. Plut up that nonsense-I am not a'rald of yo." "This wenyos, Speters, is quicker than a knife, and I propose \r stop this grumbling at onlce and for all." "You dol" said Speters, sharply, "Else there will be war between tus." "Then it will be war," replied the thickset mian carelessly, throwing one loeg over the other. "Spetors is a beautiful name, isn't Itl Now, you have not told this man here your othel name. Ie looks like a gentleman be side you, and I don't think you are a fit man for him to associate with. Shall lntroduce you to himl" "Look out, Spaniard," said the villain arousing himself. "You kill me, Spoters, at your leisure; and when I die a letter will be opened at po lico headquarters of this city which .will set every oiieo f.thesee cured new-fangled tale graphs in motion. Do you know what they will sayl" asked the Tiger, fastening his gray eyes on the leathery face before him. "No. What's it all aboot, anyhowt" "Well, it's about summoning every spy, detective and olflcer in this counlry to in. stant ditty." "It wouldl" "And then a United States clipper cruiser would go to France to warn the continent and England." "And what for?" "To hang you," said Spnnoro. - Tile villain raised his eyes to the Span lard's face, and they looked at each other steadily for a noment. Thon Speters lot fly a single word: "Ilelll" "Yoes, they want to find an assassin--one who kills princes and breaks up crown jotw els-seol" Liko a esakse uncolling after a fright, the tenre ntlusclos of Sptolors looseoe ndt his knit brow relInxes. T'lloen he rsays moodily: "Wha'lt will they do with the principal In that litle niffalrl" "le will be dead. You will have killed hint." "ipnulasrd, putt up tlhat pistol. IaInvoe your own wasy." Sluttcro put It out of eight and moved to the loo'r. "8pctre, ]'tlunle is still at -the lanwyer's house. I want either you or this man to coot hull." SIansr'o w'ithdrew and closed the door; but innolediately opened It again, thrust in his hand and aitd: "Tot notice has gone to hendqliwrters that If IMr. North brings funds with hln from Philadelphia he had better take it to his house, andl keep the businees tIlco under full guard," Ho then withdrew. Spoters looked up and said: "Stub, what makes your eyes so brlghtt" Tho fact was that Stub was sitting tp as jtrailght as a militia colonel.:hls eyes prill liant and his chooks aflame. "It's the cough medlciul" "Was there something about Spanero that brought out theBpllsr' "Yes," replied Stub, "But I don't know what it was." "Then you don't Iknow this hell brat?' "XNo." "It is well; but did you get into the house?" "Yes. I entered two of the rooms." "You're a cat." "I inspected all the lighted rooms from the outside and from the projecting windows. Two of the dark rooms I entered by a large chilnnoy, in which there had been no fires for a long time." "Wonderfull Did you locate the muni mnot roomsi" "Yes, and can get into it wiythout breaking a wall or a lock." "Give it to us easy, Stub." "I faith I speak tle truth. I saw the keys talen from a panel when I was in the roouo." "The devil I" "Yes," said Stub, "Istood in the fireplace. and, curseo my miserable soul, if I didn't have to hustle to got there, when a line old lady entered with a candlo--nud all that crowd in tIhe other rooms, too." "Seratps" ejaculated the other nian. "Yes, Spotecr, andl, by the ragged St. Francis, the old lady looked right nt mle, squarely-and silo didn't know it-I didn't have mly parly clotheos o, you see." "Slio would have sworn sle looked nt the devil!" "Sheo unlocked a little panelo in the old fashlioned wainlwsotted wall, ald took out tle keys. The jiln end of my knifo wvill forceit, and there il'o but two doors to the vault. It is off front an old dining-room-used in the old Dutch days. IBut the most. singular tiling was what I saw lu the crowid,through tile wildows--tho young woman who was with my spook-the one that fainted away." "Spook '" asked Spotor. S"Yes. The slimlns with the big eyes. The otherone of myself. "Wonder if that spook isn't linniec" "Tie chap what the boss wanted us to put under coverl" "That's tile chick, Stuib." "Well tills fellow will not go under scd again-not until I go!" "Well, let us go hence," said Spotors, suddenly changing t he subject. Without a word the two imen passed out into the restaurauint rooms. They silently wended their way behlnd ia liqluor countllr, lifted a trap doord,iad, in the darkness, si lently droppedt to he rellir below. Wilhout stumbling over iany of the nu merous Ikgs lld es.ks, the villlniOlls ItwanL mads their way to thoe orsnr of the cellilr, direclly under the private roiom tlhey Ilhad re centlyleft. Spolers scratched one of ile thlen recently invented icifelr Imatc:hs, and lighted two bull's-eye oil lanterns. lit anotlher Imonllse t the two men were dig. ging ina passcgoway, tile direction of which: was toward tho foundations of the "strhool building." The corner of the brick work of that lute rior building was, perhaps, 150 feet away from the rear of the restaurant, and in that interior structuro, on the lirst Iloor. was the vault or the treasure rooml of Spianro. Upon the oulsilo was but a blauk wall up to the fourth floor, iand tihen i single window mnark ed the pliae whore thle Spanishl artist's private room was, adjoining his ollloo. And her e We leave the precious twain to their dnrk work-in whlich tile Tiger was probably not a partner. CIIAl'TIE? XIII. 1lO10E LIGIITLhY, AND MlAY GOD STAY TT7 YOU. One day Conradl North stepped quietly into Ills inothlcrls "work-rouol," nlit nil uniiUsIll hoiur for one so ifll of business. "Who gave you permission to cosee i;. herq, rilrnh l" said tle parent. "1 conne, demanding a surrunder of this castllo." "To whom?" "To tlhe invader." '"Do you collme peaceably?" she asked, poilltiig t cnlilbic sIneldle at thei intruder. "Well, mother," he replied ill i low tone, "sendllyousr sgarl'iso1 away. I wishl to tnlk to youlnlone." So "Mllly," tle imid, capit ull;ted and withdrew, and tl e tl he young man Ibgan Iis conversation by kicking over tile wirk-basklet full of buttons and things. "I have been thinking i great deal about liss ln.aont," he said. "I suppose I think too nmuch about hIer. Ilave you aniy remedy for such It clompllantt" "I knows of none, except to got better ac quainted with her and lind out that she is olsirtul, like thel rest of ius, my son." "But how can I properly pursue an object with which I never caial in contact? Can we bring hor withfu our circlot" "Our circle, my son, would not receive her; nut at present-though she is doubtless every way worthy of admission." "No," said Conrad, rellectively, "the Ri ders, the Plumbs, the Snapdragons, the Ar tnmisia Ambrosinfolias etc., etc., would tako pains to snub her." "Conrad," sald his mother slowly, "iwhy do you wish to become further acquainted with lur." "Well, mother, I may as well intko a clean breast of it. 1 am not satislled but that I love the girl. I want to be sensible slout it, but I never can conquer this lotkllg for her, longing for her, until I smeet her, and find that my measures of lise virtues and geniusi are myth of the brain." "Or heart," suggested Mrs. North. "Or heart." "Well, Conrad I" "Why, then I love her, end I inny as well snrrender. Is It not so?" "But, my son, if sile Is worthy of you, he. iug apparently a poor, but beautiful svaif, striggllig for botter things, perhaps a high or life, she will not permit you to win her; at least-not under present circumstances. And tlho s have not tlht btoter wsnso-of justice to you, thun she Is not worthy." To ?s Co.NTIsnu 