LITERARY NOTES. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT. LONDON, lGth September. Mr. Dnvlil Christie Murray, wlio Is being liberally used for advertisement purposes by the reorganised "London Morning," and gleams at us through his spectacles from every possible hoarding and dead wall In the metropolis, will not, It appenrs, absolutely edit the "Dally Mall's" Ineffectual rival. IT t has simply been engaged to supply n signed article regularly on the "Topic of the Hour," for the front page. I have rend several, and And theui sufficiently entertain- Ing chat. There is not, as a rule, -much concerning the "Topic of the Hour," but the adventures, experiences, theories and not-" able notions of David Christie Murray are endless. Never had man more touching faith In his own suhlimo ego. For example. In an article on the remarkable dicta of Sir William Crookes on the "Unseen World"-nt the British Association, Mr. Murray devotes a paragraph to the eminent scientist's obser vations, and a column to nn account of how he Interviewed the spirit of Robert Louis Stevenson. This Is quite n novelty In ghost stories, and should deeply Interest even those of yon who never met It.L.S. Mr. Murray himself did not ltuow the seigneur of Vnllum, but the latter, like most of us, thought a lot of "Joseph's Coat" and "Rain bow Gold," and had written to the author, praising them. When Stevenson died, Christie Murray was In America, and presid ed at the memorial meeting lu honor of the deceased romnnclst at Carnegie Hall, New Tor!;. A few nights later be was up coun try at a lonely little accommodation house lu Canada, wrestling with a new poem, and not thinking of R.L.S. "When," dcclnrcs Mr. Murray, "I went to bed. and put out my candle, Stevenson was miles away from my thoughts, and I was wrapped la the contem plation of the ono stubborn verso In nty poem. On a sudden, as I lay my face to the wall, I was a war 6, In some strange wny, of n figure behind me. I saw nothing, nnd heard nothing, but the Impression wns en tirely clear. The figure advanced with a certain willowy grace — It was as distinct to me as If I hnd seen It— reached the chair at the bedside, seemed to remove the shallow candlestick from chair to table, aud to sit down. Then the face became visible— to my Imagination alone— and 1 recognised It as that of Robert Louis Steveusou. When you kuow a face from photography only It is not easy for the Imagination to set Its fea tures in motion, but here they sparkled with a bright und affectionate animation. 'Now, I'll tell you- tvhat I should do with that verse If I were writing It.' There wns no sound, and yet the words were in my mind as clear ly as If a voice had spoken them; and not only that they had a certain characteristic tone, an Individuality, not to be defined, hut real. And then, without the faintest conscious effort of my own, came this verse:— - "With looks like any devils' grim, lie poured the brewagc till it ran, With fetid horror at the brim: . 'Now drink,' he gibed, and 'play the mini' lie reached the chalice forth; it stank; That my soul failed me, and 1 drank. Now, whether that bears anything of Stevenson's hall mark or no I cannot tell. But the thing happened, and whether It were a fact or a fancy in Its, Inward essential, it Is a fact from a historical point of view." Sir Weymss Reld, who was elected presi dent of the Institute of Journalists last week, in succession to Sir Edward Russell, is the managing director of the leviathan gnng of "tame authors" employed by Cas- solls Limited, aud the editor ot the "Speaker." He discovered Barry- Palu, Max l'emberton, Qulllcr Couch and mnuy others, and was one of the first of the alumni of letters to prac tically recognise Rider Haggard's sump tuous Imagination. "Dawn" and "The Witch's Head," you remember, were1 favor ably noticed by many of us reviewers, but the general public would . have none of Mr. Haggard tltl CnssolIs -brought out '/King Solomon's Mines." I rocall that i got an early copy oftbe latter, and so' wns able to announce' It in Australia ns the most capti vating adventure story of the year a fort night earlier than iny rivals. Mr. Woinyss Held began life as a reporter in Newcastle and Leeds, drifting thence to the gallery of the House of Commons, whore he represent ed tlie "Standard" and "Leeds Mercury," Recalled after a time to edit the "Mercury." then a great power in the provinces, Mr. Reld Introduced a new conception of nn edi tor's duties. He did not believe In being cbnined to the desk, and often might have been found dining with Mr. Gladstone, stay ing with Lord Houghton at Fryston Hall, or in London. In his vacations he rambled over Europe. He became the biographer of Lord Houghton and of Mr. W. E. Forster, and also often found time to lecture to local societies, particularly on subjects connected with the Brontes, concerning whom lie Is an expert. Woinyss Reld has written, three novels, the best of them— indeed the only one worth mentioning— being "Gladys Fane," a tqle of polltlcnl life, which contains some ex cellent portraits ot the statesmen of tlio early eighties, aud ran through five editions in three months. Mr. Reld left the "Mer cury" to join Cnssells ns editor and adviser in chief. He soon after started the "Spea ker." At first this paper did fairly well, but it has been long decaying and may not last. Sir Womyss Is popular with the pro fession. Ho has a genial temperament, acute observation, and thoroughly under stands journalism. The present Lord Chief Justice of England when at the bar was one day asked In court by a friend, "Russell, what's the extreme penalty for bigamy?" "Two mothers-in- law," was the instant reply. Mr. Geo. Glsslng would have done well to remember this when ho made bigamy the ground work of his new humorous novel, "The Town Tra veller." As he was desperately bent on being funny, whnt characters could be more useful than two comic mothers-in-law? They open out an unequalled vista of jocular pos sibilities. Truth to toll, however, Geb. Glss lng "in lighter vein" is not amusing. Like the Scotchman, he "jokes with dccflculty," and but. for some capital character studies, "The Town Traveller" would he a bore. As things ate, the book must be put down ns unworthy to rank with any of the author's previous work, and not to be mentioned In the. same hemisphere as "Tliyrza" or "Demos," or "The Nether World." Without going the length of the "Athen aeum" reviewer, who boldly classes "Wild Eclin" as the best novel William Black has written since "A Princess of Tliule," I "am open to admit It is a thoroughly readable story, giving a pleasantly Idealised picture of Inverness and tlie country around. The only complaint, Indeed, one has ever hnd to raise against Black's novels Is their simi larity. "Wild Eelln" will, bo recognised ns a recrudescence of "Madcap Violet" and several other Black heroines. She Is, how ever, a charming and vigorous personality, and why the author should kill her off In the final chapter I ennuot Imagine. As usual, Mr. Black's Scotch servants and gillies are admirable. Meredith worshippers are aghast at the temerity of Mr. G. F. Kenry In annexing for his new novel the title of "The Journnllst," which Is the name of nn unpublished master piece by the author of "Rlchnrd Foverel." I understand, however, Mr. Kenry does not mean to change It. By the way, mention of Georgo Meredith reminds me that a corres pondent of one of the literary weeklies lias been quoting ns one of the finest aphorisms on prayer the sentence from the "Pilgrim's Script" in Mr. Meredith's "Rlchnrd Fcverel,"— "who rises from prayer a better man, his prayer is answered." It Is a fine saying,. most of us will agree, "but the cu rious thing is," writes Mr. Malcolm AVatson, "that Mr. Meredith himself Is. not so sure of It as he once was. For In the recently revised new edition of Messrs. Constable, he made a slight alteration, and we have It on very good authority that be wanted to cnt It out altogeher, aud would have done so but for the urgent entreaty of one of the foremost writers of the younger generation." The foremost writer referred to Is Barrle. A good deal of Interest attaches to tlie forthcoming volume in which Captain Uny- ley AVebster relates his experiences In the cnnnibnl countries of New Guinea, Ac. His travels date from 1S03, and lie has been en voyage off and on till tlie present year. His small expedition of 14 wns savagely at tacked by the natives In Etna Bay (Dutch Now Guinea). Three of his men wore killed, and the natives began to feast on their dead bodies. Captain AA'ehstcr himself hnd a nar row escape, looking behind jast In time to avoid bnvlng his head spilt open with a bat- tlcnxe. Many strange customs, such ns elongating the cars to an elephantine size, arc recorded by Cnptaln AA'ehstcr. His discoveries in clude that of the source of the Illvor siin- Jem and the non-existence of the Blsmnrck Range. On one of the Sir Churlcs Hardy Islands he discovered the dead body of nn English white man, a trader who lived alone in a house raised above the ground. This was a shock, ns Captain AVeb ster Intended lo pny a friendly visit nnd give lilm some papers. A photograph of the murderers will nppear in the volume, which Mr. Fisher Umvin will publish In the au tumn. Over 100 illustrations will appear in all- It would be a terrible thing If, whilst still a young man, the brilliant author of those marvellous efforts "Tlie Time Machine" nnd "The AVar of the AA'orlds" were to he taken from us, nnd from the wife lie adores. I regret, however, to learn that Mr. H. H. AA'ells iias mora than onco witliln those last few weeks been on the brink of the un known. He Is still very ill, but hopes .nrc now eutcrtalned that with care he may pull round. Excessive cycling, which has of lute been Sir. AVells's chief diversion, seriously aggravated his Illness. AVlien taken 111 'Mr. AA'ells was engaged on. the novel nt which be has been working so long, nnd lie hopes to finish It as soon us lie is allowed to sit up In lied. A lady who has been asking hoard school children to give their Ideas of professors- professors in the abstract — sends to the "National Review" the result of the Inquiry. Hera are some of the replies: — "A professor is someone who writes stories." "A man who makes a book." "A .gentleman who publishes something." "A learned man well known." "Ono who can do lils work easily." "A man skilled In sense." "A professor Is a man who Is well off." "A man who lives In a nice house." "A professor tenches all kinds of instruments." "He Is one who knows different languages." "A professor Is a man or woman who teaches singing." "A mnn who knows clever tricks." "A person who professes to do something." "A man who snys he enn ilo anything." One Is re minded of the old story of the Oxford pro fessor who declined to he addressed liy the title for the reason that ho could not swim, never cut hair, aud Unow no conjuring tricks.' Tlie Into Mrs. Lynn Linton's greatest friend in Loudon was Mrs. Hector, bettor known to the world ns Airs. Alexander, the author of the delightful "Wooing O't," and a score of other more or less successful novels. T. I'. O'Connor relates that It was Ihe greatest delight of hostesses who know them both to ask them to meet each other nml engage them in n discussion on some topic of the day, notably on the bringing up of girls. This wns a subject on which Mrs. Alexander aud Airs. Lyuu-Liuton held very opposite views, and on which the former, having brought up her own three daughters most' successfully, felt she had n right to her opinion, which Mrs. Lynn-Linton never would allow. They were both brilliant con versationalists, aud while Mrs. Lynn-Linton hnd very shrewd reasoning powers, Mrs. Alexander's Irish birthright of ready wit nnd sparkling repartee always came to her aid in time of need, so that their discus sions provided ample amusement for the on lookers. Mrs. Alexander Is an . extremely sweet tempered woman, but she is well able to hold her own with all comers. There is an .amusing story of her- encounter with a lady whom we will call Mrs. F„ who was rather noted for her impolite speeches. The talk turned on one of Mrs. Alexander's daughters. ' "Oil! my1 dear"' snld' Mrs! P.,1 "how completely dear — — has lost all her good looks!" "Do you think so?" snld Airs. Alexander. "I fancy you have also lost some thing." "Why, what Is that?" queried Airs. F., in surprise. "Your manners," my donr," replied Airs. Alexander sweetly. The triumph of "Lord Kitchener of Khar toum," ns he will no doubt. soon become, has led to a temporary demand for Soudan literature. The. (hi. reprint of Father Ohr- wnider's "Ten Years'' Captivity" Is linviug a huge sale, nnd Boulger's "Gordon" and Slntln Pasha's "Fire and Sword In- the Soudan" are also piled up on book shop counters. Anyone who missed the latter when it came out should make a point of remedying the error. Few more exciting works of the sort are extant. On the night before her assassination, the unfortunate Empress of Austria spent two delightful hours listening to Marion Craw ford's "Corleoiio" read aloud. It Is, as you know, the story of n Sicilian vendetta, and ouo of the prolific cosmopolitan's, ablest novels. Alurders, or rather attempted mur ders, abound, nnd the Empress wns much horrified at the details, some of which strongly resemble those of her own death. This book wns selected by her majesty's reader, In consequence of a wish expressed by the Empress to visit Sicily, and In the hope of Inducing her to give up the Idea. Yob can buy "Corleone" in Australia and Now Zealand for 2s. Gd., hut hero a Os. edition has only just mndo its appearance. Air. Crawford Is one of the few Conserva tive authors who cling to the old two volume plan of bringing out their books. The Hon. David Carnegie's narrative of five years' pioneering and exploration in West Australia, which Messrs. C. Arth.ur Pearson have In hand, will hnvc the curious title of "Splulfcx nnd Snnd." Airs. Alanulngton Caffyn ("Iota"), whoso "Poor AInx" (an Idenlisod portrait of the late Dr. Caffyn, of Melbourne), hud not the success its cleverness and sympathetic tone deserved, Is writing a. new novel at Sou'th- sca. 