A SGARE-Ci30ftf SCARE. The week has seen the rise and fall of a war scarp. On Monday a field of blood rushed red in the sight of tho seers of civilisation. On Friday the hope of a fight was flat. The scare developed with all the usual symptoms. Tho Warrior Neild'a martial mous taches bristled on the Mining Ex change ; the brow of the great O'Snl livan was clouded with weighty ! thoughts as to the defence of Quean beyan and the fate of the nation, j Neir Zealand manned her forts, and Wellington (which is a town in New Zealand) went so far as to mount one great, big, new gun at the back of tho tovrn, where it wonld frown omin ously on any invader. These were the acute stages of the fever. Towards Thursday matters calmed somewhat. New Zealand resolved to be as patient as it was brave, and not send an ultimatum to the French Republic demanding the release of Dreyfus and the cession of New Caledonia ; the O'Sollivan turned his attention to statesmanship; the O'Neild dropped a book on tactics .to study — one on doggerel. The Armageddon was again postponed. Whether it is on the whole a good or evil thing that war has been averted, j it is hard to aay. Certainly war, or something, is required to stir the hearts of the .nations, to stretch their sluggish muscles, and quicken their feeble pulses. The world swoons in a swelter of bart and chicaneiV. Noble emotions, Btrong feelings, heroic ideas, are dying, and there is abroad on all sides a -spirit of puling compromise, of weak subjugation to wrong .which makes men as helots and nations as bond-peoples. We believe that the letting of blood would enra some of the foul humors which now fester and canker at the core of civilisation. A war has its' woes, but it has also its benefits. If it degrades somo men — or seems to — it onobles others. If masses are billed suddenly, quickly, in rapid foverish charge, instead of be ing rack-rented, starved, and scourged, slowly, gentoely, or piously to their graves, other massss are raised ont of tha muck and miro pf the common places of life to the ethereal heights where Heroism and.' Endurance sit. War, it may be an wil, but ' carnage is the daughter o[ pod,' and in val uations are often most trodlike. The war with which tho world has been just threatened (never really quite seriously, though), would, however, have been undoubtedly a calamity, as it would liuve i£up;od the two greatest pbwoi-ri cf civili^°jiii .uui progress against one' ruiotli^k On no other gi-ouiid would it iioedro be regretted, for tho menace -which li^ance, or France aud Russia combined,, could give to J'ugland would not bo serious. France is certainly a grcW j naval and military nation, but its naval power is in no wise cow.pavahle J with that oC England, and that fact' wonld cripplc its military strength in any attempt at offensive operations. Russia is a power of great pretensions but oC littlo real strength. As an offensive power her position is prac tically negligeable. It has become the custom of late to create a Russian bogey, and to bow in abject fear before its dreadful features. But, put to the test of military science, judged by the teachings of history, the bogey proves to have no more substantial grounds o£ menace than the hollowed-out-pumpkin-ghost of the humorous rustic. Kussia has tho wonderful power of resisting ag gression which all low organisms possess. Her people are somibarba rous ; her cities are, relatively speak ing, unimportant ; her lands are poor and unfertile. She is like a great jelly-fish which may be cut, aud cut, and cut, and still survive. To kill Russia would be impossible cxcept by a general scheme of military colonisa tion following upon conquest — a game which would hardly be worth the candle. It is this capacity for defence that has misled many people in calcu lating tho value of Russia as a factor in foreign politics. It is thought that because she entombed the Grande Armee of Napoleon in her icy wastes she must be a formidable fighting power. It is forgotten that her aggressive force does not come within the same range of calculation as her defensive force. A littlo minnow would find it very hard to kill a jelly fish, but the jelly-fish would find it just as hard to destroy the minnow ; and between Russia and England it would be a question as between a jelly fish aud a rapacious old pike with teeth sharpened by a thousand com bats. The history of modern Europe does not record a single creditable offensive campaign in which Russia has been engaged. Outside' of their own boun daries the troops of tho Czar have been often engaged but have never won a notable victory. Even con temptible littlo Turkey was about to make a brave show against the Colossus just before the Crimean -war. Tho only possible point at which Russia could hope to attack England would be on the borders of India. The shock of conflict there would not be very formidable. If Australia wero willing (as she probably would be) to send a few thousand men north to India to act as ' stiffening ' for the native troops, not a man would re quire to be drawn from England. The present magnificent British corps, with the native legions and the Aus tralians, would hold the frontiers of India for a^ceatury. Much more formidable would be the attack which England could make upon Russia. She could block the Black Sea and the Baltic and set a hostile ring round Russia's Chinese ports, and she could establish and keep an army at a point where it would constantly harrass and threaten St Petersburg. Modern warfare gives infinite strength to that side which can, resting upon a secure base, engirdle itself with fortifications. Even at the beginning of the century Wellington was abont to astonish the world by the results which he achieved from keeping the line of Torres Vedras as a base for his troops. This line of impenetrable fortifications was his armor. From behind it he sallied now and again to strike a telling blow, and then to re treat beyond the fear of reprisal. In time he wore down the magnificent armies which France opposed to him in the Peninsula. Of course the whole plan of Torres Vedras depended on a sea b«*e, on the constant receipt of supplies from England by sea way. It was precisely that which England could guarantee then, and conld with just as much surety guarantee now. England has no large standing army, but she oould, in case of war with Russia, land in that country £0,000 troops who, with the sea behind them and a veil-chosen, well-defended strategical line before them, bid defiance to almost a million of men. The command of the sea practically gives command of all land within easy striking distance of the sea. Even Russia and Franco combined should hiyve no terrors for England, since combined they could not wrest from her ihe mastery of the ocean. But a Wff against them would be cause for the deepest regret, if not for fear. It would cement with blood an uuholy aud unnatural alliance of autocracy and republicanism ; it would further eustrange two nations which, having reached the topmost pinnacle of civilisation, having th9 power of supplementing cacli other's wants, haviug no real rivalries which must conflict, are marked out by common, sense as allies and joint masters of tho world. A war with England on one side and France and Russia on the other, would harm France most, and would actually improve the position of Russia in European politics, since it would lea^e France most absolutely dependent on tho Sclavs in tho future. It wonld thns be a triumph for barbarism, and would set back the work of civilisa tion. When war does come we hope to sep the Gaul fighting by. the side of the Britisher, and tho two facing, if needs be, a world in arms in the cause of progress. But tho war will not co ine yet awhile, though, forsooth, the sewers ot civilisation badly want a Hushing of blood. « 