An Adventure With Elephants Elephant catching has long "been practised in our north-eastern districts in India. The most successful man was Mr. Sanderson, but a good deal' of that was due to the system introduced hy his predecessor, Mr. Nuttall, and tb his having acted on the advice of the late Captain William son to commence operations in the Garrow coun try, the old grounds having been over-hunted, and also to his own great energy and not inter fering too much with his, trained mahouts. I accompanied Mr.. Nuttall in one of his.last hunts-his health was then broken down from, re peated attacks of fever, which led, a year or so afterwards, to his death. ; But he was most an xious to do his duty, and, knowing that-I took great interest in everything connected with sport, he asked me to accompany him. I wanted bim then to try the foot of, the Garrow Hills, but his arrangements had already been made, and we went into one of his old beats in the Chittagong district. : To catch elephants months of preparations are required. I could not get away as soon as I ex pected, and it was only a few days before the Anal drive took place that I joined him. We were not very successful. In the first keddah only 27,.and in the'second only 19 elephants were, caught, which scarcely paid for tho expenses incurred; but no blame could bc attached to the superintendent, for both he and his head sergeant had been, and were still ill off and on from malarial fever. The chief jemader had died, the second had been killed, whilst the third, who would have succeeded, had left the department and taken. service with rae some time before; so, as the heads of the depart ment were not properly represented., the operations suffered. Elephant catching in keddahs has of tan been described, and, but for a curious-circum stance which happened, I should not be now writ ing this article. . The herd we had surrounded was a very large one, and after two days' con stant trouble and watching by day and night, the greater part of the animals had been driven into the re-entering angle of the keddah, when there M'as a great disturbance ahead, and the leading files halted and snowed signs of breaking back. We found it was caused by a tiger, who had got into the stockade and was endeavoring to get back into the jungle. Mr. Nuttall was aroused from his sick bed, and, looking very feeble, took command, and; every available man and beast was pushed to the front to induce the recalcitrant beasts to continue their flight within the enclosure. They were driven forward once or twice, hut rushed back in a panic on hearing the' guttural roar o"f the tiger, who was just inside , the paling in a clump of - long grass. I went,some distance ahead and climbed up a treo that overlooked the interior, with the view of slaying Mr. Stripes, but I could not get a glimpse of him. But he. must have left his post to try if he could find another exit, and dur ing this interval thc roaring ceased, and we managed to get twenty-seven adult elephants, five tuskers, two muchnas, fifteen well- grown fe males, and five three-parts grown youngsters, be sides about, four calves, well inside. The brute . just then roared again, and the "herd inside right ; about faced, and the people, fearing that it-might . escape, barred the entrance rather prematurely, ; for some dozen more elephants were then close :by, and might have- entered. The men on the ; look-out endeavored ' to withdraw the bars, -but ; just then a succession of Toars caused a fearful panic, and all those' not already entrapped forced their way hack and escaped. Nuttall had to re tire almost in an unconscious state, and, as I was a stranger, I had no control over the keddah' men, and neither my elephants nor jemadar were . with me. ?'? . Once a herd is entrapped, everything should be kept as quiet as possible. Fires are lit outside, and men armed with spears and blazing torches stationed outside; while the animals must not be I irritated. But that confounded tiger would not be quiet,, neither could he escape, so ho kept I them on the qui vive the whole night* If the j captives are left in peace for a few hours they I settle down and get reconciled to their fate. As soon as it was daybreak I asked Nuttall if I should go inside on. a staunch elephant and endeavor to shoot the feline, but 'he thought it was better not to do so; and now that, it was day-. ! light he thought the tiger would find â loophole and escape. I was just returning to my tent to bathe when there' was a greater row than ever, and the jemadar "begged . me to come with him, and he would show me a: tree when I could pot the. tiger-because, if he was allowed to disturb the herd much longer, be was sure they would i rush at the barred entrance in, a body and escape. I went at once and took up my position. I could see a greatjeommotion going on, but could not Ece any portion of the tiger. The.roaring of the,beast and- the- trumpeting of the elephants . was in cessant;- the herd, were gathered in a cluster, ; with their tails all but touching the stockade, en i deaVoriug to get away as far as possible, from a . clump of grass. - I was thinking of firing into . the grass, when I saw-a large tusker rush: for ; ward,'and with a. vigorous -kick with his forefoot, ; he sent a brindled mass flying, and following up ; his opponent quickly, be threw him well into tbe air. As he Hell the tusker got him between his legs and commenced to play football, kick ing the struggling brute forward with his hind legs and back with hi3 fore, and I knew all would soon be over.- ' The tiger's roars degenerated into half-roars, half-growls, which were all Tmt over .powered by the screams of the elephants, who in chorus created a din which could be heard many miles off, and which'were taken up and re-echoed by our tame elephants. This brought poor Nut tall off his sick bed; but the tragedy was all but [ finished. The tiger, with a dying effort, got i hold of the elephant's foreleg just above the foot; I .the pachyderm gave one prolonged scream, then, i shsking : off the incubus, spun clear, and with i lightning speed knelt-on his oponent, who soon j gave up the ghost. The enraged monster lifted him up and threw him towards the herd, who [ rushed forward, and in a few minutes kicked and ¡ trampled the tiger into the dirt, leaving no sem I blance of his ever having been the king of beasts, i Even after it was evident that there was no life left in .the foe, first'one elephant and then the ¡ other would Tun forward, and, after administer : ing a kick, quickly retire; giving utterance "to his valedictory address. We "had double guards oven the stockade for two days, and as the imprisoned* beasts had had no water and but such fodder as wo threw into them, they were greatly subdued, and we had no difficulty.in tethering them one -by one, and leading them to" a place where there was plenty of water and fodder. - As we could .j not remove" the skin of the tiger for nearly ture ej days it eventually spoilt; but when we got tho body of the tiger out, it was wonderful to see what little damage was done td :the skin, though, of course,'tho body was most "offensive. After being washed, and pegged out, no. one would have guessed what a violent death .the-beast had met, but. the hair peeled off, and asjiaitrophy the skin."' was useless. Our second venture was. even less successful, and quite. uneventful. Poor Nut jtall soon af terwards died,. exhausted by thirty years' residence in this malarial and pestilential portion of our possessions-but after doing his duty like a man.-P, T. Pollok, Col., in "Tho ¡Field." . . - 