CROWN LANDS AMENDMENT BILL. Third reading. . . The Hon, W. RUSSELL was sorry that Mr. Ward was not present. When the Bill was~Tn Committee the hon. member, un wittingly or otherwise, made a personal attack on him. He (the speaker) had simply _ referred to the hon. member's policy in the past when lie advocated closer settlement, and said Mr. Ward "was on a different line now. The hon. member at once attributed to him that he was acting for political purposes, and following the example of another member, a colleague of his 'own, he trotted him out, and then re ferred to the electors of the North-Eastern District as having been deceived and misled, and said they would not be again. He was sorry Mr. Ward had lent himself to that sort of thing. Mr. Ward seemed, to have a ghost eternally following him, and that was that he (the speaker) was going to fight the Northern District against aim, and when he said that for the pur pose of injuring him he was saying what was positively incorrect. Mr. Ward said his (the speaker's) only harbour of refuge was in opposing liim in the Northern Dis trict. Jle could not for the life of liim say where Miv Ward's harbour of refuge was, ' and when the lion, member gave himself ' away like be did in the debate was he not j justified in saying that as a cultivator of j the soil the hon. member had' not been a I success? In reference to the Bill itself, he j almost stood alone iu his proposal to reduce the maximum carrying cauacitv of the land I from 5,000 to 3,000 slieep.* (Hon. J. Lewis -''You knowvery little alioufc it.") Heknew more about themeansof thefarmers situated on that country than the hon. member, and he contended that to allow one person under the Act to hold in any shape or form land sufficient to depasture 5,000 sheep was detrimental to the closer settlement of the country. It was well known that they had passed through the driest times on record. How long was it since there was a great agitation to open up the Warcowie land? That cost the Government a great amount of, money. If they had another good season the people would ask for land the same as before. To go in for panic legislation, and from one extreme to another, was what he was not prepared for. He told the electors that the heavens would not fall or the earth quake because there were four Labour members in the Legislative Council, and if he were returned he would act as a go-between, and for four years he had acted independently. He called himself ail indi vidualist. and even if the Government Whip, Mr. McGregor, or his foster-mother, Mr. Gordon, came to him it did not matter. He could not forget the unfair treatment he received when he moved his amend ments. When Mr. Howe suggested to bim to withdraw the Council worna not let him. If to be singular was right, then he was right, and lie_ waifted, the -country to know it. 'Mr. Lewis "said that the average rain fall in some of the districts was only 5 ii}., and suggested that he should give the averages of those. particular districts since the land had been opened. He had gone to the trouble to get that information, and would give some figures. (Hon. A. 11. Addison-"Did you quote them before?") No. (Hon. A. R. Addison-"Then I hope they will be reliable.") If the hon. "mem ber ctxfld not put faith in the official re cords, then he would give liim up as a bad job. llr. Howe had pointed out that the country for those large Mocks included Baroota, Teloiyie, Terowie, and other parts around, and if a few men succeeded in. times ? of depression ,in getting those large estates for themselves good-by for ever to closer settlement in South Australia. In Hawker district the average rainfall for 13 vcars was 12.98 in.; in Warcowie for 20 ye'ats, 12.28. (Hon. J. G. Bice-"Tell us when the rain falls.") Mr. Addison would say that it would ? be -rfoolish; t<i put in. a . crop before the rain feil, while others wanted if- afterwards, so it did not matter when it fell. At Blinman the- average rainfall for 29 years was 13.92 in.; at Baroota, Mambray Park, for 13 years, 14.46 :u.; at Bnrouta, Fairview, for .11 years, 16.9(5 in.: at Telowie, for 15 -years," 13.93 in.; at Port Pirie, for 18 years, 13.18 in.; at Crystal Brook, for 14 years, 15.27 in.; at Wilson, for 8 years, 15.39 in.; at Arden Yale, for 8 years, 19.45 in.; at Quorn, for 14 years, 14.78 inj at Cradoekj for 7 years, 12.61 itf.; at Pammatta, for 12 years, 12.44 in.; at Hammond, for 8 years, 12.35 in.; at Wilmington, for 16 years, 18.57 in.; at Carrie ton, / for 12 jrears, 13.32 in.; at Johnsburg, for 12 years, 10.54 in.; at Eurelia, for 13 years, 14.92 in.: at Orroroo, for 22 years, 15.04 in.; at Blackrock, for 18 years, 13.20 in.; at Petersburg, for 14 years, 13.95 in.; at Cavanagh, for .12 years, 11.48 in.; at Cavanagh West, for 9 years, 12.11 in.; at Dawson, for 9 years, 11.65 in.; at Laura, for 19 years, 17.96 in.; at Cal towie, for 18 years, 18.30 in.; at James tow, for 18 years, 18.16 in.; at Gladstone, for' 17 years, 15.59 in.; at Frome, for 13 years, 14.78 in.; and at Tarcowie, for 18 jrears, 14.38 in. His object in quoting those figures was to give some reason for the attitude he had adopted. He was well aware that there was a better rainfall than many .members credited t[he country with. The past few years of drought had caused almost a panic, and some members who were carried away by a panic cry wanted to frighten the'people off the land. If they succeeded in doing that they would live to curse the day it- was done. He credited Mr. Howe with knowing more about the country and its rainfall than any member of the Council. (Hon. J. H, Gordon-"Ten inches is not a wheat growing rainfall.") There were only one or two cases that he had quoted iu which the rainfall was 10 in. (lion. J. H. Gor don-"What do you call a wheatgrowiug rainfall?") He did not) know of a place fit for growing wheat if,they experienced a dry September and October. He advo cated caution in this matter, and claimed that Parliament ought not_Jto allow this country to again be let in blocks of 100 square miles. He supported the Bill', but had pointed out some of its defects. The Hon. A. R. ADDISON said that if there were one member in the Council who ought to support closer settlement it was himself, because so much depended on the surroundings of his own holdings. With, out closer settlement) his mill would be of no value. Therefore in sayii^g that the land around that mill should be held in larger blocks he was speaking, against his, own interests. All the figures quoted by llr. Russell were utterly valueless. Mr. Russell kne w very well. that there were plr.ces within a few miles of those which enjoyed the rainfall quoted where they had nothing like that rainfall. Wheat growing; depended entirely ou the months in wliich the rain fell. Summer rains were necessary, and without these wheat growing in the North was impossible. He knew this from a twenty years' experience there, and Mr. Russell was equally aware of it, but it did not suit his purpose to mention it. What was the use of putting a flood in an average? They had had a 22 in. rain at Orroroo. What was the use of putting that amount in to make an average. That year they had 4 in. on January 1. If they wanted the Northern country to be farmed successfully men must have a sufficient area to run sheep, and no farmer in our dry areas should ever attempt to put in more than 300 acres. Jle should have that fallowed, and never think of doing that unless there was a summer rain. To go on year after year putting in 500, 000, 700, and even 1,000 acrcs was utter ruin, and the Bank of Eng< land itself could not 6tand it. l'tj would have been a good thing if the Pastoral JJill of to-day had passed twenty years ago. They would not then have heard of tjhe dis tress which existed now. Such a Bill would have been passed if it had not been for men like Mr. Russell, who were always cracking up the land. Carried. 