OPALTON. . [FROM OOH OWN OOB&EtiPONDBKT.l; Tho late copious fall of rain has given a .decided impetus to mining operations all over this district and several plaoes which for months have lain idle are oow -being actively worked. At the Bald Nab, wlvere several itlch " pots " have been obtained iu thc patt, Shillington and party are stoking c prospect- ât^ shaft on the northern side .of the hill ; and at tho Red Hill, about«, mile distant, R. fitrnard and porty arc prospecting .at a deep level, a " crop " which hos yielded «onie good stones near the surface. Should this show turn out right, it witt be a good thing for the iieSd, as there is a large aroa of untried ground adjacent; oo the surface of which good specimens have been occasionally found. The Hard mino, distant about three oiiiec irom unwtyï om claim, is also to have cnother trial. This mioe io the.early days gelded'some splendid opal, buttha*, lain idle on account of thc .hardness of tbe.gnjnnd and,tte scarcity of «roter. The Maine and Horse Greek are attracting thc attention of a number «f miners, sud from time to time small lots of opal arc obtained. Tho old workings on Sandy Creek still support ,& number of .men, and occasionally gems which bring,fancy prices are ucearthed. Since my! last letter (Cruise and pasty and Ralph EUI; ?ad party: kure respectively got small lots .af]1 good opal. The latter partgr got some boulder! opal bf splendid quality ia ilheir holdings on; Porerty Flab. I hear A few good stones were' lately got .by another party working near! them. A .large (party was to have left this' it eek to .prospect some country between J Rosebrook and Cork, but as DO rain had! allen in the vicinity the ide» was aban-'J loned. 1 [ MUSK. Cobb and iCo.'s buckboard arrived to time co Friday list with the Longreach sail, aud left on the return trip ón Sunday moroiug. Tbe regular running of a vehicle between Longreach au* Upsilon will be a hobo to the travelling public, and will no doubt be well patronised provided 4£ie fares are moderate. Our ¿awn Tennis Club is ta full swing, and I notice some of tho " colts'" «re making^ood progress, somn nest and fast jpjay being occa- sionally ethibitecl. Our Progress 'Association appears -to be dead. It would have been better ,to bar« finished the work -on hand .befóos giulDgup the ghost. - Tiie fence round the waterhole is ?till incomplete. The weather is fine, with a strong variable wind «ad cloudy sky, .Opslton¿ 11th January, 18*8, 