TintilGHTTHATCAST 50SHAD0W: Carious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who lire np among the Himalaya. Mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted -scores of yean to tlie study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of :lhd world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the"adepts," as these queer Hin •io called, for the purpose of finding r>»t the secret of their remarkable perforr - nees. They tvested him rather scurvily, ' * in terested him all the same. One day the pro fessor wanted to examiue some anoient San skrit muauorripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place whs as dark as the bottom or a well. *' I csa't see to read here," said the visitor. " The i. we will have some light," was the reply, sod immediately (the professor says) a Soft, ptarij light brightened the cave. He could not fed whence it came, but he noticed that it be' one strange quality—it cast not the eligkte.it thadoio. Tlas is i. story hard to believe, yet its truth is nS.'n ed l>y a man of vast learning and high ont.rictcr, and you who now read it h use no >e.tmn for doubt, except that all the lights go* have seen bsve cast shadows. Ihitrf or u.ihelief commonly runs parallel with otu's own experience. Br. Johnson sniffed at the acoount of the Lisbon earth quake. yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A iiMD who lias been ill for years and failed t« find n cure is sosptical when faiends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make biin well. What else but doubt could result from bis experienoe P Take an ex amnle:— •• la the ipriog of 1888,1w writes our corre spondent, "I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of aorta. At first my stomach nag deranged, toj appetite poor, and after eating 1 had patii And weight at lite eiiest, I was much troubled with wind and frequently spat up a aour fluid, alto bitter bile. Later on I Buffered from nervousness «nd great tie Caion of apirits. I kept up with my work, lud always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in tliis way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigcl's Syrup and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief; my food digested and gradually all nervousness left me. Although 1 had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it ased, I now gladly admit its value and its power over disease.. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel'a Curative Syrup, I have been in '.lie beat of health and apiriU. In the interests of suffering lihmanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffith's, tailor and outfitter, 1E1, Hocltley Hill, Birmingham, June 8tli, 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is wortii. On the other hand wc have a trustworthy wit ness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, (here is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel'a Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease—indigestion and dyspepsia; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over beartlis and homes where illness and pain hod cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe ell that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 7-14-21. 