THROUGH BATTLE TO PROIOTION, A Romance of Love and War, published by special arrangement. By "W.AJEa'OTESIE, WOOD, Author, of "Barrack and Battlefield," "Famous ' British Warships." "a Captain In the , Fusiliers," "Tales of the Service." "a Pastor's .Vengeance," "Boy Sladen of the Band," &c.;, &c.; COPYRIGHT.' '/. " , " . . . CHAPTER IX.— (Continued). They Were at work on lmporvised tables, which had been put up In the middle of the room— a long, bare apartment. In which the beds had. been ranged on three sides. There were half a dozen oC them In their shirt sleeves, and they had with them every avail- uoie memoer ot tne Medical stair corps, it was hard work and hot work this dealing with friend and foe, and so that they might the ' better cope with It the surgeons had their sleeves rolled up— sleeves that had been white hut which were now red and wet. To them, used to the dissecting room and hospital, the sight was common and a matter . of business. It inspired them with no ter- rors, their anxiety being to do their best for Englishmen and lilllmen alike, and In the shbrtest time. Tills was their business, and they did not want it to get ahead of them and cause them to have arrears of work to deal with. This, for. the time, was a human re- pairing shop, -where damages were, to be made good to the. best of the workmen's ability. ' These workmen were now on their mettle, and It was for them to prove that they were equal to their task. Operations were begun and ended almost before1 the patients had, the chance to realise the terrors of them. , Like some appalling dream, becoming slow-, ly clear on awakening, the sight that met his gaze assumed to Goddard Its real significance. He raised himself In his bed and looked about him. his eyes expressing horror and dismay. They rested on the senior, surgeon, a man with whom he was on close and friendly terms. He tried to call him, but could not speak. Turning, the better to use the knife he held, the surgeon met the major's gaze. He left his patient for a moment — this case was a very ordinary ohe, a mete shnttered bone which -leant taking oft a hand, and the soldier was a 'man who was sure to do well— and walked to' Goddard's' bedside. ' "You,. Barber?" asked Goddard, as If un certain of the doctors Identity. "Yes." replied the ' surgeon, pleasantly.- "What's' the miitter? I might be' a' wholesale murderer-er a slaughterman,' judging from the way you look at me.:.' Business Is pretty brisk, you see, this morning. You combat ants have had your turn— now It's ours, the despised non-combatants. Is there anything you want? If, sop ask, and I'll laive It sent for." "Take me away from here," said Goddard, the horror grqwlng upon- him. . "Take me away, and at once. I can't bear this." ; "Pooh!" returned Barber, good-humouredly. ' "You've nothing to bother about— why, you've had your turn. You've been laid our on that very table"— he pointed to that on which the senseless soldier, lay, "You>. were Just in trim for- It; ..(jlijn't need any anaesthetic; which was fortunate,, for we're .running a . bit short— didn't' expect such a demand, you know. . Now lie down nnd don't bother. I'm frightfully busy,, but' I'll give you. a look' In presently, when we're through with these howling tribesmen.' They're bringing, ano ther batch in." "Barber," said Goddard, earnestly, "If I'm not carried away from this awful place at once I'll, jump out of bed and go to my own quarters." "The devil you will!' answered the sur-' geon, rather testily. '.'It's a good thing, all the . patients are. not as much bothered as you are about their surroundings. You know we can't exactly pick and choose just now." "Do have me. taken out," Implored God dard plteously, " or i shall go stark ma'd," "Begad he would,", muttered Barber, as. he watched the major turn fits face. to the wall and press the palms of his hands against his .ears. . , jiv uuncu u uuupic ui luui in mm, uauc mclll take Major Goddard to his own quarters/and see that he was carefully covered in his bed, and resumed his- operatlon. "It's strange," he said' to a fellow-surgeon, as the fhilshed'pattent was lifted off the table and put Into a bed, "that a man 'like God dard)- having- fought like a very fury, as I'm told he has, and having seen what he's seen this morning and during the-nlght, should be disturbed by Buch a bit ot business as this." "I don't. know,'! replied- his friend. "I re member that after my first day in the dissect ing-room I had the horrors for-an entire month, and daren't sleep alone or In a room without a light!"- ; "Humph!" muttered Barber. "There "may be something In that, but It never, bothered me In that way. Now, then, my lads, hurry up with that tribesman who's got a bullet in his chest." Goddard passed for the time out of Barber's mind, which directed all its energies to the task of making the lilllman as fit as If he had been an Engllshmajj. It was part of the trony of the campaign thnt those who -had done their best to smash the hillmen should now he doing their utmost to patch them up again. So the grim work of the light Itself was fol lowed by the grimmer doings In the temporary hospital, and the soft and porous graveyard without the walls of Sadda. The diggers did their work both well and quickly, being anxious to see the last of It; and the doctors got their patients out of hand with corres ponding swiftness. Far more men had been killed than wounded, a circumstance which the senior surgeon said, speaking purely pro- I fesslonally, was not unwelcome, since , the fight had put upon a small staff labours which were unusually severe. What iwould ihavb happened If the fact had- been reversed- he could not tell;' but he opined that some df the patients, as -well as the surgeons, would have felt the 'pinch of circumstances. By nightfall much of the awe of the day had vanished. Death hud been busy amongst them. It was true, but the living had Btlll the' best of It. From the mere point of view of the military the matter had been eminently satisfactory. : -As- the General had put it that afternoon the hlllman had been largely hoist with liis own petard. The explosion of the mine at the main gate might have been disastrous fqr. the defenders, but It had proved the re verse, and had perhaps swept more of the tribesmen into eternity than all the firing and bayoneting of the British and native troops who formed the garriscn. The affair, the General said, reflected the highest credit on all concerned, and gloriously upheld the honour of the British arms. He hud hinted that it would be Impossible for him to do less than speak In terms of the highest praise c.f. the conduct of iill ranks, and that probably ' her Majesty would be advised that the affair was one for which a medal should be Issued. Then there was the comforting thought of what the folk tit home would Bay. A small band of tear correspondents were In Sadda with the troops, and already their despatches had been passed for publloittlon by the Gene ral. They hud torn out of the fort to the nearest telegraph station, heedless of dan ger, and each anxious only to be fh-st on the wires. Someone had written that thq corre spondents were an army's curse, and; a use less encumbrance; that they were men who tolled and spun not, and tnueh more to the same effect. But the General commanding at Sadda thought differently, and he uttered genuine praise as he saw the small) Intrepid body leave the fort nnd run us great a, risk as any member of Jthe military forces could encounter. He bhd vised the despatches as a matter of form; but the correspondents were left to tell their own tale in their own way to the people at home. . The Intense heat of the day had given place to a night of hitter cold. While the pitiless sun shone and. the stilling alt-oppressed- him, Goddard, having got the picture of the hos- nltal and the surgeons and their work ntff. T ; of his mind, fell to wondering how. It. was that Bingham did not , come to see_; him. Surely his .friend must': lie aware of .Wiwt had happened, and must know of his sister's escape- and her rescuer's Injury. If BO' v)ity did lie. ..not 'come and; make an- inquiry, if , only as a miitter of common' courtesy.?. ,/ . Goddard, thought also, though lie trlqd to repress the feeling,, that the woman he: had saved' at aubli great risk must think lightly: of his services, or have forgotten them alto gether, since she made no sign of coming near hlsi quarters. . Tills was no time nor place for . the exercise of formalities, and there was 110 reason,- at all why Miss Bingham, If she did not go herself, should not take the trouble to send, and iearn- how he was progressing. Goddard had beeii so long left. alone, that : when at -last Bingham noiselessly entered his . quarters he was In a semi-conscious- state. "I'm awfully sorry, Harold," began Bing ham, "but I. haven't had a ghost of a chance of calling before. I've been down the valley with a reconnoitring pnvty — we left as soon ns you'd got outside the walls this morning. I didn't : hoar-till . fiva.mlnu'tes ago of what you'd done. "I couldn't thank, you If- 1 tried. But you know what Gwen 1b to mp— and 1. don't forget what you tried to do .with. Henry. God bless you!".' . j .; v j':-: ' i) Goddard- was- In .full possession d£ his. senses now, and was already regretting thai he'- had. lor' even an Instant, entertained unkind, thoughts concerning Bingham and his sister.' He might have known that they were kept : away, by stress of circumstance .only. "Oh, bother It, Arthur," he protested, "I've, only, done my duty. How's you sister, and) how are. you? I've been left here so long.; and the" weather's so appalling, that I .was beginning to be as selfish-as an old-hen.!' "Gweh's been frightfully upset since she came back. They tell .me that she was so much done up that she went to sleep pretty , nearly straight off, and Is Sleeping yet. .They told me also of her abduction by. the lilllmen, and your rescue. But I'm sure they- haven't : .done, you justice." ; Bingham . again looked gratefully at God dard, and took the major's hand. " (TOBB OOKTISCBD.) 