lflTERATURE. 11 - cgrrrMw LITERARY GOSSIP. The Christmas number of the "Windsor Mngnzlue" will uphold Its reputation for va riety aud abundance of attractive matter, even without the addition of a complete no vel, "Phra the Phcenlcinn," as a special sup plement. This Issue abounds iu good things; there are. ns many literary, plums as Iu a Christmas, pudding, And the tastes of nit renders are- well catered for. . Naturally there are ninny articles suitable to the sea son. Christmas In Plctureland, as rendered by the old masters and the new, Is described by. John Oldcnstle, and there are reproduc tions of many celebrated pictures from The Nativity In the National Gallery, attributed by some critics to Murine, by others to Ve- lasquez, to The Holy Night, by C. Mullet', aud Oil the Way to Bethlehem, by F. Von Uhde. For the benellt of those who feel lutercst In the doings of royalty, we nre told how. the Prince und Princess of Wales spend Christmas at Suudrlngham, and we are even shown u picture of the table arranged for dinner. Miss Marie Corelli describes how a fairy tale should be told, with nil reference to ghosts nud frightful apparitions carefully avoided. If a story Is to he told to the Uttle ones before they go to bed he enre'ful that It Is of light and fantastic construction, with uotliiug hideous or revolting In It to harass the young brain during the night. There are short stories by Itudynrd Kipling, Bret Hnrte and Connu Doyle, encb In the charac teristic style of the author, while S. It. Croc kett commences a new serial which Is evi dently to be a continuation of "The Red Axe." "Quits" Is a buslirungiug story by Mory Gaunt. English readers always expect a bushranger or two in an Australian talc, and fancy there Is a deficiency of local color lug. If this want be not supplied. We have not by any means exhnusted the list of con tents. Buyers of the Christmas number of tho "Windsor" have no reason to complnln either of the quulity or quautlty. "Phra, the Phoeulclnu," written by the sou of Sir Ed ward Arnold, Is described us a philosophical and historical romunco. It Is not lacking in the clement of sensation, for ndnptlug the theory of reincarnation to the needs of ro mance, the hero Is mnde to puss "through several stages of existence In different periods of the world's history, and thus to obtain material of adventure Iu successive centuries. The "Review of Reviews" for December Is merely au ordinary number, the "uuuual" being now In course of preparation. Mr. W. T. Stead takes quite a patcrual interest In the Czar's pence proposul; indeed, he hints not obscurely that he Is the real originator of the Idcu, and he has been tourlug Europe ns a special commissioner for the "Dally News," with the object of obtaining the views of nil manner of distinguished people, from crowned heads downwards, oil the sub ject, or luoculntlng them with his own. The annual Is to be called "The United States of Europe or the Eve of the Parliament of Man," and he will record therein all his Im pressions, striving from the Stoud stand point to give a vivid renllstlc picture of Europe nt the end of the century, with the Czar In the character of an upostlc of pence. There 1b much that Is of interest In the monthly number. A striking character sketch Is given of the Emperor of Austria, written by u foreign Journnllst; and Mr. W. T. Stead — the moBt pro-Russian of English journalists since he passed under the Influ ence of Madame Novlkoff — gives Ills opinion of how the dimcultles In the Far East should be settled. In the Australian division a sketch is given of tho lute James Tyson, which Is really little more thun a reprint of matter already published in the dally papers. The collection of bush stories Issued In un- pretending guise by George Robertson and Co., under the title of "Racing In the Never Never." contains several sketches which are Interesting, because they' have been evident ly written wtth sympathy and experience. Without displaying any special literary qua lity, they hear the Impress of realism. "Bushwomau" writes about bush race mcet- iugs, the perils of fire, tho disaster of droughts, the humors of hut and of stock yards, the incidents which relieve the mono tony of life In the hack blocks, us one who has been there, and knows that of which she speaks; aud she looks at everything In a cheery spirit, which elicits a responsive and appreciative sentiment from her readers. At times, too, she can exhibit a happy descriptive faculty, ns In her account of a ramble In the Queensland bush. "Nearly everybody In Augusta Downs was busy with the shearing; the house was almost deserted, and it was one of those dull, heavy days when one does not know what to do to amuse oneself. It was so lonely and quiet, aud bo stiillngly hot that I put on my hat and set out with the Inten tion of walking to a belt of timber, where I had been told kangaroos and emus were to be seen ut close quarters. As I passed through the garden I disturbed a flock of pink walstcoated 'gnlnh' parrots that were feeding and 'preening' on the lawn. A few yards further were a number of long billed Ibis, both white and black, nlso feeding. The season being dry and water being scarce (except in the creek on which the homestead stood) was the cause of the birds venturing so close. Along the bank of the creek I saw numbers of beautiful birds. There nre great cranes, both blue and white — some busy fishing, some standing on one leg (In reverie fntboms deep). A covey of blnck duck rise with a whirr and a great quacking from the stream, shaking the water drops from their wings as they rise. A tiny brood of 'flappers' go 'skittering' along the surface. A solitary coot feeds by ihe bank; its plumage Is a rich blue, Its benk a vivid red, aud ns It moves It jerks up nt every second a little white fenther on Its back. Great 'shags,' with ragged wings, snll high overhend, and now and' again swoop down Into the water nfter prey. A dead tree Is quivering under/the, weight of a flock of wood duck; tiny black divers hob In and out quick as lightning— they nre agile little creatures. A swn'tnp pheasant Is uttering a dull, deep note somewhere out of sight; dove colored sum mer birds, partridgelike bower birds, rnl- nahs, lenlhcrheads and a few gorgeously tinted 'crimson wings' (their bodies a lovely emerald green, their wings a rich crimson and green), are flying close to the ground; last of all some birds which, to my rather short sight, look like the stntlon geese, hut they seem of enormous size, and have nn unfamiliar look about their bills, which makes me desirous of seeing them closely. To a pnrt "of the creek where there Is no wnter, I stealthily wend my way. Now I am quite close to them, half hidden behind a dead tree. I just gasp with nstou- Ishmeut, for they are pelicans. What mon sters they are, whnt ungainly creatures they look standing, whnt capacious bills they have to be sure. But what a delightful dis covery I have made. Now If I could hut find where the pelican builds her nest I should Iu truth be happy." Our Big Fire aud Strolling Players are the best sketches from n human aspect. "A Bnrricr Bride," by George Garnet, pub lished by George Robertson and Co., has been added to their colonial library. The story lins little to recommend It, save that It Is one of Australlnn Incident. Though It pur ports to tell the history of the Broken Hill strike, there Is more of Invention thnn of realistic accuracy about It. The introduction of n few real facts, the scarcely concealed reference to a few real personages, does not create realism. The plot In Its conception Is of the penny dreadful kind, and there Is little skill shown In the delineation of character. The puppets do not live. Briefly told, the story Is this:— A bnnk clerk nt Denlllquln Is con- victed for robbing a bank of £10,000. He Is the Inuoccnt scapegoat of au unscrupulous fellow ofllcer, who gets away with the plun der and leaves Walter Waltlnuu to suffer the penalty of his crime. Sentenced to 4 years' penal servitude, Waltbam manages to escape while belug conveyed across country to prison. He nearly perishes In the bush from thirst nud exhnustlon, but comos across a man apparently dead from these causes, and puts suspicion off his track by the familiar device of changing clothes. The "dead" man subsequently is discovered by the police, re vives, but with vanished reason, and so Is kept in a lunatic asylum as the convicted criminal, while Waltbam seeks his fortune at Broken. Hill. Here he meets with mniiy viclssllmlcs, goes through the strike and leaves the Barrier very little better off than when he- went there. But he lores, nnd is loved by a girl who proves to be the sister of the very man who has been converted Into an unconscious Impersonator. The denouement Is reached In Melbourne, whore the vllllan of the story is discovered In a wealthy speculator. He re ceives Ills deserts by being stubbed by a Mexican wife Just In time to prevent Ills marrying another girl. Wnlthnin's charac ter Is cleared by a deathbed confession, nnd so everything cuds happily. Both publishers and renders must be complaisant to give ap proval to stories of this calibre. "Chatter," by Magpie, is a reproduction of semi-humorous essays which have appeared tinder this title lu nn Adelaide journal. They may linve served their purpose 111 the "origi nal form, but wo have failed to discover the necessity for republication. "To Arms" Is a story by Andrew Balfour, Included In Metliucn's Colonial Library. The author has a keen appreciation of exciting adventures— the narrative of Allan Ollphnnt, chirurgcon. Is chock full of stirring Incident — but he does not display the faculty of dex terous relation. He Is neither a Scott nor a Stevenson, and he does not give a convincing expression to tills revival of historical reminiscences. The tale purports to be nn autobiographical record connected with the first Pretender's endeavor to regain the crown, which his father had lost. Ollphnnt, the son of a T.weedslde lnlrd, manages un wittingly to get mixed up In these comtno- tlons/flnrlng his medical studies at Edin burgh", '-a'ndVhns to tonss through a most amazing succession, of cxperI6nces..Love and politics combine' to,/' this end. He leaves home In the first Instance because he be lieves ' that Dorothy Wayward prefers an other mnn, and In Edinburgh he becomes ac quainted with a mysterious being, . Simon Solid, pli.vslv inn, spy nnd villain, whom he Is deceived Into believing to be really the father of the charming Dorothy. Not until he lias run the whole gnmut of adventure, nnd escaped being knocked on the hend a hundred times by fair means and foul. Is the mystery revealed. The plot Is altogether too confusing to benr condensation, and we can do no more than commend the story to those who are greedy for excitement with out being too crltlcul over such trifling mat ters as consistency and accuracy. "Yule Logs" is the title under which, a collection of talcs edited by .G. A, Houty has been issued hy Lougmaus us a Liiribiuius volume, uud Included In their Colonial Li brary. These short stories are by well known writers, Bloundcllc-Burton, Kirk Munroc, Munvllle Fenn, ifeuty uuu utuers, uuu „.e of a klnP-wiucnwUl appeal to all boys of adventurous t'iintiire; "They are vurled lu churacierafid the Incidents not lucking lu sensation nre related 'with Spirit. The book Is ouei which 'AllLuiakc u seasonable gift to boys. V \ '<«?> " " \ "The Mysterious' MKyabln". '(Ward, Lock nnd Co.) ,'<1b''X, title 'famlllur (o "Leader" readers, as, the '.story wus i>hbllphcd lu these columns lu Serial 'form. - The "author, Mr. E. Phillips Oppeulielm, Is u- Writer who Is muk- lng great strides lu populS'r favor. He bus the faculty of contriving plots with some touch of originality, aud though they rnuke considerable demuud on credulity, tbere Is so much vigor in tbe telling that critical objec tion is not roused until after the talc Is brought to a conclusion. A French noble man, who combines the undignified position of spy with a most wonderful power of con trolling political events. Is a pcculinr crea ture, but It Is Impossible uot to feel an In terest In tbe plot whereby he hopes to sent the Bourbons again upon the throne of France lu the person of his bouutlful niece and the worthless prince to whom Bhc Is uflluncod. In the attainment of his object he Is perfectly unscrupulous, aud Is willing to descend to burglary, robbery with vio lence and chicanery to secure this result. He contrives a scheme for purchasing German support by the betrayal of Englnnd, and the celebrated Kaiser telegram to Kruger Is In troduced ns evidence of how nearly his effortB were crowned with success. But lie falls ultimately, bis niece marries the man of her choice In an English lord, nnd Mr. Sabln, flying to America to escape Germnu resent ment, obtains protection for the time under the flag he had sought to dishonor, aud ulti mately flnds consolation In a love, which he hnd scorned In Ills days of ambition. There Is no lnck of excltmcnt In the story. "The Imperial Heritage," by E. E. Wil liams, also published by Ward, Lock and Co., Is a republication In volume form of n series of articles originally appearing In the "Windsor Magazine." They are of an In structive nnd Interesting nature, and nre In tended to give n bird's eye view of the wealth and Importance of Brltnln's colonial heritage. Naturally, In the space nt com- mnnd, the subject Is denlt with In n very im perfect fashion. The author recognises this fact, nnd does not present his book In any other light than as a finger post to direct tho — aajggagy:' eyes of Englishmen to the vast rcnlnSfS?" which as English citizens they nr 'mir9, While laying emphasis on the mnoraiteS-'' possibilities of the Empire's f ul Williams does not full to point out JS&w; lrL the shadows In the picture. He SS? lnrly mentions ns elements of dancSriSe growing tendency to leave the countfttft' nud to crowd Into cltles-snggestlng thViT would be an excellent thing to have ntfSSs cultural conscript lau nnd send every vSfSl man to rural occupation for ut lonst'shS? years; the Industrial competition oAfr'St elgner, eveu lit colonial markets, nnd-wh.t he thinks Is the excessive Importance taclied to auriferous development He"flcni. not fail to tiudcrstnml, however, that aimf' torlnu example 1ms proved, gold 'ifilfili,b sometimes hastens settlement. - "The Knjuh's Second Wife" (W.irdHrS-V nud Co.) is u story by Hcadon Hill, whltX wanting In the sensational nspects nS&rtl.; associated with this author's writings TfclJs that there Is any deficiency of extiaordliiw : Incident, but there Is less depurtmo lira-i what may be termed untlonnl posslblUflw A Hindu Prince, who succeeds to iherXh ship of Jbnlwn, lins, during his cduea>Kl) course iu England, contracted an a life link for nil English girl, Amy Forrest, uud C« married her. He has gone out to India to assume Ills position, and she follow hip, n, a steamer, to llnd, when she nimouncft.heS dignity, tbnt she Is treated with contemn! by the other ladles on board. Among the passengers Is u captain In a line ic„lmoDt Howard Gllroy, n blackguard iu every1 way who Is destined to 1111 the role of villain fa the story. Iler only friend Is John Dedcen a missionary, who has himself been lb' dote with her, and who Is going to Jhalwa-to establish a mission there. His ucqunlrifarce ' with Indian life makes him better abler to" appreciate the difficulties in store fosted/o Poor Amy discovers that her situutlon ds'the - English -wife of a Hindu Is nlmost lut'qler-' able, nnd that she Is regarded with seo'ruiob, the one side, und with hatred on the orhe>" Her position Is rendered even worse liy'The suspicion that the Rajah, betrothed In Infancy to n Hindu girl, hns another wife, amf-ihat' she, according to English Ideas, umyV-be- looked upon as not legally n wife at all.j-Thls dread ultimately proves Ill-founded, bi'if'-Toe-" hollowuess of tho pretence Is not exlfeiid until the story reaches Its dcnouemeut»fo)f. : tunatcly for her her husband really jHwes! her, nnd when he becomes convcrtcdift'o- Christianity by John Deacon, who sacffflces'; his own life In the endeavor, we are luvltedl I to believe that Amy overcomes all HI feellhgt nnd that she and the Rajah lire u glorified existence ill building churches nnd scjfhOlS uud otherwise introducing the benelltST.of Christianity to the benighted heathen. story does not Impress one with tliejlden that Mr. Hendon III11 knows ninth "about Indian conditions. In the history of the Blnckwood publish- ing house we hnvo a graphic sketch of, Ten nyson at Freshwater In 18o8. whore "John. Blnckwood found him "living in a little" world of his own, and taking things on hear- suy from his satellites." Then and nlvvaysi he was Incensed against critics. "With, every respect nnd admiration for Tehny-" son," writes Blnckwood three yenrs "later; "I think he Is childish about critlcii m£''Hls> adulators spoil hlui. Would he hnve pt'dple suy that they admire whnt they do not'iRd- 'iniro In his poetry?" The wnrmest affection, would not Induce this sturdy Scot to £bate Ills Independence of Judgment. Hejftyfe' deeply attached to Thackeray, but h'rc-tV mnrked upon "The Virginians," whch'stUe ' burden of that unwieldy book was prising sorely ou tho author, "He must Improve--; much, or the book will not keep up hlajepu- ration." None knew so well as BlaclStosA;" that Thackeray's personal ehnracter wasthiV easily translated to a generation whleh'Tnit dimly understood him. Somebody seitplo "Mngn" after Thnckcrny's death an article-", containing the common liilaeonceptlojtsjof ' the grcnt writer, who was then suppos'gifc'th:' be a cynic.- "I do not care much foSSftW stories yon give," wrote Blnckwood tojj.be- author of this article. "Ho used to teHsoch stories In a pitying, hnlf- mocking wajffilbj which It was : Impossible to sny liowdinbr .was sincerity .and bow much sham. -%Bnt> 'when he dropped.tlint' vein, nnd spokeJ,v4(jh real feeling on men and things that hedlkijd, the breadth and force of Ills character jcn'uie out, nnd there was no mistake ahoutP hi ft sincerity." But the gift of Irony mnytxvel!,. obscure tho genius of nn English noyelUt : for at least a generation. I'osslbly thfrcpis n touch of It that escaped Blnckwood;Jq a letter where Thackeray recalls "your soyJpSf:- 'None of us hnd ever depleted a youugcsKug-; llsh 'gentleman, ' nnd I thought I could'andi did. You yourself nre unwittingly..'" (he author of' .Lord Crewe." We nre not'fnSil- ljnr wlth jLord Crewe," hut Lord Ive-fewe know nnd "love. Gentlemen, young nnd-old," said Stevenson, "came from Thackeray's pen by nature," nnd no womlcr he couldvliet . nlvvnys remember their names, even jvheu , he was told to his face by nn Intlmnte frJ|gtL, tlint he was deficient In Ills portraltuje&gf; - the species. A WONDER OF NATURE— MARE SUCKLING A CALF. 