Crew Saved, by a Ghost. Many strange incidents occur at sea, but none more so than that which befel Captain Benner, of the brig Mohawk, a small vesst-1 engaged in the West Indies trade. After leaving St Thomas, her last port of call, on one voyage the brig was steering a north-westerly course, homeward, bound, beating up under short canvas against high winds and heavv seas, folio wine* in the wak-^ of ? ^ — _7 - ^ _ _ ? ? — a hurricane which had traversed the tropics five or six days before. Her captain, who had been some hours on deck, went below at ^midnight after directing the first officer, who was on watch, ' to keep the course then steered, and to call him in case of any change for the worse in the. weather. He 1-iy down upon a sofa in the main cabin, but, as the brig's bell struck twice, became con scious of the figure of a man, wearing a green sou'-wester, standing beside him in the dim light of the cabin lamp. Then he heard the words : ' Change your course to the sou'- west, captain.' Captain Benner got up and went on deck, where he found that the weather had moderated and that the brig was carrying more sail and, making belter headway. He asked the maty' on duty why he had sent down to call him, to which that officer replied thai he had not done so. The captain, fancing that he had been dreaming, went back to the cabin, but he. was disturbed soon again by a second visit from the man in i he- green sou'-wester, who repeated his pre vious order and vanished up the com panionway. The captain, now ihoroughly aroused, jumped up and pursued the re treating figure, but saw no one until he met the mate on watch, who insisted that he hail not sent any messenger below. Mystified and perplexed, Cap tain Benner returned to the cabin only to see his . singular visitor reappear, to hear him repeat the order to change the course to sou'-west, with the added warning — ' If .you do not it will soni be too late !' and -to see him disappear a ??? before. ' Going on deck he gave the necessary orders for the change in the ship's course tu sou'-west. The officers of the brig were not o-ily surprised but also indignant, and finally determined to seize their.captdii and put him in irons, { when, soon aft^r daybreak the lookout ! forward reported some object dead ahead. As the vessel k-jpt on it was made out to be a ship's boat. As it ranged abeam.it was seen to contain four men lying under its thwarts,, one,, of whom wore a green snu'-w.cster. The Mohawk was promptly hove to, a boat lowered, and the castaways taken, in. The castaways proved to be the captain aud three men, the only sur vivors of th51 crew of a vessel which had go.'iG down in the hurricane, and they had been drifting helplessly without food for five or six days. The green sou'-wester wa3 the p-operiy of the res cued captain. A few days later wh n he bad recovered sufficiently tc- be able to leave his berth, he was sitting one day in the mnin cabin of the-biig with Captain Benner. He suddenly asked his host .whether he be lieved in dreams. ' Since I have been here,' he continued, 'I have been thinking how familiar this ca'in looks. I think that I have b-jen here before. In the night bef' re you picked me up I dreamed that I came tj you here in this cabin and told you to change your course to sou'-west. The first time you took no notice of me, and I came the second time, in vain ; but the third time you changed your course, and I woke to find your ship alongside of us.' Then Captain Benner, who had noticed the resemblance of the speaker to his mysterious visitor, told his own story of that night. 'Well, Willie,' asked G andma, 'have you had all the dinner you want ?' -; No.' arswered little Willie; t; but I have had all I can eat.' 'Have you and George had a quarrel, diiia?' 'Wo, indeed. It is getting too near my birthday to quarrel wilh George, dear fellow.' The present population of Palestine is estimated at G60,00U, the Arab element being probably the prevailing one, and thft Arabic, language generally in use. 