CHAPTER XX—UNSOLVED. The two friends of the plains grasped hands most warmly, each knowing the debts of life gratitude the one owed, the other. Then Cody said: “See here, Frank, I am going to ask you, as you are not wet and frozen as I am, to go over yonder on that ridge,and bring my horse in here. He has saved me to-night, swam a river with me, and in a bad way, I fear.” Frank Powell at once went off after the horse, and soon returned with him trembling with cold, and led him within reach of the warmth of the fire. The legs and breast of the splendid animal were skinned and bruised by the ice, and, getting an ointment from his case, Surgeon Powell rubbed It on the injuries, then gave the animal a good dressing down, and, throwing the out | law’s blanket over it. lea it to the shelter of the pines, where his horses were. I “Now, Cody, what can I do for you?’’ “Nothing', thank you; but let she see i to that wound on your head.” “It is a mere scalp wound, for my head struck a rock when I fell. I’ll get you to put a stitch in it and dress it for me, if you are warm enough yet.” ■ “Oh, yes, I’m as good a3 new now;” and the scout soon dressed the wound of the surgeon scout, and the two sat down by the fire and talked over their separate adventures for half-an-hour. “Well, Cody, your ghostly guide led you by a way across the stream some dozen miles below the swinging- bridge; for that outlaw told me they could cross there if the stream was frozen, and by going by certain guide-points if it was not. They also had a boat there, he told me, and your weird guide evidently expected to find the stream frozen over. 'But you say that you knew that two of the outlaws were missing ?” “yes; and their names were the same you say your men went by. At first it was supposed that they had been cap-e tured; but; when the discovery was made that they had not gone on their horses to look up the stray cattle, and then that nearly every man in the band had been robbed, they were sure that they had escaped, for I heard the cut laws talking it over.” “Well, we can account for the two men; and, as you know' where to find the retreat of the band, I do not regret the killing of the scamps. But now about your ghost. Who is it ?” “I cannot tell you. All I know is that he, she, or it boldly came to my log prison and rescued me, with the two guards playing cards within twenty feet of the door. The guards evidently quickly missed me, and a pursuit began, for the snow over there was soft and half a foot in depth. Who the ghost is I do not know, more than that the out law's often spoke of a weird form that wandered about the mountains, and was said to be the spirit of a woman. "xV woman ?” “Yes,” “Do you think your guide was a woman?” “I cannot tell; but if it was a woman, then she is a brave one and saved my kfe, ^for to-morrow u'as my last day on “They would not have dared, Cody, to put you to death.” “So I believed at first. But Captain Lawless is a man who fears nothing, and if he was boasting lie played his part well; and from what I saw of him I am glad the Ghost Guide happened to come.” “So^am i. But now what is to be ‘We’ll take the trail to the post, get out two-score of our hardy fellow's, and make a strike at the outlaw camp as quickly as it can be done, for my idea Is that we are going to have a rough winter of it.” “True; but snows do not lie long here. Now' for wdiat rest we can get.” The two friends threw more wood on the fire, covered the body of the outlaw over, with respect for the dead which brave men always feel, and turned in. The morning broke bleak, cold,, and with driving snow, and the tw'O friends slept late. They arose greatly refreshed, the comfort of the horses was looked to, the breakfast was got and eaten with a relish, after which the body of the out law' was buried. As the horse that had saved Cody was somewhat stiff from its cuts and bruises, it was given the pack-saddle to carry, and the scout mounted the doc tor's pack-animal; and after:-dinner they started upon the trail to the fort, driven back by the force of circum stances, for in the face of the threaten ing weather it would be madness' for them to attempt unaided to do more against the outlaw's. They found the trail of Cody’s guide of the night before, and followed it for several miles; but there the faliing snow oblilerated.it, and they reluctantly gave it up, leaving the mystery of the Ghost of the Mountains unsolved. (To be continued.) 