A PIONEER PRIEST. FATHEr JAMES PHELAN. OLDEN DAYS ON THE BLUE MOUNTAINS AND IN HARTLEY VALE. Those who knew Father Phelan only when he was 'going towards sunset' —the thin face and the frail form ; those who knew him only as he moved slowly amongst the flowers he loved so well, reading and always reading, in that tranquil little home of his at St Mary's, South Creek, cannot easily picture him a ruddv. robust man— a man of inexhaustible vigour, stout of heart and strong of limb, who met difficul ties and disappointments with a serenity of temper which, was proof against the evil effects of personal anxiety. When I knew him he was a typical " bush priest.' The title has not a nice sound nowadays. To me— and I write in a spirit of deepest affection and reverence — it means all that is noblest and best in the priestly character ; great piety, unresting zeal, great self-sacrifice, un surpassable kindness, and great goodness ; day and night ministering to his poor scattered flock, riding long distances through rough bush tracks, climbing tugged hills and crossing treacherous creek and river ; combining with firm resolution a singular meekness which enabled him to perform with equal completeness those offices calling up the warmest and tenderest sympathy, as well as those demanding a soldier's courage. Reviewing the life of a distin guished Frenchman, a master hand has left us in noble language a tribute to ' the sturdy rectitude, the large charity, the good nature, the modesty, the independent spirit, the ardent philanthropy, the unaffected indifference to money and fame' which characterized the object of his eulogy. If I were set the task to sketch in a few bold strokes the life and work of Father Phelan, the words just quoted are precisely those I should use as a model. It was in '59 that I pitched my tent in Hartley. Do not imagine, dear reader, that a venerable man is addressing you. As a matter of fact, I did not pitch my tent, for I was a small boy, a very small boy, at the time, and the ' free selection after survey' was done by my parents. In those days it was no laughing matter to cross the Blue Mountains; no holiday excursions then, no tourist trains, nothing of that sort. We started from the old Square and Compass Inn near the Haymarket one hot afternoon in a bullock- dray, and, at the eminently respectable rate of ten miles a day, ?' made' Hartley in eight days. Father Phelan was the parish priest. And a decent sort of parish it ?was as regards size. It extended from Bullock Flat (Oberon) to Weatherboard (Wentworth Falls), and from Ben Bullen to Burragorang. The Fish River Caves were part of the parish. Later on Father Phelan added to his duties by becoming, so to speak, the chaplain of the ZigZagv/hile the railway works were in course of construction. Father Phelan lived, or, to be correct, ' roughed it' in Big Hartley. As a boy I remember well — for I frequently accom panied him — how it was no uncommon thing for him to be called out of bed to ride ten and sixteen miles on a sick call, through chilling sleet and cutting wind. There were no roads at the time of which I speak ; nothing but a bridle or bush track. Father Phelan told me he was often lost. His plan at such times was simple : 'I give my horse his head, and he always manages to find his Tva- home.' A won derful horse was ' Robert.' Now and then Master Robert played tricks on his over-kind master. Once poor Father Phelan walked seven or eight mileo of hilly country ' to save the poor beast, who appeared to be going lame.' On being turned loose into the paddock (this was at M'Auley'a, Long Swamp, where I was living at the time) Robert v/ent through a few exercises after the manner of Carbine. The good priest seemed a bit puzzled, but omiled as he made the remark, 'I don't think he's very lame, after all.' Father Phelan used to have what we called ' stations.' He would say Mass at Kinambla (the Evans's) then at M'Auley's, Long Swamp ; then in turn at Marsden Swamp (Kelly's), at Lowther (I quite forget whose house he used), at Bullock Flat (Hogan's), at Slippery Creek (Slattery's), and at \- Sheedy's, now the site of Lithgow township. Often I kept him company when he came any way near Long Swamp. We were all very poor people — all Father Phelan' s parishioners— and the weight of the collection at a 'station' never added much to the horse's load when the priest rode away to the next one. Still the clear priest never murmured. He gave away almost as much as he received. But about those ' stations.' It was the ' early colonial' period of slab huts and bark houses. Gounod might well have got his inspiration to write ' Nazareth ' in one of these humble dwell ings— ? ' Though poor bo the chamber. Come here, coxno and. adoro.' The people of the house got warning when the priest was 'abroad,' and everything was put in apple-pie order. Men and women and youngsters ? came in from ten and even twenty miles around, all on horseback ; you couldn't drive in thoBe days. Over and over again I stayed up all night to make an early start for Mass through scrub, and in Winter time, too. Sixteen miles there and sixteen miles back, and we thought nothing of it. I have a pic ture in my mind of one of those gatherings. In the stock-yard the horses are tied up in all sorts of ?ways.' Mass would be said in the ' front room,' facing the door. Half the congregation knelt out side. On these occasions the carpet — never used for any other purpose — was spread before the table, which did duty as the altar. Mass over, the carpet wasfoldedawayandkept 'in lavender' till the priest came round again- A 'station' meant considerable expense. The proprietor had to provide for all who came. By common consent all stayed to din ner, and there was no end of trouble to supply 3-nive3 and forks and cups and saucers, to say noth ing about plutes. It was the rule to send out be fore! and a borrowing expedition to all the neigh bouring selections. Father Phelan knew that it was hard on a poor man to extend hospitality to all- comers. A characteristic incident. Sliding up quietly to the boss of the 'station,' Father Phelan said, 'My poor man, you are out of pocket enough. Here is a pound-note. When the collection takes place put it on the plate.' It was Father Phelan' c custom to hear the chil dren in their Catechism, before Mass. Then he would hear the Confessions. He had, of course, the best bed in the house, and that isn't Daying much. it Just before going' to bed he -would stop the clock. He could not sleep if the clock went on with its tick- tick. Oddly enough, he always slept with his watch under his pillow. In the morning he would set the clock going by his wateh, and it was saying that we had the correct time only when Fr. Phelan gave it to us. Several tribes of blacks used to come in from Burragorang and other places. Fr. Phelan christened ever so many of the youngsters. In fact, all the aboriginals in the district were more or less Catholic. Anyway, they regarded themselves as members of Father Pheian's flock. The parsons didn't trouble their heads about them. An old Scotch lady, who afterwards turned Catholic, gave Father Phelan a shock one morning. A scene it one of the ' stations.' It was just a little before Mass time, and His Reverence was walk ing up and down in the stock-yard reading his Office. He had been travelling all night. The old lady waited till there was nobody about, and walk ing quickly up to Father Phelan, said in a sort of half whisper, 'Father, you must be quite knocked up. Let me bring you a glass of rum; it will do j ou good.' Very often there was no one able to serve Mass. At one place Father Phelan spent about half- an-hour instructing a man how to 'do the answers in Latin.' The man, and what a ' character', he was, did not take kindly to thfi Latin ; he got it into his head all right, but he couldn't get it out by hook or by crook. He was excellent whenever ' Amen' occurred, but all the rest was a shoreless sea of confusion. Just when Father Phelan was giving up in despair, the un satisfactory acolvte effected a brilliant compromise. ?'See here, Father,' he said, 'this Latin beats me entirely. But I'll tell you what I'll do. I can say all my prayers in Irish. How would that suit:' As it was a case of Hobson's choice, poor Father Phelan had to consent. There was more prose than poetry in those ' station' days. Often and often Father Phelan had to wait till one o'clock for his first bite. And the food, what was it ? — salt beef and clamper, damper and salt beef. Which reminds me that there was agreut commotion when His Reverencs sold a cow to Parson Mayre. The parson and the priest were en the best of terms ; in fact, Father Phelan got on well with everybody— all the Protestants respected him. The sale of that cow upset old Tim ? . And Tim didn't keep his opinions to himself. When Father Phelan heard how his parishioner had been ' performing ' he smiled and said, ' I really believe Tim is afraid the poor beast will die a Protestant.' Then about Father Pheian's horse. Well, as Kipling says, ' that's another story.' About 25 years ago Father Phelan went to Rome, and then to Tipperary, his birthplace. He left his horse, a young one, with a ( bit of good breeding in him, at Hartley. The man in charge trained the horse for racing work, and won several prizes, There was a pretty strong feeling against 'the priest's horse 'being entered for races, but, all the same, we put our money on him. We had weddings occasionally ; no family should be without them. White satin dresses, orange blossoms, rose leaves, and Mendelssohn's March -were regarded ao wasteful and ridiculous excess. On. one occasion Father Phelan was marrying a couple. The lady, who had come a long distance, was dressed in her riding habit. When the pair stood before the altar Father Phelan noticed that the bride held her riding-whip in her right hand. Turning to the bridegroom, the good priest, with out showing the suspicion of a smile, said, ' John, will you tell Mary to put the whip away until after she is married.' One story suggests another. We had in the Hartley district a man who was very fond of airing his knowledge and his learning. Without knowing anything of Greek or Latin, it was his habit to lire off, in English, quotations from the classics. Once, with the intention of impress ing Father Phelan, this village oracle pointed an argument with the remark, 'As Horace says!' following up with one of his stock quotations. Father Phelan took all the bombast out of the speaker by simply saying, 'Dear me, Mr. ~— ? , I really did not know that Horace spoke such good English.' It was at the Catechism class. 'What should we be most afraid of in this world ; what should we regard with the greatest hoiror ?' A brilliant boy, with four-and-twenty imposing freckles on his face., made answer and said, 'Ghosts !' Once at the Fish River Caves his Reverence said Mat,s in 'The Devil's Coachhouse.' I -was there. Many years -afterwards I asked him if he remembered the incident. I could see that he was annoyed. He was very sensitive, and resented anything that had the flavour of levity when sacred subjects were being spoken of. 'I have 3aid Mass in many strange and curious places !' That was the reply I got. Nothing more. When the Zig Zag was in course of construction we had a great lot of strapping young Irishmen on the Mountains. Father Phelan had all the Catho lic navvies and miners under his care. Not long after the shooting of the Duke of Edinburgh, pre parations were made for a big procession. If my memory serves me rightly, it was the anniversary of the death of the Manchester Martyrs. A large number of green sashes were procured, and a band was engaged. The procession was to start at Lithgow, and finish at Middle River, near Wallera wang. Mr. Neale, the Police Magistrate at Hartley — the brother of the late millionaire—issued an order to the effect that the procession would not be allowed, an it was 'against the law.' Troopers came in fromBathurst, Green Swamp, and Hartley, in fact all the local police were on the job. The processionists assembled, and arrangements were made for the start. Then the police were drawn up, and the Riot Act, or something of that sort, was read. The police were in a wretched minority, and would have been powerless to stop the procession. Just then Father Phelan drove up in his buggy — we had risen to the dignity of roads by this time — and all eyes were turned on him. He took a position in front of the half organized procession. Standing in his buggy, the good priest briefly addressed the men. It was not an eloquent speech, but it was full of sound com mon sense. To put it in a nutshell, he said, 'Your procession hns been declared illegal ; disband like good fellows, and don't make fools of yourselves.' Nearly all the young men at once fell out of the yanks, and tool; off their aaaheB. A few of the hard headed veterans insisted on their right to walk. These fiery enthusiasts did wulk a few miles, but the (1 authorities' winked the other eye, and took no action. The procession proper, or improper, was smashed up by Father Phelan. In a few moments he did what all the police could not have done in a month of Sundays. The priest's tact and influence saved us from bloodshed. With the pasaions of strong men aroused, goodness only knows what sacrifice of life there might have been. The police would have gone down for a dead certainty, and the whole district would have become a field of strife and bitterness. Asa matter of f act,nearly all the Eng lish navvies cleared out the night before the Irish ' celebration,' and did not return till peace was proclaimed. Father Phelan ended his days very peacefully. He had his cosy home, his garden, of which he was very fond, his well-stocked library, and— greatest consolation of all — his little chapel, in which he said Holy Mass every day. To the last the poor were the objects of his love and solicitude. He was buried with 'full military honours.' I mean, of course, that he had the honours due to a veteran. The Cardinal-Archbishop and his Lordship Dr. Higgins journeyed to St. Marys, South Creek, to show their respect and regret. Some fifty priests sang the Dirge and the Requiem. In that ' choir' were the oldest friends of the dead priest, Monsignor Rigney andArchpriest Sheehy. The Vicar-General, Dr. Carroll, Dean Healy, and Dean Slattery were there also. What Macaulay said of a world-wide favourite may with even more justice be said of the good priest who hns gone to his rest : — ' There are a few characters which . have stood the closest scrutiny and the severest tests, which have been tried in the furnnce and proved true, which have been weighed in the balance and have not been found wanting, which have been declared sterling by general con sent, and which are visibly stamped with the image and superscription of the Most High. These men we trust that we know how to prize; and of these was ? .' May He Rest in Peace. PATRICK LYNCH. Sydney, January 21, 1898. 