BUSINESS QUESTIONS.. ....· -.-..·----.? No. 2. WHAT CONSTITUTES GOOD ADVERTISING. Thousands of pounds arel thrown away annually in fruitless advertising, and the advertiser naturally comes to the conclusion .that all advertising is waste of time and money. Good adver tising is' systematic. An advertisement inserted' in the columns of a newspaper at uncertain intervals is waste of money. It is the constant reiteration of a fact that makes the advertisement tell. The public forget the advertiser and his business unless by repetition ihe constantly impresses his business on the melmory of the very fickle public. It does not do to expect results from one advertisement, though it may be a large one. One a third of its size repeated three times would be better. Burn your business into they public mind. Keep it constantly before the readers of newspapers. You may never know when it will do you good, and the reader may only casually see it once or twice, but some day he will want your services or your goods, and then your oft-repeated advertisement will rise like the ghost of a memory, and he will come to you. It is. not intended that the same wording should be repeated; that would become monotonous. If you can invent a good, catching phrase, it is worth its weight in gold. Keep it, and constantly use it, but, by all means, change the general wording. Advertisements, to be good, shnould be istriking. They should be novel. Do not make the mistake so common with advertisers of advertising your self. Advertise your business. If you can interest people in your business, they will soon find out who runs it. It is the custom now in the busiest cities cf the world to engage advertise ment writers (men or women who study advertising as an art), to write good, striking, potential advertise ments. The business man is no longer worried with canvassers for all sorts and conditions of advertising. They are referred to the expert, whose knowledge of the class of medium offered is up to date, and who is not to be cajoled or talked into spending five pounds or five shillings where he believes it would be thrown away. These experts employ large staffs of expert writers to keep all their clients' advertisemefnts well written, bright, and fresh. A badly worded advertisemenit is worse than useless. It leaves a bad impression. A crowded advertisement, with everything from canary seed to • oflins jammed into two inches, is aBb solute waste of money, and coinfusing. A good advertisement specifies one item or one class of goods, and is written Sin a manner that attracts. Position has also much to do with the power of an, advertisement, but this point I must leave to any next paper. The Australian native has a weak voice, but a knack of sending it a long distance; and the lowest tribes of African bushmen would come inte the same category; but of all human beings it would seem that the dwarf race discovered by Stanley in Central Africa have, in point of volume and compass, the weakest of human voices, and this is only what one would expect from the feebleness of their phllqueg generally. . 