m'H'Crr QvifniQ T F'D JL XX Mi jD X \JXx X X aU JTX Swallow. A TALE OF THE GREAT TREK. By H. Rideb Haggabd, Author of' She,' ' Montezuma's Daughter,' &c.; CHAPTER XVII. THK JinjJJKN XJtANTZ. Before the waggon left her, Siliarnba took from it Ralph's gun, a very good roer, together with powder and bullets. Also she took tinder, a bottle of peach brandy, a blanket, mealies in a small bag, wherewith to bait the horses in case of need, and some other things which she thought might be necessary. These she laded among her own goods upon the mule that with her horse had been fetched by Zinti and hastily fed with corn. Now, at her bidding, Zinti set Suzanne'6 saddle upon the back of the schimmel, and Ralph's on ? ? that of Suzanne's grey mare, which he mounted that the mule might travel lighter. Then Sihamba got upon her own horse, a good and quiet beast which she rode with a sheepskin for a saddle, and they started, Sihaniba leading the schimmel and Zinti the mule, which, as it chanced, although tad tempered, would follow well on a riem. Riding up the kloof they soon reached the spot where Van Vooren's band had tethered their horses and tracked the spoor of them with ease for so long as the ground was soft. Afterwards, I Half-seated, half-lying upun a rough bedstead, Bpread with blankets, was Suzanne.— Chapter XVIII. when they reached the open country, where the grass had been burnt off and had only just begun to spring again, this became more difficult, and at length, in that light, impossible. Here thev wasted a long time, searching for the hoof marks by the rays of the waning moon, only to lo.-e them again so soon as they were found. ' At this pace we shall take as long to reach Bull-Head's kraal as did the cow you followed,' said -sihamba presently. ' Say now, can you find the way to it ? ' | ' Without a doubt, lady ; Zinti never forgets a road or a landmark ' ' Then lead me thsre as fast as may be.' ' Ye s, lady, but Bull- Head may have taken the Swallow somewhere else, and if we do not ] follow his spoor how shall we know where he has 5 hidden her.' ' Fool, I have thought of that,' she answered ! angrily, ' else t-hould I have spent all this time i looking for hoof-marks in the dark r We must j | risk it, I say. To his house he has not taken her, for other white folk are living in it, and it is not likely he would have a second, or a better, hiding place than that you saw. I say that we must be bold and risk it, since we have no time o lose.' ' As you will, mistress,' answered Zinti. ' Who am I that I should question your wis dom ? ' and, turning his horse's head, he rode forward across the gloomy veldt as certainly as a homing rock-dove wings its flight. So they trayelled till the sun*. behind a Mfca - mthii iniriirn n mrMm nl dASU among the mountains that has a point like a spear, the one that seems as though it were on fire ? Well, behind it lies Bull-Head's kraal.' ' It. is far, Zinti, but ^e must be there by night.' ' That may be done, lady, but if so we must spare our horses.' ' Good,' she answered. ' Here is a spring ; let us off -saddle a while.' So they off-saddled and ate of the food which they had brought, while the horses filled them selves with the sweet green grass, the schimmel beiDg tied to the grey mare, for he would not bear a knee-halter. All that day they rode, not so very fai-t but steadily, till towards sunset they off-saddled again beneath the shadow of the spear-pointed peak. There was no water a I this spot, but seeing a green place upon the slope of a hill close by, Zinti walked to it, leading the thirsty beasts. Presently he threw up his hand and whistled, whereon Si hamba set out to join him, knowing that he had found a spring. So it proved to be, and now they learned that Sihamba had been wise in heading straight for Swart Piet's hiding place, since round about this spring was the spoor of many horses and of men. Among these was the print of a foot that she knew well, the little foot Df Suzanne. ' How long is it since they left here P ' asked Sihamba, not as one who does not know, but rather as though she desired to be certified in her judgment. ' When the sun stood there,' answered Zinti, pointing to a certain height in the heavens. ' Yes,' she answered, ' three hours. Bull Head has travelled quicker than I thought.' ' No,' said Zinti, ' but I think that he knew a path through the big vlei, whereas we rode round it, two hours' ride, fearing lest we should be bogged. Here by this spring they stayed till snuset, for it was needful that the horses should fetid and rest, since they would save their strength in them.' ' Lady,' went on Zinti, presently, ' beyond the neck of the hill yonder lies the secret kraal of 3 jli-Head. Say now, what iB your plan when you reach it P ' ' I do not know,' she answered, ' but tell me again of the hidden krantz where the women built the new hut, and of the way to it.' He told her and she listened, saying nothing. ' Good,' she said, when he had done. ' Now lead me to this place, and then perhaps I will tell my plan if I have one.' So they started on again, but just as they reached the crest of the Neck a heavy thunder storm came up, together with clouds and rain, hiding everything from them. ' Now I suppose that we must stay here till the light comes,' 6aid Sihamba. ' Not so, lady,' answered Zinti, ' I have been the path once and I can go it again in storm or shine,' and he pressed forward, with the light ning flashes for a candle. 'gr~' ? I r*lilA^ifciiliiSl^fc^fcfim ? At length Sihamba felt that they were riding among trees, for water dripped from them upon her and their branches brushed her f ice. ' Here is tbe wood where the women cut poles for the new hut,' whispered Zinti in her ear. ' Then let us halt,' she answered, and dis mounting they tie 1 the three horses and the mule to as many small trees close together, but not near enough fur them to kick each other. Now Sihamba took a piece of biltong from a sadile-bag and began to eat it, for she knew that she would need all her cleverness and strength. ' Take the bag of mealies,' she said, ' and di vide it among the horses and the mule, giving a double share to the schimmel.' Zinti obeyed her, and presently all four of the beasts were eating well, for though they had tra velled far their loads were light, nor had the pace been pressed. Sihamba turned, and, holding out her hands towards the horses, muttered something rapidly. ' What are you doiDg, mistress ? ' asked Zinti. ' Perhaps I am throwing a charm upon these animals, that they may neither neigh nor whinny till we come again, for if they do so we are lost. Now let us go, and — stay, bring the gun with you. for you know how to shoot.' So they started, slipping through the wet wood like shadows. For ten minutes or more they crept on thus towards the dark line of cliff, Zinti going first and feeling the way with his fingers, till presently he halted. ' Hist,' he whispered. ' I smell people.'' As he spoke, they heard a sound like to that of someone sliding down rocks. Then a man challenged, Baying, ' Who passes from the krantz ? ' and a woman's voice answered, ' It is I, Asika, the wife of Bull-Head.' ' I hear you,' answered the man. ' Now tell me, Asika, what happens yonder ? ' ' What happens ? How do I know what hap pens ? ' she answered crossly ' About sunset Bull-Head brought home his new wife, a white chieftaine^s, for whom we built the hut yonder ; but the fashions of marriage among these white people must be strange indeed, for this one came to her husband her feet bound, and with a face like to the face of a dead woman, the eyes set wide, and the lips parted. Yes, and they blind folded her in the wood there and carried her through this hole in the rock down to the hut where she is shut in.' ' I know something of this matter,' answered the man ; ' the white lady is no willing wife to Bull-Head, fore he killed her husbard and took her by force. Yes, yes, I know, for my uncle was one of those with him when the deed was done, and he told me something of it just now.' ' An evil deed,' said Asika, ' and one that will bring bad luck upon all of us ; but then, Bull-Head, our chief, is an evil man. Oh, I know it who am of the number of his Kaffir wives. Say, friend,' she went on, 'will you walk a little way with me, as far as the first huts of the kraal, for there are ghosts in the wood, and I fear to pass it alone at night.' ' I dare not, Asisna,' he answered, ' for I am set here on guard.' ' Have no fear, friend, the chief is within see ing to the comfort of his new wife.' ' Well, I will come with you a little way if you wish it, but I must be back immediately,' he said, and the listeners heard them walk off to gether. ' Now, Zinti,' whispered Sihamba, ' lsi d me through the hole in the rock.' He took her by the hand and felt along tbe face of the cliff till he found the bush which covered the entrance. To this he climbed, drag ging her after him, and presently they were iD the secret krantz. ' We have found our way into the spider's nest,' muttered Zinti, who grew afraid ; '' but say, lady, how shall we find our way out of it ? ' ' Lead on and. leave that to me,' she ans wered. ' Where I, a woman, can go, surely you who are a man can go also.' ' I trust to your magic to protect us — there- fore I come,' said Zinti, ' though if we are seen our death is sure.' On they crept across the glen, till present ly they heard the sound of the small waterfall and saw it glimmering faintly through the gloom and drizzling rain. To their left ran the stream, and on the banks of it stood something large and round. ' There stands the new hut where Swallow is,' whispered Zinti. Now Sihamba thought for a moment and said : ' Zinti, I must find out what passes in that hut. Listen : do you lie hid among the reeds under the bank of the stream, and if you hear me hoot like an owl, then come to me, but not be fore.' ' I obey,' answered Zinti, and crept down among the reeds, where he crouched for a long time up to his knees in water, shivering with cold and fear. CHAPTER XVIII. WHAT PASSED IN THE HUT. Going on to her hands and knees Sihamba crawled towards the hut. Now she was within ten paceB of it and could see that a man stood guard at its doorway. ' I must creep round to the back,' she thought, and began to do so, head ing for some shrubs which grew to the right. Al ready she had almost reached them, when of a sudden, and for an instant only, the moon shone out between two thick clouds, revealing her, though indistinctly, to the eyes of the guard. Now Sihamba was wearing a fur cape made of wild dog's hide, and, crouched as she was upon her hands and knees, half-hidden, moreover, by a tuft of dry grass, the man took her to be a wild dog or a jackal, and the hair which stood out round her head for the ruff upon the animal's neck. she been a dog it would have transfixed her. As it WaB, the spear passed just beneath her body, pinning the hanging edges of the cape and re maining fixed in the tough leather. Now if Si hamba'a wit had left her as would have happened with most, she was lost, but not for nothing had she been a witch- doctoreae from her childhood, skilled in every artifice aud accustomed to face death. From his words she guessed that the sen try had mistaken her for a wild beast, so instead of springing to her feet she played the part of one and uttering a howl of pain scrambled away among the bushes. She heard the man start to follow her, then the moonlight went out and he returned to his pout grumbling over his lost asse gai and saying that he would find it in the jackal's body on the morrow. Sihamba, listening not far away, knew bis voice ; it was that of the fellow who bad net the noose ahout her neck at Swart Piet's bidding and who was to have done ihe murder in the pass. ' Now. friend, you are unarmed,' she thought to herself, '? for you have no gun with you, and perhaps we shall settle our accounts before you go to seek that dead jackal by to-morrow's light.' Then drawing the assegai from the cloak and keeping it in her hand, she crept on till she came to the back of the hut in safety. Still she was not much nearer to her end, for the hut was new and very well built, and she could find no crack to look through, though when she placed her ear against its Bide she thought that she could hear tbe sound of a man's voice. In her perplexity Sihamba cast her eyes upwards and saw that a fine line of light shone from the smoke-hole at the very top of the hut, which was hive- shaped, and a thought came into her head. ' If I climb up there,' she said to herself, ' I can look down through the smoke-hole and see and hear what passes in the hut. Only then if the moon comes out again I may be seen lying on the thatch ; well, that I must chance with the rest.' So very slowly and silently, by the help of the rimpis which bound the straw, she climbed the dome of the hut, laughing to herself to think that this was the worst of omens for its owner, till at length she reached the smoke-hole at the top and looked down. This was what she saw : Half seated, half ly ing upon a rough bedstead spread with blankets, was Suzanne. Her hair had come undone and hung about her, her feet were still loosely bound together, and as the Kaffir, Asika, had said, her face was like the face of a dead woman, and her eyes were set in a fixed unnatural stare. Before her was a table cut by natives out of a single block of wood, on which were two candles of sheep's fat set in bottles, and beyond the table stood Swart Piet, who was addressing her. ' Suzanne,'' he said, ' listen to me. I have al ways loved you, Suzanne, yes, from the time when I was but a boy ; we used to meet now and again, you know, when you were out riding with the Englishman who is dead ' — here Suzanne's face changed, then resumed its deathlike mask — ' and always I worshipped you, and always I hated the Englishman whom you favoured. Well, as yoa grew older you began to understand and I dislike me, and Kenzie began to understand and j insult me, and from that seed of slight and insult grew most that is bad in me. Yes, Suzanne, you will say that £ am wicked ; and I am wicked. I have done things of which I should not like to tell you, I have done such things as you saw last night, I have mixed myself up with Kaffir wizardries and cruelties, forgotten God and taken another master, and so far from honouring my own father, why, I struck him down when he was drunk and dared me to do it, and of that blow they say he INDOOROOPILLY BRIDGE, BRISBANE. died. Well, I owed him nothing less for begetting me into such a world as thiB, and teaching me how to find the devil before the time. ' And now, Suzanne, standing before you as I do here with your husband's blood upon my hands, and seeking your love over his grave, you will look at me and say — ' This man is a monster, a mad man, one who should be cast from the earth and stamped deep, deep into hell/ Yes, all these things I am, and let the weight of them rest upon your head, for you made me them, Suzanne. I am mad, 1 know that I am mad as my father and grandfather were before me, but my midness is mixed with knowledge, for in me runs the blood of the old Pondo witch- doctoress, tny grand mother, she who knew many things that are not given to white men. When I saw you ani loved you I became half mad — before that I was sane — and when the Englishman, Kenzie, struck me with the whip after our light at the sheep -kraal, ah, then I went wholly mad, and sse how wisely, for you are the first-fruits of my madness, you ind the body that to-night rolls to and fro in the ocean. ' You do not answer. Well, look you. Suzanne, I have won you by craft and blood, and by craft and blood I will keep you. Here you are in my power, here heaven itBelf could not save you from me, iu Bull- Head's secret krantz that none know of but some few natives. Choose, therefore, for get the sins that I have committed to win you and beaome my wife willingly, and no woman shall ever find a better h unhand, for then the fire and the tempest will leave my brain and it will grow calm as it was before I saw you. ' Have you still no apswer ? Well, I will not hurry you. See, I must go — do you know what for ? To set scouts lest by any chance your father or other fools should have found my hiding-place, though I think that they can never find it except it be thru ugh the wisdom of Sihamba, which they will not seek. Still I go, and in an hour I will return for your answer, which you must make; Suzanne, since whether you deRire it, or desire it not, fortune has given you to me. Have yon -no word for me before I go ? ' Now during all tbis long, half-insane har rangue, Suzanne had sat quite silent, making no reply at all, not even seeming to hear the demon, for such he wa-, whose wicked talk defiled her ears. But when he asked her whether she had nothing to say to him before he went, still look ing not at him, but beyond him, Bhe gave him his answer in one word, the same that she had used when she awoke from her swoon : ' Murderer.' Something in the tone in which she spoke, or perhaps in the substance of that short speech, seemed to cow him, at the least he turned and left the hut, and presently Sihamba heard him talk ing to the sentry without, bidding him to keep close watch till he came back within an hour. When Piet went out he left the door-board of B the hut open, so that Sihamba dared neither act B nor speak, fearing lest the guard should hear or jV see her through it. Therefore she still lay upon the ? top of the hut, and watched the unoie-hole. For ? a while Suzanne eat quiet upon the bed, then of a ? sudden she rose from it, and shuffling across the M s hut is well as her bound feet would allow her, W she closed the opening with the door -board, and ?I secured it by its wooden bar. Next she returned I to the bed and, seated upon it, clasped her hands I and began to pray, muttering aloud and mixing I with her prayer the name of her husband Ralph. I Ceasing presently, she thrust her hand into her fl bosom and drew from it a knife, not large, but | i strong and very sharp. Openicg this knife she i=ut the thong that bound her ankles, and made it 3 into a noose. Then she looked earnestly first at j the noose, next at the knife, and thirdly at the I candles, and Sihamba understood that she meant ? | to do herself to death, and was choosing between I : steel and rope and fire. B Now all this while, although she dared not so ? '! much an whisper, Sihamba had not been idle, for I i with the blade of the assegai she was working I ;; gently at ths thatch of the smoke-hole, and cut 9 I ting the rimpis thit bound it, till at last, and not I too soon, she thought that it was wide enough to al I i low of the passage of her small body. Then watch - B ing until the guar! leaned against the hut, so that B the bulge of it would cut her off from his sight, I i during the instant that her figure was outlined I f against the sky, she stood up, and thrusting her ? jl feet through the hole, forced her body to follow I I them, and then dropped lightly as a cat to the I jj floor beneath. But now there was another danger I -| to be faced, and a great one, namely, that Su I i zanne might cry out in fear, which doubtless she I j would have done, had not the sudden sight of I some living creatuie in the hut where Bhe thought I herself alone so startled her that for a moment I : she lost her breath. Before she could find k I ' again Sihamba was whispering in her ear, say I i iDff : I i ' Keep silence for your life's Bake, Swallow. I : It is I, Sihamba, who am come to save you.' I Suzanne stared at her, and light came back into I the empty eyes, then they grew dark again, as she I answered below her breath : I ' Of what use is my life ? Ralph is dead, and ? ; I was about to take it that I may save myself from I shame and go to seek him, for surely God will I ; forgive the sin.' I ' Sihamba looked at her and said : j ; ' Swallow, prepare yourself for a great joy, I and, above all, do not cry out. Your husband is | not dead ; he was but wounded, and I drew him I : living from the sea. He lies safe at the stead in I your mother's care.' I' Suzanne heard her, and, notwithstanding her I caution, still she would have cried aloud in the I madness of her joy, had not Sihamba, seeing her I hps opened, thrust her hands upon her mouth and I ) held them there till the danger was past. I | ' You do not lie to me P ' she gaspsd at I 1 length. II ' Nay, I speak truth; I swear it. But this I f is no time to talk. Yonder stand food and milk ; I ? eat while I think.' As Sihamba guessed, nothing but a little water : had passed Suzanne's lips sin::e that meal which she V and her husband took together beside the waggon, nor one minute before could she have swallowed anything had her life been the price of it. But uow it was difforent, for despair had left her, and ; i hope shone in her heart again, and behold, of a ?;f sudden she was hungry, and ate and drank with | gladness, while Sihamba thought. 7 Presently the little woman looked up and whis ! pered : 4 ' A plan comes into my head ; it is a strange ? j one, but I can find no other, and it may serve our 1 1 turn, for I think that good luck goes with us. Swallow, give me the noose of hide which you ? I made from the riern that bound your feet.' s| Suzanne obeyed her wondering, whereon Si i S hamba placed the noose aoout her neck, then bade I' Suzanne stand upon the bed and thrust the end of J the riem loosely into the thatch of the hut as high I up as she could reach, so that it looked as though I ; ?, it were made fast there. Next, Sihamba slipped I off her fur cloak, leaving herself naked except for | the moocha round her middle, and, claRping her A hands behind her back with the assegai between 1 1 them, she drew the riem taut, and leaned against | the wall of the hut after the fashion of one who is | i | about to be pulled from the ground and strangled. ; I ' Now, mistress, listen to me,' she said : j earnestly. ' You have seen me like this before, ? J. have you not, when I was about to be handged, if and you bought my life at a price. Well, as it j { chances, that man who guards the hut is he who | i took me at Bull-Head's bidding and set the rope I I round my neck, wherein I said some words to him if which made him afraid. Now if he sees me again j I thus in a hut where he knows you to be alone, he ; * will think that I am a ghost and his heart will ; turn to ice and the strength of his hands to wate*, ; i' and then before he can find his strength again I | will make and end of him with the spear, as I j- know well how to do although I am so small, and : ! we will fly.' : f ' Ie there no other way ?' murmured Suzanne I aghast. [ ! ' ' None, Swallow. For you the choice lies be tween witnessing this deed and — Swart Piet or death. Nay,youneednotwitnessit.even,ifyouwill j do is I tell you. Presently, when I give the word, ? loosen the bar of the door board, then crouch by I the hole and utter a low cry of fear, calling to the I man on guard for help. He will enter and see 1 ! me, whereon you can creep through the door-hole \ and wait without leaving me to deal with him. If j I succeed I will be with you at once ; if I fail, run to the stream and hoot like an owl, when ; Zinti, who is hidden there, will join you. Then you must get out of the krantz as best you can. Only one man watches the entrance, and if need ful Zinti can shoot him. The schimmel and other horses are hidden in the wood, and he will lead you to them. Mount and ride for home, oi any || where away from this accursed place, and at iB times when you talk of the matter of your escape |E with your husband think kindly of Sihamba Ngenyanga. Nay, do not answer, for there is little time to lose. Quick, now, to the door-hole, and do as I bade you.' So, like one in a dream, Suzanne loosened the bar, and, crouching by the entrance to the hut, uttered a low wail of terror, saying, ' Help me, soldier, help me swiftly,' in the Kaffir tongue. The man without heard, and, pushing down the board, crept in at once, saying, ' Who harms you, lady,' as he rose to his feet. Then suddenly, in this hut, where there wa9 but one woman, a white woman, whom he himself had carried into it, he beheld another woman — Sihamba ; and his hair stood up upon his head and his eyes grew round with terror. Yes, it was Sihamba herself, for the light of the candles shone full upon her, or, rather, her - ghost, and she was hanging to the roof, the tips of her toes just touching the ground, as once he had seen her hang before. For some seconds he stared in lii6 terror, and while he stared Suzanne slipped from the hut. Then fluttering ' It is the spirit of the witch, Sihamba, who prophesied my death, her spirit that haunts me,' he dropped to his knees, and, tremb ling like a leaf, turned to creep from the hut. Next second he was dead, dead without a sound, for Sihamba was a doctoress, and knew well where to thrust with the spear. Of all this Suzanne heard nothing and saw no thing, till presently Sihamba stood by her side holding the skin cape in one hand and the spear in the other. ' Now one danger is done with,' she said quietly, as she put on the cape, ' but many still remain Follow me, Swallow,' and, going to the edge of the stream, she hooted like an owl, where upon Zinti came out of the reeds, looking very cold and frightened. ' Be swift,' whispered Sihamba, and they started along the krantz at a run. Before they were half way across it, the storm clouds, which had been thinning gradually, broke up altogether, and the moon shone out with a bright light, showing them a9 plainly as though it. were day, but as it chanced they met nobody and were seen of none. At length they reached the cleft in the rock that led to the plain below. ' Stay here,' said Si hamba, ' while I look,' and she crept to the entrance. Presently she returned and said : ' A man watches there, and it is not possible to slip past him because of the moonlight. Now, I know of only one thing that we can do ; and you, Zinti, must do it. Slip down the rock and cover the man with your gun, saying to him that if he stirs a hand or speaks a word you will shoot him dead. Hold him thus till we are past you on our way to the wood, then follow us as best you can, but do not fire except to save your life or ours.' Now the gifts of Zinti lay rather in tracking and remembering paths and directions than in fighting men, so that when he heard this order he was afraid and hesitated. But when she saw it, Sihamba turned upon him so fiercely that he feared her more than the watchman, and went at once, so that this man who was half asleep sud denly saw the muzzle of a roer within three paces of his head and heard a voice command him to stand still and silent or die. Thus he stood in deed until he perceived that the new wife of his chief was escaping, and then remembering what would be his fate at the hands of Bull-Head he determined to take his chance of being shot, and, turning suddenly, sped towards the kraal shouting as he ran, whereon Zinti fired at him, but the ball went wide. A cannon could s jarcely have made more noise than did the great roer in the sjjence of the night as the report of it echoed to and fro among the hills. ' Oh, fool to fire and yet greater fool to misn,' said Sihamba. ' To the horses. Swift, swift.' They ran as the wind runs, and now they were in the wood, and now they had found the beasts. ' Praise to the Snake of my house,' said Si hamba, ' they are safe, all four of them,' and very quickly they untied the riems by which they had fastened the horses to the trees. ' Mount, Swallow,' said Sihamba, seizing the head of the great schimmel. Suzanne set her foot upon the shoulder of Zinti, who knelt to receive it, and sprang into the sad dle. Then having lifted Sihamba on to the grey mare Zinti mounted the other horse himself, hold ing the mule by a leading rein. ' Which way, mistress F ' he asked. ' Homewards,' she answered, and they can tered forward through the wood. On the further side of this wood was a little eloping plain not more than three hundred paces wide, and beyond it lay the seaward Nek through which they must pass on their journey to the fete id. Already they were out of the wood and upon the plain, when from their right a body of horsemen swooped towards them, seven in all, of whom one, the leader, was Swart Piet himself, cutting them off from the Nek. They halted their horses aB though to a word of command, and speaking rapidly, Sihamba asked of Zinti : ' Is there any other pass through yonder range, for this one is barred to us ? ' ' None that I know of,' he answered ; ' but I have seen that the ground behind us i6 flat and open as far as the great peak which yon saw ris ing on the plain away beyond the sky-line.' ' Good,' said Sihamba. ' Let us head for the peak, since we have nowhere else to go, and if we are separated, let as agree to meet upon its southern slope. Now, Zinti, loose the mule, for we have our lives to save, and ride on, remem bering that death is behind you.' (To be continued A 