NOTES AND COMMENTS. (By 'Pegasus.') The weights for the Canning Park race meeting to be held on Saturday, next were declared on Saturday by Mr. J. EL Smith. The list is published in this iBsue. . The weather and the state of the course at Fleming-ton on Saturday mar red the Grand National meeting, which in ordinary circumstances would have been one of the most .successful in the history of the premier club. The rain fell in torrents on the previous day, and eon-tinned tight through the night, while s. heavy storm burst over the course on Saturday morning The going was heavy, and in consequence the aspect of tiie big^vent had undergone a change. 'A light -weights' day,' was the prevail ing opinion, and Pirate, the Maiden Steeplechase victor, was~so well backed that the BaDarat representative leftthe bird-cage equal favorite with Hayseed. The race was a chapter of accidents, «miy-five-oo±»of the 11 starters finishing If the favorite failed, a good horse, and certainly a wefl- backedone, succeeded in winning the Grand National. Floater had won »yn-t«a- crushing weights about three years ago, once with 13.5 in the saddle at Fleming-ton, beating a pretty spood. one ™ Mor-miry, with, something under- KhO on bis back. Bat tie son of Skipper -had become a 'light of other days,' and Mr. Prank Dakrn treated him as a 'back number.' The sport ing press recently described him. as 'be ing 'under a cloud,' 'an tmfikely star ter, etc^' tm£il the big horse appeared at Catdfield, and won the Steeplechase in. -something like his old .form. Then tie backers realised that the-old 'West- erner' would have to be reckoned with in Saturday's race. On Wednesday, Floater made a bold bid for victory in the Steeplechasers' Flat Race, under the heavy burden, of 11J.2. This quite dis sipated all doubts as to bis having re turned to form, and. good judges tele graphed to their friends to 'have some thing on Floater.' The late 'Jack' Laverty, who was a better judge than most jockeyB, when coming to Adelaide from Melbourne by train in '95, predict ed that Floater would 'yet win the V.R.C. Grand National Steeplechase,' and he also said that he was within a few pounds of Redleap and Daimio. Floater was well backed in. Perth from 10 to 1 down to 5 to 1. Two or three backers spotted the double, and won a fair stake. Fernbank, who ran second, was unbacked in Perth, and his name was barely mentioned in Melbourne. Had the grandson of Panic got home, the pencifiers would have enjoyed the much- relished 'skinner.' Euro, who finished third, is a son of Kangaroo (one of the best steeplechasers Australia has produced), who was by Man-nlra., a son of the celebrated The Peer. Carbonate accounted for the Third Hurdle Race on Saturday. The son of Coronet started at 5 to 1, and won in a decisive fashion. It was a pity that tire BaDarat horse came down in the Grand National Hurdle Race. Old 'Tommy' Wilson most, on Saturday, have received many congratulations on his 'return to form.' The dapper little man was once the most formidable trainer in Victoria — in the palmy days of Martin. Loughlin and 'Tommy' Corrigan. The Tasmanian contingent hun dis played excellent form during the last two months. On Saturday City Band, who is very consistent, won the Lawn Handicap, beating a strong field, includ ing Bushy Park and the Carbine colt, Ashton. There are two bands in Laun ceston — St. Joseph's and the City Band — and considerable rivalry and jealousy have for some time existed between: the members and supporters of the two 'in- stitutions.' - An ardent supporter of the 'Cities' is said to be the owner of Satur day's winner, who is a son of Mozart. . Wayfarer continued his winning career on Saturday by awnttwri-ng' th© July Handicap at Fleming-ton. Another son, of Pilgrim's Progress in Banyan firnglt ed second. Both are beautifully . bred on the maternal side. The winner is from a granddaughter of Panic, and Bunyan is a eon of The Nun, who, ac cording to 'Chris.' Moore, was 'good enough to win a Melbourne Cup with half a stone over weight-for-age in . the saddle.' This is the second time that these -two sons of Pilgrim's Progress have finished first and second.. Blackthorn, who- wort 'tie- Open Steeplechase on Saturday, is a strap ping horse, built to carry weight, jump, and gallop. This horse started at 10 to 1, and won in. a very hollow fashion. He is owned by the Tasmanian sportsman Mr. J. J. Gaflney, and is a son of Town ley, who was a fair performer in the is land colony. Velasquez, perhaps the most unlucky horse racing in EriglaTid, compensated Lord Rosebery on Friday, for previous disappointments by winning the rich Sandown Eclipse Stakes. There was a good deal of merit in the performance, seeing that Batt, who was runner-up in the Derby, and Goletta, a really g*eai filly, were in the minor places. With Galtee More out of the way Velasquez would have been 'the colt of the cen tury.' Birksgate gave additional proof of his quality on Saturday by winning the Tat tersaJTs Handicap at Adelaide, defeat ing a field of nine, inclusive of Goodwill and Viking. Gnullo, who was well backed for the July Handicap at Adelaide on Saturday, failed to get nearer than third. The winner turned up in Cigarette, a daugh ter of the Vagabond (who, it will be re membered, ran third to Chester in the Melbourne Cup of 1877). The winner paid the good dividend of £17 9s. Steeplechasers in Adelaide often — in fact invariably— -pay big dividends, and Saturday's event at Tattersall's meeting was no exception to the rule. The win ner Stockings paid no less than £23 3s. The winner is by Hamlef s Ghost, from Miss Twist. ' Zeno IL, who won both the Stewards' Mile and the Canterbury Park Handi cap at Sydney on Saturday, was a very moderate performer last year. In nine attempts last year he failed to struggle into a situation. A despatch received from San Fran cisco on May 27, states that Sloan broke all records last week by piloting 18 win ners out of 29 mounts. This is phe nomenal work, and is a record which is likely to stand for some time. Mr. Gollan's Australian horse, Gal way, started second favorite for the Lancaster Handicap at Manchester, last month. The ex-Victorian pulled up, beaten, a mile from home. The favor ite, .Keelson, won. Mr. Wilkinson, the goidfields handi capper, who returned to Perth in the BtoranJFT Cape Otway on Saturday, en tertains a very high, opinion of Way farer, who won. on Saturday. Mr. WUKEnson eaw the soa of Pilgrim's Progress win at Moonee Valley, and he says that he never saw -a' more brilliant performance in his long experience. The colt is engaged in the Caulfield Cup at 7.7 and the Melbourne Cup at 7.4. He has incurred penalties in both races — 3Ib. in the Caulfield Cup and 51b. in tie big two-mile handicap. The Dunedin correspondent of the 'Canterbury Times' relates an amus ing incident thus: — The first persons to be locked tip in the new gaol recent ly were Messrs. E. Lyons (formerly of Lyons and Cohen, bookmakers in this city, in the days of 'lang syne^' and owner of First Lord) and S. Allen (of Parthenopaeus fame), who is on a short visit to the colony. That afternoon the new building was thrown, open to the public, and some imp succeeded in locking them in a cell and keeping them in durance vile for some time. It is said that the language used by one of the pair was 'painful and free.' Pilgrimage, the dam of Jeddah, the English Derby winner, died a few weeks ago. This mare was bred by Mr. James Cookson, of Darlington, father of Mr. E. Cookson, of Perth. The Dar lington stud was broken up some years ago, Mr. J. W. Larnach secured the mare with Jeddah for 160 guineas. Old-time sportsmen will, perhaps, re member that Skipper (by Boatman), the sire of Floater, was heavily backed for the Melbourne Cup of 1879, won by DarriweiL He was owned by Mr. J. White head, and was invincible in the provin cial handicaps. He was put under pre paration for Darrrweil's Melbourne Cup, and did such excellent work that he was at one time first favorite, but dur ing the severe winding-up process he broke down, and .was scratched. By the-way, Floater himself could get over half a mile in 54ssc ? It is not generally known that only a few months ago Floater was believed to have run his last race, and he chang ed hands at £A0. Some people were of the opinion, that Mr. Dakin had been deceived, and that Floater was in too light by at least a stone. He carried 12.7, and seeing that he had been 'Bpeiled' for nearly two years, the big horse was well looked after. Hayseed struck the fence near the Bridge in the second round of the Na tional Steeplechase, and knocked him self out. Doondiah and Irish Stew fell at the fence alongside the abattoirs, and Pirate blundered and unshipped his rider when leading the field in the first round. Gold and Black also failed to survive the first round, the Westralian coming down heavily, and the Sydney eider, Gladstone, was brought down at the first of the treble. Bookmaker John Deery, who -died in Sydney the other day, accumulated a fortune estimated by his friends as at least. £50,000. (says the Sydney 'Bulle- tin'). .He made it an absolute rule to 'lay to* his book,' and he never ganlbled. Originally a compositor, he landed £500 over a double which he had backed, and that was the nucleus of his betting capital Deery was a most charitable man, and very open handed to his brethren of the ring. In a chat with & Westralian. a day or two after he won tie Oaks with Airs and Graces, Mr. W. T. Jones said ;that he would probably leave England for Australia early in September. Four young men engaged in a Government department subscribed Is. 3d. each and took a 5s. ticket in the W.A. 'Tattersall's' (J. Charles'6) consul tation on the V.R.C. Grand National Steeplechase. They drew Floater, and this morning will receive £175— over £40 each. Acceptances for the Canning Park race meeting on Saturday next are due before 5 o'clock this afternoon. 