«* HE f TORY-TELLER. ? Short Story. The Tragedy of Roger Neville. ?From the Mils of Usheenmore the f ar- -: spreading, lieath-covered bog looked raaJly a place of beauty in the still sum mer evening. So peaceful -and inviting ft was that I was eorry the old fiddler tad told me of the tragic story that made it memorable in the traditions of the countryside. To be sure, I knew that its pleasant guise was deceptive ; tiiere were deeps and pools and quag mires amid the tufted heath in places, and dark and ugly they were. For all that, In the covering of heath end blos *som the whole looked go restful ana ?winning in the distance, eo much In character wifii the far-away, old-world district that X learned to love so mnoh in those holiday times, that I felt the ' tragic story was a. grim and impertinent Intrusion. Above, among the hills, the old Castle of Usheenmore lost - something of its ruined and sombre guise in the grace ?of the sunset nour. Yet once I turned to it all the restful sense and beauty of the evening was gone ; I could not wrench my mind from the thought, of its old days of riotous and abandoned r'sheeninore had lorded it over the dis trict from tinii immemorial, and in our freer and happier days it Is somewhat «Hfficult to credit all the evil tales of their perverse and dare-devil careers, liow cruelly and cavalierly they treated their dependants and their tenants, how they defied law and convention and . enstoin ; how their very devilry secured them a sneaking regard in the wJiole neighbourhood withaL Ueheenmore is lonely, and dull, and world-forgotten to day, yet the old folk by their chimney eorners- in their winter evenings tell many stories in which the desperate Nevilles are hero- tinged and idealised ; and the tone and the reflections and the crooning sub- notes of regret give one wore than the suspicion that they wish the vrtld days of the Nevilles were back. But let me tell you of the tragedy of Roger Neville, the last landlord of Ue iieemuore. In his gray old age, people whispered that his youth and early man hood had surpassed the worst stages .-even of earlier Neville desperation. He and Iiis comrade. Jack Kin ton, an im pecunious neighbouring squireen, 'had tteen the partners in a run or snady ex ploits and transactions. It was even liinted that they had descended to high way robbery and burglary— at least that Kin ton had. At last lie was obliged to fly the country very suddenly, for a ?warrant for his arrest on very serious charges was in the hands of detectives. He had a close shave, a narrow escape, for they had hemmed him in practically -on all sides, and for one night he was obliged to «Ieep in the depths of the cold heath of Usheenmore. But he gave them the slip. He did more, for he suc \- «eeded in abducting the no longer young wife of his friend, Roger Xeville. In after days they were indeed evil tale bearers who said that they had done eo at the connivance of Xicger, who had grown utterly tired and sick of Mrs. Rose Neville, who was several years his senior. More than that, there was one particularly *vil set of tongues which insisted that Kinton cared nothing for Mrs. Rose, *hat he simyled inveigled her away to :«mrder her, in accordance with a pre -riously-arranged and diabolical scheme which would release his friend Boger of sl burdensome partner. These stories ?were whispered and discussed for a de cade after, but who could say if there was an iota of certainty in any of them? At any rate,* Boger got his divorce, and many years later, after a visit to Lon -don, brought home his second wife, a young and lovely woman, ' ten thousand lines too good for the old sinner,' said Ufiheenmore. It leaked ont somehow that the pair -were not liappy— the old story of ?' crabbed age and youtii.' 'And besides some inkling of ner husband's past «eemed to have reached Miliicent— as fee young wife was called. In any case, Usheenmore Castle was no place for a aifefnl young creature like her. It was drowsy, cumbrous, gloomy ; and very seldom was it graced by the presence of congenial spirits. As the years went on, -old Boger grew more sullen and fretful; more avense to leaving the Castle even £or a day. People said that the tyranny of the past was upon him ; that the ghosts of evil times were about him. Be that as it may, in those closing yeans he was the picture of a cursed and bitter and hunted man. -He had yet another worry ; he was in the deeps of debt. . . One night as he chatted by a dying -fire with Millicent, lie had a strange visitor. 'A ragged, starved, desnicable Sooking wretch forced his way into the ?room. Wihen Roger rose up in Ms wrath at the Intrusion the ragged wretch laughed a little bitterly. ** There was a day,' he said, ' when you'd be glad to see me, Boger. Don't you care to give a sheltering corner to — well, my old name was .Tack Kinton ; tout the bloodhounds of the law, wiio Are after me, know me under other names, and for — well, other things.' Roger Neville grew pale and angry, %»ut for a little while he was incredu lous. ^?Oh, ru tell yon a few Slings that will convince you of my identity,' said the new comer. ' In this very room one vnld night ever so many years ago, when Rose was— no matter about that— you said to me suddenly, * Jack Kinton, you know the burdensome tie that is ? ' ' ' Stop, and be d ? to you,' shouted Roger ; ' your voice has not changed so much after all, and now I know you.' Then, casting a furtive glance at Milli cent, lie added, ' I don't want to hear of those frivolous old times.' The other laughed an ugly laugh. Mil licent rose abruptly and left the room. The newcomer jarred on her utterly. Besides, she was unduly sensitive, peo ple noticed, to any reference to ner hus band's past. Roger Neville and Kinton talked to gether for nouns. ... Long after midnight Roger Neville was aronseu oy an oia servant rrom nis sleep. Jack Kinton had called for him. Some sudden change had come over Kinton, and he spoke of death. Roger was surprised at the added change that an hour or two had wrought Before retiring his uncouth visitor had seemed to pull up a little. Now the colour of death was in his face. He motioned to the other to dose the door fast ' I'm dying,' he groaned. 'I thought lately I nadn't long to go, but I— I— didn't know 'twas so near. I've burst a blood-vessel, I think. Yes, it's no go. I'm booked.' ** Well, Roger,' he said faintly, *? we've bad many wild days together. I— I— can tell you something worth telling be fore I go. I came back at last to dig up — a. treasure— lots of gold— in a solid -ox— that I buried long ago— when the aw-dogs were after me.' 'Where?' asked Boger feverishly. The other's mind began to wander. His words were a jumble. 'The bog, the bog.' 3ie mumbled at last. Roger was in a fever. ' Where abouts ?' he cried' eagerly, des perately. The other's language was fn eoherent Roger stamped Jus foot ner vously. ' Below the Hunter's Tuft by the car road — ten yards south from the Tuft— then ten yards east from the car-road,', he muttered at last 'Bewate, the devil and his imps are on the spot— be- ware ? ?' 'Tell me,' whispered Boger again. 'Tell me where you— buried— 'Rose that infernal time. I know yon made away with her. Her face 3ias haunted and cunsed me for yeans. And I'd like to know ? ' But Jack Kinton was .dead. . . . An hour before the dawn, Roger Ne ville was digging deep for the expected treasure in the spot indicated below the Hunter's Tuft He was feverishly exul tant at the thought of the anticipated weaitn. tie toougnt not or jaes ivimuii lying cold, dead, and neglected in the castle.' .... He started back aghast Horror of horrors What bad he dug up ? A wo man's body. A woman's body preserved by the peculiar eoil all those odious years. And it was— the body of his first wife, Rose ! ... He lay on the heath and groaned. - Now, he dimly understood ; nay. he thought he understood clearly. Kin ton's mind bad been wandering at the last He had confused the place of the treasure and the spot where he had buried the hapless woman In that old evil time. What a ghastly ironic mis take! He ? A soft step beside him made him rise and turn iu dismay. An oath escaped him. when he found himself face to face with MHlicent She gave one wild cry and put .her lianas to ner race. ' Why did you follow me ?' he gasped —for his voice had all but failed him. 'More of your— your— suspicions. Oh, go, go back ! I will explain all wiien I return, when I have buried this hapless body. It is Kintou's old, evil work. I swear 1 am no murderer.' Sobbing convulsively, -Millicent Neville hurried away from that terrible scene. She was in the throes of fever when her husband reached the castle. She never recovered, poor «weet soul ! And Ueheeninore to-day looks so peaceful and sweet you would never as sociate it with a tragedy.— ' Weekly Sun.' 