WEEPING FERRY, BY MARGARET L. WOODS. Author of "A Village Tragedy "The Vagabond."' "Wild Justice," "Esther Vanhomrigh," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XXI. In her inmost heart she was not quite so complete a sceptic with reward to ghosts as she pretended; but she believed much'more tirmlv in a higher Power, that would not allow- them to barm the innocent: "You did ought to ha' opened the gates, Tom. She do stand a bit lower nor we, and most like she's afeared o' the water, noor o^d soul—or maybe she's ill- But tis poor work sendin' men of arrands. for they dt» always think they know better nor, to do 'em. ' I'll go open them ga-tes^ myself. I did ought to ha' done it at first." She hastily stuck some pins in her mouth, and began "kilting up her print skirt over her grev stuff petticoat. I tell "ee it waam't old Catherine," said Thomas. He drew his chair in front of the fire, and glanced uneasDy towards the window; then rose and drew the short blue curtains across it, with a rasp of rings hurried along the iron rod. I ain't a-goin' ou£ again to-night," he said in an obstinate voice, sitting dow-n and holding on to the seat of his chair. "Let folks go as don't believe there ain't no such v things as ghostes." Elizabeth was buttoning her boots. Tryphetia spoke, pale, but determined. "I'm coming with you to see the gh i see what"s the matter, Mrs. V.yne.' Elizabeth thought a moment. "Very well, missie. "Us getting late for you. I'll see you over lock and home as far as your gate." She got up, painfully aware of her rheumatism, and fetch her hat and shawl ; then went out, followed by Trvphena. A lantern and a large wet cotton umbrella stood "in the porch. Elizabeth took the lantern, and handed the umbrella to Tryphena. Tbey went through the gate and on by the field path. At first the night seemed all black round the little circle of their light, which fell about their feet, showing the sodden path and the yellowing meadowgrass, lifeless with heavy rain. But presently Trvphena, peering about her, could discern the grey 'gleam of the floods and the dark masses of the shadowy trees. It had left, off raining, but the air was full of moisture, and though it was mostly still, e\ ery now and then it moved fitfully, as a person moves in sleep and lies\juiet again, and as it swept the branches together their long sigh mingled with the ceaseless whisper of the rising river. Tryphena listened to these faint sounds, and through them she listened for another sound; for some thrilling and unusual sound, which she was at once desirous and afraid of hearing. Elizabeth walked on fast and in silence. She was out of patience with Thomas, her rheumatism pained her, and she knew that to night in oed it would be like red-hot skewers in her bones. At length Tryphena, hastening close behind, clutched her shawl, and brought her to a standstill. "I sav, Mrs. Vyne, what's that?" Elizabeth listened. " 'Tis 'onlv the water in the reedbed yonder. Their stems be stout yet, though they be -dry and dead." T'hey went on, <*ie behind the other, on the nib-row path, Tryphena still holding on to the shawl. "Why, miss," said Elizabeth", a little impatiently, "vou're never afraid of ghostes? When I wer a little girl, mother did use to teaeh us a verse to say o' nights, to keep us from being frighted of sperrits. We did use to say— Four coram to my bed, Four angels round my head, One to watch, two to. pray. And one to bear my eoul away. MattliC'Vr, Mark, Luke, and John, Bless the bed that I lay on. But our Rector, who waf a very good man. 1 J 'Jollege gentleman too, he explainec how 'twas all heathen papistry to believe in ghostes ,.or charms agen' 'em l'"or, as he aid use to tell us, we can't believe as the Lord Jesus allows tne sperrits of the dead to wander about the earth silly-like, frighting poor harmless, folk, hen we know well enough He's ordained place for every soul of us, in heaven or She broke off. The Bound House , and he tall poplar above it showed phantomike before them. " The water Jay spread bout it, black as a pit in the shadow, and eyond gleaming with a pale diffused light rom some undivined source. As Elizabeth eased speaking, Tryphena threw hec anna ound her companion's waist, clasping her onvulsively with a low "There!" Elizabeth ad heaid it/ too—a wild, thin wail, ardly human cry, that yet seemed to have ome word hidden in it. It came to them ut of impenetrable shadow across the leaming > water. < Elizabeth caught ber reath, and hurried on as well as she could, r with Tryphena dinging to her, .both of hem peering forward into the darkness. When ithey reached the lock they found it was flooded, and paused at the edge of the water, but neither of them -spoke. They ould "see a faint patch of light beyond the tree-shadows—-the light thrown from Catherine's window, which Was at., right angles to them, looking towards the causeway. ' r psi Again the cry came to them They were neater but it was weaker; at once hoarse and slivill, like the shriek of< a dreamer f ii.'-ia nightmare. Yet there was something in it that made Elizabeth start and uttei d a.low exclamation. Tryphena hid her face oi," Elizabeth's shoulder and tightened her s embrace. She also uttered an exclamation but it was one merely of terrified excite b ment. without the touch of questioning and o surprise that was in Elizabeth's. • Elizabeth moved the lantern round, judging rapidly d thc depth of the flood'and marking the edge of the canal. She disengaged herself from n Tryphena almost roughly. "Him home," s she said. "Bun back and tell father to tome here directly "Back to the Manor, do you ,meen?' • asked Tryphena, quavenngly; "all by my self? Oh", f really couldn't. Do come too, b Mrs. Vyne." — ''Now, don't you be a wicked, foolish ewwubwptsl girl," said Flizabeth, sharply, as she stepped in the water. ".There's no ghostes here, I tell 'ee. 'Tis some one in trouble." 'Khali I come back here?" asked Tryphena. ' / "No?' replied Elizabeth.® with a stern noes such as the child had never seen in her before. "No," she repeated. "Yon ran along.". The lantern which Elizabeth had set " down on the grass showed her alreadv Stimctt across ilie breadth of the flooil-water pushing with ali her might at the great grey beam which seemed to open the lock gate. At length the gate swung. There was ;i swirl in the lock; the piled up mass of water plunged heavily into tlie wide pool below, shooting the eddying whiteness of its foam f:ir out' into the darkness, to whirl g round and round a few bewildered moments, cb and then hurry away down stream, .surging over the reeds and along the. ranks .of willows. Tryphena heard it ns she trotted s along the meadow with beating heart but' achsb f-et teeth, for she was a brave as well as a nervous child Elizabeth waited, leaning against thfe beam, for minutes that seemed hours, till the first heavy rush of water had subsided, and she was able bv a great effort to push the gate to again. Then, taking up the Ian tern, she crossed the narrow wet planks She paused a moment before putting die gate on 'the other side aiar. to let the water continue ninning off.' "Who's there?" she cried, holding up the lantern, and looking round her. Ao one answered, and there was nothing to be seen but the Willows and sodden ground. She opened the lock-gate and hurried forward, stumbling over the stumps of old cabbages^ till die came to the Round House. The window was uncurtained, and she looked in. Old Catherine sat as usual crouched on a stool before the fire, immovable, like some curious figures e carved in wood. She was not, however, smoking, but with her short black pipe between her fingers sat staring at a candle, v.-hich hart flickered and guft-red in the draught till it had a great white windingsheet on it almost as large asitself. Whatever had banpened. whoever had come, it was plain that Catherine had heard and seen nothing. Elizabeth turned awav frorfi the window anrl sr-rufTinised the darkness. She could not distinguish the causeway, but in the distance the town, a line of orange lights, gleamed faintly over the flood. A long breath of air came sighing through the trees and passed away down the vallev; the water hastened steadily through the lock gates. "Elizabeth remembered Jim, and hew lie had "come" to his father in a dream at the moment of his death. Bessie had never made any promise like .Tim; but Elizabeth could liave sworn that as riie stood with Tryphena on the other side of the lock she had heard her child's voice crying to her "Mother!" Something o,f awe and dread stole over her as she stood alone in the darkness; awe of the supernatural and dread of what the visitation, .if such it were, might portend. The swiftness of tilings we wonder at is nothing to the swiftness of the" thoughts that are- ourselves. So. if anyone had been watching Elizabeth, he would have seen her stand perhaps a minute looking out towards the lights of the town. Then she turned. The breath of air had passed away, and there was no sound now but the water. (To be continued on Monday.) o - lo fc pq in in c h o is la ; b l 