THE CONSECRATION OF BISHOP MURRAY. At the evening service at St. Kilian’s on Sunday evening in Connection with the con- secration of Bishop Murray as vicar apos- tolic of Northern Queensland, the Rev. Issac Moore,S.J., of Mol bourne, delivered in elo quent consecration address. His text was; "A faithful saying—if u man defire Dio office of a bishop he desiroth a good work. It behoveth, therefore, a bis lop to be blameless.” 1 Tim. -ii., 1, Tho preacher said the of u bishop is surely one of much dignity, of excellent rank, and no inconsiderable power. Docs :ot the desiring of such on office seem to tcl‘ of aspirations not in accordance v-itu tho humdity enjoyed \v tho gospel, ringed even with the pride of life. This, no doubt, is an aspect that office may scorn to present to a superficial mind, -o one also, in the tremendous responsibility, in look? but at the surface of things, who lacks the will or tho intellectual \ ower to gain the knowledge which loads to a cor rect judgement. "If a man desire the office of a bishop he dcsiroth a good work.' Those are words spoken by the Holy Spirit of unerring '.ruth. Not iftiik or dignity or [tower are tho chief charactoris (ice of Mint office. Far different are its true and real nature. To bo a bi.Jioj) is to be one of tho successors of Die Apos tles, a participator, no doubt, iu the sub lime dignity that title implies, but a shnrir also, in the tremendous responsibility, in tho anxiety and eari-s and sufferings and acute anguish of soul almost msoperable from the Apostolic office. There is a scene much dwelt on in I'oly .Scripture which makes all this plain. Beneath the full glare of a Syrian sun, nml at the hour when the glare is most dazzling, on the great soul) road leading from Damascus to Jeru salem a group of dust-stained and weary travellers were nearing Damascus, just on the point of completing their sixth days’ journey from Jerusalem. Their ioad had led them through many a scene -nshrined with his chosen pooulo. They were of that race, and one of them at least a Hebiew of the Hebrews,” needed not L have his zeal for the law inlhimed, ns, no doubt, it was, passing by the wells of Jacob and the fords of Jordan, in sight of the walls of .Jericho. Fur his zeal for Dial: law burned fiercely, and had chilled his Atari to human sympathy, i•. many a ?,-cne of suffering wrought b.V his own hands or i oiintennnced by him, And n w he is drawing near (o Ihiiiascus armed with [•ower from the Sanhcdim to further per sccute Christians. Tic was probably even then steeling himself to execute remorse lessly the duty (ns he regarded it) which he had taken on himself. JHis Icim was not cast in that mould we «ssu iale with heroism. He was small in sutun, unim pressive in appearance, yot, as events proved, his was the hero’s heart, which no suffering could appal, nor any d-.'gcr dis may. Fierce was Dio glare of the .Syrian sun, but suddenly there shone about that group a light before which the effulgence of tho noontide glare was pale and dull. It was "a light from heaven.” Ami Saul falling on the ground beheld Die form di vine of the Lord Jesus Christ, tnd hoard a voice saying to him, '“Saul, Saul, why persecutcst thou me?” Who said, ‘‘Who art thou, Lord?’ And He, “I nni Jesus, whom thou persecutcst." And ho trembl ing and astonished, said, '‘Lord, what wilt thou have me to do?” And tho Imrd said to him, “Aviso and go into the city, ami there it will be told thee what thou hast to do,” Scarcely is there any other °cone, ex cept our Lord's pnsiion, of which Holy Scripture gives so many details. For of this scone there are in scripture three dis tinefc narratives, each supplcm-,ntVg the other, one by St, Luke, and two by St. Paul himself. Tin’s is because consc ] icnces so momentous followed the con,'-• sicn of St. Paul, but, also, wo may vea-.urc to think, because wo h;vc in this scone the perfect type, the full moaning exhibited of the call to be an apostle. All that was revealed to Saul in 'hat moment we cannot know. It was but a moment that his eyes wore blessed with Die view of hat ir.dinnt form, it was but a moment that his oars heard the voice of Dio God-man, only a moment, hut it was one of God's moments, 1 1 whom a. thousand joar.s arc but as yes terday, And in that one mom cut the whole truth flashed into the soul of Paul. The complete surrender of his whole being fol lowed instantaneously. “Lord, v.-iint wilt thou that I should io?” In rcnly to Dial absolute yielding up of his whole being expressed in Die bri J words. “Loid, what wilt thou that I shad do?” he is referred to ns a human agent. Tho divine call had reaciied him, and .the grace of rthnst had enabled him to hcav«cen to D:nt call. So tho words of our Lord to Ana i> is the human agent employed were, “fins man is to me a vessel of election. . . . For T will show him how* great tbioos he must suffer for my name's sake.” ’l’liis is the full meaning of the call to the apo.siltship. Paul had yielded up all, no earD *. dignity is lie promised in exchange, nor any earthly wealth, nor Might that Dm rulers <>f the world can give or take wav, But jiower from on high shall bo his. and the glorious dignity of a soldier of ( hrist is to be his, nor merely a soldier < f Christ, but a loader of the soldiers of Christ, for he is to be an apostle. Arrayed in Diat supernatural dignity each bishop of tho church goes forth to battle for Dio glory of God and the happiness of mankind. He goes forth strengthened by divine g’lu.c to make war on the enemies of God, the - foes of man's salvation, “the lusts of Die flesh, the lusts of the eyes, and tho pi Me of life.” The battleground is first Ids own heart. There ho must first qu ill D cm. But all round him on every side he be holds the havoc these fell udvcrsi .is arc making of human life, blasting and de vastating by tbeir foul debasing inroads Die fair garden of ihe Lord, tho immortal souls Christ died to save. The power these evils exorcise is enormous, their strength untiring, the calamities they spread ami ml all pervading, all but universal. Well may the spirit of a bishop quail and shrink from a conflict apparently so hopeless. Not hopeless only in appearance, but utterly and altogether hopeless that con test would bo wore he supported by any force loss than divine. But, upborne by faith and trust in God, his spirit will not quail. The outstretched arm that, smote Die boat of Senachorib will beat down the [lowers of evil, oven by the words God will put into his servant’s mouth. And the holy example of his life will win to the cause of virtue unnumbered mills that now are aliens to the promises .-ml "with out God in tho world.” He whose con secration we witnessed to-day has been set in the van of the host of the lord most assuredly not by bis own choice. The peaceful obsecurity of religious life was dear to his heart. But forth hem that obsecurity ho has been drawn, .lot merely by tho choice, but by the c-temands of the vicar of Christ. Not by mere human wisdom arc apostles chosen. Tho words of the Lord are; “You have not clusen me, but I have chosen you.” John yv., 16. To God alone are the mysteries in the dis tributions of grace fully known. Ho and He alone names the vessels ■ f election. Was not “Esau, soitli tho Lord, b: other to Jacob, and I have loved Jacob.” Mat. i., 3. When, therefore, our Lord had chosen Paul, and told Ananias “for this man 's to mo a vessel of election,” and sem him to Paul, his words wore, “Brother Saul, the Lord Jesus hath sent me, - He that ap peared to Dice on tho way as thou earnest, that thou mayest receive thy sight, and be filled with the Holy Ghost.” A.A. ix., 17 This is tho power flora on high wl.’ch God bestows on all His apostles by which they arc enabled to hoar the dread responsibili ties with which they arc charged. For “the episcopate is," says ’ St. Augusuii, “the name not of a dignity, hut of a labour.” A labour so glorious, so rich in fruits for God’s honour and happiness when foitiifulh’ executed, that It wo rid seem to require the qualities not of a man, hut of an augch Labor for ends so exuloi 1 and so holy that it would seem to dam ml the imearthlyncss, as it would certainly not misbecome the dignity of one of the ethereal spirits who minister, rounl the throne of the Most High. Therefore was it that Ananias was sent to Pa il that lie might receive the plentitudo o' grace, that he might bo “filled with tho Holy Ghost.” Ananias then represc ,i*i>.l tho church, and acted as her visible minister, the minister of Christ. It is that same ministry of that same church conferring on the new bishop the plcntitude of grace wind: we have witnessed to-day. This is tho meaning of consecration. That this new successor of Die apostles' may he “filled with.tho Holy Ghost’,’ mav ho “full of grace.” There is, as St. Thomas teaches* a threefold sense in which the words “full of grace” may he used. In ’ the complete and adequate sense the Son, of Man and He-alone can be “full of grace.” It is riot of this sense manifestly v St, Luke speaks hero. In a restricted sense every. Christian receiving such grace as enables him to work out his salvation may have the words applied to him. In a tliird sense ho is full of grace who, 5-eing elected by God to discharge for Him any great supernatural office* receives. in quantity nml intensity proportioned Do IRe exaltation and difficulty of the duty to winch he is called by God. And the duty of a bishop who can measure it? is it nolliis duty to raise the fallen, 1 to heal the bruised, to strengthen the weak, to ipimirit-All by voice and example to guide and load all en trusted to his charge into the paths of peace. It is for him to correct the intel lectual errors, to refute the false lotoh’ngs, which in this present age find so many ex ponents. Exponents too. who lack boldness to moke false assertions suited to loiwl the miinstructed and incautious to spiritual ruin.. With voice and with pen they assail divine truth, and with voice and with pen must they bo confronted and put to shame. And on the bishop preeminently is tins' duty incumbent, It is for hip to vindicate the truth, and by the suasivo force the spirit will give lum to exorcise, make that glorious truth acceptable to the minds and the hearts of all An intollecual error is founded on ignorance and false reasoning,- the correction of error would seem not to s os coed human power, unless whore, to the perversion of the intellect, is added de pravity of will. Ignorance and error are no doubt foes of virtue. But vice depraving th': will and polluting the heart is its direct contrary or opposite. And it cer tainly is not on earth a diocese can bo found where this foe does not confront and tend to appal the soul of the bishop. Nor may ho decline the contest The good shepherd must seek after the lost sheep. And who can toll how many hours and days of desolating weariness and soul piercing anguish await him in that research. There are not many who can behold a scene of the bodily min and misery unmoved. If or is it desirable there should be any. That sir inking of the soul, the soul of sympa thetic agony which all fool at the aspect of hopeless misery. Pain has, its counterparts in the soul of tho man who riot merely bears the name, but also shares tho spirit of the nj ('Stic when he beholds the hideous de pravity and tho loathsome vices which nc who would seek tho lust sheep must nec*.m have often before his eyes. Nov is the head of a bishop weighed down only by the hopeless moral misery and sin which fnb under his own immediate gaze, oajgo «|i( jo ounnt .fa*>A oqj so mf! i' overseer, ho is perforce obliged to kvou tlie misery observed by others. Ignorance is unquestionably the friend of v*co. even a powerful auxiliary. Education, there fore, of tho right sort, could the Ik hop provide the same for the children of iis (lock, would bo an invaluable ;.id Die battle against vice. But hero again his' soul will be wrung with anguish. He sees plainly the dire necessity for • * earing Catholic schools. But where f’.iali he find Die moans, for by a most iniquitum law the Catholic, very much the less wealthy por tion of tho community, arc compelled not merely to provide the education of their own children, but their rosj tccr arc further drained to provide a very comider non-C’atholic follow-citizens. The »nor nMo contribution for the education of their iPous evil so fraught with (lisas’runs -on-, sequences of having the young brought up without knowledge of God, this evil alone r; ay well fill tho soul of a with gnawing care. If he ‘were going h-tu a (Hocese, where resources were abundant, the generosity which characterises Irish Catholics whereverthey are found would kt a resource of hope. , But tho - iso trees, small in themselves, have already boon severely taxed to provide the very poor organisation already existing. It is in cn quering great natural difficulties lint great leaders of men in the natural > rdor, the conspicuous heroes of the world’s Inf-lory, have won imperishable renown. It was by Alexander Grecian culture -‘-as spread from the shores of the Egenn -'■• en to the banks of the Sutlege. It was Dm g nuts of Napoleon that planted Die e-gles of France in triumphant display on --very capital of Europe. Cmsnr spread the em pire of Homo from the bunks of ihe Tiber to the Rhine and Euphrates, It was D>e eloquence of Gunnel that delivered the Irish from the house of Bondage, In the church's history the same law prt vails. Were there no Moses there would have been no exodus from Egypt »vore there no David tho Jewish monarch have lost nearly all its splendour. A• re there no Athanasius the Arians might have triumphed. To the great St. Angus *a is due fchc defeat of the Dona -,ssts. The greatest Dominic --oso to drive back tho eastern heresies, foul iml wicked, which had inwa.l <1 Dio south of Europe, and St. Francis of Assisi half won the world back from the accursed breed of gain. The hideous disorder of all things sacred and divine, tho fatal work of Luther was checked and controlled by Ig nntus of Loyola, and how much in our own da\ do we 'not send one to correct the moral and religious corruption that followed the French revolution by the sons of »St. Vincent dc Paul, St. Signori, and St. John of the Cross. In this very city how much do we not owe to the prudence of Dr. Backhaus, who in hoarding up the offerings of the pious has provided funds which help to tho splendour of religious sen-ices. He, whoso consecration - we hnv witnessed, will be a leader ; he lias spent half a life time in active and unsparing efforts to pro mote religion in London and in this coun try. That his efforts in lus new sphere will produce great results and eminent auc-- eesa we may hope, but that he will deserve that success wo may bo sure. 