THE MYSTERY OF NO. 13. CHAPTER XV. [BY HELEN B. MATHERS.] "And when will ye come home again Dear Willie, tell to me?" "When the sun and moon dance on yon green And that will never be." : Tlie jurywere - tubs® . \vlio waited iniChUrt^vb'4tf^b6.cqma\ / jvbary,, and ceased ■to* , ta|k; ■ ■ /. :i-' : .' ' NVeirriiist of altwasf had not doft thgVdpck, in which during the the utmost joy’ • possiUe-:#.irl!^^V^»|i;;v?.‘l U • ■ Oal m, - capable of bearing the lot-: ho hidSdoliberatoly olioson, he had entered she> dod.IT. -ttuib morning, ' sijdutd be thodjtwing seeno’ £QiL#x£d' for .an early, date/' •' o -0..' •.. ; l ong ago he hqd : abqu|fcfccd Eljmabhfcli in bis mind of 'tf^^n^^-wofl^qin^withrt Ins fnond'V in; tihftiiGncq-i 'jo.ird JSne/ltfajtion of his/days. ahdoinghta shb ' liad resumed the MkCneras in which. hq; know li or, u lid for that. ontf-mad momdht iiprh of fierce; in which pistol from -Barry's '.altd-:- gether fbi^ivdh 'KpPi;*'< , ... ..Such .’Was-his attitude -when. mai re’s crosS-exaTßihC.tlbn .df . Rose revealed a probability. that Had; hoyer odcurred to preoccupied been? with .. J > - Then, < indeed,i bph.eyf|>veet life had sihiled;bd -and drq,uphed with joy , imipcedce; UTliaif I 1 * I * l , hM easy tiling to walk ont.jpf td go to her, ‘on his lyice^Md>^hdr:' foigivonos,;.,, and in her armito forgdfc this:awful inter lude that; had. raars3 J ths jyhole ..per fect fabric of bhpivipvCj/: , Ho had listehbdimpatiohfciy i as the trial proceeded; forVwotc flmy;:n6b keeping him : with what, cruel, con viction had co,m'ehome 'to.liira;,-;thab his folly* had’ tied the throat for-tho.fi ngors 6 Move to loose it. and that jayov of., his deadly wrong |d her with a stigma -;-rdpttl alien that Jus had boen to affix, and which his death Avould but make the more indelible: : v- ; •. .'V ‘ As re ceded,.alLJaok's lus|y^ J strehgth-and man hood*(now that thC'(JauSo for self-sacri jjco wssawept out iilhim .against a on rhilation ,-aga itfstrfch(|pa rbi ngf romEl iz nboth,; ' the ‘ many good and pleasant ip'ent' The sup shone .brightly-in;oh the court, the motes dancingliippantly oji the dusty seats and . the .people, who.' hadgrbwif curiously quiet, all eyes turned to that bowed head inv'thb dock, which, had not moved a hajrrbieadth • since it first tank down," -. ,\ , . ' : Vaguely they Molt—these people who; had-come to seo.“a that yonder was. no puppeb, but aoreaturo of, human flesh and r blood, ; witji eirfs strained fortliC sound of footstei)s that her.alded.a message-ptlife or deat-bv ; ;^ : \ v They* - im mediately .the thronged. The judge sab down Xu his. - placP, "and , the prisoner stood iip^be;crest of his dark hair rising aboyo,the;pajo.manly face that looked out-calmly at ;the' strained' land breathless erfo wd=— tho vr6rst,*and had Elizabeth beenrtlTore, she would- have beenproudofherhusbandfchen.'' ■ •. The jury having-answeted to their names, in the^ do^drliiildnce,; theqnestroij, was asked: -* • ' .. . ■ Haveyou agroed epph ypur verdict ? fI « t{» mercy/' •; : , ■' ’ • -The judge bis power/uL and'oho arm fh rown across a tfChchi; he noi ther- Tooked up nor^movedi 1 liphdiis- hxpressod more anger, than-rogrpfc; . - ■ - booking past’aU f'b® facbs, Jack duly waiting for the deemed, nor; fall, 'to hear Da ffy a .sobs;, and thert ■. ; , wh q! mirdolo was thisiCof-,did : hpindeed hoy’s voioo joy fully shouting pub.‘‘Daddy f nt tlie■ top■ of bis rVdide ? ’ He clutched before him, and Mr. iPmafrb Ktdrted 'up,-and:the.j adgo, i;i «cb oip:adjiiBjfVhg.if leaned"foi;ward |e;. sfcire * court a^mau^ ;his way; arms a rosy, pina-: f bred child , who olutchcd 1 hi in; round . the nqck wlfclj; one. .arm, and ppin ted at : hi father wifcb the Liogli|hg;for joy i ;o.-5 ffcof noat that by stooping dowrC Jaek could Jiave Jtouqlm I them. r. ! V’. ;> ifo oho ha 4: letoj hindered.tho:pair since Jartin had said ;ja-fevv, brief words to an usher, .tyordis tliat;‘out-rim Kjm and passed From li.p to lip, ,tiit'-.they reachod ovdn th^ black .', cap! forgotten, awry on bis' head; •' •, -- ■ ;• ' \- Jahii) at; Jack,, then: with'oiit : a wprd lifted up, Ilaffy, who - jumped ini o; his father's arms -with «l?o.uJ^o^fty ( ,;and \- ,■ vMylotdf* ■said Janin, addi;ossing tin: judge;'” itis ■ he : standing .Mrs^ whon-Jtose and X were lameiif-iug;. Mifub wo could-not jnarry and go home . and seftje ip our own epunf^jy^b o suggested to me /should; stqal:iAienii. mistress did hht really caro. fur the jewels, she. said, and 'her master .hated . them, and there wdujd. for jaferfca in ahd. 4110 would join mc later. -I was lii a city dracd tJm -wofik—s,nd I fm, lsho prdpOHmf.i> Eor meriy, when yourigy-1- was appronbiced ■to a shoemaker, apdiyvhdn/sho. discpvoredjkhafc any oue'.copld'Uoamly' get ’into Mr. Bt. Go otgoVhou so-■ fyem? b|i e v cd ( b and as TrabsboM happened, to bb in want of one, I appUed'fdr tbo si{uatidn, and got it. Mrflvßt.'ijjleorgO'alwayskcpt fchorsfco near her, Roso saidr and 1n; the most un likcX of steal ing thom witliopt was when nuwdidf and msually. tjiab, partipuior. ddy; a. nolle •sayjhg • ’ 1 tp elcopddwustftirs that I was to- ,b'o onljM qlcyey,'.watch the house, -uikf wbdlfli;Wan''• qUiot,, climb .■ th rough’" whieWSrdamlyi^^r^ thmsapphitts pocket yiitijli.: bdpgipg-bhsjdo her staiw, mq’hui;;;''^ was'Kr. tra~baU:thfltrniiht^^^ as T bad left it. i?' ' “Alt fell/out as she had wi tli. p«6 .Wo^jfad not •pjfhnhod muvdejr § f et’Vt was. done. ’ ; “Ijust wenfc ' v baok^. ; my, ; lodgings, had/ tea, and put my- boots' outside the door, r as if ratiripg to-bod earlj\ y i v, - . “ My room was on the ground floor, overlooking a back yard that/ opened ;o’u some,-mews,;aud I;easily-gofc oub ;by the i window unobsorved,and siipppdifnloTi'ub shoes‘ place. 7 / X let-' myself -noiselessly ;oir, to the loads of Mr. Bfc. George's’ dining room, and-watche'fl/tho housed It was a dark night, and at eleven o'olpckiTldse stole f o\ifc to mo through ( ho staircase window,! todoll inc ,LikiJ. all is. safe, and* as soon as I saw Mr\ St. George’s liglit pass up- lhe staircase,- Ippnld go in. • ... eleven, and house-1 maid ;t. |;V'v “ At twelve o’clock I saw, being -close ■ now to the., staircase -window, Mr. Bfc. Gbdrge tifm otit Che ga's over the drawing-:/ room door; and go upstairs." ; tf v/Jj;cpnoluded Iteso • to /be, downstairs; ■ waitrngVfpr ng/gimrd/. • f‘ After'a li ttle wfiilo I decided to get in to tl»e house.; ... ' “Ib Awosanor©-d UUculfcJii an I expected, and it must havo-beeu} \vliilo I \vris strrrg- 1 gling Mr., Ross ‘ came in, and 1 passed up the slairs without•' ih5 r '4 ; * ■ . ' s ; / . . : * ; ‘ r In getting through the window at lasbj/I struckagaijist.a'small table or, some th over with alotidbiash. The very I .heard some one run ning qruclcly.dowastnirsv opening the' outer dpor;;sp,jhbtTtppwrng where to hide, I turned Co Hie recess, where M r«. St. ■Goorge'day '-asleop, and tried' to pull the folds of her dressing gown, round me. as T crouched behind the. chair. There was' very'little light in the room, hub dhongh. .to-show too the folding dpors flying open, and a man coming in, in his shirl-sloeves, vvho made straight for the, though,I could seq him far,better [than.he edulcl see me.'■ “ * There's somebody herd/hesaid grop ing about with his arms, as if . ho 'didn’t, know the place very ; well., and then he came close to the foot of the bed,, which was a very low one, ami stopped/short, ■ staring down .at. the lady as if he were struede silly, or as if wondering how slio cam d to be there. r ,' . I saw, then thirthe had a pistol in his hand—a mere; toy tiring—but nob knowing how" ho might use it-/and sure that he would see me when ho took his eyes off thedady—-1 sprang up.meaning to snatch it out of and all taken by sur prise as ho was; ho pointed it afcme, and I struck up his hand, and' it wont off on the instant, and lie fell..over with; his head on tiro foot of-the bed-—dead.” ■ ' Janin paused, and wiped the sweat from his brow, .. ..V ‘/Jadny’s tolling a story/’said Daffy, in an awed,voice—“ what’s it all about ?” add ing, .in (he same: breath;, \- “O! look at that funny ‘ole man in a cap , ! , ■' and he pointed his'forefinger at the : judge. _ /- . < ■ 1 . j '.“T picked rip the pistol arid tossed it awjy—it fell,between the bedclothes; and the wall, and the poor young lady slept soundly on, looking as innocent and swoe( as an angel, bub it drdu’t seetn to me strange —then; '. \- • “ I never thought of'tlie sapphires,,! had clean forgotten them. I only wanted to . grit away, from that—and. I slipped out of the room aijd*rau downstairs arid put of the house/so fast. that, Roso .’wasn’t quick •enough ho stop mo as she came out of the dining-room, so she thought I’d got the stones and duln’t know'anyllung about the murder till next morning, ' . “ I went hack to my lodging,' t kept .on at the old life, I. know if I rah away I should .be suspected, and I believed I could hold out fili al! danger was over. Rub I didn’t reckon on. Mr. St. George be ing found guilty, and when Hose, always pestering me arid blaming, me for'not hav ing taken the sapphires, brought her mas ter’s hftlc child with her, I/—ho stopped rind something seemed to half choke him — “ got to lor-.* him, God bless Him, and so I’ve come, here lo-day to Sethis father free. - “ you’ll kiss'; me, Master Daffy he sard in a lower voice, looking up at the. boy; “pVaps if'*11 bp for the last time,” he added, butr Daffy did’riot hear him. * When his father hold him down to the -pale man, ho clasped'’Janirvs nock with both hands, kissing him with all his heart, bis golden curls falling over, and half ht<l ing-bolh./l heir faces, “Going to take Daddy home to mother now—come .and sec you thiornsr !”\he said, “ and we’ll ’nvo'an other'little gatrie together P -~ \- But lahirf knew better. ; ' CHAPTER XVI. . “‘0, sho'S down on hor bondit kneo, - __ : ... I wab.s!w|8 palo and'wcarid; / . 6,/pavdon, pardon, noble kiftg, , ' " , And givo mo back my dcano!’ ” \- “ TTush ! M said-Jack, as in the dusk bo ; lirrirod the latch-key in his own door, and softly lot himself and Daffy in. Daffy had learned his lesson as he caine a‘oi*g, and now sl.rugglfd down out of: Jack’s arms, beat with importunate little hands on the do ,r that had nob been un iockod all day, while Jack slipped out. of-, sight and waited. “ Mother! ” said Daffy at the keyhole, ‘ “ mother ! ” and. the joy in his voice, some ; , fresh now, joy surely, brought a gleam of hope to Elixabolrh’s miserable heart, and stumblingly she /rose and • unlocked tire ‘ door, ; lb y'o.k quite dusk now, but the two saw one another very well, and sprang in to oacl; others arras. “ 'VVliere have you boon nll this while, rny sweeflioart^ jj”-she-said,- qnito- unaware of his ha\dng;heen/brit, , a fact , of which ! Mrs. Cliick had not dared to inform her. “ 0 ! jdnyihg)” said Daffy, feeling him self to bo a vory deceitful person indeed, and hugging, her with all his/strength. | “ Poor raotbec left.all by her lone self— houw aj/ihours ! Wondbr wliat Dtddy'iid ! like for dinner ?” ho addod, .suddenly for i j : / ‘-v- -■' f, “ Daddywill not' to-night, saidi £with jmb’wihg-’-; that if goodnows ooeii ‘ abroad,;! fit/ • wpuh| mvbtf r I)affy chuckled, as'Stflen ioyLdfr^tiomo private joke hugely, and kissed 1 her with eVen more intoxicated delight than before, [ as shoturaed to kindle a light, which ! !:showed with cruel distinctness the strained j eyes, the worn young face, and' the figure, "shrunk to a mere nothing, in. her: black sergo gown. \The shadow outside stole nearer to the : door with a gesture'of passionate pity/ of ; longing", that merged themselves into an , ecstasy.. • . ~ For did she not love hini still ? Would., she have wasted to this poor ghost for a- Tuan who had earned ■ only her: contempt . and witliout having, the power to make her'suffef ? : ' . : ; . ‘‘ .Shouldn’t wonder if . Daddy, did come ’ome to-niglit,” saifl Diffy. gravely, “s’pos-; ing a little bird corned and told me so— what would you say:to that V ’ ho ad;lod r loudly and triumphantly. , Elizabeth trerabro’d'~she know how clover Daffy was, how seldom ho made a mistake in bis facte, : anid soirio f a i h b, and elici - ;ous glimmering pf hope dawned in her eyes as, putting him from her, she said': “ Hose lias - come back—she told you something, Daffy ; '“llose a naughty ’ooman,” said the boy, shaking his head ; “ hoard Janin say so so mi (in’ about your blue stone—somebody else told me Daddy "was comin’’bme to nighb!?? . • 1 ’ ’ “Jack! Jack!’’ she cried, wildly, deliri ously, like ono long ravened with cold and hunger who is suddenly confronted with warmth and plenty,'“'whore are'you, Jack, where?.'* - . C ; • ; ’ “ Here,” said Jack, coming swiftly in, but only just in time, as beneath the mingled rapture and agony of tho moment she fell senseless to the ground; ! All through the hours of that long day She had hover puce lost consciousness ; but, vvido-pyod and vividly alive, she had drunk her bitter cup, drop by drop to tlio dregs, and now naturo todk her revenge, denying her the powor of .tasting her joy, while yet it was barely at her lips. Jack kissed lior pale mouth as ho laid her down, a mere feather-weight now in' his strong arms, and chafed her little hands as he kneeled beside her, Daffy looking on, with heaving breast,.sorely oast down .at this sad reception of his glorious news. ■ : Dub soon Elizabeth opened her eyes, and stole an arm round Jack’s nook. Why," on that fatal morning, had not heart, met heart, and byes mot eyes as they wore meet ing now? • ..“Jack," she said in a whisper, “why hav.o t hey lot yon come hero—to say.good by ? I never blamed you, dear—God for givo me ! I admired and loved you aJI the more for it—to be so, jealous showed -how much 'you loved me—if I had been you, and you me, E would have done it my r self .... are you not shocked to to see how wicked your little Elizabeth has grown?' And because, having done it, you take your punishment without a word of complaint ... .- thouglvyon wore hard upon me, dear—very hard.” She was smootning the hair from his forehead as she spoke, satisfying by the more touch of ’ him, the body and soul hunger with which she had longed for him Mi rough Mie last terrible weeks. Jack dropped his head down beside her on thopillow. If she could love and cleavd to''him believing him guilty," was he nob indeed the richest mail on’earth? I’re-- seatlv he would tdll hor—presently. Daffy, who lind nl ways an cxqulsihivoly fine sense of when ho was in the way, had Slipped out of "the room, and gono'tlown to the overjoyed Mrs. Chick ho help her to’ get something very, nice‘for dinner. . - “ If, for one brief moment,” said Eliza beth, with her lips to Jack’s cheek, “ you suspected rao; of. having disloyal thoughts to you, you must very soon have known, how impossible such a thing could he; I could hear all the rest, but nob that— : noh Mint ! JTo was onr friend, and I trusted' and honored him.” She paused a moment, then went on again. ’ > “ Onco I loathed and hated him, blit I have suffered so much since that morning, an<J I have forgiven now. Sometimes I have thought, that not knowing ’ I. jwas sleeping there, ho came to speak to you . . . . but yo.u know best. Jt is I rue X had a little secret with him ,my husband, and it concerned yon. I could Hot bear to see you worried for money, and I might not sell those miserable sapphires (though I broke that vow afterward), and I asked harry to Ijolj* mo to sell "a reversion to, which I was entitled, and ho was finding, out, all about it for rao, and two or (hieb times we met to talk it. over. That night I sent him a note—just two or threo lines —telling him he might conclude the matter for me, and I gave it,to Hose to place in liis room." I never onoo woke during that night, ami in tho morning ” —sjicj pause*! trembling. “How I hated hini as T saw him lying there, when once I had looked in your eyes! 0, my God, that look of yours brings (lie color to my face ,whoncvor T think of it! ” f“ God forgive mo.” groaned Jack.]; “ How could I be so vile a thing, and in 1 so short a time ? I was angry--! could not have kneeled to you then. Afterward'’ —— her head sank lower. * v - “ Elizabeth—ray little love, my darling,” hosaid, taking tho small, pale face in both his hands, “ try and remember, ray sweet. Af(or Tldso went downstairs that- morning did sho ' burn anything when she came ! back?” , “Yes—l smelt.,something like paper burning, but I didn’t notice. X was listen ing for your stop on the stairs. 0 ! Jack!; How long are they going to let you stay witlfmo ? ” ' . I’ -Jack looked down very solemnly, and 'earnestly into Elizabeth's blue eyes—bluer and sweeter now, surely, than they had ever jjeon before. I.“ Elizabeth, little wife,” ho said, ‘ I did, not kill poor Barry. I thought— don’t fake yxnu* arms away from mo, child—ldonV shy away topm me.- I thought that you killed Him. Stay] forgive mo. yet puce .more-^ri,thought' tHat you, Had ■ allowed •’him to admire you, for he loved.you, Eliza beth, 0 ! lid loved.-you ! a\id that he had misunderstood you, and you, in your horror nn,d angd.r.at his appearance,, there, had' ! sljjin. hjnivfv ■! -Elizabeth: lay like one stdpd'fied, gazing at. Jack. .x v : r . forgive mo, 'love?*’ he/said, f : that Ijpould live with you, know your idharacPor, and all your swept goodness, yet believe you capable of such a brutal act of .madoess’as that? And I dame to actually exult in it as a proof of .how dearly you loved me_j but mj. only fear was that when you accused yourself .they would believe you." V.: •• Arid jSO;you. could, die" for,’me?” said ; •EliMbef.li, .with trembling lips, you could not speak'to me; but you could die for me —all guilty and worthless as i, seemed.. O'.what am Ito deserve such love ? And I could tVthk that you—you committed murder—: -A * V ■She grew paler yet, her heart almost stilled _-by stress of-, emotion, then she whispered; . . ’ ‘‘Who did it?’’ “ Hose’s lover;”, ho whispered back; “it .'vas an accident—ho came to steal y.ppr, sapphires” . y ■, /‘Those sapphires;"' she said. *• What did. you always say about thorn ?’* Her voice changed', abruptly., -“.Barry—poor Barry !*' she said. “0.! Heavens, how I have wronged him!” The slow tears, fell heavily down her white .cheeks, “ Might I hot have known that it was impossible: for" him, to change so . , . and" Ho, loved Daffy, arid Daffy loved him. But how lid ho got your pistol ?" she added, sud denly. r ‘ . *‘T lent it to him only the week before,- After being in- those riots in Ireland, bo fancied himself shadowed over here, and carried firearms/’ ' ,‘tThon how came that man from Scot land Yard to find it in your possession ?’’ said. Elizabeth, touching pitifully one of the hollows in Jack’s young face, aged- be yond belief during the past weeks. “ When everybody had gone, and I was in tfiovropm' aioilo, ! saw something bright shinning between the bed and (he wall. It was the'pistol I had lont poor Barry. I had barely lmldoir.it, when I turned and saw Mr. Skcwlon/r * j “ And. so Hose drugged mo that night ?” I said Elizabeth thoughtfully, “and it was at her suggestion I first started the sleep ing downstairs—which you never liked. But I had a horror of I hat low-ccilingod room at the top. 0 1 Jack, if only we had not let. poor Bafry in!" ; “ It’s no good looking back/’ said Jack manfully, “ it was all a miserable chapter of accidents—for Janin never meant to kill him. . But'ho is sure of a light sen tence/’ \ , “ Who is Janin?" said Elizabeth, so em boldened by happiness that she began to remember she had not broken her fast that day: . j' ■ ' | “Hose’s sweetheart. And but for Janin i —and because he loved Daffy so much, ! that he actually confessed, move fo make j the little chap happy than to.save- me, Ii do believe—l should not be hero to-night./’! “ God bless Janin, then !’’ said Eliza- I belli. , . i “ God bless Janny! ” echoed Duffy’s ! voice, from; the door, as, tied up in Mrs. Chick’s dprOif.'he first'ran arid kissed them both, theniisked what they would please to like for dinner? “ Because" he added, with a shout of triumph, “us Is going to cook it! " . - ... • [tub BNP.] - .: 