.THE NOVELIST. THE JUDGE'S NUGGET. [BY B. CAPas.] CHAPTER I. Mr Justice. Bolt was a three bottle man, and, when on circuit, his wake, so to speak, danced with a ghostly "following" of "dead marines." For all his asthetic appreciation of a mellow vintage, however, he was not a mellow soul. He was what is known as a " hanging" judge, and as such presented this strange anomaly-that, although he had been hanging for twenty years, he had never grown tender. Mr Justice Bolt had opened the Winton Summer Assizes in all the glory of brazen blown trumpets and javelin men. He had rolled through the streets in the sheriff's fine coach, bobbing his little bewigged head now and again like an adder at the window, as if he were imprisoned in a glass box and wanted to be let out to strike. The faces that be passed in review he had scrutinised with the practised eye of a butcher thridding the pens at a cattle fair, and many a nervous wiong.doer had dropped his bashful lids before that set flat counten ance and. the scarlet robe beneath it, in which his conscious soul " saw red," accord ing to the French phrase. It had been a fat list of indictments quite a little harvest of wild oats to submit to the threshing-and at night, in the judge's lodgings, his honor spent a luxurious hour over his bottle in foretasting the emotions he was to analyse on the morrow. He had had professional company to din ner, but It had left him at a late hour, and he was finishing his jorum alone. A warm July day had settled into a cantankerous night. The wind blew and the rain trickled in drenching storms on the window panes, and there was nothing more than this wanted to confirm the ruddy comfort of the situa tion, for Mr Justice Bolt, curling up his bibulous toes in ecstasy, could contrast his condition with that of homeless wanderers shuffling their way over the ponded pave ments outside. Now, it is a question whether or no at a particular stage of the judge's glowing ruminations, sleep overtook him. It is cer tain, however, that, suddenly opening his eyes (which were so red-rimmed as to give him the appearance of looking through rose colored spectacles), their sleepy gaze twinkled to consciousness of a stranger in the room. Mr Justice Bolt struggled into a sitting posture from one that, it must be confessed, was a little inelegant for a dignitary of the King's Bench. " What 1" he began, in some thick amaze ment. Hawker, the judge's confidential, body servant, came grimly to the front. "The man as wrote the letter, sir," he said. "He was to be shown in at any time." The sentence was snapped out, but a trained capacity for seizing a clue in the very moment of Baking, enabled the judge to somewhat recover himself in its passing. He leant forward and fixedly scrutinised the figure standing mutely before him. It was that of a thin melancholy man of average height, its ageing face .trending downwards from a puckered forehead to a loose, weak chin, its large blue eyes- full of weary ap peal-sitting in such pockets of underlids as gave them the appearance of little time pieces half returned to their fobs. Its clothes \---quite quakerishly neat in their way swallow-tail, knee-breeches, stockings, all of a decent amber color, were sopped with water, and it held a plain cocked hat pressed nervously against its chest. " Hawker," said his master, "you can go." The servant withdrew, and shut the door behind him; and Mr Justice Bolt very de liberately poured himself out another glass of wine, which he drank in recurrent, enjoy. ing sips, as if it were the first tap of the night. He took no notice whatever of theetranger -who stood where he had originally sta tioned himself, in the middle of a ringed pattern in the carpet, like one fixed within a magic circle, and only ventured to occasion. ally shift the centre of gravity from foot to foot-but finished his bottle, yawned, wound up his watch, and then, leaning forward with the expression of a man to whom the cream of the night is done with-rested his elbows on those of his chair, and clasped his inogers lightly together. A portentous sniff brought his brows into a perpendicular line. "How dare you, sir 1" he said angrily. " I humbly beg your pardon, my lord," said the man. " What are you doing here ? Are you a housebreaker 2" "Oh, my lord, my lord I" " State your business, then." "The letter, my lord, I humbly ventured to hope that your lordship would answer it." "What letter ? If it was anything rele vant to any person awaiting his trial, rest assured I have burnt it. That is my reply to all such criminal trash. But I can, anrd will, score the anonymous writers whenever I lay hands on them. You do well to walk into the lion's den, sir." He rose with a very grim expression, and made as if to jerk at the bell rope. The stranger grovelled in his absement, but he did not move or protest. Possibly his large eyes were the windows of a particularly far seeing acumen. The judge pulled himself, a little embar rassed, to a balt. " But," said he, "perhaps the gist of your letter was other than that 2" "Far other, sir." I' Justice Bblt eat himself down again, crossed his legs, and made a Gothic arch of his fingers to support his chin. " Quote it," said he, " and be brief." The man stirred, hesitated, and, coming finally out of his circle, advanced a few paces, and leant the knuckles of one hand upon the table, and his body forward. "Word for word, my lord I I can." "Don't take me into your confidence, fellow. You have, you protest, a statement to make, and-" he paused, frowned, and added, with a menacing note of warning : " I will check it from memory." The ghost of a deprecating smile flitted across the stranger's mouth. " That is the best I could ask," said he, "and here are the very words I presumed to address to your lordship." Fresh from the tempest of water, his speech should have flowed glibly ; yet, for all his humid physiogonomy, he had to moisten his lips with his tongue before he could proceed. " William Byfleet will be arraigned before your Honor on a true bill for robbery on the high road. A sweet, rare reward awaits the judge as shall acquit William Byfleet. The writer of this will call for an answer in the course of the evening before the trial. Signed, ' Falling Star.' " Mr Justice Bolt fixed the speaker with an enduring scowl. "My lord," said the latter; " there is the statement in verbal facsimile." "And you honor my peccability to the extent of assuming it open to this pitiful argumentum ad invidiam ?" " With humility, I do, my lord." Mr Justice Bolt did not even start. " You are a character, I see," said he, nod ding his head. "Why are you so anxious to save this particular William ?" " He is my confederate," "An invaluable one, to set against this considerable, but, unfortunately, vague offer." " My lord, the offer is only nebulous till it is accepted." "I see. And what is William's market price ?" "It is everything to me. He has the courage, the nerve, the adroitness, that I lack. In privacy, I can aljust, even design, the machinery which sets him going. He is all of the timepiece but the escapement, and that am 1." " Not all, I think-not all." " My lord, I am at this pass desperate. But there is something else-something I know your lordship is intending to ask me ?" 'Mr Justice Bolt permitted himself a little lowering smile. "The meaning of the psendonym of the writer of the scribble," said he. " I knew it," said the stranger, with a triumphant catch in his voice. "I dared to put to the test the report that-the report that---" "An incorruptible judge of crime is not necessarily a judge of what predisposes to it." " My lord, you are great. Humbly, my lord; before you try a criminal, you should try the crime, and-see how you like it." "1 am particularly human. Now, sir, you have something to explain." "My lord, listen to me. Three evenings ago, sick at heart over the foul cantrip of fortune that had left me an inveterbrate and sinewless remnant of a confederacy, I wan dered afield into the country, seeking to find in the contemplation of Nature some solace of my misery." " You can cut that," said the judge. "As short as possible. It was a sweet. calm night. Penetrating into the less fre quented paths of the neighborhood, the lowing of distant stalled cattle, the late song of the nightingale, the very dewy fragrance of the grass-" "1 have an irradicable hatred of poets," said Mr Justice Bolt. "C ows low .when they are bursting with milk, and then the noise is abominable ; and when the gra-s is wet it bursts one's boots, and there's not a poet could afford a guinea for a pair of new ones." "Very, well, my lord, But, at least, I must tell you the sky was as clear as----" "Yoiur determination to annoy me. Speak without simile, sir, or not at all. Facts are like nothing but themselves ; and I tell you poets are the tutors of falsehood." " The sky was perfectly clear and starry, and traversed occasionally by a meteor." Mr Justice Bolt nodded. "That is the vein," said he. " I had entered a deep thicket, close and silent as-oh, my lord I as nothin'g at all; and was seated sadly upon a stump, when in a moment there came a roar and rush through the air, and a blinding flash that half stunned me. I fell from my perch, as if I had been-as if I had fallen from my perch, and lay for I know not how long in a state of semi-stupor." "And then you came to?" "And then I came to, to find that a meteorite-a falling star-had plunged into that very copse within a dozen yards of where I sat," The speaker was workeCd up to a state of experimental excitement. 'lhe hearer looked at him quite cool, and a little ironical. "And that is the treasure," said the latter, " that you offer in exchange for William B3 fleet 2" "My lord, it lies half buried in an un trodden thicket ; but sooner or later some bind must happen on it. At present I alone know of it; I alone can point your lordship out the place." "And help me to cart the wonder to my museum, I suppose ?' The stranger, all strung up and inspired, moved a step nearer. "Do you know the composition of as teroids 7" he said, in a hoarse, eager whisper. "Pooh I An astronomer ? The creature is at the other end of the rope to the poet. The fools pull against one another, The melancholy man heaved out a deep sigh. Then he spoke slowly, emphasising each word with a struggle of his forefinger : " My lord, at least two.thirds of this stone are virgin gold, running out of a nest of cells like honey from a comb." A long pause ensued. The man drew back, as if he dared a refutation; the judge main tained his incredulous smile. " Is William worth all that?" said the latter, at length. "That, and more, sir, to me. This treasure, so far as I am concerned, is a white elephant. Suspected, watched, my every movement criticised, how could I secure this miighty lump, or realise on it were I (which is im possible) to successfully accomplish its re moval ? But I can trade on the knowledge of it, and that I am doing." He stood erect and pulled himself together. "It is now midnight," he said. " At five o'clock I shall be posted opposite the Hos pital of St Cross on the Southampton-road, prepared to lead your lordship to the place. Does your lordship once see the stone, you will, I dare to feel convinced, find a flaw to morrow in the indictment." " Harkee, now I " What d'ye value the treasure at roughly ?" " Ten thousand pounds, if a penny." " But, man, you forget my position-the scandal, were I seen. If I go, it must be by proxy." The stranger hesitated. " fow should I know your lordship's ac credited agent ?" Air Justica Bolt drew a copper penny from his pocket, and engraved a St Andrew's cross on the face of it with his gold tooth-pick. " You see," said he; " he shall show you that I and, for the resa, believe me I have studied where to give my confidence and have it respected." "You will abide by the report 7" "Absolutely." The next moment the judge was alone. 