THE ANT ; — AN IMPOSTOR. (By J. A. Kearns.) " Go thou sluggard and watch the ant." — What I have just quoted was said to me in a most impressive way, by my parents, because very early in life I showed a strong disinclination for work. Preachers and learned theologians tell us that idleness brings in its tram every fault and vice to which humanity is heir, but my own experience does not bear out this. Any time during the last forty years I would rather have given up the ghost altogether than disturb the quiet equa nimity of my life by entering as a worker any hive of industry. Y et my worst enemy could not accuse me of being disobedient or wanting in filial respect. Need I say, then, that when told to watcli the ant, I immediately entered upon that interesting study ? After nearly a quarter of a century's " watching " I can commend it to any one on the hunt for light employment. It's a bit tiresome, certainly, but otherwise very easy work. Moreover, for the benefit of those about to set out on Life's battle I may mention that had I devoted to more profitable pur suits half the time and cave given to the ant I would now, without doubt, be a man of suostance ; as iu is jl umy wuwuo the modest allowance settled upon me by my governor. It is not my intention to give a descrip tion of the ant here. The youngest child in the country knows the ant ; knows its haunts and has a hazy notion of its reputation for industry. It is with the ant at its favourite pastime " hard graft," that I propose to deal. Scattered broadcast over the earth hut .more especially over West Australia, are little conical mounds known as ant-hills. If these mounds are e ected to the memory of dead and gone ants, they reflect great credit to those still on the bills of mortality. But if, on the other hand, they are simply run up in a spirit of bravado to show poor tired humanity what that tiny, long-legged, dyspeptic-looking thing — the ant — can do when fairly wound up then I can only say that I think very little of their efforts. This and making roads sums the great work of their lives. As to the roads they ;are well made and certainly very straight; so well made, in fact, that they might often he mistaken for bridle tracks, and lead a thoughtful person to suppose that a few sensible ants had devoted their Lilons or talents — it's all one with an ant — to pro- fessional matters, and become fairly skilful surveyors. But, although I am willing to give the ant all possible credit for these roads, yet the thought will obtrude itself that they might have been made, after all, in the pursuit of pleasure and without any expenditure in labour. I can't help think ing that these tracks are neither nioie nor less than the "block" along which the neighbouring ants have been and are accustomed to promenade and show them selves off. Some saunter along, some scurry along, some stop to admire a par ticular herb or flower — hut all are simply killing time. Thus a l-oad is unconsciously cleared, formed, and made smooth. Enough of this, let us return to the -mounds? This is actually work done, but is it serious work or is it only a huge joke, perpetrated by designing ants and played off on a gullible and long-suffering public? I am inclined to the latter theory, because were it a serious part of the ant's life, surely, surely, after eighteen centuries they would have evolved one or two architects with some pi efeiv ions to originality. But uo, he goes <>n knocking up the same old two penny ha'penny mud mia s all over the -place, and pretends tha it's a precaution — he's so industrious and thoughtful — he has taken against had weather. Not a hit of it, anyhow, if it's his home he's never there. You bet not. He's out doing a gossip with his nearest neighbour, or his cousin or someone, and directly he sees a common man come along he says to his fellow conspirator, " Brother, let us work." And so, when you discover him he is busy, busy, busy doing nothing. I came across about ten millions of them one day, and after boiling my "billy" I left it under the shade of a tree to cool. Just then they noticed me, and one of them no doubt said, "Brothers, here's a man, work you niggers, work." Anyhow, the whole ten millions, more or less, probably less, scampered about the hilly, climbed over it and around it, and made every effort to carry it off — in vain of course. Some of the wiser ones must have given them the hint that they were making asses of themselves, for nirite suddonlv thov ceased work, and after a short confab hur ried off, leaving me to suppose that they could have taken the hilly can if they'd liked, but they hadn't time, having just remembered about an important contract elsewhere that could no longer be delayed. I believe, had the ant been well trained in his youth, that he could have been made a useful animal, hut- somebody unfor tunately in the early ages of the world's history, had observed him pretending to work, and remarked m the ant's hearing, " Is not he a gluttony for work." That ruined him, it made him conceited, and killed his usefulness. Naturalists tells us that the ant has four times the strength of a man — com paratively. Comparatively! they are wrong, otherwise they are right. I have seen one ant shift a man quicker than four men could catch an ant. Work it out yourself. If nature designed the ant as a miniature policeman to make the human race "move-:on," it succeeded, but as a paragon of work, oh, no. Does the modern "copper" work? Whisper ! Centuries ago, when our primitive relatives considered eating and fighting the ideal life, it was possible for the ant to put on side and work up a repu tation for industry, but in the 19tk cen tury — well, he's played out. 