CHAPTER XXXIX. RECORDS SOME STARTLING DKVJSLUTJUEiNXS. The gentleman caller referred to in the last chapter, waa closeted with Mrs Goddard for fully two hours, when he quietly left the houBe. A few minutes later, however, he re turned, accompanied by two other men— clerks from a neighbouring drug store— whom he admitted with a latch-key, and then conducted them up to Mrs Goddard’s boudoir. ■ The strangefs did not remain long— whatever their errand, it was soon fininhed, and they departed as silently as they had come. Mr Clayton remained some time longer, conversing with the mistress of the house, but their business being finally concluded, he also went away, bearing a package of papers with him. j Emil Correlli returned just in season for dinner, which, however, he was obliged to partake of alone, as Mr and Mrs Goddard did not make their appear ance at the table. The young man paid slight heed to ceremony, but, after eating a hasty meal, sought his sister and informed her that he was going to start for New York on the late evening train. The woman gave him one wild, startled glance, and seemed strangely agitated for a moment over his announcement. He could not fail to notice her emotion, and that she was exceedingly pale. “ You look like a ghost, Anna,” he re marked, as he searched her face with some anxiety. “ What is the matter with you 1 I fear you are going to be ill.” “I am ill,” she said, in a hoarse, un natural tone. “ Then let me call you physician,” said her brother, eagerly, “ I am going out immediately, and will leave a message for him.” “ No—no,” she nervously replied; then with a hollow laugh, that smote heavily upon her companion’s heart, she added : c‘ My case is beyond the reach of Doctor Hunt or any other physician.” “ Anna, have you been quarrelling with Gerald again ?” “ Yes,” was the brief response. Well, of course I can understand that such matters are beyond the skill of any physician,” said the young man, with a half-impatient shrug o! Iub shoulders; “ neither have I any business to interfere between you,” he added ; “ but my advice to you would be to make it up as soon as possible, and then try to live peacefully in the future. I do not like to leave you looking so white and miserable, but I must go. Take good care of your self, and I shall hope to find you better and happier when I return.’’ He bent down to give her a farewell caress, and was amazed by the passion she manifested in returning it. She threw her arms around his neck and held him in a convulsive embrace, while she quivered from head to foot with repressed emotion. She did not utter one word of farewell, but a wild sob burst from her ; then, as if she could bear no more, she pushed turn from her and r ashed into her chamber, shutting and locking the door behind her. Emil Correlli left the boudoir, a puzzled expression on his handsome face; for, although his sister was subject to strange ittacks, he had never seen her like this sefore. “ Anna will come to grief some day with that cursed temper of liers,” he muttered, as he went to his room to pack iis portmanteau, but he was too intent ipon his own afihirs to dwell long upon >ven the trouble of his siSter, and a couple if hours later was on his way to New Sfork, to begin his search for his runaway The next morning Mrs Goddard was too ill to rise,” she told her maid, when ihe came at the usual hour to her door. She would not admit her, hut sent word 3j her to her husband that she could not oin him at breakfast.. He went up, later, to see if sbe would illow him to call a physician for her, bnt ihe would not see him, simply telling iim she “/would do well enough withont id vice—all she needed was rest, and she lid not wish to be disturbed by any one intil she rang.” Feeling deeply disappointed and de pressed, by her unusual obstinacy, the vretched man went down stairs, and ihut himself into the library, where he ■emained all day, while there was such a oneliness and desolateness about the louse that even the servants appeared to eel it, and went about with solemn faces ind almost stealthy steps. Could any one have looked behind ihose closed doors he could not have ailed to have experienced a pity for the nan; for if ever a human soul went down nto the valley of humiliation, Gerald Goddard sounded its uttermost depths, rhile he battled alone with all the powers if evil that beset hiB soul. When night came he was utterly ex tausted, and sought his couch, looking at east ten years older than he had appeared orty-eight hours previous. He slept heavily and dreamlessly, and Lid not awake until late, when an impera ive knock upon the door and a voice, ailing in distress, caused him to spring uddenly from his bed, and impressed iim with a sense of impending evil. “ What is it, Mary ?” he inquired, upon ecognuing the voice of his wife’s maid. “ Oh, sir! Come!—come to madame ; he is very ill!’’ cried the girl in a rightened tone. “I will be there immediately. Send ; ames for the doctor, and then go back o her,” commanded her master, as he 1 mrriedly began to dress. 1 Five minutes later he was in his wife’s , oom to find her lying upon the lounge, 1 ust as he had seen her thirty-six hours irevious. It was evident that she had not been in : >ed at all for two nights, forehe still had ' n the same dress that she had worn at : he Copley Square Hotel. But the shadow of death was on her ] rhite face ; her eyes were glazed, and ' hough only partially closed, it was evi- 1 lent that she saw nothing.' I She was still breathing, bnt faintly and | irregularly. Her bands were icy cold, . ,nd at the base of the nails there was the inmistakable tint that indicated ' pproaching dissolution. Gerald Goddard was shocked beyond 1 leasure to find her thus, but he rose to he occasion. ' With his own hands and the asais- i ance of the maid, he removed her cloth- ■ Qg, then wrapped her in blankets and ■ mt her in bed, when he called for hot 1 rater bottles to place around her, hoping 1 bus by artificial heat to quicken the 1 luggish circulation and her failing 1 lUlses. i But, apparently, there was no change a her, and when the physician came and : nade his examination, he told them 1 ilainlv that “no effort could avail—it ras a case of sudden heart failure, and he end was bnt,a question of moments.” j Mr Goddard was horrified and stricken i rith remorse at this hopeless verdict, for it seemed to him that he was in a measure accountable for the untimely shock which was fast* depriving of life this woman wlio had loved him so passionately, though unwisely. He put his lips to her ear and called liet by name. “ Anna I Anna! You must try to aroaae yourself,” he cried, in a voice of agony. ' At first the appeal seemed to produce no effect, but after several attempts he thought he detected a gleam of intelli gence in the almost sightless eyes, while the cold fingers resting on his hand made an effort to close over his. .These slight sounds convinced him that though she was past the power of speech, she yet knew him and clang to him, in spite of-the clutch which the relentless enemy of all mankind had laid upon her. “Doctor, she knows me!” he^exclaimed. “ Pray give her some stimulant to arouse her dormant faculties, if only for a' mo ment.” “ I fear it will be of no use,” the phy sician replied, “ but I will try.” He hurriedly prepared and administered a powerful restorative; then they waited with breathless interest for several mo I ments for some sign of improvement. ! It came at last: she began to breathe a trifle more regularly ; the set features became a little less rigid, and the pulse a shade stronger, until finally the white lids were lifted and the dying woman tnmed her eyes with a pitiful expression of appeal upon the man whom, even in death, she still adored. “ Leave us alone 1” commanded Gerald Goddard, in a hoarse whisper, and phy sician and servants stole noiselessly from the room. ■ -'-.a. “ Anfia, you know me—you understand what I am saying?’ the wretched man then questioned. A slight pressure from the cold fingers was the only reply. “ You know that you are dying 1” he pursued. Again that faint sigh of assent. “ Then, dear, let ns he at peace before you go,” he pleaded, gently. My soul bows in humiliation and remorse before you; for years I have wronged yon. I wronged you in those first days in Rome. I have no excuse to offer. I simply tell you that my spirit is crashed within me as I look back and realize all that I am accountable for. I would have been glad to atone, as far as was in my power, could you have lived to share my future. Give me some sign of forgiveness to tell me that you retract those last bitter words of hate—to let me feel that in this final moment we part in peace.” At his pleading a look of agony dawned in the woman's failing eyes—a look so pitiful in its yearning and despair that the strong man broke down and sobbed from sorrow and contrition ; bat the sign he had begged for was not given. “ Oh, Anna ! pray Bhow me, in some way that you will not die hating me,” he pleaded. “ Forgive—oh, forgive !” At those last words those almost pal sied fingers closed convulsively over his ; the look of agony in those dusky orbs was superseded by one of adoration and tenderness; a faint expression bf some thing like peace crept into the tense lines about the drawn mouth, and the repen tant watcher knew that she would not go out into the great unknown bearing in her heart a relentless hatred against him. That effort was the last flicker of the expiring flame, for the white lids drooped over the dark eyes; the cold fingers re laxed their hold, and Gerald Goddard knew the end had almost come. He touched the bell, and the physician almost instantly re-entered the room. “ It is almost over,” he remarked, as he went to the bedside, and his practised hand sought her pulse. Even as he spoke, her chest heaved once—then again, and all was still. Who shall describe the misery that surged over Gerald Goddard’s sonl as he Looked upon the still form and realised that the grandly beautiful woman, who fcr twenty years had reigned over bis home, was no more 1 that never again would he hear her .voice, either in words of fond adoration or in passionate anger; never see her again, arrayed in the costly apparel and gleaming jewels which she 30 loved, mingling with the gay people of the world, or graciously entertaining quests at her own house i He felt almost like a murderer, for, in ■pite of Dr. Hunt’s verdict that she had iied of “sudden heart failure,” he feared that the poor woman had been so crushed by what she had overheard in Isabel Stewart’s apartments that she had volun tarily ended her life. It was only a dim suspicion—a vague impression, for there was not the slightest evidence of anything of the kind, and he would never dare to give roice to it to any human being; never- 1 theless, it pressed heavily upon hiB soul with a sense of gnilt that was almost in- ' tolerable. A message was immediately Bent flying iver the wires to New York to inform 1 Emil Correlli of the sad news, and eight lours later, he was back in Boston ' crushed for the time by the loss of the lister for whom he entertained perhaps ; she purest love of which his selfish heart was capable of experiencing. We will not dwell upon the harrowing svents of the next few days. Suffice it to say that society, or that portion of it that had known the brilliant Mrs Goddard, was greatly shocked by the Hidden-death of one of its “brightest j irn^ments,” and gracefully mourned her ay covering her costly casket with : :hoicest flowers ; then closed up its ranks rod went its way trying to forget the jale charger which they knew would some again and again upon its grim 'The day following Anna Goddard’s nterment in Forest Hill Cemetery Mr Goddard and his brother-in-law were ratted upon by the well-known lawyer, Arthur Clayton, who informed them that ■ ie had an important communication to > nake to them. “Two days previous to her death 1 \ ■eceived this note from Mrs Goddard,” ie remarked, at the same time handing a ! laintily perfumed missive to the elder gentleman. “ In it you will observe that 1 ihe asks me to come to her immediately. ! [ obeyed her, and found her looking rery ill, and seemingly greatly distressed ] n body and mind. She told me she was i Impressed that she had not long to live— I ;hat she had an affection of the heart 1 hat warned her"' to put her affairs in : >rder. She desired me to draw up a will > it once, according to her instructions, 1 rod have it signed and witnessed before 1 [left the house.;."I did so, calling in at ier request two witnesses from a neigh- 1 raring drug store, after which she gave < ;he will into my keeping, to be retained mtil her death. This is the document, < gentlemen,” he'remarked, in .conclusion, ’’and here, also, is another communica- ■ ion, which she wrote herself, and lirected me to hand it to yon, sir.” i He arose and passed both the will and he letter to Mr Goddard, who had leemed greatly agitated while he was ipeaking. He simply took the letter, remarking: “Since yon are already acquainted with the contents of the will, sir, will you dndly read it aloud in our presence V Mr Clayton flushed slightly as he bowed icquiescence. The document proved to be very short rod to the point, and bequeathed every thing that Hie woman had possessed— “ excepting what the law would allow as Serald Goddard’s right ”—to her beloved brother, Emile Correlli, who was re quested to pay to the servants certain imounts which she named. That was all, and Mr Goddard knew that in the heat of her anger against him ihe had made this rash disposition of her property—aa die had the right to do, lince it had all been settled upon her— to be revenged upon him by leaving him entirely dependent npon his own re sources. ' At first he experienced a severe shock at her act, for the thought of poverty was anything bnt agreeable to him. Be had lived a life of idleness and pleasure for so many years that it would not be an easy matter for him to give np the many luxuries to which he had been accustomed without a thought or care concerning their cost. But after the first feeling of dismay ha4 passed, a sense of relief took posses sion of him; for, with his suspicions regarding the cause of Anna's death, he could never have known one moment of comfort in living upon her fortune, even had she left it unreservedly to him rather than to her brother. Emile Correlli was made sole executor of the estate ; and, as there was nothing further for' Mr Clayton to do after read ing the will, he quietly took his depar ture, leaving the two men to discusB it at their leisure. 