Religious The State-School Question. A PLEA FOR THE STATUS QUO. At the last meeting of the Ministers' Union the Rev. J.W. Roberts read, the following paper on the education question:— The standpoint from which this paper retards the question has been termed tne secular. This may be a convenient de signation ; at the same time it implies more than the truth. Instead of this side being essentially more secular than other sides, I holj that it is essentially the most reli gious of all. That it to say, it involves a deeper regard (or Teal religious instruc tion, and a higher estimate of the impor tahce of the Bible in education than any other. Now, that is a large claim, but I believe it is entirely just. The oniy logical, practicable, and truly religious system of education in our €tate schools is that which demands the entire separation of religious and secular instruc tion. ' I mm, therefore, not only satisfied, but gratified, with the obtaining system in this colony. I could not be a party to a change in our policy without sacrifice of principle. The apparent desire of certain portions of the community for a better religious training of the young I hail as a toatthy and auspicious Bigs. But I liold it is not the duty of the Btate to deal with our demand. It is the divine duty of the parents and the Church. Let them pro- Tide for it independently of State agency. - My opposition to religious instruction in any kind as part of the State school cur riculum is partly founded upon its imprac ticability. It cannot be carried out with fairness, and It cannot therefore command general satisfaction. The attempts have all been futile. The system in vogue across the1 border in New South Wales has failed to gain anything like general satisfaction-. The matter as ft affects the Board schools of Briglahd is a notorious fiasco. It Is a sub ject of bitter and endless strife. It is a red rag to denominational fury. It can never be' settled on the present lines. The nearest approach to a settlement, I suppose, would be W Birmingham, where the Reli gious Education Society give voluntary teaching in "board schools. But even there the question is utterly unsettled. Anglicans and others stand aloof from the society. Although th* conditions of the question are with us considerably different from those obtaining in the old country, experiments of that kind which fall there are even more likely to fall here .with rampant.de mooracy. Is the matter settled in Mani toba ? I trow not. In our State schools there are teachers ot all sMsWes of religious and non-religious opinions. The children come from homes representing no lees diverse religious be liefs. In a speech delivered by Dr. Mar tineau In 1893, he describes the difficulty that has to be faced, fie Bays, *' You must train the child, not in your own religion, but in that of his home. If there be an ■Israelite, you may teach him the Ten Com mandments, but not the Lord's Prayer, still less the Apostles' Creed. If his parents are Friends, you may refer him to the Holy Ghost, but not to the sacraments. If they are Independents, you may open to him the divine volccb of Scripture, but not in sist on the oracles of the Church." It is absolutely impossible for the teachers in our State schoolß to instruct the hundreds of children committed to their charge in the varied religious beliefs of their parents. To attempt such a thing would be immoral. It would in the eyes of the children be making hypocrites of their teachers ; teach ing one religion one half-hour as the highest and best, and another faith the next half hour «s the same. But some say let Scrip ture history be taught without dogma. The question is, How can that be done ? Dogma ia so inextricably interwoven with the warp and woof of Scripture that one cannot be taught without teaching the other. However much we may try to divest our teaching of dogma. It is bound to tlneture and flavour it. Scripture history is to me the incarnation of divine truth and divine purpose. I can't teach Scripture history without inculcating dogma; that is, my reading is conditioned by my opinions ; and I cannot conceive how it is possible to do otherwise. One man accepts Bible history as true, excepting the miraculous element in it. Another accepts that element. Be tween the teaching of each would lie the width of the universe. To read tbe'Scrlp tures without note or comment is to put a stigma upon that book such as you put upon no other book. Besides, what of the Bible ? Protestant* might soon agree, but not so with the Roman Catholics. They would not be satisfied with their own Douay Bible. We are not discussing, I take It, the ques tion of State aid to voluntary schools, though it may be In the minds of some. Such a change would be so flagrant a going back upon the acknowledged principles of colonial primary education that I believe and1 trust it Is far remote. But is the pre sent system fair to the Roman Catholics ? Permit me to give Dr. Clifford's answer to that question. Dr. Clifford writes :— " What we want, said a Romanist to me In New South Wales, Is no more than Justice. We ought to have our share of the public funds devoted to education. We do the work ; why cannot wa be paid for It f Simply because you will do the work In your own way, and not In the way the' State finds to be the only way that is Just and fair to all the citixens. Tes ; but we have to contribute to the support of the State schools, and maintain our own at the same time. Certainly ! What else can you expect ? I have educated my own chil dren in England, and yet I haw bad to contribute to the support of the State schools, but I need not have paid a penny towards the cost of the education over and above what I paid in the rates. The State schools were open to me, but I preferred to send them to University College School, and I paid for my preference. On your prin ciple you could contract yourself out ot all duties of citizenship. Suppose you have half-a-dozen poor relatives, and out of love for them you provide an institution for their support out of your own pocket, in stead of sending them to one of your asy lums. Will you therefore ask that you should not pay a poor rate, or be taxed for the maintenance of the State's poor ? Again, you want your letters to go without risk, and so you send them by hand. Do you object to pay taxes for the Post Office Department ?" I object to religion being taught by any one who does not accept the truths he teaches as his own religious belief. No one can teach the religion of the Bible who is -not a disciple of the Christ. It would be immoral to compel State school teachers, with or without religious faith, to instruct the children in the Scriptures, or even in that curious amalgam of Scripture phrase and story—the Irish Lessons—guaranteed to be perfectly innocuous both to the Roman 'Catholic and Protestant juvenile minds, and it would be an unfair and Invidious dis tinction to leave religious instruction to teachers religiously disposed. Further, and this is the citadel of my •.position, I hold that religion is a matter with which thfe State has no right under any pretext whatever to Interfere. Whether I am atheist or thelst, agnostic or believer, Mahomedan or Budlhlst, is properly no concern of the State. It ought not even to ask what I am. I object to a religious census on this ground. So long as Ido not Infringe the Civil rights of other mem bers of the State my religious opinions are entirely and sacredly my own concern. The> introduction of Bible teaching into State schools by State agents would be a viola tion of this principle, against which Isakall protest as loud as I can, aftd as long as I live. State aid to religion is unjust and opposed to the genius of highest modern civHisatfion. Bible teaching! in Btate schools by State-paid officers is a form of State aid to religion. The free use of State schools for the pur pose of giving religious instruction even by other than State-paid teachers is, when pushed to its logical issue, a form of State-' aid to religion, though this is such a highly-diluted form as to be scarcely worth notice. With the ultramontane system •adopted in another colony some years ago, of cutting out of the school readers the names of the deity a»d all allusions to re ligion, I have not the least sympathy. It is unscientific and absurd. Much of the best English literature is saturated with Scrip tural notions, and abounds in Biblical allu sions. Let our school reading-books con sist of undoctored selections from our best literature, and let the teachers give an honest explanation of the allusions when they occur. But that is a very different thing to constituting a body of men and women with or without definite religious. opinions the religious teachers of our children. Then, again, what religion sh*ll the State teach ? You say that of the majority. Then that is unjust to the minority with its conscien tious religious differences; All the con science clauses imaginable cannot obviate the difficulty. If the State teach religion at all, it must logically teach all the religions of Its citizens. It must teach theism and atheism Bide by side. In other words, it must constitute itself an ass. It would thus involve itself in glaring, unceasing contradictions. But <Jn the higher ground that only the truly religious mind is capable of rightly imparting religious truth, I hold that the best system is that which exists in our colony. Here secular and religious teaching are separated, the State being re sponsible for the former and the Church for the latter. If there be a ne«d for fuller religious teaching of our children, the Church «nd the parents, without State as sistance of any kind or to any degree, should satisfy this need. It is their divine duty. This may Involve, as Dr. Nicoll says, ft sacrifice on the part of the ministers. But it is their duty, and not that of State officials, none the less. Let our State schools be raised to the highest point of efficiency. Let us, if necessary, organise daily religloys instruction of the children In buildings not belonging to the State. Let us remember the wise words of the opener of the dis cussion, who said religion is an atmosphere. The Bible in the hands of the undevout may be made the most Irreligious of books. If religion cannot support its own agencies and teach its own doctrines without the aid of the State, let it be cut down, for it alono cumbreth the ground. Faith without works is a stinking carcass ; let it, for God's sake and man's, be burled. It is because I value the Holy Scriptures so highly, because I regard religious instruction aa such an im portant and sacred duty, it is because I love the State, and Christianity more, that I plead that the Church make herself respon sible for all religious ministration, and that the State mind its own business, which is certainly not that of universal provider of religion for the community. To me, ours is a profoundly religious position. It is with me a matter of faith and conscience. Mot only am I precluded from being a party to any change whatever in the present secular educational policy of the colony, but necessity compels me to oppose any such change. It is not with me a matter of detail or expediency, it is a matter of principle. ' - 