All Hallows, Boulder. THE CEREMONY OF BLESSING. BY BISHOP GIBNEY. All Hallows Church at the Boulder was yesterday formally opened with the usual splendid ceremonial of the Roman Catholic Church by His Lordship Bishop Gibney, assisted by Very Rev. Father Kelly and Rev. Father Deasy. Toe Hibernian Society and the Building Committee, met the Bishop at the Convent, and formed in procession be hind him as he proceeded to the church, attended by the priests, altar boys, and nuns. At the front door Mr T. Bown, on behalf of the committee, read the fol lowing text of an illuminated address : — ? ' From the cojimittes of the Boulder Catholic Church, to his Lordship the Right Rev Matthew Gibney, Lord Bishop of Perth. ? — May it please your Lordship. We, the mem bers of the Boulder Church Committee, on behalf: of the congregation, beg to offer you a most sincere and respectful welcome to Boulder City. The first feeling with which we see your Lordship once more amongst us is one of intense gratitude to the good God who has brought you safely through your recent severe illness and restored you to your loving flock, who could so ill have spared your sure and tender guidance. Your Lordship will have noticed the marvellous growth made by the Boulder. A large, popu lous, and well equipped city stands now where less than one year ago all was primeval bush. But the occasion which has drawn us together gives proof that the people of the Boulder have not been intent on material progress alone. We are proud to day to ask your Lordship to formally open and bless the most spacious church ou the goldfields of Western Australia. When we add that, it is intended to serve the purpose of a school as well as a place of worship, and thus to further the two objects nearest to your Lordship's episcopal heart, we feel that we mention a fact which makes oar request irresistible. We must not omit to thank your Lordship, amongst the many other marks of your kin'il^ interrst for your freely-given, financial aid to wa.ds completing the building. At the same time we would have you believe that we are not wanting in the self-helpful spirit characteristic of gold field populations, and we assure you that we shal! not be content to remain long your debtors in respect of this the Last of all our obligations to you. Pray ing that God mny ever grant you the grace and strength requisite, for the administration of this, the largest and most rapidly growing diocese in the world. We are your Lord ship's affecti-'-nate and obedient children.' (Here follow several names.) The Bishop stated that he would reply after the service. ?-.?'. The procession then re-formed, and the Bishop walked round the building and bless'ed it. ' ..????'.????? High mass was celebrated b.y Very Rev. Father Kelly, the music being supplied by a specially selected choir, assisted by vocalists from Kanowna and Kalgoorlie. Miss Critchley presided at the organ. The sermon was preached by Dr Gibney, who chose his text from the last chapter of the Gospel of Saiut Matthew : — ' Go, there fore, and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have com manded, and behold I am with you all days, even unto the consummation of the world.' His Lordship eloquently referred to the resurrection of Christ, to Hh message to men to the propagation of the Catholic faith, and to the position of the Church, and also earnestly urged Catholic3 to live up to what is required of them, and to strictly observe the practice of their religion. The Bishop said as regards the teaching of the children, he valued the Sisters especially for what they were seeking to do for the little ones in giving them a training: — intellectual, moral, and religions. An intellectual training in reading, writing, and arithmetic apart from a moral and religious training was only a pag;n training. Oicero, Aristotle, Demos thenes, Socrates, and others, had greater intellectual training than any man we know, but they were only pagans. They were, says St Paul, inexcusable, as they were men of I such great intellect that they couUl not i be misled. What would anyone present think of a man or woman of deep intellectual powers, [Teat conversational abilities, and with a mind well versed in the mysteries of science,, if they suspected that man or woman , was a thief or lei an immoral life 1 In every person's mind the moral law as comprised m the Decalogue or Ten Commandments was engraved, but it required development, and that was the object of a moral training. If a parent were to come to their good Sisters and object to their child receiving moral training, he would tell that parent to take the child away. But both moral and intel lectual training ware useless to Catholics, unless with a religious training. This com bination formed the trinity in the individual's educition, and with it children will be reared who will grow up to be a glory to God, an honor and comfort to their parents and a credit to society, who will love their God and will do unto others as they would like to be done by. These are the lines on which Catholics must march, for our Lord said, ' The world hates Me, and it will hate you,' and that was the reason why the Cathol c Church was persecuted. Parliament says it has nothing to do with the religious training of the children. That was the world's estimate of God's mission on earth, and because Catholics will not drop in with it they are cut off. They gave ££ahead for every child attending the public school, but nothing for children attending the Catholic schools. Still Cathjlics' duty to their children was plain. What father or mother had ever put the question to himself or herself, ' wbat price I would taka for my ch Id ?' That child the Christian mother will say cannot ba bought with all the corruptible things of the world like gold or silver. It is so great a treasure in my eyes that it is a pleasure to have to pay for its educa tion rathe ??than it should be lost. We are all heirs of God, His heirs on earth, and heirs to His kingdom in heaven. Catholics make that their proud boast, so they should not murmur over such a slight matter as having to pay for their children's education. It was nothing to them if other sects did not value their various beliefs. He understood that there was a small debt on the church, and he hoped it would be met within a few days. The people had dons their work well, and the contractor had done his part so well that it was a pleasure to look at it. A few things yet remained to be done. He hoped before long that the church ground would cease 'to be an open racecourse to the' town, and that the Sisters' Convent would soon ba fenced in. Out of the abundance God had given them He expected a return, and if He did not, get it he (the bishop) believed that He would use the whip. God does not re quire sticks and stones to punish Hi-* people. He has other means. He is at present scourg ing the eastern colmics, arid none more than Victoiia, where His very name has beeu bio - ted ou' of the school b .oks. There was £700 still due on the church ; the ground had also to be purchased, and he hope! soon to hear that it had besn paid off. He had undertaken a vp.ry serious work in establishing hospitals at Kalgoorlie and Cool gardie, but as Coolgardie was so far away he would only mention it by name. Since the hospital had been established at, Kalgoorlie some 12 m nths ago 252 patients had been received — 131 Catholics and 121 of other denominations. Of this large number only 26 had died. Thirty patients had been sup ported by the Sisters themselves without pay, and of the others some paid their way, nearly two-thirds, but others marched off and left the institution to pay for their medical attendance and comforts, £415 5s. He had reason to apprehend that some of the men whose accounts were paid were not entered in the books, and he desired them to produce their' receipts to either Father Keliy, Father Deasy, or the secretary of the hospital. He was not going to be trifled with, and he would not allow the Sisters to be trifled with. There was £2800 now due on the institution inKal gooiie, and he believed that Catholics spend more m one publichouse than would put it ontof debt. Ye,t men who spend money so so liberally allow suoh au institution to be in debt. He had now given the Sisters inctructions not to receive any more patients gratis unless they could give a reason able guarant e or get someone to give one. It wa3 not lawful to tak.; money from others to spend en charity — they must spend their own money, and the Sisters could not do that so long as they were in debt. A coll-'ction was then taken up and £105 received. After ma93 His Lordship thanked the church committee and the Hibernians for their atHresg and their references to his recovery from his recent severe illness, whic'i it was at one time feared would have a fatal termination. He had the be^t of meJical skill and nar3ing, but he really believed it was the prayers of the people that pulle I him through. They credited him, and with justice, with taking a great interest in the men on the fields, though at times he got irate with them, especially when he thought they were not supporting him as he expected they would. He was much pleased with the progress of the town. It was marvellous. When he was here 12 months ago there was only portion of a tin hous'? on the ground where now there was the making of a great city. It would be a wonderful place if it kept on going ahead as it was now doing. He be lieved there was a splendid class of men here, and the min s w-^re the envy of the world. With such prospects before it, with its fine men and the beautiful heavens above, he believed the Boulder would yes become a fascinating place. Thechu ch. is a fine spacious building, and may be considered the work of the Rev Father G'Gorman, who worked night and day for it. Regret was expressed on all sides yesterday that he was not present to see the consummation of his labors. During the afternoon His Lordship ad ministered confirmation to the (hildren, to whom he delivered an appropriate address. The Town Clerk (Mr G. H. Netbercott) has invited him to meet the Council to-day, when he will be formally welcomed to the city. 