UNITED PROTESTANT SERVICE.. cIl A RECORD ATTENDANCE, J The Psalmist's saying, "Behold, how E good and joyful a thing it is, brethren, C to dwell together in unity," 'could not a have been better illustratedI in a bmall t, community, such asburs, than was the case on Sunday last, when in response to the invitatioh of the three resident b Protestant clergymen, a congregation T assembled,'or rather, triedl to assemble, o in the Alexandra Shire Hall, to prove a hat, in the first' p)s and 'in religious matters, the commnbity, or the builk of c its members, were at one, that its loyalty to the Throne of. the great British Em- h piro was sincere, and that its feeling towarde' poor suffering hInmanity had not forsaken it. The attendance was a record one, and.never since our hand some Shire Hall was built has it been asked to accomodate so many people. 1 Two things largely contributed to this end; the.first.,being the exceptionally fine day, and the second the season of the year, which' enabled 'our country friends to leave their homedteads without undoly 'iiegfdating- thosealdaties -whseh, upon a farm, must of necessity be done upon a Sunday as well as on any other 1 day of the week ; and right nobly did our country friends turn out on this cccasion. One could not but feel proud at seeing buggy-load after buggy-load teaming into the township their living freight of old nmen anid -children, young nlehdt"d'nnmidene, who ' liid come to paiticipate in this loyal?.and religious service. .oo- gFiater proof could be -given that the heart' of this community is in the right'plsce'2ho n encouragement and help is required in. a good cause, than that accorded on Sunday. Every quarter of theo shire was represented, and to us no greater pleasure or reward could be given. that the acknowledg ments of appreciation expressed at the close of the proceedings by residents who had driven long 'distances to attend the service. So large was the attendance that the hall could not possibly contain all who desired admittance, and, great as are the resonscos of the shire secretary and Mr. Ruddl, who were marshals, they will have to admit that they'were not capable of providing for the accumodation of all who sougtt admission to the shire hall on Sunday. They certainly did their best, and with the kind and reiadily granted assistance of the Nobld Grand and members of the Oddfellowo' Lodge ,nd that of other friends, endeavonred.to provide seating accomodation for the female portion of- the congregation;, but it was an absolute impossibility for them to so accomodate'a large number of the other sex,,who had perforce to'stand out the service, and these filled the gangway and the porch, or had to listen as best they could from the roadway. .Such an attendance has ,.not, previously been gathered together in our hall, and was not eontemplatrd, But it teptd to shiow how ':apprecisted "and, anocessful these services are, and that they could with advantage be given twice instead of once a year. . Punctually to time the band, under the;ýeadership of Mr. Hoskon (whose ser vices we shall refer to later on)-marched from-the shire hall to the lodge room of the Oddfellows, where were in waiting Most Noble Grand Master James Sharp, with his officere, past and present, and members attired in the handsome regalia of the order. The increasing popuctarity of this lodge was made plainly apparent by the long procession of members, and was the best turnout made by:the lodge within our knowledg-. It was alike creditable to the members and to the district. To the strains of -a stirring march played with commendable vim by members of'.a ban'd which had been got together ivithin a fortnight, and to whom all praise/is due for the admirable service ren lered on Sunday, the procession pro ceeded to the state school, where Mr. Rudd had ready those children who were to, take part in the singing. Members of the Alexandra Shire Council were here in attendance, Counicillor Wight-. man, in the unavoidable absence of. the presidei6, who iiis in New South Wales, being in comman.' . The Revs. J: B. Swift, H. W.. Lonannd A. Coateos were also present.- N6 time was lost in again getting u?ider way, and the. long pro cession prceeeded yi. Grant Street to the shire hlll, which it reacdid '.one minute before the advertised hour.- The seating of the children and choir was quickly effected by Mr. Bougl, who was entrusted with the platform arrangements, which were carried out in such a manner as to cause the volume of. tone from the 140 odd voices to flow through the hall in stead of- being swallowed- ap to a large extent hyjke stage winge?a nd·s?-eqgery,. Tli?i ichestra as se~td nlo tii -giround floor,awith the organ next to conductor Hosken, ivwhose clhair was raiseI so as to command a view of every member of the choir and tlhe instrumentalists; the pol pit, covered with the Union Jack,-being on the left-haad side of the stage. SProceedrlings commeiced.with the sing ing, of the' Federal Anthem,: the setting an:l tris.ofwtmhih,se taken from our National Antheim,and neve, before have the grand old chords resounded through oar shire hall with-i sch striking effect as was hero occasioned. Few there were, if any, of that vast audience but dil not join' in the joyfiul 'traine, which mi~it lihare inspired a feeliuo of patriotism and a desire for unity in the hearts of all present. Prayer was offred by the Rov. A. Ciirtes, a;hd' hymns and the 5 reading of Scripture by the Ree. T. B. Swift, and H. W.'-;Lone follorved. ;A short selection was.well played by the orchrestra, during which a rfollection was taken up by councillors Duin, Sharp, a Lthde and Wylie, and which amonnted to c -10 I 5s. d;. Dr:. Clarke Whitfield's t well-knrirn anthem,'" Belil i how good I and joyful a thing, it/ is, brethren, to dwell togetlier in, unity,' was here ren deired by the combined chinirs 'uf theI II Pieabyterian, Weslean: and St. JohW'ai churches, the solo and duet, parts in. which were al.lndidly rendered by 'Mre. Jones. Mliss Chew, and Mr.J.A.Gordon, anal the arccompne;ruent to which was" played in a faultless manner by Mr. J. Hosken on the organ. The Rev. A. Coates then dehvered an eddres,' the i salient points of which were as follows, taking his text from: Luau 2nd, 14th verse. My dear friends,-"I em very pleased to be here :his afternoon, and to have the privilege of standing before this magnificent congregation, representing the three Protestant churches of Alexandra .and shire. We meet upon one common platform, first to commemorate the anniversaryof one of the most important events of the world's history, namely, the Accession of Queen Victoria to the Throne of Greal'Britain and Ireland, and I trust that frpm the heart of every loyal subject here to-d:y, prayers and hymns of gratitude will .ascCnd to Aminghty God,not only for the Accession ofQdeeuVictorla to the Throne of England, )nt also for sus taining and keeping her for.aod many years. While other nations and empires of the earth have been crumbling and decaying, the United Kingdom during the glorious and peacefp1 reign. of Qoeen Victoria has been rising higher and higher in national glory and'influence and power. Long may she continue to do so. And, in the second place we are assembled here 'to-day to unite in thanking AlmightyGod for theeplendid Federal victory, for the onehundred-thousand votes that were recently recorded in favonr of federation of these colonits, and' I hope and trust and ferpently pray that the titsmay not. ours, with their great resonures and'p sibillties, governed and ruled by the same glorious Sover eign, protected by the same flag, .peaklng the same language, may be federated into one grand, united Australia--and then dlr influence and power as a state will be stronger' and greater than ever. I believe this Is God's design yea, it is God's will, that all the nations of the earth should live in peace and ,iity ~7th each' other, and ihr'the geat. national cracible the differences of sCels and tribes. anr nations and people should be molded ' iuto one great brotheshood. For .this caste the' oin- of tGod came into the world. -Hcq'ame. nO; ta bring .disunity, but unity. H?e came, not to bring a sword, but peace. He carrioenrt to set nation ragainst nation or sect against sect, but He came to bring peace and goodwill towards men. When the angel of the Lord brought the glad tidings of Christ's advent to the shepherds of fBethelem, saying, "Behold, I bringyon glad tidings ogreat joy," accompanied by the heaven choir praisinGoand snging Glory to God In the highest, w be a mission of peace to man, for infunite holiness and accumn. lated depravity how could-they ever come to gether ? The Gospel bridges over the distance, it brings God to us, t takes- us to God, God in us and we in God, atonement, ustice satisfied, sins forgiven, eternal life secured, and heaven for man but it was also to be the pacification a of all Individnals and international animosities. What a sound this word peace, had In that Roman empire that boasted over the number of I people it had slain, and rejoiced at trembling i provinces. Why I there neverwas a place on earth where that word, peace, sounded so offens ire in the ears of the people as in the Roman 5 empire.. They did not want peace. The great Sat music they ever heard was the clanking chains of their captives. If all the blood that has been shed in battle could be gathered to gether it would apbear a navy. The club that struck Abel to the earth has its echo in the ~utcheries of all ages. Edward Bourke who gave no wild statistics, said that there had been. a ??ent in slaughter thirty-five thousand millions of dollars. Ohb, i we could now take our posi tion on some high point and see the world's armies march past, what a spectacle it would be. t There goes the host of Israel through a score of red seas, one of water, the rest of blood. These gpes Cyrus and his army, with infuriated yell, -rejoicing over the fall of the gates of Babylon. There goes Alexander, leading forth his hosts, conquering all the world but himself. There goes Iavelock, with his.brave regiments, aven ging the insulted flag of great Britain ; and cnt right through the. heart of North and South America there lie in the trenches one million of Northern and Southeradead. Oh, the tears I Oh, the blood I Oh, the losug,arches I, Oh, the bospital wounds I 0, theYna?tyrddr I Oh the -death s-Dst far ,brightes~ tlb the )ight whIch flashed on all these swordi a, shields and mans ketry is the light thatl fel' Botheleps, and louder than -the bray of:.thetrumpcet, and the .crash of the walls, and.the graslin of thedylng 'armies, is that song that unrolled rom thesky, r wept as though ail the bells of heave, rang a jubilee, Peace on earth, goodwill towards' men. Oh, when will theday cone, God hasten it, when I, thessword shall be turned Into pruning hooks and the fortresses shall be remodelled into churches, and the men of.blood battling for I renown shall becomes good soldiers for Jesus Christ,: and the cannon now striking down whole columns of death, shall thunder the vic tories of' truth ; when the trumpet of salvation a shall be sounded everywhere, and the nations are rideemed; a light will fall upon every town .brighter than than that whichl fell upoir Beth. e dt, and more overwhelming than the song I that fell on pasture fields where the flocks fed. There will be a song louder than the voice of the storm-lifted oceans, Glory to God In the e highest, and from all nations of the earth will g come the response, peace, goodwill bowards men,. and then the glorious promise will be fulfilled, for. Christtlhall have the heathen for His inheritance and the uttermost parts of the t earth for His poesesionrand then the beautiful prayer that Christ taught'Ilis disciples, and that oneso often uttered,"Thy kingdom come, a Thy will be done on earth as itis in heaven,' will be answered. God hasten the time, for His name's sake. Amoen, The favorite hymn, commencing " For ward be our watchword," was then sung with great spirit by choir and congro gation, after which the following address was given by the Rev. H. W. Lane: GOn. xvII. 20. -, In the allocation of subtjects for to-day's discourse I wase resolved that tho great questions of the day, viz., the Federation of the Colonies, tlhe Unity Hof ithe Britieh Empire, and the Alliandco of'the Anglo I Saxon or English-sponking 'ntioh"- should form tile texts of my bretllren so to speak,whilst io me weas allotted the tus;k of putting tile personal view of the t;istter, bringing down 'the question from. the general to the partic ular-the nstlional to tbohe individual. .... Need I say that I attempt the perform I ane , of my duty with diffidence, and a deep 'seneo of my responsibility. "I stand Son no pedestal from whichi dan look down upon my fellow crestisres andpoint eht- cIre'lfShtlchTrig e i o i upertor to weakneses myasulf. I. who prenc~h to you, preachl in theose same words to utyself, and Ihave io every respect 'us much need of Iexhortation, of inhatruelion,- of correction ansl of reproof. Brethren, in whst.-I sm privilegedl to say this afternoon Iseek to have tie direot ion of God, the h'oeishtance of God's"T'Holy Spirit,' and tis'light of God's Hbly;j.Wors. I speak as unto wiso. user;, j.n , e.y wlat I say. We speak as inbaeasn~ers sf Christ, as mlinisters of Hia Word, and stewards of Hiesminiseters. a Forgofthe. individua?and think of thu One for whom we speak. This day we commemuorate the mercyof. God 'in haviig permitted.our beloved Queen' to addl another yeaor to the long record, lwhich occasioned tIhe marvellous expressions of loyalty and thankegiving which we witnessed in 1897, an.outcome oft hihl, it is hardlly the much to say, is to be found in t! e iln'iost universal desir? in these colonies for a binding tigether in stther wirds, a Fedleration--which shall etrooigthen this important pert of her empire; forging a solid link to the vast possessions over wlichl she ruiles, and aesisting towards the still greater alliance of all 'those who regard Great Britain as their mother country, nd the Englisel language their mother tongue. My text is taken from Gen. xvii., 20, snd were spoken by the Lord God Jehovah to onr fornfather, Alrahlnin5 and:, the promimes were roe-ffirmed to.Joshus, the Ilcader of Isrsael, who succebded~ Moee. The lesson which Is targht us and which p; we mest learn, unless we would suffer ai smartly for it, js .that Qod is the Maker C of nations. The familiar psalm which we w IIse as a canticle and in verse, known as " The Old IHndretlh,"expresses onr reong- C nition of this fact, When it says, " It is lie that bath erade us and not we ourselves, i we are His people and the flock of His pasture. V Believe me, my friends, it takes long t years too and much training from Goal and hi from Christ, the Kin, of Kings, to make a sl nation. Everything which is most pree- t ous and greatia also monatalow in growing, tl and so is a nation. The Scripture con.l pares it everywhere to a tree, and as the 0 tree grows so mnust a peosle--fromn small ' beginninge-perhaps from a single family, t as In the case of Abraham,:increasing on, according to the fixed laws of God's. world, for years hoad balAdtreds of years,; t till it becosmes a mighty maotion'with onse I Lord-Faith, Work, Spirit. ' As a city is built up, brick upon Ir ok, t stone upon stone, plank to plank-so is the nation built tip of individuals. We have t seveoial of the component parts pronnieslly before us to-day. Let ua take the judicial as represented by the worshipful the magis trates, and the preservera of law and order, the police. ' They-are the Pn/cessors of Moses,the great;law?iver antd his assist ants. and like tlhsse'nlaavqtlstislrrw]Pkto dq, liellind.' It'vwas an iltsltrati n of the depths of dekta~lation to iwhickl Isael had fallen, thrbugh ltheir sine and idolatry, that it is recorded that in'the:days of Asi they for a long senori had been without the true Goid, and without a teaching priest, and 'witlout law.' The ,natoral coose q~rienees were theit they'were in a state of gseitinseucurity. The rmotto of the times was, "Leit. him take who has the might, and let hismlkeep who 'odC. Aceordinarly the warlike and reaetlese tribe of Dan, fnl filling the brophecy wiichlwas made 600 years before, fell upon tihe city like modern fillibaslers, smote the inhbabitants with the edge of the sword,, and. destroyed the city with fire, which they subsequently rehailt, and it became, like the city of Beershbeba, one of the extremnities' of the kingdom. iTliset is intended to show the value of the Institutions to which we ree now alluding. . The commands of Elriestand the In~unct ions of His ApostIe have always been in the direction of tiving thesem all lawtful attention and deference; their power being derived from God, to whlom as thie one great lawgiver thley have to give an account. Next we have amongst us ex.presidents and nmrr.tere of thIle Shire Council, who in their officil cipacity rupresent on order of inen, which under one name or another, lhave also always been is necessity, anl at the sro time, a security amongst civilized natione.- .:The evolution by which" froems thee.ee?et.iun ofeliere of tit lsaw .lisr the tim:e of thoe .I;brew Cormmons wealtlh sts. exotsieouae .losal" juridiction,,we havu. now oui rsnSuicipial Iolies,. mtrusted with; the a health dontforts and convonience, of the corirtnnsity, and responsible for the colleet Ion nnd -best diepoeitionn possible of tihe funds which are.Iti be nsed for the rommonnn weal., tUndnnbtedly their piwer was or dained of Goed,.and time state of Israel wun' at its worst, when hocause of their selr seeking oorruptin siand disregard of their a duty, the sacred historian records that in thoseo days the elders were not honquroed in I the land., May that day:never be knto r. amongst Up.,bulmiy.' eaoh one: ppointeds to 't:te'. .s honrourable .. antd 'responsible poeition'he'alwayas by reason of their. rsling' icoahtod wirthy, and obtain of the Lord a good report. : I rejoice to again. have the opportunity of welconing to these services the mesm bers of else local lodge of .the Manchester n Unity Indepenlent Order of OddJlf.llowe, a iu the persona of the NobleuGrasnd, hIis Soficers and bretlsren, and the OJhief Ruler, and"? Tndependent Order of 'Reehabhites. a 'he tpirit'of your existonce is federation. Brotherly love is" the keystone 'of your a order. -Your prosperity and?progreasd 'hve shown. w.tatiocan be. done by inity of pu-r pose, by following the more excellent wiry instea.d of vainjly trying to reap benefit by merely looking after No. 1. itle title by Swihich you are termed generol'y, viz;, benefit societies. r.ay help to remind you sof the benefits we derive from God the Father and His Son, 'Jeans Christ, thei e Great Physician, in whomn we live, and havieourlbuing, and to an acknowlhsignmeet of the same in word and deed. In word by your punctasl.-attendance at 'public I worshil,, andi by deed by your cheerfully bearina one another's bourln in Lodge and out of Lodgo;:in'ir word, by doing your part towards the builling-up of the nation. Parents and teachers,'my words to you will be few indeed. Our duties are so frequently brought before, no that our neglect of themss will.be without excuse. To bring uip those cssamitted to our chargo in the fear and admnonition of the Lord, useful in their day and generistion, obedient to the laws, well versed- in.English history,. and lovers of their country, is tihe task which is expeoted of ire. May lie hIlp us to faithfully ido our duty to Huim sarl to our county. ' And I am only permitted a few closing words to you" any children, every one of whloru, I xieor't, are Anatrulirrl Natives. The exlortation given by God to Jshura, andi the promises attachedt to it, should be read, marked, learned, and 'inwardly di geolsed. Keep always, befbre your mind this great trutlh,'ithat God is thel Maker of nations; that. Ife is the- Greate Mdaster builder, that BH is the true-Defender, and that Hi neveri failstlsupthtitirvit in Hism. 'Loola fo'rtlia';bleseiog of ,orde~ratioi?-it will cornme, and With it many othler benefts, and this shall b i the sign t,, you thereof 'GOrd so loved 'tlse world tihat He gave. Ilis only begotten Sou, that' whosoever believtth In Him should not peisls but have everlasting life. After the singing of' a hymn, the Rev. T. 11. HwRift delivered an address, singolarly apropos to the occasion, giver with a force of expressioni and an exercise of memory wonderiol in a gentleman of so advanced years as is our reverend fionela, and rwhichi was lioteoed to with rapt attention and.initerest. Mr Swift took hl text fromdi Cbrist's pa. r rr asreported in the Gospel by 't 'John, 17th i chlapter, 20,21, 2 and 2o3 verse. " ~eitber pray ifor these alone, but for them alno whoI I all beieve on me thirough their word ;that they all may be one ;.as thou, Father, sri in me, and I in thee, that they: also may 'bee one in is;!that'the'world may believe .thiit thou bhit a'nt me. And the 'glory which then gnvst me I lhavre givenitheam, that they ma.y he one, o on as we are 'one I ih' them nnd thoa in me ;-that they m .ay hmenadeper feet in one ; asd that the world may KcoWc that thou has sentrmeeand heas loved them, as thoua 'ha?s loved me." ' ' "MSr. Swift empha?ikedr tle. context;,'pstty [" 'of heart, as a sonditlon ofthe oneneas ln- lits le text. Thd'eieanasemployed fortheattainmcat a of that easenlialend, ar"'the 'Gracei bfo' th Father, the mrerit of the Son, and' the Rid: of I, tbeh oly Spirit5 -'Penticsst with- it-tbree [ thoudand converts was thefirat anwer to thb b prayer of which the world took any cognis. ance, and aftarwards in the Iroyal City of Caesarea, in the Barrack Room of Corn lions where many were gasher eat of the centerian sr friends and the Apo?sle Pe:er preached Christ to them, that wb.soever believeth in him should receive remiassion of ains and the gift of the Holy 3hort, when simultan iously the congregation believed and recel vedl the holy splirt and 'spoke with tongues.' to the astonishment of Peter, who appealed to the brethren who had accompanied him from Jappe, who can forbid water that these shall not beo baptised who have received the Holy Ghost, as well as we, and he orcered them to be baptiiea. Christ's prayer ha4 now received a magnificent answer in the oneness of J-we and Gentiles. The prayer was ,etrospeetivr, dating hack to the fall of uman and prospentiv., retching forward to the end of itne. lThe: audijnein in the hall was an answer to th' prayer c,nmpmsed of at least three o'tngribgation, ar tlljor e spirit ln the worship ofGor..- he prayerreeeived a forthler answer, is the' ciwir and oioductor, composed of medibers? of )t r; chuyehes, and the children upon the piltform from the three Sunday schoot, .ntl the Ministers of their several churulhev w' ?i part it the ser vice, was a happy. tanlll't to answer the text. In regard to the fedrertioo of tlia Auns tralian colonies, we have achioved a reat. euoces, though.notkall that.we desired, but. let us take courago,our.objrct will be Saeem plished. When the ltititfh a.,lotiie In. Ari' rlIctatteam#ted Aederai?id on- themnrstrslaV-el °... i tion, six voteQt,againat and seven, or-ther federation. After a second consideration I they were mnanimouesad the Uhttedl Statet' of Amerrca was an accomplished feat. I amt glad that I belong to a ohurch. that believes. 3 in, and has carriedi onu federatdloe The three divisions, of the Presbyterian Churchl were united in Victoria in the year 1'859, not f only a federal, but an organlo: -ntlin, o' berflciial were itseffects that attiempts were o made for federation on a larger scales; which received its coneumation, on the 14th' July,, Y 1886, In St iltephen's t6hurch ab Sydney, when the first FederaLAssemlily of the Pree-. 0 byterfan Church a in. Tsalsnmal and all the. Austbrallantcolonies,. including the New tleb e rides, was hell thetr*. " The Federall Assem? y bly has held is meetingsat Brisbane, Sydno y and Melbourne regularly; and now weeare: in seasonable distance: of not only/a federal' but organic uni,,n.. 'The Presbyterian churches, scatteredlover twenty firve countries in the world, eLd t erated" in, the yea 1877, when the firsteinnci~ was-hold in ilinburgh. tlcotlandt ,'The Ii:d. -erl. Council mnet every, three years since n then, In london,, Dublin,. Philadelphia' and i ~Edinburgh,. anl look forward to?tthe meet- g inof that counD i in the United'Statee of e Australia.. n The final answer to my, text will.be in tile new heaven and the new earth, where" the innumerable companytout of all nations shall Sdwell, and GCod will * e in the'mid?t of them,. and' thev shall praise flimafor ever and ever,. all clothed in robes madeowhbteiun the blaod: * of the L:,mb, ih? The- Irceedfings' were brougliht to a* a close by the sinting of the Old Ifun,!r,.th te psalm,, where tlhe eversl, means, of xit,j, ii. pos sssed by the shire hall were utilise I to permit of ti h vest assemblage leaving: *e withount disc?omfort. : \- In!connection with tht Ub'ited Servi??s. 1 the thanks of all are tdn in. the firstb , place to the orgnniters ::-- The iRevs.. r- T. B. trwift, I]. W..Lane and A.. Coates.: a No greater thanks covlli toe giveanu"n are desired by tihem, tihan, congregntion, such as that of6 sunday Istt, 'Tr. 1 lr:. in Hosken einpe iatpraioo is tn due fr nud. J tbaki.g the arduous and? nnth. nkfull p r ti o tinn of ,utnsil 0bnilnuctor, ant Learryrig.... a outi~tmoin siO ?d')hlyn sncHceessfn:ma.nns.' as Itheo: ld on' Jihis-.and on, a previous occasion. Few know tihe worrirs kttend,. yant on. such an undertaking, or, what.? it .person, in thaet position lias to. pntjli up; ir with. Considering the short: tite placeili, a, at his disposal to weld., ye musical por in tion of the service into shape and r, efficiency he perforued' wondlers, and:: both he' and, and the members. o theor'. °. band and choir deserveall comtitendationm' for. the excellent services rendered. Ttip1r r. following is a copy of a letter of thannks: y forwarded.to Mr.H osken by the reverend y gentlemen who organised these United. y Services. in Albxandra, 4th July,.1898. s Dear Mr. iloskiua, We.d?eire to eonwy to yon our .sin , cure thanks for. the tanner in whiech-, i you carriedI out the musibal dirtetion of": i the services held' yest:rdavy,. 3rd, July,. y and also for- the effi.ienoy with whilch all t:+ d the multifarious arrangements wrere-" Ir settled,: titus mainly cotitrib'utiig to ther great success-whloh attended the undert n taking.. Ir Yours' sincerely, , s (Signed) o 'T. B. Swi.T; I H. W. LaNE. - it ~ A.. CoAr c. 6'I ; 