FISHER'S GHOST. THE LEGEND OF CAMPBELLTOWN. BV C. B. SJA.UTON. The etnry of Fisher's ghost has often ; been told, but seldom with regard to fact. i It has been included in the collection i published in England under the title nf ?' NewB from the Invisible World.' In Lonumaus Magazine Mr. Andrew Lane, connoisseur in ghosts, selects it for special notice, and asks, ' Does any Australian archaeologist know whether a report of the trial exists in the archives of Sydney ?' In my narrative I have endeavoured in ve the facts a- they appear in the judge's notes of the trial and other contemporary records. Campbclltown in 182G was a village thirty-four miles from Sydney, with a church and a courthouse, the Forbes Inn, &e.; Tlie population was composed mainly of ticket-of-leavc settlers living on farms. There wore a tow gentlemen farmers, who liad taken up grants of two or three thousand acres, and who em ployed convict labour, making most of their profit nut of contracts with the Commissariat department fur the supply of meat .and grain. One iif the most prosperous of the small settlers was Frederick Fisher, ticket-of-leare holder. Uy thrift and industry he had acquired considerable property tn the shape of land and live stock. Be was unmarried, and lived with Goorgo Worrell, another farmer, who, though nut so well educated as himself, acted ns his Hgnnt and overseer. Worrell had made himself completely master of Fisher's affairs, knew to a penny what he was worth, and was looked upon by their neighbours as his man of business. In fact, he was so much master of the situa tion that he learned to look on Fisher as an unnecessary figure. He suggested to Fisher more than once that he should take a trip to the --M country and Bee uis friends, telling him that hu C'lild depend on his affairs being well looked after during his absence. Fisher, unlike m.-at of his class, felt no yearning to revisit the scenes of his childhood ; the recollec tions were nut pleasant ; and he could not brim; himself to relinquish the daily routine of his life. So ho decided to remain. Worrell, nevertheless, gave it out that Fisher whs thinking uf going homo shortly, and might be away for years. At this time Fisher was putting up in the township a brick building which he intended to use hb a store. While the work was coins on the bricklayers and other mechanics used to spend their winter evenings in Wurrell's kitchen. On Juno 17 Fisher cams iti about dusk, and oils of the men having hinted that they would like a drink, he nave him a dollar to get some rum at the public hoiiaa. Four men took up their hats and went out togetner. risner went witti them. 4e was iu the habit of strolling about the farm of an evening to look at lliiiiL's before hu 'turned in,' and he was frequently seen sitting on a top mil smoking. After a while one of the four men came back, and asked foi'Fislur, and when he was told that he had not , returned, he said, 'I wish ho would come in, as I want another dollar.' j Fisher did not return, nor was he ever ' seen again alive. Worrell said nothing next morning about his friend's absence. The men were not asked whether they had suen anything of Fishur, uor was his , absence mentioned to the police. ThingB tvent on as usual. When anyone happened to nsk Worrell what hacl buc)tue of Fisliec he would say that ha had gono to Sydney and taken his passage in the ship L--rd Saint Vincent f-u- E'lvUnd. Nu ship u[ that name had enterei the harbnur. - The inoBt inquisitive neighbour was Coddington, «. farmer at Bunburry Currau. He was overseer for Daniel Cooper, senior partner iu the big firm of Cooper mid Levy, aliip-owneii aud merchants, and unele of the present Sir Daniel, at that time a little boy living with his parents at i Bolton, in Lancashire. About three weeks after Fisher's disappearance, ' CoddiiiKt'!) called at Worrell's farm, when Wurrell offered to sell him & young burse. I Knowing that it had belonged to Fishvr. : Coddington saiu, ' Bye-the-bye, where is FiBharf | 'Oh, he has left the country with £300 in his pocket. It's a secret his going ; but I intend to see Cooper myself shortly, and inform him uf if. A chaise came fur him in the night,' and Iiu went away suddenly and privately. K-- one knew anything abnut it but myself, and I promised to si»y nuthini;.' In lli«B was Worrell tried to make the matter look mysterious, implying Hint there was a very good reason fur Fisher'B going : in fact, that he had ' bolted.' ?' Well,' said Coddington, ' I'd like to see the authority for nulling the horse. I suppose yi u've got it 1' ' Vus.' said Worrell, ' I have Fisher's receipt for it, and will show it to you.' He went in for it, but returned and twid he could not find it just then, but would have it ready for Coddington next lime he came tbat way. Two days afterwards Coddington called to see the authority, when Worrell pro duced a receipt for £130 for ''three mares nod a horse-cloth.' It was not Fisher's li&ndwriting;, and, although he said nothing Hbmit that, he dec'inwl In buy. Coddington wrote to Cooper, and mentioned what Worrell had said. A week afterwards he met Hamnvmil, a settlor, in Campbclltown, mid their talk turned on Fiaher'a disappear ance. Ruth Imd known him wull, and had been in the habit uf seeing him frequently. Hammond mentioned thiit Worrell had offered tu sell him some biiarda. Raying that ' they must lie taken »w»y immediately.' f-ir fear of an execu tion beiii' put in by one of his creditors. And wLu-ii Won ell was asked why Fisher had gone away, lie said, ' Because he was tifr&td; uf a prosecution for forgery.' Hammond aiid Coddington exchanged confidences, and agreed in thinking Worrell's conduct very suspicious. Some days after this Hammond nnd Worrell went to Sydney. Worrell was at this time iu full »--SBeBsiun of nil Fisher's property — land, houseB, horses, and the old gig in which he used to drive about the country. Thuy put uji at tho Dog and Duck fun. on Brickfield Hill. The day after their arrival Worrell called on Cooper, and said, 'I want to know, Mr. Cooper, the exact amount of the balance due by Fisher on tho land in Campbelltown he bought from you ; and if you'll givu me the title deeds I'll pay the money. I liavo a written powor of attorney to act fur him.' I ' Can you let me sen it f' | ' Ves, I can, but 1 haven't brought it with me.' ' But where is Fisher, Mr. Worrell f Is it true that he has left the country or not? .Yon ouuht to know.' ?' I don't know anything about it, Mr. Cooper, except that he left my house one night suddenly, aboul a mouth Hg--. I expect h« had something on his mind at the time, but he didn't tell me what it Not feeling satisfied, Cooper pressed . Worrell on the subject, hut could not get , a direct answer. At last Worrell uaid, ' I '. suppose all you want is your nv-m-y ; if i you'll give me the papers, I'll pay.' ' i hnveu't got them here ; my Bolic'tnr, James Norton, has them. I'll tea him about them.' This conversation tnada the merchant feel very auspicious. Tho manner in which Worrell spoke showed that there was something more in it than he cared to disclose. It was very improbable that Fisher would have gone awiiy in such f.ishi'iii — sneaking out of tho country, as if he wanted to evade his creditors, when to Cooper's certain knowledge ho was clear of dobt and perfectly solvent. Cooper had done busiiieBS with Fisher fur four years, and had always found him prompt in settling hifi accounts. Nor was Fisher likely to have run the risk in volved iu returning from transportation before the term of his sentence had expired. Cooper saw Nnrfun, to whom he ne'tuatcd the conversation he had just ha.!. ' ' Worrell evidently knows Bninethint; that he won't lull ; his manner is extra ordinary. What can it he I Did Fisher tak« his paper* awsiy from you ? ' Ni.rn.n chIIcu iu his conveyancing clerk, and asked him the question. ' No, he has not been at the ofliee forsoinu months.' As the papers had been left for the pur pose 'f having a conveyance made out from Norton to Fisher, Conpur Mid Norton agreed that ic was Imrdly likely he would have gone ou a loiiv voyage without having that matter settled before ne left, especially if he wanted money. ' There's another thin',',' said Coper. u My overseer at Campbelltown tells me that Worrell has been trying to sull Fisher's hors'.-s and other things, and has been giving out that Fisher had to leave in a hurry, for fear of a prosecution I can't believe that of him.' The lawyer saw the suspicious side of the case quickly, hut as there was nothing tangible to g\i upon he thought that they should wait and see what mi^ht turn up. 'If there has been foul pl:.y,' he said, ' depend upon it, murder will out.' Cooper had hardly got back to his nftico wlmu iu walked Hammond. The nowa of the -!J6tnet whs discussed, and of course Fisher's disappearance. Hammond ruintud wlmt had passed between himself and Worrell, his conversations with CodJing ton, &c.; The strangest thing was th.it !m one could guess what lmd become of Fisher. Not a trace c.mjI.1 be found. Everyone who knew him had been making search ; sh had the district j-o|iee ; but no two could agree in h theory as to the cause nnd manner of his disappearance. Of ciurso, Worrell had friends who sup ported his story. *? I suppose Fisher has been murdered,' said Cooper. ' More than you suspect ic,' replied Hammond. When Hammond went back to the ' Dog and Duck ' he found Worrell in the parlour, drinking preity freely with «-th«r farmetB. aud looking i?jcciteJ. They dined tog«ili«-r, and afterwards had a little conversation, tu thu course of which Hammond told WorMl what Cooper had said. Wuncll tried In pass the matter off as something too absurd to talk about, but tha la,u%li sounded hollow, and there was a change of colour in his face. ' Worrell, if you Ho kn -w anything &b;»ut Fisher, jmu had butter tell it. It's no use trying to conceal a tlnni! when you j l.now that people are determined t« find it out.' ' I tell you. Htmmond, ho has left the colony, and that's .ill I know, aB God's above sue. You needn't b .tlier your head any more about him ; he's near Ungicnd now.' After their return to Cawpbelltown, Hammond had occasion tu see Worrell about sonic horseB. Worrell admitted that they Und belonged to Fishur, hut aided, '* He's on the water now, and I have authority to act,' at the «a-:)-) tiaje producing a receipt. Having see-i^shCr write frequently, Hammond hoi ?'.-' :csita tion in saying, '-That's not his hand writing. Worrell ; it's a forgery.'1 ' Fisher «ava it to me, at any ra(e.' ' Theii it must liav« been to trick you ' Hammond suspected that it had been written by someone in Worrell's service, Kt his dictation, for h« was uuder the impression tliat Worrell could not write. At that iirmu-iit Worrell happened to rise aur! walk ac-i.ss the ruuui ; aud as he walked, the tight fit uf bia trousers and their peculiar cot attracted Uanunond's notice. Do rumcn:bi;i-eil havaig seen Fisher ill Ihpiii, auJ as Fuhcr was much smaller than Worrell— who was a tails muscular man of thiity-cix — the trnuser, made Worrell louk more awkward than lie was aware uf. Hammond mada no remark. When three months had passed, Cooper called on his legal adviser. Korton agreed that nothing was to be gaiiu-d by longer delay, and suggested that they should 6rat see the principal superintendent of police, Captain Ko&si.; That gentleman hud already heard a good deal. The superintendent at Cambelltown, William Uuwe, had mentioned it in his reports to Sydney office, llossi thought that tho beBt thing -vas to uGer a reward ; and that course being approved, the three gentlemen proceeded to the Colonial Secretary's office, in Bridge-street. When they were admitted into Alexander M'Luay'B presence, that learned entomologist put aside a bundle of manu script notes on 8»me new species of l«j-i- doptera. The object of their visit was explained. TVl'Ltny directed Russi to write out an official notice, i.li'ering £20 reward. A few days afterwards a notice appeared in the Sydney GuzelU in these terinn : — ' Supposed Murder. ' Whereas Frederick Fishor, by the ship Atlas, holding a ticket of leave, aud lately residing at Campbelltown, has disappeared within the last three months, it is hereby notified that a reward of £20 will bo given for the discovery of the body of the said Frederick Fisher ; or, if he ahull have quitted thu colony, it reward of £5 will be given to any person or porsoi.s who shall pr.'duce proof of the same. ' By His Excellency's command. ' Alex. M'Lfl*y. ' Colonial Secretary's Office, September 22ud, 1820.' Discussion got a fresh start. Instead of being talked abuut guardedly, in whispers, the matter whs opnnly and loudly can vas'ud. The universal impression was Hint it was a case of murder. Worrell so m noticed tlie altered tone and manner in which people spoke to him ; but he main tained an air uf indifference. The reward offered was a much larger Bum in those days than it seems now. Yet dny after day passed without any sign revealing itself. Tho men who were in Wurrell's kitchen on thu night of the 17th of June spuku positively about Fisher's coming in and going nut, bo that the hour, nnd almost the moment, whjii he whb laBt seel, alive, could be fixed ti a certainty. Their statements, indeeH. made them objaetB of suspicion, and W.nivll was not slow iu taking itdvuutagu of thu handle they gave him. ' If Fisher was murdered,' he said, ' they ought to he able to say something about it— they saw the last of him.' This seemed reasonable, although it did not a^ive with hit statement about the chaise that had c.utie for FisW in the night, nnd taken him to Sydney. A month after the first Duplication nf the notice no extraordinary statement was made by Farley, one (if the settlers. He said Out while driving homo from Campbelltown on the previous night he passed the corner of a paddock that had belonged to Fisher, alj 'iuiiig Worrell's tarm, about (if ty yjrds from his house. As he passed he saw the figure of a man — to all appearances Fisher— seated ou the top rail of the fence. Taking it to be Fisher coma buck, he went up to speak ; but »b he approached the liguru rose from the fence, waved its right arm in the direction of a small creek, nearly diy, running' through the paddock, and dis appearad. apparently following the wind ings of the channel. Horror-Btruck at the sight— for he tiiw believed he find seen a spirit — he drove on sn fast as ho could, and on reaching hU nouiu related what he hud seen to his ivifc. At her instance, Farley next dny re peated the statement to lime, the super intendent of police, who took him before tU« Rev. Thomas Recldall. who was alBn a justice »f the peace. Furley was si well known to be an honest man that h« escaped the imputations which would ' otherwise have been cast on him. Mr. | Heddall placed sn much faith in the story ' that he informed his brother niigistrates privately about it at the ucxt meeting of the bench. Though some uf them wero inclined to laugh, they concurred in issuing an order to the policj to make CHieful search, bdgiiiuinu at the spot pointed out by Farley, and following the creek to where ti\e figure ciisippcarei. j They ordered that Gilbert, a black trucker attached to the police station, should bo added to the soarcli party. | On October 31 Coii^ablps Newlaiid and , JWhe, taking the bhek wiih thmn, pro. I ceetled 1 1 tlie spnt »Ou reaching the ? pan dock corner they examined (he top '; rait descried bv Farley- Gilbert iiointed out that the wood wdb stained ; and on scraping it with a knife he declared that the stains were iiindv by blood. On the ground immediately baneath there whs r slight trace of lire. From the fence they went on tu the creek, aud at a pool covered with scum Gilbert took a leaf from A earn stalk, passed it over the scum, and put it tu his iwee. ' Whita mail's fat,' he said. Then he led them up the creek till they aura -« *. tributary runuitis: into it, anJ followed it up for about f'»rry rods, where tho ground bpcanin swampy. Taking the ramrod from Uis musket, Gilbert drove it into the ground, drew it out, smelt it. am! Again said, ' White man's fat ; di* ttmre.' The cottstabltiS procured spades, and set to work at tlie spot. There were some indica tions of a grave, and in a few minu'tH; '?lie.y came upon a dead b ?-!}'. The features could not b.) recognised, owing i-- 1 decomposition, but in other respects the U»'ly was u-4'll jweset ved. TUe creek wac 'alteiH.irds f..n:id tube impregnated n-ii). alum. Ou ueiti-ig or.c of the liaii'ls clear CoiwuMc N.:»-Ut«l aai-I ' That's tin? lian-: tif Frederick Fialicr : 1 will swear to i' .' He also recognised iliebuly by i's general HpiwAvmice. aud liy (he eU- ihcs. Ljaviii;; lt-ohe iucliargr, Nuwland went hack to inform Howe and the magistrates of the discover}-, and to niake arrange ments for -m itiijui'er. A warrant was im mediately issued for the arrest of George Worrell, aud Burke, the chief constable, took him into custody, telling him what had happened. At the same time he ' searched the place for any jiropeity be longing to Fisher that might be there, and seized all the )-d]-ets tie could find. When thu coroner. acc-mi}!au(uii by Surgeon Hill, came from Liverpool next morning the body was taken up and examined. The skull was found fractured iu several jilucos, ench fracluTO being sufficient to have caused instant death. LI ill aim identified it us Fisher's ; they came out in the same ship from Kugland. Although there whs very little doubt as to who was the mur derer, thu j'iry returned a verdict -if 'wilful minder ai'ainst some (n-inon or pereous unknown.' Wh-;n Worrell was brought befui'0 the Bench he madu n declaration iu whic'i he accused the four men »ho wmc in his kitchen ou the ni^ht of the 17th of June as the nuiUy persons. It did not make much impression on the magi&lrates;, who committed dim for trnil at th» next Criminal &ussi;»ua in Sydney. This event did not escape notice in the newspapers, but accounts published hardly extended beyond a short paragraph. No mention was made by any of them of Farley's ndveuture. But the etnry had become well known all over the district, and in Sydney also. One paper said that 14 the way in which the body was dis covered wasn:ost extraordinary ;' another spoke of ' the most miraculous discovery four mnntliB after the murder had been committed.' Thu sagacity shown by Gilbert was enough in itself to make the story popular. The trial took place in the Suprrmo Court, Sydney, on February 2, 1827, before Chief Justice Forbes and a military jury of fix officers— hs trial by jury was then carried on. The proBrcution was | conducted l-y Acting Attoriipy flenora! Moore, and the defence by Uoivu, an attorney- Prisoner's counsel was not allowed lhi-n lo address the j iry on his behalf. The Crown wit nesses related all the facts, as they appsar in the foregoing! narrative. Only one witness w«B called ; for th« defence — Boon, a settler, wlin stated that he had had dealing with Fisher i:i connection with which a dispute had arisen between then'. He charged | Fisher with having signed his (witness's) name to an agreement, hut Fisher denied - the chargp. Roon said he belcivcd that Fisher had forged his nntiie, and he threatened to prosecute. Thu prisoner he said, accounted to him for Fisher's [ disappearance by saying that he had run : aw»y in C'Miseqiiunce of this threat. | The Chief Justice heid that the facts cast 'the burden of proof' on the prisoner. I He was hound to account for his possvs- ' sion of Fishor's property and for Fishet's absence. Vhn confident manner iu which i he had spoken i.f Fisher's depanure and the ' secret ' that he said was iu it, all showed an infiiiiate ;ie.|unititnnc.', or a pretended one, with his mov'-uieuts. The 8tNt*iiiieiit made before the magistrate that Fisher had bwn killed by the four men could not be reconciled with his firbt. story. It was at best but bare suspicion ; hut sup posing that there whs any foundation fur it, ho'' came he, the friend of the mur dered man, to make no inquiries, to lake possession of his goods, to tiny that Fisher purposely quitt.-d the colony to avoid pur suit, aud he held a power of attorney, and to produce f:ilse receipts ? These things were not reconcilable witii the natural con rue which lie oti^ht to havn pursued under such extraordinary circum stances. The i-ri*«ner listened to tho j'lilg-'n charge, as he had listened to the evidence, without showing emotion. He did not fleeni much interested iu ilie pn^pediugs ; one tniuht have thought lh»t they hired him. No «iib could have looked more iu ditl'erent when the jury retired, -«r less con ? cerned when tiny returned, as they did in a very short lime. ' Sumling boldly forth,' wrote a reporter, ' without butray ing the slightrst visible chaiii.'K of coun tenance, he lieaid tliu fatnl vpi.lict. of s»iii!ty.' With tlie*aiiii) stolid look hu saw the judge put on the bhick cap. ami hemd him pronounce the dreadful sentence, lo hv cairteil ??in wiihin threu days, and to be followed by ilwsw.iiiiii. Worrell was equally callous « hun lie stood on tho soifl -I-1 in front of the old gaol, otr Lower (ieoruu Btr.ut. and f,.u:id liinifelf iu i!kj jiri'sence of an ouorinoiis crowd gathered together on the locks immediately above. '? With a contracted brow nnd eyes im movably iixe.l on the ground, he slooj both before and after he sseended the t-caff 'M, firm and motionless, (doming no nyinptom of rvmorse, or t-veii of inteicht iu the sacred rites which were being |ieiformed by tlie minister of religion.' lie m;ib attended by the Rev. William C.iwper, of the Church uf ISuglaud, to whom he maio confession. There was nut much truth in the con Cession. Be admitted that the declaration before the magistrates, iui|i!icatiiu- the four in-n, was wholly false, nnd hat lio iiuuself IiaJ struck the fatal Mows He left the house he sjid. on Juno 17 iu Fisher's company, intending tu spend tho uveniuu in the t-iwiislii(i. They were |.er fiictly g'«'d fli.-iide, ami had been so f.u a longtime before. When they had walked topetlict eonio forty rods he observed some stray horses inioiig tha wheat, and «ne *e.ng near he t-«ik up a rail lying '' tins urouud and aimed a hlotv at it. lie struck Fisher instead, by tuisshauce, and felled him to the ground. U.iibio z Vnhvi iif. he f.-uinl th« man -Imost i.i'i'l,s-. an. I lirina nfraiil to e«-k ^ssist.i -:.?. l,c v...iciii't mill! Iih «1im1. I'heti he Iif 'ml »«i canie.l the b..uy »1- ?«! fifty yards, (i:l he camu to g ? e imhiw 4i,.»ii.- in a maishy s|- 't ivi.ee he U-ft it f»r the'ui-lit. M^ r«-nirne-l lo his b-mr. .!,u:l,,f ? !;.]?.!«.,:,,»» i -Imi.1 working !a!iourjUE aBsruibled. *' Ah !'he coiicluded, '? the « wiling before this fatal occurrence 1 w»b liapi.y. I could buaet of being A free man. I lied my two or three servants at command, and lay orders wuie obejMd. Hut now , liuw can I dare to meet the nice of an honest man !' He died with this sloty un his lips, and left a name which will be never forgotten in the autial* of Auslrlian crime. The. question h»s liedu .inked, 'Why was Fit ley not called as a witness I' The aiiBwcr is, flint '? lefereiio. s lo the appari tion could t'.--l bu ulluded to in a court of josliee, nor be adduced as evidence' Worrell, it should be mentioned, was twice limited. On -Ue first occsiRiou there war no evidence against him. Tlia si-cnnd arrest Has made after Farley's report. 