;.;;:;:::^SfflL1;;;;--- a: (By H. PWUlp&Oppenheini;, author of 'False \- , , . *, ^Evidence,' eteu.ae^cJ ?,,-...? ,_.; ^ , CHAPTER XXL Wolfepfien lost hismatch upon the last hole; nevertheless it was a finely contested game, and when Mr. Sabin proposed a round on the' following day, he accepted without hesitation. He did not like Mr. Sabin any the better— in ' fact, he was beginning tc acquire a deliberate distrust of him. Something of that fear with which other people regarded him had already communicated itself to wolfenden. Without having a shadow of a definite suspicion ^svith regard to the man or his character, he was in clined to resent th3fiQt€f6st' in the' state of affairs at Derjngham Hall which Mr. Sabin had undoubtedly manifested. At the same time ihe .mjui .was Helene!s»guardian, and so long 'as' he 'occupied that position Wolfenden wafe not inclined to give up hiis acquaintance. They parted in,- the pavilion, Wolfenden lin gering for a few minutes, half hoping that he niiglit receive some sort1 of invitation to call at Mr. Sabin's temporary abode. Perhaps, under the circumstances, it was scarcely pos sible that any eucb invitation could be given, although had it been Wolfenden would cer tainly have accepted it. For he had no idea of at once i*elinquishing all hopes as regards Helene. He was naturally sanguine, and he was very'rnucti -Jn love. There was something mysterious about that other engagement of which he had been told. He had an idea that, but for Mr. Sabin's unexpected appearance. Heleae would have offered him a larger share of 'tier confidence. He was content to wait for it Wolf enden had ridden over from home, and left-liis horse in the hotel stables. As he pass ed .;tbe,,lipll a, familiar figure standing in the open doorway hailed him. He glanced quick ly up. and stopped short. It was Harcutt who was standing there, in a Norfolk tweed suitknd thick boots. 'Of all men in the world,' he exclaimed, in iblank surprise. 'What, in the name of all that's wonderful, are you doing here?' Harcutt answered with a certain dogged ness, almost as though he resented Wolfen den's astonishment. 'I don't know why you should look at me as though I were a ghost,' he said. 'If it .comes to that, I might ask you the same question. fWhat are you doing here?' . 'OM I'm at home,' Wolfenden answered promptly. 'Tin down to visit my people; it's only : a mile or two from here to Deringham Hall.' Harcutt dropped his eyeglass and laughed 6hortly. , 'You are wonderfully filial all of a. sudden,' he remarked. 'Of course, you had no other reason for coming!' 'None at all,' Wolfenden answered fimdy. i 'I came .because I was sent for. It was a complete surprise to me to meet Mr. Sabin here — at least, it would have been if I had not travelled down with his niece. Their coming was simply a stroke of luck for me.' Harcutt assumed a more amiable expression. 'I am glad to hear it,' he said. 'I thought that you were stealing a march on me, and there really was not any necessity, for our in terests do not clash in the least. It was dif ferent between .you and poor old Densham, but he's given 'it up of his own accord, and he sailed for India yesterday.' 'Poor old chap!' Wolfenden said softly. 'He. would, not tell you, I suimosev even at the last, what it was he had heard about— those people?' 'He would not tell me,' Harcutt answered; .''bur he sent a message to you. - He wished ,.jpe to remind you that you had been friends ., Sot .fifteen years, _and h_£ was not likely to de ^CieiiEe ^ou: - He. rwsk leaving' the country, he -;!said, because he had certain and definite in formation concerning the girl, which made it absolutely hopeless for either you or he to think of her. His advice to you was to do the same.' 'I do not doubt Densham,' Wolfenden said slowly; 'but I doubt his information. It : came from a woman who had been Den . 'Sham's friend. Then, again, what may seem an insurmountable obstacle to him, may not be 'so to me. Nothing vague in the shape oi warnings will deter me.' 'Well,' Harcutt said, 'I have given you Densnam'e message and my responsibility concerning it is ended. As you know, my own intereets-Ke-in a different direction.- Now I want a few minutes' conversation with you. The hotel rooms are a little too public. Are you in a hurry, *or can you walk up and down the drive w:itti irie once or twice?' 'I can spare half an hour very well,' Wolf enden said: 'but I should prefer to do no more walking just yet Come and sit down here— it isn't cold.' They chose a seat looking over the sea. Harcutt glanced carefully all round. There was no possibility of their being overheard, 3ior; indeed was there any one in sight. 'tarn developing fresh instincts,' Harcutt eaidr -as.he crossed his legs and lit a cigarette. 'I am here, I should like you to understand, purely in a professional capacitv— and I want yotttj'help.' .'jS'ut, my dear fellow,' Wolfenden said, 'I don't understand. ^If, when you eay profes „ Bionally, you mean as a journalist, why, what on earth in this place can there be worth the . chronicling? There is scarcely a single per son known to society in the neighborhood.' 'Mr. Sabin is here!' Hareutt remarked quietly. Wolfenden looked at him in surprise. 'That might have accounted for your pre sence here as a private individual,' he said, 'but, professionally, how on earth can he inte rest you?' .'??'? 'He interests; me professionally very much indeed,' Harcutt answered. Wolfenden was getting puzzled. 'Mr. Sabin interests you professionally?' he repeated, slowly. 'Then you have, learnt something. ;Mr. Sabin has an identity other cMtbatf-ijfsown;1'--- . ?.: .. - - 'I suspect him to be,' Harcutt said slowly, ,ua most important and interesting personage. I have learnt a little' concerning him. I am : here to learn more; I am convinced that it is worth while.' *; 'Have you learnt anything,' Wolfenden ?£ asked,, 'concerting his niece?' ??/.'? i' ^'Absolutely nothing,' Harcutt answered, de -'cadeaiy. 'I may as well repeat that my in ? -teresrt is in the man*alohe. j.amiiot a senti mental person at alL- ; His ^lece: -is: perhaps the inost beautiful woman I 'have ever seen in my life; but it ie with no thought of her that I Jiay e taken up this investigation. Having .... assured- you of that, I want to know if you will help me?' . :- , iC-,!': 'You must speak a little more plainly,' ?/??? Wolfenden said; 'you are altogether too vague. -tWhattielp do you want, and for what pur ;.ppse5' ? . t.;: VMr. Sabin,' Hareutt eaid, 'is engaged in .- great political schemes. He is in ^onstant and anxious communication with the ambassadors .,ojf.#| great Powers.. He. affects secrecy in all tali; movements, and the name by which he. is known is without 'doijbt'an ''assumed one. .--;'3Si6'ninca i have learnt for eeirtain. ^My own V |deas -,--«3re too vague yet for me jto- formulate. ' ;i-:I vfcaniidtvsay any . more,-. cxc0pt|Qiat -l believe \- fcto tofbe deep in some design -which is cer^ ^tiinj^abt for the welfare flfthlf^onhtry. It ^-.is'itiiy assurance of this ^nienjJBsflfifcs me in '?' exereisUig^ certain espionage iipottirfs move ;mentB^Tvb.ich justifies me also, Wolfenden, in .'wasTiifig for your' assistance.' 7'. 'My position,' Wolfenden remarked, 'be- J comes a 'little difficult. % Whoever ; tbis man ' V-Sa^lf may be, nothing would induce me to be -: li&reM; ot his niece. I could takenq; part; in V/anSthing likely to do her harm. You' will-Ufa* derstanol this betteir, Hawmft; when I teli;yo» that, a few hours 'ago, I asked her to be my i*m.' . ' ? . .:- ? ?.?.??.'--??- -: .? - 'Sou asked her-^wMt?' - :'.V ;S^ '%Co be my wife.' ?' ' ' '? '? - ' ? -: ? # 'And she?' '?''-.',:* ; ' ?' ' -:.;i ' -.?-.- 'Eefused me!' ? . . -:Hai%ig£t looked-. ugSUhim iora moment in 'Who Tefused you— Mr, Sabin or his niece?'' 'Both!' 'Did «he— did Mr. Sabin know youir posi tion? Did he understand that you are the fu ture Earl of Deringham?' 'Without a doubt,' Wolfenden answered drilyv 'in-fact Mr.Sabin seemed 'to be pretty well up in my genealogy. He had met my: father once, he told me.' Harcutt, with the; natural selfishness of a man engaged upon iiis favorite pursuit, quite i forgot to sympathise with his friend. He thought only of the bearing of this strange happening upon this quest. 'This,' lie remarked, 'disposes once and for all of the suggestion that these people are or dinary adventurers.' 'If any one,' Wolfenden said, 'was ever idiotic enough to entertain the possibility of such a thing. I may add that from the first I -have had almost fo thrust my acquaintance upon them, especially so far as Mr. Sabin 5s concerned. He has never asked me to call upon them here, or In London; and this morn ing when he found me with his niece he was quietly but furiously angry.' 'It is never worth while,' Harcutt said, 'to reject a possibility until you have tested and proved it. What you say, however, settles this one. They are not adventurers in anv sense of the word. Now, will you answer me a few questions? It may be just as much to your advantage as to mine to go into this mat ter.' Wolfenden nodded. 'You can ask the question, at any rate,' he said; 'I will answer them if I can.' 'The young lady— did she refuse you from personal reasons? A man can always tell, you know. Hadn't you the impression, from her answer, that it was more the force of cir cumstances than. any other objection to you which prompted her negative? I've put it bluntly, but you know what I mean.' Wolfenden did not answer for nearly a minute. He was gazing steadily seaward, recalling with a swift effort of his imagina tion every word which had passed between them— be could even hear her voice, and see her face, with the soft dark eyevs, so close to his. It was a luxury of recollection. 'I will admit,' he said, quietly, 'that what you suggest has already occurred to me. If l± I had not, I should be much moi*e unhappy than I am at this moment. To tell you the honest truth, I was not content with her answer, or rather the manner of it. I should have had souftj hope of inducing her to, at any rate, modify ir, but for Mr. Sabin's unexpected ap pearance. About him, at least, there was no hesitation; he snid no, and he meant it.' 'That is what I imagined might be the case,' Harcutt said, thoughtfully. 'I don't want to have you think that I imagine any disres pect to the young lady, but don't you see that either she and Mr. Sabin must stand towards oue another iu ail equivocal position, or else they must be in altogether a different position to their assumed one, when they dismiss the subject of an alliance with you so nerem torily.' Wclfeuden flushed up to the temples, and his eyes were lit with fire. 'You may dismiss all idea of the former pos sibility.' he said, with ominous quietness. 'If you wish me to discuss this matter with you further you 'will be particularly careful^to u\uju me mmresi auusion to it. 'I have never seriously entertained it,' Har cutt assented cheerfully; 'I, too, believe in the girl. She looks at once too proud and too innocent for any association, with such thoughts with her. She has the bearing and the manners of a queen. Granted, then, that we dismiss the first possibility.' 'Absolutely and for ever,' Wolfenden said firmly. 'I may add that Mr. Sabin met me with a distinct reason for his Tefusal— he in formed me his niece was already betrothed.' 'That may or may not be true,' Harcutt said. 'It does not affect the question which we are considering at present. We must come to the conclusion that these are people of considerable importance. That is what I ?honestly believe. Now, what do you suppose brings Mr. Sabin to such an out of the way hole as this?' 'The golf, very likely,' Wolfenden said. 'He is a magnificent player.' Harcutt frowned. 'If I thought so,' he said, 'I should con sider my journey here a wasted one. But I can't. He is in the midst of delicate and im portant negotiations — I know as much as that. He would not come down here at such a time to play golf. It is an absurd idea!' 'I really don't see how else you caji explain Jt,' Wolfenden remarked; 'the greatest men have had their hobbies, you know. I need not remind you of Nero's fiddle, or Drake's bowls.' 'Quite unnecessary,' Harcutt declared brisk ly. 'Frankly, I don't believe in Mr. Sabin's golf. There is somebody or something down here connected with hie schemes; the golf is a subterfuge. He plays it well because he does everything well.' 'It will tax your Ingenuity,' Wolfenden said, 'to connect his visit here with anything in the shape of political schemes.' 'My ingenuity accepts the task, at any rate,' Harcutt said. 'I am going to find out all about it and you must help me. It will; be for both our interests.' 'I am afraid,' Wolfenden answered, 'that you are on a wild goose chase. Still I am quite willing to help you, if I can.' 'Well, to begin then,' Harcutt said; 'you have been with him some time to-day. Did he ask you any questions about the locality? Did he show any curiosity in any of the resi dents?' Wolfenden shook his head. 'Absolutely none,' he answered. 'The only conversation we had, in which he showed any interest at all, was concerning my own people. By the by, that reminds me! I told Mm of. an incident which- occurred . at ; Deringham Hall last night, and he was certainly interest ed and curious. I chanced to look at him at an unexpected moment, and his appearance astonished me. I have never seen him look so keen about anything before.' 'Will you tell me the incident at once, please?' Hcrcutt begged, eagerly. 'It may contain the very clue for which I am hunting. Anything which interests Mr. Sabin interests me.' 'There Is no secrecy about the matter,' Wolfenden said. 'I will tell you all about it. You may perhaps have heard that my father has been in very poor health ever since the great Solent disaster. It unfortunately affect ed his brain to a certain extent, and he has been the victim of delusions ever since. The most serious of these is, that he has been com missioned by the Government to prepare, upon a gigantic scale, a plan- and description of our coast defences and navy He'Tiae a secretary and typist, and works ^en hours a day; but from their report aha my own observations, I am afraid the only result Is an absolute unin telligible chaos. Still, of , course, we have to take him seriously, and be thankful that it was no worse. Now,- the incident ; which I told Mr. Sabin was this. Last night a man called aiid introduced himself as JD»r. Wilmot, the great mind specialist. ^He Represented .thai he iad been staying, jn^the neighborhood, and w.as on friendly terms with the local medico here. My father's case'had been men tioned between them, and ?' he had ; become ' much interested in it. He had a - theory of his own for. the investigation ot such cases which consisted, briefly, of .a careful scrutiny .of any work done by the patient; He^brought a letter from Dr. Whitlett, JWifl said ihat if we would procure aim a sight of any fataer's most recent manuscripts lie'wquld give us an opin ion on the case. We never liad the slightest 'suspicion as to the truth of his statements, atid I took hini with me to the Admiralfs study. However, while we were there* arid the was rattling through the manuscripts, .lip comes Dr. Whitlett, the local man, in hot haste/ The letter wa6 a -forgery, and the man ,an impostor! He escaped through the win foow, and got clean away. 'That is the etory just as I told it to Mr. Sabin. What do you make of it?' . , Harcutt stood up, and laid hie hand upon the .'other's shoulder. ! 'Well, I've got my due, that's all,' he de clared; 'the thing's as plain as sunlight.' Wolfenden rose also to his feet 'I must be a fool,' he said, 'for I certainly can't see it' ; Harcutt lowered his tone. 'Look here, Wolfenden,' he eaid, 'I have no doubt that you are right, and that your father's work is of no value; but you may be very sure of one thing— Mr. Sabin does not :think so!' 'I don't see what Mr. Sabin has got to -do with it' Wolfenden said. / -. Harcutt laughed. 'Well, I will tell you one thing,' lie said; 'it is the contents of your father's study which has brought Mr. Sabin to Deringham !'* (To be continued.) ; 