NEW SOUTH WALES.. SYDNEY, August 31. The Ministers of Agriculture for New South Wales, Victoria, and Queensland met in conference 6n Satturday and dis cussed the proposed alteration in, the Queensland tick quarantine boundaries. The condition of Rowley and Victor Lisson, the victims of a father's frenzy, is. better. Rowley's head was success fully trepanned. Miss Garrick's aged parents are terribly prostrated. The Government Bacteriologist is experimenting ti ascertain whether inoculation for tick will -affect milk or beef' as articles of food. When the report is presenuted the Government will decide whether to allow inoculation or not. S SYDNEY, September 1. Mary Higgins to-day sued Henry C. R. Nicholls, described as a mine manager, for £500 for breach of promise of marriage. The plaintiff alleged seduc tion, a child being born. Defendant paid for the maintenance of the child for some time, and then discontinued all communication. A verdict was given for £250. In connection with the finding of the body of a man known as William Wesley, at the barbor, ith wounds. about the head, suggesting foul play, it has been ascertained that,he came from Melbourne. It is stated that he was there known as William Reasor, and that he also passed under the name of Crossley. He was subject to fits, and it is thought that he may have falen from the vessel and struck some substance, causing the wounds, and th.n drifted down the harbor. The Aquarium Grounds and baths were offered for sale to-day, by order of the mortagees, and passed in at £800. Heavy rains have fallen all over the colony. The Government Astronomer statts that there is no fear of heavy floods. When the debate was resumed some of the Oppositionists were disposed to press for a declaration of the Govern ment's intentions regarding' the proce dure to follow the conference of Premiers concerning federation. One anticipated complication is the effect that miay arise if the two Chambers do not take the same-view of the resolutions. It has been foreshadowed that the Premiers' Conference will be succeeded by a Con vention on tile basis of the Con ventionof 1891. Mr Byrnes will probably attend the Premiers' Conference on be half of Queensland. In any case, the results are certain to go to another referendum. The next referendum in New South Wales will be a clear vote for or against the Bill without statutory limitation. The Premier has already announced himself favorable to this. Should this Convention take place there is every likelihood that it will be held in Brisbane. In the Bankruptcy Court to-day Cuthbert Cliftoh Ras further examined. He said that when in West Australia he speculated in shares. He was at first successful, but afterwards lost about £1500 duoing ten mouths he was there. His brother had an income of £60,000 a year, and was heir to that fortune. Witness never wanted money before coming to Australia, as,he was supplied with about £8000 year by his mother and brother. When he left England he intended to take up station life. His mother bought a station in the back blocks of Queensland. She did not know it was so far from civilieation. When debts were incurred in Sydney he expected an allowance which would more than cover them. Since then he had received a portion of his allowance. The .examination was concluded. SYbNEB, September 2. An inquest was held to-day on Henry Hodge Lamb, an officer in the Imperial Army, who died from a revolver wound. A verdict of suicide was returned.- He was a lieutenant in the 5th Dragoon Guards now in India, and was in Aus tralia on sick leave. A Tarrawingee telegram r.eports that the first instalment of. 10,000 .bales of wool from the surrounding stations has left for Broken Hill. The death took place to-day of Major L. T. D. Woods, of Boydtown, from apoplexy. He was well known at Eden, on the south coast, and possessed the celebrated Boyd estates at Twofold Bay. A volunteer named Richard- Cuiter was charged at Parramatta to-day *ith having fired a loaded rifle from a rail way carriage. The evidence showed that he was returning from drill, and was showing the working of the rifle to a lady triend. He fired the weapon twice while in the train by way of illus tration. He was fined £1 and costs, and a similar sum for using insulting lang'tage on the same occasion. At the Parramatta Police Court to day Wm. Thompson and John Sheridana were charged with having been in pos session of an illicit still. The evidence p?howed that Sheridan informed the police that a still was being erected, and offered to inform and show the spot for £50. The Customs got wind of the still, and an officer surprised Sheridan and Thompson. The magistrate was inclined to be lenient with Thompson, who had evidently been trapped by Sheridan. Sheridan was fined £800 or 12 tnontls' imprisonment, and Thomp son £100 or three months. The diseased meat question has been I.`-.: prominently before the public lately. The Government has had the question under serious consideration, and as a preliminary step the Premier has ap pointed an additional inspector to attend the Glebe Island abbatoirs, and all meat which has passed them will be branded. SYD?NE. September 4. A conference of the Ministers of Agri culture for New South Wales, Victoria and Queensland was held on Saturday to discuss the question of forming a greater safeguard against the spread of tick further south. A new quarantine line was agreed upon to run from where the present line strikes the township of Prairie, in Queersland, to Gtladstone on the coast. As an additional precaution there will be an inspection of the line along-the Queensland western railway from Toowoomba to Charlesville, and thence to the South Australian boundary to bs erected by New South Wales on the border. Mr Cook, the New South Wales Minister, is strongly of opinion that the true safeguard against tick is inoculation. - Another story of a ship's crew being massacred has been brought to Sydney by the steamer Moresby from New Guinea. It reports that about a month ago the cutter Sea Ghost was despatched on a trading cruise in the Solomon Group, under the command of Captain ColthQrn. Near the Island Vusa, near Bogamville, the natives clambered aboard in large numbers.' The captain was butchered, and four of the crew after a desperate fight were overcome, and the other two who were taken prisoners escaped. The Sea Ghost was run ashore and.looted and destroyed. The remains of the. murdered men were taken to the village and a cannibalistic feast held. The German warship Falka will pro ceed to the idland and punish the natives. The committee of the Newcastle col liery proprietors and the miners' repre sentatives have prepared a general agreement for the Newcastle district. The agreement offers a hewing rate of 3s 2d per ton when the selling price is 8s per ton, with 4d per ton in addition for each increase of Is to the selling price. The minimum selling price is fixed at 7s per. ton. The depth of-the standard seam is fixed at 4ft 6in. The miners are dissatisfied,with the agree ment. BROKENN HILL, September 2. Robert Murdock was to-day com mitted for trial for stealing a bicycl from Randell, cycle agent. BROKEN HILL, September 4. Mr Deprate, the new assistant general manager of the Proprietary, is expected to arrive here from England next week. 