The Light that Casts no Shadow ? ? ? Cumous stories aro told about the powers pos^erfsed by certain natives of India, who livo up among the Himalaya mountains. Thesci old men, it is said, have (Jevot d scopes of yours to the study of natural laws and forces, which tho rest of the world knows nothing about. 'Lately a German professor visit' d the 'adepts,' as Iheae queer Hindus me called, for the purpose of tindirgout tlio fec.rot o£ their remarkable performances. They treated him rather ecm vily, bnt interested him all tho snme. One day the professor wanted to examine Bomeamient bansknt. manueuripts. An aelo,it wont with him to a cave who; ein tlie uooka were kept. The place was dark ns the bottom ot a we 1. '? I.oan't see to rend, here,' said the visitor. ' Then we will huvo some light,' whs the reply, and amnieuia;o.ly (thn professor say*) a suft, yearly light brightone I tho cave. Ho 'colild not i ell whence it came, but ho noticed that it had one strange quality — it cast not the slightest shadoio. . This is a' story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed; by a mon of vast learning and high character, and jou who nuw read it have no retiso'n for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast Bbadows, Jieliof or unbelief commonly 'runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson .sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthqutke, yet Ci edited the. tale of the del: Lane ghost. A man who liiis been ill for years, and failed to Hnd a cur«, u scep'icul when fiieuds tell him of a medicine whxh thoy believe will make him well. What olse but d'ubt could result from his expoiicnce? Tuku un examp!e: ' In the spring of 1888,' writes our eonej nondeut, ' 1 fell into a low, uoak, and lan guid state, I fele low-spirited and out of soils. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain nnd weight at my cho.st. I wus much troubled with wind, and frequently 'spat up a sour fluid, also bitter tile. Later on I . suffered from nervoujuesi and great depression of spiiits. I' kept up with my work, but hail always a sense of discomfort. Off aud on 1 coutitiu d in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving mo. Atlatl heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and.procured asnppiy. After I ha ? taken only a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually .nil nervousness left mo. All hough I had no renson at first to feel any confidence in thin medicine, never having used h or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its pnwer over disense. Bpnce my iouovery, for which I thank Mother Soigel'sCurativu tiyrup, Iluvi; been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of sulierinjj humanity 1 deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) I). nrifli'ho tn-lnr .niri nnllilto' 1AI . Mnub Inv H Ml ISirraingham, JuneSlh, 18U3.' There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griflith's candid lettemud tlie story uboul. t!ie light that cast no shadow. . The latter may bo true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is woi tli. On the othur hand wo have a trustworthy witness, who will answer Jotters of inquiry, and can be found at hiaaddro:8. Finally, there is nothing myatic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curatire Syrup. It acts on the theory that most nilmontu are but symptoms', forms, or phase* of that universal diseaso-rindigest'on and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and lmppi nesB over hearths and homes whoro illness and pain had cast stK'h dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. ??KEATING'S POWDER' destroys BUGS FLEAS, MOTHS, BKEj,LES, and all other insects, whilst qui'o hrmless to domestic, animals. In exterminnting Beetles the suc cess of this powder is extraordinary. It i* poifectly clean in application. S-e that article you purchase is 'KBATING'S,' af imitations are noxious and ineffectual. Sold n Tins, 6d. Is and 2s.a 6d. each, by all ohemistb 