EKGLAM) AWAKENING. i Through all the clamour of arms, and preparation for the war that may be, some voices in England are heard speaking of the changes which must be. Foremost amongst these, though by n<j means loudest, is Mr. Andrew Carnegie, and his voice comes to us through the latest number of the ''Nineteenth Century." He talks, and free of rancour as of adulation, of the Manchester school of reformers, of the good work they ' wrought, and 'the mission they completed. Ho proceeds then to Bpeak of new conditions necessitating new work, and of the oppor tunity and obiigatlon which meet pioneer minds of the time "to form a new school; organise a new mission, and accomplish . a new work. The Manchester school, rei terates Mr. Carnegie, started under condi tions existing and felt in its time, and de vised means which may have been the best to meet and satisfy those conditions, it found England a nation with all its future depending on manufacture and consequent trade. The foundations of England were coal, iron and limestone; the genius, of EnE- land was towards handicraft \vork at home and exploitation of ' all accessible territory abroad. The meagreness of the land rendered the increasing population dependent on fo reign sources both for food supply and raw materials for factories. In other coun tries and other continents these conditions were reversed. America produced cotton and required calico; Russia wheat, .which .she was glad to exchange for all classes of manufactured goods; the East would supply sugar and tea and all tropical products; Australia and South Afriqawool; while the western nations of Europe were eager pur chasers in many ways, and evinced no disposi tion to compete in articles which England re garded as her specialties. "It is an .evident law of nature," said the most eloquent of them, that zone should feed zone, and cli mate climate, that each nation should excel in its own specialty; and that under the beneficent influence of unrestricted trade each should confine Itself more and more to that which it could produce best and cheapest; and all those becoming interdependent the bonds of peace should be universally knit, and everlastingly abide."' But nature makes her own laws, and is apt to. make false prophets of the wisest of men. who seek from observa tions in the present, and within the' narrow sphere of their own vision, to forecast Jhe future. And thus, says Mr. , Carnegie, has it been with the Manchester school. The bonds of peace, we know, have been very frequently broken, and are regarded, now as in such a very precarious condition that the order is stand by throughout the world. The nations moreover have changed their ways, just as do individuals in any pro- gressive community. The work of producing raw material is shunted wherever practicable, and from Kaffir land to farthest Scandinavia every rising people is evincing a growing dis position to manufacture and to trade. Right' on to the threshold of England, and to the gate of every land, England has developed or opened to trade, come her cus tomers of old, but as customers no longer. They desire to sell now, not to buy, or to take the crystallsed results of successful labour away In good coined gold, Instead of, as heretofore, bartering their bales or cargoes of bulk for the parcels of finished articles, whereby the gold is won. England's isolation is broken through and through. England's honourably won monopolies are contested the world over, and the master need of the present is to find markets for manufactured goods, which accumulate day by day. How, then, shall the old school, the old teaching, the old creed, the old gods, avail us? The inexorable processes of time have knocked the very foundations of their being away, and the truth Which appears to all the warders in all the watch towers of the world- Is that they "can neither save nor effectively serve us more. There : are two things desired of every great civilised nation now. First, the profitable employment of all her own people; second, the winning of wealth,' by. sale of the> surplus articles they produce;' and the school of : present salvation will be that which brings the iBritish Empire into the way of satisfying these desires. Under the free- trade flag she seeKs satisfaction now, pushing trade des perately in every quarter of the globe, and standing armed at all points to defend that trade, at a cost whicli would be crippling to' any other Power. Day by day there is glory in.her achievements, and yet the most prophe tic minds of the time foresee in that sphere an inevitable contraction, and the most prac tical and patriotic' amongst them look about already for another way. Fate has not de- nied it to us. Good fortune and the adaptlve- ness of inherited piratical instinct, modified to suit every change of circumstances, have enabled us to lay hold on enough of the earth's surface to /make and to main tain . an empire self-supporting, self- reliant and prosperous beyond all the experiences of the world. We ban do all the trade that is necessary .Within our ..own bounds, and in the scientific development, the judicious control, the skilful handling of that trade there is scope for the highest efforts of the "most ambitious minds. Demand, Indeed, is made for such capacity as the Manchester school displayed at the time circumstances called it into existence, but which, unfortunately, now does not ap pear. That sovereign capacity of leadership . and organisation is hardly likely to appear until a majority .of the ris ing and master minds of England , escape from the. thraldom to which they are bound by the fitters of a dead faith. We see the ablest and the noblest amongst them recognising the thraldom, and casting hope- ful glances down the broad way of escape and advance which, is unmistakeably open. But ever as they make a tentative move ment some medicine man of the old faith boosts up a bogie of Cobden or Bright, and most incontinently they retire again, scared and checked. Universal thanks are d.ue to such men as Mr. Carnegie, who lay these ghosts with the exorcism of unanswerable logic, who declare for the present, and pro claim Its needs In outspoken style; for it is their teaching and preaching alone, which can clear the way in which the captains of the future must march. ' It is no easy way, right over the portal is the proclamation that the old dream of universal peace and good will through the blessed influences of trade is dead. . And above that stands the motto, splendidly conceived, and expressed by the father of the mad Emperor, that nationali ties necessitate frontiers, and frontiers must be kept. Kept against invasion of every sort, kept for the people within the gates, and against all comers. No trivial task this; he who essays it with any prospect of success must be prepared for dissension and contest within as assall- ment from without. Colonies will fight fiercely, each for its own hand, and all the crabbed conservatism of the mother land will resent measures dictated by a just sense of proportion. But if a statesman arises, grasping the Imperial idea In all its fulness, and gauging aright the. inevitable develop ments of the congeries of powers the mother land has planted throughout the world, it is ordained to him to establish a new school, such a new creed, which, though no claim to immortality may be made, will endure until changes which may not now be even dimly foreseen, make it compulsory for that order also 'to pass. 