the three disgraces. )y John McCarty, D-tr«H 1'nr t'mr. Chrichtou Emlay was some few years ago a voting and promising wnter 'of novels and eho't stories, whose path <if fiction led him mostly into .(he tangled ; alleys and amid 'the dcally nightshade bowers of tbe-sensational romance. He wis fairly successful in his work — be bad hopes of greater success — he enjoyed bis c-aft, and he liked life generally! and he looked an the social world as a vast and inexhaustible reservoir of miterials for short story etndyof character and exciting incident < and for the more prolonged emotion- jof the three-volume nove1. Bot be had ae yet bad no experience of bis own , in anything romantic. He bad only once been really in "love and this' 'love affair waa of the most, onproinisiiig mtore possible, even for a romancist The girl be loved . was a young Russian woman of great rank whom be had met" during a season's visit to St. Petersburg and Moscow. It was the Brat and only visit be had paid Russia, and be bad gone there in quest of materials for a novel abont Nihilist and dynamite and all that sort of thing. After he bad arrived there and studied S. Petersburg and Moscow, ho did not seem to see his way to any st'iry of the kind. No dynamite crashed anywhere along bis quirt road. He enjoyed himself mncb, however ; he bad good letters of introduction and was well received in Bociety, and there be met the daughter of P.ince Vassili and strsighway fell in love with her. The father of the princess was a great noble, who was understood to have ad-_ vsnced views in politic, aid was therefore looked upon with a l<ttle disfavour in cour', bnt whose rank, wealth and social position made him a brilliant figure in. the -life of Moscow, lie bad two daughters, both beautiful, graceful and clever, and it was with the elder of the two that Emiay feliin lov. But Emlay never told her of his love — never had a chance of making eucb an avowal, and wonld nt t have made even if he bad bad the chance. What could a straggling London novelist have to do with the elder daughter of the grcit Princo Vassili ? The p-incpss smiled on him, was kind to him, and seemed to like bim, bntCricLton Em 'ay kopt bis love to himself, and.be finished bis holiday, and came back' to London, and made studies of the Prineis Marie, under varioui forms of fiction, principally in abort story, _ and was Badly convinced that they were very poor attempts indeed at ' portraiture, although he gut much praise from many papers for' his charming and de lightful heroines. The | rinceaa was becoming only a shadow to bim, but yet she was a shadow which stood ghost-like at (lie gateway of bis bra t, and, as ghosts have oftm done, ire-' vented any other form from paat-iog in. Suddenly there cime news to London, which interested the public slightly, hut which absorbed the atteuti n of Crichton Emlay. The Prince Vaesili bad fallen into terrible disgrace. Ha had been said to be connected with some revolutionary pint. 11: waa travelling abroad with bis wife and two daughters when the plot — if there was a plot — was discovered. He bad not ventured to return to Russia and stand Ills trial, and nobody, it appeared, knew where he was. He had been heard of last at New Orleans, and an application was actua'ly made by Rus sia to the United States for bis extra- ditiou. But there were two difficulties in tho way — Grst the, Russian government was not able to say where be was t i be found, and, next, the government of the United States would never enteitain the idea of giving him np unless i could be proved that his plo', what ever it might be, iovolved murder as well as politics. So the demand was dropped, and the whole subject soon faded out of public memory, so far, at least, as England and tbo United St « tea were concerned. "It was remembered very keenly in R-ifsia Crichton Eol«y was living in a pic turesque and somewhat esthetic suburb of London, on the farther .edge of Chelsea. The booses we're nil of the' intense Queen Anne order, and the red b;ick and the white-edged . wiudows gave the place a decided sump of sclf- conecious superiority. A good many ait'8's and authors lived there. They were rising men as yet, they were not rieen men. Risen men would have taken themsi Ives off to some distinctly fashionable quarter. There were some rising doctors ther.y i too, and some rich city men, who .'liked ; to be regarded as persons with a taste for the picturesque and the artistic, V Crichton lived in a little flat ' in . Tenoyson Terrace, and just oppodte him were the Robert BrownlngJH'rJr-1: dens. In the Robert BrowningGarderuy had stood .for. a long time aiiaocj copied house1 with a' sort" -of basje. breastplate oc it, and an Inscription : thereon in .letters of white paint 'on a'; background, proclaiming that the bouse was to be let or cold, concluding with a reference to certain agents who. were; willing to take charge of the letting '(or tho sale. 'Every tnomiog as he: way' dressing and :glsnced scroiB the road E nlay observed tbe announccmen and began wondering who had 'lived thery end why they bad goi» aivay,and who would fill their 'vacant places, and whether ft would ' ewsrjbe jaoy .concern of his if tbo bouse wera-soon-sgiin occupied or remained a wling wjlder- ness for ever. ing he arose and looked iMt -bf hi" window, ando|ilp|;HiliE>: and it vulwriie:iiijmiliU: a newcomer Crichton terest in the 'movement. t'.'jtf ewonnd himself asking %t qucttion, ' Vrill ft .-tujxf matter of any peraal nKra ln ae And the aiutmrtme'piwpdyjt'; persona! How could it? me who ebm'ca houses arohQalmeyrttffltoMaB this ja|fiii1ar|lBMM next to know. ; lb #art,' '4. But this time, eomehoir w \+ i r - t i 1 — strangely curious, inquisitive and in terested. Other things, howrv. r, nc- enpied bis at'ention, and he fcrgot all abont -the ' expected occupants - of ; Uie bouBQ over the way. Some days pssaed, and he had not aeen or beard anything of his new neighbours. He did riot even know whether the new neigh bours had taken np their abode io the liouse just opposite to bim. Emlay was accustomed to have an early ride in the park of a morning. It was one of - his lnxurira, and be conid nnt do without it. He often met in the park a near neighbour of bis, the sturdy Oes. Drink water, who lived in Ttnnyspn £ertpc'\ >fOne particular morning Gn. Drinkwaler and be found tbemsvlvea riding side by side. 1 1 say, Euilay,' the gallant General said, ' do look at your opposite neigh bours.' ' What neighbours ! And where 1' Crichton answered, somewhat puzzled. 'Those three women — don't you see— tb< re on the walk, juat coming towards ns." 'I see three odd-looking women, but how are they neighbours of mine 1 They are certiioly very odd-looking.' 1 D n't you know anything about them P ' N'»ry thing.' ' Wei1, you won't be long in that blessed state of ignorance. Why, man, they have taken the hnnse right oppo site to you — in Robert Browning Grr- den«. I saw them the very first day tbey came into the bouse, and I never saw snrt> ridia-louking creatures in my life. - ... ' Yon seem to be. always on the look out fur beauties, general,' Crichton said, with a smile. « Well, I suppose boys will be bnys.' The good old general grinned. He like to be chaff-d in that s irt of way. 'Didu't come in for much beauty th-re,' he said. The "womrn did certainly look very odd, and m ire t an odd Two were tall and one short. The tall were girls, the shoit sat an elderly woman. The girls wore huge bats, with whole flower beds disposed on thr-tn. Their dress; s were garish, with ril>bo-<s of various gaudy colonrs. Their skins trailed on the ground at one s'dp, and were surprisingly t' e'red up at tbe other. The lucked -up side made an astouisbiog display of red silk stocking and yellow shoe with shiny buckle. Tne till girls bad viils drawn closely over i ho upper pa<t of the face and ho lu vt r part of the fice was untuutakatily painted — daubed rather. Tbe lips were like some kind of cherry pasic. Tbe chins bad a touch of wfai e pigment. The ry< s, s i far as could be seen, shone deeply under dye of eome bind. Tbe two girls appeared to have superb figur s, so far »i au.-h a dresi c -uld allow tbe figure lo be aerm, and -yol Ita-ir movements were curiously awkward and ungainly. Sometimes they waddled and so netimes they minced and norae- ttmee tbey strode. Toe si irtu a-id older woman had In r veil op and her eyes beamed through spectacles When Emlay siw then nw, f ir the first time, an odd idea occurred to him 'h y certainly can't be ral<-d the Three G acos,' be said ti hims IF. ' Perhaps uus might c-H them tile Three Diegracre.' They were curiously on his mind as be rode bone, ml lie set himself t > study tbem. Nobody ever memed to visit tlnir curit Ul household. An terly lady, pre-nmably the mother of the g:r s and presumably, too, _thc wouian he saw on the' -park,- was "Often apen at an open .window reading or kui ling. An eldetly man left filie' ' bouse every nurniug punctually at nine, and returned every evening punctually at»ix. Tbis was no doubt the fa her of tie giiR Gsn. Drinkwaler told Crichton that be I ad j heard the .father was a rich old Jew doing business somewhere in the region pf Petticoat Line, but the locality seemed to be rather a surmiie of the gallant general'', and to have qome op from his soddeu dielike of the new .residents. Gen. Diiukwater waa not by any. meauB 4 slope in ; his dislikp. M.'sfc of lie 'heighbonrs grd mbled attbe sight of lbs three women. C i ;htnp saw them very often-; passed and repassed them on the .Chelsea em bankment. f/rhey were always) a'ro'ling .there., . Toey aever seemed to know i anyone. People stared at tfarm. turned j round auffltwWd ahritbeip! did -riot -seem to mind-ii theleast.' One day 'Crichton paraed qnite near tliem, and the talltr cf the two girls sent . a sudden fla-h put of her eyes— Crichton cuuld just see the light of her eyes through (he- Veil —lis if-'ehe ketbgnid him. Then the light bf the eyes shrank back into the shelter of the Veil ,ag»in, and Crichton' assumea "hat" he must have bsen mistrken' -wheb he 'thought the giil hid looked at; him with. any meaning in her expr.ssion . ' < Tiiey eprely are not English igirle,' hp thought, and yet heScon'd hear aa he 'passed Uiiit th.were-chi'tteriog ;Eog- liah to bach t-ther. :> Ppliah Jisweases,4 lie eridto Wmt1jb"®c5iJewB and J ii»iwM'|.'i»al«ra'<'|oJ talk "any language like nativee.' i ' He begafi |td j»4uder# h»her the snaierials ofiaatory could hemiade out of thein ;>u<$ /fya qnickeued hta piorhid interest, them, utterly ;ns»y;i As for lnatanCe— t« at tf' dOEi> dole to get 'KiTrif' ih'em? -MSst we ; .Tbe aueationinvdaiv wae the voung wife, the leading ergan)njAri |wdJEdie puigh Jbold if CCTU>n:whatai » m-ighbours MoMJEbit4 part - dT Mrs. St Bosworlb, the pre'ty, bright- eyed wife of the cl U'cb digritary, war very careful about tbe reputation of tbe whole place. ' My dear Mrs. St. B >swi rth, Crichton explained, not without a rmii., I am afraid 1 can't trll yuu anything about them ; I don't know «ho ili-y are or where they com from ' ' But you have seen them — now come, you mnst have seen them.' 'Ob, yes, I have seen them mure than once.' ' Well, aod what do you think of them f I want to know.' 'They are very odd, certainly, and curinnsly made op and printed, 1 suppos'-.' 'Painted 1 Yes, and glazed, I should think. The paint seems put ou widi .a sweeping brush. Have you m-ticed their petticoats V ' Yes,' Crichton answered, with due gravity, '1 couldn't help noticing their petticoats.' ' Well, and what do y m make of tbem V ' Of the pctticoa's I' 'Nonsense; no, of the women.' ' J don't know ; I really didn't make ; anything of them.' ' Well, I have had tbem watched,' Mrs St. Boiwortb said triumphantly. ' You have had them watched 1' j ' Certainly I have. Do you think I j intend (o allow tbis neighborhood to be disgraced by these frights I D y< u I know that I call tbem the Tree Frights )' v ' I was ioclined,' said Chricbton ! earn s ly, not kuowiog wbttlnr tbe I earnest l.ttle old lady would see till I .point of the joke, ' to ca'l them tbe Thiee D sgraces.' ' Three Disgraces ? Yes — well, how is that f Oh, yee, T see — of course I fee — the Tlirie Gaces — :he Three Disgracjs. Very good. I am quite willing to adopt. 1 think ii is much belt-r than my Frights Yep, I have had them watched. I frit it was my dnty ' ' Not n ally! And what have you fou -d out V ' Mrs. St. Bosao til shook her head in a disappointed way. ' To te.i the truth, I have not been able t find out anything against them ; no, n t a word.' She Repined like one wronged by fate. ' No ? Bit you must be very glad of that.' ' Yes. of course one rau t be. My hu-band is very glad, but be is naturally a much b-tt r Ciristiin than 1. Oh, ym>, be i« quiti glad ; but am afraid I ®n only thinking whether we couldn't get them cut of thir neighborhood. You see we really are very select here, and there are luts of places where th<se Three Frigh's— oh, I mean these Three Disgraces — wou'd not be minded at all. 1 think it's ra'ber hard ou u->, don't you 1' - Then some otbe- people joined in the con vers ition and Crichton Kmlay easily- contrived to escape. - But he began to find himself curiously iotcrest-d in the Three Disgraces. He could not keep tbem out of fats mind. He was impressed in an nncmny sort of way. Even the talk of Mrs. St Boswortb, as harmlessly frotbyandriarrowly ingenuous as it was, impressed liim morn and more with tbis strange s -use of perpl.xity in a problem which bad no call on him for eolation and with a business which was absolut-ly nn concern of hta Who on earth were theae Three Disgraces! And i io any rase what did it matter to him who they were ! So he was thinking as he walked slowly a'ong tbo Chelsea Embankment on his homeward way. it distressed bim that he should have to waste any uf his thoughts ou these absurd ungainly women, and yet it seemed to be fated that he most feel an iuterest in them. ' C.n it be,' he asked himself as he walked home that . night, 'that I am blessed by fortune with tbe chance of making a sensational story out of them f ' Full of that hope he trod the Chelsea Embankment. The night wns- warm and soft in early summer, one of those rare delicious nights which make ns un willing lo understand what the earlier, writers iu prose and poetry meant when (hey pictured charms of an English Jaw-. jl Emlay wore a light gray coat over his dress suit, and hs remembered with a carinas flash of recollection that 'he had worn the same light gray coat one warm evening when he was returning from a dinner party in Moscow, where be had met and talked with the Princess Marie, and when he fiist began ti realise that be had fallen in love wit) ber. How far jftay it seemed, that time — and yet the light gray coat was not old. There was not anything like an iuterval wbicli could have allowed the Pincess Mario to change in appear ance, to lose any of her charms. He was thinking of this when he fonnd rhimself almost unconsciously, under the .window of the house which was occupied' by tte Three Disgraces ! " v Th re «he" lighta' in The - drawing- room windows,' lights somewhat softened and puppr -esed. The wiodove of the drawiug-rrom were partly open. The rest of, .the hp|isorwas in darknes". There was singing heard' in the drawing-roum. bul fie tone of the sin.- in.'i like tbe tins uf the light was somewhat subdued. Still Crick ton Emlay, who bid p i-iiiv.ly stopped to listen, before crossing the street to his jawn bomp, c mid .distinctly .make out that it : was the singing of uiDsic-hall muuEtrelsy belonging to Litidou aud, Paris. The songs wcre now in Englidh and now in French. . . : «Th.S9 Polish Jewessps/.he thought to hims .If, ,'that ia the unly sirt nf Jhing they care about . and : he was on She move to cross the road and go home tu hia own den. ;' :The hnosn of tha Three DiBgracea had, like all the. other, ; houses in ' the terrace, is balcony- ; in ; front if - its;; diawing-roum windows.-: ' Ciicbton Bud- -denly 'hecime aware, job tbs illdpaiti jput 54 bf ' etanding w' :|ha'iilcoriyri;'.,nrimtn dqwnintoTiii'j the slrcet. the' women or the woman liked it or did nut like it, Crichton felt abashed a th- idea uf bring cangbt in a lirt-ning attitude. He drew himself into the shadow and waited for the woman to go bick into the bouse." Bat she, s'anding in the balcony, began to sing, or crron, in a low voice, a litil-i French eong which be knew only t>-o w-.-ll. It was a eo:ie whicli he had beard tbe Princess Marie sing, and had never heard song by anyone else. It was sung now in a voice exquisitely sweet, soft and plaintive, so low that there was 'nothing liv'd twix- it and Alienee.' And our poir friend (Jrlclit on star'el, as if from a cnmmnnpl ice and prosaic life he had suddenly found him self sat down in a land of blissful en chantment, and he said to his brating heart ' It is the Princess Marie P And he advanced iuvolantarily from the shadow, and with his movem-nt the figure disappeared from the balcony. For a moment he stood there and conld nnt move. "In another moment t be door of the house was opened, and a woman came gliding, not running, to wards bim. She spoke a few words in Rut8:an. Crichton bad picked up enough of Russian to know what she was spying ' At last, at last, yon have come !' I were her words. Then she drew close to him, and then shrank hack with a I look of disappointment and alarm. It I was tile elder of the two girl- Disgraces, there c»uld he no doobt about that. There iu the bright soft moonlight Crichton could res the face taddled with I rouge aod made ghastly white with l print. But he had heard the vo:ce and the song, aod he saw tbe eye, and he knew it was tbe Princess Marie ! 'Why have you come hire?' she asked him in a quivering low-toned voice, and yt t in a vo:C9 thrilling with emotion. ' Do you know me ?' Crichton asked in a tone as low as her own. ' Yes, "I know you ; of course I know, you ! But it ie nnt to the purpose whether I know you or not. Do yon know me?' ' Yes, I know you. I know you by your voice. You are the Princess Mari'. ' Hush ! hush I for heaven's sake — no names here ! Why do yuo come here? You do not come to watch us — to spy on us 1' ' Ob !' he positively started with horror and resentment at tbis crnel stab.- Tha girl's voice softened. ' No,' sb« said, ' you brave Eaglislt gentlemen do not act the part of spips And Inside-, I knew y , u, and I liked you — we all liked you— my father and a'l. I vat waiting fur my f»ther here to-night. I sang that little song as a signal tbat In: might come, for I thought tbat your figure was his. Nuw I know he will oot come t i-night. So go away — do nnt stay another moment — do not- ask me aoy questions, but go away. _ ,_.T_ .... ' Am I" never 1 1 know ? I might be able to serve ydo.' 'Suite tim-, perhaps, but not now. G tod night.' She almost pushed him from her. He gave one last look into her face — that painted, desecrated face, that be wildering maaqueradr, for he coold nut doubt that it was a planned and pur posed masquerade, and plannel for a good purpose. He left her without glancing back, and' harried to his bom®, There was one comfort — the street was absolutely deseited. Even already the lights were out in tbe drawing mom of the Three Disgraces, and all tbe other wiudows that-fae could see on either side of the street, save for some few bedroom windows, were quite io darkness. He was convinced that neither Tennjscn Terrace nor Robert Browning Gtrdens could have seen anything pf his sudden meeting with the Priucess Marie. He sat up late tliat night, and smnked many pipes, and racked bis fcrri. s vainly in attempts to guess at seme explanation of this marvellous mystery. His sleep ing night was a night of ' phantom hannted and bewildering dreams — abont rescues, by him, of the Princess Marie. Next morning he received a short and simple let'er, written in the hand apparently of a housemaid, and containing the .words : C»« you bt in Battersea park tc-day at 12 — near the pond ? If so, I m»y see you." It was signed 'Mary.' Cricbtm bad not allowed the sligl tst doubt as to th'e identity of tbe writer, and he tank goad cue to be in Bi't'rs-s park noon at that. day, and m-t faraway from tbe pond. He saw nursery maids go by with perambula tors, and he saw romping little girls and boys, and elderly women with baskets, but he did not 6ro any of the Toree: Disgraces : he did not eee the. Princess Marie. He was. growing disappointed, per plexed and angry. Then thtrs came -alitng one «f the pathways near to him a young woman looking like an over worked guvi rtnss. in a cotton frock and a shabby shawl. She was reading a bank as she tramped along. He saw ibat she was reading through green ep<ctacl< s All his life long Crichton ba-1 J-tebted green spectacles when worn by women. Butas the girl pissed she lifed the green spectacles for a mo ment, and he saw the bright eyes of the Princess Marie 1 'G-iod morning. Mr Emlay,' ehe said, in words that had only the faintest trace of a foreign accent In tem, ' I see that I must make myself known since yon did not recoguisc me' ' « I knew your eyes,' he stammered. 'Not through theepectacles ; oh, no, I m'gbt have passed quite unknown to you if I had not . lifted the spectacles. Well, wilt you walk with me for a little ? Theladywho employs me is sot likely, lo be anywhere about to-day, and she' Will - never suspect that her nursery: governeBsis walking wifh a young man. . '..Are yoii really ytfeiying the part bf a pumeryigpverneBS, ,£ooY he asked, In niter amazement.. . ' tfptls one of my parts. '' But t am nn ' ajj,iiur8eiy-.governes9 : who vesonist:%b'2bqrn: dtS'hf .-the areek,'nndtbisis .one. -nf '.any days, |andr-ferihuitlA':-..Djon_.'witrit ; |ne€ and I want to tell yon, since yon have found us out, why we are playing these rxtraodinary pranks. How you found us out I have nnt the least idea ; but it is only too pertain tbat if a friend cuuld find nt oat an enemy wbnld be etill more likely to gtt at ub through any difguis-.' ' I did not fiod you out,' be >timmered ; 'it was all tbe merest matter of chance.' 'Did yon think us very hdtrible! You know I saw you often and often as ynu passed ns on tbe Embankment. Wo were all greatly amused at meeting yon., 'Then you recognised me J' Recognised yon t Of course we did. Why ehould we not know you on the Chelsea Embankment as well as in Petersburgh or Moscow? Yoo were not disguised. We were.' . ' Yoo were, indeed,' he said em phatically. ' I never should have known any of you — no, not even y<>G,' he added, with a certain deeper lone in his voice, as he glanced at her and her green spectacles. - 'Well,' she said, hastily, and yet gravely, ' we bad ti be disguished. Our one great object was to avert suspicion as to my fathrr's whereabouts. He could be safe nowhere bnt in London, and he conld not be safe even in London if we did nnt take some means to prevent anybody from guessing who we were. So we thought it all on', and we decided tbat our best plan would be to make ourselves conspicuous and ridiculous. Any woman wonld be willing to hide -io obscarity for their fathers' sake — not many women, we thought, not many women who bad lived in society and in fashion, would be supposed likely to make public and ridiculous exhibitions of themselves for any purpose. Obscarity would never have sheltered us ; to be pubclicly ridiculous was our only safeguard.' She turned to him with panting breath. ' Your idea was that tbe brilliant and fashionable Princesses Vaesdi woild never be euppoaed by anyone to have turned themselves into the frights of a London suburb ?' 'Yes,' she said, with a c-rtain hesitancy, ' that was our idea, aod so far it has brcn successful. But your discovery frightened us ; not abnut yuu — oh, no, not about you — but about others — about enemies keener-sighted, yes, far keener-sighted than yon. We had to choose between the risk of timid obscurity and the risk of Sanotiog ostentation. We thought it all out, and we made our choice. Su far, as I have told you, it succeded. But now that you have recognised ns, we begin to be afraid.' ' Yes, but of what are you afraid ? Do you really believe tbe Eiglish government would con ent to hand over your father to bis political enemies in Russia f 'Oh,- no, we don't sappose anything of the kind. Yon don't qoitc understand our fearB. What we do fear is tbat unauthorized and officious service may be rendered here to the Russian government ; there might be a secret capture — a kidnaping — ob, yes,' and ber cheeks turned deathlike pale, 'even an assassination, which some of tbe b ss uuders trappers of tbe Russian police might believe would be welcome to the czir aod the Russian Government. Ob, my friend, I can tell you that such things are not uncommon in the dismal story of our political movements in Russia. What is my father ? Why, be is only what yon here would call an advanced performer, a man who thinks bnt of the welfare of his country and of his people and of every good government,' Her eyes kindled aod Bashed. 'I am proud of my father !' she said in a triumphant tone, and she sent a side long defiant glance at Crichton. 'You have good right to be proud of him.' Crichton said fervently ; and he had not the slightest doubt of the troth uf whit he was saying. He did not know tnuch about the movements in which Prince VasBsili was engaged, bat he knew that he was talking to Prince Vassili's daughter, and he kuew that he was in love with her, and that waa enough for bim. Cau I help yoo in any way — any way whatever ?' he asked. 'I will do anything — run any risk ' Oh, no,' ahe answered, gently. 'There is n i risk that you cduld ran— or any Englishman. You cannot, help a-, you can only give qs your sym pathy.' 'Oh, for that," he exclaimed, 'you have all my sympathy, aud much more than my sympathy — and yon must have known it long eg t.' 'Dear friend, is this a time for .talk ing of things like that t N«, f admit it ; it is -not the time. But -may not tho tame come f he asked with passion in his .voice. ..." He had crossed the border and he was glad of it. He bad -forgotten hie own competitively obscure position, and bad ventured to make love to ' tbe Princess Marie. - For the time be' did not re member that the Princess Marie was an obscure gxiJe . in London, watching over the lite of her itnpeiiljed fa'her. You are a strange young man,' tbe Princess quietly said ; 'most prople seek their friends when their friends are in prosperity. You wait to proclaim your friendship until the ..friends are in ob scurity, end in danger and in disgrace.' 'Then the time may come T -'If we get over this, the. time may corns- Now, good-bye. It .-is not prop;! that a n arsery governesa i n green spectacles ehould be jseen ...talking . ton. loogtoa . young-man In'Sattiersea park. 'One moment before ' go. Wh it la yourhopefor -your -father? He has the warm friendship of , the. czarevitch — -who is workioghea ven and earth for him— without succ8ss so far. v NowoodJryenu'1— ' -'May £ not see N' pot ior .the ptnieeat, -,1.- - - Good-bye jdotft forget ne/v 'Forget YOn?1 /-' papers aunonhqed that ihe Ptdrae. Vesafe oifl'iAVJBfjnHis xoonawice .01 . xiifl fCT?) and wonld after a -while return to tbeir estate at Moscow. The society papers soon after announced thtt the brilliant young novelist, Mr Crichtun Emlay, hid gone ro Russia ou a visit o tbe Prince Vassili Before long the society papers will have to make another announcement — tlie announcement of a marii'gebstw e 1 Mr Crichton Emlay, tbe bri1li>nt y ung novelist, aod the Princess Marie, daughter of Prince Vassili, of Peters burg aud Moscow. 