WIT AND H?UMOUR. \--~--o A "monster in human form " says that the only time a woman does ndt exag. gerate is when she is talking of her own age. "Does Miss flysee sing ?" asked a man of a friend who had just introduced him to a young lady. " Well, that's largely a matter of faith." "I don't understand you." " It depends altogether on which you believe-her mother or neighbours." A New York man, who had not been out of the city for years, fainted away in the pure air of the country. He was only resuscitated by putting a dead fish to his nose, when he slowly revived, exclaiming, "That's good-it smells like home I" In a provincial theatre, where " lac beth" was being recently played by a clever man, who was also a very great favourite with his audience, in the ban quet scene he had delivered his words to the ghost of Banquo, " Hence, hence, hence I" when he dropped on his knee, covering his face with his robe, and shuddering convulsively. Justas theap plause was over, a youth in the gallery, carried away with the intensity of the acting, cried out, "It's all right now, Smith, he's gone 1" Miss Blanche-" have you made any conquests this summer I" Miss Marian " Oh, yes, Mr Jones proposed the day before we came away." Miss Blancha -" Doesn't he pop the question in the mostaawkward manner imaginable ?" They meet now as strangers. When a celebrated miser died a few years ago, a surviving friend wrote for him this epitaph: Here lies one who for med'cines would not give A little gold, and so his life he lost: r fancy now he'd wish again to live, Couldhebut guess how much his funeral cost. " I see," said the man with the paper, " that there is a king in Africa who has been drunk for fifteen years." " That," said the cheerful idiot, " is what might be called a soaking reign." " What did Noah live on when the flood subsided and his provisions in the ark were exhausted?" asked a school teacher of her class. " I know," squeaked a little girl, after the others had given up. " Well, what ?" asked the teacher. " Dry land." " Flow is the bank doing at t!he Gulchl asked Broncho Peote. " Suspended," said Alkali Ike. "So? And the bankers ?" " Ditto." Mamma-" Ethel, what do you mear by shouting in that disgraceful fashion' See how' quiet Willie is." Ethel-".O course he's-quiet, that's our game; Hle's papa comring home late, and I'm you." 