He Was Haunted. Fischer's ghost lins been laid, to (he re ? {fret of (hose «lio have cherished bini as ü «?inter «lory for the fireside. He is in; longer believed to sit on to|i of a three railiHi fence as u clue to the discovery cf bis hones in a stagnant pool. Hut there is ! n niau in thc tildie, .Sydney, who wa> ' haunted liv u spectre which never left him it was witli liim as lie sat all day mending shoes, and in Hie dork and silent watches of tlie night it clung to bim, and he began f to look upon it ns a fearful patt of hiinsell until his time Would come to enter into tin spirit laud, lt was n grim und horrible experience, and nil his days and nights wore spent in trying to solve thc enigma ol its presence, and the way that he could lay it, as they hud laid Fischer's ghost. Th« worst of the matter was that it was in- visible to all but himself ; he was worse than haunted, it tortured him, for this specli-c loved lo give bim pain. At length tlie means were given to bim lo free himself of its hateful pivsonw, and he describes bin last (¡ghi with it to our representative who wailed ii|H>n him ul 8(i Illidge Road, (ile'oc. \- " 1'or (he past eight years.'' said Slr. Win, Hurke, shoemaker. " 1 have endured very lunch from constipation and piles : un 1 medicine seemed to do lue good. At night 1 1 could not sleep, and by day 1 wits loo ; drowsy to do my wolli. Nothing 1 took could free me of pain, until I tried Dr. ' .Moise's Indian Kout Pills, mid now 1 cati 1 say that they are thc best remedy 1 have iver known, ns tbev do not gripe or ' weaken, and yet do nfl that is said of them. 1 alii a heller mun to-day than I have been ; for wars. ll is a grund eure."' Ur. Mollie's Indian Hoot Pills cure such CUSPS. They ure n positive cure for liver ailment*;, sick' headache, biliousness, indigestion, I dyspepsia, constipation, foul breath, sallow ' complexions, ami a perfect blood purilier, 1 curing eczema, pimples, blotches, und all skin diseases. As .1 woman's best friend they stand alone. Sold ' by chemists mid storekeepers, price, ' ls. 3d. per bottle. Australasian ' llrmieh of tlie W. H. Comstock Co.. Lld.. iib Pitt-strccl. Sydney, New South Wales. ' Sold wholesale in l/iiecnshiiid bv Messrs. ' Klliotl Unis., Ltd.. Hrislmiic. Knell bottle luis the full name blown thereon, mid thc ! wrapper bears the signature of Wm. H. j Comstock. Avoid substitutes, and see that you gel thc genuine. 