Photographing the Invisible. We are still mystery-loving enough to be roused to a state of interest by any tangible manifestation of the invisible, especially Avhen it comes to us under scientific authority (remarks the Saturday liericw). A curiosity of this nature was awakened by Pr Russell's '• Experiments on the action of metals and other substances on a photographic plate," as the dry title has it ; and this curiosity has received an additional stimulus from the further researches which he expounded to the Royal Society in the Bakerian lecture in March. The title of the lecture might almost have been " the catching of invisible vapors, and the manufactureand photography of ghosts.' For although this advanced photography is quite a piece of latter-day science, yet there clings about these experiments with invisible vapors given from newspapers metals, pill-boxes, wood, and a thousand diverse subatanees, an air of mediaeval romance wafted from the days of Albertus Magnus. It is probably within the recollection of most of us that Dr. Russell discovered that an enormous variety of substances Avere capable of giving a permanent record of their surfaces on a photographic plate when they were placed in contact Avith it and left for some time in the dark. But there was no definite explanation of the cause of this. Why should a piece of Avood a hundred years old, or a newspaper cutting, or a polished sheet of zinc photograph itself in this Avay ? The reply is at last forthcoming—each of these substances gives off its own particular vapor, presumably in the form of a gas, and this vapor can act upon the silver salts in the sensitive plate in precisely the same manner as light itself. The manufacture of ghosts lends additional proof to the vapor theory. A sheet of polished zinc is cut into some shape, say that of a ghost (traditional form), and is placed in contact with a piece of Avhite cardboard for some time ; the zinc is then removed, and the cardboard tied up with a photographic plate. When the plate comes to be developed there appears a black ghost on a white background. Whilst the zinc and ardboard were together the zinc vapor as been entering the pores of the card, so that to all appearance as blank as efore there is, in reality, a ghost deicted it in zinc vapor, and this ghost an be made visible only by the photographic means described above. It is too early to arrive at any final conclusion about these things, but we shall almost certainly have to revolutionise our ideas about vapors in general. We are not at all used to think of nickel, zinc, and aluminium as each giving off the A-apor of its particular metal at ordinary temperatures ; still less can we at present realise the calm manner in which these emissions stalk through sheets of gelatine and celluloid as though there were nothing there. But the faots remain and constitute one of the most curious and interesting developments of science that has occurre 1 for a long time. In the Canadian Parliament the other day one of the members, speaking upon the question of '(migration to Klondyke, read aloud the menu which had been sent to him of a restaurant at Dawson. From this it appears that coffee or tea ruled 8s a cup ; pie, 3s a piece ; porridge, 7s a plate : soup, 4s a plate ; sandwiches, :>s each : steak, 12s : portion of canned fruit. 4s a plate ; whisky, 2s a glass ; complete table d'hote meil, half ounce of gold. This far surpasses Coolgardie in its most ex- pensive days. In a recent number o the New York Truth the colored cartoon of a sailor, with "The Maine" on his cap, bears the underline, " Lest we forget." same words were on the Nelson The tatue in Trafalgar-square last Trafalgar Day. The double appearance in connection with great national waves of feeling in London and New York is a tribute of which Mr Kipling, as poet or as patriot, has reason to be proud. He is, at any rate, says the Daily (Jhrouide dr facto the poet laureate, democratically chosen, of the Anglo-Saxon race. 