AUSTRALIAN LEGENDARY TALES. AH children, and 'Austi'aIIairelIldron- es pecially, will have rcasqinii Atij , deiighte(l: with the new and; origjuaMafry . tales which; Mrs.; Iarngloli . Parker. it3 f liBOorered. /in. . tier Inquiries among the ilwigIuafift "QM.iyjii- terestlnfe nlso to henr 'rotp-Ntlie lady's own. Hps how. she went !nhoiitvtllejasilf'o£-oot|cet- Ing .'these legends;' ; Ever since I .hayc.bceW'collcctlng. folk-lore I have endeavored to keep-, as: tunny; of tlio "colorcd people" about ine iis.l coiild, In var ious t capacities, even going; tile length tluit "Uncle Itenius b" creator : did, namely,- or "at.timos sacrificing digestion to! seullineiit," the practical result of which; htts'bcen tiint many ' Bcriips of folk-lore were' lUvcale'd ,to ine; of which, but . for-. this dniiy Intercourse, I should probably hover have heard. '.-'For' bq stance, a young llootlui bfouglit In the laiiip one. evening seeing- some big grey moths flUtferingwound it', she sUld, '.'No good, Cunic- bccgceboon ' : darnghealdah ; no : tomahawkB here,, you'll get buiiit for nothing''. Then I I'enrnt tVmt the spirits send these grey luotlis us soon', lis ilt Is ilurk-rto: the cainps to Btcnl tomahawks for tliem. _.The hag like hiiek of tlioir Uoiiles Is supposed to bo the comebee (bng).'; : Tlicy carry tliese lu1 If they get tlieni, but most often tiiey nre:diizzle'(l by 'the 'light of tbe fire; aiid: blindly llutter Into them, get ting Blnged ns tbuy do round. tbeJuuip.-i 'i AVblle walking through the hush after heavy rain, I came across' sonic yery. hrllllni'it fungi .growing on to dead tree's. ,1 picked off n piece, nnd on my ' return, going out - to speak. to some of the. blacks, I carried this fungus in my hand; -A- little black child seeing Us bright color cuniu' towards me/as -if- -to get It, but his. mother quickly Inter-, posed; saying lii . an alarmed ''toUe, '"Don't lot liiin toaolU it! It is 'way- way.'; Don't, let lilin touch it.":: Then she -told uio.-tluitaU- fungi' growing on trees were the bread .of ghosts, and If u child' touched' any he would he spirited nwny by the' ghosts,' ' ; Slip'' sulci these fungi were luminous abnlghti: so that the ghosts could' see. thfcni. : ": '' Walking through the tiiisli, ns I often do with some of the blacks, I hear many -Utile scraps.,- Quite lately, while going uloug the edge of one of the; plains;- we pjit - up some spur winged' plover, who ! went off .lihrshly Bcreeehliig. ' i-d'sked why! the, bird; lind Vhut' strange spur, Boeiinse,' lliey Ysald, : a long tlni'e ago a hlnckfellow culled Buhldurrali- durruh. ns the plovers: arc Ynow .culled,, had. ..nta,1 rnn iw>vm> rrnltlf' Jllll'Ond without poison tipped spears/ from 'which; even : a scratch was fatal. : AVlioii lie died .-.ho ' was turiieil Into n plover,"" anil 'his spcnrtl' still In the modified foriu of, the, spurs on, the wliigs. no brings these forward If lie wishes to Injure nnythlng, holding it between them with fatal results. _ ' . On similar occasions I'lonrut.tliat when the sun, us It sometimes does In -suuiiner, kooh down' like a ilery rod it J8,.11® ilectlon of wattle gum. on it; that niakes It so bright. After such u 'sunset,. If the), ;go out for gum/ they are certnbi to find quuutlT n<»a thov say. '-L'Uo gum they molt In water, ma king It uuo .1 lu.lf liquid Jelly, which they cat with a relish, nnd whlcli. tlios- snyr ,1ms great strengthening properties. dbat."1. 8" the moon looks very yellow risen 011 n winter s. evening. It Ib a sign or frost. "The Meainel have told Bahloo tl.ey will send frost to-ulglit. He Is - BOlaB-'t,<J keep himself warm; look ot his bright fire, , "wiientliey sec a tree that usually on the plains on the ridges, or i Re Atren, thor sav "There are two who ha\e mar ! .of wrongly that Coolabnh. must have run oxvn v fiom li frt trltiG with a Bllihll, and now tlio wlncenous or wizards, hnve turned thHfren cnme 'i'ulo contact wltli instances might die eoon, Innerah (tboy c8.11 A\\. as ss hope for lier she said; her totem clan, the maMefvi'i, wc,re' very str.ong. o.ut that wny, « S, ? v" Wa<-'d "'Ight Intercept hi . ho succeed. Iu rauslng her denth, as long as nay of her tribe were alive they wouIU'be Ut ohiiilty with his, "uild the tlon W0U go on f'-om. generatlon to;gonera- Another day nglri came- to borrow. a horse to go down the river to'.soc her sister, whoso baby, a message hnd' jiist come to tell her, wns dead. Slic- Avent/aiid on her return I naked --If the hnby, were burled. < -She told: mo> the wlrreenous had putiHts' breath -hack" Into1 it, and It was nllve' ngabi. 'On niyAlotibtliig tlmt It lmd been; really (dead -she. brought two or three witnesses .-to , corroborate her story, nnd they described Hum- the; two wlr reenous had catight-thc brcntli just, after It- left the body; put It Uackdtirough the? child's month, and, ilion'/ set'.'to '"work to siick ' -the' sickness out of the, bodyj, wltli the result1 that1 the liaby recovcfcd.", : -- it was in the'Hiinjmcr' of 1890 when the six weeks of ii,;;heh't''wuve caused' so many deaths In the Narran 'Elver district of New Suuth AValcs, .H;ohi;;he'dtl!aiiopl.exy,'i tlmt the blacks first saw-1 MiifiaUeyali, t lie ghost wltli the grecti hobndce,' about -there. The" next Summer I said ilnt/iluy to n black wouaau that 'l hiiped we should' not hoar- of 'b'o ninny deaths tlmt season. . '!01i, no," she . said, "there won't' be nay 'this year; beenrise ' a' blackfcllow' lms:- killed Mavmbeynh, ,-who. caused the deaths 'by 'knocking the :, people oil 'the Abilek'-of-'tlicli-dnpcks wltli' Ills: irrocn'- boondce." Tlio liluekfcllow is supposed - to hnve seen this evlbdetillng 'ghost in. front of hiiu one day, ho himself being unobserved, Avlioii lie. stole up nud.flnttcnedihlni with his bnomlee, tlms' savhig i hlse- people ami the AVlilics from fuMh'crsldkhcb of the Uont apo-) plexy kind. AV.c' lnivo In the camp' nh old woiiinii, who' is supjioscd to cnll up spirits — iiiid tlicy do coiuc. -' She gave ns liitest iof her'pow-er'on&djiy.YwMch; .I aiii bound to say compared favorably .with, any,'; seances;. of ' a like nature I lind seen before, liisoiuticb 'as slie held hers In the light of .diiy! Slie' never drinks.hot tea,.nor nuy?sbrt of liquid wliieb. wond heat lier Internally ; did she do: so, 'she snys tho. spirits, Ywould.ilib 'di'Iv'eh tout, ' and she be powerless ns' a.iiiediuni of cpiuinuiilcaj Hon: with '-them; It Is, she snj's, because tlio black: people drhilc tlioi i'grog'l of! the white people they nro losing their niielcnt power;- in the pnst tlicy never drank nny liot liquid. ,-, . It wns the snmc old woman who: accurately foretold the breaking up of n drought. : The oldest woiunu:of this tribe having dieil was burled the 'next dnjy':' Thcfirtncks told' lnc'l. could go to the fiiuerni; rind bit tlie wny the, old spliittuillst Avrilkcd hosldb. me. ' .' Seeing the rlroughty dcsoIaUon .of . the, country: I asked when' she' thought It. wouid -.riiln, rigriliiY Coining very'eiose to mo she half Avlilspefed, -In three-days, I-th!uk It; old Becuuiiiriy tell me when she dying that s'poslug she can send; 'tin: rain she sent 'lmitIireetilny;/whQn: "|l#r ybivcr'.go .long a 'Oolil 'Ophl."! 'Booniiiiiiiy illod on AVediiesdny :ulght,::iirid' we went- to beilVon Snturdny, with: thetslcles ns'elondless as.', they Uh'd hoenr for weeks;' In- the ihlddlo .of the lilght-'we"' wefe-'awnkeried by the putter of rnliidrops' on 'the Iron1 niof.-' - All night It rained, and all the next day; '; w?> 