"THE 118 Silk Hendkerohief. (Br H. C. bl~tNER) Irill not admit that it was only a prety girt from Philadelphia who carat to hand Hills that firstweek in July It was therosy goddess herself, dovHlrawn across the sea, in the wan path of the morning sun altheigh the tremulous, old-fashioned hancriting on the hotel register only shoed that the early train had brocht ".Sauel Rittenhouse, Philadelphia. "I.Mis ]littenhouee, do." It was the Honourable Samuel Rittnhouse, ex-Chief Justice of Pensylvania, the honoured head of the Pennylvania bar, and the legal reprentative of the Philadelphia contigent of the new Breeze Hotel and?aik Company. Ithe evening Horace called upon himos his rooms with a cumbersome sta of papers, and patiently waded thregh explanations and repetitions unti Mr.. Rittenhouse's testy courtesy -hbad the nervous manner of ago appehancivo of youthful irreverenc' -rlted into a complacent and fatlrly geniality. Then, when the 1on1 task was done and his young guet arose, he picked .up the card thalay on the table and trained his gcets on it. ?. ... . l'H. I. Walpolp e?"' he said 'are yout New Yorker, sir?' 'nom the north of the State,' Howe told him. ' adeed, indeed. Why, let me see -ye must be the son of my. old friest Walpolo-of Otago-wasn't it ?'id the old, gentleman, still ten tatily. ' 1. Lawrence; sir.' 'Tee, St. Lawrencoe-of course, of couic. Why, I knew your father wellyears ago, sir. We were at col legdogether.' ' .t Columbia ?' "as--yes. Why, bless me,' Jude Rittoenhouse went on, getting up o look at Horace : 'you're the ima? of your poor father at your age. A very brilliant man, sir, a very ablanan. I did not see much of him afteswe left collego-I was a Penn sylvnian, and 'he was from this ttato-but I have always remanbered your father with re spec and regard, sir-a very able man I think I heard of his death eoniyears ago.' 's ree years ago,' said Horace. His rice fell somewhat. How little to th old man of success was the poorunnoticed death of failure! 'Iree years only!' repeated the Jude, half apologetically; ' ah! peop slip away from each other in this torld-elip away. But I am glado have met you, sir-very much plead indeed. Rosamond !' Foan hour the subdued creaking of a rcking-chair by the window had been laying a monotonously pleasant meloe in Horace's ears. Now and then a coy wisp of bright hair, or the :eflected ghost of it, had fl~as? into view in the extreme lowes left-hand corner of a mirror oppoete him. Once he had seen i bit of white brow under it, and im time to time the low flutter of tuning magazine leaves had put in a bril second to the rocking-chair. Alithis time Horace's brains had beenimong the papers on the table; but omething else within him had been swaying to and fro with the rockig-chair, and giving a leap when the wep of hair liobbed into sight. Nor the rcckting-chair accompani mentceased, and the curtained corner by thi window yielded up its treasure, and lies Iittenhouse came forward, with me hand brushing the wimp of hair hlk into place, as if she were on easy and familiar terms with it. Horsos envied it. 'flamond,' said the 3udge, 'this is Mr, Walpole, the son of my old friend Walpole. You have heard me speak of Mr. Walpole's father.' 'Yoa,\ papa,' said the young lady, all buhot the corners of her mouth. And, oddly enough, Horace did not thinkof being maddened because this young woman had never heard of his lather., Life was going on a new key, all of a sudden, with a hint of a melody to be. unfolded that ran in very different cadencoes from the poor old tune of memory. My heroine, over whose head some 20 sunmera had passed, was now in the luhuriant prime of her youthful beauty,. Over a brow whiter than the driven snow fell clustering ringlett, whose hue That is the way the good old novelists and story- tellers of the Neville and Beverley days would have seat outLto describe Miss Ritten house, had they known her. Fools and blind I !As if any one could describe -as if ~ poet, even, could more than hint at what a man sees in a woman's face when, seeing, he loves. For a few momenta the talkers were constrained, and the talk was meagre and duultory. Then the Judge, who hid been rummaging around among the dust-heaps of his me. mory, snddenly roealed the fact that he had once, in stage-coach days. passed a algrht at Montrieta, and had been at h~ospitably_ treated. He draggedI this fact forth, professed a lively resiembrance of Mrs. Walpole, -'a fins woman, sir, your mother; a woman of many chsrms,~'-mked after her present health; and then, satisfied that he had spquitted himself of his whole duty, withdrew into the distant depths of his own soul and fumbled over the papere Horace had brought him, trune to familierise himself with them, as a commander might try to learn the faces of his soldiers. Then the two young people proceeded to find the key togeher, sad began a most hanmonosduet. BeadHll was the theme. Thus it was that they had to go out on the balcony, where Miss Rittenhouse might gzze into the brooding darkness over the sea, and watch it wink a slow yellow eye with a humorous alternation of sud den and brief red. Thus, also, Horace had to explain how the light house was constructed. This moved Miss Rittenhouse to scientific re search. She must see how it was done. Mr. Walpole would be de lighted to show her. Papa was so much interested in those mechanical matters. Mr. Walpole had a team and light weggon at his dis posal, and . would very much like to drive Miss Rittenhouse and her father over to the lighthouse. Miss Iiittenhouse communicated this kind offer to her father. Her father saw what was expected of him, and dutifully acquiesced, like an obedient American father. Miss Rittenhouse had managed the Rittenhouse house hould and the head of the house of Rittenhouse ever since her mother's death. Mr. Walpole really had a team at his disposal. He came from a country where people do not chase foxes, nor substitutes for foxes, but where they know and re vere a good trotter. He had speeded many a friend's horse in training for the country fair. When he came to Sand Hills his soundness in the equine branch of a gentleman's education had attracted the attention of a horsey Sand-Hiller, who owned a showy team with a record of 2.87. This team was not to be trusted to the ordinary summer boarder on any terms; but the Sand.Hiller was thrifty and appreciative, and he lured Horace into hiring the turnout at a trifling rate, and thus captured every cent the boy had to spare, and got his horses judiciously exercised. There was a showy light waggon to match the team, ind the next day the light waggon, with Horace and the Rittenhouses in it, passed every car ringe on the road to the lighthouse, where Miss Rittenhouse satisfied her scientific spirit with one glance at the lantern, atter giving which glance she went outside and sat in the shade of the white tower with Horace, while the keeper showed the machinesy to the Judge. Perhaps she went to the Judge afterward and got him to explain it all to her. Thus it began, and for two golden weeks thus it went on. The recognised Breeze Hotel and Park Company met in business ses sion on its own property, and Horace acted as a sort of honorary clerk to Judge Rittenhouse. The company, as a company, talked over work for a couple of hours each day. As a congregation of individuals, it ate and drank and smoked and played billiards, and fished and slept the" rest of the two dozen. Horace had his time pretty much to himself, or rather to Miss Rittenhouse, who monopolised it. He drove her to the village to match em broidery stuffs. He danced with her in the evenings when two stolidly soulful Germans, one with a fiddle and the other with a piano, made the vast dining-room ring and hum with Suppi and Waldteufel,-and this was to the great and permanent improve ment of his waltzing. She taught him how to play lawn tennis he was an old-fashioned boy from the backwoods, and he thought that croquet was still in existence, so she had to teach him to play lawn-tennis -until he learned to play much better than she could. On the other hand, he was a fresh-water swimmer of rare wind and wiriness, and a young sea-god in the salt, as soon as he got used to its pungent strength. So he taught her to strike out be yond the surf-line, with broad, breath long sweeps, and there to float and dive and make friends with the ocean. Even he taught her to fold her white arms behind her back, and swim with her feet. As he glanced over his sheulder to watch her following him, and to note the timorous, admiring crowd on the shore, she seemed a sea bred Venus of Mile in blue serge. I have known men to be bored by such matters. They made Horace happy. He was happiest, perhaps, when he found out that she was study ing Latin. All the girls in Philadel phia were studying Latin that esm mer. They had had a little school Latin, of course; but now their aims were loftier. Miss Rittenhouse had brought with her a Harkness's Virgil, an Anthou's dictionary, an old Bullion and Morris, and-yes, when Horace asked her, she had brought an Interlinear; but she didn't mean to use it. They rowed out to the buoy, and put the Interlinear in the sea. They sat on the sands after the daily swim, and enthusiastically laboured, with many an unclassic excursus, over P. V. Maroni's Opera. Horace bor, rowed some books of a small boy in' the hotel, and got up at five o'clock in the morniog to run a couple of, hundred lines or so abeal of his pupil, 'getting out ' a stint that would have made him lead a revolt had any teacher imposed it upon his class a few years before for he was fresh enough from school ing to have a little left of the little Latin that colleges give. He wondered how it was that he had never seen the poetry of the lines before. 'Foresan et hwoo olim memi nisse juvabit '-for perchance it will joT us hereafter to remember these things! He saw the wet and weary sailon on the shore, hungrily eating, breathing hard after their exertion ; he heard the deep cheerfulness of their leader'e voice. The wind blew toward him over the pine barrenas as fresh as ever it blew pmt Dido'e tower. A whiff of briny joviality and adventurous redkloisness seemed to come from the page on his kne»s And to him, also, had not she ap: pnared who saw, hard by the Mea, that pious old buocaneer-Lothario so much tossed about on land and upon the deep ? This is what the moderns call a flirtation, and I do not doubt that it was called a flirtation by the moderns around these two young people. Some how, though, they never got them selves ' talked about,' not even by the stranded nomads on the hotel veran dahs. Perhaps this was because there was such a joyous freshness and purity about both of them that it touched the hearts of even the slandler-steeped old dragons who rocked all day in the shade, and embroidered tidies and talked ill of their neighbours. Per haps it was because they also had that about them which the mean and vul .gar mind always sneers at, jeers at, affects to disbelieve in, always recog nises and feare,-the courage and power of the finer strain. Envy in spit-curls and jealousy in a false front held their tongues, may be, because, though they know that they, and even their male representatives, were sate from any violent retort, yet they re cognised the superior force, and shrunk from it as the cur edges awayjtom the quiescent whip. tnure is a great dilierence, too, between the flirtations of the grand fatherless and the flirtations of the grandfathered. I wish you to under stand that Mr. Walpole and Miss Hittenhouso did not sprawl throdgh their flirtation, nor fall into that elip shod familiarity which takes all the delicate, beauty of dignity and mutual respect out of such a friendship. Horace did not bow to the horizontal, and Miss Rittenhouse did not make a cheesocake with her skirts when he held open the'door for her to pass through; but the bond of courtesy between them was no less sweetly gracious on her side, no less finely reverential on his, than the taste of their grandparents' day would have exacted, no less earnest, I think, that it was a little easier than puff and periwig might have made it. Yet I also think, whatever was the reason that made the dragons let them alone, that a simple mother of the plain, old- fashioned style is better for a girl of Miss R6samond Bitten house's age than any such precarious immunity from annoyance. Ah, the holiday was short! The summons soon came for Horace. They went to the old church together for the second and last time, and he stood beside her, and they held the hymn book between them. Horace could not rid himself of the idea that they had stood thus through every Sunday of a glorious summer. The week before he had sung with her. He had a boyish baritone in him, one of those which may be some what extravagantly characterised as consisting wholly of middle register. It was a good voice rfor the campus, and, combined with that' startling clearness of utterance which young collegians acquire, had been very effective in the little church. But to day he had no heart to sing "Bye field" and " Pleyel;!" he wouldirather stand beside her and feel his heart vibrate to the deep lower notes of her tender contralto, and his soul rise with the higher tones' that soared up. ward from her pure young breast. And all the while he was making that act of devotion which-" uttered or unexpressed"-is, indeed, all the wor ship earth has ever known. Once she looked up at him as if she asked, ' Why don't you sing ?' But her .yes fell quickly, he thought with a shade of displeasure" in them at something they had seen in his. Yet as he watched her bent head, the cheek near him warmed with a slow, soft blush. He may only have fancied that her clear voice quivered a little -ith a tremolo not written in the notes at the top of the page. And now the last day came. When the work*a day world thrust ifs rough shoulder into Arcadia, and the hour. of the idyll were numbered, they set to talking of it as though the two weeks that they had known each other were some sort of epitomised summer. Of course they were to meet again, in New York or in Philadelphia; and of course there were man~' days of summer in store for Miss Rettenhouse at Sand Hills, at Newport, and at Mount Desert; but Horace's brief season was closed, and somehow she seemed to fall readily into his way of looking upon it as a golden period of special and important value, their joint and exclusive property something set apart from all the rest of her holiday, where there would be other men and other good times and no Horace. It was done with much banter and merriment; but through it all Horace listeced for delicate undertones that should echo to his ear the earnestness which sometimes rang irrepressibly in his own speech. In that marvellous instrument, a woman's voice, there are strange and fine possibilities of sound that may be the messengers of the subtlest intelligence or the sweet falteriags of imperfect control. So Horace, with love to construe for him, did not suffer too oruelly from disap. pointment. On the afternoon of that lait day they sat upon the beach and saw the smoke of Dido's funeral pile go up, and .they closed the dog'-.eared Virgil, and, looking seaward, watched the black cloud from a coal ing ateamer mar the blind. ing blue where sea and sky blent atthe horizon; watched it grow dull and faint, and fade away, and the illumined turquoise reasert itself. Then he was for a farewell walk, and she, with that bright acquiesoenoe with which a young gil can make companionehip almost perfect, if she will, accepted it as an insiration, and they set out. They v~ited together the filhormen's houses,, where Horace bad good-bye to mightyflsted friends, who stuok their thumbs inside their waistbands and hitched their trousere half way up te their blue.ht ted arm, and said to him, " You come up here in Orgust, Mr. Walpole-say 'bout the fus' t' the third week 'o Orgust, 'n' we'll give yer some bloo-fiihin' 't y' won't need t' lie about, neither.' They all liked him, and hearily. Old Bufe, the gruff hermit of the fishers, who lived a half mile beyond the settlement, flikled his shuttle through the net he was mending, and did not look up as Horace spoke to him. ' Goin' ?' he said; ' waal, we've all gotter go some time oruther. The' ain't no real perma-nen-cy on this uth. Goin' ? Waal, I'm '-he paused, and weighed the shuttle in his hand as though to aid him in balancing some impor~arit ~ental process. ' Sho! I'm derned 't I ain't sorry. Squall comin' up, an' don't y' make no mistake,' he hurried on, not to be further committed to unguarded ex pression; 'better look sharp, or y' '11 git a wettin'.' T2'o bi coniinnsd.) 