THE PROPOSED RATE, [TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD.1 Sim,-Your last issue contains a letter signed "W. Brown." Does Mr Brown hang out as the champion of the soi-disant committee appointed in the Victoria Hall the other night? The letter contains little or nothing but a few quotations from mine in your previous issue. It does not con tain even one solid reason why such a rate should be struck. There is, however, some nonsence which Mr Brown will excuse me for making a few remarks on. It is the first time in the history of the colony, or in the history of any town that I know, that the inhabitants requested the authori ties to increase their burdans in the way of extra taxation. Many people left the Old Land on account of over taxation, and for a certainty many people refuse to settle in a town that is over taxed. Yes, Mr Brown, my "inspired and sublime innocence" and also my oeighted and darkened understanding show me as clear as bog water that, you have nicely let the cat out of the bag. I anticipated as much. Ah! Mr Brown, I know well the places you have indicated, and where you wish to improve at other people's expense. I have been in Murray stseet east, and I know the sand patch near the State school, but I did not see the ghost at the old Oddfellows to frighten me off the hard road into it, neither was my nose "ground in the scoria." Does Mr Brown really write from experi ence P The road there is good and the paths fair, and I did not see double, as some people do, especially when they are gding home in the dark. I will willingly sign a petition to the council to place a lamp there for Mr B.'s accommodation. May I be there to pull out the next man that's bogged in that "Slough of Despond," as he may probably see double. I will point him out two well macadeimised roads leading to his residence in the east end, i.e., should he reside there. Really, Mr B,, I would like to know whether you are a ratepayer within the town boundary, and how much rates the east end of Murray street pays, and also how many signatures you have obtained to the petition, and how much you are getting for hawking it round ? It is all very fine for Mr Brown and his committee to saddle the ratepayers with the expense of making nice smooth paths and bike tracks from their business places to their dwell ings, as is evident from the way Mr Brown's cat jumps. At the outset, Mr B. would like to know my name. Well, I am well known, and I have not done much out of the way to be tashamed of it. Thanking you kindly, Mr Editor, in antleipation for insert ing this, I am still a real live RATEPAYER. Colac, 16th March, 1898. 