MiSEMEITS THE DRAMA, &G-; Mr. Wilson Barrett may claim the distinc tion of having given the most unsatisfactory representation of Hamlet which tlie Mel bourne stage has seen. An ideal created from. a study of the play, and crystallised into material shape by memories of Mont gomery and Edwin Adams, is utterly sot at nought by a conception which converts the immortal tragedy of Sliakspearc into some thing approaching the conditions of a mo dern melodrama. We do not deny to Mr. Wilson Barrett the merit of a consis tent and careful working out of his reading of the part. But as a portrayal of t.he most complex character witliin the whole range of the drama, his impersonation is an intellectual disappointment. We lose all the charm of poetical significance, of philo sophical insight into the workings of the human mind, and see no sign of the con flict between thought and action which fur nishes the essential features in this master piece of mental analysis. Instead of a Hamlet, of irresolution, all compact ''letting T imf. T lrriiTM " linoouco Ita cannot, feci- convinehd that cvbn the ap- pearancy'ofhis father's ghost' may not be a betrajaj of the truth, by Superstitious in fluence, (whise sSnity is overbalanced in the stniggle,\n'rid>who finally is almost goaded into reve'nge '-by'fEeraccident of the mo ment, we are presented' V.-itii a sturdy un impressionable being wlio would have mnde short work of all the internal promptings of doubt. If Mr. Wilson Barrett's interpre tation were reasonable, the tragedy would have culminated in fhe opening act. In striving after simplicity and directness, Mr. Wilson Barrett reduces Hamlet to the level of the commonplace. It is natural, we may suppose, for nn actor, even uncon sciously," to manipulate a character so as to best suit his own requirements. But if there are phases which an inward conviction pro"- nouncos to be unsuitable, it would be the better to avoid the part than to altogether transform the poet's meaning. There is hardly a scene wherein this criticism does not become painfully necessary. Mr. Wil son Barrett has substituted his own concep tion for that of the dramatist, and the whole scheme of tlie drama lias to be wrenched out of its proper conditions in order to suit the changes. There is no element of mad ness in the composition of-thc new Hamlet. He is preternaturnily wide awake, makes no attempt to conceal his suspicions tmder any misleading guise, and does not convey any. impression of the sicklied irresolution and uncertainly which palsies every intention of revenge. Mr. Wilson Barrett has not scrupled to depart from the customary canons of representation, hut we cannot recognise his alterations as emendations. Depicting the play scene in the open air may serve, though in the dimmer light we lose the finer indications of gesture and facial expressions. But the Closet scene suffers in intensity when carried hei-nml (lm impressive rebuke of HamleLto his mother in order that indication may he given of the murderous plot, which the usurping king de vises against Hamlet in his banishment to England. Mr. Wilson Barrett's impersona tion is lacking in power, perception, tender ness, thought and passion: Nor was the de livery of tlie dialogues - remarkable for felicity of expression. The other members of the company offer ed little redeeming quality. Miss Maud Jeffries will hold no honored place ill memory among the Ophelias. Apart from the attributes of looks she displayed nc special qualification for the character, and failed to invest it with tlie charm of natural innocence and grace which rightly belong ta it. Tlie pathos of tlie mad scene was defi cient. Miss Macarthy is physically suited for the Queen, but here commendation must cease. The King was represented by Mr. Carter-Edwards with some semblance of dignity, and it is a pity that this intelligent actor was not allowed the only opportunity in his part of the prayer scene. Mr. Am brose Manning was passable as the first gravedigger, though we have heard tho humor given with more effect. The Horatic of Mr. Irwin was colorless, and Mr. Percy- val's Laertes lamentably lacking in fire. The Polonius of Mr. Hodges was a makeshift, Mr. Cathcart'e Ghost was a voice and noth ing more. The public appreciation given to this performance of Hamlet shows what possibilities of popular favor still lie in the Shakspearian drama. How different may criticism be on Mr. Wilson Barrett's rendering of Othello? Here is a fine, well studied performance, instinct; with passion and presenting touehes of Irne tragic force. In the earlier scenes, Mr. y iil- son Barrett is dignified and restrained. He rises to the highest level of excellence in the act where Iago first injects the venom of jealous- into his veins, and liis treatment of this scene, where love for Dcsdemona and lurking doubts of her fidelity battle for maE- tery, displays both power and pathos. As the poison works like madness in the brain of tlie Moor, driving him to more ferocious outbursts, increased demands are made upon tlie ability of tlie actor to give the full sense of storm tossed passion without falling into the ever present danger of wild exaggera tion. 'Sir.- Wilson Barrett was altogether admirable in these parts. In the final act lie was pathetic and restrained, but there was evident a" feeling of exhaustion, and he hardly maintained the high standard of excellence to the close. Still, his Othello represents the supreme level of his ability in tragic art, and with his Fete in The Manx man constitute his title to a place in drama tic memories. Miss Jeffries's Dcsdemona was a great improvement upon her Ophelia. The Iago of Mr. Carter Edwards was au illustration of intelligent effort without any inspiration ut genius, auu me j-.,...". w. Miss M'Cartliy was fairly satisfactory. Mr. Percyval and Mr. Ambrose Manning should avoid Shakspeare if they wish to retain the appreciation of their audience. Mr. "Wilson Barrett and his company made their farewell appearance on Wednes day evening in Virginias. They open on Saturday evening in Sydney in tho Manx man. The Cartwriglit Company appear to some what better advantage in Moths. There is more opportunity oi action in this play, and the dramatic situations in the last act were given in a manner which aroused the atten tion of the audience. Ou his former visit Mr. Cartwright played the part of Frincc- Zouroff, a Russian nobleman of the well known Ouida pattern, all veneer and vice, and his representation lias not fallen off in completeness and strength. He is not so suitably supported on this occasion, for - the change from Olga Nctliersole to Beatrice Lamb is not an advantage as far as the perform ance of Yere Hubert is concerned. Nature denies to this lady the possibility of physi cally representing the young ingenue, thrown innocent and unsuspecting into the raffish and depraved society of Continental resorts. Too great a demand is made upon ine audience s capacity ui jiiiuguiuiiuu nutii asked to accept the full blown rose for the blossom. Apart from this overwhelming ob jection, the representation of this character was marked by intelligence and feeling, though in this as in other parts the laudable tendency to restraint is being carried too far in the direction of effacement. Of the other members of the company, Sir. Arthur Styan is the most deserving of praise. The Irish Detective of Mr. Grnttan Riggs is a thing to be enjoyed, not to be criticised. The audience at tlie Theatre Royal show an enviable faculty of appreciation. In this piece the veteran comedian is an entire company in his own person, for he plays seven separate and distinct characters, and would, were it possible for him, like Sir Boyle Roche's bird, to be in two places at once, doubtless, be willing to fill the whole hill himself. He shows remarkable versa tility and vigor. While he is on the stage the spectators are quite content to forget the impossibilities of the surroundings. He is supported with praiseworthy zeal by the other members of the company, which in cludes Miss Alice Deorwyn, an old favorite with the Melbourne public. The Streets of New York has been revived at the Alexandra, and as it is a good 'stirring drama, with lots of action and a lavge infusion of rollicking humor, it always lakes well. This was the plav which pre ceded the burning down of the Theatre Royal a quarter of a century ago. Jack the Giant Killer continues to draw large attendances to the Opera House, anil the performance given with unflagging vi vacity never fails to secure applause. The substitution of Will Whitburn for Tom Woottweli, departed to fill London engage ments, does not 'weaken the company. Before Tlie Rabes in the Wood is pre sented at the Princess's, The French Maid Mill UV Itrtl 1'Jl IX ill,Ut3i The open air concerts at the Exhibition Building have been successful enough to justify a repetition of the experiment under more favorable circumstances. Why not he- gin earlier in the season next year? Madame Album's concerts will commence in the Town Hall on Saturday evening. 'J'lie Sydney enthusiasm will he repeated. Only four concerts are announced. The last Syd ney concert of Madame Albani gave the re cord return" of £1010. At the opening eon- cert Madame Albani will sing Ah, l'ors e Lui, from Traviata; With Verdure Clad, from The Creation; Robin Adair and the waltz air from Gounod's Romeo and Ju liet. Mr. Ernest Shand, who, with Miss Wil- lougliby, was out here last year playing in The French Maid and The Gay Paris- icDne, has been giving his "impressions" to a Manchester publication. He wants to come back again and so he says pleasant things of "the beautiful harbor." It is a rare if not unique occurrence in tlie history of the stage for a member of a theatrical company to have au uctive pro fessional career extending over 70 years. Such a record has, however, been estab lished at Coburg by Herr Carl Weiss, an actor at tho Court Theatre. His first ap pearance on the boards was in 1827, when he took the part of the hero's sou in Schiller's William Tell, and even at the present day his acting is almost as vigorous as that of a young man, and commands tlie unequi vocal sympathy of the theatre-going public. Weiss is a native of Coburg, and during the whole of his career he has never lacked | an engagement for even a single day. 