CHAPTER XL/V. A Morning* Plunge. IN ow wniiio as yee une new nay was niaaen ny itne oaiiibern ailis and all ithe world appeared to lie asleep a black vehicle was quietly driven up to the front of General Mallock's railings and almost sim ultaneously Wild Eelin and Morag the Mull lass issued from Glengarva House shutting the door noiselessly behind them And Eelin, in stealthy whispers was trying to reassure her handmaiden. "There ls really no risk Morag," she said In, those hushed undertones. "And lit is of great im portance for everyone to know what to do when flung .Into the sea. You might stumble off a pad dle-box, you know, or a rowing boat might be cap sized; and you ought to be prepared. And there .is no risk, Morag; for l.am going itoisave your hfe; only, you must not grip me.. You.leave me alone, and I'll bring you ouit of the water all right. But don't grip me. Just imagine you are drowned and quite helpless and you'll see how I'll hoist you over the gunwale. I don't think you can iposslbly catch cold; for it will only be an affair of a few minutes; and-in (this bag there is everything that can be wanted for a change; and the cab will be walting to bring us back to the house. You.'re not fright ened, are you, Morag?" : "N-no, Miss," said the ? Mull lass, with her teeth chattering; the morning air- wast somewhat chill./- ' , . ; "Because you have courage to put; aside all the havers Ithait old Maxwell;itellis you,["about Haggartt the murderer and his .breaking, of gaols; and I'm sure you'll be;brave enough-, for this enterprise when it will be of great practical service to every one coneermed." Morag said nothing; she was rather a timid lass; and she did not quite understand.. But now ¡they were arrived at the black vehicle, from the inside of which Lily Neile spoke blithely. "How are you, . old- girl?; All serene? Let Morag go on the box, and-take your bag with her; tor I've got ene in here, and Its-tol-lc'l biggish-just in case you may want tov save. me too-for who knows what accident, may occur?-and ; a-, dry'pair of Harria stockings makes .all ithe, difference betwixt, a man and a mouse. Good "morning,-. Morag!-> heard anything of;David Haggartys ghost;whizzing about of - latte? Bundle,-, up, now; and, let's be. cff." And so they drove away through £ the., night with here and there an, orange gas-.lamp ;piercing the darkness; and. inside the .cab Lilly Neile and Eelin were singing^-to themselves, but in carefully diminished tones-r- . ^ A boat, .a.boat, haste to the ferry, For we'are going to Aitnaherry. They passed the lights of Invernish; all the .town was dead in slumber; not a dog barked. They went down by Friars' Place and Capel Inch to Thornbush Quay, and still the refrain kept com ing and going in fitful snatches A boat, a boat, haste to the ferry, l' or we are going to Aitnaherry. . But surely there was some Indication of the new day? , When they got along to, the .harbor;-, the masts of a schooner, lying listed over on the. mud, could vaguely, be made out against the, eastern sky; and Cromwell's Fort was dimly visible; and thore was. a suggestion of land beyonds the, un known belt of sea-no doubt, the Black Isle emer ging from its mists. At length the cab was stop pea; the three of them descended; and.down by the bank they found a substantial gig moored to a post. Clearly all this had.beenvarranged; for the oars were'In the: boat, and.-the padlock had been removed from the chain;, and, so the voy agers took their leave of the land.] Lily Neile, and Eelin were rowing; ; and the new refrain was -soprano and contralto-with, ineffable anguish intermingled- t - . Though-1 leave thee now In sorrow, . :t Smiles may light our love to- morrow,. 'i Doomed to part, my faithful heart ' A gleam of Joy from hope shall borrow. ? r Ah, ne'er forget, when .friends are near, -. .. . This heart alone is.thine for ever; . Thou may'st find .those, will love thee dear, But. not a. love like mine, O never! ¡ . " ' , And now, behold! the dawn was beginning to.disr close itself over the wide Moray. Firth. / There was a grey shimmering on the w^ater ; the air smelt keen; krrowy; flights of sea-birds ? swept by; ¡the long promontory of Fort George could beVmade out -by anyone familiar with the "line of ."the /coast. And still, these two pulled on, in.fine rhythmical swing; and now and again; they repeated their pathetic bewailment-. ; .' ./ Though I leave thee, now, in. sorrow, or perhaps it. was^ .-. - I would,that.my,'love.could silently. -anything, in short, .that-their fresh young voices found in unison; while all the world seemed gra dually to awake; and. the houses .and Castle Hill of Invernish showed sombre under the ever-in-. creasing canopy.bf pale blue smoke. It was the Black Isle that;appeared first to catch the new day. There were yellow clearances and dark plantations, and an occasional white cottage; they looked human-like, and welcome, and friendly, beyond the forlorn and leaden wasce of sea. Poor Morag, seated In the stern of the boat, was wish ing herself back in Tobermory again, or on any similar and serviceable piece of land. In truth, Morag was crying, and Lily Neile, row ing stroke, was the first to perceive the fact. "Why, Morag, what is the matter?" she called to her. "Are you afraid?" "Oh! np, Miss, I am not afrait," said Morag, wiping her eyes and trying to stifle her sobs. "And whatever Miss Eelin is wishing me to do, . well, I am willing to do-Kott know that-" "But what on earth are you crying about?" said/ the frank-spoken Lily Neile- and by this time the increasing light could reveal to her with what skill she was feathering her oar. "Well,, before I left Tobbermorry," said the agitated láss, "my mother was warning me not to get into dancher--" , . (To be continued.) Doubted, lt.-His call had lasted something like two, hours when he sugested that he believed he could read her thoughts. . "Then why don't you go?" she asked. 