The Sketcher. Some Scottish Ghosts. Castles and Mansions that are Haunted Scotland, the land of deep enthusiasm aud poetic feeling, is essentially a laud of superstition; witness the firm belief of the peasantry In the weird, traditions of the West -ind the Highlands, in the un canuy apjiaritiouK, foreboders of evil to the family to wlioin they belong, aud their avoidance of I he so-called abodes of guosts and evil spirits. Nor do they stand alone in their beliefs ; among the upper class credence is given to much j that is supernatural, aud uot without cause, as the history of the aucieut Uastle of Glaiuis iu Forfarshire relates. Although tbe whole house abounds in mysterious noises and ghostly visitors, one chamber iu particular is known as the ' liauuled Itoom,' and access to this fearsome place Is only known to Lord Strut huiore, his heir, and tue factor. There Is no doubt whatever about the noises ; one night when they were more weird aud unearthly than usual, tbe present Earl, with several chosen com panions, determined to iuvestigate tbe cause, and wont to the room. Hardly bad his lordship opened tbe door, when he fell back swooning. Nor could be ever be persuaded to tell what be saw, or even to mention the subject One old story is that during a feud between tbe Lindsays and Ogllvles some of the latter dan, in flight from their enemies, besought hospitality from tbe owner of Glaiuis. He gave them shelter in tbis room ; but, under plea of biding them, left them there to starve. It may have been tbe sight of tbe ghastly re mains which startled tbe Earl, but what ever it was is still a secret. Another story is that of ' Earl Patie,' celebrated for many vices, but above all for tbat of gambling. He played continually, hob nobbiug witb bis humblest servitor, could, be not obtain another partner. However, one 'Lord's Day' uo one could be persuaded to play witb him. Tbe chaplain heaped anathemas on tbe bead of auy one who dared to desecrate the 'Sawbatb' by touching tbe 'Devil's bricks,' as be desiguated curds. Earl Patie, rather than be thwarted in bis desire, invoking tbe ' foui fiend' to be bis partner, locked himself iuto bis room. Tbe 'deil' came, and then tbe fuu was fast and furious ; curses, oaths, and shrieks terrified the inmates, aud tbe butler, uraver than the rest, putting bis eye to the keyhole, bad it sorely scorched for bis curiosity. The Karl, coining out for a iniuule to get (be wherewithal to settle up witb, returned only to iind tbe room empty, and uo where could auy trace of his ghostly comrade be found. After bis death, live years later, the same noises were con stantly beard issuing from tbe room and aloug tbe corridors. . Allaubank, the seat of tbe Stuarts, is haunted by tbe ghost of ' Peariiu Jean.' She was tbe wife of the lirst barouet, and a Frenchwoman, whom be married in Paris aud deserted. When returning to his native land she appeared at tbe last moment to bid him good-bye, and stood on tbe forewheel of tbe coach to address biiu. Much annoyed, he bade the postillion drive on; the lady fell, and the wheels going over her head killed her. On his arrival home, when driving under tbe arcbed entrance gateway, Sir Robert saw ' Pearlin Jean' sitting ou tbe top, her head and shoulders covered witb blood, and for years tbe rustle of silk and patter of Louis XV. heels was beard along the passages. There is perhaps no more notorious ghost than tbe ' Airlie Drummer' ; bis baunt is an ancient stronghold, Cor tachy Castle, belougiiig to tbe Earls of Airlie. Whenever his drum is beard those rouud take it as a sure token of tlie speedy death of one of tbe Ogilvie family. Tbe origin of the story is that tbe jealousy of a former Lord of Airlie was roused either by the drummer or tbe officer whose messenger he was. In rage be thrust, the man into bis drum, aud flung biui out of tbe window of tbe tower iu which tbe music is usually beard. Tbe victim threatened, if bis life were tifkeu, to lianut the ^family, and be has been as good or ra'tber as bad as lijs word. The music of the hapless drummer has often been beard, and quite recently, within the memory of those living; in 1814 before tbe death of Lady Airlie, and iu 184U before tbe death of tbe ninth Earl. Spcdlfn's Tower, now a ruined Border fortress, was long haunted by the spirit or a miller named Porteous, who, being suspected of arson, was incarcerated in tbe dungeon by Sir Alex. Jardiue. Ha ing occasion to go away from boiue, be forgot all about his prisoner, who per ished of hunger. No sooner was b» dead than his gbost began to torment the family, aud gave them no rest uight or day. At last, by tbe aid of several ministers,, the demon was exorcised, and a Bible was placed In a niche in bis celL Tears after it was thought necessarv to liave tbe Bible rebound. Accordingly it was sent to Kdiuburgli for that purpose. It bad not l-eeu long ou Its way before tbe gbost left its dun geon, fled over tbe river to the new home to whlcb tlie family bad recently removed, hauled tbe barouet aud bis wife out of bed, causing much terror and disturbance. Only tbrougli return Ing the Bible to Its niche in its old con dition was Porteous's revengeful gbost quieted, and peace again restored. Woodhouse Lee, tbe seat of tbe Frnser Tjtlers, is visited by tbe spirit of Lndy Hamilton, of Botliwellliaugb. Her hus band is kuown as the murderer of tbe K'egentMurray atLinlitbgow in 1850, and surely no assassin bad ever greater pro vocation. Knowlug Lord Hamilton was fi-om home, tbe ncgeilt seized bis bouse, turned bis 'wife and child out naked Into the fields ; before morn sue was a raving lunatic, her infant dead, pro bhbly murdered, and now her restless spirit haunts tlie abode of her former happiness. Part of tbe masonry of tbe old building was used for tbe present mansion, which is built on tbe Pentland Hills, four miles distant from tbe scene of the tragedy ; and but a few years ago tlie domestics were terrified by tbe apparition .of a lady robed In white holding a child la ber arms, wliicli shows tlie spectre is still faithful to her old borne. The Invernry gbost is another well autlieutlcated story, tbe hearse of which drives up to tbe door of tbe Castle be fore the decease of any member of tbe Argyll family. It is said, during the Illness of tbe late Duchess, (lint two of the servants at Inverary, while resting in tbe gloaming, beard the noise of wheels, unbarred the great door of the entrance-ball, aud, on opening It, found nothing there. Shortly afterwards they beard of tlie deatb of their' mis tress. Dunvegon, tbe bouie of tbe Macleods, tbo oldest Inhabited castle of Scotland, is visited by those delightful spirits— fairies.' There is still tbe fairy flng, given centuries ago to tbe Chief of Maeleod by tbe fairies, aud which al ways brought thein victory when they took it into battle. A room In tbe towor is devoted to them, music and dnneiug are ortcn hoard, but. all vaulslies when the door is opeu.— ' Gentlewoman.' 