MR. I> KJII'S I-'UBMO FINANCING. TO TUB EDITOR. Sir, — III vonr Issue of to-iluy Mr. J. 0. F.llln Invites mo to itUetnpl to oxfiloilo Ills ulltqjeU Ue.« flcluncy In Mr. Hold's revenue account. In my; previous letter. I was simply dealing with figures quoted by Mr. 1. It. Cohen. I Ibid not- tlio privi lege ot perusing Mr. Mills's letter of Noveuiben 20 last, htil. I gather from his latest eohlrlbtithiu that tlio real point at Issue between hint and; the Treasurer Is whether tho proceeds ot tho Treasury bills Issued under tho Act of 1895 should have been expended against tbe old appropria tions. Mr. Ellis says, "Tbe amount of Treasury, bills Issued Under tbal Act exceeded a million of money, and, of course, It was legal, becausa Mr. Hold's following In tho Assembly passed lha Act nt bis Instigation." Would it sttrprlso Mr, Ellis to bo Informed that the Treasury Hills De ficiency Act ot 1895 passed both Chumbcrs of tbe Legislature without, division? tn common fairness, lie should not Inslnuato that It wan "Mr. Iteld's following" that made the tiling legal. The bill was debated in lite Assembly by Mr, M'Millan and 'Mr. Dyne, (lie Opposition leader, but no division was called for. Mr. Lyne, speak ing after Mr. M'Millan on that occasion, said (vldo "Hansard," page 3455) — "The lion. Incmbei for Burwood criticised tbe 1>lll very acutely, but I recognise that, whether wo take tho step now, or hereafter, tbe deficiency will have to bo cov ered In tbe manner proposed. However we ratty, differ ns to the balance or deficiency at tho end of a year, wo must reach tlio stage when tlio Colonial Treasurer must bo recouped iu tho way, tlio lion, gentleman proposes." In the Uppen House a mild protest was matin by Air. E. Webb, but the bill passed through alt Its stages there without, a division. Tile Act was tile work of both Houses of Parliament, und was carried without division. Mr. Hills Is not justified, therefore, in speaking of It as lite work only of "Mr. Hold's following."1 As stated in my previous Icl.ler, T see no useful public service to be rendered In discussing the accounts of those past years. Tbe old system lias bceli superseded, und wo commence a new period; from June 30, 1S96, nt which date tbe Auditor- General certifies to tho existence ot a surplus in Hie revenue of £350.000. Since thai date f liava admitted there lias been no surplus on the. trans actions of a financial year, and tbe Treasurer baa not claimed a surplus on tlm actual transactions. A revenue surplus Is not a fund to be nursed uml increased front year to year. It should: either be spent to the reliof uf the general rev enue, or In reduction or loan Indebtedness. The Treasurer has used tile surplus shown on June 30, 1SH6, to relieve the finances of pillowing years. Personally, l would have preferred to sea tbe pi-obulc duties put on In 1890, trad tbe whole surplus devoted to tbe redemption of Treasury bills. Mr. Held has adopted another1 course. He Iras carried Iris surplus forward, and spared the taxpayer a little longer. 11 Is ob vious, however, to every student of tlio publla accounts that tlio surplus will give out ore long, and the Imposition or the probate duties will ha rendered Imperative, Tills will be, after all, only tho fulfilment or Mr. Hold's original pro gramme of finance, ns announced on May 9, 1S9-r.f In the financial statement prior to last general election. Of course, if Mr. Ellis Is- going to insist With Mr. Gohon Ural .Mr. Held must be judged by actual receipts and expenditure since bis finan cial periods began, then I must simply deed hit) to argue. The contention Is outrageously unfair. Thu Treasurer Inherits over a million pounds worth of liabilities from tboso who preceded! trim, and he Is asked, simply hccauso he Is in stituting a new system of accounts, to take Iho whole burden of these liabilities upon bis first year under tho new system. Because the Trea surer declined to do soeb an unfair thing to 1: Iin- soir and his system, ho Is accused ot manufac turing tho celebrated surplus of 1S96, Mr. Ellis again refers to the sum of £216 000 saved by the Dibits Government, and charged buck by Mr. Held to Ills predecessors. I am not sufficiently acquainted with tho stale of the roads iu tho country to know whether tills sav ing by the Dibbs Government wus justified, but If, ns Iho Treasurer contended al lite time, the roads trad been starved to save money which Parliament had appropriated, the "saving" was ouo of a very doubtful character. However. I aut not disposed to prolong discussion over theso matters of ancient financial history. My alia was simply to show Lite unfairness of the pre sentation of certain bald figures by Mr. Cohen, and of tho conclusions which, be derived there- front. There Is abundant sco,po for criticism In the financial methods of every Government, and 1 have not spared the present Government whom I differed from them. With reference to Mr. Thomas Fisk's letter. I think he rather misunderstands ttio tenor or my previous letter. .1 did not seek to explain why tbe finances of 1896-7 had gone "wrong." la- making a comparison 1 merely incntiuiieil inci dentally that ll' iras an unfavorable year for comparison. Inasmuch as 'the difficulty with tho /and and income taxes upset the revenue for tho year. It Is not to the point whether the amount collected was more or less I Iran will bo again received. It was considerably less than was ex pected, and ns Mr. Fl.sk, of. course, knows, lha appropriations were made upon the basis of what was expected for Ural year. Mr. Flsk Is; evidently a little mixed about Ufa years referred to iu my tetter. I did not suy that "1897 was burdened with payments to tlio a mount of CS7S.025 on account of previous years." Ii. was tho financial year 1895-6 to which theso figures applied. Mr. Flsk Is quite right In say- lug that £650.090 of this money was on account ot the half-year ending Juno 30. 1895, thut short period, of course, having to bear Its burden o£ 1X94 ami previous years, but a glance at tho figures quoted In the last paragraph of my teller would have shown him that Mr. Reld, from 1st January, 1895, to 30th June. 1S96. spent £1.167,- 339 or, account oC 1891 ami previous years. I am aware, of course, Ural all previous Treasurers have had to spend money on account of previous years, ami to discharge liabilities imposed upon the revenue by other Governments, but Air. Ttehl is tho first Treasurer to my knowledge who tuts been pinned down to a statement of cash receipts and expenditure. Having Instltu- (ed a cash system of State bookkeeping, bis critics have Insisted IbaL lie should be judged on that basis from tlio very start, without allow ing for the working out of the old appropria tions, according to law. It was against tho un fairness of this system of judging Air. Held that 1 protested. Of course, other Treasurers have been unfairly criticised, and party politics un fortunately lend to tbe most unfair criticism. When I speak of Mr. Hold's prnilcccssors, 1 malic no special reference to the Dibbs Government; The deficiency cleared off by the Treasury Bills Act of 1895 has been accumulating slnco 1889. Under Lbe old system of accounts It was impos sible to know bow the finances stood on uny, particular date. Now that tbc old- appropria tions are' worked out, the revenue for the year will have to bear the expenditure for that year. II. was inevitable, however, that some confusion would nrlse during the period or transition. ThaL ncrtori lias now nasscri. anil It Is cdhv la see that the country is, financially speaking, sailing very close to Ihe w'lnd. It Is not fair lo say thut we are going rapidly to the bad. ft will take the Treasurer all Ills llmo, without net— ditiomil revenue, to make both ends meet. Fur ther drastic retrenchment appears to ho out ot the question, but with sound economy Itt every branch of government, there is no valid reason to expect a revival of the deficits ot former pe riods. I do not claim for tlio present Treasurer all the credit for the curtailment of public ex penditure. The worlt wus cotniuouccd by — in deed, It was forced upon — the Dibbs Govorumciit by the circumstances or the trying financial period from 1891-3. I have always bold ihnt they wera entitled to overy credit and ull sympathy foe facing thai trying porlml with corn-ago- nml decision. Although disagreeing with them upon questions of general policy, 1 shall bo no party to unfairly dealing -yvllb tliom In matters ot this liltid. J claim, however, thut Air. Hold should bu fairly dealt with, und that wo should sou Ilia Inst of those scminLlomil attompts to provo tlio existence of deficits which are not there. Having put two previous deficits Into Treasury hills, to ha liquidated nf tho rate of 1)150,000 per nmium, wo liave a somewhat substantial reminder every year of tbe nulunl exlnlenco of those debts. U Is liuril- ly necessary to add to our burdens by conjuring tip ghosts of Imaginary deficiencies. Of course, If Mr. Ellin' alleged Hold deflclonoy dons exist, then Mr. Seo's own acknowledged deficiency to 31st December, 1893, did not. exist. To prove tho exist ence of the one wo must first get rid or the other. Mr. Ellis, I know, would admit It is (he "snnio old uil'llon." but Itn wants tn eull it Mr. Hold's, whereas the late Trrnsurer,- Mr. See, .claimed It as bin own before Mr. Hold arrived upon tbe scene. Now, there are not two deficits, but one only. Terhnpn. fnr the future It bad better lie known mi the See-nrld or Hold-See deficlctiey, but it Is wen lor Hie online lo itnow mm. tiy waniover mime It Is called, It In the "snmn old million."— 1 Yours, (lie,, F. E. Al'LEAN. 14 Cnutlcrcngh-ntrnct. February 5, 