THE NOVELIST. PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. Wild Eelin: Her Escapades, Adventures, and Bitter Sorrows. BY WILLIAM BLACK./ Author of "A Daughter of Heth," "A Princess, of \ Thule," "Madcap Violet," "In Far Lochaber," "White Heather," "Stand Fast, Crale-Royston," "Highland Cousins," etc;, etc. (Copyright.) CHAPTER IV. In Twilight Land. vor sne naa promisea to carry aiong to mr. Jameson, the Keeper of the Islands, some sort of liniment of strange and startling efficapy; and she Impatiently waited for dinner to be over, to be allowed to go. And of course the ever timorous mother would have her take one of the maids with her; and of course this Daughter of a thousand Thanes, who had an excellent opinion ,of her capacity to look after herself, would have none of such feeble escort. "For the sake of appearances, Eelin," said the gentle mother. "Appearances?" she retorted, " proudly. . "I wonder who is to be judge, bf the conduct.pf,any -Öhe' going out from this house! Mother,-mo ther," the; girl j., went on, "sometimes it:;almost makes me laugh-but just as often I am nearer crying with vexation-to see the way you submit to the airs and pretensions of the snobocracy of this town! ' You-you-with your cultivation^ and your'knowledge of foreign cities, and your friendship with famous people- you, to listen meekly to these provincial nobodies, and have never a word of protest when they presume upon you with their bourgeois prejudices, their empty opinions, and their parochial ideas of precedence and importance and showing off. 'The dear Prin cesses!' I don't believe any one of them ever saw a princess, except perhaps on a steamboat on the Caledonian Canal! And you! mother-you when they are inflating themselves before you why don't you quietly say to them, *I saw some thing of the Princesses when I was Maid of Honor to the Queen;' but of course they were.much youn ger then; only they don't forget old friends; and why don't you take them up to the wall of your own. drawing- room, and point to this water-color and that water-color with .their inscriptions, and again you could say, 'You see they don't forget old friends-'.' " "Eelln," said the mother,, half-laughing (but yet secretly Inclined to be just a little bit pleased over the fierce indignation of her champion), "if I were to do anything of that -kind, what would it be but self-assertion, and what ls self-assertion but the safest and surest mark.of the parvenu all over the world?" "Oh, but, mummie, you do allow yourself to be jumped on so completely--" "They might not find themselves so successful If they tried the operation on you, Eelln," the elder woman said, with a smile. At this the sea-blue black-lashed eyes were opened wide. "What are you talking about, mother? Me? But I am nobody! I am nobody and nothing. I am like themselves. I am stupid, and ignorant,, and provincial, like themselves; they can jump upon me if they choose. But it is you-it Is you, mother-when I see their presumption towards you-their thickheaded misunderstanding of your refinement, and your shy ways, and the gracious qualities that just make all the world of a differ ence between you and them- then my blood boils; and sooner or later-" - d "Yes-sooner or later?" said the Bean-an-Tig hearn, now laughing outright. "Sooner or later-when I see them imposing upon you with their affectations and gentilities, and professions of acquaintance with the fashion able world-well, I will'give them a word or two of enlightenment. Yes, I will. I will say to them, 'Do you know who my mother is?-do you know who you are talking to?' " "The grammar, Eelln!" "The grammar's good enough for them; it's the kind they're used to," she replied, disdainfully. "Although I suppose there Isn't one of them who wouldn't pretend to correct your reading of Dante -yes, and give you a few hints about Spanish as sonances-or be kind enough to tell you what was the proper way of addressing Her Majesty-" " "And now, my dear Whirlwind," said the slight silver-haired, gentle-mannered lady, rising from her place, "now that you have finished your tirade against the highly-respectable society of Invernish -not that you know anything whatever about the people, for you won't go. near them-" "I would go near them soon enough if they would treat you with proper consideration!" the girl exclaimed. ? . - "They are very good, kind, generous people generous to a fault, for they keep sending you in vitation after invitation,-and you always-make some excuse, and I have to go and leave cards for you. But now that your tirade is finished, I suppose you "have conclusively proved that you needn't take Agnes with you on your walk up to the Islands, .Very well. t Only you'd better he off at once. And don't stop talking to Mr. Jame son. And get home . well before dusk." And thus it was that when Eelin of the eyes like the sea-wave sallied forth from the house, she was alone; and this time she took her way up the river instead of down, making for. the Islands that He in mid-stream. ? But "it wasna to meet Dune ira's men"-no, nor yet any poet or provost's son. For she was an independent lass, was this one; and held her head right high. It was about eight o'clock, and the sun had set some twenty minutes before; but in these lati tudes there is an abundance of daylight at that hour, In the early part of August. All along the west, over the wooded hills, there reigned a golden afterglow, fair and peaceful, and serene, that had hardly anywhere a suggestion of cloud; but overhead in the pellucid blùe-grey there were a few saffron-tinted flakes changeless and mo tionless, their soft and steady fire seeming to say that they could see things unknown to the deni zens of this nether world-that they were looking out to the wild conflagration going pn among the Coolin peaks, and by the shores of Canna, and TJist, and Barra, and across the flaming waters of the Atlantic to the splendors of the horizon- line. Here, Indeed-all around her, as she went on be tween the open fields and the rowans and alders bordering the river-everything was quiet and tranquil, and inclined to become mystically palé. The glow from the west reflected on the broad bosom of the stream was of a soberer tone; and on the oily surface of the smoothly swinging-cur rent there were myriads of rapid, tremulous threads and streaks and touches of shadow, where the swift-changing ripples caught the opalescent blue of the zenith. The trees, too, seemed to be darkening somewhat; one could imagine a trace of spectral mist through and behind the heavy masses of foliage. It was daylight, but not day; there was something added-a something indefi nite, Illusionary; in the all-pervading hush and drawing on of the closing hours might not the cries of Little Isabel of the Bannocks come plain tively over from yonder heights? Well, it was not of Little Isabel of the Bannocks, nor yet of any golden- haired poet who might haunt these solitudes, that Eelin Macdonald was thinking as she left the hither side of the stream, and' crossed one small suspension bridge after ¡another, and followed the winding paths under the lofty trees and through the tangled brush wood of each successive island; It was rather of the superlative merits of the embrocation she car ried with her in her pocket; and when at length . she had reached the Keeper's cottage and when j she had accomplished her mission-in the brisk, common-sense, good-humored manner shes.could assume when she chose-then it was, and not till then, that she began to look a little at her sur roundings and consider what she should do next. The islands are very attractive, no doubt; and the Invernishlans are properly proud of such an in genious combination of. public park and, natural wilderness, of clear brown swirls and eddies undera the overhanging hazels and alders, and open and foaming white cataracts where artificial :. barriers divert the broad rush of the river. But then she had just come round from that direction ; and there might be a little variety in going along the other bank, and crossing by the big suspen sion bridge further down; moreover, there would be ample time for her to get home before dusk; and so, finally, without thought of harm-with out definite intention of any kind-she held on her solitary way. And for her, Indeed, it promised to be a suffi ciently solitary way. For though she was now facing towards the town, and had In sight about a mile of .both banks of the Nish, with the towa itself closing in the vista-the towers of the Cathedral, the bridges acroes the wide water, the scattered houses and gardens, and dominating . the whole the lofty Castle-hill with Its baronial - walls and parapets-and notwithstanding that the peaceful hour might have- been expected to tempt .the good folk out from their homes-there were remarkably few people to be seen- only a single figure, or a single couple, here or there in the distance. She recalled that afterwards. It waa a rather picturesque scene before her, but lt was almost an untenanted one. And this was how th» miracle of transformation ' came to be wrought. She was passing behind some trees and bushes about the last of them on this bank-when eh» suddenly heard one small boy call to another - "Here, Jock, Jock!-he's got a feesh!" She could not see the small boys ; but (unlesa one of them was a liar) she knew what had hap pened; so she Instantly pushed her way through the hazel branches and the still more perplexing; .briars, until she could look out and down upon the broad river. She had anticipated correctly. Some way out, and well over his waist in the water, was an elderly man, who, with a flat cap and tassel, anight have been taken for a1 Georgian schoolboy, or, with a diver's helmet, would have looked as If he had just come up from the 'bottom, so bulgy and capacious were tho India-rubber wadere that he wore up to his arm pits; and -the top of his salmon-rod was steadily; bent (no purve of beauty Invented by any artist of .old was ever half so beautiful as that curve): while he himself was struggling to back out of the heavy current, and yet not daring to detach his attention from the line. "Hold on to him, Fergus!" cried Wild Eelin, jeeringly,, for she plainly recognised his predica ment. He must have known her voice, he and Miss Eelin -being old and familiar friends; hut he pail no heed to her; he did not even turn his head when he had successfully made h's way ashore and warsled up on the grass. He had enough to occupy him. Most likely he had bsea fishing; this pool for several days, hour after iour, morn ing and evening, without getting a single rise. to his fly; and now that he had Induced one of th» ooy creatures to accept a Dunkeld, or a Silver. Doctor, or a Durham Ranger, he waa nat going to waste any of his thought on a laughing-eyed, saucy minx who had come along to look over hi« shoulder, as it were; especially at the beginning of the fight, when all was as yet uncertainty.. Now it ls to be observed that at the opening of these proceedings there were only four spectators that is to say, the fisherman, Fergus Dunn, the. daughter' of the House of Kinvalg, and two name less and bare-footed laddies. And the town waa a mile away; and it was past 8 o'clock; and the surrounding country had appeared deserted. And yet very, soon Miss Eelin, who could not help tarrying to witness this silent duel between Fergus and the fish, became dimly conscious that several- people had congregated. around her behind - her on the grassy bank and up on th« gravelled pathway; and every yard or two that the salmon retreated down the river, this unknown concourse, mysteriously augmenting itself every, moment, also moved forward. At first she gave the scattered crowd no heed, because it was mostly Invisible to her, and all her attention was con- . centrated on the point where the line touched the water; but presently this ever-increasing assem blage had extended up and down until it seemed to encompass the fisherman and his young com panion. Whence and whither had these people come, then, on this still, voiceless, vacant evening?. Had- tiley sprung out bf the bowels of the earth? There was a boil on the surface of the current. Boom! went a murmur of excitement through the mass of spectators. And yet truly this was but a poor- spirited fish; lt would not show any kind of fight; lt merely skulked at the bottom from Mme to time, and then again lt would fall down with the stream, making it a matter of cal culation as to how long lt would take to reach the sea. "A sluggish one, that, Fergus," said the girl, who was ¡following him. step by step. "Beggars maunna be choosers. Miss Eelin," re sponded iher f riend j salmon of any kind being prized in these waters. And meanwhile the small multitude, that had doubtless been perceived from the Castle-hill, had grown with. Incredible Timidity to à great multi tude-old anea Aaa £&us;£7 lassée and lads, ¡mes .age-boys, grave townsfolk, strangers in touiiet attire; why, even the nurses at the Infirmary opposite had come flying across the garden lo peer through the railings at the unwonted tur moil. All along the hanks and out on to the suspension bridge theee .eager swarms of folk clustered, with eyes glowering through the ga thering dusk at the oily breadth of river. It was a. nervous crowd,. expectant, quick to answer and warn and assert among its composite members; while even'the dogs had become quite excited by the generar ferment, and were careering hither and thither, yelping and barking. Then every newcomer-every unit added to the dense accu mulation-had to be informed; and had plenty of informants. .\\_ "Ifs only a sea-trout!" said "one, contemptu ously. He was a fool. - "It'e a twenty-pounder-I saw him maself when he jumped out of the watter!" another main tained, thinking, to gain importance. He woe a liar. "There's no half enough strain on the line!" «aid a third. He was a critic-aad a f>ol and a liar all comblaed. "Teach your grandmother! There's not a better fisherman than Fergus Dunn in the whole of In-* vcr ii isa -shire !" "Keep out o' the way there, you laddies!" "Haud back-haud back! Gie the man a chance!" "I'm sayin', will naebody ca' in they d-d doge!" This outburst of righteous indignation was addressed to the crowd at large by an irate old «arter, who appeared. to have gone half out cf his mind with sympathetic anxiety. "Ah-h! Look-look! There-there-there!"-a thousand exclamations broke forth simultaneously . when twice the sluggish salmon rolled over and showed itself on the surface; and then there.was an : all-absorbing scrutiny to see that the line still .held. . It was the strangest spectacle-none stranger'of its kind could be. found anywhere else in the Queen's dominions; the wan twilight gradually .coming over the castled hill, and the town, and the hanging woods, but leaving the wide stream of a curious metallic hue; the dark assemblage, clow-moving and murmuring; the nucleus of this ?nebulous gathering a little elderly man who was being steadily drawn down to the sea by a stub 'born fish, his companion a young girl who was ?either carried on, step by step, by the keenness of íaer interèst in the struggle, or who was too ¡proud to acknowledge the existence of this great .concourse surrounding her. Then came the thrill ing moment of the bridge; and when old Fergus ._ was seen to descend into the water again, to follow the fish underneath, there were further ex clamations. "The man'll drown himself!". "He canna hold back against that wecht o' watter!" "He'll be into a hole!" "Ach away! He kens every stone on the bottom as well's he kens the High- street!" "He canna fallow-it's no possible!" Indeed, it seemed a perilous exploit; for the ri ver was high, and here the confined current charged furiously through; but Fergus, cautiously groping with foot after foot, made on and on, ?until the mass of spectators over his head had to rush from one side of the bridge to the other. And still the tackle held; and still .the obdurate salmon, trusting solely to the weight of the stream, and not tiring itself by any dramatic nourishes, kept retreating - and retreating; and still the mystical twilight deepened all around, until here and there, through the gardens of the adjacent villas, the. golden star of some newly lit lamp trembled and gleamed. As for Wild Eelin, forgetful of time, place, and circumstances, the overpowering fascination of the pursuit held her captive; and old Fergus, who had returned to the bank after getting un-; derneath the bridge, addressed to her a word now and again, as if assuming she would not desert bim, but see out this adventure to the end. Be sides, there was an indescribable glamor, wit chery, diablerie about the scene all around her, now that the darkness was closing down; the sombre, half-silent assemblage seemed a phantas mal kind of thing; the spectral light on the wa ter appeared to come from no earthy source. Of a sudden there was a low cry from the crowd; the fish had shown itself again-even through that ashen glare on the surface of the current. "The white feather at last!" "Dod, he'd better take care. Fergus Dunn's cf ter 'm!" "The dour deevil-he'll be off yet!" And again he showed-this time sailing some what nearer the bank. Fergus took a firm stand -reeling up tight. By this time they were all of them down in the suburbs of Invernish, and servants at attic windows and their mistresses at front doors were straining their eyes out into the dusk, wondering at the tumult. At length, and unexpectedly, Fergus turned to his com panion. "Will ye take the rod, now, Miss Eelin?" There was hardly any opportunity for hesita tion, and she was a fearless kind of creature: the next second she had got the rod in her left band, and the fingers of her right hand on the reel; while old Fergus was creeping and crouch ing down by the water side, with a formidable , steel instrument in his grip. The hum of the people had almost ceased; they seemed to dread lest their talking-their very breathing-might work some mischief. Inch after inch Fergus crawled along; Eelln was putting on all the strain she dared; then there was a gradual giving in and giving in-her fingers busy with the reel as ii her very life depended on it; finally came a quick . stroke of the gaff, and the next moment the fish, in the fading light, was seen to be safe on the bank. The whole multitude seemed to give one sigh of relief and satisfaction, and the pent-up flood of excited talk broke loose, each man turn ing to his neighbor with a triumphant look, as ii he himself had been through the long contest and come out the happy victor. And now, for Miss Eelin, arrived the reaction. When she had surrendered the rod, and bade good night to Fergus,, she turned to set out foi home; and the crowd courteously made way foi her to pass. She -went back to the suspension bridge, which was now almost empty; she-crossed overdo the other side, and then she sped awa^ -. like a ghost through the crepuscular gloom. Thert was no longer any intoxicating eagerness of in terest, no proud disregard of bystanders, no wil ful self-reliance. A certain chilliness of reflec tion had supervened. There was an ominous question occupying her mind, and momentary assuming larger dimensions; and the questioz was this-What would the shy, gentle-natured decorous Bean-an-Tighearn think when told thai her daughter Eelin had acted as gillie for an ok fisherman, in full view of the assembled popu lace of Invernisk, to say nothing of the hotel tour ists from the south? Nay, Eelin herself could now recall (with a burning forehead) that at the very moment she took thc rod from old Fergus she distinctly heard one English stranger say to his companion, "Why, it's better than a theatre!" She would have liked to kill that man.^ Now amongst those who had made way to let her go through the crowd was a rather good-look ing young fellow-tall, fair-haired, with relined features, and somewhat timid eyes-who seemed considerably struck by her appearance. He^was daring enough-in the dim half-darkness no one could notice him-to let his regard follow her while she remained in sight. And then he turn ed to his neighbor-who was walting to see the ten-pounder tied head and tail. "Do you know who that young lady was?" he ventured to ask. The lad-who looked like a tradesman's mes senger, and doubtless was acquainted with every body-stared at his confession of ignorance. ... "That?" said he. "That was Miss Macdonald of Kinvalg!" 