TNI'' LI«HT THAT CAST JS'O SHADOW. vunous slories are (old about the powers posacpcd by certain nativaa of India, who live "n amn,u, tlle Hinml ^ anloiratain;B. These P- ,T".'| " is 5il'd. have cevoloci scores of ,'n' ' ? - . jand forces. . i 16 5il,u. have cevo M St"dj" of nntural la"A n . winch the rest ot t|le u.orid knows nothing >> .?,?»' i .?1le'5' a German professor visited the adopts, as t|lese neer Hindus are called, fill- thG purpose of tiudiner out the secret-r-f their leiri.iiksMn "",.r Thev treated their llcl.f(ll.manceF> They trPAtcd nun rather bcucvily, but interested him all the S3»».e. ('ne day the professor wanted to ex amine sonic ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with |,im to a cave wherein the books u ere ko),t. The nlaco was dark as the bottom of a wel] !ttrCa,|'t See fpad hflt'e,1' sa^ ^he v>3't°r* *|'ien wo will have ^>nio light, " was the vumimt,toM whence it came, out w,MW!u that it had one stramre finality-it cast not the slightest ifhatloir . '-I'liii is :i story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man 0f vast learningand higli character, and ymi wi10 now read it have no reason i0[ dnwlit except that all llio. lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbe lief cmtmumly nms parallel with one s own experience, br Johnson snilfed at the ac count of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tolo of the Cock Lana ghost. A man who has been ill for yeais, and failed to fin-.! a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well, What elsa but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example In ths spvinp uf 188S," writes our correspon dent, UI fell into a low, weak, and languid state I felt low-spirited and mvfc of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating r had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat np a sour fluid, also bitter bile, Later on I suffered mm: nervousness and great a£ pressiun of spirits. I kept up with l but had always u sense of discomfort. Oil ana on I continued in this way for two years, noth ing that I took relieving me. .At last 1 heard Mycm^and prpcured a supj 'ply. After 1 Bad taken only rrVesvxn^o*-'--J found relief: iny food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I hid no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it mcd I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In tho interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter 151, llockley Hill, Birmingham, June Sth, 1S93." There is a deal of difference between Sir. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter iray be true enough.but it caniiotbe verified without more trouble than its worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acls (u the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that univer sal disease-indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illnes and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And tliat. is why pejple believe all that is told ofits success by eager witnesses. 