TOLD BY A LIGHTHOUSE ASSISTANT. " My man, do you want a berth ?" said he. "Ave, aye, c.tpi>en,'' said I. "I want one badly. I'm half-starved and half- frozen." He made no answer, but just a sign to follow him, and be stalked away and I pegged after. l:im. He kept close along the shore as we walked, and lor a while be said nothing. At last, however, he turned and p?iutrd seaward. " You see thst said he. He indicated a lighthouse on a lonely rock. " I'm the keeper," said he. "I want you to co^k ray meals and keep my bachelor's hall foi me. Now and then I shall want you to row in Iml l.uy provisions. The work won't be hard, a think I he pay will suit you, Do you know why I chose you P " "No, cappen," said I. " Beceusc I saw that hope was at an end with you," he said. " It's only a man who had come to that who could live with me in a lighthouse." "I was on a desert island once," said I. "Aficr that I shan t be afraid of a lighthouse." I'd lictn in a lighthouse before; it was no new tiling to me but after I'd been there a few hours I wondered what m.v master hired me for. It was like being pensioned .off; there was nothing to do. But, mark ye, when it came night, and the wind began to moan about the lighthouse, and th'.' lami s were lit and all outside was black as pitch, and all the sound we heard wag the swash, swash, swash of the waves, my mister mixed some grog and called me to sit along with liiin. That looked sociable, but I can't say be did. Ho sat glowering over his glass for a while, and opening his mouth as if to speak, and shutting it again. Then said he : '. What's your name ?" 11 Ben Dare," said I. '! Would you mind calling yourself Brace?" he asked. " I've no reason to be ashamed of my name," said I. "Look here," said he, "I am a gentleman born mid bred. I never came to earning my bread before. I'm ashamed of it. This is what I mean. If »ny strangers come out here to ask Tor William Bnce, why, you can say you are the Dis [i. Y«ju claim to be-lighthouse-keeper. ItV <y>n't suppose ranch company «1V call, bill T!tn<gJEL^g«ihetp, if they d^That'il what I hired you tor. ! "Oh,"said I. ! " Yousee,"said he, "I got this place through a lich man who had influence. Those who gave it to me never saw me If I die some day,why, here you are in the place. If I go off, and I may, here you are still until then. I'll pay you well, and you know your duties." " Well, it's shamming,'1 said I, " but, after all, what docs one care what my name is, and what shall I call .vou ?" " Call me nothing," said he. " Call me Cap tain, as you did when I met you, but never speak of me to any one." (Jentleman or no, he wasn't lazy. He didn't care how he worked. The lamps were as bright as jewels.^ There wasn't a speck of dirt in the whole tower But let any boat come nigh us, away he ,went and hid himself, and came out with a white, scared'face and a shaking hand. At niglit he was afraid to go up to the lamps alone, and he'd look over his shoulder and turn white as we stood together. At last be took a new turn. He stood staring for awhile. Then he spoke to me in a low voice : " Brace, do you believe in ghosts ?" " I bavn't considered the question," I answered. " Well," said he, softlier than before, "look inle Uiat corner," and hu pointed. I looked. " Don't you see anything ?" he asked. " No," said I; " no, Cappen." "Ab," ho muttered, "very well, very well. I'tn glad you don't." But that wasn't nothing to what happened the very next night. We slept in two bunks . nigh each pther, and naturally when he woke up with a yell I woke, too. He was shrieking and shaking and wringing his hands. ?' Tho woman! the woman! " he said. " She stond her just now, all red with blood. It drip ped down the white ruffles. It dripped on her iiamls. Stop her! stop her! She has gone to rail t him. Stop her! stop her!" "Where did she go ?" I asked. He stared at me with his wide open eyes, all the white si.owing, below and above. "She couldn't have been here," Said he. "It was a dream." " Lord lave you-a nightmare," said I. So ivc went asleep again. But I heard of the woman so often after that that I grew used to her. The Cappen, as I called him, got to be woise »nd worse every day. I wanted to go Mil ore and fetch the doctor, but be would not hi ar of it He raved if I tried to leave him. At last tliere came a hot, hot night in Juno. II was burning hot all day, and a dead calm at night. About dark the Cappen went to steep, pr.it I went and sat wlitra I could see the water i n't the lights ashore. It was so clear that I (ould hear the sailors in a Spanish ship moored not far away siugit'g in their foreign lingo. And I was sort of quiet and dreamy like, when nonuthing happened that waked me mighty widn am) Hidden. Something was standing on the steps I'ftlow ine, something came toward me.' It was a little slender figure, with longhair nil about its shoulders. I couldn't see its face.: I don't think I really saw it plaiuly at all. But it went p?st mo softly while I looked, and I knew it was a woman in a white ruffled gown,: and th.it she had gone to the room where n»y master lay. I shook too hard for a moment to movo ; but as soon as I could I started up to go! io Liin. Just then a voico cried : ! '' Lighthouse, ahoy!" I : ii>werid, "Aye, aye,1' and stopped a bit. Duty firpl of all things with a sailor. A t lay .-t the foot of the steps, and four, men jumped out of it. : "We want William Brace, keeper of this iightlic.usc(" .'aid one, a big man in alinenover C'.st. " I'm one that answers to the name," says I.' He swun.; a lant< rn over my bead. " Search the place, my men," sBid he. Then rent no use saying anything, but I did' try to Mop them. " I've got i sick friend aloft," says I. " Vo'.i't disturb him. I'm afraid the woman will sL-eer him anyhow, he's so low." " Whi't woman ? " sud he. '.The one that came aboard with you, si;, said I. " No woman came witli us," he snarled. "Stand aside. Men, do your duty." They went ui stiiis. I followed.' I saw them walk into the Cappen's room. I heard them c>y out and stand still. When I got to the Aim- tiny stood in a row looking down on the bed. I hoked, too. Man nor woman couldn't frighten the Cappen more. He was de.-:il. " What had he (lore ?" I asked the officer, '. Killed his Wife." said he, " that's all. No doubt sLe di served it; but it's not allowed by law n lien t!;cy do." " God help him," said I. 