The Christian. FOURTH BOOK.—Sanctuary. XIII. BY HALL CAINE. Author of "The Manxman." Returning to St. James's-street, Drake found John Storm waiting in his rooms. The men had changed a good deal since they last met, and the faces of both showed suffering. - " Forgive me for this visit," said Storm. *' It was my first duty to call and thank**y.ou for what you've done." "That's nothing—nothing at all," said Drake. " I had also another object. You'll know what that Is." Drake bowed his head. " She is gone, it seems, aud there is no trace left of her." " None." " Then you know nothing ?" 44 Nothing. And you V" " Nothing whatever." Drake bowed his head again. "I knew It was a lie—that she had gone after, you. 1 never believed that story." "Would to God she had !" said Storm fervently, and Drake flinched, but bore himself bravely. " When did she go ?" "Two days ago, apparently." " Has anybody looked for her ?" " I have—every where—every where. I can think of. But this London-*—" ** Yes, yes, 1 know, I kuow J" • *• For two days I have never rested, «nd all*1 last night " „ Storm's eyes were watching the twitchlngs of, Drake's face. He had been sitting uneasily on his chair, and now he rose from it. " Are you going already ?" said Drake. " Yes," said Storm. Then in a husky voice he added, " I don't know if we shall ever meet again, you and I. When death breaks the link that binds people •' For God's sake don't say that!" " But it is so. isn't it ?" " Heaven knows ! Certainly the let ter she left behind—the letter to Rosa .... Poor child, she was such a creature of joy—so bright,, so brilliant! And then to thiuk of her ... I was much to bhuy«\ I <aine between you. But if I had oucc realised " Drake stopped, and the men fixed their eyes on each other for a moment and theu turned their heads away. " I'm afraid I've done you a great in justice, sir," said Storm. " Me ?" "** " I thought she was only your toy, your plaything. But perhaps" (his voice was breaking) " perhaps you loved her too." Drake answered almost inaudibly, -" With all my heart and soul!" . . " Then—then we have both lost her ?" \- "Both." s There was silence for a moment. The hands df the two men met and clasped and parted. . " 1 must go," said Storm, and he moved across the room with a look of utter weariness. " But where are you going to ?" " I don't know—anywhere—nowhere —It doesn't matter now." .-"Well " " Good night." ra ' " Good night." Drake stood at the door below until .the slow uncertain footsteps bad turned the corner of the street and died away. i John Storm was sure now. Over (Whelmed by hl« own disgrace, ashamed of his downfall, and perhaps with a sense of her own slime in it, Glory had destroyed herself. Strange contradiction ! Much as he had hated Glory's way of life, there .came to him at the moment a deep re morse at the thought that he had been the means of putting an end to it. And ./then her gay and happy spirit clouded •by his own disasters ! Her good name 'stained by association with his evil one! •Her pure soul Imperilled by his sin and fall! t But it was* now very late, and he be gan to ask himself where he was to sleep. At first he thought of his old quarters under the church, and then he told himself that Brother Andvvw Mould be gone by this time, and that every thing connected with the parish must toe transferred to other keeping. Going by a hotel In Trafalgar-square, he stepped in and asked for a bed. * " Certainly, nh\" said the clerk, who was polite nnd deferential. " Can I have something to eat too ?" " Coffee-room to the left, sir. Lug gage coining, sir ?" " I have no luggage to-night," he an swered, and then he saw that the clerk looked at him doubtfully. The coffee-room was empty, and only half lit up, for dinner was long over, and the business of the day was done. John was sitting at his meal, eating his food with his eyes down and hardly conscious of what was going on around, when he became aware that from time to time people opened the room door and looked across at him, then whis pered together and passed out. At length the clerk came up to him with awkward manners and a look of con straint. "I beg your pardon, sir, but—are you Father Storm V" John bent his head. " Then I'm sorry to say we cannot ac •commodato you—we dare not. We must request you to leave." John rose without a word, paid hi 3 b.ll, nn<l nil in.- placo But where was he to go to ? What house would receive him ? If one hotel refused him all other hotels in London would do the-same. Then he remem bered the shelter which he had himself established for the undeserving poor. The humiliation of that moment was terrible. But no matter. He would drink the cup of God's anger to the dregs. The lamp was burning in the clock tower of the Houses of Parliament, and as John passed by the corner of Palace yard two Bishops came out in earnest conversation and walked on In front of him. "The State and the Church are as the body and soul/ said one. " and to separate them would be death to both." " Just that/ said the other, " nnd therefore we must fight for the Church's temporal possessions as we should con tend for her spiritual rights, and so these Benefice Bills " The shelter was at the point of clos ing, and Jupe was putting out the. lamp over the door as John stepped up to him. " Who is it ?" said Jupe in the dark. " Dou't you know me, Jupe ?" said John. " Father Jawn Storm !" cried the man In a whisper of: fear. " I want shelter for the night, Jupe. Can you put me up anywhere V" " You, sir ?" The man was staggered, and the long rod in his hand shook like a reed. Then he began to stammer something about the Bishop and the Archdeacon, and his new orders and instructions ; how the shelter had been taken over by other authorities, and he was now " But d it all!" he said, stopping suddenly, putting his foot down firmly, and wagging his head to right and left like a man making a brave resolution, " I'll tyke ye in, sir, and heug it!" It was the bitterest pill of all, but John swallowed it and stepped into the house. As he did so he was partly aware of some tumult in a neighbour ing street, with the screaming of men \- and women and the barking of dogs. The blankets had been served out for the night, and the men in the shelter were clambering up to their bunks. In addition to the main apartment, there was a little room with a glass front, which hung like a cage near to the ceil ing at one end, and was entered by a circular iron stair. This was the keep er's own sleeping- place, and Jupe was making it ready for John, while John himself sat waiting with jthe look of a crushed and humiliated man, when the tumult in the street came nearer, and at last drew up in front of the house. " Wot's thet ?" the men risked each other, lifting their heads, and Jupe came down and went to the door. When ac retui'iiod his face was white, the sweat Jiur.fc .n. his forehead, and a . iiembl'ng shook his whole body. " For Gawd'a sake, Patfrer. leave the house at onct !" he whispered in great agitation. " There's a gang outside as'll pull the place dahn if I keep you." There was silence for a moment, save for the shouting outside, and then John said with a sigh and a look of resigna tion, " Very well, let me out then," and he turned to the door. ••""Not that wy, sir; this wy," said Jupe, and at the next moment they were stepping into a dark and Barrow lane at the back. 'JTurn to the left when ye get ter the bottom, Father—mind ye turn ter the left." But John Storm had scarcely heard him. Hte heart had failed him at last. He saw the baseness and ingratitude of the people whom he had spent himself to relieve and uplift and succour and comfort, and he repented himself of the hopes and aims and efforts and suffer ings which had come to this bankruptcy in the end. "My God, my God, why hast Thou forsaken me ?" Yes, yes, that was U, that waß it! It was not this poor vile race merely, this stupid and ungrateful humanity—it was God I God used one man's ignorance and another man's anger and another man's hatred and another man's spite, aud worked out His own ends through it all. And God had rejected him, re fueed him, turned a deaf enr to his prayer and his repentance, robbed him of friends, of affection, of love, and cast him out of the family of. man ! Very well! 'So be it ! What should he do? He would go back to prison and say. " Take me again ; there is no ncni left for me in the world. I am alone, and my heart Is dead within me." He was at the end of the dark lane by this time, and- forgetting .Tupe'a warning, and seeing a brightly-lighted street running off to his right, he swung round to it and walked boldly along. This was Old Pye-etreet, and he had come to the corner at which it opens into Browns- square, when his absent mind became conscious of the loud bay iug of a dog. At the next moment tho dog was at his feet, bounding about him with frantic delight, leaping up to him as if t?yiug to kiss him, and uttering lncanvrhfle stlie most tender, the most true, the meet pitiful cries of love. It was his own dog, the bloodhound Don. His unworthy thoughts were chased away at the sight of this one faithful friend remaining, and he was stooping to fondle the great creature, to pull at the long drapery of 'its ears and the pendulous, folds of its glorious forehead, when a short sharp cry caused him to lift his head. " Thetj's .'lm !" solid somebody, and then he was aware that a group of men with evil faces had gathered round. He knew them In a moment ; the publican with his bandaged head, Sharkey. who had served hie time and been released from prison, and Pincher and Hawkins, who were out on ball. They had all been drinking. The pubjjenn, who car ried a stick, was drunk, and the knocker up waa staggering on a crutch. Then came a hideous scene. The four men began to taunt John Storm, to take off their hats and bow to him In mock honour. ') His lordship, I believe !" said one. " His reverend lordship, if you please !" said another. " Leave me, for God's sake leave me!*' eafd John. But their, taunts became more and more menacing. " Wot abar,t the end ur the world, Father ?" " Didn't ye tell me to sell my bit uv biziness ?" "And didn't ye say you'd cured me ?—and look at me now!" "Don't, I tell you, don't !" cried John, and he moved away. ' They followed and began to push him. Then he stopped and cried in a loud voice of struggle and agony, " Do you want to raise the devil in me? Go home, go home !" But they only laughed and renewed their torment. His hat fell off and he snatched at it to recover it. In doing so hte hand struck somebody in the face. "Strike a cripple, will ye?" said the publican, and he raised his stick and struck a heavy blow on John's shoulder. At the next moment the dog had leapt upon the man and he was shrieking on the ground. The knocker-up lifted Ms crutch, and with the upper end of It he battered at the dog's brains.. "Stop, man, stop, stop! 'Don,' 'Don'!" But the dog held on, and the man with the crutch continued to strike* at it until Pincher, who had run to the other side of the street, came back with a clasp knife and plunged it into the dog's neck. Then with a growl and a whine and a pitiful cry the creature let go its hold and rolled over, and the publican got on to his feet. It was the beginning of the end. John Storm looked down at the dog in its deatb-fnroes, and all the devil in 1113 ITeart came up and mastered him. There was a shop at the corner of the square, and some heavy chairs were standing on the pavement. He took up one of these and swflng it round him like a toy, and the men fell on every side. By this time the street was in commo tion, and people were coming from every court, and yard and alley crying, "A madman!" "Police!" "Lay hold of him !" " He'll kill somebody!" "Down with him!' John Storm was also shouting at the top of hie voice, when suddenly he felt a dull stunning pain, without exactly knowing where. Then he felt himself moving up, up, up. He was in a train, the train was going through a tunnel, and the guards were screaming. Then It was hot,"and the next moment it was cold, and still he was floating, floating. And then he saw Glory, he heard- her say something ; and then he opened his eyes, and 10, the dark sky was above him, and some women were speaking In agitated voices over his face. " Who is it ?" " It's Father Storm. The brutes, the beasta ! And the pore dog, too!" " Oh, dear ! Where's the p'llce ? What are we goin' ter do with 'iin, Aggie?" " Tyke 'im to my room, thet's what.'' Then be heard Big Ben strike 12, and then. . . . It wasjijong, long journey, and the tunnel seemed to go on and on. XIV. Half-an-hour afterwards there came to the door of the orphanage the single loud thud that Is the kuock of the poor, Au upper window was opened and a tremulous voice from the street below, cried, " Glory! Miss Gloria!" It was Agatha Jones. Glory hastened downstairs and found the girl in great agitation. One glance at her face lv tue candle-light seemed to tell all. "You've seen him?" . j " Yes ; he's hurt —he's " " Be calm, child ; tell me everything," sakl- Glory, and Aggie delivered her message. Since leaving Holloway Father Storm' had been followed and found by means of the dog. The crowd had set on him and knocked him down and injured him. He was now lying in Aggie's room. There had been nowhere else to take him to, for the men had disap peared the moment he was down, and the women were afraid to take him in. The police had come at last, and they were now gone for the doctor. Mrs. Pincher was with the Father, and the poor dog was dead. Glory held her hand over her heart while Aggie told her story. "1 follow you," She said. *' Did you tell him I was here ? Did he send you to fetch me ?" " He didn't speak," said Aggie. " Is he unconscious ?" " Yes.* 11 I'll go with you at once." >Hnrrying across the streets by Glory*« side Aggie apologised for her room again. " I down't live thet wye now^ you know," 'she said. "It may seem strange to you, but while my little boy was alive I coujdn't go into the street* to save my life—l cohldn't do it. And when 'is jjore father died .lahst week " The stone stairs to the tenement house were thronged with women. They stood huddled together in groups like sheep in a storm. There was not a man any where visible, except a druukeu sailer was coming down from an upper story whistling and singing. The wo men silenced him. Had he no feelings? "The doctor's come, Sister," said a woman standing by Aggie's door. Then Glory entered the room. The. poor disordered place was lit by a cheap lamp which threw splashes of light and left tracks of shadow. John lay on the bed, muttering words that were Jnaudible. His coat and waistcoat had been removed and his shirt was open at tne neck. The high wall of hi* forehead was marble white, but his cheeks were red and feverish. One of hie ornis lay over the side of the bed, and Glory took it up and held it. Her great eyes were moist, but she did not cry, and neither did she speak or move. The doctor was bathing a wound at the back of the head, and he looked up and nodded as Glory entered. At the other side of the bed an elderly woman in a widow's cap was wiping her eyes with, her apron. When the doctlor was going away Glory followed him to the door. " Is he seriously injured, doctor ?" "Very." The doctor was a young man—quick, brusque, and emphatic. " Not dange " " Yes. The brutes have done for him, nurse, though you needn't tell his friends so." " Then—there is—no chance—what ever ?" "Not a ghost of a chance. By the way, you might try to find out where his friends are, and send a line to them. I'll be here in the morning. Good night." Glory staggered back to the room with her hand pressed hard over her heart, and the young doctor, going downstairs two steps at a stride, met a police ser geant and a reporter coming up. "Cruel business, sir." " Yes, but Just one of those things that can't easily be brought home to anybody." " Sad, though." " Very sad." The short night seemed as if it would never end. When daylight came the cheerless place was cleared of its refuse. —Its withered rose, its cigarette ends, and its heaps of left-off clothing. To wards 8 o'clock Glory hurried back to the orphanage, leaving Aggie and Mrs. Pincher in charge. John had been mut tering the whole night through, but he had never once moved, and he was still unconscious. * : "Good morning, Sister." ; "Good morning, children.'* The little faces,.fresh and bright from sleep, were waiting for their breakfast- When the meal was over Glory wrote by, express to Mrs. Callender and to the Father Superior of the Brotherhood, then put on her bonnet and cloak and turned towards Downing-street. The Prime Minister bad held an early, Cabinet Council that morning. It was observed by his colleagues that he look ed depressed and preoccupied. When; the business of the day was done He rose to his feet rather feebly and, said: i "My Lords and Gentlemen,—l hard long had it in mind to say something something of importance, and I feel the Impulse to say it now. We have been doing our best with legislation affecting the Church to give due reality and true life to'its relation with the State. Bur the longer I lire the more I feel that fMat relation Is iv itself a false one, In* jurlous and even dangerous to botu alike. Never iv htetory, so far as I know, ami certainly never within my own experience, has it been possible to maintain the union of Church and State .without frequent adultery and corrupt tion. The effort to do so has resulted in manifest Impostures in sacred things, 3n ceremonies without spiritual signifi cance, and In gross travesties of the solemn worship of God. Speaking of our own Church, I will not disguise my toelief that, but for the good and true men who are always to be found within Jts pale, it could not survive the frequent disregard of principles which- lie deep an the theory of Christianity. Its epicu reanism, its regard for the interests of the purse, its tendency to rank the ad ministrator above the apostle, are weeds that spring up out of the soil of its mar riage with the State. And when I think of the anomalies and inequalities of its internal government, of its count less poor clergy and of ite lords and princes, above all, when I remember its apostolic pretensions and the certainty that he who attempts to live within the iJhurch the real life of the apostles will Incur the risk of that martyrdom which It has alwaj'a pronounced against Inno vators, I cannot but believe that the con sciences of many churchmen would be glad to be relieved or a burden of State temptation which they feel to be hurtful arid intolerable—to render unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's and to God the things that are God's. Be that as it may, I have now to tell you that, feeling this question to be paramount, yet despairing of dealing with it in the few years that old age has left to me, 1 have concluded to resign my office. It Is for some younger statesman to fight tnlis battle of the separation between tUe spiritual and the temporal in the interests of true religion and )rue civi lisation. God grant he may be a Christian man, and God speed and bless him !"• The Cabinet broke up with many un wonted expressions of affection for the old leader, and many requests-that he should " think again" over the step he contemplated. But every one knew that he had set his heart on an impossible enterprise, and every one felt that be hind it lay the painful Impulse of an Incident reported at length in the news papers that morning. (To be concluded.) 