Recent High Anglican flanuals. By Rev. F. C. Boyer. No. III. The Object of this Paper. In two previous papers I have shown how utterly Romish is the teaching of the High Church party, which now predominates in the Church of England, concerning 'the Church' of Jesus Christ, the so-called ' Apostolic Succession,' and the Rule of Faith. In this paper I shall adduce samples of current High Church teaching (my quotations being principally from the six High Anglicau manuals already named, three of which are for the guid ance of adults and three for the instruc tion of children), upon other subjects of high, some of them of the very highest importance. It will be found that High Church doctrine is as intensely Romish ? with respect to these as regarding those already, dealt with. Concerning the Sacra The ments, High Church in Sacraments. struction runs as follows : The Sacraments are to be regarded as effectual signs of grace. I mean that the Sacraments effect what they signify.' (Cat. of Cath. lleli g. , p 116). The Sacraments lift us out of our natural state, and place vs in ?and Tteej) us in a xtywriuilural state — the state of qraee. (Cath ,Relig., p 255) Unlike Protestauts, who hold two, but again like the Roman Catholic Church, High Anglicans teach that there are seven sacraments, the names of which ?tell their own tale : — ' There ave seven Sacraments in the Holy 'Catholic Church.' 'The names of the seven Sacraments are: Holy Baptism, Confirmation, Holy Eucharist, Pcnance, Extreme Unction, Holy Orders, and ?Matrimony.' (Spencer Jones'' . Catechism, p48). ; 'Are all the Sacraments equal ? No ; some , Sacraments have always been thought greater than others.' ' The greatest.', Sacraments are Holy Baptism and Holy Eucharist.': (Ibid, JP -*8). Baptismal ^nder the heading 'of I Regener- -baptism , Ave find the ation. pernicious Romish dogma of Baptismal Regenera tion|distinctly inculcated : — ' ' By Baptism all sin, original and actual, is washed away, and the recipient is made a mem ber of Christ, the child of God, and an inheritor ?of the Kingdom of Heaven ? Our Lord bids us regard Holy Baptism as the new birth.' (Catech's.n of Catholic Religion, p 1 IS). 'Every person who has been rightly bap tised has, through the Spirit, bejn born again.' ?(Catholic Religion, p 332). ' When were you made a Christian ? When I was baptised.' ' Can anyone become a Christian without baptism ?' No (Gace's Catechism, p 2). Concerning the Lord's The Lord's Supper, or, as they i refer Supper. to call it, ' The Euchar istic Sacrifice,' High Church doctrine goes to the length not merely of I'eing Romish, but of being identical with the teaching of the Church of Rome, even the absurd dogma of Transubstantiation being distinctly taught, and a return to the Romish name of 'Mass' being advocated. The Romish ' adoration of the Host,' however, is inculcated, and people are instructed that by 'the Eucharistic Sacrifice,' or ' Mass,' souls in the intermediate stale are benefited. 'The Holy Eucharist is to be regarded as a sacriiice and as a feast upon a sacrifice. The Body and Blood of Christ arc first offered to the Eternal Father; and then partaken of by the priest- and the communicants.' (Catechism of Catholic Iteligioil, p 121). ' The Real -Presence in the Eucharist is' brought about by the use. of our Lord's words of consecration by a bishop or priest through the .action of the Holy- Ghost. Our Lord's: words are, 'This is my-body. ?. ' This is my, blood.' ' (Catechism, of the Catholic, Religion, p 124). ; ; Communicants arc instructed 'to bow the head' iii the prayer of Consecration in the Communion. Service., when the-, priest says. ' This is my body.' etc:, in order to worsh ip and adore our Lord Jesus ... Christ, .iov then His Body and His Blood are present on the altar under the form o£ Bread and Wine.' (Guide to Heaven, p 13). ? . ? In connection with St. - Saviour's ' Cathedral,; Goulburn,.s children have ,-, been taught quite recently from a High Church 'mamial entitled ' The Eucharist for Children' (until under the. force ot: public exposure the book .was with drawn) in which manual we read the following : 'I worship and adore Thee,, 0. Lord-. Jesus, I adore Thy Body, Thy Soul, and Thy Divinity,. Thy Flesh- and Thy llodd , truly present in this Saaraiiient.' Yet again, 'During this Gloria be very attentive: and reverent, for remember that the Lord .Testis is present upon the altar'. The prayer of consecration, it is taught, ' is the most solemn act in this great service, by which the bread and wine become, through the power of the Holy Ghost, who is God Almighty, ' verily and indeed ' the body .and ? blood of Jesus Christ.' (Guide to Heaven, p 98). The body and blood present are that same body and blood which were conceived by the Holy Ghost, born of - the Virgin Mary, suffered under Pontius Pilate, ascended into heaven.' (Dr. Littledale's Tract;. 'The Real Presence').- The bread and wine have been made by God the Holy Ghost^ih the /prayer 'of consecration the true and real Body 'and Blood of our Lord Jesus Christ. (Guide tO:Heaven, p 66).. ' That souls in' the intermediate state are benefited by the Eucharistic Sacrifice, has always been believed in the Church.' (Catho lic Religion, p 270). ? One of the High Cnurcli Manuals of instruc tion before me openly advocates (what, this being their teaching, common honesty demands) the re-adoption in the Church of England of the Romish name for the Eucharist, The. Jlass. (Catholic Religion, p 279-272). As regards the Forgive Forgiveness ness of Sins, these High of Sins. Churchmen teach as fol lows : — . ' The forgiveness of sins is to be obtained in the Chuich. St. Augustine said, ' Sins are forgiven in the Church' in three ways; in Baptism, in Prayer, in Penanee' (Catechism of Catholic Religion, p 99)., ; The following instruction is given to | young and old as regards confession to a priest : — ' The fifth precept of the Church bids us to receive the Sacrament of the Body and Blood of Christ 1 at least three times in : the year;' and if unable to do so with a quiet: mind to open our grief in confession before a learned and discreet priest.' (Catechism of Catholic Religion, p 114). : The following is inculcated as a. proper ' Form of Confession to a Priest':— 'I confess to God the Father Almighty, to His only begotten Son : Jesus Christ, and to God the Holy Ghost,, before the whole company of heaven, and to you my father, that I have , sinned exceedingly in thought, word, and deed. ' ' . ' Especially I confess that I have committed these sins, (after naming his sins, the penitent: will conclude the confessionhuith the words, J — For these and al I my other sins which ' I cannot no w remem ber, I am heartily sorry, I firmly purpose^ amendment, I most humbly'ask pardon of God ; and of you, my spi ritual father, 1 beg for penanee, advice . and absolution.' (Cath. Relig., p 293). ' It is only upon such private confession that the soul. i can receive ; the direct assurance of pardon which 'Christ Jesus empowers the priest to pronounce.' ? (Ibid., p 293). : The ministry of remitting sins Priestly -.-rests - with the -? bishops' and Absolution PriGst3 of the Church. . ' . . ADsoiution. (ind the Chm.ch-s mosfc solemn form of absolution in the order for the visitation of the sick. Repeat this iorm of of absolution ? Our Lord Jesus Christ who hath left power to His Church to absolve ill sinners who truly repent, and believe in Him, of His great mercy forgive thee thine sffences : and by His authority committed to me, I absolve thee from all thy sins, in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' (Catechism of Catholic Religion, p 129). Prayers ^he following are samples for the ®gh Church instruc Dead tion regarding prayers for the dead : — ' It is right to prayfor the faithful departed.' (Catechism of Catholic Religion, p 98)... . ' Do we pray for the. dead'?.. Yes ; and we believe that they pray for us.!' Spencer Jones' Catechism, p 25). ? ' The following prayer 'is taught ' May the souls, of the Faithful ^Departed, especially those rle.ar to me, through the mercy of God, rest in peacc. Amen.' (Guide to -Heaven, p 19). One manual advocates the, re-insertion in the calendar of ' the .commemoration! -of- 'the faith ful departed on' Al/ Saints' ' Day,' , and adds significantly— ' The offering of the Eucharistic Sacrifice for 'the re.posc,of the departed will form the prominent ieatui'e in such observance.' (Catholic Rgiigioii{!jj^3tf9)-.''' ... By way of climax, I may Intercession -add that on these manuals of Saints. High Churchmen, like Romanists, instruct their people to invoke the prayers of saints, especially of the Virgin Mary : — It is right to believe that the saints gone before pray for us. It follows that it is lawful to ask God to grant us a place in the prayers of the saints ' (Cat. of Cath. llelig., p 98.) People are taught to offer the following prayeiy — '' Grant..to me, O God, a share in the prayers of ' the Blessed Virgin '-Mavy and all Thy saints. (Guide to Heaven, p 17). In my next and last paper 1 shall ask and answer the question, ' What does, all this mean ?' 