MEN AND WOMEN. What did tho Queen say to Princo Henry when he paid her a visit the other day, beforo de parting on his missionary enterprise in tho Far East? According to a story which bns gono tho round of naval circles in Portsmouth slnco Princo Henry passed through on his return from Osborne, tho Queen greeted him with the words, "My dear grandson, don't kill all tho 'poor Chinese." Tho Prince, according to the story, thoroughly colored Into the spirit of tho thing, and repeated his grandmother s play ful remonstrance with much satisfaction. Prince Arthur, the son of the Dtiko ot Con- naught, is the fag of tho son of Mr. W, W, Astor at Eton. That, at all events, Is tho statement of tho Now York "Herald," which declares Lhat "tho rag In un English school Is little more than a slave." and that au American boy Is practically lord and master ot Queen Victoria s favorite grandson." Young Astor, however, It Is gratifying to learn, is "not 11 hard taskmaster, and the Princo has an easy time ot it compared with other little boys who aro obliged to do fag duty." In order to prove just what this connection is, tho "Herald" quotes from 'Tom Brown," and adds that tbo fag's master has tho right to chastise him across the shoulders with a stick if he declines obedience, anil if that la not sufficient to reduce him to subjection I10 Is sent up to the headmaster tor a birching. This is a vcrv pretty story; but (a Loudon paper says) It is declared, by those who are In a posi tion to know! the facts, lo bo 'absurd. The death of Prlncoss Hohcnloho, the wife of the German Chancellor, is widely lamented. Hot charities ill Germany, Russia, and France wero most munificent, and sho responded generously to every appeal 011 behalf of a good object. 1 1 in- cess Hohcnloho was a woman ot remarkable char- actor nnd ability, with a fine taste in art and literature, full of tact and finesse, nnd noted for tho brightness of her table-talk. Sho was very fond of sport, and usually joined tho Prince s hunting expeditions, being herself an exception ally good shot. Princess Hohcnlohe was the daughter ot Princo Ludwig of Sayn-Wittgenstoln, and sho had a very large fortune; while a few years ago she inherited tho vast Russian estates of her brother, Princo Peter, besides large pro perties Iu Westphalia and In Brittany. Mr. Frederic Harrison's New Year's address to tho Positlvist Society, whether one agrees with It or not, is always worth reading. This year (says the "Westminster Budget") lie dealt with the decline of agnosticism and the rise of an ethi cal religion, and then lio referred to the engineer ing struggle. Deploring the present position of the Amalgamated Society, lie argued that Its col lapse would ho a national disaster, as tho re pression of trades-unionism would tend to en courage militant sociulism. Iu tho name of pru dence, honesty, and patriotism I10 deprecated Bri tish conquest in China, pointing out that exten sion of our possession would increase tho appar ent necessity for national conscription, and strengthen tho possibility ot au attack on our Empire. Rogers said — "To anyone who has reached a very advanced age a walk through tho streets ot London Is like a walk in a cemetery." That seems to havo been tho feeling of Sir Algernon West, who In tlio January "Nineteenth Century" gives an accounl of a stroll westward, in tho course of which ho rc-peoples tho houses and streets with those who have gone. Of the Club, which originally in 1S51 met in Robert Morlor's rooms in Bond-street, bo writes: — "Horc I havo seen Tom Hughes, of Rugby renown, smoking ills old pipe, nnd George Barrlngton his cigarette; Laurenco Oliphant, just back from the Lake of Tiberias; Browning, Tennyson, between whom no spark of jealousy existed ; MiHais, and Thackeray, who never took in tile Bplrit of the place when ho said. 'Here everybody is, or is supposed to ho, a celebrity. Nobody over says anything worth hearing, and everybody goes there at midnight with a white choker to appear as if I10 had been dining with tho aristocracy.' " These, Sir Al gernon truly says, aro to the present generation only ghosts— simulacra. "On what shore tarry tlicy now?" Thero is an interesting interview with Marie Corclll in the January "Lady's Realm." It con- talus the following letter, written by the late laureate in acknowledging the receipt of a copy of' Miss Corelli's story, "Ardath": — "Aldworth, llasiemere, Surrey. Dear Madam, — I thank you very heartily for your kind letter and your gift of 'Ardatli,' il remarkable work and a truly power- fill creation. You do well. In my opinion, not to care for fame. Modern fame is too often a crown of thorns, and brings all tho coarseness and vul garity of tho world upon you. I sometimes wish I had never written a line. — Yours, Tennyson." The papers havo boon full of stories of the late Sir Henry HaveloeU-Allan- - A eant.t'iliutor to tho "Daily News" speaks of the deceased general as a horscmun. Ho was an exquisite horseman, and his Arab and himself were almost as well known in the West End us the Nelson Column or tho Duke of Wellington's Statue. It was Sir Henry's boast lhat ho could make his Arab, like tho British army, "go anywhere and do any thing"; and thero Is a well authenticated story of llow one day, mounted upon his horse, he called upon a friend, who received him frotu an upper window, with the remark, "I'll be down in a moment." "Oh, don't trouble to come down," » Urt LUU VJL'UCltll O ifljMj, L (t LUUIU M)' IA> )Utl| and ho set his steed at tho slops, and In a moment was iu the hall, and would undoubtedly liavo ascended to tlio drawing-room. On ono occasion he and ills Aral) got into sore troublo by Sir Henry, intentionally or otherwise, laying himself across the head of the column of a Hyde Baric demonstration. Fifty thousand men were in that column, and Sir Henry's troublo seemed lo be that ho could not make his way across from one point to another unless tho column halted. This the column refused to do, and Sir Ilenry wheeled round as if to charge them The police, however, benevolently Inter posed and stopped tlio column (which tho action of tho General undoubtedly checked), so that tho latter might go peaceably on his .way. Sir Henry I-Iavelock-AIIan was a man of her culean strength, though very lightly and grace fully built. He had a constitution of Iron, and it was his pleasure during tho brigade drill ot the regiment which ho commanded 111 the north to sloep under canvns. In the morning lio took his hatli in tlio open, and never thought of dressing until lie had received his orderlies' reports, and had transacted a good deal of regimental business. He loved sleeping under canvas much boLter than Bleeping in tho house. On Jubilee morning ho awoko lo find himself u G.C.B., quite to his own surprise, a fact which goes to prove thai honor is not always conferred wltli tho previous consent of the reclpiont. Sir Honry told tho writer thut ho liatl intended to join Ills fellow-members oil tho House stand In tho garb of ail English gentle man, but with this now honor thick upon him I10 found it incumbent lo pay lits personal respects to her Majesty in tho familiar scarlet of au English General of tho Lino. Lord Kelvin, who is 1111 Intlmato friend of tho IJuko of Argyll, and whb his host when ills Graou was so suddenly seized with illness two years ago in Glasgow, has delighted his Grace by refuting those who demand indefinite aeons 11s tho ago of tho carLli, in order to suit their own theories. Lord Kelvin, writing to tho Duke of Argyll a fortnight ago, oxprossod the opinion thai tlio utmost length which can ho allowed stneo the cooling of llio earth Is 25,000,000 years. But that, after all, is a fair allowance. Of tho peerages lit present existing, 2S4 wero created during the Queen's reign. Of theso Lord Melbourne was responsible for 28, Sir Robert Pool for llvo. Earl Russell for 21, Lord Bnliner- ston for 22, Lord Derby for 15, Mr. Dlsruoli for 31, Mr. Gladstone for 71, Lord Rosebcry for uluo, and Lord Salisbury for 80. 