BY' THE WAY. \- ? ? o ? ? Some rather curious developments are ' ? reported to have occurred in connection ?with a recent fire which destroyed a pawn broking establishment. As bad luck would have it, the conflagration occurred on a Saturday, the great day of redemption in regard to such articles as are not badly wanted during the week in many house holds where beer is a greater desideratum during six days than suits of Sunday best or boiled rags. By a wise dispensation of Providence, the best suit generally remains in soak from Monday to Saturday, the amount yielded by its hypothecation being . represented frequently cy regular supplies of li-iuid refreshment throughout the- week. Then when the ghost 'walks on. Saturday out comes the customary suit of solemn black for church or Sabbath breaking pur poses according to the proclivities of the owner. In one case, atJeast, it seems that a loving wife had pawned her lord and master's best things -without his know ledge or consent, and great was the weep ing and wailing and gnashing of teeth '-w£en their total destruction came about just before tie usual hour for talcing them out.- It -is said that the domestic - ructions In that family have not yet ceased, and there is even' talk of a divorce suit in con sequence of the loss, p.f the other one. \ * * ?* * ' How sweet are the uses of ad vertisements has long since been dis covered by the proprietors of va cant lots and blank walls facing the-, road or railway, oi; other places where? mostly men do congregate. Travellers by the suburban railway line have long, been accustomed to the flaring recommendations ?of particular brands of whisky and tobacco and other necessaries of life, and now a mew church building near the Redfern sta tion has been pressed' into the service on bohalf of a brand cf taking powder, the' merits of which are extolled in a bold ad yertisement occupying the entire gable end ? of the sacred edifice. No doubt it was considered that the end (not-of the build ing, but of the advertisement) justifies the means, and. if the clcrgyman-s salary can be augmented or made more secure or the Interest on the. debt reduced, it is argued that .there is a complete justification in the m»tto 'ad majorem Dei gloriam.' Still the next question must be, why should such announcements be confined to the outside of the .sacred building, and will the next step be to cover the chancel and the altar, the walls and the stained windows, ?'?with recommendations to try Dr. Curem's piebald liver piils for. whitey-brown ; people, or whether the Commandments and the beatitudes will be interlined with injunc tions to ask for Geebung's Coculus Iridicus', and see. that. you get it. . At present things' idecidedly seem to point that way. »...*?'* # * '' Church-goers last Sunday are said to have found .ttiemselvesTin a perplexing^ pre dicament, .all through .--The vagaries oJ ' the i /weather. They had prepared themselvesi during the week, at the instigation of a paternal Government, to pray for rain, ibut-the wet weather arrived two days in ?advance. Of course,, the order of service might be changed to thanksgiving, but ?that was not part of the' State, programme, , end there was a harassing doubt in some minds whether to make any alteration without official sanction would not be a kind of high treason, if not ? rank heresy, mot to mention the fact that in one or two of the denominations the form of sup plication had been specially prepared, and it seemed a pity not to use ' it. Besides ?these considerations, there was a consider able diversity of opinion as to whether the rainfall had' been sufficiently general or ' copious,' and- whether it had reached the districts where it was most wanted. ,The general result,, seemed to be that a sort of go -as-you-please ensued, some of the I churches' offering up thanks for the' rain, but hinting that a. little more would be de sirable, whilst others ignored the previous downfall- altogether, and calmly' petitioned for wet weather as though nothing had hap pened. 'Without in any way desiring to make light of serious subjects, the weather sermons last Sunday may be said to have been as contradictory as Russell and Wragge's forecasts, and about as compre hensible. Next time it will be as well to ?.prepare for emergencies by having two sets of prayers prepared in readiness. » ? ? ? It is said that the medical dictum given la a .recent murder case that somnambulism is a sure symptom of insanity has caused much perturbation in domestic circles, rwhere husbands, wives, or other members of -tlie family , ara known to' indulge 'in ?pedestrian Exercises in; a state of somno lence. If this opinion is to be relied upon, tt is argued that the Government had bet ter start out to build a series of new lunatic asylums at once, and get them finished 'before the incipient lunatics com mence to- butcher their families,, and create fresh sensations for newspaper readers. So ;far as can be ascertained, it appears that i; there is scarcely any respectable family i [without a sleepwalker amongst its mem bers, and assuming the sapient con elusion that somnambulism is synony mous with madness, it would be advisable Go have particulars furnished with the next \- census papers or earlier. The only conso lation is that the maniacal tendency seems 'to take a long while to develop, and it is remarkable that one of the delusions from rwhich the victims commonly suffer is that ?the doctors who pronounce such opinions ifire more cranky than themselves — though, i©£, course, this is perfectly ridiculous. v ® » ? ? ~ (Russia appears to have taken a strange *way of showing her sincerity in regard to (the disarmament proposals, by taking the ftrst -opportunity, through the official Press, *-t intimating that in the event of a rup jtnre between France and England over tEashnda, she is prepared to back up the former power in its absurd pretensions. This certainly does not look very much as If Russia were in earnest in desiring to \- disarm, or avert war, seeing that the quarrel is one in which she has not the slightest concern, and indeed would be go ling out of her way to take part in. As one result of this interference, we may probably .put down the extra five millions which, 'the British Government is about to ex pend on battleships and torpedo des itroyerrs, and which might have been un : necessary had Russia not encouraged the ; quarrelsome Frenchmen to persevere in =itheir bellicose policy. If that disarmament ^Conference ever does come off, the Czar ?should certainly bo asked, as a prelimi nary, to pay. that, trifle of five millions ster ling whicli the British taxpayer has added Ito his previous burdens.- mainly owing to Ttossia's meddlesome intimation that she ? Intends having a finger in the next war pie- .' ' — A.Z. 