Notes and Comments. The Premier stated in an election ad dress at Waterloo that the unemployed problem would never . be solved until old-age pensions were instituted. ? . . # * * Dr. Maloney, Labor-member of West Melbourne, Vic., came over last Saturday and 'spoke at several election meetings this week on behalf of Labor candidates. The S. M. Herald expresses the hope that the inorease in the price of coal and in the hewing rate will induce the coal miners to tolerate the violation of the weighing provisions of the law. We hope not. * * * The new Sydney markets were opened last week .with usual ceremonies pertain ing to the doings of Sydney's ' nicest.' The basement of the building is to be used for the sale of vegetables, etc., Chinese not being allowed to take stalls. * * * ^ It seems a very tame business, voting simply as to which one of two or three men shall become a one hundred and twenty-fifth part of the Legislative As sembly, when you compare it with the recent experience of voting a direct yes or no on a question of public policy. ! * * * The peculiarity of the present municipal system. Sydney's landlord mayor, at the opening of the new market building, bitterly denounces the policy of the city putting ujvshops and offices in competi tion with the private landlord, and still he must be at the head of their manage ment. \- .. * * * That old lock-up site at the junction of George and Pitt streets has resisted all attempts 'to sell it with as much obstinacy as if the ghost of a land nationalist were haunting the premises. The Government now seems to have given it best, and is offering it on lease for a term that may be from five to fourteen years. ' , . : ' . * * : ? * ????? There have been persistent rumors for about a year past that the working hair dressers were going to organize a deter mined movement '.'.next week'— always ' next week '? — to obtain.better conditions (and especially to wipe out special abuses) but so far the united effort appears to have been lacking. : * . * * The Aliens Restriction Act, which was passed last session, must be reserved for the Royal assent, being a measure inter fering with treaty rights or trade. The Premier regards the matter of such im portance that he has communicated with the Governor with a view of getting, if possible, the authority of the Imperial Government by cable for assenting to the measure. * * * A certain paper that has all through the campaign been challenging Labor candidates who had Ministerial supporters opposed to them — its intention being to make out that the Labor Party had been swallowed up by the Ministry — -may be interested to learn that Labor members were doing so all along, and that some of those specially challenged were among the most constant campaign assistants of those whom it was impudently challeng ing them to go and help if they dared. A woman was brought up before the Glebe police court, Sydney, charged with not providing adequate and proper food and lodging for some children under her care. The evidence showed that the children were in a dirty and starving con dition. A clergyman stated that she was not a proper person to take charge of children, but it was a mania with her— she appeared to imagine that she had a divine call to the work. The magistrate, in view of the statement made by the clergyman that she had a divine call to starve children, let her off with a fine of 40s. and costs. * * * ? : The past few months have been crowded with references to ' making Australia a nation.' Now how can Australia be made a nation by putting up a central government ? It will be a nation when every Australian can claim it as his country, where it is his right as a citizen to dwell, work, and enjoy the fruits of his labor without asking or paying for leave to do so. , At present Australia belongs to the land sharks (most of the governments for most of the time being properly included under that term), arid the labor of the Australians belongs to the capitalists, and the Aus tralians haven't a country of their own — they can't even call themselves their own— and the ' nation-building ' will go ahead just in proportion as the Labor movement gets the upper hand of the established system, and no quicker. A nation can make a government whenever it wants to ; a government can't make a nation. _ The coal trade is brisk in the New castle district. * * * The New South Wales railways have put up a record. The revenue for quarter ending June 80 was £714,867. * * * A shearer is likely to be the most suc cessful author, beoause he can always make a living if he can get a pen. * * * After reference to headquarters it has been ascertained that a common P.O. only takes precedence after the governor, ad miral, and chief justice. * * * A city shopgirl in an establishment not olosed last Wednesday told a customer emphatically that if she had a vote she would leav.e the shop to take care of itself and vote for the Labor Party. * * * The Brisbane Worker asks : ' Will the clergy take in hand the evil of Sunday work on shipboard ?' The Worker thinks something should be done to help those unfortunates who are compelled by the steamship companies to work every day in the week, Sunday included. * .« * Terms on which the British Commis sioner for New Guinea has been fooling the natives into letting the earth go from under their feet : For each allotment of the ordinary size. for one person, 'a tomahawk, a handkerchief, and half a pound of tobacco, with occasionally a shirt and kriife thrown in.' 1 .. * . * * The gang of Greek gipsies who were recently dumped down in South Australia are on their way, across country, to Sydney, N.S.W. J hey dropped in at Kaniva, Vic., the other day, but the citizens of that town passed round the hat and sent them on to Nhill, where they were at time of writing, and intend staying until the hat is passed round again. ' * * * On Friday last between 60 and 70 Afghans arrived from Calcutta by the s s. Darius. These dusky British sub jects caused, some amusement as they marched through the streets out to Red fern, where a number of their country ' men reside. Most of the Asiatics carried ' bluey,' hidden in the folds of a large turban. One energetic heathen carried a kerosene tin. * Mr. Thomas Dodd desires to contra dict a statement in Sunday's Truth to the effect that he upset George Black's apple cart considerably at a recent meeting. Except to cheer, he only opened his mouth once, and then it was to ask a question which was not at all embar rassing to Mr. Black, and was in fact only intended to bring out a little more detail. Having been present at the meet ing alluded to, we can thoroughly corroborate Mr. Dodd's assertion. As to Truth , everyone knows what its state ments are worth. * * * The largest employer of underpaid and undesirable Asiatics on the Richmond River is a storekeeper, who engaged coolies to work on the cane farms of his ' tied' customers. He is secured against loss by a lien on the cockles' crops. So large and profitable is this branch of his trade becoming that it is said that his Hebrew catspaw is practising with money columns headed R.A.P. instead of £ s. d. for the convenience of his dark 'imports.' He has also been known to add to his income by passing onto a white customer for a 2s. -piece a rupee whioh he buys at Is. each. . * * # Complaints are' being made that the Permanent Artillery are kept for the use of the big people of society. When any of them wishes to give a tea party, bush fashion, on his lawn, or in his backyard, all he has to do. is to telephone and a fatigue party of Permanent Artillerymen is sent along with a large tent to be ereoted for Mr. So-and-So. This is con tinually done, in summer weather es pecially, and the men have to do it devoid of all compensation. Well, probably it is better to have them employed that way than in intimidating strikers, and we haven't got much sympathy for men who deliberately become slaves in the fullest sense of the term, when they find that the wages of slavery include more hard graft. All the same it doesn't seem reasonable that the country should be taxed to maintain a staff of extra house servants for the Potts Point Push especially as there are plenty of un employed and insufficiently employed men about who must be kept out of a meal by the practice, if the complaints are well founded. * * * Send Is. to this office for a quarter's subscription to The Wobkeb. 