COMPLEXE STOHY. [rUBLISUED BT STECEA& AttRAXOOUEfT.] AN AWFUL EXPERIENCE i BT [ JOHN A SANDEMAN, ^uthor Jof 'VVdls, Faigo*6 Box/' "Forced tobeBrare," &o.;, &o.; IjWPTBIGIJT.j OHE twenty years ago an' old pros pector died at the note! in which I was staying fn Toacoo, Arizona. The day after the funeral I was handed a small packet which lie had bequeathed to me as an acknow ledgement of a slight service I had rendered him daring his illness. He. had very little to leave, poor old • r. . fellow, and I be gan to open (he picket with some curiosity as to its contents. On removing the cover I j found apiece of rook speckled with small • green crystals, and wrapped in a sheet of : paper on which something had been written so badly that I could make nothing of it, except that it gave some directions about a man named George Caunon. I was still puzzling myself over it when my friend John Harlow came into the room. John ' ' tall, broad shouldered follow, with a large, fair beard, and fearless, kindly bluo eye When I handed the letter to him and sai that I thought it referred to someone named George Cannon, he looked over it for a minute, and then burst into a laughter. 44 Why, Jem," he said, slappins tbo shoulder, "this is « description of h gorge in the main canon of the Colorado." Then when, I gave him the piece of rock aud explained how it came into tny possession, be. continued, 44 That's limestone, and—by jove! V-eraeralds!" • "Wo both became excited over this discovery, and although we knew that the description of the gorge might possibly have no reference to tlie specimen, we decided to visit the place at once and thoroughly " pros pect " the country. The following day we started on our expedition, and after a search extending over three weeks we fonnd a gorge .which resembled that described by the old prospector. To me it seemed unlikely that the specimen had been found iu such a place, t The narrow strip of laud that siopsd down to the river in front of us was covered with jWaterworn boulders, great sandstone bluffs shot out the view in other directions, aud mosses of fallen rock rendered the gorge impassable. John, however, found a small •piece of limestone, and although it carried no emeralds it was the right kind of formation, •and as it must have bt-cu evaded down the •canon we decided to renew our search further up the river. To accomplish thin we had to retrace our steps into a ririug country until wo were at a sufficient deration to truss a plateau -which lay in a bend of the canon, and then advance along the top of a stupendous •precipice thousands of feet in height. (f>jme ports of the canon arc over 5,000 feet deep.) When wo at last found a place where - wc could again descend we had to lead our horses for two day* down slanting ledges and rocky J dopes without daring to look in'o j the awful depths briuw. A bitter I disappointment awaited us. . When we reached n large grass-grown flat at the bottom wc discovered that both up ana down the canon the river washed the perpendicular mills on either side. I was so xnncb discouraged that I proposed wc should make our way back to Tuscou, but John was determined to persevere. 41 We haven't halt tried yet," he said. 44 If there had bocu no difficulty:about Soiling where the emeralds came from (hey would have been hunted tip long ago." 441 have it 1" be exclaimed, s«fter a moment's thought. 4* There's some timber growing at tbc upper end of tbc fiat. Let us make a stout raft of logs, trust to luck, and float down the stream. That's the way to find both the liincstoue aud a place to get at it." I did not reply, and was atillkoitattngasio whether I ought to consent to so wild a scheme when a great uprooted irec stranded on tbepoint where we were standing. Directly my eyes rested on two great branches which had grown so closely together that at twenty feet from their junction with the trunk they were only a few feet apart, I felt here was a means of making our journey without the danger attending an ordinary raft of having it torn to pieces against some obstacle in the stream. A similar thought had crossed my partner's mind, for he anticipated what I was about to say, by pointing out bow rciaily we could convert the joined logs into a tort of huge catamaran, or double-keeled boat. TVc set to work fit once to carry out our purpose, aud by night wo had chopped through the trunk just below where it joined tbc two great branches; trimmed the short piece wc had left to hold them together, iu such a way that it would form a bow or cutwater; and constructed on the double log a, roach dock or platform, to which we had fastened loops ©f rope in order that we could «Up our limbs through thomto avoid being-thrown oft into the water when ooncussiou with rock* or drifting trees became inevitable. The next morning we earned our pro* visions on board, secured them firm I v, and, with long poles we bad cut for such purposes i pushed off into the stream. Oar craft wasai success, for although the bow dipped a little I when the current ran swiftly, tne platfonn! remained perfectly dry. The scenery through ; which we passed was awful in its grandeur. In some places tho cliffs rose to a height so great that the summits appeared to lean forward, and a narrow blue strip of sky was all that could be seen above them ; in other places the rocky walls broke into ten thousand pinnacles, the highest of which glistened in the sun, like silver beacons to guide the drift ing clouds. Twice wo struck hidden rocks with suffi cient force to prove the necessity of always keeping a tight hold. About an hour afrer we started our speed had become so great and the shock* our raft rroeived so violent that we were -very much alarmed. "Listen! what does that mean?" said John Harlow, as a heavy roaring broke upon our cars, aud then as we swept round a bend hi the river he shouted: "Hold on for your life, we are coming to a waterfall.'* I slipped my arms and legs through some of the loops. Then I raised my head, and although I could not sec anything of the fall, I formed some idea of the rate we were travelling; for several large rocks appeared in the river, ahead of us, and no sooner were they in sight than we passed them like a j flash. Presently our craft struck something,1 swung round, and in an instant, with the water roaring and boiling round "us, went broadside on, against a partly submerged rock." I was half-stupefied by the shock, and made no attempt to move, although my side of the platform was slowly sinking in the, flood. The rock which impeded us stood j only u few inches above the water, and John's | side of the raft had tilted orer it My brave old partner now did a daring deed. ,Afrer' ng hi* hand* into one of tlie loops lie • himself ■ threw himself over the side of the raft placed his shoulder against it, aud with his feet resting on the rock, ho pushed uutil we began to sheer off, and thcu sprang back into his place. ^ During the next few minutes I thought that nothing could suvfi as from destruction. We crashed against the side of the cliff, rebounded, ivhiried round and round, struck rock after rock with the force of a buttering Tain, then rushed forward at racehorse speed. A cry of terror escaped me as the stern of our craft was Kited in the air. HaU-blinded by spray, down wc plunged into the foaming mass below. When the waters closed over tae and daylight was gone, a giant seemed trying to tear me from the raft. I believed my time had' come: but just as I thought | that 1 could no longer hold my breath, our brure little craft lifted her bow above tho foam, and the danger was past. 44 Why. the fall'cau't be more than right feet high," I shouted as I looked back. '•Eight- feet or eighty it nearly did for me," replied Jolirt Harlow, holding on with one liana and wringing the water from his beard with the other. " I've had tho longest teetotal drink I ever bad in my life, and I don't think mach of it." John used to say these sort of things with a ridiculous solemnity that made them really funny. But wc now entered a part of the canon where even his cheerful spirits became depressed. Peaks, cliffs, and rocks were stained vermilion: the same colour was reflected on to everything; and once when I withdrew from the river a dripping pole with which I had been steering, I instinctively wiped ruy hands; for the clefts end caves appeared like horrible wounds, the water dripping from them human blood. A few minutes more and wc were out of the blind ing glare of the awful place. Then we came to a long stretch of the kind of formation for which we were looking; and all at once Jonu Harlow painted to au opening or flat of semi* circularVhtpe and shouted: " There's our lauding place." Then he plied liis pole so vigorously that our craft came close cnongh to the land for •him to leap ashore. We taade fast to a rock with a strong rope, and our boat swinging out of the current lay along the bank. After landing some pro-visions, our rifles, and a few other things, we looked roaud us. Ko sun light could penetrate the dismal place; for high above our heads, n great muss of rock covered it iu. and reached sd far over the river itself that wj were unable to see the top of the opposite precipice. Huge fungi— white, yellow, brown, and red—clung along the base of tho surrounding cliffs; while a gray wcolly-lookiug substance of the *atne family, depended' like drapery from the' jotting crags, and waved about with every I breath of air. A* wc dried ourselves at afire of. drift wood, a .sudden gust of wind swept through the place. Then in tho silence that ensued, the rippling of the river sounded unnaturally sharp and clear. Soon we noticed that the gloom round us was becoming intensified: and at last we could see littla of the river— twenty yards away—except flocks of foam that hurried past, and white lines where tho water surged against the rock*. Suddenly a vivid lightning fl-tsh darted along the face of the opposite cliff. In the glare the gray and ghostly drapery which hung round the cavernous place where we stood, appeared so gruesome that I shrank to my partner's side. Almost at the same moment I crouched with fear as an awful thunderclap reverberated, along the canon ; the echoes threw back the sound from wall to wall, and mighty- crashes and awful rumblings seemed to snake the earth. The dazzling lightning flashes' followed osch other so rapidly that I was able to sea I John Harlow approach the river bank and make our raft more secure with a socond rope. The necessity for this precaution soon became obvious. A wave several feet high came rushing: down the stream, followed' by a large number of broken trees" which", as they sped past, lifted their naked branches in the air, like the twisted limbs of huge monsters drowning in the flood Imperceptibly it * had become lighter; the storm had passed and soon died away in distant mutterings. Still in that cavernous place there was not sufficient daylight re maining to enable, us to commence our search for emeralds, and as the ground was damp, wo began to look for some cave in which to pass the night. I had taken one sido of the flat and .Tohn Harlow the other, and I was standing somewhat despondent at my wan t of success wheu my partner called to' toe and pointed to a narrow cleft in the wall. •'Sec there," he Miid; " that is the en trance to a care so vast that when I was inside it and first shouted to you. fully n. minute must hare passed before the echoes died away. The floor slopes upwards, so we are sure to find n dry spot to sleep on, uud Jem, old man, it' there are emerald* round here, there's the place to find them." After a short consultation we decided to bring all our things ndiore, aud for this pur pose we approached the batik of the river. All at once John Harlow clutched ray arm. "Great heavens!" he cried, pointing to a mass of branches which were being carried rapidly down the stream. «• There goes our ratt: some floating .trees have become en tangled with it and torn it loose." - lly heart stood still. What an awful fate awaited us imprisoned in that loathsome place. Our small supply of provisions would soon be exhausted, and then. . ... ' De spairingly I stood and gazed at the great rock overhead, and the towering walls that shut us from ihe world. Once I tried to speak, bat the words stuck in mv throat. Presently John Harlow put his arm through mine, and said: " It strikes mo we've boon and gone and done it." I wsis already somewhat'hysterical. .and sach a remark at such a time sounded so ridiculous that I laughed till the tears ran down my cheeks. "That's right: cheer up, old man." he said heartily. 44 And bow as it will sopn he dark you take the things up to the cave, while I collect some driftwood for our fire." By the time I had carried ray last load into the cave, my partner had laid in a sufficient supply of fuel to lust ns through the night. A- soon a* we had c«tan our supper we made our fire blaze, and examined, our immediate surroundings. There was not much to see. i The ride sit which we had entered stood out boldly in the ruddy glow, bat the roof and further portion of the sloping floor were lost: in darkness. i " Well," said John, stretching himself1 comfortably o;» the saud,. which covered the floor, "tilings might have been worse, and you won't make them any better- by sitting there as solemn .is a man at his own funeral, j To-morrow we'iltryexploriugtlio cave, and' if the ground keeps on rising, it may bring us to au outlet of some kind. If we find that) won't work, we'll see if we can catch a passing! log, trim it up with an axe, aud ride on it i down the stream." Although our chances of escape were small, I could not help being cheered by Harlow's hopeful way of viewing our situation. At last, tired out by our day's exertious, we lay down on the sand and slept. The next morning we hud our breakfast in the open air, and then prepared to explore the cave. One thing that we had not yet decided to our satisfaction was how wc were to obtain sufficient light for oar purpose. Of onr -upplvof candles six had fortunately been! brought ashore; hut as wc would each have j to carry one, these would not be enough, I especially if we had to encounter drafts of air. I However, a happy thought occurred to me. Wchad a small can of lard. I melted the grcas1, soaked iu it pieces of dry wood about eighteen inches long, and in this way made ! right fairiy good torches. With these stuck i iu our belts, our small stock of provisions on | our backs, and our freshly- filled watorbotties | dung over our shoulders, we commenced our jonrnev. As wc went on, the floor became i steeper and steepc-r, until at last we had to : climb, and John's idea of a possible outlet, I began to seem reasonable. j | For about half uu hour our exertions kept j ; us silent, but all at once John Harlow, who I was in the leac, gave a cry of warning and we stopped. "SVe were standing on the edge! of what appeared to be a great expanse of :nud, or water. On touching it with ray foot,; however, it proved to he sand, covered by a; thiu crust, which.gave way under the slight est pressure. ily partner hesitated about advancing any further into this unknown country. Alas! It was I that suggested we should continue on our way. I pointed out, that, even though we had no landmarks to guide us, and our compass might be influenced by deposits of mineral, still wc should leave such a plain track on the perfectly smooth sand, that we could easily muni if we wished, without any danger of getting lost. I had no difficulty in bringing John to my way of thinking; for he was a more adventurous man than I, but did not like to take the whole responsibility on his own shoulders. On wc went for an hour and more, and low reefs of partly decomposed rock began to make their appear ance, like a succession of dark waves rolling towards us. Suddenly, John Harlow dropped on his knees so uuexpcctedlv that I shot over his head, extinguishing both bis torch and my own. At the** same moment there was a terrific crash—a crash so terrible that the earth shook at' the concussion; the air dis placed by the fall of some hugo mass of rock rushed past, and the whispering echoes became less and less, then died uway. • " What has happened ?" I cried. "We've como to the emeralds,** shouted my partner, still on his knee3, nearly putting out bis freshly lighted torcli as ho waved it wildly above his head. * , "What-do you-mean? -Hare-yon"ffonol mad? Did you not hear that awful crashP j I exolaimed, shrinking back from him. " " Crash ?. "Well.": let 'It onisbS^Jenv my bor, see hererr-look," and .with trembling handah'e 6coopcdup seme sand ana uela it towards me. " Emeralds! Emeralds," he| shouted, hoarse with excitement. "The ground's alivo •••; with ;them! rj Wo re mil lionaires !" ; I could seo little ' green specks' shining i amongst the sand, and badl not* previously 1 received a great fright Ishonld probably have been as much excited as roy partner. Instead of this I felt angry. "Millionaires, are we?" I said, pushing twny his hands. "Yes, milUonaircs.aud with1 all o'ur wealth wo . could not purchase a crust of bread!" . My words brought John to lus. senses, and after, a short 6tlence*he said in'lits'usual rJu are right Jem. Still I would rather be somewhere else with my pockets full of emeralds tbuu in here with a crust of bread as big us a church." Then while trying to scratch owe of tho big green crystals with his knife he coatiimed: "They are emeralds right enough, and more of them than X have ever seen together in the richest mines it) the world." , We now picked np handfuls of tne sand, blew away the fiucr particles, put the- stones in our pockets, and continued to do so for some time. How long 1 woald have remained thus employed it is hard to tell; for as I felt iny store increasing I became^ more Hnd more excited, until n»y partner imputieutly pulled me to my feet, and, despite my angry protests, fairly dragged ine away. • ITy ex citement soon subsided, yet as we plodded on, thought of wealth and happiness in the future made me almost forgot the dangers and diffi culties of the preseut. In half an hour or so, the air became much ! warmer, and'the sand "gave place to rocks, oiit tho thick uiu-'t with which they were , coated j-till. returned our tracks.".. And now i we had to stop und discuss a nutter on which I our lives might depend. We bad lighted our ] last torch. 'Die candles, however, helmr still; untouched, wo determined to use half of them, before giving up all hope of an exit, for we thought that if we used but ou9 at a time on our return jouraey, lliey would cany ua back to the entrance. of the cave. We were encouraged .to pursue this seemingly reckless course by a circumstance which Johu con-, sidered ifavoarable, aud this was that the warm air must have an outlet somewhere, or .the temperature would have been the same' throughout the dr&flless; country we hadleft, behind. So without wasting any more time, j we again1 proceeded on our way. • Shortly a great change took 'place in our surrounding*. . The ground became robgher as we advauced. aud wo. were obliged to climb heights und depths, of which in the intense darkness we could fonn no' definite conception. Yet. judging by the time it tool: - us to' descend "some of these crevices, a -false step meant death. Aud now to add to our • danger, the air became dump and the rocks slippery. At hast we reached comparatively level ground, but dark mists enveloped us so closely that we were constantly' stumbling oyer pro truding rocks. Then it gradually became clearer, and the moisture overhead was drift iugulongin clouds. \ " Ha !" cried my partner, " there most be a draught of air to carry tlio mists along liko that; somehow I feel 'that onr troubles are almost at an end.!'- t Scarcely bad the words left his lips than his feet slid from under Inra, and be rolled down an incline towards—oh, . Hod! the awful sight comes aguia^ before my eyes!— towards a dark, oily, turbid : substance, through which bubbles': of- gas forced their way, accompanied by Jittlu jets of steam, I With a shriek that froze my blood, .he disappeared. And thca—something rose, smeared with slime, scalded ilesh hung iu ribbons down its face, two skeleton' bunds were raised us though in prayer. Silently and slowly the* ghastly thing sank from iuy sight, and I—I Half frenzied with horror, I cried aloud: "John Harlow, come back, oome back!" A hundred echoes, in seeming mockery, re plied : Come back!. Come back!" I was about to fljy but for a minute, stood transfixed by fear. The . blaoh, oily . liquid rolled about like the tide held back by bois terous winds. Spluttering and hissing, tlie stoam escaped iu noisome jets; huge babbles danced quivering from place to place, us though instinct with life; und shapeless things seemed crawling, and writhing, amid the heaving mass. Then, with a gurgling roar, from out that hideous lake, a great column of mud shot up, its summit hidden in tho mUty darkness overhead. I knew that a scalding shower roust soon descend, and, with John Harlow's shriek still ringing in my ears, X ran in terror from tho place, ran until I caught my foot against a rock, my torch went out, and I came heavily to the ground. As with shaking hands I fumbled for my match box, the darkness seemed peopled with ghastly forms—every way I looked John Harlow's apparition appeared rising from tho ground. Once more I had a light. Then—: on—on! Delirious with sorrow and fear, £ rushed j with outstretched arms in pursuit of tho re- | treating mists, andbetwoon my gasping sobs I called madly after them to stop and wait for me. At last my overwrought brain , seemed numb. I burnt my hand with my j expiring torch before I lit a to take I its place; felt tired, yet unable to stop and rest; passed through heat and stifling sulphurous' fumes, yet thoughj weak and gasping, still :I staggered on. i Suddenly the mists were go tie. Looking up- 1 wards I saw them rising as though impelled by sums mysterious power. Gray pillars, ■***?* fcr tie moialnto drlpnw'i.^V^ stood round mo. X thought & ghosts,. yet ; r was (anaonm,,?. . 7, *»J thnt ®r brain was jririnjl on, shuddered at a shriek of 1,, ? '?• Ui whilst I knew it to be myowu^ that of some demon rejoiciD^t'^ '^ ®s • When I lit my" lit taSJ, °{m,scV. that it was my last brou-lit me 't„ *"""7 The terror of being left ia r].n j°J -***»■' feanul place had cleared my bmit, t? ^ myself at the edge of a ch- Xll-,,. Ktr"»i aides, and a cry of thanisgivins- bin ?|N" my hps when I felt a coal 5u,t of afcu froui.ts depths. Hoping to find!!"^"5. below I commencod the steep deJZZ'°f!t surface of the rock beim''deci™™ ^ -1 , hollows filled with sanSr l22S footing and slid for some dhLor X ; ''' was able to stop. At last I f™„Li 15 t wlmre I could sit down and reri^ had I ceased to break the silen™\ ,00®t than X heard beneath me the rash oh?,,'!?1 . :j.v retreat is cut otf." I cried a v <° w7 feet. ^ vv htle X leaned forward and triW tn ' ' teiie the darkness, the rock on whth I?'i gave way under me, and X foil irit! iffl H foree to. da-h my candle from my hiS™! rolled over twice, and then wa* stopS,' } .foeond rock in time to hear the fiK7? into the water below. It was Zt^ thmk of findiog the candle. for I °! it far ont into the chasm; but I some wax matches, and X earned blaalraWmXtllnSti?!^ myself backwards to save myself frame.* fate I had just contemplated. The" -if™ t^p'rtLrofrk0^1^^^ tho68"10 ?f tl*e chasm in «Ul direction;^ the.smooth unbroken slope below n* ^ t«bed,°and 5TJJ-. 2 a Splashes, and 4 low hissing renal u the sand slid into the water, told me n,, destination of this aralanche. In snoth momeutT had to drop tho blazing paper fnX my hand; my support gave way Sr™ and I was auudst the moving tide J jtni?5'?d iespml,l-r as 1 ««* dsw and deeper in the treacherous stuff. Thar ^Ifnrt f°° 151 exhausted to make smtlg hztifi „T*Pf' my feet struct somstla; hard, (nod for a' time 1 was ah on abutting point of rock. While I lav then gsspuig I saw something which imSM fresh courage into me. To mv left <Waace below, I saw daylight.: Th-n s ctouu escaped mee-the light had gone! Id I <;ould not believe that I had been mistnfef andcSBUdenly, to my relief, IsawtneS thing agam, and knew tbat there was an o« let. ..TVhat caused it to vanish andX reappear X could not understand. A conflnnU splashing below warned me to te Wri I see im.Sh""8' - """ nocci!1»J that I timid sen something or iny surroundings. had ?,W ° "mTe P"P°l- t0 light, but'I'sBlI nf rbi ° , m3.tehes- I stuck hall a doza ?ni Wi1fWht "1 the handle of mypocS kmie, lit them, and looked around me I mi amidst ,he moviag md. Twenty feet below me, a great rock, alii htv tirKInbW-,'lt stccP roof of ma the ra • P^J^trd'from the slope of the moving sand and divided it into too streams; the one to the right pooling tub ?Ct?? -Cr;?0an'1 ,al° or river, th/X ca the left making its way towards tho openior. (format's i" 1 notlca> tiut tWd iSftimo btf hoginning to sW itself through the decretisiug debris; and I lid commenced to think that in timelmightbejHi to chmb down to the opening in safetrS ,» new danger threatened me. Masses c! loose rook above me, which had bccTX™ ' °k fa""1 had begun to falfaaJ jMtcral boulders came ploughing down 111 )mbraJ[„P¥itio.\?'nil a terrible one;ntaej moment I might be crushed to death • Hj L3 P'f? w!,ere 1 "»* standing might gin 1,12,", l!?rl 3° on to the rock below; on . great boulder block up the opening and sal ./ Uns time X had used up nculj nf,!!! i to be left withont the meau ! , a light would bo madness, and I ?u f /, UP m-r mi'«i what to do. I I a °wed the matches that were alight to ban themselves out; then looked towards lie cat I it;'- " uncovered, and tho daylight ,,ljroiigb it made a track aloag Jti sTh8 top Of this streak to n ™ » 1' eft to m7 bft, and gathaiag myself together I sprang towards if. Bat mjr feet 6tinck a piece of roclr, and I plunroi e.-xd first into f be sand beyond. For a minute 8« n^Iea to extract: mjself, but tho limit of |tn> cnannir.ee had been reached, and I bccam* i uuconsciou#. When mjr aensea returned, I lay for nnoj H?'"ute3 trrm^ to think whero I was. , On either side was u jgreat cliff, ubovo themwn sooae ijolmly a.s she floated through the flteqj c °uus. Thinking that I had awaked from* ncmble dreaiD, I wearily raised mr hwi and looked round mo. I was Ijtog at the base of a hngo coae«sbapM neap of ^ decomposed rook, its apex wo ftpniost the cliff, uud termicatin^ « some black, ragged object, which I could no! qui to make out at first. Soon, howerer, i peculiar hissing noise struck my ear, and, sT .. upwards, the block object showed itf° a irregidar arcbw/. rough which a gray torrent of raw! particles poured down the. cone, and I kce* *. °iws' he the exit from the scene of of suffenngs. For days X wandered in a neitw* of interesting gorges with perpeadicabr*. ■ Unce with my rerolvcr 1 kUled a eqam& and. so badly did I need food that row. Another time I usod my ragged.' as a not, and caught some wfnno«iiB. npool. I have dim memories .of' . - „m8fooa: «"d °»w' I think, they lied „ tiuuxh I wero some dangerous lefotu mc,. ouc aay j foun,j myself being "3V tended hy rough hut kindly hands enrocrtore had found roe._ "v^h^re passed flinco then, and though T^Sa beou very poor, the wealth •J in that dreadful place has never gnipted me to'revisit'the.scene of rnv awfnl ^poiecce. ■ ■ • 