Brief Mention. Some splendid hauls of fish have been made at the Heads lately. ' Irishman ' : Letter would lead to revolu tion. Too hot for us. A corroborec and a 'circus ' have enlivened things a little this week in Bellingen. Messrs. A. and II. Ellis have purchased the bakery business of Mr. Bryant's, at Fern moimt. Meeting at Never Never post office on April 2, for election of officers to Progress Mr. GeOt-ge Bnrr has the timber on the ground for the erection bt tlie buttef factory at Bellingen. The infant child of Mr. and Mrs. J. Burton, of Bellingen, died oil Tuesday night, after it short illness. Sale of cattle at liellingen on March 2G. Reail F. R; II. Baker's advertisement in another column. Robt. J, Smith, butcher, is a cash pur chaser Of pig 3 and cattle, fats or stores, in large or Small lots.* The thanks of the members of tho Bellingen School of Arts are due to the ladies who so neatly covered the volumes in the library. The cheapest shoe leather in. New Soutii Wales is Gillespie's bluchers, 7s; Od.,- spot cash, at F. T. Matthews' Bellingen Store.* Corn-pulling will soon become general throughout the district. Farmei-3 would be thankful to receive a few weeks of dry weather. Our agent wired us the following market report on Wednesday evening, — Maize, new, 2s. 9d. to 2s. lid, ; eggs, 30d. to 13d. ; pota toes, £-1 5s. to £G. Caterpillars arc still playing havoc in this district. On the farms of Messrs. R. Laven der, B. McNally, and others they have eaten every blade of grass in tiieir way. The Rev. A. Graham, who has been in Sydney, attending the Wesleyan Conference, tor the past torntgnt, will take his appoint ments in tlr's district next Sunday. Mr. Arthur Griffith, Labor member for Waratah,with htB two sisters from Melbourne, has been a' guest at Government House, Hobart, during the past week. Plutocracy and democracy. In Germany, a man who has lost both his hands in an accident can claim the whole of his lifs insurance money if he be insured, on the ground that he has lost the means of maintaining himself. ? : Bellinger Heads School of Arts has com pleted the purchese of a number of first-class books from the Palmer's Island institute. They were all secured at a trifling cost, and the lot contains some of the latest and best works. . . ... . The return match between Fernmoiint and Bellinger Heads cricketers will be played at the Heads on Saturday,, Fernmount will he represented by Messrs. A. Tyson, R. J. Smith, H. Greer, J. McGeary,' 15. Tyson, I. Greer, R. N. Baker, W. Tyson, F. Lovell, M. Knight, G. Carney, and J. H. Lovell. A Windsor Chinaman, rescued, With Ills cart, from a perilous position, after having been capsized while crossing a bridge at flood time, was' so overjoyed that he rushed at the mail who saved him, and kissed and embraced him passionately, the amusing performance lasting several minutes. After righting mat ters, the grateful ClioW promised to supply his deliverer with free vegetables for the next 12 months. -??-A ghost story comes from 'l'amworth. The settlement at the Moor Creek end of the wacerworus, aoout iu miles trom the town, is greatly agitated over the frequent appearance at night, in the gully alongside the camp, of a couple of apparitions. The phantom takes the shape of a woman, dressed in white, lead ing by the hand a little child. Several of the waterworks hands have seen the ghost, arid are positive in declaring that it is 'a genuine one.' !' It is impossible for man's head to solve the difficult problems of the present day,' re marked Miss Rose Scott, at a meeting of the Women's Suffrage League, in Sydney, last week ; ' but when,' she added, ' man's head is joined to woman's heart, there is some hope.' This was used as an argument iu favor of granting to women the right to vote. Miss Scott went on to say that women did not want to work and walk on alone. They wanted to be side by side with the men of the day, and assist them in working out satis factory solutions to the great problems which affected the community at large. ? The judicial authorities at Lyons still keep Vacher, the French 'Jack the Ripper,' who is accused of over a score of murders, under the closest medical observation, for the purpose of ascertaining his mental state. lie now pretends to hear ' voices,' and to have re ceived a divine inspiration to fast absolutely. His warders, however, are of opinion that his madness, even if real, is mixed with a strong dose of humbug. His Herculean strength re mains unimpaired. Heiscoristaritly attended in his cell by a gigantic warder, and two very powerful moutons, or fellow- prisoners, set to draw him into conversation, and he has at tempted no violence towards them yet, though his threats to murder them are frequent. His trial will not take place for.thrce months. The frequent visits of the medical specialists to his cell cause him fits of intense irritation, and the fear is expressed tiiat by the time the doctors have finished their report the patient will have become indeed insane, whatever he may have been when arrested. 