THE DIOCESE OF RIVERINA. The President's Synodal Address. The following is tlie.full text of the address delivered by His Lordship the Bishop of niverinu at tho opening of tho Synod on Tuesday : — My Brethren' of the Clercsy and Laity, — I offer you a hearty welcome to the second session of our fourth Synod. O1UCC UUL HU3U UmUfaUI{£ A LUttl L1IULU has been little change in those meteorological conditions peculiar to this Diocese as a whole. It is soldoni, or never, that any other Diocese in Australia is entirely drought-stricken ; but our geographical position is such, that when wo nro visited, wo are all affected either directly or indirectly. Under these circumstances you will not bo surprised that1 many members . of Synod have begged to be excused! attendance, on account of the difficulty, of travelling, nnd of leaving those, pursuits that are fraught, just now,; with so much anxiety. I need hardly | assure our absent brothers how deeply: I sympathise with them; for, indeed,; if, in this ease, no higher motive wore evoked, fellow-feeling would make us wondrous kind. We all suffer, both Clery and Laity, in some instances indeed, the Clergy more than the Laity, and I pray earnestly, and itsk you to do' so without ceasing and with unwavering faith, that our heavenly Father nray speedily send us, in this our great necessity, an abundant; supply of rain to our comfort and to His eternal glory. DIOCESAN CHANGES. Since our first session of this Synod their have been several changes in the personnel of its members. The Rev. H. Bradshaw was moved from Wilcanhia to Berrigaii, - and has now left the Diocese. His place at Wil cannia is supplied by the Rev. J. Bawling,,, B.A., , of. Queen's CoWege, Oxford. He is working very accept ably, amidst, what must have been to him, during the late long summer, strange and trying experiences. - The Rev. A. Dallas hits been appointed to 'We'ntivorthy, thus- filling tho ,' vacancy created by the Rev. II. B. Wingfield's removal to ' -JNe«A Zealand. The Rev. E. A. Reader, whom I ordained priest at1 'Broken 'Hill' '-iii ? October last, is stationed at .Menindic.. .Mr.. Wilson is' working as catechist with Rev. A. J. .Wheeler, and Mr. . Chisholni, who filled a similar position under the -Venerable Archdeacon . Holt, hits left the Diocese. ? Quite recently the Rev. J.'}5'B.v Armstrong' resigned the In cumbency of our Cathedral parish to undertake1 work in the Diocese of Brisbance. .We shall all miss his sound learning and cultivated intellect; whilst I shall , be deprived of an , able examining chaplain. Our hearty good .wishes go with. him,. and his, to their new northern hoine. X- By,- Mr... Lindsay,- Whitehead's re moval to Warrnainbool, Synod has lost ohe;bf.itsniosb useful and painstaking members. Not only was Mr. White head' ? lil ways' ready with his sound advice .and technical; knowledge — lit- alsovexpended a- great; deal 'of * 'thought and .enthusiasm- upon .schemes, which are largely due to his initiative, and which;prpmise to work effectively, and be highly beneficial to the Diocsse. We tender him our grateful: thanks and wish him all happiness in his pro motion. Mr.^Whifehead, as you are aware, held tlie. office of lion, treasurer to various 'funds/ Oii the principle of division^ r of -, labour, .the. Diocesan Council-1 lias-supplied' the vacancies caused by his resignation, in the fol lowing manner :— Mr. P. H. Galbraith, P.M., acts as lion, treasurer to the Rivorina Church Fund and to the Riverina Church Management Fund ; Mr. W. II. Barber as lion, treasurer to the Clergy Assurance Fund; and Mr. W. Camper as lion, treasurer to the Bishop's Residence Fund. I am sure you will agree with mo in saying that these offices have been vury worthily filled. As briefly as possible let me refer to this session's work. Besides the formal mid usual business of Synod, you will be asked to amend tho Constitution of Parishes Ordinance of 1891. And- as the amendment is merely of a verbal nature, to elucidate the meaning and' intention of the Ordinance, wo should very speedily dispose of this measure. Next, it is proposed to amend tho Church Management Ordinance of 1892, by the introduction of a clause providing for tho making of a declara tion of submission to Synod by parochial councillors. Such a clause is very necessary for the good govern ment of the Church; and it isquite time, that in this respect, we should follow in the wako of other Dioceses. KASTKR OKFKHINCiS. A motion is to be brought forward, setting apart the offertories of Eiister Day, for the exclusive use and benefit of the Incumbent. Since, up to the time of my' consecration, I mysolf was always tendered, and gratefully re ceived, this freewill offering of my people, I need scarcely say that this motion will havo my hearty support. THE RECOGNITION OF THE DIETY IN THE FEDERAL CONSTITUTION BILL. Twelve raontlis ago, I addressed you at some length upon .the attitude which tho Adelaide Convention had assumed towards the humble prayer of those who s night for recognition of tho Deity in the Federal Constitution Bill. I remarked then, that nothing done or said at Adolaido could bo regarded as final. It is now gratify ing to know that wiser counsels pro vailed, and that in tho Bill, which is now causing such heartburnings, and which, so shortly, is to be submitted | for your acceptation or rejection, | humble reliance upon the blessing of Almighty God is prominently ex pressed. Whatever wo may think of tho body of tho Bill, every right thinking man will hail, with his strong approval, its most proper preamble. CDEUOY ASSURANCE FUND. As some members of Synod are uncertain as to tho excellence of tho Clergy Assurance Fund, and as others act as if they had lost faith in it, I think it is most advisable that wo should, at an early dato, obtain an actuarial opinion. This is providocl for under motion No. 3. Sliould the actuary's criticism bo favorable, and thero is roason to think it will be, nlthough it is vory probable that ho may suggest aomo alteration in the Ordinance which deals with this fund, then I shall ask the Clergy nnd the Liiity: to give this matter their whole hearted attention. OTHER MOTIONS. ' ? Motion No. 4 deserves the attention that it. seeks ; and tho last motion on to-day's business paper, according a vote of thanks to Mr Lindsay White head,, will, I venture to thiukybo.: car ried with acclamation. ' ? ..,!.'' THE JUBILEE FUND.. . The reports and balance-sheets of the. various funds will bo placed ' upon the table for your inspection' and ndop tioni To one of these. I ? wish espec ially to refer. The Jubilee Fund was initiated at our last session to : relieve the Bishop of what was becoming an intolerable burden. For tho thought ful kindness which prompted 'that act, and for its substantial fruits, I am ex tremely grateful ; and if it bo, with a somewhat lighter heart that I address you to-day, it is to you, my brothers, and to many other kind friends, that I am indebted for this better f ranio oi mind. ? '. ' loan on manor's lodge. We may oxpoct, very shortly, to sec the release of that portion of tho late Bishop's estate which is stink in Bishop's Lodge. The thirty promis sory notes, of i £30 each, which the bank required. to secure its advance of £600, havo been obtained, and the securities for the £2000 about to be advanced by the . Australian Mutual Provident Society, are being prepared by the Society's solicitors. It is easy to imagine tho pleasure tho late Bishop's executors will experience when .the matter is finally settled ; and, person ally, I thoroughly appreciate the kind' ness of those who signed the promissory notes. I regret that Mr. Whitehead is not here to supervise tho scheme for tho payment of the£G00 to the Bank; but I urge tho dioceso to enter into'il with enthusiasm, as we are in honoi bound to relieve, the signatories as soon as possible. When this isaccoinplished we shall have to face the more difficult task of raising the £2000. During the interval wo may reasonably expect a brighter outlook and returning prosperity. ? ?? CHINESE MISSION. I desire, to bring before, your notice the position of our Diocesan Mission to the Chinese. Until recently out responsibility for the working expenses of this Mission has beon a comparatively light one. Towards tho stipend of £75 per itunum, paid to tho Chinese Catechist, we have, been receiving extraneous help, amounting to £50 per annum. Of this £50, £25 has been withdrawn; aud. tliore seems to bo little hopo of our getting tho other £25. Under these circumstances wo must bo prepared. to bear the whole expense of the Mission, or hand over the work to those who may be able and willing to. take it.' At a recent meeting of the Diocesan Council, it was decided that I should approach tho N.S. W.Church Missionary Association, with. the view' of obtaining from this Society, tho conditions upon which' it would continue our work. At the present! time, correspondence is passing between/; us:;' and. I aih' hopeful that arrangements cau-bb made,' which will proyo .entirely, satisfactory to nll.con cerried.;/. J3ut jUpoii this question I shall seek the guidance of Synod. . . ;. ^ i- DiOCESAV.CHUHCH PAPER. :f Thb subject of a ? Diocesan Church Paper, was., fully f discussed at' four, lost session;'; ancl :tIioRov; 'C^'Eldrid 'under- took, to father the scheme.- Although a prospectus was. issued,. and tho cost of' publication obtained, yet on account ofdomestic trouble of long duration, Mr. Eldrid has been unable, to- give his time to 'the work.- Arid, now he has returned to tho diocese to bo laid up with ' a very serious .attack of typhoid fever ; stfserious, is his state that therb' arc at thu present time, but.faint hopes of his final recovery. ' Indeed, its' late as yesterday, all hope wits abandoned ; but '.he ' lingers on,- nnd,.;iuny.. ,'Goil Almighty^ givQ;.liiin^st°rangtli JJoj^ally. I am sure wo all most deoply sympa thiso.with theso distressed and anxious members of his faiiiily^wlujaro watching nifdiwuiting, for every sign and token of returning health. ' ' '?.-?-.? s.p.o. grant. .?.-;.-: :??!.-;: As most of you already -know, a grant, of £800, 'extending' over. ii period of four, years, for the maintenance of living agents in the Church's work in this Diocese, hits been made -by the ?S.P.G. . ; ; ?'i::'''.'-y--el::;2:\\. : ? ' THR MARRIOTT DE(}'UESy.r;;.,,V . /. A further grant of £980, boing a portion of the Marriott Bequest, comes from tho same Society, and bos boon distributed in tho following manner : — Towards the oroction of churches at — Oxloy, £100; Carrathool, £100; Booligal, £100 ; Mulwala, £120 ; Jeril derio, £100 ; Tocuinwnl, £100 ; Moss giel, £50 ; and towards the erection of a school at Hay, £310. Of theso churches, that at Mulwula has been built and consecrated. Tlio church at Jorilderio is nearing completion ; whilst tenders have boon callod for ono at Booligal ; and plans havo beon prepared for a similar building at Oxley. How vory much wo are indebted to this great Society, for so favorably regarding our appeal, goes without saying. The £800 has come to us in our . sorest need ; and will enable us to respond to calls, that, otherwise, wo could not possibly entertain. Need I say then, that wo thank the S.P.G. from the bottom of our hearts. ? c.c.c. society. Our thanks aro also duo to the Colonial and Continental Church Society. This Society; not only con tinues 'its grant of £100' pur annum, but increases it by £25. s.v.c.K. ' Nor must we .forget the Society. for Promoting Christian Knowledge, which is always- helping tis, and which,: this year, has enjoyed its bi;ceritonn'ary celebration, .having been founded in tho year, 1698. ? I ' hove referred so fully, on other occlusions, to the broad compass of the S.P.C.K.'s work that I ?need hardly '\ repeat it\ here. ?. Sullice-it to say, - that its' ' 'latest gift of historical and scriptural slides havo boon highly' appreciated;- in Hay ; -and promise to 'be ? of great educational . . and . devotional value throughout the Diocese. ;C- '? - ? v EXTKA- DIOCBSAX. THE AltCIlUISHOP OF SYDNEY. '; Leaving our own affairs and taking a more comprehensive' view of the Church's life and work, wo would, in the first place, offer our hearty con gratulations to the Most Reverend tho Primate of-. Australia upon his being constituted Archbishop of Sydnoy ; but wo nicst not forget that of these titles, tho old and familiar ono is perhaps the more Honorable . Already,tho Diocesan Council has tendered His Grace its humble greetings, and I take this oppor tunity of assuring him of our constant loyalty and unwavering esteem. , ''?? NEW GUINEA. The Church in Australia has great cause for thankfulness in tho appoint msnt of a chief pastor for Now Guinea. By the consecration of Bishop Stojie AVigg, our mission to that vast island hits assumed its r normal form, and upon this . foundation we may-1 confi dently.: expect the rearing, up ;of a glorious superstructure. ? At ? the last general Synod, on behalf of Rivorina, I made myself responsible for an annual contribution of £5 towards the maintenance of this : work ;niid seeing what are other Dioceses are doing, wo should not rest until we have' multi plied that sum by five. : : : -~:: THE LATE I1ISHOP SELWY.V. It is impossible to cast our eyes over the Pacific Ocean .without thinking of that heroic soul that was called to go up higher on the 12th ? February last. Bishop Selwyn was tho heroic son of that heroic father, who founded tho Molanesian Mission./: Ho wasja .man of splendid physique/and in his-youth he twice rowed in the Cambridge boat, against Oxford ; but by a long sojourn in a most trying climate, ho had so undermined;. his health that ho; had eventually to i bo 'borne away from his work. Being present at tho . Lord Mayor's banquet iii 1895, I.-was inuch impressed with all I saw and heard ; but nothing impressed me so deeply1 as the entrance into the Mansion House of Bishop Selwyn, on his crutches. 'And surely,' says Canon Gore, 'the hero spirit worked in every fibre of that crippled body, the more conspicu ously by tho very . contrast of : its carthim vessel. That body itself was crippled byJ. the malarial fever which took possession of him iii some of tho unhealthy islands of Jiis Molanesian Diocese. In a real sense .the fever never loft him, but it noyer 'quenched that burning spirit. To see liim in his zeal,' iii liis'courage,-in -his unpreten tious humility, in his single Jieurted lovn, was to feel what it is to be' a Christian. '. v ??--?'; V ?' '. ' .LAaiUKiil. 'CONFERENCE. ,Tho meeting of, the, Bishops of tho Anglican Communion . at' '; Lambeth Palace is aii' event of suoli 'unfrequent occurrence, and of: such .?vast import ance, Unit I must crave tho indulgence of Synod,' whilst! reoouiitthose results of their deliberation, which nro of universal interest. Not being present , myself, I shall best attain my object by redding portions of tlio Encyclical lettor::-^. .-, . '; ?':;--.' '': :? ?? / ; :.' i , ??:: : '?: To ttic Faltiili'il hi Jesiis Cliri.it, greeting—1 W«, ArchliMions, lllslioiis Metropolitan, mill olhcr Million* -of thu Holy Oatliolla Cliurdi !u full Com 'mmiioiiwltll the Church of Knjilami, 11)1 in number, [nil havlnfrmiperlntcmlenccover dloccsM or lawfully i-oiiimMonc'l loc.vurdsc episcopal functions therein. !iunqniul«l from i|Ivcm i-art.i of the earth at UinlKtji ! l'aU- n\ in tho year of our Lord 1*17, under tho 1'rcsl !.lcncv of tho Moat Ksverend Kreclerlck, l.y Wvlne Providence Arehhlsliop of Uaiiterlmry, I'riniate of all lEttglonil, and MetraiKilltan, after rccelvlni' in West imlnster Alibey tho Messed Sacrament of tho L'jrd'a iBo-.ly uml tnowl. ami uniUnp: in prayer lor thu i;uid. ancc of the Holy Spirit, liavioi; takon Into usimlileni. 'lion various niiestlons which have liccn miliniitt«I to nsaffectinii tin.' -vtllaro of 0«r« people and the con dition of the Church in divers parti of the world. ' Wo have made these matters the subject of careful aud serious dclihcratlon during the month past, lio'.h n 'cueral conference anil in committees K|icclally ap pointed to consider the several question?, and we how connnend to the faithful Hie conclusions «t whWi we uivc nrrlveil : We begin with the question* whWi affect moral conduct, inasmuch at moral coiiilunl Is made \\-i our i Ixjrd tlie test of the reality of rollgtous We. , v. . . ? : Intemnctance still coutiiiiira tii bo one of tlioeh'lct hiudrauces to rcllijioQ iu the sreal masa ot our iicopio. Ihoro are many cxwllent societies engaged. iD tho conflict with it, but they need steady and rcsoluto perseverance to effect any serious improvement. It * imnortant to lay stress on the essential conditions of permanent HUCCC33 in this work-namely, that it should ho tiken up in a reliKloui epirit m part of Christian devotion to the Lord. Wo desiro to repeat, with tho most earnest em phasis, what WMuid on the subject of purity by tho asl Conference:, Ond we reprint herowith the report which that Conference unanimously adopted. And hero is a portion of that report — Wcspcak as thoso who arc deeply conscious of their reiponsiliility before Cod for the wonts which they utter upoli a subject of tremendous moment. Knowing, as we do know, how sins of impurity are not only a grave public scandal, but are also festcring beneath the surface, aud cathw into the life of multi tudes in all classes and in all lands, we cannot keep silence, although we dare not utter oil that we know. We arc constrained, as Bishops of the Church of God, to lift up the standard of a high and pure morality, and we call upon all, whether of our own Father, to rally round this standard. Especially do we press upon those on whom lies the responsibility' of the cure of souls, to face the question, and to ask themselves what they are doing, or can do, to protect their flocks from the deadly ravages of sensual sin. .. 'We believe that, although the public conscience is in some degree awakened, and the self- sacrificing efforts of those who have labored to -this end have not been wholly in vain, yet (lie awful magnitude ol the evil Is but imperfectly realised. We arc not blind to the danger of dealing publicly with tho subject of Impurity. We dread the effect, especially upon the young, of any increased familiar ty with tho details of sin. Notwithstanding,- we hold that the time lias come when the Church must' speak with no uncertain lone. ? We solemnly dcclara.that a life ot purity Is alone worthy of a being created in the linage of (lod. Wo declare that for Christians tlie obligation to purity rests upon the sanctity of the body, which' is the 'CTcmple ot the Holy Ghost.' ? ? ? Wo declare that a life of chastity for the unmarried U not only possible, but iscommanuVl by God.' ' We declare that there is no difference between mm and woman in tho ninfuliieJS of sins of unchastlty. .. We declare that on the man, in Ills Cioil.giveu strength of manhood, rests the main responsibility. .Wo declare that no one known to Ire living an im moral life ought to be received in Christian society. We solemnly protest against all lowering of the sanctity of marriage. Wo would remind all whom our voice may reach that the wrath of Cod, alike in holy Scripture aud in the history of the world, has been revealed against thci nations which have transgressed the law- of purity ; and we solemnly record our conviction that, wherever marriage is dishonoured and sins of the flesh are lightly regarded, the home-life will be des troyed, and the nation itself will, sooner or later, de cay and perish. \- We thank Ogd for tho: readiness, and even enthus iasm, with which tho 'movement In- favor of purity has been welcomed by young men of every class. There is a generosity and chivalry among the young which is selidom appealed to in vamn ; while large numbers are deeply thankful for every aid in the desperate battle against the sins of the fcash. Once more, as witnesses for Cod, we would speak to all whom our voice mav reach. ' lie strong in tlie Lord, and in the power of His might,' Live pure lives. Speak pure words. Think -iiliro thoughts. Shun and abhor all that is not of perfect modesty. Guard witli nil jealousy the weak anil the yomr.'. Abo\« nil, pray for the sanctifying grace of the Holy Spirit of God/1 that your whole spirit and .soul and iKHlymaybc preserved blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ.' SANCTITY OF MARRIAGE. .The maintenance of the dignity nad sanctity of of marriage lics at tho root of social purity, and there fore of the safety and sacrifices of the family and tho home. Tho foundation of its holy security anil honor is the precept of our Lord. ' What, therefore. Cod hath joined together let no man put n-.uudcr.' We utter our most earnest words ot warning against the lightness with which the life-long vow of marriage is often taken ; against the looseness with which those who enter into this holy csUte often regard its ob ligatloin ; and against tlie frequency nnd facility ol recourse to the Courts of law for the dissolution of this most solemn bond. The full consideration, how ever, of this matter it has been impossible to under take on this occasion. ' ' The Industrial problems of the present day present themselves under the double aspect ot justice between man and man and sympathy with human needs, it it widely thought In some classes that the presenl working of our industries is unjust to the employed nutl unduly favorable to the employer. It is obviously not possible for us to enter up:-u the consideration of such a question in detail ; but we think it our duty to lircs* the great principle of tny biotherliood of imti and to urgo the liimjrt Ino'a of bringing tint principle to bear on all the relations between tho»= who are connected bv the Us of a uwrinn employment. Obedience of this law of bratherhoxl would ulti mately, in all- probability, prevent many of the mis chiefs which attend our present system. Thcro U nothing which more .tends to promote general employment and conseouently genuine com fort among the people than tlie maintenance of peace among tlie nations of nnnkiud. Hut buides aud above all considerations of material . comfort stands, tile value of peace il^eif as the great characteristic o the Kingdom of our Lord, tlie word .which heralded His entrance into the world, the title which specially distiiiguishcsllini from all earthly princes. There in be no question that, the influence of the Christian Church can do more for this than any other that can be named. Without denying that there arc just wars, aud that we cannot prevent their recurrence entirely yet we are convinced that there are other and better ways of settling- the quarrels of nations Sall^y^seiiueS ^ES'.SE tionin place of war saves the honor of the nations concerned, ami yet determines the questions at issue with completeness. War bmtalises, even while it gives opportunity for the finest heroism. Arbitration leaves behind It a generous sense ot passions restrained aud justice sought for. Tho Church of Christ can never have any doubt for which of the two modes of aetcnniiilngnatlonal quarrels it ought to strive. We nass from moral questions to ccclcsiajtical, and first to those which niaylw called internal. TUB O11OASISATIO.V Ol- THE AXOLICAN COMMCMO.V. Every meeting of tlie Lambeth Conference deepens the feeling of the unity which originally made the conference possible,; and now gives Increasing value to its deliberations. There are differences of opinion amongst us, but the sense of belonging to' one body, subject to one Master, striving towards one great aim, grows stronger as the meetings nre repeated.- In order to maintain uild still further develop this unity of feeling, we desire first to secure steady nnd rapid intercourse between all the branches of the Anglican Communion, for it is certain that thorough mutual knowledge is tlie only aurc basl3of all real unity ol life. As ouo step toM'anlUhis we propose to forma central oiwnlutivo bodyjor wipiiljing information and advice. This body must win its way to, gcncr.il recognition by the services which It may bo able to render to tlie working of tlie Church. It can have no other than a moral authority, which will be ilevclopcd out ot its action. Wu have left the formation of it to tlie Archbishop of Canterbury, whs already liiidi him self called on to do very much ot what is proposed to be done by tills council. Ileyoud this pjint we havo not thoughfit wise to go. Hut wo desire to encourage the natural and spqntiucous foriintion of Provinces, so that no Ilishop may lie left U) act absolutely alone, and wo think it desirable that, in accordance with the nncicut custom of the Western Church; tlie Metropoli tans ot these Provinccsshould.be known as, Arch, bishops, recommending, however; that such . titles sliould not be assumed without previous communica tion to the other Ilishop) .if the Communion with a view, to gencral recognition. THE CRITICAL STUDY OF THE BIBLE. Wo pass on tu tlie consideration of the standard* of nil our teaching, the Bible and the Book of Conpuon Prayer. The critical study of the Bible by com petent scholars Is essential to the maintenance in tlie Church of a healthy faith. That, faith is already in serious danger which refuses to face questions that may be raised either on the authority or the genuine ness of any part of the Scriptures that, have come down to us. Such refusal creates painful suspicon in the minds of many whom we have to teach, and will: weaken the strength ot our own conviction of the truth that Cod his revealed to us. A faith which is always- or often .attended by a secret fear that we dare not inquire lest Inquiry should lead us .o results Inconsistent with what we believe is already infected with a disease which may soon destroy It. But all inquiry Is attended with a danger on the other side unless it he protected by the guard of rove rence confidence, and patience. It Is quite true that there have been instances where inquiry has led to doubt; and untimately to infidelity, llut the best safeguard against such a peril lies In that deep reverence which novcr fails to accompany real faith. The central oh ect of Christian faith must always be the Lord Jcius Christ: Himself. The test which St. Paul gives of tho possession of the Holy Spirit is the being able to say that Uesus is tho lord. if a man can say with his whole heart and soul that .Jesus In the Lord, he stands on a rock which nothing can shake. Read in the light of this conviction, the Bible. beginning with man made in the Image of God, and rising with ever-increasing clearness of revelation to God taking on Him tho form of man, and throughout it nil showing in every page the sense of the Divine ' Presence inspiring what is said, will not fall to exert ts power over the souls of men till tho Lord comes again. '. This power will never really be affected by any critical study whatever. The report of the com.1 nii'ttcc deals, in our Judgment, temperately nud wisely with the subject, and we think all Christian people will llml it worthy of careful coustdcra Tim hook ok comxon ntAVHii. ' The Honk of Common Prayer, next to tho Bible Itself, Is the authoritative standard of the doctrine of the Anglican Communion. The groat doctrines of the, faith arc those clearly set- forth iu their truo relative proportion. And. wo hold that It would be most dangerous to tamper with Its teaching, cither by narrowing .the breadth of its comprehension or by disturbing the balance of its doctrine. .Nevertheless, it is true that no book can supply every possible need need of worshippers in every variation of local cir cumstances. - We- therefore think it; our duty to alllrm the 'right of rcvery Illshop, within the Jurisdic tion-assigned to him by the Church, to set forth or to sanction additional services and prayers when he bj. icves that God's work may bo thereby furthered, o, the sjiirltuil ntcti.5 ol the wonhlppers more (ally mst, audio adapt the prayers already in the book to the sprcial requirements of his own people. Rut we hold that this power must always bo subject to any limita tions imposed by tho provincial or other lawful au thority, and the inmost cam must be taken that all such addition! or adaptation] must be in thorough harmony with tho spirit and tenor of the whole Hook. KSCOinuOKUKST OK TIIKOLOOICAL 8TUI1V. There is a general complaint that the facilities pro vided for theological study hi many of the colonies and dependencies of Great llritiln are not siilllcicnt, anil that there is very little recognition ot prallclcncr in theological knowledge. It is a serious defect ill the working of tho Church If it fails to produce men who can deal rightly with theological questions. The wrong handling of such questions mav easily lead and has of ten led to serious errors both iii doctrine and practice, and Ignorance of the subject leaves the Uhnreh defenceless against manv attacks. The Church cannot fulfil all her duties without having men of learning among her divines, and this especially np. plies to such a Church as aim, which founds all her teaching* on Scripture and antiquity. The great meant provided by God lor instructing the conscience of the human raco is the Ilible, aud for Interpreting the Ilible, nc\t after the Ilible itself, tils study ot tin. writings and practices ol tho primitive Church is of paramount importance. We cannot use the-e in struments with effect unless we have a thorough knowledge of both. We, therefore, earnestly com mend to all Christian people, and especially to those who arc connected bv commercial or other relations with the colonies, the duties of aiding ami establish ing colleges aud scholarships for the instruction of colonial students in theology, and we commend to the careful consideration of the Church the question how best to encourage men to give themselves to fiat study by arranging that same accredited author ity shall grantdegrecs to those who have attvincd a high standard of proficiency. TUB Him- OK TIIK CHURCH TO TUB COLON! HS. We have just spoken of one of the duties which tho Church owes to the colonies, but there nre others of no small Importance. It is a duty to the colonies to encourage the freest and fullest communion of spiri tual life.betwccu the Churchmen at home nnd the Churchmen abroad, nnd especially betweou tile clergy. Clergymen well fitted for colonial service are not always well fitted for home service, and clergy, men well fitted for homo service arc not always well fitted lor colonial. And this must, to a certain ex tent, put a restraint on free exchange of clergy be tween the two services.' Hut subject to this neces sary caution it is gooil for. the Church that men should go from the one service to the other; and under proper regulations this ought not -. to be dilli cult. To this claim of the colonies must be added the claim on behalf of some of them for continued, and, if possible, Increased pecuniary nid. Many of the colonial churches cannot yet stand alone. The pro* Tisiou of collcgcsaud schools', and of endowments for bishoprics and the like, though we arc liound to con template Its withdrawal In course of time, yet must he maintained for the present if wo do not wish : the work already done to to undone for want of funds. Tiie colonists arc our own kin, nnd-wc cannot leave them to drift away from the Church of their fathers. I have said so much upon the unity of Christendom in 'previous addresses that I have thought good to pass hy all refcrenco,: at the Lambeth Con ference, to this very important subject. But I cannot conclude without reading the brief, but pertinent reply, , of tho Archbishops of York and Canterbury, to a letter which Cardinal Vauglian undertook to write to thorn ; and this, somewhat discourteously, seeing that their letter was not addressed to him. ' Lambeth Palace, S.E.,March istli, lsns. ' My Lord Cardinal— We have carefully read the letter addressed to us by your -Eminence au.1 the Ilishops associated with yon under the title of ' A Vindication of the Hull ApoH Meat Clinic' ' Hut we (to not, see how anything would be gained by ngaiu going o.ver the ground covered by the Dull ' Wo need scarcely add that we arc quite unable to admit the claims made iu your opening paragraphs as regards the power and authority of his Holiness the Pope. Such claims h ive been deliberately nnd con sistently rejected, not only by the Church of Kig laud, but also by the great Churches of the Hast; Nor can we allow that these bodies have given any evi dence of that chaoi which von suppose to be 'inevi- table where the Papal claims nre not accepted. ' In one respect it seems to us that your letter hardly justilles the title which vou give to it of a ? Vindication ot the Hull Aimtloiieue Vnrm.' For the null, though it deals with tlie matter, the form and the intention of the Ordinal, makes no direct re ference to the doctrine ottransubstantiation, whereas in your letter the acceptance of tint doctrine is prac tically constituted the one sure test of the validity of holy orders. Had his Holiness (iu his Dull) followed the line of argument which you havo now adopted, our answer must have taken a different form. Itu wo could not answer what he did not say. The Church of Bnglnnd has clearly stated her position with respect to tills doctrine, and it is unnecessary for us to say that we heartily and firmly concur iii the judgment which she has pronounced. ??It is, for us, simply impojsiblo to he llcvc it to bo the will of our ton! that admission to tho ministry of the Church of Christ sliould depend upon the acceptance of a metaphysical dellnition, 'expressed In' tenui of nredlioval philosophy, of tho mysterious gift bes towed in tlio Holy Eucharist ; above all when we re member that such a definition was unknown to the Churchin tlie carlyage3 of its history nnd only pub licly affirmed by the Church of Rome hi the tlilr teeiith century. .-.:.: : . ?:? ' While we earnestly beseech Almighty Cod to fu|. fll iu His own time and way our Saviour's prayer for the unity of His Church; we sorrowfully heliove tha among the hindrances to this fiillilment there are few more powerful than the claims of suprcm icy and in fallibility alleged on behalf of the Pope of Rome, nnd the novel dogmas which have been -adopted from time to time by the Roman Church. ... ' We are your Eminence's servants In Ohrlst, V ; ?_? :??' , ' ; 'P. C.lXTUAIl. *- ' ' ' 'WlltEMl. EllOH. ' His Eminence the Lord Cardinal Vauglian.' If it accomplishes nothing else,- this letter will serve as a lesson in good manners. Nor miist I omit something dlso. ,'? Tho ..Roman, Cardinal was a little hasty iiirteljiiig .our Archbishops that our orders' had no likelihood of recognition frorti tho Orthodox Greok Church. An e/iiiuently representative body' of the Russian Clergy, : the Moscow Clerical Academy, has lately issued a long treatise, entitled ' Tlie Hierarchy of the Anglican ; Church,' andthey sum up in those words :— (1) '.'The historical roalityof tho apostolical; succesion'iu the English Church is a fact proved beyond all possibility pf dotibt ; it is to be unhesitatingly ac-. knowlodged that the consecration of Archbishop Parker is cortaiu. and un questionable ; all tho pretences which have been raised against tiis ocmsocia tion and against Anglican cqnseera-/ tions fail before tho .bar... of -criticism ' (2) The present Auglican coreinony of ordination corresponds to every demand of Orthodoxy, 'and1 all ! ordinations administered- iii- .conformity; to' .tliis ordination-rite must bo acknowledged1 as real and valid.' .. ;..;;?. ...... ---?;.. ?? .?'_!?, 'V'M'1- ??;- ? ? -? £Thps6 of yoil wlio k'uow what warfare' tit tho latter : end. of . tho ' nineteen obntury means ; and those of you who can but faintly imagine what, it in volves, must, with mo, deoply deploro tho commencement of hostilities be tween America and Spain and will hoartily ondorso tlio' words' of the Lambeth Encyclical upon international arbitration. , We devoutly hopo and gladly boliovo that tlio present war will have a speedy termination. . . Much more, on various topics, I wanted to say ; but we must bo up and doing. The workers fall and thu ranks close up, and tho vulnerable, but unconquerablo and majestic ship of tho Church calmly forces her way ovor the tempestuous waves of this trouble some world. And although there may bo misunderstandings upon tho decks, and confusion of tongues below, there ii One on the bridge who knows His own nijnd^and who, in the mightiness of His1; power, wi|l', bring' order out of confusion, and direct His ship to eternal victory, In the meantime, my brothers, whore are wo, and what aro we about! There are before us splendid oppor tunities of showing our loyalty to Christ Jesus our Master, and tho Cap tnin of our salvation, which, once missed, may never present thoniselves agniii. In sincerity and truth lot us enter upon tho work of . this session, doing all for tho greater glory of God. May His Holy Spirit so temper our deliberations that the words of our lips and tho meditations of our hearts may always bo found acceptable in His sight. 