SQUIRE JOHN; OR FOR THE LOVE OF A BONNIE SCOTCH LASSIE. By AT. GEORGE RATHBOP.NE. author of "Under Egyptian Skies," "Miss Pauline of New York." Etc. CIL-APT"ER VII.-DIAMOND CUT DIAMOND. The picture when Travers proclaims his identity is certainly one well worth seeing, e-specially the consternation stamped upon the features of that re maakable man with whom 7:ack holds his Interview. "Senor Roblado is apparently strieken dumb for the time being: th,- h::nd that holds the smoking cigar tr-mbles as might an aspen leaf, and his rit.ree ba!ck eyes under the shaggy grey brows are fastened on the Yankee with the 1lk of a hungry wolf. "You are the genuine Jack Travers! fou who sit there dare to tell imn that 52 coolly as you might speak of your cigarro! Poor Dios! man. I a:dmire your nerve, though you have come? n-:tar Fhi't tering mi.e- with your deviiish intelli gence. I feared treachery: I !prepared against it. hut hola! you over-w:it*!'n me. Still, a Roblado never surrenders; we sometimes die in the last ditch." "Ah, senor." laughs the tantaliring 'Jack, "you remember I warned you it tvas full thirty feet from my window. .ahd a hard pavement that of Princes street. Don't do anything t., tempt me, I beg." The senor, who has risen half-way from his chair, drops back again : one glance at,. the muscular figure of the "American has convlncol the Spaniard that he cannot hope at his age to cope with such an athlete. "All the Fates must be against me to bring you here at such a time. I be lieved you dead, Jack Travers." he growls, hardly knowing wha.t else to "So did my dear friend Howard, and he had good reason to believe himself haunted by my ghost, since it was by his " orders I was waylaid, robbed, and thrown into Dead Horse Canyon. But I amn a favorite of Fortune; and I escaped, as you see, to bafile your schemes." "Then we have lost everything. You have swtept the board, Senor Jack; but there is one thing still left to inme." Senor Roblado has no longer his hand upon the throttle-valve controlting his remotions, which, up to this moment, have been kept in wonderful control, considering his fiery nationality. The barrier is swept down by that fierce rush of the tide, and as he hisses across the table, his usually suave count-mance takes on the expression of a fiend. The crisis is-at hand. Thanks to his long training. Jack knows just how to meet such an emer gency. He has one elbow resting on the table, and supports his head care lessly with this hand. "What might that be, senor?" he smiles. "Revenge. A Spaniard never for gives an injury. I have lost a fortune,. it may he, but in return I mean to have \--your. life!" With the words, the fiery Castilian gentleman suddenly produces a revolver, end presents it at the head of his com panion. It is so close that Jack can look into the chambers and see the !-ad en messengers snugly ensconced, and awaiting the signal to go forth. lHe sees something more. "Ahna! you do not flinch. You are a man of nerve; but that shall not save you. See, the clock yonder is about to strike the half-hour. When it sounds I shall fire. This day, which has seen the charming Jessie a wife, shall also see her a widow;" and his manner declares 'that, regardless of consequences. RIob ilado is bent on revenge. "Ah, senor, you have been in America. In Culxba, and learned of their ways; but there is one thing you seem to have for gotten which no cowboy in Texas ever omits-that is, to pull back the hammer of your gun before you shoot.". The Spaniard gives/ a cry of bitter chagrin, and draws back his arm to remedy the fault, " 'hen Jack's feet t!ies up from the side of the table, and the p'inted toe of his boot coming in contact with - Roblado's wVlst, the instantaneous result is a re. .volver whirling across the apartment. ,A snarl of rage from the senor. "Sit you down, sir," says Jack. calmly, and there is a terrible emphasis to. his voice that has an effect on Roblado. though in all probability he is intluenced more by the sight of a little shining wea Don'which Jack has taken from thle drawer of the table, and the ham:ner of .~hich is drawn back. Roblado is not a madman, theireftore he refrains from rushing on certain death. Fuming with rage, he drops back into his chair, a picture.of unutterable fury.. "Now, sir, let us have an understand ing. I shall put my weapon away again, slhce I believe you will come to your senses and reallse there are better ways of getting even than by murder." A sparkle of cunning flashes into the eyes of the don: he has suddenly remem hered that, after all, when the game ap Spears last, he has a winning card up his sleeve. The girl! She is in his power--ihe believes in his affection for her, and will do what he says. It has appeared to him a great joke thata the man selected to stand up with her in the marriage of convenience should lose his heart to the wife to whom h'e has given his word of honor never to seek again. Now he sees in this fact the one weak spot in Jack's armor - the chance for evening up matters-and se mar Roblado begins to come again to his s?eses. He picks up his cigar from the table where it has fallen, and replacing it he tween his strong white teeth, endeavors toimitate tile clever coolness of the trinerlcan. "You seem to run this game as you see it; Senor Jack. Tell me what you pro pose doing in the way of terms," he: says, •sullenly. "Of course you reali;se that I bltd the fort. Sly identity has been ,provenl and I am now in a position to claim the vhole estate. A portion will eventually fall to the lady in the case, but srnl, time must elapse before this can'he dln". In the meantime, senor, I wouuld like to, cn tribute to the support of-my wife.' The Spaniard smiles coldly. .As he realises tihe powr of his one tr?.lnl) card, his old curining returns, though n,'.- re Slforced by a desperatet hatred for this man, who has plnyed with him as: a cat does with a mouse. He-I can n ver for give such humiliati:n. "To what extent does the sner nr; an t, go?" "Anything reasonable until she conm-s ito her own. As I am forbidden t, s'-, her-.by the terms of our agr:, :-rnt, I shall have to deal through you, as he: agent" "WillI you draw me , cheiqult :o ten! thousand pounds now?" 'I will--not. That sort of game don't iwork, my dear senor. A thous nil would see you through in good shape until mat ters can be arranged. This is no black mailing game." "Did I say ten thousand? I meant twenty, or it mighlt be thirty." lurstiues noblado, vindictively. "You jest. surely?" "A'h! you refusle. She shall knlow how much you care for her comf' rt. Ten thousand-a mere pittance, sir--::a rumbh fetm your abundarnce. But I do net de pend upon your generosity to live. Peor IDos! I have other mea:ns. e e can whidt until she comes into her own- yes,. 'a?it in the sun-!!ssed isle beyond the seL, where tihe cold winds never freeze lthe h'arm bleeod of a Spanish gentleman. 695 Keep your pounds. Senor Jack; neither I nor my daughter would touch one of them. lest It should chill our hearts. Af ter all. the case does not turn out so badly. since she will come into her third." Jack hardly hears the last of his chat ter. One sentence has rivetted his attention. and caused him considerable alarm. "You speak of quitting Great Britain of going to the isle across the sea. Sure iy you do not mean Cuba, senor?" lie asks. "\Vhy not': My interests lIe there. ani my first wife is buried in H:lavana. Yes, I surelly mean Cuba." retorts lfRblado. glad to s,? he has given his opponent a thrust. "That feve.r-racked. war-tossed couln try! T'alk, her there' at this time: You I,:2 st not.'' "Senur, I s.'!0. An: I your vassal that you should use such language to me ? I go w'lhere I p.lease. and when I please. .A Spanish gentleman does not take his ordl-rs fhroel a Yankee.'" ,Don I:fatel rises o, his feet and folds I!s arms across his chest. Now his atti ude is :;imply supe rlb. As a painter he has studied heiw to pose; :nd lout for tii, se.rious sulbject thtll engages his at Ltention. 1ckit would feel in the humor for latppin' his hands and applauding the picture lpresentel to him of a proud Spanish grandee. ".1llut Jess-.e; 1 'rill not permit--" "Yout ca;nnot pl)evenlit Iher acc(inllllany !?,' ite of he" own free will." "Bhte is np w-ife." "I: nall ultn!. You yourself have ::gee?d neler to exercise any rights of a iusband unless she s: wills. You dare not deny it. There is no law that can l prevent her travelling with her father. %We sail from this country; she disap pears fromn your sight for ever. Ah l Senor Ja.ck. who laughs now? It is pe'r hops. my turn!. Thus am I revenged. I was a ftool to think of violence since theere is a bett'er way through the heart. See. 1 ith yotir permission 1 pick up my dis carded lirearmnl and return it to my poe !et. I would not injure a hair of your ir.e -here; but if you dare to follow me to that land beyond the sea, the hour ain'.' colne whvllen the insult you have l'offered neo to-day will be wiped out in I,lolod. sir. Now. I :111m going, and if we neover meet again, you can occasion ally remember, as in a dream, the charm ing Scotch lassie who. on your wedding night. e:nie into and went out of your life for ever. Adios, Senor Jack:" and with hlis mocking laughter floating into Travers' ears, Roblado bows himself out, leaving the American still seated at the table. C'HAIPTER VIII.-LEFT IN THE LURCH AT GLASGOW. TIhe Spaniard has had his revenge. Jack never moves for some minutes atter being left alone in his room. His gaze is still fixed at the bold picture of Edinburgh Castle as outlined against the sky; but his thoughts are hardly con neLcted with that glorious nlasterpiece. To Cuba ! This fair. Scotch lassie whom a strange freak of Fate has thrown in his way ill such a manner that their life-lines have crossed will soon have gone over the broad Atlantic to the Gem of the An tilles, where the terrlibi Yellow Jack lurks and revolution is in the air. The hare thought causes him to grind his teeth with anger. He knows that Senor RIoblado will never forgive the nmanner in which he has outwitted the conspirator's. His hot Spanish blood has bt-en u'rousiaI, land henceforth it nmust lK war to the knif'',between them-as the Castilian himself would put it, guerra al cuchillo. In ctntulri-s agon.t wonderful things have haplpened in that rugged pile upon which he is gazing. The history of most that Scottish hearts hold dear is con tained within the walls of the famous castle-in the oflicers' mess-room, be sides the battle-torn banners, mementoes of the most amazing fields in history. Slmay he see-n vweapons and armor c:arried \- by bra've ment who had hearts of steel. The conflict that lies before him pro mises to call for just such qualities that win in the end. If he gain the prize he must work for it. That harsh decree prevents him from doing boldly the one thing that might promise immnediate success. If he breaks his word he gains iher contempt, and anything sooner than that. So Jack, the philosopher, realises that he must play his game very carefully. The Spaniard appears to have it well in hand, but at any nlolent he may make a false move, and it is Travers' design to be an hand when such occurs, in !order that he may take dval\intage ''f it. His cigar, which he has snioked me chanically, though vigorously at times, becomes exhausted, and, as he tosses the stump out of the window. Jack springs to his feet. To Cuba ! Yes, around the world if necessary will he follow. Then greater the difficulties.; thlit arise in his path the more resolved he becomes to accomplish his honorable purpose. If it lies in the power of mortal ma-n, Jessie Camceron must be his. The :law has given her to hinl already, lut that counts for nothing without her heart, her love. Alrerdy has her sweet image been s, indelibly implressed on his helart that ihe feels she is his fate--tihe one woman in all the world whom HeI-I;tven has inten ded to influence his life. Yes, he loves her; ihe delighlts to dwell upon the fact that only a cmnlp'aratively few hours ago hier hand tctually touched hIia, while their eyes met in 3. heart searching gaze. While fulfilling this strange tduty made mandat,,-y by tile will of hier. eccentrc relative, and the positive desire of the only father siYhe h?:d ever known, had she not explressed hel" pleisurreat finding the man to whonl slit' must be wedded in this business way a gentleman? Jack has not forgotten a single inci dent of the preceding night. nor will he to the hour when he quits this mortal splhere, since they are engraven lon his heart. It is long after five when he le:aves the I hotel. andt. accompanied by the ever faithful Ahi Sin, walks along Princes st'eet. Anll interview with the head of the police force is what Jack seeks. He de sires to have the elements of law :andll or der on his side in this struggle against the schenler. WVhen he has acqluainted this shrewd gentleman with the facts, and explains wha:t hle desires, lie son secures the ser vices of : priv-ate detective of great re pute. The orders given are to keep a watch on all Senor tolblado does. and report often to Jack. When this had been done, Travers wor ries no more, but prepares for an early flitting, believin= the scene of the dr:ama must soon be chl:anged to more tropical surroundings. BIeing in the vicinity of Trin ity IHIospital. he conceives the no tion of stopping to ascertain how the victimn of the hansom accident. which changetd the whole course of his life, may be getting on, and is surprised to tind that Howard Spencer has gone. Hie spent the night in the institution, and had his wounds attended to, but with the earliest hour when allowed to depart tie had done so. Jack knows hlie will ses more of this man at some future day. The other hates him because he has endeavored to injure Travers, who was once his friend,. and has in tilmes gone by dolle hlim mlore than one favor. Vhen ingratitude once gains admission to the 1human.heart, it lhave.s no room for any but the baser passions. If he meditates any evil towards Jessie Cameron, hle had better be wary, for the girl is fast assuming a place in Jack's mind that is sacred, and he stanllds ready to exhalust every mealns in his power to defend her. The night comes on slowly. Jack has dined, and feels that, like the famous philosopher of old, no fate can harm him. News from his agent is what he awalts,and meanwhile rides round the city on the top of tramcars. He has before now visited the lions of the place -wandered through what remains of Holyrood Palace, seen the interior of St. Giles's Cathedral, looked upon the house of John Knox, and viewed the city from Calton Hill. .About nine he enters the hotel, and flinds a message awaiting him. Of course. it is from his agent-written in pencil and in a hurry. They are just leaving for Glasgow. Will go by same train. Follow me. and put up at St. Enoch's Station Hotel, where I will report. Jack turns to the proprietor. "WVhen does a train leave the station opposite for Glasgow?" he askts. Upon referring to the time-table the other answers: "In eight sfi:tules, sir." "I shall take it. Have iny bill ready when I come down." Half a minute to reach his room, a full sixty seconds in which to toss his things into a travelling-bag with the help of All Sin, and get back to the office. The proprietor finds his account paid in a jiffy. Jack is out of the door like lightning. dow,'n the court to Princes street, and across to tihe'station, followce'd Ib his retainer bearing the luggage. i-To has his tickets purchased. and c-nters a carriage with Ahl Sin and thl luiggag'e just as the prompt signal is given and the train moves. Such success breeds a hope that the future may have much in store for him. The ride is uneventful. Reaching Glasgow, a cab is taken to the hotel, and Jack seeks rest. having left word in the office that any message ar riving is to be brought to him at once. for he believes the mission of the artist to this city? on :ch. C!?'de is to sail on an Anchor Line steamer for New York. Whence Cuba may be reached. Another day and no word. How heavily time drags! Jack grows resitless. Cant it be p.as sible his shrewd agent has lost track of the ganme, ,uttwitted by Spa;ii:sh c(In ning? Hei arouses to the occasi:,n and makes inquiries himself. A steamer-the An choria-saild for New York. Passenge'rs must come aboard the night before, as she leaves at a little after midnight. He seeks the booking- office. but no one has taken passage under the names he knows. It louts. then, as though he will have to come prepared to watch the gang plank, and. if he discovers thiose? he seeks. go aboard himself. At the hotel a note awaits hilm. Smtthers is awake and on tl.' track. He bids Jack be ready for action in case a voyage is the next thing on tilt pro gramme. This seems significant of action. " That evening, as Jack enters't the dining-room, a gentleman hastily leaves whom lihe has not noticed. and who seems rather anxious to avoid r-co- nmi tion, which is not at all strange seeing that it is Howard Spencer. Jack has actually bt-etn under the samt" roof as those lie seeks for almost twenty hours, and yet never once dreamend of the fact! It draws near tt'i ol'cl,ck. Shadows have fallen. Clouds obscure the sky. and the nigiht promises to be a dark one. Jack has decided to drive to tile dock of the steamer and carry out his phut. Ah Sin has charge of the luggage, and waits in the cab for his master, who lingiers to exchange a few sentences with tile clerk. Just at this time a messenger brings a note for him. What luck! In another moment he must have missed it and up on such little matters great events hinge. Meet me at the Tron steeple in the Trongate without delay. I have as tonishing news. There is no name. Hie does not re cognise the writing. Certainly it is not the same chirography as that of the note that came to him in London, and to which Juanita confessed. Still, he sees no reason to doubt the identity of the writer, and believes it is the police-agent Smithers who sends this startling request. Jack does not hesitate. A few words t~, Ah Sin sends the Chinesc direct to, the sti'a:ner with directions to, wait for him at the gang plank. Ah Sin knows only oledienue to the letter. Ieallnwiiil,, .lack hastens to ti,. TriIrn at e. He knows, lie can reach tlte .splt iu d'c:tted in a very brief timen: 1lit as minutes alte precious he dodges the piedestrians in his hurry t" arrive. The Tron Church projects over the !liavement. with an arch, uilnder which pedestrians pass, and a better spot could hardly 'e- appointed for a rendlezvous. [teaching the place. Travers looks sharply about for his agent. Oni the way hie als Se-ll .Lnroups of rough-look ing men talking at the corners, and al though they are doubtless laiw-abiding citizens. smethirng in their appearance strikes him as odd. Perhaps it is the fact that nearly very mlan iiwears- a cap, usually drawn down ovetr the eyes in a way that is bound to make thet most harmless individual have a most bold and burglar-like appearance. Tramears pass, and people are moving. It would hardly appear to be the place one h.\o- hald evil designs wouldI select in order to carry them into practice. Having once been tile theatre of many an execution, when the crowds jostled elbows to see justice dealt out to those condeinned, one might im:agine memories of the place would deter rogues from haunting this scene of early-day justice: yet niumerous evil schemes against the peace of the good citizens if Glasgow have been formulated under the shadow of the Trongate. Jack grows uneasy. Minutes are pMss ing, and a suspicion is beilng shaped in his mind that perhaps this is but a trick of the senor to beguile him until the hour fot the sailing of the steamer has passed. HIe h-as about come to the conclusion his bIest planl is to stop tile next emnpty cab that comes along, and make for tile landing stage regardless of the startling information which the writer of the note has promised, when his attention is attracted towards a man advancing along the street, who appears to be looking to tile right and left as if in search of some one., "Ah!" mutters Jack; "doubtless my man; but if Smithers, then he is sailing under other colors. Jove! hlie has cut oft :a foot from his stature. At any rate, I'll wait for him, and prepare to receive } boarders." Thie short man notices him s.tanding there. "Are ye Mr Travers?" hle asks. Jack replies that hlie usually answers~ to that name when at homne. "IIave you a message for Ine?" hie demands. The fellow glances round cautiously. No one acppears to be near-a fact Tray ers has noticed, and deems so signi!Icant : that he keep-s hiis eyes fastened keenly on tile other, suspecting treache-ry. I "I have. sir. Come a bit closer. The lady told nu- to be very, ver-y careful.," is thle tiansxer he receives, olly it is in broad Scotch. - Jack is thrown a trille off his guard by the mention of a lady ill tile case. Then this- messenger colnm' fro!n JulTn ita, perhaps---ohl rapturel --from Jessie herself. He does not suspect that this has been artfully brought into play for the espe cial purpose of disconcerting hIim. The Glasgorw man has taken some thling from his pocket, and Jack. keenly on the alert, bends forward to see what it mnay be. Thus he hears not the light footfall behind, because of the rumble made by a vanishing tramcar. A peculiar hissing sound causes him to turn his head. but ere he can fully acconmplish this design, a heavy object descends,.and it seems to Jack as though i the heavens have fallen, since he sees. a myriad stars. He falls to the ground helpless. As in a dream, he realises that two men sup port him and tell a passer-by he is a ' 7;':" - /: ,:!i:· :.; . · ? ":.;/.Y / "::." , I-: boon companion unfortunate enough to have partaken too freely, yet all the while Jack's vocal organs, as well as his muscular powers, seem paralysed. Then he feels them lifting him up and placing him in a vehicle: he hears the driver shout to his horse, and with the motion of the cab. all consciousness leaves him, for some Gone has kindly placed a handkerchief saturated with chloroform over his breathing appara tus. Whlen Travers opens his eyes he is in a dense fog with regard to his where abou ts. The stars shine overhead as bright as ever they did, and behind a cloud the remnant of a once proud moon hides her blushing face. Jove: he must he out on the plains again, and all these strange incidents but the fancies of a disordered mind. Many a night has he slept under the stars in Texas. when playing his adv-'n turous role as a cowboy and ranch owner. The night air is cold. nnd Jack. Vithl a shiver. involuntarily reaches our for h:s blanket. Then he ,discovers he has none. What are those seunds. Surely such as never greet the ear upnn the borders of the lonely Staked Plain-the ringing of bells. and the shrill screech of motors switching the freight vans. Amazed. Jack lifts his head. "l'hlan he "r:es: a grunt, for the movement causes him pain. His surpilhis" grows: niny lights hash before his eyes-why. it is as though he gazes from a height upon sonic grat slumbering city, and the odour of .elnke In the air is very familiar too. (To be continued.) 