. SELECTED 'PAPER. MUTINY AT SEA. In "Cassell's Magazine" for June is ail ar ticle ou mutinies at son, by Mi-. Alfred T. Story. Most of the talcs told relate to adventures in the Pacific. As a specimen may be given the yarn told to Captain Heath, at by a trader named Pascoe, who many years previously was one of the crew of the Walter T. Towgood, a schooner bound from San Francisco to the Sauuwich Islands: Just before they sailed a smart-looking young fellow of eight-and-twenty came on board and asked for a berth. As they were a man short, the skipper, after some private calk, engaged him, and he imme diately turned to, and lent a hand with the r»5t. He was very quiet until they had been several days out. Then, suddenly and completely changing in manner, he became the most entertaiuing fellow in the ship. He had no end of talk, plenty of yarns, and "a mortal deal of opinions as we others couldn't understand a bit, but which com pletely bamboozled and befooled us," was Pascoe's way of putting it. In short, before they had reached Hono lulu Damer had so thoroughly got the minds of the crew as to have induced them to consent to take possession of the schooner, and go and settle in some island "away south." The details of the plot were left entirely to Damer, all agreeing im plicitly to follow bis advice. The'captain was an old man, who had many ups and downs, and not a few losses in life, but had recently started life afresh with a young wife, and a lot of fresh hope, "and,"' said the spinner of the varn. "ne was a good soul.' Such a good sort was he that, in agreeing to fail in with Darner's plans, the ;:rew made the stipulation that no bodily ,jurt should be done to the skipper. They ;iiade no such bargain in regard to the mate, he only man of the ship's company who Vas not with them; and nim Damer settled 'jrith one night when the two of them were >n deck alone. No one saw the deed; but "Pascoe said he heard a splash in the water \s he lay in his bunk, and a hatchet lying on the poop with blood on it told the rest only too well. This was the signal to complete the busi ness without further delay. Accordingly, about four bells, as the captain came on dec-];, be was seized by three of the crew, led by Danier, and immediately placed in a boat, with some water and food, and so sent adrift. "I shall never forget the old man's look, as he stood up in the boat appealing to us. his white hair falling about nis face," said Paseoe. "I can't tell you all he said, but I remember how his voice broke as he told us that he had left a young wue at home with a baby at the breast, and he said " 'She has nobody in this world to protect her but me.' "Then he turned to Darner, and said " 'I took pity on you, Damer, when you told me of your fault, and that you wanted to get to some place where you could begin life afresh. Will j^ou not take pity on me, and on my poor wife and child:' "Damer only laughed at him. He was the hardest scoundrel I ever knew. It seems, as 1 heard long after, he was a college-brea man, who had seen a good deal of life in different parts, but had at last got ap pointed'to a post-first or seeond officer, I believe-in- epAncction with the court at Sati Francisco.' Shortly after he joined he was offered a bribe by someone in difficulty, and he took it. He was found out and condemned, and would have had to go to gaol if he had not got out of the country. "After we had lost sight of the old man we were baffled about by variable winds for several days, and, would you believe it, sir, as ] was leaning over tne taffrail the (Inn! or fourth night, alongside of Darner, who should we see but the old man in the boat ? It was no ghost-no looming-believe me. It was the very boat, and him in it, as I live! And he appealed to us almost in the same words as licfore, only they seemec more solemn as he stood there in the star light, with his hair fretted about in the wind. And-the recollection of it auivers me still-that infernal Philadelphia lawyer had got us so bewitched that we all stood (bore as hard as-what is it?-the nether uiillstone, and let him perish. "Well." continued the old man, "the same thing happened again the following night, or the night after that. Again the poor old skipper begged us to have pity on him, and on his poor wife and child, and when he saw there was no pity in us, he said " 'Be sure your crime will find you out, men.'' "After that some of us began to relent, and Damer, being angered to see it, ran down into the cabin and got a gun, and just as the old man was falling away frorr. the schooner again be fired at him, and I saw him drop down into the boat as we shot out of sight." Afier a pause, wiping the perspiration from his brow, Pascoe continued "We saw him no more. But after that there was 110 peace in the ship, ft; it^TpT command, and steered for trie Fi-"i.i.r?* lint he acted so tyrannically that ,enW' was ready to throw hiin over boa-1 and? believe would have done had the; t-^ u?' bo afraid of him. The cook in i maddened; he would never give h , a c;^f or even a decent word: BO to be tn ^ him one morning Al'Evoy ;v ^ poisonous stuff in his coffee; and > i(J have seen Damer presently aqvii: in(. 'J ilie deck, with groans and cries , mX £ frighten you. Not a man would I, h him not a man would help him; and hen vi was dead-after I don't know hm- W 0f tortures-he was just hauled ovcii rd like a dog. "Our crime found us all out, n ))e ^ skipper said it would. The first nd we sighted we scuttled the ship, a i . ^ent ashore in our second boat. We . ported that our vessel had sprung a leak, nd wt were forced to leave her. All of 8eptt. rated soon after; but not a man dared £ back to civilised parts, and so some of '! used to meet from time to time. But yc;. ? after year I beard of the death first of oi; and then another, all coming to'some noise; able end; and now I think I am the on one left, and I woulu willingly die too it wasn't for the fear of something that i always in my heart." 