The Cumberland Argus. Ryde and Gladesville. A 'Watch Trouble. — There was great excitement in the neighbourhood of the Ryde Council Chambers last Saturday evening after the stumps had been drawn in the cricket match Ryde v. Drummoyne Collingwood. There was a large crowd, conspicuous among which was the well known figure of the gallant Senior Con- stable Ross with a puzzled expression on his countenance, and it was whispered from one to the other that ' Cakebread has lost his watch — someone shook it.' The said Cakebread looked as though he had lost ten years of his life as he strolled about with his hand listlessly in his empty pocket. It transpired that when he had' ' peeled off ' to play he hung his coat containing his watch and chain on the fence. When he went to put his coat on again, both watch and chain had mysteriously disappeared. He was afterwards handed the chain, but not even the commanding presence of Senior-Constable Ross in full uniform could bring about the producticn of the watch. On Sunday morning someone in Drummoyne found the missing watch in his pocket, and it was eventually restored to its rightful owner. Attempted Burglary.— The fact that burglars are still about was forcibly de- monstrated to Mr. W. A. Foulcher, grocer of Church-street Ryde, on Satur- day morning last. There were unmistak- able signs on that morning on the back door of the store of an attempt having been made during the night to effect a forcible en- trance, but whether the fastenings proved too secure or the midnight prowlers were disturbed is not definitely known. How- ever, they didn't get in, which is a matter for congratulation to Mr. Foulcher. Gas at Last.— The lighting of St. Anne's Hall, Byde, by means of kerosene has always been a subject of complaint by those using the hall. It is gratifying to learn therefore that this long standing de- fect has been remedied at last. The gas has now been laid on. A GBiMlscPBOYESfErr.— Messr* Dakin and P&rkhaye; just completed an £S00 job, which constitutes a great improvement in connection with the CHadesnlle Hospital. It involved the reconstruction of the swim ming baths connected with the institution, the construction of a new boatshed 30ft by 30 ft, with gangway and floating pontoon, and the making of *a miniature dock 12ft. by 20ft. The alteration of the swimming baths proved a somewhat weighty under taking, and Mr. J. Park, who had most to do with that part of the contract, is heart ily glad that it is finished. To guard against the intrusion of sharks and such like undesirable bathing companions, the outer side of the space set apart as swim ming baths was guarded by 150 piles, all of which had to be drawn and removed' and substituted by a stone wall in loft of water. The piles had been there for upwards of SO years, and to rexaov* them, as may be imagined, was by no means an easv task. And it required soase skill to bmla a sub stantial stone wall ?under loft of water, and 250ft in extent. It is satisfactory to learn that the whole of the stone used in the construction of tJtis wall was procured in the Bvde district— from Mr. Park's quarrv at Kitty's Cretk. The Building Trade. — There are evi- dences in Gladesville of an early revival in the building trade. Mr. L. Mackenzie, whose wedding was recently announced in these columns, contemplates building at an early date a substantial and modern cottage ressdence in Wharf Road, Glades- ville. The plans are already in the possession of Mr. J. J. Dakin, the well- known Gladesville contractor, and opera- tions may be commenced before the month is out. Another Gladesville man, Mr. W. Hillyer, of Wharf Road, is also speculat- ing in the building line, though not at Gladesville. He is having a terrace house built at Paddington by the Gladesville contractor, Mr. J. J. Dakin. The iNDtrsTRiAi. Exhibition-. — The turnover in connection with the Industrial Exhibition organised for the purpose of angumenting the funds of the Uladesville Presbyterian Church amounted to £'100, whi A was a very gratifying and satisfac tory result. The net proceeds, it is antici pated will reach about £50. The first thought that will no doubt suggest itself to the mind is that the expenses must have beeiiTeryheavT. The difference, however, is not accounted forby theexpeoses which were comparativelj- light- Most of It went in purchases for tt» exhibition, which were of coarse disposed of at a profit. A Mistake. — There are some good folks in Gladesville,-partiou]arly members of that valued organisation known as the Glades rille Progress Association, whose actions are scarcely consistent with the excellent principles they advocate as being necessary to follow in order to encourage and stimu late the march of progress. Fer instance, such an act as rushing off to Sydney and leaving. Kioney there for printing, is not compatible with a genuine desire to eee the place go ahead when there ,ia such an institution as a local paper, the very exist ence of which depends upon business of. this- sort. It costs no more to get printing done locally than to get it done in Sydney, and surely the ihining lights whose flowery oratory have earned a reputation for the Gladesviiie Pro£ress Association have suffi cient discernment to recognise that the newspaper man can't live, move and' have hisberag merely by chronicling their elo quent speeches, or by puffing up their industrial exhibitions, school concerts and the like. It must be evident to the small est-understanding that a local paper is a great help to a district. But it requires money to keep it ?oing, and that money is Erovidedasagm'-rf pro quo for value received y those living in the district — not by going to Sydney for their printing, and thus rob bing the district of the trade which properly belongs to it Thb Wages Qussnoir. — Alderman firkin raised a-stoim about his ears by the views he- gave expression to at the last council meeting concerning the wages paid to ratepayers permitted by the council to work out their rates. His idea is that all men emploved bv she council should re ceive the same rate of wages — that is of course for ordinary road work— and he gave notice of his intention to move at. next meeting that all ratepayers eoiplDyeJ in working off their rate* should iu future be paid at the same rate as the council's per manent daymen. He was told he would . not get a seconder to his motion,- and that there was a vast difference in the value of some men's work. The council, in em ploying those ratepayers was assisting them, but that was no reasou why tbey should be paid more than they earned. ? Mb. Tebbt's Pbkdictiox. — It will be remembered that Mr. E. Terry in his speech at Drummoyue, now tendered memor able from the fact that it was issued in connection with the 'Sixty Seasons' pamphlet, predicted that 5ix months from that date Reid would either come to the end of his tether, or he would have to declare a Fair' Trade policy, and that FairTradewouldeventnally become the policy^ of the country.' The revision of tiie tariff as now proposed by the Premier verifies that prediction. Freetrade with an element cf Protection is not Freetrade, neither is Protection with aa element of Freetrade, Protection pure and simple. That which is fair to all, is what Mr. Terry calls Fair Trade.and Mr. Terry is a Fair trader to the very backbone. APABKTOBEEsaxGTON.— Mr. E. Terry, M.P., has had a communication from the Lands Department to the effect that the Minister for Lands will cause a sum to be placed on the estimates for a park for Ermington. There seemed not the ghost of a show of getting a park -a short time ago, but now we, in the Byde electorate, are threatened with parks to the right of us — parks to left of us, parks in front of us- parks behind -us and parks all around us. Chicsst Mattebs.. — A meeting of the committee of the Ryde Electorate Cricket Association was held on Tuesday, five clubs being represented. Mr. H. Bettmann (Hunter's Hill), was voted to the chair. Ermington submitted the names of two proposed new players, G. Hughes and G. G. Blaxlasd. A pernii: was readily grant ed to Hughes, but the application of Blax land, was deferred for consideration until Blaxland became a resident of the district. A permit was granted to Charles F*irland to play with Woolwich, and Boronia asked for permits for R Smith, 1% Allen, W. TuckwelL, and C. GiullianL Here the committee found a difficulty, viz., the ad mission of good players to dubs having the advantage of a handicap. Permits were granted so far as Allen and Tuckwell we^e concerned, but in the case of Smith and Giuliani, acknowledged to be good players it was decided to defer the consider aiicn of . granting permits to them. It was decided oa the motion of Mr. Kirby that all runs scored and all bowling averages made should not count after matches were won. The ' follow on ' rule was altered, increasing the minority which condemned a club to follow on from 60 runs to 100, and with reference to the trophy offered by Mr. Melntosh for the best aver age bowler for the season it was decided that the delivery of 300 balls should qualify. It was reported that, although Mr. Thsele was leaving the district for Liverpool, he would still canyon the work of secretary. Aidisg the I)i5TKESsrD.— A raeetingof ie . Committee formed in connection with the movement to raise funds in aid of the distressed family of William Japp, was held on Monday night, Mr. Rinfiafi occu pying the chair. The' Alathea had been engaged, ind Mx. E. Teny, M.P., asked to assist. It was learned, through Mr. J. Forsyth,. that Mr. Bennett, of Byde, hsd offered tie loan of his horse and cart ia this case far six months. That Cbtteltt Case. — The Byde Bench, in dealing with the case of the police against Campbell on Tuesday, for cruelty to- a horse; did not display that amount of discretion and wisdom which usually characterises their decisions. In the first place the owner of the horse, and not the youth who was in his employ, and merely doing his bidding, should* have been proceeded against (if there was any cause for action to be taken) for causing the animal to bs worked. In the next place there should- have been skilled evi dence, i.e., that of a veterinary surgeon (the Government 'vet.' does not live very far away from the scene of the 'outrage ') to show whether or not the animal was iu a fit condition to draw 3cwt. of deai leaves in a cart. With all due deference to the Bench, it does not follow, because ahorse is old, obviously ' slow,' and somewhat deficient in- flesh and fat, that its employment in- drawing such a light load as ' about 3cwt. of bush leaves,' would constitute an act of cruelty. And it must be borne in mind that the act of cruelty complained of was not beating_ the animal, but working_ it as abovementioned. Skilled' evidence, in our humble opinion, would most likely have shown that the supposition of Constable Kelly and that of the youth Nailor (as it was only their opinion) that the animal was not in a fit condition to work, were without foundation, and the charge of cruelty would consequently have fallen to the ground. In any case the proceedings should have been taken against the master,, aad not the servant. Btde Policb Couet.— At the Byde Police Court on Tuesday, before Messrs.' B. Hilliard and J. Forsyth, .Ts.P., William Humphreys charged, on summons with having been found drunk in Glebe-street, on the 6th instant, failed to appear and 3 warrant was ordered to issue for his appre hension. John Campbell, a lad, appeared in answer to a summons issued by the police charging him with having, at* Pen- nant Hills, on the 1st November, cruelly illtreated a horse by working it when the animal was in an unfit condition. From the evidence adduced In support of the charge it appeared that on the date named the defendant, who is in the employ of Mr. E. Shipton, was driving the horse which wasthesubject of the prosecution along the the Pennant Hills road, attached to a cart laden with bush leaves — about Scwt. ac cording to the lad's statement, which was not contradicted. He was flogging the horse, which ' seemed pretty poor,' and which a Tenth named Edward bailor in the employ of Mrs. Oliver did not ' think ' was in a fit condition to work. The horse was seen afterwards by : Constable Xelly, who=e evidence' was that that ' It appeared very weak and poor and 1 consider it not in a fit condition te work.' The _ whip with which the beating was administered, and the horse were produced for the inspection of the Bench. The handle of this weapon was about the thick ness of a fat man's little fin ger,. and about IS Inches or two feet long, and the thong an ordinary eighteen-penny one. The nag waa somewhat ancient-looking and lazy, and not troubled with a superabundance et flesh, but as remarked by' kersey ' men there appeared to be plenty of work in the old moke yet. It bore a few bold girth galls and signs of old sores oo the rump, bat there were no mark* of violence upon it. The Bench considered that the horse was unfit for work, and fined the lad os together with 4s lOd costs of Court, or three days' imprisonment in default. The fine was paid. 