I CHAPTER IV.—MERELY A NESS ARRANGEMENT. BUSI The last lingering doubt facies from Jack’s mind when he discovers the iden tity, of the jtoung girl who is about to take part in tlr\s peculiar ceremony. Ste-p by step heMias crept along the path, picking up a clue here and there, but until this climax bursts upon him ho has not been able to grasp the whole situation. Now he has it. In order that Jack's motives may ap pear to have at least some degree of saneness in the eyes of the reader, it may be as well to lift the curtain a little at the point of his appearance in the room, and explain briefly what mis sion brings him to Edinburgh, and how strangely the- Fates have undertaken to manage his case for him. "While Jack was wrestling with a fickle fortune in the silver mines of Colorado, he received word through a firm of soli citors in "London that a most extraordi nary event had occurred in the other branch of his family, which resulted in his being made heir to a rich English property over in the tight little island," besides assuming the honored address of Squire John Travers.. . These remarkable events do happen oilee in a while, even in real life, as the enterprising barrister who had hunted Jack up declared emphatically. It chanced that Jack had made a rich strike in the mines about the same time, so that lie was not very eager to hurry, across the big pond and claim his new inheritance. Finally, however, having put his affairs in order, he accompanied the law yer to London. There, for the first time, he learned of a peculiar codicil to the will through which he was to come into possession of the vast estate of the Travers family The. «squire’s part of it was incontestable, and that small por tion of the estate, about one-fifth, which had been entailed, must come to him through the natural law of next.of kin; but the great balance, an enormous property, too, could only be come his own in case he married a cer tain young woman—a distant relative of the testator, who cherished an affec tion for her—which affair must come off within a year. Jack laughed aloud in scorn at the idem .He give up his freedom, and take for his wife a girl whom he had never, seen before,' in order to acquire'qWtaln.,pror ipertyl t .He-would see tlie lawyers in a very. \varm „ place, indeed, before he dren-med^of such a thingi , ’ . • Finding expostiilaition yaili from tile Jnonelary point, since ibis young chap olrea.dy '. possessed a. fair fortune,' the shrewd lawyers' of Chancery- lane changed their tactics. . They -read him, and saw .that, like most Americans, he was 'chivalrous wherever womankind was concerned. So they drew his attention to- the will again, and showed him that.should this marriage, on which the testator had set his old heart as a means of bringing the two trails - Atlantic branches of the family together again, fail to be consummated, the vast pro perty was to pass into the hands of the Society for the Amelioration of the Con dition of the Hottentots. Having fastened his attention here, they showed him over the noble estate, and Jack really was quite smitten with its charms. Then they explained to him that in case of- his refusal “to carry out the conditions of the will, the young woman would he left penniless, even though- it were not her fault the arrangement fell through. . Thus Jack was made to see what de pended on him, and how ungallant it would be on his part to force, this state of poverty upon her. Last of all, these shrewd legal gentle men gave him a photograph of the girl. That completed the matter. He. was already wavering through what he be lieved to be iiis duty in the premises, and the more lie scanned the picture of his kinswoman, Jessie Cameron, the deeper grew- his conviction that it was a shame for him to keep her out of that beautiful property. Of course, he expected to marry some, time and settle down. Why not now, when the Fates seemed so propitious? It ended in Jack .making up his mind that he would secretly seek the presence of Jessie Cameron, and if lie found her all that her photograph seemed to pro mise. he would attempt to win her love under another name. Quite a romantic idea for Jack to con ceive, but he was shrewd enough not to say a word to his lawyers about it at all. His first step was to discover where the yaurig lady might be found, and wit1 out difficulty he learned she was in Edi] burgh. -• $ . ..it -was just when he was starting ft mat northern capital that the your American received a mysterious lette ' -Edinburgh upo The v nter. “who was iiuuuum.v._ woman, appealed to his love of fair play —deelared'-tlia-H thc-rf> was a plot on foot to out-general him, !an'd' that those en gaged in it were unscrupulous in their designs; and finally..hogged him, if the letter should chance to reach him through his solicitors, to meet the writer before midnight on the night of May 2S, or, if not then, the following night, at the Old Toibooth. in the Canon gate of Edinburgh, when strange things would be revealed. Jack puzzled over this missive many He was strongly tempted to ask the advice of his lawyers, but compromised by seeking a friend and laying the case before liim, with the result that he left London for the Eorth on the morning of the appointed day, with only the faithful A.h Sin for company, and, as a consequence, we see the twaiii seeking llie historic shades of the Canongate when the fateful hour draws near. So much for' Buckingham. His -motives are beyond reproach. .What share has Howard Spencer in the affair? That is the puzzle with which Jack has been wrestling, and of which lie. now believes lie sees the solu tion clearly. : 5 Undoubtedly spencer knew in some way tlio full particulars of the matter, and has conceived a. gigantic plan, whereby lie may, palm himself oft a; Jack Travers, marry the girl, come into the property, and strike a big thing. And he ihas corresponded with this guardian . of . Jessie Cameron, this .Spaniard.or.Cuban, who poses: as the girl’s stepfather,, so that the game has all been cleverly arranged. Jack can look hack-to an adventure he had recently, when he was waylaid by unknown men, robbed or money and papers, and thrown into a dc-ep canyon to die; but in some almost miraculous manner he caught in a tree-.-top and managed to save himself. Without a doubt Spencer was the cause of this attempt on his life, made before the London lawyer found him. Spencer must have fled from the region' at once, since to this day he looks upon Jack as having gone over the. Styx, and declarc-s himself- haunted by his ghost. Why lie did not present himself to the lawyers before seeking to marry Miss Cameron, Jack never can under stand, but without a doubt he had reasons for it. . With this brief but necessary expla nation, tiie reader can appreciate- Jack’s feelings, as lie c-nters the room where he is to meet for the first time the girl who is destined to play such an impor tant part in his life. He lias the happy feeling of a man who has become the favorite of the gods, for, unless the. beneficent winds of a fair fortune blew his way, how else can he account for the fact of. Spencer being stricken down at his feet, the chance that led Ah Sin to pick- up the all-important packet of letters, and finally the happy outcome of hie philan thropieal resolution to seek the house cf seven gablc-s, in order to explain the non-appearance of his one-time friend, Howard Spencer. The picture which still nestles next to his heart certainly does not flatter Jessie Cameron. Jack swears under his breath that, charming as he had be lieved it prior to this moment, the photograph is but a wretched substitute for the original. Ho feels her gaze instantly fastened, upon him, and is conscious of a burn ing sensation over his face; perhaps it is a blush, if a sunburned young man can bo guilty of such a thing. Miss Cameron has also turned rosy red, but as he approaches a nallor sue cec-ds. She looks very 'dignified and reserved—there is even a fugitive gleam of fear about her eves, as though the near approach of the strange ceremony causes nervous alarm, and Jack feels a1 great pity stealing over him: he wants to assure this lovely creature that his motives are those of an ljoiiorable man, and that lie stands ready to conform (to the letter of the agreement. The others' have the courtesy to stand -. hack and. allow these principals a few minutes of conversation." ' " , • j This is what Jack desires—the chance ■ to set himself right with: Miss Came-, "W ill you shake hands with me. for I am your kinsman, after all, Miss j Jessie?” he says, upon meeting her. She takes the proffered hand, and her I eyes, which had been-searching his face! in such an earnest,, beseeching manner ever since his entrance, .drop before his ardent gaze. “This is a most extraordinary affair, and I hardly know howto account to you for my share of it. • I am a bache lor, and I had.not dreamed of marrying up to the time my relative’s riueer will! was read to me. Forgive m* if I am j frank, but it is better Vbirand T should ! understand each other.” * | . ~I like,frankness above. Sail things.” I she murmurs: and .Ta^kj takes note of 1 tile fact that her. voice is; quite in Ihar mbny with her charming personality. 1 ‘‘Well, even their'I rcVSltecl, and dc- ! dared I'would give up. Tlid whole'busi- j nessr-'but my lawyers ‘"proved to me \ that if - X did so it. would cause yon to j forfeit;the..'entire property', as your in- j horiting a share of it depended ; on my She raises' her eyes just at this point, aud something like a faint smile flits over her countenance. Jack never once takes liis gaze from: oft her face; he is' like a man under a spell — the little witch has certainly charmed him. “Why,' that is the same argument they used to obtain my consent—that, unless 1 agreed, you would be kept out of all i your property and left, penniless,” she says, quickly. ■ . It is on Jack’s tongue to refute the slander, and tell her he is'already well supplied with this world’s treasure, no matter how the case of th • inheritance goes, but he checks himself just in the-: nick of time. That would be an egregious blunder, for, since her motives, are'-influenced only by the desire to help iiim-'inf-o his: inheritance, she would' undoubtedly withdraw from the agreemenfaf con vinced that her sacrifice is not neces sary to the state of his exchequer. And. strange as it may appear, such a withdrawal is about the last thing our bachelor friend desires at this stage of his infatuation. I To call this fair, kinswoman his own, even though she vanish from his sight when the last words of the ceremony have been said, is just now a consum mation devoutly to be wished. “Well,” says Jack, smiling, “we cer tainly seem in a. position to 1‘espeet one another for honorable and -.cousinly motives. I only hope you will' not bear me any other than feelings of compas sion because Fate gives me a pinch of Paradise and fh'“.i snatches the picture away.” His words can bear but one interpre tation1; but she seems to have a burden on her mind that must be relieved, and at least pretends not to have heard, though possibly what he said may arise to confront her later on and even bring-a sense of comfort. “Cut what can you think of me in consenting to such a thing?” she asks, eagerly. " “That, under the circumstances, you are more than kind at rescuing from poverty at such a'-sacrifice, a kinsman you have never seen, and’I shall always hold you in the most, grateful remem to alter rhi? con She looks anarmed~ab.‘onbG-' ■ y'-N'o, no!” she exclaims, j “T*i\qy must be kept inviolate. Under '‘'any'' other arrangement I would possibly refuse to “And, as I understand: it. after the ceremony that makes us man and wife is completed you pass from.my sight for “For ever,” she echoes. ■ - " Unless at some time, in- the-'future, should you relent-” “I shall never do that. You under stand, this is merely a business arrange ment, and sentiment does not enter into it at all,” she interposes. Jack only smiles quietly.': That was what he himself. thought, only to find out his mistake; and he has strong hopes that she will also in time. (To bo continued.) ' 