THE HAUNTED MOUNTAINS * OR, 'COLONEL CODY'S SEARCH. : ROMANCE OF THE WEST. BY 'COLONEL PRIINTISS INGRAM, Author of the "Mysterious Man in Blue." &e.; CHAPTER LIX.-ONE UNFINISHED MISSION. ' You are seriously, if not fatally -Wounded, I deem it my duty to tell you; but I will do all in my power to save you." -So said the one who had fired. the shot at the Hermit, and who was in the weird masquerade of a spectre horseman. "At fixst- the bullet seemed to- have cut through my body. I grew faint, and it seemed that I had but a few mo ments to live: But then I rallied when you came, and though I am suffering I feel stronger, and the wound may not be fatal." replied the Hermit. The "ghost," as I will call him, had removed the Hermit to his cabin and placed him upon the bed of skins and blankets he found there. .Then he had thrown open the heavy buckskin, coat and woollehn shirt, and discovered the wound just-orer the right shoulder: "I saw that you intended to fire again, and so'aimed 'to wound you in the right, arm; but 'I see the bullet- has passed through the flesh of your arm, grazing the bone, and entered here beneath your shoulder, and I think has not gone very deep. I know very little about sur gery, but can dress your wounds, and help you while you have to lie up." "WTho are you?" '.'Call me Ghost, for just now I am going in the guise of one." "You doubtless frighten many Indians, scouts, and even soldiers, but I do not fear phantoms." "You must have a good conscience." "I have wronged no man or- woman, but I have lived of late years for one purpose." "And may I ask what that is?" "';To kill a man." "Come, you must not excite yourself, for, remember, you are to get well." "I sought -to kill you because -I sup posed you were the:tool of that man." "Who?" S"The Monarch of the Mountains." "I am the tool of no man, though I may appear so." "And yet you serve that man." "That may appear so, too." "I could have killed him, as I said, many times; but that would not do, for he would have died with a secret on his lips that I must know. So I have spared him, hoping to track him; but he has always eluded me, though he did not even know I was upon his trail. But here I am telling to you, for some rea son I cannot understand, just what I would not have him know, yet you do not know me, do you?" "I do not." "I have not told you my name." '"No." "You could not tell him who I am?" "No; and would not if I could." "Then he would not guess, even if you told him you found an old hermit hun ter living in the mountains who said he was his foe ; for he has so many, you know - so many men who would kill him could they do so, could they anly find him; and besides there is a rope w.aiting for his neck. .'But I must first see him face to face, first learn the secret which he alont can tell, ere he dies; and, do you know, I -believe in a just retribution, and that he will die by the hand of one he has cruelly wronged, if not by mine. But you will not tell him all this, will you?" "I will not." "!Do you know who he is?" "I know him only as the Monarch of the Mountains, but I suspect that he is a fugitive from justice, a crime-haunted man, and that he has an evil aim in life, even though he dwells in the moun tains-in fact, I kno\w that he has." The Hermit would have again spoken, but the Ghost had dressed his wounds and said : "You must keep quiet now. I will re main to-night, and then come daily to see you, either I or one other." "The Monarch?" gasped the wounded man. "Oh, no; he shall not know of your existence, I refer to one who will care for you even more tenderly than I can. SNow I will see to the comfort of my horse, for it is growing late, and then come back and cook some supper, after which I will turn in for the night, for -I have had a long ride to-day, and only turned'off my trail to track you." "I will obey you," the Hermit said ; '"for I wish to get well. Mly mission on \- earth is not yet finished." CHAPTER LX.-A NIGHT IN THE HERMIT'S CABIN. The "Ghost" had looked well to the \- comfort of his horse, then piled up wood on the fire, causing a genial warmth to pervade the half cabin, half cavern home of the Hermit. He cooked a good sup per, for he found that the lonely man had a well. filled larder. After giying his patient something to eat, though he fed him sparingly, the Ghost spread his own blankets before the fire and turned in for the night, ready Sto respond to the slightest call of the wounded man. Lying with wide open eyes, for he did not seek to at once go to sleep, he took in his surroundings by thIe bright fire light. He saw th':t the cabin, or log part of the little house, had been built over the mouth of the cavern and joined to the cliff with rocks and clay, so as to make it close and keep out the cold. The logs had been all hewn out with an axe, whilst the window shutters on either side and the door were of thick split timber. The roof was of logs, but did not leak, and it was altogether a Snug home even in the bitter wea3ther that had lately visited that region. ' The bed of the Hermit was a rude cot 4n one corner, and on the.-wall above it hung a irepeating rifle, a double-bar relied shot-gun, a cavalry carbine, and a musket. There were half a dozen re olvers,- too, as well as knives and bows and arrows. .The rocky floor in front of the bed was carpeted by the skin of an enormous .grizzly bear, and other souvelirs of the -ermit's prowess as a hunter were seen an all sides. The cavern was used as a store-room, and, penetrating thlle cliff some twenty feet, was about twelve feet in width and eight in height. A saddle and bridle hung there, and there were a number of .oar-bonnets and'Indian.costumes. Such was the home of the strange man Who dwelt all alone, and who had said that he had a mission 0to perform before he died. . Until his eyes closed in slumber the Ghost gazed about him, and whed he awoke the fire had burined low and the .grey of dawn was streitming through the cracks here and there visible. He arose quickly, and glanced towards hi paltient, for the form was so silent Se - feared that he might, have quietly \- alipped: out of life. -: : "No,; I amniot dea; .but th: waond 574 ---- It was a relief to the Ghost to hear the wounded man speak, and he hastily said: "I. will dress it for you, and then you will feel better. I was so tired I did not move all night." "I slept also until after midnight, and would not disturb you as you seemed to need rest. You have removed the hideous death mask you wore last night, and somehow your face seems familiar to me." ' The man started, stepped quickly to his blankets, and picking up his mask replaced it. Then lie threw wood on the fire, and opening the door, passed out, bucket in hand, to get fresh waL?er at the spring he had visited the night before. He fed the horse while he was out, and watered him, having a bag of outs which he carried with him, and returning to the cabin, cooked breakfast as soon as he had dressed the wounded arm and shoulder of the Hermit. He saw that his patient was slightly feverish. and fearing inflammation would set in, hesaid: "I am going to-day to see if I can get a person to aid you who will be far more useful than I am. It looks as though we were going to have another storm ; but do not fear on that account, for I know these mountains well, and my horse is never at fault,, so I will be back by night at furthest." "You say you will bring some one to this place?" "Yes." "There are but three dwellers in these mountains that I have ever shen, save myself, and the redskins seldom come here from the lower range." . "Who are the dwellers to whom you refer?" "The man calling himself the Monarch of the Mountains, a young girl whom I have seen on several occdsions, and you -who have been playing the part of a ghost for some reason best known to yourself." "We three are all, and the person I would have come back with me to care for you is the young girl of whom you spoke." "But I ktow her tb be the ally of the man I hope to bring to the gallows." "WVhatever she may be to him, let me tell you that she is at heart my ally," was the firm response of the Ghost. CHAPTER LXI.-A PAGE OF THE PAST." The Hermit looked fixedly. at the masked face of the man who chose to be known simply by the name of Ghost, and said; "Is that girl your friend?" "She is." "What is she to the lMonarch of the Mountains?" "She is nothing to him." "She calls him father." "You know this?" "Yes." "How do you know it?" "I have been within the hearing of the voice when she has done so." "Well, grantted; but I repeat that the man is nothing to her." "What is she to you?" "One whom I would serve." "How serve her in these wild moun tains?" "By taking her from them when the time comes for me to do so." "Ah, again I have confidence in you. But what are you to the monarch of the M\Iountains?" "Nothing." "You know him well?" "Far better than he thinks." The Hermit said no more just then, but as the Ghost came to him when ready to start, he asked: "W'ill you unmask your face?" The Ghost at once did so. Long did the 1Hermit gaze into the countenance thus revealed, as 'though he would read it thoroughly. Then he said: "Again I tell you that I will trust you, for one with that face cannot be evil. Throw' off that shroud that you wear and your toque, for I wish to talk 'tb you." "Why not when I return?" "It may be too late then." "Why too late?" "I do not believe the wound you gave me is fatal; but I suffer from it,. and it may be. Should aught happen to me you would not know the truth, and I wish you to do so." "I can now understand why you would have me wait, and though I believe and hope you will come round all right, still it may be as you say; and I will gladly hear all that you wish to say to me." "God bless you, boy-for you are a boy to me, as I have passed the half- century post, and you cannot be over thirty." "I am not so old-only twenty- four." "Then there has been that in your life to age you. But I must not delay you, or trifle with time, as far as I am con cerned, so I will tell you my story." "Only thait I may serve you In case of need." 'Tes; but listen well to all I have to say. "When I was younger than you are, I had a happy home and loving parents, though we were poor, for reverses had come upon my father. In the town where we lived was a young girl,, our physician's daughter, and her beauty of face and form won the hearts of all the beaus, and I fell madly in love with "She returned my love and we were en gaged, she refusing some brilliant offers to accept mine. Among my rivals was a young mall whose father was very weal thy, and who was looked upon as the catch of the place, though he was very fast. Finding that he could not, by false report, turn my swreetheart against me, he suddenly became my friend, for she had then told me nothing of all he had said about me. " Soon before the day appointed for our marriage I was attcdeked by two tramps one nighit, shot, robbed, and left for dead.' But I was found soon after and carried honme, where I lay for weeks between life and death. "As soon as I got well enough to be up, thIe doctor told me I must go away for a change, and my devoted nurse through all quietly rmarried me and went with me. "Recovering my health, I obtained a position as cashier in the .town bank, and all went well for years. Two chil dren were born to us-a son and a daughter-and it seemed that my cup of nhappiness was full in the half a dozen years I had been married. "But I endorsed a note for a frienad-thlis same old-time rival who had afterwards been most friendly with me. He had been away from home for years, no one knew where, and coming home, had en tered into business, and I endorsed his paper, and he, again taking to gambling, as in his earlier years, lost all and ruined me.' "The night before the crash came the bank of which I was cashier was broken into, the watchmdn killed, and the'safe robbed. "Then passed several days of anguish to me. It was discovered that I was ruined, suspicion fastened upon me, and, to hasten with my story, I was arrested, circumstantial evidence condemned me, and' at the trial which followed I was found guilty ofmurder and robbery, and sentenced to die on the gallows." CHAPTER LXII.--A STORY 0F CRIME. - ' The Ghost made. io.comment, .but ll the .Hermit, who, after. aolpause, -as though memories of a .ruel past' had nearly mastered him, resumed his nar rative. "I was sentenced to be hanged, and but for my noble wifeI should have died on the galllyns. "Her father was killed the day I was sentenced by being thrown from his horse, and it was found that he had left her a snug fortune in bank deposits. This she determined to use in my be half;, so that she left hbme with our children, and going.to Mexico, purchased a little home there. "Leaving her children in good hands, armed with. ample funds, and .in dis guise, she returned to the town where I was in prison awaiting my day of doom, and a few hundred dollars properly dis tributed opened the way for my escape. "Her plans had been most cleverly formed, and in a thorough disguise I fled with her to the West; and then down in to Mexico. We lived there for, several years; and r made money; but one day I met a man from our old home, and I feared being shadowed, so we sold oit for our property had become valuable and went to' South America. "From there we visited Europe, dwell ing in France and Germany for a few years, our children all the while growing more bright and clever; in fact, they were regarded as prodigies, as they had learned several languages fluently. were good musicians, and promised to be the joy of our lives. "But we longed for our own land, and after a while decided to risk all and return. We came back by way of San Francisco. I bought a farm. on the border of the Indian country, and we ex pected to live and die the-e in our ihappy home, for I had changed my name and had changed greatly in appearance in the twelve.years tha~t had gone by since my flight. "But, alas i a couple of years after my sojourn there the Indians, that had often been troublesome, swept down upon my happy home, and my loving wife was shot down before my eyes, my children borne off into captivity by the Indians, and I was wounded and left for dead. "But again I recovered, and, going to an army post to get aid to rescue my children, I was recognised, arrested as an escaped murderer, cardied back to my old town, and once more the shadow of the gallow, was upon me. But again I made my escape, this time by the aid of a friend who had never believed me guilty, and I sailed from Boston in a ves sel bound for China. "It was some years before I .again visited America, and I made my way to the West. Civilisation was pushing the indians and lawlessness further towards the setting suln, and I followed in- the hope of finding my. captured children. "One night, in a frontier fort, I was called upon to hear the dying confession of a soldier, as a witness. The soldier had been a hard character -had attemp of Hugh Seaford, and had been shot by him. Finding he was dying, the man wished to make a confession. "Imagine,my young friend, my aston ishment when I heard a confession of wrong to me. That dying man had been the hireling of my old rival and supposed friend, Prince Ashton. I heard him confess how he and Prince Ashton had played tramps and shot me down and robbed me, leaving me for dead. I heard him confess how he and Prince Ashton had plan:let Lu rob the bank and have me accused, and had arranged the plot to prove me guilty. They had murdered the watchman, and I was the sufferer. "I heard him confess how they had tracked me to Mexico, he being the man I had seen tltere, yet did not dream had been my foe. I escaped then,and years after he had recognised my wife in a frontier village, had tracked her home. and the Indian raid had followed; for he was a spy for Prince Ashton, who was a renegade chief among the red skins. He also told how Prince Ashton had carried my children into captivity, and both my son and daughter had es caped from him, but what had become of them he did not know. "That was all lie confessed, except to say that Ashton was a renegade chief and dwelt in these mountains. Then I made myself known by my true name, and the dying man recognised me. Arm ed with his confession and letters from the commandant I went East,' and had the stain of robbery and murder remov ed from my name. This done, I came to hunt down Prince Ashton." (To be continued.) 