LITERATURE. I SPURGEON'S AUTOBIO GRAPHY. COURTSHIP AND 'MARRIAGE. [From our own Correspondent.] LONDON, .August 26. The second volume , of "C. H. Sturgeon's Autobiography,'compiled from his diary, letters,'and record by his wife and his Private Secretary, ? has been issued by the publishers, Messrs, Pasfsmore & Alabaster. There is less of anecdote and more of-con secutive narrative in this than in the" first volume, but the period covered, extending from 1854 to I860, was probably the most 1 momentous in the life of the great preacher. The first chapter is taken lips willi the ac count of Spiirgeon's courtship of Miss Susan Thompson, a lady closely connected witli' 11 je Olney family, who in due time became Ins wife. The story is told by the lady herself, and no one who reads it can doubt' thai: the.-union was that of two persons having an intellectual affinity- as well as ail [ intense love - for ea*el> other. Mrs. fipur geon prefaces the personal pages with the | following touching illustration of her emo 1 tions in entering upou the task undertaken liy her. ' "Many years ago I read a pathetic story, which' is constantly recalled to mind as the duties of this compilation compel me to read the records of past years, ami re peruse the long-closed letters of my beloved, and live over again tlie 'happy days' when we were all-in-all to each other. 1 do not remember all the details of the incident which so impressed me, but tiie chief facts were these. A married- couple were cross-' ing one of the great glaciers of the Alpine regions, when a' fatal accident occurred. The husband fell dowu one of the huge crevasses which abound on all glaciers-the >ope brolre, and. the depth of the .chasm was so great that no help could be rendered, nor could the body be recovered. Over the wife's anguish at her loss we must draw the veil of silence. Forty years after wards saw hei', with the guide who had ac companied them at the time of the acci dent, staying at the nearest hotel at the foot of the glacier, waiting for the sea of i.. ,7,. ;f- . i-r... u;. 4i." ..."n j\\.:c IU UM lift) UUUU, xur, U\ lilt WC1I known law of glacier-progression, the form of her long-lost husband might be- expected to appear, expelled from the mouth of the torrent. about that date. Patiently, and with unfailing constancy, they watched and waited, and their hopes were, at last re warded. One day the body v.-a.s released, from its prison in the ice,'and the wife looked again on the features of him. who had been so long parted from her. jiut the pathos of the story lay in the fact that she was then an old woman, while the I newly-rescued body was that of quite a young and robust man, so faithfully had the crystal casket preserved the jewel which it held so-long. The forty years hud left no wrinkles on that marble brow. Time's withering fingers could not touch him in that tomb; and so, for a feu" brief moments, the .Tied lady saw the husband of her youth, as he was in the days which were gone for ever. .Somewhat similar has been my experience while preparing these chap ters. MLIS. C. II. SLTBCiEON. "After it had been settled," s;iys one reviewer that young JSpurgeon should oc cupy new Park-street pulpit with a view to the permanent pastorate, "Miss Thomp son used to meet him occasionally at the Ih.usc of their common irieutis, r. and Air.-? Olney, and she sometiiiics ivent- ti hear liini preach. About this time slieJff canie alarmed at her backsliding spiritual state, and was moved to seek guidance from one of the pillars of the Sunday school, jMr. Olncy'.s second son. "Ho may have told the new pastor about me," she says, "1 cannot say; but one day I was greatly surprised to receive from Mr. iSpur geon ,uii illustrated copy of 'The Pilgrim's l'rogre.-s,' " with this in.-vnjjl ion:-"Jliss Thompson, with desires for hor progress 111 the blosed pilgrimage, from (\ 11. Spur geon. Ap. 20, 185i." Their friendship steadily grew after thi.*, and on .June 10 the lover made his iirsl "revelation." Tliey were present with a large parly of friends at the opening of the t'ryst.il Palace on that day: - We occupied sonic raised ..-oats at the end of the l'alace where the great clock is liow fixed. As we sal there talking, laughiug, and .diiiisiiig ourselves as best five could, while waiting for the procession to pass l>y, -Mr. tSpurgeon handed me a book, into which he had been occiisionally dipping, and pointing to some particular lines, said, ''Whatr do you think of the poet's suggestion in those verses?". The volume was Martin Tapper's '\lVoverbial Philosophy. . . The pointing finger . guided my eyes to the chapter on "Mar riage." of which the opening sentences ran thus: Seek a flood wife of tJi.v God, for slit' is the best gift of His iirovidence; and so on down, to If Uitm av( to lia\ie a wife of thy voiitli, .slip is now living on the earth; Therefore think of her, and pray for her weal. "Do you pray for him who is to be your husbandsaid a soft low voice in my ear' t-SO soft that no one else heard the whis per. ' ' ' .* I do not remember that the question re ceived any vocal answer; but my fast- beat ing heart, which sent u tell-tale flush to my cheeks, and niv downcast eyes, which feared to reveal the, light which at: once dawned in them, may have spoken a lan guage which love understood. From that moment a very quiet and spbdued little maiden suit by the young pas&r;'s side, and while the brilliant procession passed round the Palace, 1 do not think she took so much note of the glittering pageant defiling be fore her as; of the crowd of newly awakened emotions, which were palpitatirtg within her heart.. The'courtship continued for weeks of un alloyed happiness, until on August 2 the "verbal confession" was made, ."and" Miss Thompson tnade the following- entry in her ! diary against*thai day:-'It is impossible to writedown all that occurred this morning. 1 can only adore in silence the mercy of my . God, and praise Him for all "His benefits.* The love-letters are among the most remar kable love-letters ever published: She is 'My- own doubly dear Susie,' and he 'My dearest;' he 'your much-loved, and ardently loving, C. H. she, ffondly aiid faithfully yours, Susie.'" - On.Julv 17, 1855,' the lover and " pastor wrote from- Aberfeldy, a »Scotch town, which he had reached during a preaching and holiday tour over thf" Border: . "My precious Love-: "Your dearly-prized no to came saf«y t(.V lymd, and verily it did excel ;ii! I hu ve evev read, even from your loving pen. Well, I am.all right now. Last .Sabbath -I preached twice, and to suni'iip all in a word, the services were 'glorious.' lit the morning, Mr.' 1'ai terwri's place was crammed; arid in the evening, lir. Wardhiw's Chapel was oiowded to suffocation by more than 2,500. people, while persons outside declared that quite as many went away. My reception, Was enthusiastic; never was greater honour given to mortal man. They were just as delighted as are the- people at Park-street., To-d-tv, .1 have had a fine drive with my host and his daughter. To-morrow. I am to preach here, it is quite impossible for me to be left in quiet. Already, letters come in, begging me to go here, there,r and everywhere. Unless 1 go to the North Pole, I never can get away from my' holy labour. "Now, to return to you again. ,T have had day-dreams of you whi.le driving along., 1 thought you were very near my. It is not "long, dearest, before I shiili again «en joy your sweet society, if the providence of, God pei-mil. 1 knew 1 loved you very: much before, but now I feel how necessary: you are to me"; and you will not lose much by my absence, if you find mc, on my re . turn, more attentive to your feelings, as well as equally- affectionate. I can now thoroughly sympathize with your teal's, be-, eausc 1 feel in no little degree that pang . of absence which my ? constant engage ments prevented me from noticing when in London. How, then, must you, with so much-leisure, have i'elt my absence from you, even though you Well knew that it: , was unavoidable on my part. My darling, accept love of the deepest and .purest kind from one who is -not prone to exaggerate, but who feels that litre there is no room for hyperbole. Think-not tli.it 1 weary myself by writing; for, dearest, it is my delight to please you, ..md ? solaco mi absence which must be even more dreary to you than to me, since tra velling mid preaching lead me to forget it. My eyt's .'.die for" sleep, but they shall keep open till i have involved the blessings from jtbove-metrics temporal aiui eternal--to rest on the head of one whose name is sweet In me. and who equally loves the name of hev own, her much-loved, 0. H. S." He presented her at this time with a book bearing the title of "'J'he Pulpit Library," the lirst-publishcd volumes of his sermons. The occasion Of the gilt is expressed by the inscription: - '"In a few days it will be out of my power to present anything; to Aliw Thompson, ]jeb this be a remembrance of our happy meet ing:-' and sweet conversations.-Dec. 22, 1855, C. 11. Spurgeon./ ? The wedding took place on January 8, lSI5f>, in New Park-street Chapel, amid great enthusiasm. Prospective brides and bride grooms will be deepb- interested in ,Mr. .Spurgcon's inscription in the family Bible recording the marriage: ai'id not less in the "loving comment" lie added to this inscrip tion eleven years afterwards: - ? '"Charles liaddon Spurgeon and Susannah Thompson were by the gracious arrange ment of Divine Providence most happily married at New Park-street Chapel by Dr. Alexander Fletcher on Tuesday, January Slh, 1830. Am! a«- yo.ir rolls after year Had) io oilier .still ijiore dear. .-G/.w Subsequent chapters o) the book include records 0f the "Early c.it,:eisms and slan ders" to which the pmacher, whose dis courses attracted ''statesmen, nobles, di vines, great travellers," and "all classes o£ the community'' from the Prime Minister downwards was exposed. He was denounced as '"vulgar and theatricil," lampooned as worthy fo rank Svith "Tt in Thumb, tlife Living Skeleton, and othte: delusions," and described as "a ranting felljw and an empty ram's horn," A London correspondent of a county paper, who designated him "a cleri cal poltroon." thus wrote of him:-"1 am told one leading minister of the Indepen dent denomination, after hearing this preco cious youth, said that the exhibition was "an'insult to Cod and man.'' Actually, 1 hear, the other Sunday, 1lie gifted divine had the impudence, before, preaching, to say, as there were many young ladies pre sent. (hat he was engaged-that his heart was another's, he wished them clearly to understand, that-that he might have no presents sent: him. .no attentkvis paid him, no worsted slippers worked for him by the young ladies present. 1 suiipo.se the dear divine has been rendered uncomfortable by ilio fondness of his female auditors. At any rate, such is the iinpre-ssion lie wishes to leave. The t>vly iif pvession, however, he seems t-o have produced upon t*>e judicious few is one of intense sorrov and regret that such things should be, and that such a man should draw." The statement was untrue, and the author of it: ''ud to acknowledge its falsity. Proof of I he marvellous- iniprenaion which S]:urgeon made on the public mind in ijiiite the early days of his career was afforded by the fact that two sketches were published under the title of "The Slow Conch and the Fast Train," which repre sented a "High Church dignitary a.sleep on the box of a heavy chariot drawn by a pair of horse* labelled "Church and State," and the young preacher very much awake and bestriding a locomotive named 'The Spur goou.' ' Here is an anecdote told by t.he aforesaid young preacher, which indicates that all tl'iat is said as to his vanity and self-esteem is not justified. "While he was preaching at the Music Hall, an unknown censor, of great ability, used to send me a weekly list of my nu'spro nunciiitions and other slips of speech. He never signed his name, and that was my only cause of complaint against him, for he left,me with a debt which I could not discharge. With genial temper, and an evi dent desire to benefit me, he marked down' inosl relentlessly everything which lie sup posed me to have said incorrectly. Con cerning some of his criticisms, he was him self in error; but for the most part he was right, and his remarks enabled me to per ceive many mistakes, and - to avoid them in the- future. I looked for his weekly memo randa with much interest, and I tinst I am all the better for them. If I repeated a sentence which I had used two or three Sundays before, lie would write, "See the same expression in such-and-such a sermon,"' mentioning the number and page. He remarked, ou one occasion, that 1 too often quoted tHe line: "Nothing in my hand I bring," and lie added, "we are sufficiently informed of the vacuity of your liand." His own estimate of himself is given iu the following paragraph. \- "I am neither eloquent nor learned, but the Head of the Church" has given me syni patby with the masses,' love to the poor, and the means of winning the attention of the -ignorant and unenlightened. 1 never Bought popularity, and I cannot tell how it is so many couie to hear me; but shall I now change? To please the polite, shall I leave "'the people/' who so much require a simple and stirring style? I am, perhaps, "vulsrniy' and bo on, but it is not inten tional, save that I must and* -will make the people listen. My firm conviction is that we have quite enough polite preachers, and that "the many" require a change. God has owned me to the most degraded aiid outcast; let others,serve their class; these are mine, audio tliein I must keep." ' Those who are .acquainted with the his tory of Spurgeon's marvellous success, know that the New Park-street Chapel soon proved , too small to-"accommodate the LTOvds-ivhk'li flocked to hear him, and that it had to be enlarged; that teeter Hall was filled Vto overflowing when he preached, and. that the immense con "cert hall, capable of holding 12,(51)0 persons at the Surrey dardeus, was also crowded by eager listeners. The^awful tragedy at this latter building, when seven. persons were crashed to death owing to the raising 01 'sonic senseless- or malicious aJarni, iwnen Mused a wild panic among the worshippers, iui.l a most deplorable effect upon the .ireaeher's nerves. >1 is own "impressions ot ihe occurrence" are thus given. this dread calamity i was unaware till, n= 1 \\\;is led down faint from the pulpit, I heard a whisper of it. I know no more, for 1 lost- almost all consciousness, and. vimid the weepipg and cries of many, 1 was carried by a private garden into tlie straet, and taken home more dead than tilivo. '3 here were seven corpses lying on the grass, and many have since told me how grievous was the .sight. This I never taw; but what I had seen might have' been .sufficient to shatter my reason.' It might veil seem that the ministry which promised lo be so largely ?influential was silenced for over. There were persons who said so exuHiiifflv; but they knew not what they Kii«l. i was taken awav to the house of «i friend earlv the following morning, and as I was assisted out of the .carnage at < Yovdoii a working man caught sight of me, suul in a frightened fashion, stammered out. '.Why. sir. it's Mr. Spurgeon. isn't itV_' 1 answered, "Yes."' "Then, ' he rejoined, "it mu^t be his ghost, for last night I saw him tarried OUT dead from the Surrey .hardens Music Hall." ? Mr. Ruskin, if js mentioned, was a fre quent attendant at the Surrey Music Hall, end when the young pastor was recovering from a serious illness in 1858 Mr. Ruskin ?-a!led to see him. Mrs. Spufgeon thus re lates the incident:- . "My beloved was downstairs for the nrst lime that day, and was lying on«the couch in the room T have indicated. How nvil i remember the intense love and ilewUiou displayed by Mr. Ruskm, s> he threw himself on bis knees by the 3ear patient's side, and embraced him with :ender affection and tears. "My brother, .;iy dear brother," he said, "how grieved I sin lo see you thus!'' His sorrow and sym natliv were most touching and comforting, lie ini'l brought with him two charming :ngiavings;-gems of ai'tistie taste, winch .till adorn the walls of one of the rooms at '"Wcj-twood"-and some bottles of wine of s laic vintage, which he hoped would prove : i 'jnhal to the sufferer's much-weakened Yame. My husband was greatly moved by ;l.o ;iivc and consideration so graciously ex tiressed, and he verv often refeiTed to it d'tci wards in grateful appreciation; espe rially when in late)- years there came a ,.hai;ge of feeling on Mr. Ruskin'spart, and l.r" r-u oiigiy repudiated some of the theolo gical opinions to which Mr. Spurgeon jc-.-L-ly ciung to the end of his life. Mr. Spurgeon himself gives this account hi an experience in Tring, a Hereford shire town, which he had visited with Mr. Itlr.cv. The minister referred to was Mr. William Skelton:-"H 1 remember rightly, !ho worthy man V stipend only amounted to about 15s a week, lie had invited us to I;at. his house; but while we rat in lus humble li»nne my conscience rather smote me, because my good deacon and I were iii^iiiuing some of his scanty store of provi sions, and 1 began to think of some plan by iv-bkli wc- could-repay him for his kindness. 1 noticed that our friend was we.armg an' alpaca coat, which was very shiny, and in places was so worn that 1 could see through J( So at the close of the ser vice 1 said to the congregation, "Now, dear friends. J have preached to you as well as 1 could, and vou know that our Saviour said 10 Hie disciples 'Freeh* ye have received, freelv give.' I don't want anything from , em 'for mvself; but the minister of this .kapel looks.to me as though ue would not. .ibiect to a new suit of clothes." ] pointed ?'own to my worthy deacon and said, ?Katlier Olnev. down there, I am sure will t.;,it the collection wUh half a sovereign (he at once nodded his head to connu my state ment i: I will gladly give the same amount; aiid, if you will all help as much as you can, nur brother will soon have a new suit, and 11 good one too." The collection "taken up' was a fairly liirsic- one. Here is a story told which hears witness to Spurgeon's directness of appeal. "\Vliile preaching in the hall on one oc riision I deliberately pointed to a man in liie midst of the crowd, and said, "There s a man sitting there who is a shoemaker; In- keens his shop open on Sundays: it was open last Sabbath morning; he took iiincpeiic-e, and there was fourpence prolit .nit of it: his soul is sold to Satan for four pence."' A city missionary, when going his rounds, met with this man, and seeing that i><? wits reading one of my sermons, he asked the question, "Do you know Mr. Spai jieonY" "Yes," replied the nwii, "1 have every reason to know him; 1 have been to hear ' him, and under his preaching, by Cod'-* grace, 1 have become a new creature in Christ .Jesus. Shall I tell you how it happened? I went to the mn»ie-hall, and Io<ik niv seat in the middle of the place; Mr. Spurgeon looked at me as if he knew ipe and in his sermon he pointed to me, snd't 11 the congregation that I was a shoe maker,, and 1hat 1 kept my shop open oil Sundays; and I did. sir. 1 should not have minded that; and he also said that I took nmepfiiiee- the Sunday before, and that. I here was fourpence profit out of it., I did lake ninepence that day, and fourpence was ' just the profit; but how he should kuow ibat I could not tell.'' Alnch is said as to the vanity of the iiudicnees addressed by Spurgeon, and i his interesting account of one of his appearances on the Continent is extracted from his own diary in lbtiO:-"1 preached in the Cathedral at I Jen era; and I thought it a great honour to be allowed to stand in the pulpit of John Calvin. 1 do not thiuk half the people understood me; but they were very glad to see and join in heart with the worship in wliicli they could not join with the understanding, j did not feel very happv when I came out in lull canonicals, but the request was put to me m such a beautiful wav that I could have worn the Pope's tiara, if bv so doing I could have i,reached the gospel the more freely, lliey said 'Our dear brother comes to us from inother country. Now, when an ambassa dor comes from another land, he has the right to "wear his own costume at Court; out, as a mark of great, esteem, he some times condescends to the luanners of. the 730 people he is Visiting, and wears tlieir Court dress.' 'Well,' I said, 'yes, that I will, certainly, - if you do not require it, but merely ask itas\ token of my Christian love. I shall feel like running in a 'sack, but it trill be your fault.' It was John Calvin's gown, and that reconciled me to it very much. I do love that man of God; suffer ing all his life long,- enduring not onjy per secutions from without^ but a complication of disorders from within, and yet serving his Master with all his heart. . I ask your prayers for the Church at.Geneva." The above are but fragments taken from .this volume, which is very bulky, and con tains'a- vast amount of information about the experiences of the great Baptist preacher during seven of the most memo rable years of his life. " Allusion has already been made to«the caricatures of t-lie "Slow Coach and the Fast Train," and this sketch, which is presented i?i common with many, other illustrations, -was capped Ijy another, -which is thus described in one newspaper notice:-"'Railways were then rapidly superseding the stace-coaches. and one picture of The Slow C-oacli shows the" splendid and formal equipage oL Church' and State, driven by a venerable and lKmderous ecclesiastic, while on the opposite page is The Fast Train, a loco motive with the lithe Spurgeon as driver.;' An even more excellent caricature of the same order is the contrast of 'The Old Conductor',. and "The New Conductor.' the former running an empty omnibus to Westminster and St. Paul's, and announc ing. no reduction in the old fares; the other filled, with Spurgeon standing debon air on the platform, running to Surrey Gardens at 'cheap fares.' There is one patent injustice in the latter, however, which seems to show that the artist was determined not to_ flatter the successful | preacher over-much"^ all the passengers are women, and all the' bonneted tigures who are hailing 'the new conductor' are women. It is mentioned that over one hundred mil lions of Spurgeon'* sermons have been issued, and that they are prized beyond measure by an ever-increasing circle of readers. In truth, it can be said of the preacher in a very special sense that "jie being dead yet speaketh." 