TERRIBLE BURNING ACCIDENT. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS On A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYINPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvishad the misfortune to slip And fall oa the hot water pipes, -and before he couldbw readied he was scalded and bnrnt in a' teriribicrieay The shock of the burning and the falL nOtodto be verv disastrous for Mr: Jarvis, and for waumber oL years after ho was a confirmed inralidj. suffering- terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms or paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated, in the neighborhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting -round again, and that he had had a marvellousjrocovery from this apparent ly inourablo malady. It was on account of those rumors that a. special- reporter from the Sydney " Worker " was despatched to get aliiafofmation ' regarding same, ana one afternoon he made his j way to his house, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thos. Jafvis was discovered nursing a two-year- old baby?', and his face declodd him one of the \ .happiest men in Sydney. Hbvwas up and about and ablate answer the knock at the door. Al though pate and bearing still a Jew marks of a critical illness and a jjeriod of pain, it was very clear that b.e was an invalid no more. reply to the preliminary questions he said " You want to know all about.my ease P Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may bo of value to those who are stricken as Iwas." How long were you suffering P Well, twelve months ago 1 got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas 1 met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney, Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island. What were the symptoms I Simply indescribable. The pains were some thing terrible. They were just about as much as I could boar. They were for all the world like I as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or 1 bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every | one else. 1 was incessantly shivering and shak- I ing, and oonld neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd 1 March last, I saw a well known doctor, and he IJold me that my case was utterly hopeless. T However, he gave mo an order to the Director of ; Charitable Institutions. j Did yon, make use of the order P No i I came home and wont to bed, and have 1 boen pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks i ago I could not walk across tho floor , in faot, I , could not get out of bed I felt then that it was | all over with me, and only a question of days i when I would give up. the ghost. My doctor was | attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was 1 ! under him for fiyeor six weeks. He came to the . I conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor . ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease i j of the spinal chord, cnaracteriicd jby peculiar i-disturbances of gait..and difficulty in co-ordinat ing voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for fenyeais, and th»t I might never 1 get the use of my legs. , (Just then the patient 1 kicked his legs: about with' energy to show that i me iical opiniop is Jiotinfalliblo.) Well, just as i a drowmng njute.-srill fjrasp at a straw, 1 grasped 1 an ido'oopreyed by the advertisement, describe . ing tfe eure effected in tho case of another boiler- ; teaker in England, which I read in the Australian ""Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for 1 Pale People. I "read in the advertisement of a 1 oase which seemed to fit my own. I determined 1 to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box . The effect was as marvellous as it was magiocl. , 1 was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was , the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move 1 about, You see those crutches there P They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. : They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, butjl was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. He is 100 per cent, better, said Mrs. Jarvis? : who had come in and taken tho baby on her knees. The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life, and made another mail of him. A friend who called - in at this, point said that Jarvis looked ten years yonnger that day than he did a fortnight previous. ' I can now. continued jarvis, have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs, Inscribe a 1 the ohange and benefit to Dr. Williamr Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in „ bo pain now: whatever,, and feel, like a new man. Onthe manUepfeoe there is a box of opium mid morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden, the exornoiating pain". Bat they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the. change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite & sensation out here. . ' Such is this remarkable history, and it oonfirms . what is said in ail the chief newspapers of this eountryof the astonishing onres wrought by . Dr. Willijuns' Pink Pills for Pale People. They euro locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal dig ease, also the many disorders whioh arise from an impoverished state of the blood, auoh as pale and sajlow complexion, general uuicutar weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortMtol of breath, pains; in. the back nervook headaeher \- eto.: . . .. . -v.. . - " Mr- J. S. T. M'Gtewem'Hbfcter'ol the Lteot psrty in the N.S. W. Legislative Assembly, war soon by our reporter in ronnfeiibn-'vwtVtfe yf- m triable ease of Thomas Jamsi- Mr. M'Goweit ays be.tewlmown jamiift'bminfanoy. &alan; knew that he had to give up his work atGlebo Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to'- "malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that - J arris was bed- ridden, and that then .ins: little chance of his recovery. He understood! Jarvis was refused admission to thC ' 9yd8<Uf Hospital, as his. ease had been pronoriid 'TilPrtt- ! able. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, UheovsnRqqb; , else who knew the facts, astounded at the ' recovery/of Jarvis. ' . ' _ These wonderful pills are obtainable frwatlMd ing chemists; "or from th6 Dr. William'Ma|Uciae Co., QneenV Place, Sydney, wbofilLformift (post paid) on receipt or itsmpsor potfmcder.QBn :hoxfoV3i.ed., or half dosen that tljs gepe Pr. WilljajnsVipltw. ; 1 