AT THE CONCERT. BY LI C. There is a pleasant superstition prevailing that people go to high-class concerts to hear the great star singers, to drink in their warblings in dulcet tones. I indeed, shared in this simple belief that is, up till quite recently. Now I know better. I have become aware that their presence is due to many other things. There is to begin with, for some people, the exhilarating experience of jostling and treading on the heels and skirts of quite haughty, artiste cratio folks, that on other occasions Keep you at such an absurd distance, and regard you with such an offensive air of cold disdain. In the slow progress along a crowded passage in the fall you can achieve a good deal in this direction, can make yourself even for many slight to injured vanity in the past. Then when you got seated in the hall the sight you see around you is quite worth, coming for. You can have a good time laughing over some that you recognise in the audience who you know have about as much knowledge or appreciation of music as the dog Ponto at home. But there they I are sitting seriously, and studying the programme Uko connoisseurs. At the end of an abstruse classical piece, full of bewildering technique, they become really roused to enthusiasm, and seem determined that the artist must be recalled. They probably remember from other concerts that the encore often yields simple pretty selection, something known from childhood. It is so refreshing to carry home from the concert at least one clear idea. The acreage of costume spread before you is another object of interest. The drawback is that there are so many lovely and hideous dresses to compare and make notes about that there is hardly time to listen to the music It is a wonder that the management does not think of a thing like that. A hint might very well be taken from the conduct of affairs on a racecourse. No one there pretends that the sport is the main thing, and thus intervals of 30 and -40 minutes are always allowed between the races. It gives one time to look about. Think what scope such an arrangement would give in a concert-hall. It would revolutionise tho present state of affairs. As a " function " the concert takes a high rank, and from a social point of view cannot be overlooked. Some there are who pose as being " up to date " who may not have been able to be present, and it will be so refreshing, later on, when meeting them, to expatiate on the glories of the occasion, and describe it as " quite an education," as " marking a musical epoch," and as being something " one would regret all his life having missed." But it is not fair to give only half the picture. Truth compels you to recognise that section of the audience that is moved by artistic promptings, and that is not ashamed to display them. Some- times, though, the musical proclivities are rather pronounced, as The following narrative will show. I was unhappy enough to get seated next to a voluble female. She had a friend sitting in the row behind, and between the two of them I had a sufficiently diversified time. My neighbour was about 40, short, and rather stout, and her tem- perament can think J"of only one word to describe it perfervid. At short intervals sho I wheeled round in her chair to talk to the one in the rear, at the same time butting me with her bull in an uncomfortable manner. But as he appeared unconscious of any irregularity I said nothing. In a moment of excitement, too, she dropped her fan that up till then had been sending annoying little gusts of air- across my face, into my lap. I did not know quite what to do. I feared to address her and say, with a little bow, " Madam, here's your fan ; you dropped it," as I might have done or any other occasion. I did not know what the consequences might be. She might, I thought, either abruptly snatch it from me without a word, or, worse still, start talking " Concert " to me. My reason for suspecting the chance of the first course was because I thought I detected a feeling of animosity towards me on account of the stolid way in which I bore myself. For from the first item on the programme she applauded vigorously, or at least tried to, for though there was plenty of energy in her clapping, there was little noise. I felt she was doing enough for our part of the hall, and at the end of a piece when she was working herself up into a little ecstasy, or frenzy, I could not be sure which I sat com- posedly with folded arms. I thought I could feel her glaring at me and imagined her muttering, " Ton unfeeling brute." But to come back to the fan. It lay there mutely rest- ing on my knees, distinct evidence of the over- wrought condition of its owner, for she had not detected its absence. Should I try to slip it across to her lap ? I was about to do this, but then-dreadful thought that if the surreptitious movement of my hand across to her person might be construed into an attempt at pickpocketing. The risk was too great, and I ende 1 by quietly sliding it down on to the floor between us. There, a little later, she discovered it. Her friend at the back who had for sometime been knocking the back of my head with the sweeps of her can now started a desultory conversation. " Isn't she lovely ? I think for just charming This was when the stars came out on the platform and was graciously bowing and sweetly smiling in all directions as if the people in the hall were her very dearest friends. The people kept up the pleasant fiction and smiled back with childish glee and clapped their hands with delight. This, I believe, is what is called getting "' en rapport " with your audience My couple were very much " on support." One said to the other, "I like her because she's so natural with the people : doesn't give herself airs." The concert was long and full of points of interest. Tenor, contralto, and baritone strove to excel one another in stretching their vocal chords, and the audience rivalled one another in their (efforts to show their appreciation. I observed a lady who was clapping her hands incessantly, and heard her remark, with excited eagerness to her friend- behind, " Dear me ! After all this I shall be too tired to sleep to-night." It seems impossible that this intense feeling had a counterpart elsewhere in the hull. We cannot imagine, for instance, his Excellency the Governor saying in a pause in his perspiring efforts at applause, " This is worse than making public speeches tor the English cricketers, " This is WOKO than losing test matches," or the society beauty languidly exclaiming, -' It is more tiring than hearing the vapid flatteries of fashionable young men." But the encores ! What would the concert be without the encores ! Something like " Hamlet " without the ghost, a newspaper without its advertisements, or a fowl minus its feathers. Staid-minded folk may object that these tedious repetitions unduly lengthen the evening, tire the artiste, and do not always show them to the best advantage but all to no purpose. As no panto mime is complete without a harlequinade, so no concert can get along without its regular series of encores. These latter remind one of the facetious entertainments dear to our suburban brothers and sisters, called " Surprise Parties, of which the hostess " surprised " always receives about a week's notice. The demand for an encore has long ceased to be a spontaneous burst of enthusiasm roused by some specially brilliant selection ; it is rather a doggedly persistent clamour for " more, more," and does not matter much distinc- tion between the star and the lesser lights. To sit in a hall while efforts are being made to recall a singer gives you a capital example of the power of minorities, and also of the sheep-like tendency of the average crowd to blindly follow wherever a lead has been given. A gathering hundreds strong can be induced to start clapping vigorously by the leaders of a mere handful of enthusiastic ones, and the delightful part of the comedy is that each one of the induced applauded firmly believes himself noting on his own volition. The philosopher might ask, " How far are any of us who think ourselves rational "independent beings but the instruments through life of forces of whose existence over we are ignorant ? " But then philosophers don't go to concerts, or if so, ; the don't encore. 