CHAPTER XXXVII.—NEWS FROM THE MOUNTAINS. .... Colonel Ferris was just about to re tire when Captain Lennox, the officer o£ the day, was announced. The colonel had him admitted at once, and the captain, said: 9 "It is a late hour to disturb you, sir, but I consider it best under the circum stances.” "No apologies, Captain Lennox, but sit down. 'I am always willing to be dis turbed where duty is concerned.” "Here is a letter, sir, I took from the stockade gate, and it was pinned there with this penknife. You see, sir, the envelope is addressed to you, and the messenger frightened the sentinel, so he did not even challenge him.” The colonel tore open the envelope, read what was written there, and said: “Tell me, Captain Lennox, exactly how you got this communication, please.” The captain at once told the circum stances of the ghostly visitor leaving it, and the colonel said: "I will read it to you.” What he read was as follows:— "To Colonel Frank Ferris, Commanding Barrier Post. "Sir,—I desire to make known to you that Colonel Cody, an officer of cavalry, and three scouts are now prisoners in the Indian village of Bed Liglitning, the most cruel of chiefs. •; “Renegades among the Indians are urging the chief to put them, to death, but for some mysterious reason he spares them, and other influences are at work to save them. “They are held securely, but are not made to suffer, but what the outcome will be no one can tell. "To attempt their rescue with a force would be madness, so other means will be resorted to, though it will be perhaps long before anything can be done. "The Indians suffered fearfully in their attack on you, losing hundreds of horses and ponies, and they are in a very ugly mood, and even in the winter may at tempt to surprise you. “The Midnighters are snowed for the present, but will be dangerous to the stages whenever a thaw permits them “Surgeon Powell knows the retreat of the Midnighters, and if the weather per mits, a dash to their stronghold might catch them napping, for they did not desert it except to avoid the force they were sure Cody would lead upon them. “There is a mystery in the mountains in connection with the Gunnison party’s fate which next spring will be cleared up. “Do not fall to keep on the watch for a surprise from the Indians at the post, the camps, and settlements, and let the drivers look out for road-agents when they are able to run their coaches. "In conclusion let me urge that you make it a profound secret that the news given you from the mountains comes from "THE GHOST OF THE HAUNTED FORT." “Well, that is news! And my infor mant is a self-confessed ghost! But what do you think of all this, Captain Lennox?” asked Colonel Ferris, when he had finished reading the letter. “I hardly know what to say, sir; but I should do as he asks, whoever he is.” "I certainly shall, and you need not speak of this strange letter.” “No, sir; but it is good news to feel that Seaford, Cody, and his men have not been put to death.” "It is, indeed; and Heaven grant they may not be. But this influence work ing in their favor must be the writer of this letter." "I should think so. sir,” "Yes; but who can he be that roves about the mountains as he does? One would almost think he really was a ghost, to appear as he does in all kinds of weather.” "It is remarkable, sir.” “And he hints of the mystery being solved as to what fate poor Gunnison and his men met with, and also of the Haunted Fort.” "I do not know how to take it all, sir; but his advice is worth heeding.” "It is indeed;” and as the captain left to return to his post cf duty, the colonel sat for a long time meditating over the strange letter he had received. (To be continued.) 