TflE STATE OF MELBOUPE. i Straggle for a Crust. " GOD help you I" is, the MvlWuirne Hera declares, still thc utmost iuevituolo reply one who mentlous that he is looking for ei ploymcnt, especially if his iutut locutor h had any personal experience ia '. inspect!] the public buildings." Happily with t advent of spring things have begun to lop! tut brighter, for a time at least, for a lar number who arc accustomed to many fori ol manual labor, or « ho huve been broug np to some particular mechanical " tradi Ibere are many opportunities now offcrii Xor axemen, farm hands, and rouscabou which wera not available a few months ag Thc" Situations Vacant" columnsoftheri.nl papers are as full now as were the " WantuJ »few months ago; and although the gre majority aro for female workers in Ol capacity or another, several branches of ma industry arc also well represented. Bo nu it continue to bc, and increasingly so. Bat these are chiefly of tho nature dc cribed alrc-idy, or in some branch of trade which only a maa who bas aerved an apprei ticeahip eau hope to gain admission. 1' or tl issuBcnae contingent of men of more or le education, who have been brought up tooler, eal work, or in some other (professional < Mtai- profesaionali way, there is very sllgl improvement in the prospect, if, indeed, an ml til. There is no class in ¡tho commuait .st whom th« recent trying years have presse ?Bete unmercifully than clerks, book-keeper journalists, shop assistants, rf hoc genus om» Atmi the reason is not far lo seek. Whe ?even or eight years ago employers found 1 ?snassnry to retrench, only a fi.-w scale bands wero kept on, mid natiuully cuoug toase were the bot In their employ ; th smfortana'o second-later hud to look eist whare.. Thc vacancies thus caused were lille tsp ey boys and girls with small wages, an sn sar ti m es paying a premium. But now tho tUnga are beginning to look up, as every bod hopes, there is no door open for them t I st urn, for tho boys and girls have grow Jato young men and young women, who hav had the advantage ot continual acrjusintanc with tbs fresh developments ot their businesi to which thc old bauds would be strängen «rea if they were able to get back on grcatl, redaos*! salarien. In office work, again, many positions fa Walch tbeir brothers and sweethearts ha ?tated themselves, and, indeed, held for som yawn, aro aow fillcl by young laities, and th young lady typewriter and sliorthaud-wrlte are ubiquitous the world over. Howeve bitterly ihe<o circumstances may have beei resented at first, aud however galling lt ma; be to a man of middle age to find that his one titae occupation has gone, it can hardly b . called unfair or unnatural. There ls, how erar, one class of rivals whose competition 1 .aten to severe criticism, namely, that of Clvi «Mftoe pensioners. Alter many years of office in varlou .«.sebes of the publio service, for whicl tbey drew more than the outside rate o pay, with less than the outside demant ? «pao nerves ami constltMat, and a far mor sjtcsue tenure of office, these gentle -swan have been retired on a pension from tin Colic funds, and straightway make it mani t to the Public Service Board, and to thi publia itself, that they are BS fond of wori ??: sw ever, and perhaps more so, by accepting .ttaationt in private concerns at a rate of pa; " whioh they could not possibly accept unies, they hail their pensions to fall hack upon A ease in point came to my knowledge qulti tneently. A tutor was advertised for to teacl three children in the country, the salarj ?ring «tated at ¿50 per annum. This, witt .ll found, was rather tempting ; but upoi inquiry it was found tb it the ndvertiscmenl wat . incorrect, and that the snlary wa' sV5 per annum. It seems probable that if the liwcr sum was actually tn thc "copy" of tho advertisement, the intelligent .md . sympathetic compositor thought it sc .ridiculous that lt must bc meant for. 450 Uve pounds a year is about 2s a week, and thit salary was offered for a tutor, " State .oboe! experlencs preferred." Sure enough the registry ellice announced that a State sjehool teacher hod been engaged f jr thc post because, having his pension to fall back upon he could take a few months' holiday in s beautiful part of thc country, and if lt didn't \- wait him he could give it up when he was tired . of it and wanted to get back to town. Ï he .jaestiou is, Would anyone have theconsciencc ' so offer tb a year for the iilucatlon of three children if it were not that .pensioned State school teachers were in the field ready. tc take itt Thia is only ono case ont ot numbera There aro well-known business houses in town where retired public servants have taken positions at rates which no other man . of middle age, with a wife and family de Snding upon him, could think of accepting r . moment. Nor is tho mischief all 1n the present. The percentage reduction to which every Deviy ha*l to submit at the com- mencement of the depression was accepted sadly, but always with tha hope that tho old . standard would bo reverted to as soon as business came back to its former prosperity, lint what hone can there be that salaries will bo restored, so long as men living on tho public purse ara ni lowed to undercut the very men who help to provide their pensions? Thus tho cmploymcnt tseklng pensioner not only keeps out of em- ployment the luckless individual who may nave sought in vain for months, and even years, for rcmunerntive employment; he also helps to perpetuate tho deplorable, but, at the time, unavoidable, lower rate ot pay of those who havo been fortunato enough to keep their old appointments. It is too lato to say that men should not be content or ambitious to carn their livings in shops and ofllces. Tbcso aro necessary branche! of thohlchly- spcclnlise t commercial .life of to-day. The clerk nii'l tue counter jumper aro ns csseutlal to ciiy lifo as tho ploughman, tho stockrider, and the shearer .re to agricultural and pastoral life. And there never wa9 a time when it could be said with'more truth than nt present that "Jack of-all-Trades is master of none." A man must choose how ho will earn his living, and bi« success will depend upon the persistence with which ho follows tho road ho has chosen. Many young men, with n courage which was entirely laudable, but which ail do not poetess, after thc first few weeks of "doing \- the gentleman" about town, took to thc bush or emigrated to the Western colony, and after tho first few weeks of "breaking in" their hands and backs, found themselves tho better in health and in pocket by the change. But not everyone has tho spirit to do so; it ls their misfortune; but a cer- tain pride (call lt false pride if you will), a certain clinging to Boclnl connections and surroundings are constitutional with them. They shrink from the social ostracism which would follow If they were unsuccessful (If a tuan is successful,- society and friends will pardon anything). What, then, remains for the man who for any reason whatever le maincd In town throughout tho depression, boping "for something to turnup." Hols fortunate, indeed, if anything in the remotest degree cognate to his proper calling should present itself; in time ho may work into thia new groove and find it as good, or even better, than the former. But, falling this, there appears to bc nothing for him but can- vassing-another name for hawking. Em- ployers will not engage a middle-aged man who has no knowledge of their business. And so we have thc present great army nt hawkers or "canvassers'' which infest «rrery suburb and every street and lane in thc city. The busy housewife knows him and .dores him; his opinion of thc housewife is .ot alarayB so favorable. If thc good lady could read thc thoughts or hear thc words of the poor fellow in whose face she hos slammed the door she would not do it again though he be thc twentieth to call in thc day. It is irritating to her, no doubt, to bc called away frequently from what Bbc is doing, perhaps .t toe other end of thc house or upstairs, only to be asked to buy some dog soap or a Bowing «.achine, whereas she was hoping it might bc «oly thc gas-man or thc house agent. Bat it lt not for the love of it that a man takes to carrying a shop-load of goods about a suburb io oeder to make a few shillings a week -to keep him and his alive and clad. Frc -fluently he hos had to get a "guarantee" .from an bunrance office or a personal friend, .and frequently, also, he has to buy his goods outright or work on a very paltry commis- sion. At times, in his anxiety to do business, " he comet across some very curious and even startling conditions. Poe case may bo mentioned. Ibo follow lag advertisomu-c appeared luW>y In a morning paper : GENTLEMANLY energetic Man wonted, special . town travelling, cauv;isHln£lexperieiit.e uuu(."jttt sory; commission probably JC1B. Inquiry showed that whatever tbe commis- sion earned, be it £16 a week, or more, or less, no monty would bo puid, but the " energetic man" would have to take lt out in goods. Very well; rather unusual and not easy to Bee what hu would do with che £15 worth of "giiods" every week. Would the landlord take " goods" for his rent, if asked ? (They dolt sometimes without asking.) ; But, be it so I Then he mnst sign an agreement making him liable to a penalty of £25 if he divulges the secret of a copyright iirtlcle which he is to sell. Good ; and wba: next I Ile must pay a fee of 2s. 6d. before tivy will tell him anything mere about it I lhere tho matter ntlll stands, the said canvasser not " catching on." Taking it all in all, the lot of a man who has been brought op to a city lifo is far harder when bad times come about than that of a man who has been brought up to manual labor'of any kind. The ghost of gentility always haunts him ; his whole training, his habits, his physique, his predilections, his family and social ties aie all against him. Granting that thc country career would be greatly to his advantage in the point of health, lt hos still to be remembered that he ls saddled with mmy considerations, which mitigates aguinst his taking to it when he is no longer a young man, although not yet an old one, llence the great number of men in Melbourne and elsewhere at tho present moment who are fitly described in Thackeray's phrase, " the shabby genteel." 