SHAKESPEARE ON THE BICYCLE. (from "invention.") Shakespeare, it would seem, must have known something about the bicycle, for throughout his plays he makes frequent references to the wheel. It must be that Hamlet's father had visited a bicycle academy, where beginners on the wheel were plenty, for his Ghost said : — " What a fulling off was there!" This most excellent description is paral leled by another in the same play, is which reference is made to an accident, the new woman of the early sixteenth century being evidently the greatest suf ferer. The first prayer says : — Break all the spokes and fellies from her wheel. Even Cleopatra had her wheel. Antony advises her to mount it, and seek Cassar, when he says : — Of Cresar seek your honour, with your safety. There were evidently bicycle thieves in those days, and owners had to carefully guard their precious .wheels. In the " Tempest " Alonza says to the King : — We, to ), my lord Will guard your person while you take your rest, And watch your " safety " In that same play, Ariel undoubtedly heard the king and his attendants coming on their wheels when she sang : — Hark! Now I hear them ; ding-dong bell. There is no doubt that Achilles, in "Troilus and Cressida," travelled on a bicycle, for he says to his myrmidons : — Attend me while I wheel. It appears from a quotation made by the king in " All's Well that Ends Well," that the law required lamps to be carried at night, and that a violation of it was followed by death. He says : — Let mo live after my flame lacks oil. Chains were not noiseless, and bells were used in the days of the "Comedy of Errors," as is shown by a conversation between the Dromio of Syracuse and Adriaua, which ruuB thus : — A chain, a chain, do you not hoar it ? What, the chain ? No, no ; the bell. The tire of whioh Shakespeare wrote was evidently filled with hair instead of air, and even its colour was of importance. In "Much Ado" About nothing," Mar garet says : — I like the new tire excellently, if the hair were a thought browner. Puck's prophetic remarks about placing a girdle round the world in forty minutes is fully equalled by that of Launce iu the " Two Gentlemen of Veroua." He says: — Then, may I set the world on wheels. Surely thin prophecy has been fulfilled. 