SHORT MTORIE& BETWEEN TWO WORLDS. CHAPTER II.-(Continued.) N'evertheless, I went on to' Mrs. Ar ran's. She was at home, and alone in the small .front parlour into which I was conducted. I opened tihe interview by producing the 'photograph and enquiring whether she recognised it. I saw that she did. "You are acquainted with Mr. Rod ney?" "I was," she frigidly corrected me. "Can't you tell what has become of him?" "I cannot." Fosreseeing that if I was to elecit any information from her I must myself play the first card inn the game of con fidences, I told her frankly by what mysterious train of circumstances I had beenr drawn upon the tradl of the miss ing man. She heard me with increasing amaze ment, and when I had conclulded, "I cannot understand," she faltered. "It seems im'possi'ble that--" "But it is not imtpossitble, ' I inter rupted emphatically. "I have never seen Mr. Rodney, and till ,to-day never even heard his name. Yet, in the way I have explained, I. am perfectly fasmiliar with h;is appearance. What I have told you is simple, unenxagger ated fact, 'and I want you to, help me to get at some explanation of it. I have no' object beyond that, I 'give you my word. I have never believed in such things as ghosts, brut-" She was satisfied of my sincerity, and as keenly interested in the mystery that baffled me as I was myself. "I do not even know that 'Mr. Rodney is dead," she began,. "The *truth is, we had knlown him many years, and ho was engaged to my daughter." I bowed, and she continued: "It is true, as that woman told you, he was charged with forgery and em bezzlement; but, fo'r my 'part, I could never believe him guilty, nor could Marie, even though he himself con fessed to, it." Coming to, details, she explained that some two months previously Rodney had gone aiway for a week's holiday. "He went to' Brighton," she , said. "He arranged. to come back by an early train on. Sunday mornlnig and dine with us that day. He never came. A friend of his- they were both in the same office-'-Mr. Darcy, called on the Monday evening, and saw me privately. He had received .aa extraordinary letter from. Cyril-the police have it now, but I made a copy before .they took it." She went out of the room and re turned with her copy. "Dear Darcy," it ran, "I leave this place to-night, and I hope to be out of England to-morrow. Everybody will know why in a day or two. 1 have played the fool at the office-got into money difficulties and helped myself. Felt sure I would be able to put things strai?ght before I was found out, but find . can't possibly do it. They are bound to discover everything in a day or tawo, and I daren't face it. Good by, old nam. Don't expect to see 'any more of me. Break it to Marie. It's awful to think of never seeing her again. Ask her to. forgive me, though I -don't deserve it. Good bye.-Ever yours, Cyril Rodney." "This was posited from Brighton?" "On that S unaday night-yes. There was :the Brighton postmark on the en velope." Further, a .comparison of -dates showed thalt the Saturday night on Which that letter was written and 'the Saturday night on which the apparition had first appeared to 'me are identical. "And rwhart was the forgery?" "Well, it seems' he obtained .access to the cheque book and tore out two forms at the end of it. He filled in one for £100, and one for £150, and forged hi's ,firm's signature to botth. There are some 60 clerks in the office, and at the bank they could not remember who had cashed them. The police be lieve he had a confederate. . He must have done it, I suppose; there seems no 'doubt of it. And yet I can't think it of him," If this was all, the one clue I had stumbled upon hta;d led me deeper into the mystery, but no nearer to any sotlu tion, of it. Mrs. Arran called her 'daughter, and, delaying my departure, I was repeating my incredible narrartivel to her when the servant announced a visitor. "MVa. Daaeey!" ejac~ulated ~Mrs. Arrant I amn so glad he has come. I should like him to see you." He was so fond of poor Cyril, and bias Ibeen so very kind to us; since-- -" Mr. Darcy came in, with 'a brisk, buoy ant step, and a 'graceful inclima;tion of 'his neat figur~e. He was a tall, good looking man, with curled hair, a, mili tary moustache and a mincing, danidi fled manner. Passing me .without notice, he shook hands with MLrs. Arran, and more fer vently with her daughter. "This is fortunate. You are rather earlier than we expected, Mr. Darcy," said the mother; adding, as she directed his attention, to me: "This gentleman has called to-" He wheeled round with the politest of smiles, but the moment his glance rested on me a spasm of ghastly terror struck across his features. " He put his hand out blindly and caught hold upon the talble as if to save himself from falling. Every vestige of colour faded from his lips, and a deaf and deathlike expression froze horribly on, his face. I stared at him aghast, too astounded for the moment either to speak or move. "Mr. Darcy! What is it?" cried Mrs. Arran. "Whait is the matter?" He turned his white face toward her as a. blind man turns toward a sound. His whole form was shaking as with an ague, and swaying into sudden collapse, he dropped to the ground, and lay senseless. We were thrown into such confusion that I cannot clearly recall wha:t im mediately followed. I believe a doctor was sent for. I know we laid him on the couch, and applied some sort of restoratives, and before the doctor ar rived-after a lapse of some 10 minutes,. may be-the rigidity of his muscles re laxed. He sighed once or twice, and opened his eyes. Seeing ,me hae si acted a;gain, and shud dered. So far as I knew we were strangers to each other; yet he seemed ,to shrink in fear of me. . Presently, putting a strong contrrol upon himself, he saild, in stralined, hoarse whispers "So! You have me. Well-thank heaven it is over." We thought he was rleliiious. I did, at all events. "I knew you would find me," he went on, an awful excitement struggling up through his weakness. "If you had been much longer I should have given myself up. You know how it all hap pened?" "Yes," he groaned. "You know I did it. It's all up with me. But I was driven to it-I was mad. I'd got into a terrible difficulty, and thought if he was to suddenly disappear they would naturally blame him instead of me, and then," lowering his voice, "I thought that some'd'ay she might forgeit him--" He paused, fumbling absently in his waistcoat pocket, and went on. with a touch of recklessness. "I knew his haunits at Brighton. We had often been there togelther. I went dolwn that Saturday afternoon, and he was de lighted to see me. I told him I was seedy, and hard simply come on. a Satur day to Monday trip. "I proposed to walk toi Rottingdean. We didn't hurry ourselves-had supper there, and it was after 10 when we started to walk back. We passed your cottage-he noticed the light in the window. We left the road, and walked on the grass by the cliff edge and stopped, and sitood trying to, make out a light at some distance over the sea. "He looked round casually-it, was pitch dark-no lights anywhere but the one across the water 'and the one in your window-and scared me by saying with a laugh, 'What an ideal place for a murder, Darcy! A good shriek would just about reach that cottage and give them fits.' "His words frighltened me, and at the same time brought all the devil in me uppermost. I had a loaded stick with me. He was looking, aay 'from, me at your cottage, and one blow struck him down-I caught his army as he fell, and sent him sheer over the side of the cliff." We sat dumb with horror and .in credulity. "I don't think he made any sound," ,he went on hastily; "yet over and over since then. I 've dreamt about it, and done it again, and each time he has shrieked-I can't -get it out of my ears and you have heard him, and come from that accursed cottage, and chased me, and had me ,down., struggling like a wild beast-until I woke reeking with perspiraation, and found I had been dreaming. Still, if I 'could' see your face so clearly you could' see mine; and I always knew, it was more than' a 'dream,-I' al ways knew you were ,looking for me and would hunt me 'down- especially since one nighit, when I couldn't sleep, he came and leaned over me, and you with him, and he pointed and seemed to, say to you, 'This is the man!' " "But his letter?" gasped Mrs. Arran. "A forgery-easier than the other two I put off on him. I took the letter down ready addressed to myself, and posted it at Brighton." While he was speaking he carried something from his' pocket to his lips, and I was conscious of a, thin, sickly odour tainting the air. "There! I was prepared for you you see." He tossed a small, empty vial from him with an ironical chuckle. "Send for the police as soon as you like; I shall have gone before they come." "Globe Democrat." (Coicluded.) 