READY PACKED FOP STARTING. ( S. By H. Calthokp. We're all ready packed for starting, __ But now it comes to parting We re loth to leave the women and the wine. But here's to wine and women, Iu a parting drink o'er-brimming, And so upon the track for the South Aus. border line. So if anyone's inquiring, Our address maybe requiring, Just say we've gone away prospecting for a while. For the scrippers and the jobbers, . sharks and other robbers, >> e re going to find a field for them to make a pile. We're leaving Hannan's, thinking It s not the same hard drinking, Tim Mm «I /J r ' i n -..wwnuu ioiirxng, camp or jusc rour years ago ; No flies were then iu the honey, limes.were swift and stacks of money, Men, then, weren't always hustling — a man had time to grow. In the streets you see no traces , Of the self -reliant faces — the bronzed and bearded faces, — you used to see about, F or the parsons, goals,, and women Leave no milk that's worth the skimming oo they ve left for the Never country further out. So we're ofll in marching order _ o the South Australian border Heavy loaded, with the old cow camel in the lead. . The old cow will make the pacing, By gum, she'll do, it racing, - or she'll know she's making for the home of all her breed. more when day is breaking, I In the scented freshness waking, I " e 11 see the mulga. outlined against the I whitening dawn. wake, and get up early," j bells a-ringing clearly, " And go rounding up the camels at sun-up I every morn. And then when night is falling I You can feel the bush a calling, All sicklied o'er with moonlight, ghost- hke, pale and drear ; While the gum trees whitely glist'ning, Seem to. be forever list'ning, List'ning to a message never heard by I human ear. But it's not for the bush's glamor We have left the city's clamor, I But in a hustling effort to try and make a pile. ' So that when our work is over, I We can smile and live in clover, And if our roving blood will let us,— rest nwhilo I So if anyone's inquiring, Our address maybe requiring, Just say we've gone away prospecting for a while. For the scrippers and the jobbers, k., , 1D" Bharks and other robbers, We ve gone to find a field for them to make a pile. So here's to wine and women, In a parting drink o'er brimming, A long and long good-bye to the women and the wine. And for six months our address is Where good country new and fresh is, In the salt lake country near the, central border line. 