Hie Love Adventures of Primrose Ward. By !< T. Hun, in the Windsor Magazine. It has all just happened; and is therefore quite fresh in my memory. It wbb startling enough at the time, but it has ended well As I write these words there u not a happier girl in England. My name is Primrose Ward, and I am just of age. I have been well educated, and em now a student at Newborn. I have no mother, nor any brothers and sisters, bnt I have a father. This story has a good desl to eay of my father. I never thought him perfect, bnt I have always loved him; I love him still. He is a handsome man of sixty years of age, he is con sidered aristocratic, sod he moves in the beet society. He has no settled home,' and financial crises come into his life, as a .rale, once or twice every year. I have grown accustomed to . them, having been brought up in their midst, and it was only the last one which really staggered me. This story begins at Christmas time. I bad aa invitation to jinn my father at Fine Woode. Fine woods is the well- known and very beautiful eeat of the Wincbilseas. There was to be a large house party. I did not particularly want to go. I should have much pre ferred spending Christmas with a col lege friend in a small flat in town ; but father wished it, and his word had always been law to me. . I arrived late in the afternoon two days before Christmas. I bad no maid and very little loggage, bnt I did not care abont that. I prided myself on being unconventional. Mrs. Winchil- eea received me with her usual kindness. She was a little womau, very faeaotiful, and qnite young, and I admire her im mensely. The house was full ; all kinds of nice looking and interesting people were abont. We all met in the great halL, Mrs. Winchilsea stood near a roaring log fire and dispensed tea to her guests. I bad just accepted a cup from ber pretty, dimpled faaods, when my father came up to me. He said he wanted to introduce me to his special friend, Sir Henry Joyce. Sir Henry was about father's age, or per haps a little older. He was not nearly ao handsome, bnt he had an interesting face — at least, I thought so then. He began to talk to me at once, and I found his conversation bright and pleasant. He knew some of the people I knew, and when he epoke sym pathetically of my special friends, I retired with him into the seclusion of an oriel window. Hie eyes were deep est aod penetrating ; they had a way of looking through y«u. At one moment yon liked him, the next you saw something about his face which made you shrink iuto yourself. I had that feeling abont Sir Henry from the first. In the midst of nor conversation a youog man came np and asked to.be introduced to mr. I did not catch bis name, hut I beard afterwards that he was called Charlie by everyone in the place. He looked like a Charlie ; be bad merry bine eyes and a clean-shaven face, and an upright, bright sort of manner ; his carriage was good, and he held himself well, bnt he was not specially aristocratic looking, like father and Sir Henry Joyce. At dinner that evening I sat between Sir Henry Joyce and Charlie. I dis covered, just by accident, that Charlie's name was Lawford. He was Captain Lawford, and belonged to an infantry regiment. I thought him quite tire nicest and pbasaotest man I had ever met He chatted and laughed, and I chatted and laughed back with him, and we managed to get a good deal of fan out of the occasion. Once in a way, of course, I had to pay small at tentions to Sir Heory, who was also extremely courteous, not to say chival rous, .and had a way of turning and looking at me out of his very short sighted eyes which would have beeo . disouncerting to another girl. After dinner, Captain Lawford found me ont In a recess f n tire drawing-room, and wa continued our conversation, which was light and trifling enough, although it amused us both immensely. Once or twice, as we chatted and laughed together, I caught an expres sion in bis bright bine eyes which set my heart beating I could not tell why. £ have alwayB vowed that I woold not motive attentions from the first man who chose -to pay them — that I would never ha that foolish sort of girl who falls in love with the first man who looks at her. I still kept to that re solve, bat, nevertheless, Charlie Law-'1 ford's eyes began, not to trouble, but to impress me. When the eveniog was over, and I retired to my own room, they came between. 'me and aleep; when I dosed off into the land of dreams, ther followed me there. X found myself walkiog with Captaio Lawford, talkiog to him, laughing with him, and making friends with him. Then all of a endden the scene in my dreams changed. Charlie and I were still together, bat the enn had ceased to shine, and gloom surrounded ua. At break bet the next morning, my place was near Captain Ltwford's, an3 be followed np his advantages of the night before. X snubbed him a little; for that is the Hewnham manner, and then he became penitent; and asked what bB had done that I should treat him fn each fashion. Then of course I had to be agreeable, and I believe I made myadf very much so, for after breakfast we both went out into the grounds and rambled abont nntil lanch time. At luncheon I.'felt that £ knew 1 Charlie Lawford better than »»F n,Bn in the world, better eved . than, my father. The fact is, arc bad each lifted the curtain from our liver, and shown, each to the' other, a littio bit d onr true eelves. J, for pnB. fonnd that peep into Chirtie'e lib?: very pleasant, and perhaps he felt the name about me. We were excellent drlendr, thougbpnr acquaintanceship hafl' been so ebon. Already we sores, '.bur' confidencies, ope :: with rh« other. "liwaB. Jijiai j£j could- nut acconntforit After lunch the WiocWIaeas mbp » riding father. m. I .. ;.. -sis o old fogey, and looked with a sigh at Charlie's bright head and gallant figure as he rode on io front with a pretty girl, a certain Miss Mitford. Perhaps Sir Henry noticed . the direction in which my eyes were wandering, for he said in that melodions and perfectly well-bred voice of his — ' Lawford is a capital fellow.' 1 He is,' I replied, 1 1 have not met anyone quite so nice for a long time ' 1 By the way,' said Sir Henry, raising his brows the merest trifle, has he told yon of bis engagement f I ask the question because, considering the shortness of yonr acquaintance, yon have already seen a good deal of him.' I did net start; but all the same there came a sharp pang, sadden as the prick of a knife, through my heart. Then I pulled myself together. ' Do yon mean,' X asked that Captain Lawford is abont to be married ? ' Yes,' be is engaged to his consin, a remarkably pretty girl; ber name is Lady Mary Comm. They are, I understand, to be married In the spring. Ask him abont her when next yon have an opportunity, Mi-s Ward. I am snre . he will be pleased to enlighten yon on the subject,' ' I am sorry to hear your news;' X said, afur a pause. Why so V 1 Because I do not approve of early marriages.' ' Indeed !' 'It is a mistake to give np one's liberty too young,' I continued. ' Ah !' when yonr turn comes you rill change yonr mind,' said Sir Henry. ' I do not intend to marry.' ' Most pretty girls eay that.' X gave my horse's reins a vicious pull. I wanted to ride on faster. Sir Henry began to be distinctly disagree able to me. 'The married woman has twice the advantages of tbe unmarried,' he con tinued. speaking in that voice which seemed never to rise or fall, but kept a dead, uniform level, which soou had a most irritatiog effect. ' What do yon mean F I aeked. ' Yon will find ont for yonrself when the time comes. The married woman takes a different place in society ; she has freedoms which the unmarried girl cannot enjoy. Yon will understand some day ; X cannot explain. Sir Henry talked then on all sorts of matters, and I pretended to listen to him' with my head in the air and my eyes gazing straight before me. How and then my langhter rang ont clear and fall. Of coarse, it didn't matter in the least whether Captain I,awford was en gaged or not ; bat I felt sore at his not having told me himself. Surely, when he had said so much, he might have mentioned this all-important fact. At dinner that evening . Sir Henry Joyce was my companion, and Captain Lawford sat far away at -the other end of the .table. That fact, however, did not prevent his eyes travelling np to mine aod resting often on my face. He most have read something there which puzzled him, for be looked a way as if be were hurt, and then, jnst as if he could not help himself, he gazed again. When I found that Captain Lawford kept looking at me I pnt on my most j «ular manner and and became my brightest self. Sir Henry I am sure was charmed, for he laogbed constantly at my salliBs, and I saw my father glancing at me with affectionate interest. There was to be a ball in the house that night, and eoon after ten o'clock we ell found ourselves in the Bpleudid ball room. A great many fresh guests bad' arrived from the surrounding country. The moment I put in an appearance Captain Xiawford came up to my side. ' X want you to engage yourself to me for several dances,' he said. .' I am sorry, but I cannot,' I replied. ' My card is nearly fall.' 'Fall already ! Yon don't mean to ay, Miss Ward, that you bave not re served a dance for mr.' ' I can give yon one,' I answered : ' the waltz before supper.' I will secure it But sorely you have something else ?' I gave him my card, which, with this one exception, was already fall. A look of vexation came over his face; bnt before he could Bay anything more my partner came up and claimed me, and be had to withdraw. Three of the dances which I had promised were secured by fiir Henry Joyce. Old as I considered him, he could dance beauti fully ; and while he danced that even, melodions voice of hiB kept on talking. He told me a great deal about the gay world aud obout bis own travels over the face of the globe, and- then he spoke of his country seat in Warwick shire, and Jbis houBe in Grosvenor Square, and gave me to understand, without exactly saying it, that he was a' , man of immense wealth and high position. Just as we were concluding our mail wtiu, hhu noes «H>uuiug together for a moment to regain onr breath, he said abruptly — - ' When my wife comes on the scene she will have a golden time. ' What do you mean 1' X asked. For answer he looked fall into my eyes — there was a meaning in his glance which I could not fail to understand. To 'my intense annoyance, I felt the colour rnshiog np into my cheeks. ' My wife will have a golden time,' be repeated. ' X fancy I see her now, young; stately, very beautiful, die will be an old' man's darling— there is no woman more to be envied.' £ cannot agree with you,' I said with spirit. ' Any girl who deliberately marries an old man for bis wealth and position does wrong. It she is un happy afterwards she has only herself ' You thlnkoo,' lis answered slowly ; ' are tboreyour sentiments f . Hndoatty J replied. .-... His eyesiflashed wifha queer light, his «mooth face underwent a rerolqriun. All in a mpimt hM mptdcea and distorted. He tiid eMwthiog coldly polite in'avoica which! scarcely re cognised Jifijjr. eageiiytoSlahn I we could only go on like this for ever " Such wee the thought which came to me. Then I palled myself up. Was I taking leave of my senses ) What was Captain Lawford to. me f I had only known him a few houre, and he was engaged to another woman. This thought stung me so sharply — so desperately, that I stopped and pressed my band to my side. 'What is the matter? he .asked anxiously. ' Ijet ns get ont of the ball-room,' X said ; 1 the air is so hot, and I am tired of dancing.' ' Let me fsn yon,' said Charlie. ' No, thank yon, I wonld rather do it myself.' Bat is it safe for you to stand on such a cold night near this open win dow!' ' It does not matter.' 'Miss Ward, what is wrong, with you !' 'Nothing,' I replied, 'why do you ask? 'I ask .because yon are changed. Before lunch to-day you were the most delightful girl in the world. We were friends, real friends, comrades, tbe shortness of onr acquaintanceship did : not matter. We had tastes in common, feelings, all the rest. By the most accursed ill luck I was allotted to the wrong girl while ont riding, and since then you have been different ; I see it in yonr face. What is wrong !' - 'Nothing is wrong, 1 answered; why do you questiou me so closely ? He looked at me with pleading eyes ; tire langhter and fun went ont of tbem. Ail of a sadden I thought of ay dream in which i bad been with Charlie in snnsfaine, aud then with Charlie in sbsdow. His eyes bad tbe gloomy look which they wore during the latter part of my dream. ' 1 must go back to the ball- room now,' I said, nervously. ' My partner who is to take me into sapper will be looking for me.' ' Yon maet tell me what is the matter before yon stir a step. Yon are changed, and I most know the reason.' Mart 1' 1 eaid. Yes, most — cannot you under stand ? ' You make a mountain ont of a' molehill, ' I cried ; ' I have moods and tenses, like anybody else. I refuse to be questioned any further. Let me go, I must.' 'You shall, but not until I bave said something. Do you know what has happened I X have fallen io love at first sight.' 'Yon? gazed np at him, speech arrested by his words. 1 Yes,' he continued. ' X ! — I have fallen in love with the dearest; tbe prettiest, the best girl in the world. 1 want her answer, I want to know if there iB a ghost of a hope for me. Primrose, I thought I read something iu your face to-day. I would give my life for you. Never mind the short ness of onr acquaintance; we have known each other in some other state, we are not strangers. Do not our hearts each respond to the other ? Primrose, say it is true.' My heart .wee fall of anger, eorpriee, astonishment, and, yes, gladness. I forgot for the moment that Ciptain Lawford was engaged to another woman. People were coming into the corridor, couples were passing as, one or two looked back. Having made his declaration, Captain IAwferd stood perfectly still. His eyes danced; then gloom filled them. ' Do you hate me,' he asked. ' Have I been too presnmptnona f Forgive me. Do not answer me now. I trill ask you again later on when you kaow me better ; bat whatever you answer, I will never marry anybody else.' ' What abont Lady Mary f I cried. The words fanrst from me. I did not mind what 1 said at that moment. He was engaged to Lady Mary, and he was false to her. After an acquaintance ship of twenty-four hours he had pro posed to me. What sort of man was he! Not tbe Charlie whom I had imagined — not tbe hero I was fast making him. ' Yrhat about Lady Mary ? X re peated. His face turned white. 'My cousin, Lady Mary f How do yon know abont her !' Before I could reply Sir Henry came np. ' I bave been looking for you every where,' he said. ' You promised to give me the great privilege ' of taking yon into sapper.' I laid my hand mechanically on bis arm ; he piloted me through the thronged rooms nntil we readied the great hall where sapper wob laid. Sir Henry secured a little table, and we took onr Bests. While we ate be talked. . I answered him with my heart for away. I could think of no one but Charlie. I saw ever aod ever Charlie's bright face; then the change in it when I mentioned Lady Mary's name, Ob, there could be no mistake. The engagement mast be true. ' You are eating nothing,' eaid Sir Henry, bending over me in hie old- fashioned, polite way. . 'Iam not hungry,' I replied. ' Have some champagne !' 1 ' No thankyou, ' Well, shall we return to tbe ball room f X think onr dance is beginning,' X vcee slowly. 'Yon look, white,' eaid Sir .Henry, : ' What do you my to out sitting this dance ont P ' ' As you please.' He led me into the corridor, Tbe window where I had stood with Charlie was wide open. Sir Henry paused. 'Not here, I cried. 'Do you want ns to catch onr deetbB of cold !' There -were Umita torny-enderatjee. T eoold not stand with Sr Henry jast where X bad deft Charlie's etrong presence dose tome. ; We went into one of the con servatories. HiiHeniydroeeaieclodea m .peat/ana ' utopa Joobingatme. S<!Now, Miss Word, 'what is', the Spattte-Ypbe -miked. /aSibo, tool' I cried wiO» petulance. r-lwroS "v\J peak In audi a sensible strain. You are a very beautible woman, and ought to take care of your health. 1 hate compliments,' X replied. 'This is not a compliment ; compli ments are false, aud this is true.' ' Well, true or false, I consider it a liberty on your part to tell me I am a beautiful woman.' . ' What a very spirited young Jady it is 1' said Sir Henry, .with a laugh. £ recognised tone of delight in -his laagb. I looked at him in amazement, 1 want to my something to yon,' he continued, dropping his voice. ' I don't wish yon to answer me now ; yon can think it over and give me your reply later on.' 'If it is anything important, please reserve it for another occasion,' X eaid. , 1 am too tired jast now to exert my brein in the veiy least.' 'Tblsisnota question of . exerting yonr brain. I rsther-hope that it may affect your, heart.' . Then please, Sur Henry, do not put my tired heart to a strain.' 'Miss Ward, you must listen. Short as our friendship is, I feel that I cannot live without yon. Will yon be my wife ? I uttered an exclamation. - 'Nay, hear me ont,' be continued. I do not not expect yon to love me — , not at first — although I hope and believe that will come later oo. I offer yoo a very ardent and true affection.' ' Of twenty.fnur hoars' date,' I said. 'That expression on your face is unbecoming, but I will forgive it. The passion yon have inspired will not die, believe me ; I feel that it will remain with me ss long as X live. I never saw a woman before who qnite seemed to fit to all my reqairmenta Yon are yonng, strong, beautiful ; you are well educated, yon have got a mind. I want you to give me yonr youth, your intellect, yonr beauty. In exchange I give - you un limited wealth and a good postioo. As Lady joyce you will have — — ' Now stop ' I said ; do not eay any more. I,et me finish tbe category of what yon can offer me. As Lady Joyce I shall be that envied thiog, an old man's darliog. Thank you much. The old man can give his wife diamonds and the best dresses.' 'You would look lovelv in dia monds.' 'Please do not interrupt. The old man can put his wife in such a position that she has double tbe liberty of the onmarried girl.' When I said this X saw his face wince. 'The old man,' X continued, 'is generous ; he offers the penniless girl something valuable. Bob now what abont tbe freedom 1 Is it troe that the old man's darting has more liberty than the independent unmarried girl— the girl of the present day — who ia poor, doubtless, and lives in a tiny flat, and earns, perhaps, by hard work, five shillings an hoar, bnt who has liberty unbounded, who is free >8 the air f . In it trne, Sir Henry, that yonr wife will be better off as regards freedom than the unmarried girl whom I have just des cribed ? His brow darkened, tbe queer look which I bave before spoken of came into his eyes. ' You would have all bbs freedom you could require,' be said ; 'J should make you as happy as tbe day ia long.' 1 Thank yoo, you have answered me. As your wife I see that I must go yoor way, not mine. Now I am determined to go my own way. ' I thank you very much. I wish you good night' I swept a great mocking cortaey at him, raised my eyes to bis, and left him. I went np to my room, bnt not to sleep. Two proposals in one evening were surely enough to keep any girl awake. Early tbe next morning I arose. I intended to go ont as soon as ever the enn made its appearance above the borizoo. I went downstairs and entered the library. The moment I did eo I started back— a lamp was burning on a distant table, Bnd a brilliant fire was lit in the grate. Someone was lying back in a deep arm-chair. I saw the top of a grey bead. I was just about to fly, thinking that Sir Henry Joyce was in the room, when my father rose and con fronted me. 1 Now this is lack,' he exclaimed. 'Primrose, I most speak to yon at once on a most important matter.' ' What is it ? I asked. 'Sir Heory Joyce has proposed to yon, he told me so himself ; he proposed to yoo last evening.' 'Yes, father. Did he tell you what my answer was? 'The answer yon gave him in your surprise was quite unimportant. I mUBt talk tbe matter over with yon. At present you do not noderetand yonr own good lock. As Iiady ' Joyce yon will have the world at your feet.' ' I don't want it.' My dear Primrose; that speech shows; your absolute and babylike ignorance.' ' I will not marry a man doable my own age,' I ssid ; ' and besides ' My father came a step nearer. ' Besides ? he qneired. I could not add any more, it was im possible for me to _ mention Captain Lawford's name. ' My fotfaer took hold of my hand and drew me close to Aim. - 'TbiBis a very serious mitter,' he said 1 'yon are a very young and inex perienced girl. I think I can read -yonr thoughts. There ia another man here; who has paid yon attentions. Notwith standing the shortness of your acquiant- aneeshlp, he has marked you cut in a way which, under the circumstances, is nothing short of insulting, I allude to Captain Lawford, You -know, of .course, that he is engaged to another 1 Don't say any more,' I-oried. 'He is nothlng me, nothing at alL'; . ' '"'The world, as far salt is represented in this honse/ thinke otherwise.' ' I lutetiie world,' Icried; X wish X -were baric at Newnbam. I - will- leave thieejrtfcy/-.' ciJun; -'.iw/itTteM": / ? Yoq will do nothing ;bL the' kind, Yonwillgjve the lietothaWprld which the attentions ofarn gagfdpian, hy At the present moment I am in terribh difficulties. I have put my name to a bill, and it I cannot meet it within a week from now I shall be not ooly rained, bnt dishonoured. If this hap pens, I shall go under for -ever. Yon, child, can save me.' As my father epoke, hiB self-control gave way. I felt the arms with which he was clasping me tremble. ' If yon marry Sir Henry I shall be saven,' he cried. ' Sir Henry has promised to aet me oo my feet again. He will meet the bill for me. If yon refuse him, all is np. If I fall, I shall drag others down in my nSiu. What is odb girl's happiness where- so many are concerned ; and Sir Henry will make yon a good husband. If yon marry bim all this misery will be averted. Is it trne ? I asked atlast slowly. 'It iB qnite true. Will yon aave met' I cannot answer yon at present. Ijeave me to myself.' I left the library, and returned to my own room. There I spent tbe blackest hour of my life. All in a moment, from the carolers, happy life of a Newuham student, £ found myself confronting one of the greatest problems of the world. Should I give np my own happiness for the sake of another. Should I turn my back on the man I loved I Yes, I koew it now Whether Charlie was engaged or not, I loved him with all the strength of my youth, I thought out the problem, aud iu my own way I answered it. Before that eveniog arrived I bad ac cepted Sir Henry's offer. As a matter of course I was congratulated and tbe ; engagement publicly announced. Tbe ooly person who did not give me pleasant words aud smiles was Ceptein Lawford, bnt he bad left Pine Woods early in the day. I did not dare to ask abont bim, and no one mentioned his name in my presence. Sir Henry was anxious that the wed ding shoald take place ae soon as. possible, and in a day or two my father and I left Pine Woods for Iiondoo. Time flew on space, and it came to be. within a week . of onr marriage. Sir Henry was a constant visitor at tbe luxations lodgings which we had taken. He did not improve on acquaintances He was exacting, narrow-minded, and bad no modern ideas with regard to women. Hie temper was also capricious iu tbe extreme. I hated the thought of becoming his wife, but I felt powerless in the hands of an over-masteriug fate. My father was happy. His pecuniary difficulties had been completely relieved. He often whispered to me that X bad saved him, what a good daughter I was, how dearly he loved me if I were happy in tbe thought of my coming marriage. 00 tbe contrary, he congratulated me on tbe brilliant alliance £ was abont to make. Presents poured in from every side. 1 could ec&rcely; bring myself in to look at tbem. Night after night X dreamt of Charlie ; my pillow was wet with bitter tears ; I felt myBelf to be one of the most miserable girls in tbe world. On a certain morning Sir Henry asked father and myself to meet him at Hendon. We were to join a party who meant to skate on tbe fine Btretch of water known as tbe Welsh Harp. A severe frost had held tbe world in its grip for several days, and the ice was supposed to he in prime condition. I was fond of skating and Sir Henry was a proficient in the art When my father and I arrived, how ever, Sir Henry had not yet put in an appearance, nor had the Teat of onr party come. My father went off to look for some of them, and for a few moments I found myself alone. I was just about to take a turn by myself on the ice when semeone spoke my name. I started and turned quickly to meet the full gaze of Charlie Law- ford's bine eyes. They were troubled and gloomy. ' Thank God for this opportunity !' he exclaimed.-' 'I could not meet yon before. When I heard the news that morning at Fine Woods there was nothing for it bnt to bolt. X have got more' eelfcontrol now. May I offer yoo my congratulations P 'Don't! don't!' X exclaimed. It was with the utmost difficulty I could keep my tears from bursting forth. ' 1 do believe yon love me, after all, Primrose.' " ' Yoo have no right . to ask that question. Can't you — can't you see I —I ' I was trembling from head to foot. ' When is the wedding to be? aeked Charlie. ' He bent forward and epoke in a quiet voice. In a weeks time,' 1 answered. ' You have my very best wisher.' 'And -yon are to be married? 1 asked desperately. ' Never, you must know that.' ' Bnt sorely yon are engaged ? Who told you eo T 'To your couiin, Ltdy Cureon. He laughed bitterly. 'I bad my suspicions, 'he cried. 'I thought that handle was beings used againBt m». When you spoke of her that night at Fine Woods I had not, a moment to explain. She is nothing to me, Primrose ; aod besides; she is a married woman now She was married a week ago to Lord Walton.' 'And were you never engaged to her f ' - ' . ''Yea, two" years ago, Cor a fortnight. We both terminated the affair with mato&l; -good wishes. They played me false at Fine Woods ; they did it for a reason.' ' It,dotn't matter how, I cried. I felt cold and eick. . Just at that mom ent Sir Henty.came. up. He bowed fo Captain Lawford, scarcely concealing the annoyance which he felt at seeing him, and took me -Immediately wad jivjsh&Fge;/ . ; 4 4 1 hate tbat frifow? wSdHir Hemy, whenwe'Xoand .%Htri£lvetTiiying over the lee. . ifledijjiotwaitfor meto qjetk.-: - ' iThere"is a ihaw coining on, be con tinued, i Thejioe will; soon be nnsafr,' Ashe sjmtohe bqgan to skate with great relociand rakle&BaesT.; I found", that he was taking me away from the ' 'n ; ' We mnst not go oh that p|riot the water, ! aaid auddealy. -. iDhyiUsre tbehmurith'Dangeroha' mUrikeffohl v.:f "I-"-:' ; X certainly do not wish to be submerged in the water,' I answered. 'What a wonderfully rapid thaw ; the ice is so wet that it is unpleasant ; I should tike to land. 'And I shoald prefer that you did not do so, Primrose. Now that matri mony is so near this will be a lesson for you. When yon are my wife yonr wishes and mine will naturally be one, , Practice obedience thiB morning.' As be spoke he looked steadily into my eyes. That, queer look which I have before spoken of was deepening on biBface. ' I will not go on the part of the ice which is marked ( Dangerous,' ' I cried : ' I think you will do so;'but not.qnite yet. We will take a -tore just round here, it is lopely ; we shall bave this ; part to ourselves. So much tbe better I bave something to eay to you.' ' What is It T 'Now that our wedding is so near, have you any affection for me? ' Why do you ask that question now !' Out of a sense of cariosity. It will be interesting to hear the words as your beautiful lips utter them, 'Hemy, I love you' By the way. Primrose, now thBt I come to think of it; yon have never yet told yonr future bridegroom that yonr yonng heart ia altogether hia.' As Sir Henry spoke hie hands clasped i mine with a grip of iron. We flew over the frozen water. I gasped for breath. ' 'Let me go, yon frighten me ? I cried. 'Frighten you ? II Impossible! You do not realise what you are saying, Primrose. In a week's time you and X rill be husband and wife. In the I presence of God you will have vowed to love, hooonr, and obey me. It will ba pretty to hear tbe words - as they drop from my darling's lips. My old ears will be attentive for tbem. As the elixir of youth, they will come to gladden me ; tbe love of my angel girl will make the balance between as even. On my side the scales will be weighted with money, poritioD, a title, and last, bnt not least; Primrose, with the res cuing of the author of your bring from the prison hooae. Tbink! I picked him np ont of the slums of his own evil ways and base speculations ; I placed him high and dry on a sound financial basis. The deed weighs heavy in the balaoce, very heavy. Bat never mind ; after all the scales are even, for the other side is weighed with love — tbe innocent, pure love of a yonng girl. Talk to me abont It, Primrose ; let me bear the noble sentiments of love from those coral lips. You tremble with glad emotion when I am near, yon hate all other men because of the mighty love yon give to one.' 'I never told yon that I loved yon.' ' What ! no more yon did I — yon were too modest, too sweet and virginal. Bat yon may carry those eentiments too for, and I am anxious to bear of tbe mighty love which weighs tbe balance even. Speak ! begin.' ' I want to land.' And I don't want you to. Speak ! .1 was silent 'You cannot find yonr voice. We will Bkate np this long stretch which is marked Dangerous.' Perhaps yoo cn tell me there.' 'No, no, no, I am terrified.' ' But there is nothing to frighten you. Come, this way —you thail.' His eyes looked full into mine. They shone with an evil, lurid light; his lips opened and bs isnghed. His hands held my wrists like clasps of iroo ; be whirled me round in tbe direction of the dangerons part of ice. I uttered a wild cry. ' Heory, Henry, are you mad I The ice cracks already. We shall be drowned.' 'You ask me ii I am mad,' he answered. 'I am, for you, for your love. Perhaps the cold water will loosen yonr tongne— tbe balance is on- even. Primrose, bnt love can pnt it straight. Talk to me of lovs. What ! yon fear the cold water, bnt my arms will be round you, our lips shall meet, even if it is in the embrace of death. Come !' He dragged me forward. Tbe ice cracked and shivered. I thought my last hour had arrived. Suddenly a 1 voice shouted in oar ears. 'Let go, sir ! You coward, let go this minute.' A man skated rapidly np, X turned and looked in hie face. Hia bine eyes flashed back a gleam of comfort into mine. He was Charlie, Captain Law ford ; he wu in time to save me. Making nne frantic effort, J managed to wrench my hands from those of Sir Henry, hut the next instant, and be fore Captain Lawford conld reach me, the ice cracked again with a report tike thunder. Heaven and earth seemed immediately to recede from my virion. The next instant the cold water closed over me. I was saved. Charlie was the one who brought me; to the surface. : "With that salvation ends the painful part of my etory, for Sir Henry, wlio sank al most as soon as I did, was not rescued in time from the grip, of that icy em brace. When they brought him to the shore he was dead. Thus ends my tragedy. I could not pretend to monrn for the man! had never loved, and whose mind was already trembling, to a dangeeous degree; in' the balance. My tragedy is over, thank God, bnt my love story goes oo, Charlie and I an engaged. . _ We are not to be married for a year, and I am going back to Newn bam after all. By the way, Charlie approves of the Modern Woman. In a senBe that ie not to be wondered at, for I am nothing if I do not belong to the modem ride of woman's life, end my sentiments now aire my lover's. A golden light . aorrouods as. We are very happy. 