SOD'S MANY WAYS, « _ i i — - ' t — , VOMPLETE IN TWO INSTALMENTS. '!; I- UY "IOTA" ' (MBS. MANNINGTON OAFFTN), Author of. "Tho Yellow Astor," &o;,, &e.; f LcbpiBiBirr.l ' (Concluded.) " Why, he's very straight, yoa see, Ho knows how muoh Barbara is to mc, and ho knew I was dying. Fortunately I was ordered threo months' moving about in tho olearar air of Now England. Barbara was not well enough to leave home, so Jim nnd I joined forces. I mado him como , to a specialist chap in Melbourne. Ho said- it was qnito possible to got bohind tho ; disease; all it wanted was unflinching, un broken treatment for threo months. " Oh, Lord ! Ho got it too, Wo had a fino lively time, I can toll yon, but ho camo back a sano man." " Hid he ?" I thought doubtfully. "And you?" I asked. "Curious 'treatment for your complaint, wasn't it?" "Woll, porhups, but good all tho same. Gracious God, Margaret, could I havo loft him ns ho wns with Barburu about, anil Barbara — Barbara " She stole in just thon to seo him, and kneel ing down bosido mo, sho put hor bond in my lap, nnd I think all threo of ub had a littlo snoozo in tlio moonlight. Directly I saw Jim, I understood how it wus that ho was tho ideal of two snch oppositcs ns Barbara and John. Ho was a tall, loan, litho man, all woll-managod liorvas, ' and muscles trained to the exaat point of perfection. Ha was overflowing with mng- nificent life, and ho had a God-like power of communicating this vitality. In his presonco everyone hud to live, to rtisli, so to speak, at lifo, to scizo it, to bond it to one's usos, with out fear or faltering. Whon with him ono forgot tho moamioss within and without, and looked simply and largely at all tilings, and it seemed natural and easy to rovoroneo God und honour woman ; it was no longer striving and pain, mid voxed vanity. What did John mean ? Thoro was within this man no weak alcoholia tendencies. There was no Hign or token of it unywlioro about hiin— either in his strong firm month, or in tlio composed assurance of ids steady depend able hands, or in his arresting, compelling laugh with that spark of otornal youth in it — no erackling of thorns, or grin or caokling in Jim's merriment. There wus about liim nnd nil hiR opinions and dcolarutious a noblo soothing sanity not vouchsafed to mou who craro. No want of bruiii-balaneo, no vain-glorious vauntiiigs or empty dreams, or brilliant fallacies, no pathetic yearnings or molunoiioly suddon ropentiiuco-pangs made liim tho bclovod of nil woiiiou — who did not own liim ! There wns nothing erratic, neurotio about tho fellow. Ho was a wholo, sound, ronson- nlilo creature, with tho impress of God's hand fresh mi bim. What did John menu? If ho was possessed it wus by somo invading overwhelming farce of evi), somo outward tiling, not by any skulking, do- grading weakness, bred in tho bone. Small woudor that poor Barbara's oxpoot- nnt soul, sick with waiting, sprang breathless towards this rniin, and was swopt up and atisorbcd in liis enormous abounding fullness of lifo. Even her imagination broodod rcstfuily on gently swooping wings whon Jim wus near, instead of tearing for ever madly at licr heart-strings. For finding its uttor in capacity to reach tlio rare heights, tho scaling of whicli would havo been mora child's play to Jim Disnoy, it grow reusonahlo for once, and meditated comfortably on liim from tho viilley. Ho wus so simplo and boyish in his ways that wo all grow young and buoyant ovon in that house of death, and his laugn was bottor for us tiiiin old wino. John's plousuro in him wus touching, and tlio untiring way in which ho worked for John and 'waited on him was amazing. Ho never seemed to bo tired or depressed, and ho had a joke handy for every omorgonoy. / I wondered sometimes it Burbara know that her yrottincss was turning hourly, in Jim's vivifying nearness, to a inarvollouB thing of beauty. John did, and it was ono moro littlo rankling arrow in his poor loving heart. Was Jim Disnoy novor tirod, could ho, being human, bear muoh longer tho strain of iiis watching aud servieo, in tho cruel, terrible heat? John could not bear muoh moro, that was vory plain to bo seen. When this knowlcdgo slid silently into all of us ono swooning afternoon, Barbara looked suddenly from John to Jim, nnd n ghastly horror crept into hor oyos nnd stayod there, growing daily. It was generally somo detail or miothor that touched tlio girl, but no detail of which I had any mortal concep tion could fling such anguish into any woman's oyes. Oddly enough it inoreused her beauty fourfold, Barbara was mado for' tragedy. "I'll toll you whnt it is," said John ono day, with tlio foarful ull-scaing uoutouoss of tlio dying. "It's tho thought of Jim's making .my coffin." " What !" I nearly soronmed. "You seo in tho great beat, and in tho back blocks," he explained gently, "wo havo to think and rauko provision i'or tlioso things. There is somo embarrassment attend- ' ing thorn too. AVo eun't ordor a consignment of coffins in caso of cmorgonoics us wo do of other stores. AVlion tho child died sho strayed, in tho restlessness of lier inisory, down into tho carpenter's shop wlioro I wus mulling its littlo coffin ; you seo I wouldn't lot nuyona olse do it. Mon tiro difforout from ' womon I suppose, for it Bcomcd so awful to Barbara that it nearly finished lior. Sho foil inseusibio among tbe shavings and ohips, and when I got hor back I thought sho must liuvo gono mud." Hp stopped short, and to my dying day I will not forget his oyos ; there wus no beauty in John's pain, us thoro was in Barbara's ; there was only naked for u moment to human oyes a poor patient blooding hourf. I could say, nothing. My tonguo olovo to tho roof of my mouth, my tears wore all burnt up. "Sho's right," ho begun nguin. " It would bo a hideous tiling for him to muko my coffin. Tho remembrance of tho horror of it would never laavo hor. It would haunt hor. And yot I can't send off and got ono now, sho would bo sure to find out." "It is nn annoying sort of porploxity," ho Baid, tiredly, "I am too beastly feather brained to tacklo it jiist now. Just givo mo thoso drops, dear.( I must liuvo a sloop what ever happens." I cams out to find Jim in tho veranda alone. "Liodown," ho said, putting mo into a long chair us if I woro a child. "Where's Barbara ?" I said. Off on tho warpath iu tho baak promises.' A flight of winged ants lius landed in tlio soup for diuncr. Poor girl, if sho liad just tho morest glimmer of a sense of hnmour." " Good gracious ! How could you oxpcot it of a girl witli oxaotly two points of viow ; from a pinnacle, through a linzo of blue distanco, and from two inohos above tho table, with lior oyo sorowod to a microscope." . "It was a horrid joko offato to bring hor into tin's orndo muddle of beginnings, down to this bod-rook of raw dotaiis." " In any quarter of tho globo sho would havo hud to look at man anyway ns a detail, moro or loss, onoo sho beoamo his nwnor." Jim laughed and woiit off to bring mc back nn nrmf uf of pillows. I wntohod liim up the veranda and bnok again, and lot liim mnka mo blissfully comfortable, witli sleepy plcusure ; ho wus so Hoothing nnd steadying to tho nerves nnd novor tirod. That night whon I got up to do my four hours watching — wo arranged it now in this way— Jim wns leaning with bowed head against tho wall near my door that opened on tliu veranda ; I ran to liim nnd caught his hands, terrified. " John !" I gasped. "No," lio said, in a harsh, strange, voice, " it's mo this time. You're not wanted yet. Como here." Ho pulled mo round tho corner und put mo down on a scat. Ho looked terrible, cowed, dcfcuted, hunted, and worse than all, liumblo. " How dared our Jim look humble, how dared ho," I thought, shaking witli foar ; it wns a slight, a blow to us all, and we so proud of him. "You know all about mo," ho said, with averted oyes. "John told mo, I thought — thought honestly, and I had got over every thing — could trust myself anywhere— in ovory way. Howovor, you'll havo to holp mo now. Burbara, poor ohild, knows nothing. You'll havo to givo ma unytliing iiko strong soup, with tons of red popper in it, und Worcestershire sauce, and any other hot poison you cull got hold of, nnd you must make mo tako tho stuff often into tliobarguin. I am a beast, a fiond, a maniuo when I break loose, nud John mustn't know us long as ho and nil of you want mo." "Poor Jim," I oriod. "Wo havo been selfish, we havo let you wear yourself out ; its only that you're tired to deutu. I feel often just liko you in this liiduoiis lieat." "Thanks bo to God, Mrs. Grauby," bo said, shuddering. You haven't u notion how I fool. Como and get mo somo of Jim's broth." , Ho cuuglit my shaking shoulders and pushed mo boforo him into tho old diuing- room. "Yos,- and -you'll- rest, und to-morrow things will look different." "They will," ho said, grimly, "with a difference thRt will novor ' alter." : Ho shuddered uguin ; then laughed out into tho night, nnd ray fiosh crept on iny hones. That night John told mo that ho lmd taken it into his bond ho should dio on Christmas Day, and bad sent for liis coffin. " ' " And Barburu known ?" ho said. "Sho only knows that Jim won't mnko it." " I thought she know something, licr oyos have altered." Sho spent all hor timo now absorbed in hor duty to John, sho shrank painfully away from Jim, and oven front 1110. On Christmas Evo John was vory restless. At ten at night tho coffin liad failed to appear, although it should havo como qnito early in tho day. Jim had a ltorso saddled and elected, instead of taking liis four lioiirs, to sot out and look for tho follow in eluirgo of it, as soon as tlio moon should Irise. I watched liis sot, tired, hopeless fucc, nnd his bent shoulders direotly ho got outsido tlio raiige of John's eyes, nnd obediently foil to swallowing bis fiery broth. " I wish I could como with yon," I said. "A gpllop would do ono's nerves good." "Yon would do mo good anyway," ho said. " You'd koop tlio ghosts off. Good bye, howovor. You'vo got to stay, where you are." Poor John, poor Jim, and Barbara, tho poorest of nil, I thought. What has God in store for tlio threo of you this Christmas Day in tho way of peuco and goodwill ? Wlion Burbarii's turn to rout camo I took horpluco. John told mo that his ears uohed witli listening nnd liis oyes with watching. " Shows too what a fool I was," lio lidded, " us if' Jim wouldn't timo the ooming of that mnohino when Barbara aiiould bo asleep. It will conta in your watch, of course," Wo wuitod for nn hour, for two, for three, but thoro was no sign. Johii took my hand in liis olammy, trembling fingers, nnd I could, hour his painfully hold breath nnd tho low gurgling iu his throat. I could soo his fearful oyos pooling out into Ilia night. I turned to say u littlo prayor, but mv brain rcolcd. I could think of no words, or feel us if there were any God to lioiir thom ovon ' if I could. Then, jiiHt us tlio day was breaking, wo heard a rumbling, a slow distant rumbling as of a lioavy body over tlio sun-orhoked oiirtii. It hud not tlio steady, advancing sound it should havo lmd. Tlioro Was mi unuortuiu vacillating tone in it. «J Margaret, run out," oricd John, oxoitodly, " Thorn's something queer." I plunged down tlio short out through tho garden, out into tho Iraok. Tho waggon was ooraiug on in a sleepy, swaying, drunken fashion, und I couldn't soo a sign of a mail driving it. I flow on. As soon as tho lwrso sawmehegavo a whino of relief, und put liis noso into my linud. Nothing was ' to bo soon but tlio top of tlio coffin, with tho groat brass nails Bbining out through tlio gray of tlio dawn. Thoro.wns no s'ouud, no stir, no human sign or token. I olimbod up by tlio shafts in abjeot terror of tho.groat bjuok thing. Wlion I got into tlio wuggon I stopped on somo slimy cold thing and foil, and whon I piokod myself up' my white dress and iny Angora wore slimy and stained purple in that gray light. I loaned against tbo coffin to guthor my senses. Thon I groped round it, and ut tho houd, huddled up limply, but still ollnging to ono rein, lay Jim. I stooped uud felt liim. Ho was warm still and breathing. "I'm nlivo," bo whispered. " That bridgo is broken down ; thoro was no other crossing, no timo to go back, and tlio follow took my horse to go for help. Couldn't wait — accident — blood's from tho lungs— got homo somohow — anyway oan't oxplain. Prepare John. Get lior safe out of tho way, und bring mo to him." Ho uould toll us no more titan thut ho brought tho coffiu across that yawning river bed alouo und unaided with two horses. How ha got hurt, or kopt himself alivo after tho hurt, or oven got into tho waggon, in his mortal pain mul drove, no one but God will ovor know, for it all hupponcd after tho nmn liad riddon off for holp. It would need, two mora mou uud a couple of bullocks to got tlio traps across such a phico, ho said, bat Jim, I found afterwards from himself, knew thut unions lio did got across at onco, ho would bo too into, so ns soon as tho man was out of sight lio attempted tlio passago alono. Thoro wns an upsot after that. Ho could toll us nothing more, co herently. Ho was right us to time, liowovcr. Whon tlio man did como at last, distracted at finding neither wuggon nor its contents, botli Jim and John lmd beon buried moro than bulf a duy— John in tho plneo of honour in tho coffin. Wo put Jim on a high, long, straight wooden scat, a form they called it, and placod it bosido John's bed. Tho others wont out ; I stayed becuuso thoy asked me to stay. "John," said Jim, " I want, to tail you that I novor wronged you, evon in thought. Sho was as sucred to mo as if sho hud been a carved saint." - "But I knew that," said John, in simplo surprise. "Do you know that all our troublo was for nothing," went on Jim. "Tho dovil sevenfold strong enmo buok to nto on Thurs day night, und only for Margaret there, I'd havo gono under to tho rascal." Somehow John lmd not soomod to realise that Jim' was a doomed man, but this aroused him from'-hiB own dying. - He started forward with awful oyos. "My God, Jim! I thought we'd cured. you. My God in hea -" ! Ho foil book with dropped jaw. I thought — —but ho onmo back to us. "Yon wouldn't havo mnrricd her," lio said; after a rest, looking wistfully at Jim. " God knows," said Jim, faintly, " whnt I wouldn't liuvo dono." "I lmd looked forward to this 'day," said John, with nn odd womanish look at Jim. ," I mndo sure somohow it would bring us nil louoo and goodwill. Has God forgotten us ioro in tlio bnok blaoks?" " Good God, inun !" said Jim, in his fud- ing voice, "linvo we — tha threo of us— ovor been nearer peuco and goodwill in our lives than wo uro this minute ? God fulfils Himself in many ways," ho added, with an echo of his boyish laugh. " She hognn John, but ho broke off. "Woll, two men having failed hor, porliaps slio'll think to nsk God to stand by hor now. I havo a notion somohow sho will. ' ' "I wondor," said John, "could tho great thirst in hor havo lmd anything to do with God — of course, unknown to liorsolf ?" "I bcliovc," said Jim, painfully, " that modern women's thirst havo a darn sight moro to do with God than thoy ltave a notion of. Lord, wouldn't thoy swesr if you told them so ." 1-Iis voire was growing vory 8lownnd thick, and his oyes wore glazing. ' ' Got mo away, ' ' ho said. " It's ncarhor timo for coming out." 