CONCERT AT MITCHAM. There was a large attendance at the Mitcham Institute on Friday evening, when a concert, the proceeds of which are to be devoted to the improvement fund of the Roman Catholic Church was held. An interesting programme opened with a pianoforte duet by the Misses O'Driscoll, and Miss L. Maloney, who fol- owed, was heard to advantage in a song. Master Neville was applauded for a clever sword dance, and Mr. S. Percy caused merriment in his comic song. Miss Percy and Mr. Lane were successful with vocal contributions. The second part of the programme was initiated by the Misses O'Driscoll. Songs were rendered by Miss L. Maloney and Messrs. Percy and Lane. Master Melville gladdened the hearts of the Hibernian portion of the audience by giving an Irish jig. The evening's entertainment concluded with a humorous farce entitled "The Mitcham Ghost," the characters being successfully interpreted by Mr. T. Beaty, Mr. S. Percy, and Mr. J. Beaty. A. novel form of concert will take place on the Unley Oval next Tuesday even- ing, and now that the ground has been fenced and improved by the Sturt Cricket club it is in every way fitted for open air concerts, which are so popular in the summer months. On Tuesday the first of a series of such enter- tainments will be given under the direction of Mr. J. J. Virgo. Over 200 limelight views will be shown, many of them for the first time in the colony. A musical programme also has been arranged, and the main idea is to illustrate the songs with limelight views. Miss Lucy Stevenson and several other artists will assist, and the proceeds will go to the oval improvement fund. On Tuesday evening a continental will be held on the grounds of Mr. William Kither at Glenelg in aid of the All-Nations' Fair, which is being promoted in the interests of the Indus- trial School for the Blind. On Sunday evening the Leslie Bros. Com- pany will give a "Rational concert" in the Bijou Theatre, and on Monday evening the company will appear at the Norwood Town Hall. On the following Monday they will re-open in the Bijou with new artists from Melbourne and Sydney. On the Adelaide oval on Friday night next a series of continentals will be inaugurated. The promoters have secured the services of Mr. C. Allison as musical director; and he has engaged Miss Ethel Lohrman and Mr. J.R. Opie for vocal numbers. The instrumental part of the programme will be provided by Mr. Allison and the Locomotive Band under the baton of the musical director, and the accom- paniments will be played by Mr. W. R. Pybus. The pupils of the Sisters of St. Joseph, N.A., gave a concert in the Walkerville Hall on Tuesday evening. The performers were the Misses Flood, E. and M. Bradley, Checkett, Barnett, Murphy, and K. Checkett, and the proceeds will be devoted to the build- ing fund of St. Mary's Church, Lower North Adelaide. A concert in aid of the proposed Semaphore Brass Band was given in the local Town Hall on Wednesday evening, and the attendance was small. The Mayor, Mr. W. F. Deslandes, presided, and complimented Mr. D. Murphy and his coadjutors upon the spirit they had shown in trying to form the band. The pro- gramme, included an overture by Mr. F. Farrow and orchestra, comic songs by Mr. P. Watts and Mr. H. L. Adams, a song and dance bv Messrs. O'Grady and Birch a cornet solo by Mr. M. Cox, songs by Mr. B. Hollo- way, Mr. W. S. Welbourn, and Miss Louie Marshall, and an Irish jig by Messrs. O'Grady and Birch, and a dance followed the concert. 