THE LAST POST. (By Riccardo Stephens, in “Pearson's.”) This is the story, legend, myth, Told me in the barracks by Drummer Smith, Told in Auld Reekie of Bugler Bain To 'the patter and drip of the driven rain "While the March wind wailed like a wandering ghost. And just at the end came the long Last Post. If you could hear it as told by him, 'Twould haunt you till death made your eyes grow dim: And if I could tell it as I was told. You'd print it on parchment in lettered gold. The Castle stood grey in the wan rnooi) ligh.t. Four bugles had rung to the stars “Good night," They echoed and sang through the^dld, Crown Square, i And whispered away on the ice-cold aitv Then up to tiro wall went Bugler Bain, And blew to the East through a,.port He leant and looked out to the frosty To the hills of the Fife and the hidden Forth; He turned to the East, and he sniffed the And swore: "Here’s the pick o’ the earth to me; “I'd die without winking, if, once a “I knew I might play them the Last Post here.” Or ever the swallows had crossed 'the Or the west wind whispered that Spring . should be; An echo of war from the East was sent: And eastward; far eastward, the bugler ..went. ’ 1-Ie scared bad been tanned by. the East ern sun, ■I-Te hardly had seen how a fight was When/straggling a bit on a long;- hot. ' day, lie came where the enemy’s outposts lay; Who caught him and hound him, and Buglc-v Bain Answered the roll-call never again. They played with their knives till his blood ran cold, They promised him freedom and heaped-tip gold. If. when, to the sound of their hidden The sleepers awoke in the British camp I-Ie’d send them confusion and headlong flight. By sounding ‘'Retire” through the noisy A shimmer of light as the cold steel The bugler was daunted and pledged his That night, for the sentries, the hours went by. With never a sound hut the wolf's.wejrd Howled down from the hillside, now .- here, now there, - , . Now northward, now southward-, now ; everywhere. •, • Wild faces peered down to the?fire-lit Arid death-ringed and .frowning’'' cani'e Bugler Bain, • . :- '; Then nearer and near the camp they When tip from their clutches the bugler White-faced, grim, with a stammdred He snatched at his bugle and stopped them there; For out through the silence, sharp and Rang the rising notes of a shrill Alert, Then the bugles sang up, and the rockets And the whole camp started to greet its While out from his wounds with a sob bing groan, ' Went the bugler’s soul through the night Four bugles that evening were raised to “Last Post” to the skies from the old Crown Square, But fifth in the rank ere the call began Stood-the shadowy shape, of a dying His cheeks they were white and his lips were grey, His red-haekled helmet was half-way: His bugle was thrawn, but the notes rang true, His bugle hand hanging, and half cut through, - - ’ His cheek bone showed hare as he turned his head, His Kharkee coat stained where the blood ran red, ' ’ He stood to the left, and he took the And every bugler that bugle heard, But his stiff, set face, with its staring Had the haunting look of a man who The Guard-bugler, stepping towards the \- wall. Saw That at his side, but heard no foot fall. . ’ He blew through the port over Castle Hill, But he felt there was That at liis elbow still, And he heard that l'or every note lie blew, Instead of one bugle there sounded Two. ; Back to the guard-room four;, buglers went. Pale, and dry-throated, and ill content; But Bugler Bain watched the lights o' Leith. And the Flash-and-Yanish at far Inch He went once more all the ramparts "While tlic sentries shivered, and heard He harked to the breene as it whispered by, - From the Pentland Hills came a cur Then he pointed his bugle to Princes He wailed through the darkness a last Retreat, And up through the grandeur of Heaven’s arch Went Bugler Bain on his last long All God’s winds and the wide world’s weather Met that March night, and fought to Blinding snowstorm, sharp sleet, and Beat and battered on Bugler Bane. Now the mad lightning around him flashed, Now he stood stunned where the thunder crashed; A flaring comet went flickering by," ' And left him blinded, and choked his Then, up from the earth, came a seeth ing gale, That caught him, and carried him, breathless, pale, Where nothing there seemed behind, before, But Blackness and Silence lor ever He grasped in the stillness, and then he laughed, True through it all to his well-loved craft; "Oh! this is the end of the world," said he, "The end o’ my bugle, the end o’ me; "But, give me a chance, and I’ll blow once more ■‘Where never a bugle was blown be He lifted his bugle, he raised his head. He blew an Assembly, ’Lwould wake the dead. The darkness was cleft, and the silence And back with his bugle the Bugler I For where there was blackness, there came a blaze, And trumpets sang out from a million Bp through the vastness, pile on pile, Glittered God’s parapets many a mile, And the rush and the roar of the ranks that rose Was the sound of the storm where the west wind blows. Over the ramparts a great voice cried Strong as. the sea in a full spring- tide: "Who is the Bugler who blows so late. “Bousing the guard at our inner gate? “Startling bur silence with sounds of war?” Then each point answered and called Shouting in mockery: “Bugler Bain.” The wind as it passed him stayed to jeer, Ti;e air grew dark with a nameless fear: Then ail unhidden the swift word sprung From his trembling lips and his babbling tongue:--. "Oh! I was a sinners and lived in sin, "Look to your gates’ nor let me in.” There never had risen a word or though; In the Bugler's life, but returned un Ar.d shapes that for years had been un derground Met him and mocked him and hedged , him round. "■ He thought he had-shrieked with the uamned for aye Fre ever that laughter had died away. He bent in the shadow of Kell’s own gloom. And waited in silence to hear his.doom. But while he stood waiting his grim wounds awoke And hied, and the blood as it issued spoke: “There’s many a hundred who scatheless “To bless tlie alarm that he died to give. “These wounds that bear witness and whence I drip, “Were made ere the bugle had touched his lip. “This bugler to-night had been hale and “Had he counted the cost to his perjured soul.’.’ It ceased, and the .thunder rolled out “Ho! Guard of the Drawbridge, pass Bugler Bain!” So Bugler Bain, with-his .bugle waits Each night with the guard at the Outer Gates,;. Till, up through the darkness, he can Mounting and-murmuring, faint and clear,' From the earthly spot that he loves the most, The.lingering call of the long Last Post. Then Bugler Bain blows a swift reply, And over the city the echoes liy. But once a year, on a mad March night. The Bugler returns to his old delight, For four men come out to the grey Crown Square, To join in the call of the Last Post there: But five men-are seen at the sergeant's word. Five bugles that night in the Square arc heard. And two men go up to the outer wall, Two bugles that night to the eastward call: But four come'again to the Reveille. j For one, like a shadow, has passed away. 