Dragon in the Air. A “SOFT SPOT” IN A SCIENTIST'S BRAIN. As a matter of strict scientific accuracy, there are probably just as many dragons in the Alps as there are snakes in Icelan d. Possibly there are fewer; one cannot say for certain, as the interior of Iceland is only partially explored. What is really inter esting (says Air. Francis Gribblo, writing in the Pall Mall Gazette) is to find an en lightened man in an enlightened *age, be lieving in dragons as firmly as he believed in God, and proving their existence out of tho mouths of many witnesses. The man was Professor .Schouclizer, of the Univer sity of Zurich ; and there was no question whatever that he w/ls art enlightened man He sat in the chair of Gesper, and was worthy of it. He originated the “dilation' 1 theory of glacial movement, which was in genious, though wrong. He corresponded with hir Isaac Newton, introduced tho Swiss to the knowledge of the law of gra vitation. He argued for the abolition of capital punishment for witchcraft, and he dcvo.cd his summer vacations to mount iin travel and -to the collection of evidence io show that there really and truly were dra gons in the Alps. We gather from hfs book that he got little pleasure out of his mountaineering, for lie says:—“Anhelosm quidem sunt scan.sion.es moutiuiu.” But he was sustained by a sense of duty, and by tho desire to increase the sum of human knowledge concerning dragons. Nob that he had ever seen a dragon ; but ho had seen a dragon stone, which is, he explains, a jewel cut out of a dragon’s head while uho dragon is asleep, and invaluable as a remedy against “plague, dysentery, diar rhoia, jioison, hemorrhage, and bleeding cf the nose.” There was sworn testimony to the fact that tho stone which Schouclizer saw had been employed successfully for the treatment of these various complaints. Consequently it must have come from the head of a dragon, for though certain other sorts of stones might have cured hemorr fl’’**’ a dragon-stone could have ber i efficacious against dysentery or plague. But if there are dragon-stones there must be dragons ; and the Alps in general and the Khcetian Alps in particular, are full of tho very sort of caves which dragons might naturally be expected to frequent. Su„-h is the priori argument. It. only remains to marshal the a posteriori proofs. The professor prc-scntstliem in the convenient shape of tho dejwsiiions of witnesses wh » “make oath and say" that they have en countered dragons in the Alps.' fh style t»nd substance—to say iiotbbVg of con clusiveness— they strikingly resemble those circumstantial narratives by means of which tho existence of ghosts has bem demonstrated by the .Society for Psychical Research. They prove that.' though All dra- have certain points in common—tliev all, for example, when they breathe, inhale not only air but also any birds that happen to be flying in their neighborhood—the minor variations arc numerous. There arc dragons with and without legs, with and without wings, wjth and without crests ; dragons with cats’ faces, dragons with human faces, dragons with nondescript faces, dragons that-' breathe fire, and dra gons that do not breathe fire. And each sort of dragon has a process verbal to itself. As, for example: “John Tinner, of the Commune of Frurasen. in the Barony of Altonsnxon, an honorable man, whose can be trusted, and who at the present time is still living, solemnly deposed to mo that 12 years since, at the end of the month of April, he repaired to the neigh boring mountain, tho Frmnsonberg, and that there, in the place commonly known ns the Halwolen, ho encountered a terrible serpent, black and grey in color, which first coiled itself up, and then raised upright. Its length, he said, was a« least 7ft. ; its girth wa« alxuit that of an apple tree ; it had a head like the head of a eat, but no feet whatsoever. Ho said that ho smote and slew it, with the as sistance _of Ins brother Thomas, He added that, before the scrjvent was killed, the in habitants of the vicinity complained that the milk was drawn from the udders of their cows, and that they could never ..is cover the author of the mischief; but that, after the serpent was killed, the mischief ceased. ’ 80 much for dragons wit boat foot. There follows an equally well at tested story of a dragon with t\et, running thus: “John Bueler, of the parish of fccnmvald, member of the Iv-dcd-slical As sembly, went to tho Frumsenbcvg, in ti.e summer season, 11 years ago, and in a place called beside the stream called the Tvaleabaoh, saw an enormous black beast emerging m a state of the greatest amazement, from the thicket, and standing on its fore legs, which were of excessive length. Its glrfh Avns (> f n hout tho thick ness of an apple tree, and it carried a crest, about half a foot long, on its head. Its ent ire length, however, lie could not observe, because its hinder parts lay bidden in tho thicket among the briars.” Finally, from the letters of Christopher Scliorer, Prefect of Lucerne, Professor Schouclizer is able to quote a circumstantial account of a mooting with a winged dragon. This is the Pre fect's narrative:—"ln tho year 1649 I was contemplating the beauty of tho heavens by right, when lo! I saw a bright and shining diagon issue from a largo cave in tho moun tain commonly called Piled us. mid fly about swiftly flapping its wings. It was very large, its tail was long, its neck extended, its head terminated in the serrated jaws of a serpent. 'While h was flying it threw out sftiiks, just as the red-hot horseshoe does when hammered by n blacksmith. My first impression was that I saw a meteor, but after careful observation I recognised that it vas r, dragon, from tho nature of Us rno\emonts and the structure of its various limbs.” And so forth ; for there arc many nioi'o such stories in the book from which tlu so stories come. They are interesting sioiles from many points of view, though pi Haps the most interesting circumstance of all is the fact that they were solemnly reported by a University professor who bid sat at the feet of Sir Issaaci Newton. 