THE SHARK AND THE WHALE. A MIGHTY BATTLE OF THE DEEP. We-» littto girl of six ani myself-were seatad upon a high, flat-topped,grassy headlimd of a lonely part of tbe northern const of N('W South Wales, five miles from the old penal settlement of Port Macquarie. Three hundred feet below, the long Pacific rollers, uurullled by the faintest breath of air, awapt in endless but surilcss succession arcund a chain of black, isolated, and kelp-covered rocks that stood out froiu tbe shore at the distance of a cable-length .r so. The tide was low, aud some of tbe rocks raised their jagged, sun-dritti summits perhaps six feet from the surface ; others scarce a foot, so that each gentle swell as it came wavering shoreward poured over its surface in a creamy lather of foam ; others again were fathoms bulow, and their thick garments of kelp aud weed swuyed to and fro unceasingly to tbe sweep of the ocean roll above them. And in aud about the rocks, and hoverinng over the white gleam of sandy bottom that, like a great table of ivory, lay between tbem and the cliff bound shore, sivam droves of bright pink coloured sebnapper, aud great, lazily-moving blue-fish. Half a mile away a swarm of gulls floated motionless on the blue expanse; upon the time-worn foreshore bouldera beneath us stood lines and groups of divers, with wings outspread in solemn silence, gazing seaward. Wo had climbed the headland to look for whales ; for it was the month of October, when tho great schools of humpbacks and finbacks were travelling southward to colder seas from | their breeding ground* among tbe Bainpton shoals uiue hundred miles away uorth-east. For three weiks they had been passing south, some tioies far out from tbe laud, sometimes within a mile of tbo shore-hundreds of thousands of pounds' worth of rich blubber, with never » whaleship nor whalebDat's crew within two thousand miles; tor the brave old days of Australian whaling -nterprise diod fully fifty yuars ago. At last, a mile or so away, a jet of smoky spray, and then auuther and another I Five humpbacks-two cows, two calves, and a bull oaly a small " pod "-that is, a school. Nearer and nearer they came, their huge, black humps gleaming brightly in the dazzling sunlight as they rose to spout. A hundred yards in front the old bull rolls lazily along, " sounding " but rarely, for the sea is full af squid, and ho and his convoy, with drooping lower jaw, suck in the lovely morsels by countless swarms. Six weekB before, as they had rolled and spouted northwards to the great lagoons of the Bampton aid Bellona reefs, they had pisned withia, perhaps a hundred jards of the head laad upon which we sat. Perhaps, too, a fierce " north-easter " blt-w, and the chain of rocks that was now BO gently laved by the murmuring waves WHS smothered in the wild turmoil of a roaring surf, and the great bull, although his huge, corrugated belly itched sorely from the thick growth of inch-long barnacles that had so tormented him of late, spouted regretfully and beaded seaward agai»-he could not scratch his giaut frame in such a surf, as that. But to day it was diffiireut; and now ho could enjoy that long-delayed pleasure of dragging his great body over tbe rough surfaces of tho submerged rocks' and tearing those dreadfully irritating barnacles off his twenty-five feet of grey-white ridgy stomach. For, suddenly, he raised his vast head, and then sounded, straight on end, and the child by my side gave a gasp of wondering terror as she saw his mighty tail rise a good ten feet in air aud then slowly vanish beneath. On weut the caws and calves, apparently taking no heed of father's sudden dive shore ward. He would soon be b;irk, they know, as sooo as the poor fellow had rid himself of those torinentiuK barnacles ; and' ho with dim nisbcd speed they kept iu southwards towards Camden Hafen. . But just as the great bull camn burst ing through the blue depths into Ihu greeny hue of six fathoms of water, we saw between him and the " pod " two small jets, like spurts of steam, sboot up from the water between bim and his conroy ; and in another second the cows and calves bad soundedits deadliest terror and were rushing seaward two thousand feet be low, For they knew that out there in the depths lay their only hope of safety from their | dreaded and invincible enemies, the " killers " and " threshers " of the South Pacific- the murderous savage, cetacean pirates that lie in wait for the returning " pods " as they travel southwards to the colder seas of Tasmania. Aa the great humpback reached the chain of rocks, and had begun to scratch, his foes bad advanced silently but swiftly towards Mm. Before them swam th«ir equally fierce and dreaded ally, AJonias Vulpes, the " thresher," or fox->hark. But, befote I tell of that noble fight of giants which for nearly two hours we gazed at on that October morning from the louely headlaud, let me say something about Alopias Yulpes and his fellow-pirate, Orca Gladiator, the " killer." First of all, then, as to the " thresher." He is a shark, pure and simple, aud takes his name from his enormous scythe-like, bonv tail, which form two-thirds of his length. His mouth is but small, and whales have little to fear from that, but dread the terrible koife-like sweep and downward slash of his tail ; for each stroke cuts through thn tough skin and sinks deep down into the blubber. Such is the " thresher " and in every drove of " killers " there is always one thresher, sometimes two. The " killor " is actually a whale, for be is warm-blooded and rises to the surface to spout, which be does in a manner that has often led to his being mistaken for a humpback or finback whale. He is distinguishable only from the grampus by his mouth, which has teeth—and terrible teeth—in both jaws; the grampus has teeth iu his lower jaw only. When be (the grampus) is a baby be has teeth in both jaws, but those of the upper jaw are shed and fall out whin he is about half-grown. The killer has to th in both jaws, as many a poor humpback and finback has found out to his cost, for the fierce creature does justice to his name—Orca Gladiator. The killers bare a business, and they never J neglect it. It is the business of whale catching and killing. 'l'hey are bulldog pirates of the deep sea, and on the coast of Australiu their headquarters are at Twofold Bay, Sometimes, but not often, they hare been known to attack the monarch of the ocean, tbe sperm whale. But they generally leave him alone. He is too big, too powerlul, and his great ten-inch teeth and fierce spirit render him a dangerous customer to tackle. But with the right whale, the humpback, and the seventy-foot flying finback, tbe killers can work their cruel will. And now to the fight we saw. For about ten minutes or so tbe great hump back dragged his monstrous seventy feet of fltsh and blubber across the tops ot the sub merged rocks, raising sometimes his vast head and sometimes his mighty flukes out of the water, as with all tbe weight of a hundred tons or more be rubbed and scraped and scratched his itching belly against the surface of the rocks. Suddenly, along slendtr, greyish object swept like lightning upon bim, and the thresher buried his teeth in the loose skin of his "small" -that is, about fifteeu or sixteen feet from his tail. And at tbe same moment with savage puffs of spray shooting high from their blow holes, the two killtrs darted at his head and seized him by the jaw. fn ten seconds there was nought to bo seen but a maddened whirl and seeth of foam, as the unfortunate victim sought' to escape seaward. Well (lid bo know that in such shallow water- the re was but Ore or six fathoms-he could not sound far below into ocean's depths, and, aiming his foes with him, compel them to riso to air. Fifteen, perhaps twenty minutes exhausts the air supply uf a killrr ; a whale c»n remain helow the surface for sixty. Rut he made a buhl attempt. Raising his enormous head high in air and giving it ii m ghty shake, he freed himself of one of the killers, whoso body, twenty feet in length, he burled from him as if it were a min now; but the other, with his cruel teeth buried bulldog fashion in his thick lips, hung on with savage tenacity. And down upon his " small " the thresher, with his teeth gripping the loose, tough, and wrinkled skin, upreared his lengthy form, and brought his awful scythc-like tail down upon the victim's buck, with a amuck thut could be beard h»lf a mile away. It cut, and then, as the whale rolled in his agouy from the blow, a broad white streak of bin her ooztd through the severed skin. Before be could gather his strength for that seaward rush which meant life, the tbrown-off killer was back,and had seized him sguin by his starboard Hp. Too late 1 he could not sound and could nut Qee, and the poor, worried' animal semieil to know it, for suddenly he lay quiet, while the bulldogs shook him aud the tbrcabi r dealt him steady but feurlul blows upon his broad expanse of shining back. " Oh, the poor whale !" said my little com panion, as she shudderingty clutched my arm. " Look ut that 1" The killer fastened to the left jaw of the helpless, floating monster, raising his square white and black head about a foot or two out of water, gave it that quick jerk one sees a fux terrier ijives to n rat, aud brought away in his jaws a pitce of lip about a yard long-a thick .trip of bloody white aud red. Aud, as a terrier throws a rat backward aud upward, so did the killer throw away the gory muss ; it fell with a heavy splash upon the water some fathoms away, l'heu with a mightr leap the wretched whale sprang clear out of the water, stauding for a moment or two straight up aud down,aud as he swung his body rouud in falling we saw the blood pouring Irani his jaws in a stream. He fell upon nis back with a terrific apluah of foum, nod for a few teconds was out of danger. Again he raised his head—the killers were both fastened to his lips agaiu,tear ing off the blubbery flesh iu inonstrouu strips. Once, as he swallowed in his agony, he opened his vasty jaw, and ere he could close his mouth one of his foes thrust in his bulldog head and sought to tear away a pieoo ol his great tongue. And then came such a crashing und splashing and bewildering leaping of foam,'».. d his tail upreared itself and swept round and round in all directions, and then struck the water blow that sounded like a thunderclap. Look," .iui.l the uhild again, 1 there arc mure of those cruel killers coming ; see, tbeie the>y are, just below us I" l'ifty feet away from the persecuted hump back, ana sailing round and rouiul iu the green water beyond the rocks w« re'five sharks. They had smelt the blood of the battle, und were waiting till they could joiu in, and, while the killers forced their bead into tho humpback's mouth and tore out his toothsome tongue, feed upon the quivering mass of blubber and rend him in pieces from his head down to his "small." The unfortuaate animal was now becoming rapidly exhausted, and though he still struck the water resounding blows with his tail, he was convulsed wilb pain and terror, and swam alo«ly round and round in a circle, apoutiug feebly, and rolling from side to side in a vain effort lo shako off the killers, aud find his way to tbe open sea. Then, us if wearied with thtir attempts to gut at his tongue, the tiro destroy ers suddenly let go their hold aid swum away some twenty yurds or so ; und the thresher, too, although he still lay alongside, ceased his fearful blows and let his long, narrow, and tapering body lie motionless upontho wuter,und the five grey sharks drew nearer uad nearer. But the killers had not left him, for after spouting on en or twice, they slewed round aud eium at the prey with a savago rush, and leup ifa'ii bodily out of the water, flung themselves upou his back time and time again with tl>« most cruel and extraordinary pertinacity. Aud so, at last, there he lay, his monstrous head and thirty feet of his back raised high out of the waler, and tho white seethe of foam iu which his colossal frame writhed and shuddered iu deadly torment was tinged deeply with u bloodied red. Better far lor biin would huve been thn swift, deuth-dealing stroke of tho whaler's lance, or the dreadful " squish " of the bursting bomb as it entered his vitals, uud put an end to him at once, than endure such tortures as now were his. But, picsently, gathering his strength for one final effort, one last spout slowly curled out, he lowered his head, raised his tail, and dashed headlong seaward. And like demons from the pit the two killers followed him down. They knew thuc for a mile out the water was too shallow for him to get away fi 0111 them. Behind, the fivr sharks Rwept in swift pursuit ; ahead of nil Aliopias Vulpes cleft the water with sharp vicious " tweops " of hi* long tail. b'ivu, perhaps six, minutes passed, aud then, with a roaring burst of foam and spouting quickly, he raised his immense form half up out of tbe water and, supporting himself upon his tail, spun round and round. Twice his cave like mouth opeued aud shut, aud bs iie beat the sea into froth and spume mound, a strange, awe-inspiring sound accompanied liis last spout ; for tlie sharks were at biin below, tearing aud riving oub moutbfuls of blubber, and the killeis had drugged out his tongue One last shuddering gasp, and the uow uncon scious creature sank backwards, and describing a circle in his final " flurry," rollrd over, " fin up," and gave up his greasy ghost.—Louis Becke. in ttio " l'ull Mall Gazette." 