Tftofaiïêf ôl ftrlMh J _L A >\ "iD?*: EnNRS(T.';FAVKNa/j i. \\. . (From the "Evening News." A SMA.Lt. rjàgoon. o£^milky-1bokin<s watnr ringed roufi'l with a few polygon uni l>nnlie* ^und som«» distoiled tri-es, heside^whiob a sol &rS; Cavalier was emin:» hin', evening meal. fj^Uî^H^ujnd^sprÇHd open ^d'owna "countiy 'reaching to a treeless horizon! It was in Cen- tral Australia and fur away fiom any settled country. The traveller finished his.mewl leiniirely, gathered his things together, and put bis pack bngs in order ready for ^starting He caught his horsps and led them down to t le water to take a last drink. 1 Stow away HII you can, old man,' he said talking aloud, as is the habit men fall into in great solitudes. 'Goodnessknows where L«fyoii*n got the next dtink.'^ £ i^HTe sadHledJip^packed Ulis packhorse, _ lit his pipe with a glowing'tire stick, und "as the I ann, a fiery ball of biasing red, sank suddenly ont of sight, he nionnted and rode away to the eastward. ; j Two or three crows alighted with noisy cawing to see if any scraps had been left behind, and flew away disgustedly on finding ¿nothing,, As dusk drew on a native dog atnie,trotting along a pad to drink, but smel- ling ¿hedíate presence of a white man he ?topped short, then sat down, and howled dole- fully to give himself courage. A big yellow moon, one night after full, rose above'the eastern horizon and lit up the lagoon with L a deceptive unnatural light, throwing long shadows of the warppd and twisted trees, and milking the whole scene ?weirder and lonelier than before. The dog had guined'courage to come to the edgn of the hole,taud lap the refreshing, though some- what warm fluid, when suddenly, with a sharp yelp of pain, it spuing up and then fell helpless,1 transfixed by a spear. Then oat of the'shadows caine a uguie, a black, hideous i monstrosity, who advanced, picked up the dying animal, and waddled over to where the embers of the hie still showed a spark of life. There is a legend of an old Scottish family in whose line, every other generation, a mon- ster was boruca j being that had to be kept secluded from the woi Id in secret con- finement. Some auch lion or was this thing, -whom the blacks in loathing had haunted fiom^their tube to live or die aB nature * willed.'' It had the head mid body of a giant, the arms of tin apt>, and logs and feet so short and small that they could scarcely bear the weight of the body to which they were attached. Henoe the thing's walk was u wavering waddle, and it hud occasionally to help itself ulong the giound with its huge arms, i Ten miles away the traveller, lying on the open downs, little thought what he had es- caped thtough leaving the waterhole, Get 1 ting-up to listen for the clink of the hobble chains on hin hornos, so AB to make sure of the direction in which they were feeding, he suddenly »saw, away to the southward a dis» tant fire.!?? He had taken the precaution of leaving the waterhole and riding on after dark-to ensure himself from trouble in case natives came about. Kow what was the meaning of that fire 1 He felt a longing to 'saddle,up and tide over, hut his better sense told him to stay where he was, hut still it rendered him woiried and restless. Blacks do not, keep fiies burning all night, and what fires they do maintain aie small, and would not be seen 'pfar put in j the 'grent^ silence mid stillness of,the inland plaina Men's narves.are susceptible. The utter loneliness oppresses the boldest. It is as if a man were suddenly cut off from his fellows and brought face to face with the unknown. A wander- ing ghost just released from its earthly body munt feel the simm. The distant Hie haunted Mervin's restless sleep the leniain der of the night. He bad to rise every, now mid again to see if it had burnt down.' But »teudily and brightly it burnt on until'the ilny-star roue up bright, pure, and beautiful, even as the wan and sickly moon paled and Hank on the opposite side of the heavens, Then, when the til st flush of dawn was vis- ible, .Met van gladly caught und saddled his horses. .J will see what that file was,' he said, as ho tin mil lui hot si's'lu ads m the diiection. It uns now In omi ilnylmht, and the fire una no longer visible , but he saw, what the night muí Ino timii lum, UiHt to the south was a «laik line* of tiuibni. I As he nppioaclied he could nee a light smoke showing at times, und to this Iii* heided. As he diew noai* he Maw tluit tin' tuuliei e\tdently indicated a . larne and impoi taut . watcicouise, of whioh the one wheiu be had eaten his evening meal and w liei'i'(t|inn the nionstious being, goigeil with half-i ousted out i ion, was sleeping, was but II ti lim tiny. He nppioaclied the place boldly, for u well ai med man, on a good horse feels pi etty con- fident in In "ad daylight, aud na he got close he saw tha't it'was a native encampment aftei all that he was appiouching. Some old men ian out "\\\itli "cfies 'to meet him, but __th"v~o»> i ip«l--»io- wonpoiio,-Tind~when~Mervin held np his empty hunda nu a sign of peace, they broke into expressions of joy, and he rode straight into the cuni p. t , " It presented a «ti ango sight. Ona plat fornPof giéeii lioiighV lay'the charred and roasted body of wha't,Khy ita wan 'appealed tu lie the i cumins of a black gm, but no «binoiled and distorted by the hie which burnt undeineath*tlui'platfoim"*thafMt^'was aliuont inipnssiblii to tell what'soit of a being it had binn/ Mervin locognisrd at once that he .lind stiiiiibleil on a family of natives . nuH'jod in tlioir peculiar death rites j some ti ibes half Toasting the bodies before bestow ing them ia their last testing place, eithei in the toik otu ti.c, oi'on n platform built on I purpose. '' ' But there ' was something I strange th'ut' puzzled him " Ueneitilly speak-I ing a tribe of wild, or M-nn-wild, blaoics would ^hav>e"¿re8ented|jthe^ijitruiBÍoii of a white man duiliiu tiT«"| rogiesHjO^ojiejOf tlinii'.ccicinoiiiea but now tin y seemed ''actually to welcome his advent. , {, '' 1 ""vMei'vinr dismounted "undi* looked safc his "surrourîdinKs$ir.fl li"'Ulacks>.only. ^numbered " about twenjy ..%&lj;<ktiFi>a-'*8. "'J11». ~a5" 4-afc" « acted hisauênuon wnaT'thê oneTtimiñt*iííed' under.the corpse. ; The gins weieall out and. sci.itclnd about the In ousts with nhuip flints «s u sign <of mourning., The oreek > Boomed a I Tiwi oui and tHift »ii* ^¿"p^raiftwf loóktrí¿ #«.t«t>bd<« wW* lae (¡amp wes. there v>as evidently rio danger "to be appris hended, so he turned his horses out dud pro paied his liicakfast. .The . .blacks after' the manner of their kind, squatted down and silently watched him, and patted the stock of his carbine,-wbioh- he had taken off bia saddle to .have loady-^to hand. Haviijg donethis, he "looked entröatiu^ly at Mervin, and then pointed to the north-west. He was well satisfied .with the discovery of tbeTper roanently watered creek, for he was otit look- ing for country to take'up,'-so -that-his^'pa- tience was large that morning. The old man presently repeated the performance, and 'it dawned upon Mervin that he waa wanted to shoot something or somebody. The old black- fellow complicated matters still more by pointing to the half-roasted corpse and the mourning women. Then seemingly think- ing that he had aroused the white man's at- tention, he proceeded still in pantomime to pretend to strangle one of the boys. Mervin began to see things clearly. "The 1 gin had been strangled hy someone, and they wanted him to follow the murderer up and shoot him. In answer to his inquiries iii dumb show, the old man still pointed to the north-west. Mervin lit a pipe and had a smoke over it. He felt inclined to follow the ad- venture up, and yet did not want to waste time, now that he had found what he wanted. Finally, he determined that the matter of a day would not make much difference, and that he would go. 11« intimated as much to' the old man, who seemed delighted, and he was saddling his horse, when a chorus of shrieks arose from the women. The old man broke into a fury of rage, and, stamping and yelling, pointed to something''approaching | the camp along the bank of the oreek. Whether it was man or animal Mervin could not at ti i at make out, fur the creature waa coming at a good pace, using its long arms as forelegs. Suddenly it seemed to catch sight of Mervin and rose upright, and he saw the hideous being already (described, evidently bent upon another attack on the camp. Melvin did not hesitate. The horrible being was evidently hostile, for'it'was grind- ing its teeth and lifting'a spear it ' had been dragging, held between its toes. Mervin raised his carbine and tired. The creature gave a cry of pain, started aside, and plunged into tbVwaterhole. ' Í r. I ' Í The blacks i rushed forward, and eagerly pointed out the traces of blood on the ground but of the monster there was no sign. Mer- vin knew too well how cunningly the natives can keep themselves concealed, tinder - water, so did not expect to get another shot. He determined to hunt this strange quarry down another time ; meanwhile he tried to find out from the blacks 'whr/re the"'next water was. This appealed some 'distauce off, but as Mervin was now with * reach of the most outside station this did not so much matter. The blacks 'were making preparations for departure ; the gin's body being taken, dou- bled up together, and rolled in batk to en- able them to carry it with them. "pMervin watched their preparations, keeping" an eye on the waterhole, but it was uni limed. As it was ftinged with water lilies, the monster in hiding could easily come to the surface for breath underneath one of the broad leaves. The blaoks presently departed with all their impedimenta, and Mervin, after a long look < at the still unruffled surface of the water, mounted and rode away too. But-not far. Descending into the bed of the watercourse he tied his horse up, and Btole back and watched. He waa rewarded for his patience. ' Concealed behind a polygonum bush, he saw the misshapen brute emerge from the'wuter hole and go on its stumpy legs and long arms to the blacks'deserted camp. The bulletwound must have been only a alight one, for the thing moved «bout quickly enough; except when it attempted to walk on its legs only. It was well within shot of where Mervin was concealed ; butas the creature'»had- not attacked him, and in spite of ita deformity was appin en tly still a human being, lie mere- ly kept in concealment and watched. The monster came near enough to enable him to see it closely, and he was struck with the im- mense size the creature would have been if it had been properly developed, Even aa it was, it was no wonder that it was au object of terror to the other blacks, for with the assistance of its hands and arniR it could tr- tvel astonishingly fa«t, and once within its giip an oiiliiuns HIHI would bi> powei leas. Many a time in after yeurs did Mervin re- gret that lie had not Hiern ami then rid the world of the a«ful thiiii!. The ci enture wau «nulling ubout wheip the gin's Imily had been roasting, mid at timesut teied lo* gio'wls'of cliihri|ioiiuillHiit'nt Unding nothing eatable left behind: ..-presently it star- ted on the tracka of .the ilepui ted hlacks, ¡and to Mei vin'« discdmfit'me he'saw'thut'tbis pro- ceeding would inevitiibly'lead'it pMRt'liiH;p|ace of concealnn-nt, near euoiiyh to eiisme ilis'cóv ei y, t Flight waa out ,of, rhe <|nention.,..The only thing was'to show a bold trout, and not let1 the cteatni e come near' eiiouiili" 'to" seize bim. Following otit 'this pla ii,'he "stepped from behind the sheltering polygonum,.«hen the brute waa still nearly twenty paces away.."' , .«'» - *:i.I'~.»'U'_2. It stood sti night on its legs and stared st I him, showing ita teeth in a Ravage snarl. Mervin stoeli d Ina net ves and'looked the hor tor straight in the ejes, and coveted its heart with hi« carbine.;}; He guessed tliatsucb a be- ing would )>» wpndeifully^teiiuo'ioús of'life, and'even if «hot tbioiigh'SilVd 'through might ?yet'ieuoh lum and'kill linn in ita dying agon- ies. He kept bia gaze thei efoi e fixed iinqtiail ingly on the othei, and aftei a pause of acute suspense tlio iiioiistoi- dropped Ins eyes and re- tí ea^e<f haokwa"îjfa in "a hobbling suit of,fash- ion, evidently just i einem bei ing, the smart of the foi mer wound .mid aft aid, to'.tutu its back. f j i ' . o it waa not until it wan some ^considerable distance off that Mervin retreated in hi« turn to where he had left his' horse''and'mounted arid rode away. , tl (. 'rt'/,- u 'Tliat was n near shave,' he'nmtteied to liinmelf. . If I stock tina country I ninst clear that gentleman out of;tbi*.'4Z j^tL-^t'ti , Hooveiiook thejMtiveB, und gave them to understand that the monster would not fol- low them. Then he pushed rapidly on, found the waterhole,the',natives hod toJdT:hiroT:of, and.the next^morning arrivecl^sj, tho*'furthest "station- to thei wuBtwaid', j,-¿,y s. *. ?.«« -¿ «.«. J -.* in.»»*''»* »v __ 'Yes,' said Eastwood, the owner, when Mervin told him of his adventure.'; n«Ii have heaid of this from the blacks, t but did not put muoh faith iu it- tbey have «lwayg io th-. areek tOOi hilt did net take the .trouble to go out I have euotigh country of mjr own to Idbk after. ' ' Well, I hope he'll clear out before I come up with the cattle, I don't want to ,have trouble .with.the pool wretch. I sunposeJhe Htiangled the gin, and they managed to -lieat. hun off befoie lie could have time to carry the Mfcdyj away^'l ^ , ** ' That would* bo it. Nowondei the blao s are fnghteued of him if be is like what you aay.'i ' ' Wait~till yon see lum, old mau. My nerves haven't straightened up yet. I tell you those few minutes when we were looking at each other/were about the worst I P ver spent in my life.) Ugh 1 The idea of being torn to pieces by that brute nearly upset me. It was a wonder I didn't pull the trigger. ' \- «-Catch him alive when you go_ out__there and exhibit him as a show. You'd make a small foi time out of him The wild maa of interioi Austialia would look well on' pos- ters. ' 'I only hope he doesn't catch me alive, that's all ' 'Well don't hunt him on to my run,old chip. My cattle ate just settling down, and a beauty like that would bend them all over the 'coun- try One thing, if you can make friends with the creature, you'll have no troublé with the blacks. I wonder at those you saw daring to camp there. None of the niggers about'here would venture near the place. ' -Mervin resumed his journey, but the fur- ther he got away from the place the moie re- luctant he was to speak'abont what he_had seen, so he said nothing about it; butjtt^times he would wake from a startled nightmare, thinking those ape-like aims were lound him and thebestial face gunning in his. nBut even this feeling grew duller, and by the time he waB well on the road with his cattle even this had woth off somewhat. But still he had a haiintingforethouglitof something impending, and would have sold thu country and sought pastil ros else wheie if he could have got a ie munerative oH'ei for it. flO BE CONTINUED.] 