The Man Under the House. [FOUNDKD ON FACT]. Br CnAituw O'Matxby]. Tbe pleasant company, gathered together lit Bathoormae hooae for tbo Christmas holidays, was seated on the verandah whlob overlooks the booutihil Burro Burra Jlirw. It WM a oaitn, moonlight evening, and ibe water flowr.i in pi'ROefol ripploa by. Stories or adventure were being told, mo?t of them having been per«onally experienced by tho narrators. l-'or rotna little lim« tbrra bed been a lull in the conversation, when Major l)re,o, the genial boat and meeU-r o( ltathcorniao boueo and ataiion, turned to a aligbt girl witb a nervous but clever face near bim and raid— • What's thai I heard you telling ' the girla the other day about as ad* venture you had had at Claranoovllle, Miss Anson r Coma let ue hear It. I'll bs bound it woe something In teresting.' • I em afraid you gentlemen won't think it worth the naumjif an ad venture,' Viae Anson replied witb a alight flush. ' Well, let ue bear it and judge for ourselves, Miss Alteon,' eaid the Major, while bis daughter chimed In with— ■Oh, do tell it, Belle; I know everyone would like to bear it, and it «V a real adventure, any that you will,' Thue importuned Mise Anson began. • At the latter end of laet year I went to ipend a law months at Clarenceville, one of the principal northern towns, with a friend who bad been formerly governess in our family. Mise Buyer lived eome 10 ot 12 milee from Clarenoevllle, at a pkoo called Daudyboy. M was a lonely, secluded spot. Not a bouse woe within a couple of milee. My friend lived in a email ooltago built on high pilee, and under it vrae an ] accumulation of old boxes and all | sorts of rubbish. Mise Bnyer, who \ woe head teuoher of tho llandyboy Public school, distance of some five miles from her residence, used to tide there every day, I aocompanying ber, and assisting to teaoh just for ibe fun pi the thing. Mies Buyer's mother and two sisters lived with ber, but at tbo timo of my visit tboy bad juBt left on a trip to Sydney. < As it was somewhat late before we returned, wo used to take our lunch packed up with ue. Mies Buyer kept two horses, and I rode to Uiu school on pao ol these, We need to catch and eaddle them our. selves just before breakfset, j One evening, after 1 bad been at Bandy boy some three weeka, I went ont to the paddook with the brldlea to bring tho horaae up to the verandah wbero the aaddlea were. Diok was quietly feeding at the lower end, but Taney was nowhere to be eean. That she had managed to get ont waa at onoe evident from a broken slip.rail %nd hoof prints in tbe aoft mud out side of the 4>addook. The wonder was that Diok had not accompanied Ber. Cotching him, I went np to the bouse and told Mies Buyer of Pauey'e disappearance. < We did not know what to do. Bendyhoy school was too distant for wither of ue to walk even in fine weather, when tho road waB in a fair* ly good condition' The reoent heavy gains bad madoit e mere boggy track There would be no time to go after the boree, whioh bad very probably made back for the pleoe where she bed been reared—a elation 9 or 10 miles away. ' At last I settled tbe matter in the only possible way by declaring that I would remain at the house while my friend rodB to the school on Dick. Miss Buyer would not hear of this ut first, for she knew 1 was naturally timid and nervous. But I finally overruled her objections and persua ded her it was the only thing to he done. ' I will make plenty of work for myself' I said ; «too much to have time to feel lonely or frightened, and ij will not mind being alone.* . - « Well, I suppose Til have to give in,' eaid Mibs Buyer. * The inspector is Very particular or I would not go to the school at all to-day. But I will dismiss them early andtjome back geaoonas I can. I'll leave Sailor, the dog, with yob as a guard;' " 'Bnt master Sailor had no idea of •laying. Ho 1'ked aeeamper through the bush where he could chase the naddymelops and frisk to his heart's delight far too well to remain with me. When Miss Buyer had mounted mid was riding off he broke away from me as I held him by the collar and careered gaily off, leaping and bark ing by Dick's eide. ' So ] wsb left •tone, and, be.iog I city-lived end unused to tbe solitude I of tbo buib, I must confess to feeling a littles bit lonely end nervous m It saw my friend disappear from my sight amongst the trees in the narrow | bosh track. • Howerer, I aoon became accua-1 tomed to being by myself, and the I morning passed more quickly than 11 could hare hoped, in doing rariona I little household duties, writing letters, | etc. 'After lunch, I rssolred to go on | an egg.hunting expedition. Putting on the shabbiest dress I could find, I ] proparod to crawl on my hand* and ' knees under the bouse where 1 bad heard the bena cackling in the early morniug. * Miss Buyer bad aeseral fowls, but we rarely got an egg, as tbey laid away either in the bush or beneath the cottage, where it wat almost impossible to get at tbe neats, my friend informed me, owing to the obstructions presented by the accu* mulstion of rubbish of all aorta which j was piled there, left by the former ] occupants. • Although Miss Buyer had been at | Dandyboy for orer a year, ehe had j bad no opportunity of effecting a i clearance* I had often peeped cautiously at tbe collection of lumber, but had never examined it thoroughly. This day, bowevor, 1 was determined that no fear of snakes, which reptiles would bo very likely to bo found there, should deter me from making an attempt to get some eggs, at I wanted to make something special for Miss Buyor's tea. Although still early afternoon, it was nearly dark under the house, ow ing to tbe number of shrubs which urew around. It was.some minutes before I could accustom my eyes to the obscurity to proceed farther inwards; many and various obstacles barred my progress, Old books, boxes, broken bedstead#, fragments of crockery, etc., etc., etc., were, scattered about in a heterogenous mass. I was almost inclined to give up with so many difficulties in my way, when 1 caught tight of some white oval things a few yarde to my left, near a mere skeleton of a aofa. Those encouraged me, and I was proceeding cautiously and slowly towards them when suddenly my heait stood still for a moment, and tbpn began to beat so furiously that I felt almost suffocated. Aa I advanced towards the eggs I saw, through the framework of the old aofa, the figure of a man. He was in a recumbent position, with his bsok towards me, and seemed to be sleeping. A gun Uy near his outstretched arm. I often wonder now how it wee that I did not scream out or faint. I did neither, but sat, or rather knelt, atill for about bslf-a-minute, staring at his figure, dimly discernible in the aurrouuding gloom. Then a sort of terror took possession of me and with my heart wildly throbbing, I made my way out aa awiftly and quietly aa was possible, and in a aecond or two found myself standing in the day light, ; with the eun shining brightly above mo, I fled into tbe bouse as fast as my tottering foot could carry me, and reaching the inner bedroom, locked it, and than crouched tremb liugly on tbo bed. Not very like a heroine wae 11 But 1 bad never been away from tbo life in a large town before, and I was naturally timid aDd uervoua. The memory of the stories I have read of atrocities practised by busbrsugers (for such -1 supposed the man under the bouse to be) came thronging to my mind, and . , made me ebudder. •But why didn't you-take to the] bush and make for tbe nearest house] Miss Anson ?' hsked MsjorDrega. • The nearest was tbe eehool, and 1 that was five miles away* **■ Miss j Aneon's reply. • Besides, I thought 1 it very likely that the man was only j feigning sleep, and if he saw me going I off be would very probably chase, and f then he must soon capture me. - After a minute fir two I rose and ; fastened the little window securely, j then, bb quietly as I could, I pushed j tbe bed ag^DBt tbe door which I bad ] previously locked. It was now abont half-past three. At the earliest, I could not expect \ Miss Buyer for an hour. If nothing | happened before, I knew not what we could do after ahe came. Time passed elowly; oh, ao slowly. I listened intently, but could bear nothing. Suddenly, about bslf-sti bour after I had come into tbe room, I fancied some kind of sound was audible. H seemed "to be just under where I etood. My breath came quickly, and I strained my ttts "in agonised terror*. Yea, ...tbere it waa again, a minute after, and this time 1 knew I was not mistaken. I could bear breathing, sod the - sound of something moving amongst the rubbish tinder the thin boards which formed the flooring of the room, I could beer'no more, My over strained Derves fulled ua, and I fell fainting to the ground. I was BwukeDed from my swoon by loud knocking at ay door, and—oh, joy—the voice of Min Bayer eelling: • Bells, Bells, open the door. Whet Si the meaning of tbie ?' At hiatily se 1 could I pulled the bed swey and unlocked the door. \--'My dear child, whit ii the matter P' my friend^exclsimed,' your face it si'white as a ghost's.* • Oh, Mini Bayer,' I saidwildly, ' where has he goneP* • Where has who gonef acted my1 friend, itaring at me in earpriie. ' Tbo man with the gan under the house,' I eaid, in "a terrified voice. Jaet at thi* moment there woe a rattling eoand a* if something lwea moving amongat the tine end rabbi* h •gain. 'There be ill' I cried, clinging to my friend. • Noneenie, child !' That ii Sailor, who ran under the home directly after 1 came, about ten minutea ago. I let the children out early on pur* poee to come beck to you. ' But I toll you I eaw a men there j when I went to look for egge,' I per* nivted. My friend looked astonished, and then a little frightened, fcut only for a moment. Then she burst into a loud ringing laugh. ' Oorne with me. you foolish girl,' she said, taking me by the arm. I accompanied her in bewilderment. ' Now wait here,' she asid authori tatively, as we went outside. Miss Buyer dropped on her baud* and knees, and, drawing her riding ekirt about her, disappeared, in epite of my frautic remonstrances, under the honse. My friend appeared a few moments afterwards, accompanied by Sailor, and judge of my astonishment if you can when I eaw her. drag forth the cause of all my terror with her. And who or what was he, you will natur ally want to know. No man, as I saw plainly now that daylight re vealed him or it to me. Nothing but a suit of clothes stuffed (as I after wards found) with straw, and for the face a pink and white mask, with ferocious whiskers and staring glass eyes. The gun was the only genuine thing, and that was real enough, but very old, end cracked across the stock. 1 What on earth is the meaning of thisP' I demanded, aa eooe as I had stared my fill at the figure. Miss Buyer laughed,' you may well ask,1 ehe said, ' When we oame here first. Mother and Mildred were ner vous at the thought of liviDg in the bush all alone and unprotected by any sort of man. Mother was alwaya be Stalling what might happen, and one day when I came home from school I found this gentleman installed on our little verandah, with the gun—which we had found under the houBe when we came—soross his knees. Un known to me, Mother and Millie had beeu making thia figure np for days wilh an old suit of one of .the boys that mother had with her. The msek Millie bought at Clsrenceville. Mother eaid sbe would leave him on tb* verandah, every day, with the gan, eo that paseing tramps would think we had a men with' us, and would be frightened to come near the house. X remonstrated, and sold that if it were found oat we would he the laughing stock of the neigh, hourhood. But all I eaid was of no avail. One day, however, a neigh hour, calling in 'unexpectedly, dis covered onr dummy, and In si;few days the story was over the country aide, and fine fun they made of ua At leat, mother could stand It no longer, and in disgust puehedonr ' male protector* out of eight tinder the house, where he has lain over since, until you reenrrMtsi him to day. Nowondier, though, thet you were frightened. In the eeml-dark ueee under there yon might-well mistake it for a men. But I won't give It a chance to terrify anyone elee again. This evening well moke en end of him.' • Later that night we went out, taking with ue some keroeene and matehse. s . We carried the quondam protector of Bandy-hoy cottage to the lank of the creek at the end of the paddook, collected some bushwood, end then, In the words of en Australian poet, written on a somewhat similar ooee eion, we * Laid his tall hody Upon the pyre,» Sprinkled with kerosene Kindled the fire.' - The leaves and wood crackled, end the • flames leaped up. In a tew minutes they had consumed, end wo had seen the laet of' The Man under the House.' 