De Quiros and "Australia.” A controversy has arisen (remarks our Melbourne correspondent) with respect to the alleged discovery of Australia in the year 1606, by Pedro Fernando de Querros, more generally known as Quires. He was a Portuguese navigator in the service of .Spam, and rose from before the mist to bo commander of a flotilla lifted out by tno SjMinish Government for the purposes of geographical discovery and colonisation The claim was recently advanced by Cardinal Horan, of Sydney, and it is somewhat sur prising to find an educated dignitary of the church so imperfectly acquainted with the life and voyages of Quoins, as to put for ward any such pretensions on his part. In the 6th chapter of the “Viagos" of the ad venturous voyager, Queiros describes his dis covery of what lie supposed to he a great bouthern continent, and of which he took possession in the name of his church, of the Trinity, of St. Francis and St. John, of the order of the Holy Ghost, and of the King of Spain. He called the country not , Australia, but Austnalia del Espiritu oanto, in honor of the Royal House of Austria, to which lie dedienti-d his disco veries. He further tells us that he marked out the site of a city which was to be named the “New Jerusalem," and (hat he organ ised an administration con-.isting of 23 per sons, who Were duly sworn n;. as it was ms purpose to return to 8p.ua and t.' in duce the Government to colonise .Australia. Unfortunately for his visions of a great do minion in the Pacific, and f.'rtunatelr for mankind, it turned out that his imaginary continent was only an Island and not a .very large one, either. It still bears the :rianxo lie gave it o f Espiritu 8.-r.to, and it is The most westerly of the N\w Hebrides group. 8o Queiros was never within 18 or 20 degrees of the island continent of 'Australia,tho aboriginal inhabitants of which •thus escaped Spanish slavery or extermina tion, the usual methods of “civilising" na tive races. r ' I One hears a great deal of the high salaries of members of the dramatic profession, yet last year out of the 10,000 bona fide actors and actresses in Great Britain 1079 wore re lieved by tho Actors' Benevolent Fund, and less than 100 were steadily earning £1000 a year and upwards, so the chances arc that one Thespian out of every ten will have to solicit charity. 