OUR SERIAL STORY. UNDER THE HAMMER, BY MARY LOVETT CAMERON (Author of "At a Moorish Window," etc., etc.) [Ail. BIGHTS EESEETED.] PART BO. CHAPTER V.-EXIT DICK. Alban Challoner was attached to the English Legation at Paris. After five years in the East he had come back to Europe with a reputation for skill and daring in conducting difficult negotia- tions, which promised to carry him far in bis profession. The Carlist war waB barring the Pyreneau frontier, when it was found -necessary to send important despatches from the Embassy at Paris to Marshal Serrano's army on the borders of Guipúzcoa. A speedy reply was wanted, and Alban volunteered to break through the Carlist lines with the despatches instead of sending them round by the safer but more circuitous route. " You will carry your life in your hand. Every suspected spy is shot on the spot," said his chief. : " I have juggled with my life for the last five years.with no worse results than you see. I will answer . for the des- patches; for. the rest, it is my affair." So he went. Reaching Biarritz he found himself among one of the oddest crowds that Europe could muster. There were refugees froni Las Provinzias, as the seat of wai* was called by its inhabi- tants, anxiously awaiting news of the homes which they had abandoned at a moment's notice, and many of which were already heaps of smoking ruins. There were emissaries from Don Carlos looking out for volunteers or negotiating loans ; filibusters ready to sell their valiant persons to the highest bidder; jostled spies who were similarly in the market . journalists abounded, and were the jôy and prey -of all the liars in Biarritz (and God^wot if those were many !) ; and last, but not least, gamblers of all nations and both sexes were going daily to JTontarabia, where acrosB the frontier an enterprising firm had started j a gambling hell just out of reach of the law of either country, and contentedly j made their profit out of the political troubles of the day. Then there were the camp-followers of this motley «sewî No wonder Biamtz was full! ;>" " Into this witches' cauldron Alban plunged one evening, arriving by the day mail from Paris, fie had turned over various projects for accomplishing his ; purpose on the journey, ami he had come jtp the conclusion! that his best; chance, lay in trading on the. reputation for poking their noses into places where, theil" presence is both unnecessary and dangerous, which our countrymen have acquired abroad; and he therefore decided to give himself out as a young Irishman come for a lark, just to see a bit of a fight. Following out this idea, he took a room at the Hotel d' Angle- terre as Mr. O'Halloran.and dinedalone, not wishing to run the chance of meet- ing with acquaintances at the table d'hôte. There were folding doors between his room and the next, to which he demurred at first, but was told that Biamtz was so full he must consider himself lucky in getting a comfortable room at all. Besides, the waiter added that the doors in question only led into the private sitting-room of an English " Milor," and that he and his wife used it but little. Having eaten,. and decided on his movements for the morrow, Alban fell into a doze over, the *wood fire, which the chilly evenings of late autumn made desirable. -The - dangers ^oLbis jenter prise seemed .'greater .now that he was close upon "the frontier; His fellow passengers in the. train had been full of the savage reprisals whicli jthe-mérciîess severity of the Government troops- had evoked from the wild guérilleros. .Dozing off, he seemed to be a child again play- ing on the slopes ? at Eeswell. His two Elay-fellows were near him. Mab with er golden curls floating in the wind, Hermia bright and earnest ; they played in the woods at Giants; Blunderbore had taken the girls captive. He, Alban, was the rescuing knight. Mab held out her arms ; terror was in her blue eyes. "Save me-Ab! I am afraid," she cried. He started and woke up in the bare hotel room ; the great white and gold folding-doors were before him as when he fell asleep,; but the voice was ringing in his ears. " You frighten me ! " it said again and now he was wide. awake, and the voice was Mabel's. Then a man spoke-" Write what I tell you. I must have £1,000 to .-marrow. I must, I tell you, my honour is pledged." " I will, write nothing more. Papa forbids me. It is madness. You hare ruined yourself, you a)re ruining me. Have, some manlihess-rsome -mereyr Dickr At leást, I thought I- married a gentleman when I took you." "We bought find «old. You are Lady Kilve; arid you*abbie husband "is a scoundrel: Your, bargain, has turned opt less well than you expected. So bas mine. Take tliat penaud sign." The speaker must have émphaeised bis words by some action, for there ~was a little cry of pain. "Let gol" Alban had -lisea while the above sentences ¿were rapidly, exchanged, and hardly knowing what he did approached the t'olding-doors. His fist was raised to B&iaeh; them; asunder, jwhtín with, a 'jäJgbf effort '"Me& controlledhimself. hastily left his room, and knocked at the door of the adjoining one. " Who's there ?" cried Lord Kilve.-* Alban opened the door without more ado. Mabel in. full evening dress Bat beside the table, her poor little painted face looking pinched under the gas of the chandelier, her eyes wide with terror and grief. Behind stood Dick, bending over her. He had seized her slender wrist; he dropped it now with a mut- tered oath. The handsome Dick Hard castle was strangely changed-haggard, unkempt, deathly pale, save for some crimson patches like bloodstains on his livid face ; he was but the ghost of his brilliant past. Alban saw that he had been drinking. " Pardon me for disturbing you at so late an hour, hut I leave to-morrow early, and so old a friend I thought might be excused." He looked at Mabel, and his manner was as cool and composed as if they had met in a ballroom. ? " Surely," she murmured, " I am glad " -she could get no further in her speech of welcome. " Tou are tired, I see. Don't let me keep you up. I will see you to-morrow morning before I start, I hope. If Lord Kilve will be so kind as to step into my room, which is next to this, and smoke a cigar with me, I shall be glad." " I have business," muttered Dick. "I also have important business on hand. I believe you can inform me what time the gamers leave for Font arabia to-morrow ?" " I can ; I am going myself." ' " Pi-ay come with me, Lord Kilve. We can be mutually useful to each other. I will not detain you long." He shook hands with Mabel, who, seeming half bewildered by her reprieve, left the room by another door. When she was gone, Alban said shortly " Shall I speak here ?" "As you please,", said Dick. " Look here. Lord Kilve," said Alban, fixing his clear, grey eye on the dim orb of the drunkard and gambler, "I had the misfortune to be dozing in the next room when I was awaked by the sound of voices in this room. You kuow what I heard. Now, I have an offer to make to.you. Yon can accept it and be a man, or reject' it, and remain a cur. Hark! .My business is of life and death. .The Government will pay a large sum to get these despatches passed thjijaugh the Carlists. My pix>fessiona|. reputation is . atrstake. I knowno Spatoifeh and l;am '" i going to try and pass through as a mad _. travelling Englishman whp.^bas oome to see the fan, hut I absolutely require a ' servant who can speak the language ind - who inows the country. I was trusting to my lucky star to \pick up one.r I . remember hearing that your mother was Spanish, that you speak the language like a native, and that you used- ire- I quently to travel in these parts. You have also the type. Will you play for your life instead of bullying your wife ?" Alban's calm measured tones restored Dick's shattered faculties; he pulled himself together and considered. He saw the folly of resenting Alban's words; indeed, his better self respected the man. " How about the money P I owe it. I must pay it to-morrow." " Strike the bargain and I give you a cheque on a Paris banker to-morrow morning." ~ Dick stared: Alban added impatiently " I tell you they have trusted the thing to me to pull through. They will honour any cheque*! draw." He knew that half of it must come from his own pocket ; he had only carie blanclie np to a certain sum, but he was willing -to pay it for the sake of his old -deadlove. Dead, since he looked on the » ' painted butterfly'at the càfé-chantanV hut sacred for all that. ? - . " I will go," said Dick. ; -r - "Come and borrow clothes from one ~J| of ijhe waitera here, or rather buy his, fl for we will take them to Fontarabia. - fl You change there and you are Pierre fl Soto, my man-servant, till we are in ' fl Serrano's lines or in eternity." ? " Done ! " said Dick, and this strangely T assorted pair set forth. * # * * * The little town of Hernani echoed to the sound of the cannon posted on the heights beyond the Uramea B/iver, and which were pounding away at the great gates of the town. These walled villages of the Vascon- gadas (for it is an exaggeration to call them towns), perched on hill-tops, their { brown church-towers in the midst, the j houses pressed together inside the j encircling wall, tell a tale' of centuries of frontier warfare. Unprotected vil- lages do not exist here, for they would have been burnt to the ground long ago. On the slope towards the river a country house, with green shutters and a wide, cool verandah-- covered with creeping .plants, stood amongst pleasant grounds. There', was a strange twntrast between -, itspeaceful-'aop .the masonry «f one comer,' wherea stray cannon-ball had made its undesiiwl entíry. ' Theonce caref ully kebt garden was full of such missiles, which had torn . up grass lawns and flower-bedB¿ The house itself would have been burnt to the ground long ago, for the family had fled, but for one thing. That was the red.cross which hung over the door. An. ambulance had been established there, and even Hie fierce mountaineers re- spected that Bign. A woman, stood under the verandah looking anxiously down towards the river, where the remains of a fine Old stone bride», the middle arches of which liad been blown np, spanned the stream. She wore a nurse's dress, and the red croBs was on her. arm, A peasant with his arm in a Bling joined her. "What is it, Juan?" she asked in Spanish, but her accent showed she was a foreigner. " They have caught two spies. Santa Cruz's men brought them in, and were foi flinging them in the river at once, but the captain has interfered, and they are being brought up here; one was wounded in trying to «scape." The woman shuddered. The fighting curé, Santa Cruz, who, like the bishops of the middle ages, himself led his flock to the fray, was known to her, and the band of men he led were, if ike bravest, also the ?wildest and most fanatic among those daring and desperate guérilleros. "They may be innocent," she said. "It is not certain what may he their business. One says he is a mad .Ingles out for a frolic, and the other is his servant, but Santa Cruz does not believe a word of their story, and el Capitan ÍB going to enquire further. Ali! here they come." A little party of men appeared climbing the low wall which separated the garden of the ¿asa de campo from the billow heds along the ' riverside. Over they caine, active fellows with spare lithe figures, holding themselves as men do who are used to cany heavy weights poised on their heads. They were all armed with gun6 and "navajas," as the^long knives are called, without which no Spaniard of the lower classes goes. On their heads they wore the white Carlist "gorro," round their waists crimson "fajas," or sashes; other uniform they had not. Their feet were, shod witih the sandals -which ave imivevsauy worn in the Vascongadas, and which have been adopted by aU Spanish regi- ments on the march, with the result that the soldiers never go footsore. The prisoners were humed on in their midst with scant ceremony. As they came up the slope before the house, the nurse gave a violent start, and leaned j against the pillar of the verandah. ¡ "ßpod God! Alban and Dick!1 What fate has brought them, here to- gether?" Uncertain whether any interference on [ her part would be for'tbejpod or harm of the prisoners, Hermia Tempest Trith-, drew. further into the. shade of the t: verandah, and listened to their examina- : tion,, herself' unseen. Since she had thrown up her worldly /life, upon her pariáng; 'jwith .DicV in' the Bois de.[ Boulogne, and, after a year's training in a London .Hospital, had come out .with the English Ambulance to this wild -and cruel war, she had seen so many terrible, scenes and 'witnessed such suffering and so many deaths, that ber nerves were proof against any &kock; ; she listened eagerly, ready tb make U6e of the slightest circumstance which might, bev turned to the advantage of the prisoners, pick:seemed unhurt, but Alban hada blood-stained rag tied round his head and one arm hung powerless by his side ; he had evidently not, been taken without a struggle. In the questioning which followed, Alban had to trust entirely to Dick's interpretation. Dick stuck to the tale of-the mad Irishman Ö'Hallomn^ as for himself, he was the servant-Pierre, half-Spanish, half-French, ¿nd he had been engaged by the Senor in Paris for the trip because he knew the country. The, officer listened with the immova- bility of the Castillan. He was a hand- some fellow of the high-bred, courteous, and . dignified type. When Dick had answered his interrogatory, he said- - " This fellow is not what he says. I see it in bia eyes ; ï béai' it in the tones of We voice. He is not^a servantjsror, half-a Frenchman. I don't know what : he is, excepte liar; of which I am sure. As for the English loco, he may be all that man says. Her looks like a fool, like all his countrymen. I would let him_ off were, he alone, but the com- panionship be is in condemns hun. Take them both away, and hang them on the nearest tree!" - ' There was an instant's pause. .Alban understood nothing save the gesture, which he guessed to be condemnatory, and he folded his, arms with .an air of resignation. A wave of some strange Îiassion passed over Dick's face, amine ooked down. Then he raised his eyes, and as he did so he saw Hermia on the balcony, peering over the heads of the soldiers. She could no longer restrain herself , and was close against the rail- ings, leaning orer^white and breathless. Alban was looking away across the river; hé did not see her. Dick turned to the officer with a mocking laugh. " You are a clever fellow, my Capitan, but not quite so clever as you think. As Îou have made up your mind to hang me, may as well make à clean "breast of it. lam a^ spy, bot that .English loco {mad / ¿ian); is not in .the secret. .. He is my \- jdup e . His eiTand in this connfoy is one : . ' that a gallant fellow like you, Capitan, .;. sjraîl nnderstand.' He has corné hi search ?^?^oi'^iSs eweefiieai^;whO'-is nursing yotir wounded somewhere about here. I engaged as nis servant as a means of" getting across the frontier. He has been useful to me, and my honour as a. \- Spaniard will not allow me to involve an innocent man in my fate." "Ahl" Hermia could not jeBtrain al cry. Admu^ation-piiy-fear, á thousand conflicting feelings surged np in her breast. ' ' Alban turned-"Hermia! Good God!", "There! Is it not as I said?" anfl Bkk laughed again, nota gleasanilanghl to bewirb - - , *"- " ? ~^ " - - - ? " - ' ' The Cáptala bwirled his- moustache. As a Spaniard, a lore tale was to him the mostlikely and the most excusable explanation of a young man's folly. *' Let the Englishman go to his novia," he said, after a minute's thought. " She is an angel and may cure him of those J scratches, and then marry him if she will. As for the spy, he must die, but his confession shall save him from the ignominy of hanging, we will give him -a soldier's death. Put his back Against the garden wall and let him have a bullet in bis heart." The Captain walked away; the soldiers hurried Dick with them round the corner of the house, and Alban was left free. Bewildered, he turned to join Hermia on the verandah, but ai be reached the step he staggered and fell, faint from the loss of blood. She was beside him applying restoratives in a moment.. Presently he raised his head. " How* is it P What did he say P Why am I spared?" . " Dick Hardcastle saved yon. Ah ! " Two shots in quick succession, near at hand told that a misspent'life had ended, not ignobly. * ' THE END. 