SYDNEY WEEK BY WEEK (By Emily Soldene.) “Queen’s Birthday” — goodness gracious, wasn’t it cold! Everything and everybody out at Rand- wick was perished— noses were nipped, lips were blue, complexions were purple, eyes that were not full of water were full of dust, tippets were drawn tightly over shivering shoulders, coats were but- toned up closely except the Honorable Tom’s — he wore his, as usual, one button— hats were pulled over knitted brows, hands were pushed firmly down into the deepest depths of warm pockets. It was bad enough for those who were warmly clad; but there were lots of ladies with pretty dresses, but seemingly without wraps, and they must have felt the cold intensely. Seal tippets with high Medici collars — and velvet hats, and broad, soft crowns— jewelled belts, and sable were much in evidence. * * * * In spite of the cold, the meeting was gay and bright and brilliant. People shivered and smiled, and smiled and shivered. The presence of the Government House party undoubtedly had a great deal to do with the general liveliness. People had got on their best frocks and their best man- ners, and were going to enjoy themselves. The Governor looked natty and neat and nice in a warm overcoat with astrachan collar, and was all over the place — now laughing and chatting with groups of ladies — now very busy getting a little “bit on.” * * * * “The two Jacks” were objects of interest to many admirers. Mr. Jack Want wore a fawn- colored overcoat with collar and cuffs of self- colored Canadian beaver. It was lovely! I wonder did that fur, which is at once the most beautiful and (outside of black Russian sable) the most expensive in the world, go all through the garment. I daresay it did. Mr. Jack M‘Laughlin wore a voluminous Inverness, which was very be- coming to his tall figure and brawny shoulders. Mr. Lyne looked more like Sir William Harcourt than ever. Many other gentlemen were most becomingly dressed, and tall hats were the order of the day. * * * * The band shivered, and all the selections were given tremolando. * * * * Somehow, the sport did not seem so interesting as it did on Saturday. I suppose the weather had something to do with it. And, another thing, our division went solid for Syerla, and that may have had an influence on my personal feelings. Through the good offices of my especial commis- sioner I scooped in a bit over Kulaui; but, for all that, Saturday was the day par excellence. * * * * Yes; Randwick on Saturday was perfect — the stimulating air, the sunshine, the bright sky, the fresh breeze — all the world green and beauti- ful after the storms and the rain. * * * * But the racing was the thing, and the Royal Stakes race was the thing of things. We all plunged on Sailor Boy, and came out on top. Such excitement — such enthusiasm! “He’ll be all right if he gets out!” said somebody. Such a sudden dropping of hearts into boots when Brazen Lad crept up. Dear me! how one’s blood tingles! “Come on, Sailor Boy!” “Come on, Sailor Boy!” we cried, and stretched out our hands to, if possi- ble, lift him along. * * * * “ ’E hain’t a cummin’! ’E hain’t!” observed a lady in a melancholy voice, a large picture hat, and a multicolored toilette. The ghost of Lindley Murray shivered, but in spite of the ungrammati- cal assertion, Sailor Boy did come — came with a rush. “Sailor Boy!” screamed the crowd. “No! Brazen Lad!” “No, no! I tell you!” “Sailor Boy!” “Sailor Boy!” How the people pushed and shoved. How we clapped our hands. “Sailor Boy!” “Sailor Boy!” Sailor Boy brought it off, and landed us our money. * * * * “What shouts! What hurrying! “Oxenham!” “Good boy, Oxenham!” “Bravo, Oxenham!” “Bravo, Sailor Boy!” “I put ’er tenner on!” “Right! Sure ter get er run fer yer money!” “He’s er straight man, he is!” “Straight! My troubles! Why, Oxenham’s th’ whitest man an th’ best sportsman in all New South Wales. Everybody knows that!” “Right yer are, guv’nor,” says a rough-looking man. “Hi put my merry little quid hon, an’ see,” opening his hand, “Hi collared th’ coin.” * * * * I was following Iago’s advice, putting money in my purse, when somebody said, “Do you consi- der this a place within the meaning of the act?” It was Mr. Slattery, with him Mrs. Slattery, Miss Slattery, Miss Craven, and young Ted and Jack Slattery. All millionaires — for they had not only backed Sailor Boy, they had backed Longford, too! * * * * Our elevator boy (Charley) is an up-to-date boy, also a sympathetic boy. Giving me a parti- cularly smart upheaval after dinner on the Queen’s Birthday (in honor of the occasion, I sup- pose), he observed in a tone of satisfaction, “Well, madame, you didn’t come ’ome broke, like a good many on ’em, did yer?” “No,” said I. “Was you on Brazen Lad?” said he. “No,” said I; “Syerla. But got it all back on Sailor Boy for the last race.” “Ah!” sighed he; and the lift drop- ped two stories before you could say, “Jack Ro- binson.” “They told me True Blue. I wish hi’d er bin on Sailor Boy. Did you say third floor? Right you are!” Up we flew, and third it was. * * * * If any argument were needed to prove that the remembrance of great deeds of valor, self-sacri- fice and honor, is not affected by time or circumstance, Sunday’s unparallelled de- monstration at the celebration of the Ninety- Eight centenary would have afforded that argu- ment. In the Chapel of Our Lady, St. Mary’s, there stood on tall trestles, and half-covered with garlands and wreaths of flowers and flags, a pol- ished pine coffin. The fittings were of elaborate brass work, and on each end was a brass plate, and on each plate was inscribed, “At rest.” The coffin contained all that remained of Michael Dwyer and his wife, Mary. * * * * This was not an ordinary mourning — a funeral of grief — rather a feast of rejoicing — a rendering unto Caesar the things that are Caesars — doing honor to the memories of those who lived and died in the courage of their convictions. * * * * The Cardinal pronounced absolution; the solemn strains of the Dead March in “Saul” pealed forth; the cortege moved down the aisles through a dense mass; and from that time to the time of the interment at Waverley there was a continual crush of people — people in hundreds — people in thousands. * * * * It was an ideal day for such an occasion. “The heavens smiled upon us,” said Father Kennedy. The sun was hot, and shone out like summer. As the carriages moved slowly along, the serried ranks and rows, one noticed that nearly every man, woman, and child was decked with the color of old Ireland — a bow, a ribbon, or some part of their dress. It was a “Wearing of the Green” day and no mistake. As the hearse, beautifully decorated with the Irish flag — golden harps — and fresh and shining white flowers, and festooned with laurel, passed on its way old men standing with uncovered heads made the sign of the cross; and old women, full of years and memories, and remembrances and sighs, folded their withered hands, and gazed with dim eyes at the amazing spectacle. * * * * College-street was a sight — a sea of faces. Even the Museum turned out a contingent — specimens, I suppose. At the Oxford-street corner the crush was tremendous. All the houses, roofs, balconies, verandahs, and windows were thick with people, like flies on fly-papers. The traffic stopped— huge processions of trains full to overflowing people hanging on the motor, the footboard — any- where and everywhere. ’Buses — four-horse, two- horse, five-horse — all crammed and jammed in- side and out. Cabs, carriages, bikes, carts, and buggies. Green flags flew in all directions. The air was full and vibrated with the murmur of the multitude. On the roof of Darlinghurst Gaol or Courthouse a group stood silhouetted black against the blue and smiling sky; and up against chimney stacks, and leaning over parapets, were heaps of people— people here, people there, people every- where. * * * * When we got to Ocean-street there were two lines of procession — sometimes three — hundreds of vehicles and thousands of people — tramp — tramp —tramp through the dust. All the faces turned steadily to one objective point — the grave of the heroes of ’98. Arrived at the cemetery, the procession was received by a guard of honor — the Irish societies, wearing their regalia; and borne on the breeze came the strains of Chopin’s “Funeral March.” In through the cemetery gates, and down the steep path we drove, and the people stood four deep, and on every possible point was a crowd. It seemed as if all Sydney had followed this ghostly and impalpable memory — this memory of the long ago — this memory of dark days — this memory a. century old. * * * * The crush was very great round the vault, and when we alighted the question arose, “How should we get through?” But little Ernie M‘Carthy soon settled that. “Please, make room for the ladies’ committee — the Ninety-Eight committee,” said the boy loudly, clearly, brightly, and the crowd opened and fell back on itself, and squeezed and squeezed itself and each other, and trod on its own and its neighbor’s toes heavily and with- out compunction, and let the ladies’ committee (headed by Mrs. Judge Murray and Miss Baxter) pass right away. * * * * Father Kennedy read the service. Then Mr. Hennessy, on behalf of the architects, presented Dr. M‘Carthy with an ivory and silver trowel and mallet, beautifully chased, the trowel bearing the following inscription: “Presented to Dr. Charles M‘Carthy on the occasion of the laying of the foundation-stone of the ‘Ninety-Eight’ memorial at Waverley Cemetery, N.S.W. Sunday, 22nd May, 1898. — Sheerin and Hennessy, architects; Ross and Bowman, sculptors.” * * * * Before cementing the stone, and thus sealing it up, Dr. MacCarthy deposited in the vault a bottle containing the newspapers of the day, coins, and a list of the committees of the “ ’98 Centenary,” and on the coffin he laid a broad, green ribbon, on which was printed in letters of gold the names of the Ladies’ Committee. * * * * Afterwards came the laying of the foundation- stone of the monument, and when the doctor had declared it “well and truly laid,” we by hook or by crook, and the help of strong arms, scrambled up on to the platform — a very little one — where everybody stood on the extreme edge, ready to fall off on the slightest provocation. This state of things had its advantages, for in the anxiety to keep a foothold one’s emotion came in — a hesitat- ing second, instead of an overwhelming first. * * * * Emotion? Why, yes. The whole affair was full of emotion — that vast multitude, with bared heads, uplifted faces, and ardent hearts, listening with strained ears and suffocating sighs to this legend of the dim and distant past — this remem- brance of their remembered forefathers; the scene — the surroundings— the soft, smiling sea stretching up and away so many thousand miles — to those blue and beautiful Wickiow mountains (sweet and lovely “Valley of the Thrush” do I not know thee well — have not happy days and I made close acquaintance there) — the ineffable peace — the long rest — the reward of brave deeds— the recognition of the labors of these lives dedi- cated to their country — and its cause — a hundred years ago. Even the thought of air this fills me with emotion, and tears well up to eyes that are not Irish (but have a wee prejudice that way), and would certainly fall were it not for that sketchy foothold and certain corpulent people leaning against and nearly pressing the life out of one. * * * * What was the matter with the tram service? Driving back to Sydney we passed rows of trams — but not one moving — thousands of people tramp- ing, deadly tired and grumbling, to their homes. Why could they not get a tram? Whose fault was it? Somebody bungled, that’s certain. * * * * One of the most amusing events of the Factory Girls’ Club Ball was the advent (somewhat late) of a gentleman disguised as an actor. He wore black satin knee breeches, black silk stockings, black shoes and buckles, an ordinary evening dress coat, and an impertinent, self-sufficient, and self- satisfied manner. He carried an ebony cane, with which he tapped the floor in quite the eigh- teenth century manner. He posed in the first and second, and third, and fourth positions; but did not perceptibly “catch on. “What is it?” asked some people, and other people said “Wax- works.” But they were wrong; his name was not “Waxworks,” it was——. Well, no matter. * * * * “The Surgical Appliance Aid Society” is un fait accompli, and fairly launched, with every pros- pect of a complete success. There was a great meeting at the Town Hall Monday, and the rules and regulations were submitted, discussed, and adopted. * * * * Lots of amendments proposed, one being that “all applications for assistance should be signed by a doctor, a clergyman, or a magistrate.” * * * * During the discussion Dr. Graham said “the ob- ject of the society was to relieve the afflicted, in- dependent of color, creed, race, or speech; and the only introduction required by the board of management would be that of suffering and neces- sity.” It need scarcely be mentioned that the amendment tumbled incontinently into the limbo of things that are lost. * * * * No lady spoke; the gentlemen had it all their own way. But a “lady” was the cause of much conversation, much rumpling of hair and tempers, and many jumpings up and down, and much gene- ral bewilderment, as to the construction or con- struing of certain lines in the proposed constitu- tion. One gentleman said he would like to dis- cuss the point, but it was “impossible to discuss a point you did not understand.” (I am at issue with him there — the thing is often done.) He “defied anybody to understand the clause; it had no meaning.” Then everybody put on their best specs., and looked over it very closely indeed, and at last the culprit was run to earth. It was that aggravating thing called mis-print (“mis” with one S please.) Mis-print had printed “per- sons” instead of “powers,” and that’s where all the fun — I mean the mischief — came in. * * * * Mr. Tom Roberts has just finished a very fine portrait of Sir James Reading Fairfax, K.B. The likeness is admirable, and the technique splendid. It will be on view at his studio to-day. Mr. Rob- erts tells me he is about giving lessons. This is a great opportunity for young people desiring to acquaint themselves with all that is best in art. * * * * There was a great scene outside the stage door of Her Majesty’s last Thursday night. The crowd was quite across the street, and waited till 12 o’clock. Mr. Barrett did not come out at the time expected, but they sang “We Won’t Go Home Till Morning,” and waited. At last he came, and they sang “For He’s a Jolly,” etc., and ran with the cab all the way to the Australia, and stood out- side cheering for goodness knows how long. * * * * Then again he had a great send-off on Friday night. Redfern Station was crowded, and every- body wanted to shake hands with him. “Goodbye old man; come back soon,” cried the crowd. “I’m so sorry to leave Sydney,” said he to me; “give them all my love, will you?” “I will,” said I. Miss Maud Jeffries was surrounded by friends and heaps of girls. “Oh, she shook hands with me,” cried one. “And I wanted to kiss her,” said another. “Well,” said I, “goodbye. I shall miss you all so much.” “I tell you what,” said she, “come on the ship with me.” “Oh, I can- not,” said I; “besides, you sail from Albany.” “No, I am coming back here; I go to England via America, all alone. I shall sail from Sydney on board the Mariposa, July 4. Do come.” * * * * They say history sometimes repeats itself. We shall see. * * * * As the train steamed out of the station Miss Jeffries threw a little bunch of violets from the window of her carriage. A tiny chappie caught and kissed them. “Goodbye Kirry,” said he, and turned a flip flap. * * * * The Woollahra Benevolent Society Dance Com- mittee held its third meeting at the council cham- bers on Monday, the 23rd instant, and fixed date of dance for the 28th of June, at Paddington Town Hall. There were present Mr. J. E. Green, hon. secretary Woollahra Benevolent Society, and the following ladies of dance com- mittee: Lady Fairfax, hon. president; Mesdames Jules Caro and J. Deane, hon. treasurers; Pren- dergast and Geo. A. Edwards, hon. secretaries; John Marks, S. Hordern, E. Reading, F. Aronson, J. E. Green, Cheek, Norton-Russell, and Nott, and Summerbelle and North. Generous donations to- wards supper were promised by ladies present. Lord and Lady Hampden have given their patron- age. * * * * “No day without a deed to crown it.” That is the motto of the “Fresh Air League.” The la- dies are working dreadfully hard in the cause of the ball, and seem to have adopted the motto for their own. Don’t forget the date — Wednesday, June 1, at the Town Hall. * * * * And after that, one has to give one’s mind to the Tempe Ball, which takes place June 22. * * * * Why weepest thou, oh maid forlorn, Upon the highway fair? Why wring thy hands and sigh and moan And fill with grief the air? “Oh, mock me not,” the maid replied, Her tears still flowing fast; “Upon a tandem with my love Just now my rival passed. “Nay, think not for that faithless swain I weep, and wail, and pine; But oh, despair! Her stockings have Three colors more than mine!” * * * * He (angrily): It is no use arguing with a fool! She (sweetly): But I was not arguing with you, dear. * * * * “John, dear,” urged his wan wife, “won’t you try and put the baby to sleep?” The pugilist awoke with a start and shud- dered. “No,” he answered. “Let him first get a reputa- tion.” 