v He Was Haunted. Fischer's ghost has heon laid, to ihe regret- i.f tlioso who have oherislicd liim us a winter atory for tho fireside. Ho is no loiigbr be lieved to sitontop of a tiirco-raiied fonce us n clue lo the discovery of hie bones in it stUg- lima pool. Bat there ib u nmn m tho Glebo, Sydney, wlio was haulitod by u spectre Whiuli nover left him. It Wits with him us ho sat all (lay mending allocs, and in tho dark and silent watches of the night it clung to hint, and ho began to look upon it'as u fearful part of himself until his time would couie to enter into tho spirit land." It whs a grim and horrible experience, and all his days and nights were spont in tryiug to solve the enigma of its presence, aud the , way that he could lay it, as they had laid Fischer's ghost. The worst of tlio matter was that it was itf'- visible to all but himself ; he was worse than haunted, it tortured hira, for this spectre toved to give him pain. At length tho menus were given to him to free himself of its hato- ful presence, and ho describes bis last fight with it to our representative who waited upon him at 86 Bridge road, Glebe. " For the past eight years," 6aid Mr. Wm. Burke, shoemaker. "I.have endured very much from constipa tion and piles ; no raodiciuo seemed to do me food. ; At night I could nut sleep, and y day I was too drowsy to' do my Work. Nothing I took could free mo of pain, until I tried Dr. Morso's Indian Root Fills, and now I can say that thoy are thu, boat remedy I havo over known, as they do not gripo or weakeu, aud yet do all that is said of them. I am a better man to-day then I have been for years. It is a griwd cure." Dr. Morse's Indian Root Fills cure such cases. They arc a positive oure for.liver ailments, siok hoadaohe, biliousness, indigestion, dyspepsia, constipa tion, foul breath, sallow, complexions,, and a perfect blood purifier, curing eczoura, pimplos. blotches, and all skin diseases.. As a woman's best friend they Btaud ulono. Sold by chemists and storekeepers, prioa is. 3d. per bottle. Australasian Branch of tho W. H. Oomstook Company, Limited, 58 Pitt street, Sydney, N.S.W. Sold wholesale iit Queen.v land by Messrs. Elliott Bros., Limited, 1 Bris' bane. liaoh bottle has tho'full name blown tboreon, and the wrapper, bears tho signature of Wm. H. Coinetock. Avoid substitutes, end see that you got the genuine. 