THE NEW COOK. **1 soppoae Kati* thought tb«t rite wool a fcave more work t*do if ttoere wi a goeot in tbe faowa» woo tfter l told her yoo were com ing riifc woaloktu ttakoud hod to leave. J>t lie eee—wbete tu IP • One or hotter, two of *ug*r4 foaretfta.* Now, Margaret, too weed Ootbeat thoae egf«» I declare it u a shame to toritft yon hwe «od thee pot 700 up 16 the kftobea to work I" Here piUlj Mra. Tborne pained to toko breath. Marrarat 'looked up at her friend aod I laoghed-ro lew, hearty laugh that vu good to hear- 'oud -Ountinued to bent the foaming white m*W 00 tte plate ehebebi. If joa heard Margaret Moore laugh without seeing bar face you would have an autuUoeotu deaire to be hold ft, Una goo would bare wished to know tt»o owhar, not that it war a beaotifol face; it *M *ia*plg bright and happy. Her voice matched ^ho Uu^h iu its low. aweet tonea. 4* Too are the eeme old Lutie. I cannot see that afaatband and a boy have changed you in tiwMut. lam •orry for yoaraake that your] oook it go he, but yoa need not worry on my aoooant, | am rarer *0 happy as wbe& busy at •m®* J»ece -of housework, especially cooking, i Too moat remember that 1 have hod a very [ practical education. At home we girls always managed the bouse," "That explains your knowing bow to do everything, Ab, Margaret, what ■* mistake some mothers make in bringing op their daugE ten. .1 am forever jo a muddle of some kind. Vou would be surprised and shocked if I told you of some ot the mistakes l 'biv* made since I taw been bonarkeeping. Arid it is *11 owing to my sot luring brentauibt when I wet a girl .t borne. When 1 tale . good mwot erei^i tbiuggoes on very well, but it is often the use tb.t I n obliged to pat up with a poor one, nod aha must .tar tenuis BO, for J cannot taaoh bar better." Then was isireh honest distress in her foes that Margaret did not laogb, bat helped bet with the cake and changed tbo subject. Supper time came. Mr. Thorue was borne from tbo book end little Robbie from school. Margaret bad mode e dish of salad, end the cake wee propounded delicious. '* 1 don't see but wbet we can get along eery well without« cook," eaid Mr. Thome, helping himself e second time to the salad. •• l hat is because Margaret is hem.*' '" Meter mind—she is going to teach me ell •he knows, -I shell surprise you yet," said the little wife, hopefully. fie laughed, rose from the table, end was about to leave the room when he drew a letter from his pocket, ' " Here is a note from Aunt Sarah, pet; I had admoat forgotten it." Mrs. Thome opened the scooted euvelope and read the note inside in alienee, but hur fees was eloquent with disappointment and despair. " What in the world ib the matter, Lulia t" said Margaret anaioualy. f 1 is anyone aiok or dead f I never eew you look so hopeless," " Auot Sarah and Mary are comiag here." ' Is that all P" I 1 Why, Margaret i You hare no idea what' a horrid woman Aunt Sarab is. Sbe end Mary1 come and slay a month at a time. They are anoh model housekeepers that they think 1 ought to be loo, and never excuse a mistake. I As for Mr. Thome's aunt,- Aunt Sarah thinks; the is privileged to lookieto my closets and cupboards—and—well, yon know tbey are el-1 ways more or less stirred np. I do straighten things once in a while, bat they won't stay that' way loqg. Cdou't profess to be a model house keeper, hut it is so aggravating. to hare her lea® with me I She is a regular spy, and Mary1 is just like her," ' Baring thus freed ber'minl Lutie tranquilly finished her sapper. Then they talked the matter over seriously, . "In the first place, we most get a cook at any prior," said Lutie. ;n" Apd it is almost im-. possible to engage a'good one at such short' notice." . ' 1 "• If tbey are coming to-morrow evening it would be better to put the house in order first. Let your washerwoman pome and seour" every thing in the kitchen and pantry ; you and 1 can tee to the rest ot the house, and bake up some nice things to tickle Aunt Sarah's palate." Lutie's face brightened. - " You ale just lovely 1 If Auot Garah is j cost sbe Can't begin to cook as you do. t ooly wish she could taste eome of your dainty: dishea." ' ] " How long will tbey stay f I do not think you finished reading the letter, yon wore so up •set." i * ^ Lntis took np the note and read—" So sorty, J but we can remain with you but a few days." | " Isn't (hat jnst splendid ? I might get a girl who would be willing to eome far so short a time." " Please mum, would I unit f" said Margaret, dropping a curtesy. " Don't joke now, dear; I .am in snbh trouble 1" " I waa never mote .earnest in my life." Lutie. opened hot gtaj eyes to their widest extent, while her friend proceeded to explain herself. - " f have trot met your aunt and cousin; and do r-otwiih to. It will he each fan ! Fray, let me do it, Lutie. . It fa'aa rained no since 1 name that no one has called^and eg no one knows I am here. I have been playing thefioe lady in town for the psstaixmontha; it would be so refreshing to be theoeweook for a little while." So Lotie finally couientodto the plao. "How Mid gnu enjoy your visit at" your uucles F" .'she inquired; as they washed the . dishes and arranged the table for Hie next meal. " Ob. it was grand/ofooiwse. : Tbeyjive in an degant miorion ouoneof the most fashion able streets in the raty;and entertain a dead ot company. It was a great pleasure tome to go to the .opera. Auot insisted on giving me all my parly dresses, and Idaresay I passed for a joong lady who had boen ieared in the lap of luxury, and knew nothiijg id toe common daties oflife." ' , . .. v. ■' ■ . . "A 'gmHvman.'.from;Jhis place, a great ■friind of ours, waa IniithB rtlyi Mat motor: attending lectures,:;)! VramdW if yon met him— Doctor Stone f" Margaret's face floshedr . - " Yes, he came hatha bouse quite often.. fie is related tonne of auht'bfriends. .1 did not know he lived here." " fie « not here now, and I am glad, for AuntSanh and Mary'win be disappointed. I have no doubt that ia'tbe bbjrct of their visit. Auot is determined Mary shall capture him, audi am afraid the poor fellow will be hound to yield." 'The next day was a very besy one for the two friends. When night came yvervthiog was in perfect order; uota closet .had been neg lected. It' is* safe to say Mrs, Thome's house had never been iu aneb a state before. The pantry was filled wrtbgoodihings,"and Latie Was fairly dumb with astonishment at the marvellous results attorned ly her friend. The guests arrived late in the evening. Aunt Sarah was w of - the patronising Srind of womm; Mary; a pale, langnid .woman or 33, whose beaoty was a thing or the past, bat with verygirlisb ways. •. next morning Aunt .-Sarah looked with wondering eyes at the breakfast table. The china and silver were the asme, but somehow new in'their arrangeanok Then when l.utic poured out the amber eofae, dear and strung, and delicious wiUp rich cream, Annt Sarah looked really tojoted. Irihere was anything ehewaa proud of it was koowiog W to make good coffee. Autre always had a lecture air this eobjeet. This morning she was farced ton knowledge in bet secret taut that the coffee •was superior to tar own. Then she ltimed tar attention "tbtbe meet. It Uj -upon the table, smoking tat, a delicate piece of broiled tain with batter gravy. Then tta bread—plain biscuit baked * pale brown, and eorqiitttn made of chicken—poulrt any* thing be nicer,? One thing ahe waa certain of* tawet er, H was not Lntie's doing. ^ « You must bare * new cook," wid Mary. 0 la she »good girl f •* Ob, yea, very good!' answered Lutie, with a twinkle in tar eye* as Margaret enteral joct then with a plate of hot biscuits. Aunt 3**ah looked op and scanned tar from head to foot, ^ " A very genteel-looking prl," thought ahe, " and'the best cook Lutie overbad." After breakfast came the tour or inspection, and Lotie laughed to bersdf to oee bow dis appointed tar tttot looked aa they returned to the aitting - room with ho subject for a lecture. She would have been still taore atnnacd if abe had known tta resolve in that lady's mind. It was this : ** I stall offer that girl higher wagea to come and live with me." " I am sorry Dr. Stone is not in town," said Lutie, expecting to see her guests look crest fallen. But Mary answered briskly— " Oh* yes* ta is 1 He came in on the same train that we did." " Well* really !"eaid Lutie, inwardly raging. *' TheraJ As ubiuI 1 have made a muddle, wbt-n 1 was so anxious that Doctor Stone should fell in lore with Margaret. Now J have left the Sold clear for that abominable Mary, and Margaret in the kitchen 1 What shall I do ^ " " Bbe went nut to tar friend and tried to per-1 auade her to abandon her plan. She was not successful. | 1 " I do not Me any daiif r jn it. He need; not see me. Let Miss Mary have full chance, j and you can report what headway the snakes." i Doctor Stone came and called, came again j I and spent the evening with his friends. A week, pissed* and the genets said nothing about! leaving. —^--1 " We are Io for a month's siege,1* groaned j Lutie* in secret Boon after this the doctor called one after noon and found Lutie alone. She began to ; question him about his winter in the city. 111 had a friend spending the season there— Margaret Moore. Did you meet ber ?" she ■ asked, looking at him with iuneeent eyes. j I The young man change! colour? i u Yes, 1 met her very often." You liked her—you Could not help it," said eta* eagerly. " I remember now that you once told me yon wished 1 would fall in love with this friend, of yours," said he* with a sad smilw " And so yon did*"thought Mrs. Thorne, ex ultantly. "fibeia very charming," he continued, " very lovely ; but she would not be the right Jrind of wife for mie. I am a poor-man, a physician* and when I marry it must be with a girl who has had a practical tducatton. Miss Moore has been tenderly reared by wealthy relatives. If yon could see bier, as 1 did,sparkling with diamonds and arrayed in costumes whose cost would be a whole ytat'e income to me* you wrndfl not won der that I fought back the love 1 rait for tar^ Such a marriage would only bring nnhappi ness." ' T. dust here the guests returned, and Lotie ex cused herself and ran upstairs to Margaret's room* where she laughed until she cried, bub refused to explain to anyone the cause of tar merriment. • ^ Doctor Stone had a very urgent invitation to dine at the Thome's the next dsy, and the dinner area a-tnarvel of culinary art. Lutie felt a little nervous when she tapped the belli and notioed that Margaret hesitated a moment as she opened the'door and saw the trap that had been laid for'ber; - but it was oily for a mo ment. She then came forward kndpertormed her duties. ' • Doctor Stone and Aunt Sarah were having a .very interesting discussion,, and probably he would not bave noticed Margaret If abe had not called his attention to her. " This is the girl whose cooking we have been praising,*^ eta said, mora determined tbanever i to coax bet away • Doctor Stone lookednp^with apletkantamtie .at theblushing^rl, when be 'ottered an excla mation of surprise and half rose from hisctaSr. Margaret felt that it was time for her to leave, and did so aa quickly and quietly as possible!' *l What is the matter, doctor ? You look aa if you bad seen a ghost," said Maty sharply; . He murmured something and looked to his hostess forhelp, tat that naughty little woman seemed as mubb surprised as the rest. 4lT)ont you think—did you tat notice the re semblance F" ... - ' ' ' ' ! 1 *'* BetweenJrhom P" j . " Your servant and Mite Moore." 1 " Mow that you speak of it, 1.believe I do. j There is something about Peggy's spa that made me think of my friend." ; : f :., ' Mr. Ttamq looked as if he were going to speak, tat a little private ydegram from btB wife made him change his mind. The men started away .soon after dinner. Lutie managed to whisper to the -doctor that ! Aunt Sarah andMazy would be out'tbe next evening, and if he would call she fchoughtahe could explain that resemblance.'He looked more mystified than ever, but promised-be would come. ' It took considerable strategy to make Mar garet put on ber most becoming dress and go to the door when the hell rang. She - thought Lutie meant miichtef, aud when Doctor Stone stepped into the hall and took both of herhinds . in izs, baying, 4l Csu it be -possible that it was yoo I sawyeslerday, or -have you just wived ? Pray explain this mystery," she felt wire it was a plot, and was unsble tu say- a word. tiutiecame in" and ^ told the story in such a way that Doctor Stone saw. at otae taw blind and foolish he hodhecn. .The words ta could not utter"teres months before to rthis elegant Miss Moore now trembled ou bis fips. Lutie, seeing this* slipped away. AnntBanhsnd Mary retimed to beintro duoed to the future lire. Stone, and were dumb frum wrath. Tbenext train carri&dthem; home, Lutie secretly hopiag they might stay there. As they believe die was the chief offender in this plot to circumvent their plans it is likely they will. /■ Margaret makes the doctor aii excellent wife, and bas never for a moment regretted the time when ahe acted as 11 the tiew cook * 