Short Story. The Haunted Hut. Pounded on Pact. By 0H«I8. DATH,. (Written for the ' Evening Observer.') 'Will Warleigih and myself bad been out shooting all the afternoon, and when the evening shadows began to hide the scenery from our eyes, and the bir.ls had ceased cAllinp. wo gathered to gether some wood and l!t a fire. From a watorbolo near by we filled the 'billy,' and as the roaring flames sprang up we pulled a log over near the fire and eat down for a rest and to on: joy the warmth, for the night air was chilly. The water was soon boiled, and I made some tea while Will got ready some bread and potted meat and jam that we hnd brought with us. After tea I made up the lire, piling a few big sticks on— for there was plenty of dead wood lying about where we had camped— and then we stretched our selves out comfortably. We had been reclining at ease for ten minutes, per ihaps, and had not spoken. It was too monotonous, I thought, for neither of us ihad complained of weariness, so turn ing to Will I said : ' Will, old mau, tell me a yarn. Some thing about your old bush days, if you can.' ?' Well,' lie replied, slowly turning to wards mo, ' I feel almost too lazy to talk, and I could bask in front of this fire all night, without moving. Kke a ' cat. But I will try and spin you a yarn of my droving days If it will interest you.' 'Fire ahead,' I answered. 'That's just the sort of a yarn to Interest me.' He cleared his fliroat, pushed a piece of wood further into the fire with .his foot, and then began : i ' It's about ten years ago now, and I remember It as well as if it was only yesterday. I was droving a small mob of tattle', and my mate not being quite ready when I started I decided to go without him, leaving him to catch up to me on the morrow. It was a cloudy sky all day, and when towards night time it commenced to rain I was not at all surprised. I put on -my oilskin wJicn it first started to come down, but it was miserable riding in the rain. How ever, ive drovers are accustomed to take tilings pretty philosophically, and with my pipe turned upside down I rode be hiitrt. the cattle, patiently waiting till I reached the camping ground for the night— some Uiree miles further on. M y way ?there, however, just cut through the cui*»er of a run, and ahead of * me. I saw 'through the misty rain a hut looming into view, with a good yard at tached.:-: Here was a, fine place, 1 thought, to stop till the., morning. The place seemed gloomy enough as I rode ?up. and I shuddered a little as I thought of the story associated with it.' ' What was it ?' I asked, interrupting him. ' Oh. some bushman had murdered his mate there, and it was said that the ghost of the murdered man walked the ' house. I Onul often heard the place called the ' Haunted Hut,' and no one would dare to stop there, I was cold and hungry, however, and not given to belief of superstitions, so I yarded ray cattle and made myself smug inside the hut. It was twilight, and I knew the light wouldn't lust more than a quarter of an hour, so I hurried myself and got some wood, most of it damp and wet, and after a great deal of trouble got a fire burning as it grew dark. I soon made some tea, and had a feed, and ' then I lit my pipe and lay on the floor in front of the dying lire, my head and shoulders resting against my saddle. I felt too lazy to go out for more wood just then, and resolved to leave it till the morning. But on second thoughts I called myself a lazy blockhead, be cause If I left it till the morning I would most likely get no fixe at all. for the wood would, be too wet. So I heaved a sigh, got up and went outside, and pre sently came back with a big armful of wet wood. This I threw down beside the fireplace— such as it was—and then, putting some, more on the 'fire, which was nearly burnt out, I once more re clined lazily on the floor. 'I suppose I must have dozed off over my pipe, for the next thing I knew was that I had awakened from my sleep, and that the fire was gone out nave for a few red embers that glowed fitfully among the ashes. I could hear the rain outside still pouring down, and Chat In dolent feeling that we all som«;tlme« ex perience came over me as I lay with my head resting against the saddle. 1 closed my eyes again. ' When I next, opened them, a minute or two after, I became conscious of two fiery eyes glaring at me from the side of the fireplace. It was very dark inside, and I confess that I felt scared. They seemed so uucanuy ; and a mourn ful cry, caused by the wind blowing fiercely through the roof whpre a shingle or two .had come off, made me f«ul cold . and clammy all over. 'Presently, as I watched the two eyes, and thought all the while of the murdered nijin. they disappeared, but ojily to reappear ».-'-ln a moment or two afterwards. I felt fascinated, and could not take my eyes off those shining orbs. Then they moved again, and I saw ? something white close to the eyes. I felt I must move, or cry out, or do something. Slowly mid with quaking limbs I arose, hesitated f.ip n miiiulc, and then advanced towards the eyes. 'When I was a little closer, and after I had titou.l up, I notice* tli.it the eyes seemed quite Hear the floor. Mechani cally my mind liugan to conjecture how the ghost's eyes could be there unless he wiirt laying on tbft floor in an un naturnl position, when a o'.w»i;8 ' Ml a-o-w-ow* greeted me. ' My rriglit disappeared like magic, nnd I bui'rit into a laugh. ' Puss, puss, ? puss,' I cried. ' (.'ome on. pussy,' and I bent do-.vu nnd held out my hand. A big whlie cat ciune towards me. mew ing as II walked, and the next moment I was stroking its soft fur. ' Well,' J thought to myself as I re plenislicul the lire with a hit of paper and sonic wnort about live minutes af terwards. ' well, the gho.it is laid now. I \v:ih a I'.iol to hi' had like that.' But, you know,' he added, looking me .In Hie eyes, ' l.he bravest of men feel afraid .sometimes when l'hcy arc alone, though tliny inny be bnive enough when they have company, even though their com* liany be cowardly. ?? Next mi'i ?niuit. after I hnd hurt ?lirenk- fnst. 11 mutt v»rti» tin -'» ! wst« ,ln»st going, to m't my cattle ml Ule way again, and said : ' Hallo ! lire you dfoylng for Mr. Kennedy V ' Yes,' I answered. ' Where did you enmp last night V he asked. 'Iu liere,'' % answered, pointing to the but, ' What 7 he wild Incredulously, ' not In there, did you ? Don't you know that the place is haunted ? Surely you know the story attached to the place. Why, I can't get a man to sleep in there for love or money. You know I am Mr. K ? , and tills Is part of my station.' ' Oh.' I answored lightly, ' I think I huve laid that gho«t. 1 knew all about the place, but 1 didn't care, for I don't believe in the silly idea of ghosts. Come in here, Mr. K ? , and I'll show you the ghost.' He stared at me for a minute, but when I hitched my horee up and went to the door he dismounted and followed. I took him inside, and showed him. the old white cat, who was busily engaged feeding on a bit of salt junk I hnd left fttr it. Ho had a good laugh when he saw the 'ghost,' you maybe sure. Before I rode away lie gave me a sovereign for laying the ghost, and paid me the compliment of saying that he reckoned I was a plucky mau. If lie had seen me when I first saw the eyes, though, he might have thought differently.' . He concluded hla remarks by adding, ' I'm going to have a smoke now,' and as he began to cut his tobacco I thanked him for the story, put some more wood on the fire, and then sitting down relit my pipe, which had gone out in the Interesting portion of the story where the ' shining eyes' were predominant. 