THE foiso bythioe Commo1llo, (By T/HOMAS O0BB.) ' I)idn't I tell you ?' I answered.' I Irve settled down to al practice here.' 'If you did. I forget it,' ihe said, as if he hadl a number of im[portant af fairs on his mind. ' Ghltd you nave settled down, at any rate. Some people thought you never would, you know. I am looking after Smith's prantice while he is inll Switzerland. An t·iful lot to dto ! tremendous practice.! ~All the tip-top lpeople in the place.' 'Come in and see nie to-night,' I sulggested; ' my house is just round the corner in the London-road.' ' My dtear fellow, I never have a mo ment. I only arrived the inight before last, and I lhave been a slave ever since -a perfect slave. You must come to Ime; you k(now Smith's place,., of course. Comne and have some dinner to-lnorrowv, seven o'clock. I assented, and, first beckoning the coachmunm to pull up by the exact spot onl which hlie stood, le entered tie car riage. The symlpathetic reader will amnder stand why I smolked out of doors that evening; and if he has ever been.to Tunbridge Wells, he will know liat "out of doors " signifies the common, which forms the lungs of the town; Indeed, qditting my door, it was ne cessary only to .cross the narrow road to find one's feet on thle grass. Stroll ing towards Mount Ephraim, and past tile Wellington Hotel, I took the second lane on the right, and stopped a few hundred yards down to stare at .the high, dismal house, with its top floor in total darkness, and to indulge in imany ' long, long thoughts' of one of its innmatcs. It was late when I left. home, and when I again reached the conlmon eleven o'clockl had struck. D)isinclined for sleep, instead of going home, I turned to the right along the road leading to Rusthall Common. The night was oppressively hot, and Itook a seatt at the corner, facing a small pond. The inoon was rising, ltut the tall elms behind kept nme in the shadow. Not a souind was to be heard. I had been there perhaps a quarter of an hour, when I distinguished the sound of a horse's hoofs on the hard road from Langton, and presently saw what looked like a white, open, funeral car aIpproachinlg. As the churchyard was so close at lhand, the suggestiomi was uncanny. The vehicle stopped almost opposite my seat, and noly I perceived that it was a quaint conveyance, nar row enough :to pass through an ordi tntry doorway, with room for only one Sic person on each seat, whilst its lower portion was painted white, and to re present wicker-work. The driier clumsily alighited to open its door, when to my surprise a woman'stepped out, and in spite of her long thick veil, so out of place on this sultry / niigdht, I at once recognised Mrs. ?fan ninlfgtree. Itefore I had time to slpeculate con; cerning the motive which legd her to ailight half a mile from her door, she~ leaned within the vehicle, and helped someone.else out oftit. She also was closely veiled:.a tall,:slender girl, who could be none other than Dora.. The driver being paid, very lilberally, to -judgt e by- his thanks, remouhted the box, and turning his horse drove back the way hlie had come. - . . The girl took Mrs. Manning.ree's proffered marm, and the pair walked :lawaly togethelr. It . astonished .' me thalt Dorn should lean for support on her stepmother, but I remainedj.quiet ly where I was until they hadobtain ed a fair start, and then set out slowly. in pursuit. Now I should have re sented, indignantly, tile asser'tibn:tlat I could fail to be certaini.of:Dora's identity at any time or place I should not have .doubted her iaentity now, if 1 lund not seen a lightin her window, anid coniistrued this ns a:token"of her presence at The ~Priars:. ' ... The girl's height' was tihe same as Dora's; her hair;, as well as I could distinguish by the light of the moon, was as fair; thie only differemice .was a certain heaviness of -gait, unlike her light, bouyint movement;. - But, on tile other hand, - the girl, whoever she might: be, -was in bhad health, .and this probably affected her demeanour. Occassionally she cough "ed, when, bending over her, Mrs. Mlan niagtree ,would .whisper in her eanr and, if the cough did not cease, it sounded unilled. What could Dora: be doing on IRusthall Common with Mrs. Manningtree at midnight ? In deed, what uould Mrs. Mlanningtree be doing with or without Dora ? Why, if she had driven from Langton or one of the .adjacent villages, did she not alight at her own house ? T'rying to silence my doubts, to as sure myself that her companion could be none other than Dora, I followed cauttiously until they turned down the lanie antd iresently entered the gates of Tihe Friars. Mr. Lascellcs opened the door before they reached it, as if he hadl been watching for their comn fig ; they entered - the dimly-lighted _hall. and the door was closed behind \--hem. I heardt the bolt shot into its socket. Betweot the latlhs of the Venetian blind in I)ora's bedroom fell a faiut light, and on tile other side of tile hlouse, directly over the rooml in which my patient breathed hiis last, on the unused top storey, 1 also perceived a light : a thin streak at the top of the window, to be accounted for only by the fact that the shutters were closed, but failed exactly to reach the lintel. As I turned reluctantly fronm the hIouse, and at last came again to the open common, whichl looked cold in the flood of mloonlight, though the nighlt was still hot and oppressive, I began to thinlk that I was is supersti tions as Dorn herself. I could not shake off a sense of vague uneasiness. T'lcre was mystery abroad to-night. It seemed ridiculoui to believe that Mrs. Manningtrce's compalnion was~ not Dora. Yet if she was Dora, what was tile explanation of her presence, of the weakness under which she evi dently laboured. These questions I was entirely imable to answer, al though I sat up trying to do so Well into the small hours. Seven o'clock on Friday evening found niy legs beneath Dr. Smith's lnahogany, while Donaldson didi the Ionoors to his solitary guest..Dinner over, I had lighted my pipe, and )Donll aldson'wans rolliing a cigarette, while he discoursed eloquently of his la bours, when hie was called to the con sulting-room. Left alone, I walked to thile window, where I stood looking out on to the darkening street. until tile room door opened iand ])onIaldson re-entered with ils hats on. ' Awfully sorry, my dear fellow,' he said, taking his gloves from tile side board. 'A\ deuce of a bore to think a maln can't hve l len millllntes to hii self. 1 am just going across the cornm mou. I sha'n't be long; you will find henpls of boolks on the shelif.' Ilefore 1 could reply, hle was talkingl to someone in the hall, and als I heard the voice that answered him I was transfixed by surprise. A low-toned, grating voice, contrasting with Don aldson's somnewlmt strident tones. As the street door was slammed, I drew close to the window, takling care to be hidden by the curtnins.- My anticipa tidns were confirmed ; the closely but toned-up figure beside Donaldson was M11r. Lascelles. CIkAPTEIR 'III. fMRS. HUTCHINGS' GHOST. It was certsti that someine at. The Friars needed '~thesTservices of a .medi cal man, and after my experiencep of the previous': night, . I, could hardly doubt that it was Dpra.. -Thatshe-had brolcn dowihn as a consequence of-her over-wrought..mental condition was not surprising, altlfough 'hien she left me on Tuesdayi Ihad been struck ny her appearance of health and strength. Indeed, until last night, 'when I liad seen lher leaning on Mrs. Malnnin~gtree? for support,' arid ihad heaird her cough, I had .marvelled not a little that she' betrayed, such slight physical signs of her mental excite ment. W~hilst too anxious for her sake;,too imnpatient to hear the result of Don aldson's visit, to thinlk:much for" miny self, I.felt, sRomewhat, sore that Las celles lhad not.sunimoned me instead of Dr. Smith. For doubtless hadLas celles been aware of Dr. Smith'sjab senic lie ewould not have conic to'.::the houise... It is my experience that a locum tenens is generally avoided:. It was not 'as if Mrs. 'Manningtree had been dissatisfied with my treat menit' of her 'husbanid ; liad this lbeen the ease, I shoiuld scarcely :lihave bleen bidden :to the 'fhn'iral, aiid certainly not. to luncheon afterwards. . But presently another idea o?etirred to'me P'erlhaps, after what: passed between us' on Tuesday, Dora preferred. nof to avail herself of my- services; p At last I heard footsteps outside;. and to my- great saltisfiction they stopped at" Dr. :Saiith's' door. 'This was opened by a latchkey. , Donhld son" left his compdnio?' ili ?"the . 'hall while hlie went to the dispensary, And presently returning, 'sishre'd':Mr... Las celles oht,' anrid 'entering the dining rooin with a'sigh~of relief, tlirew him self- into an armn-chair. 'Tired as. a. horse,' he. exclaimd ; 'dead beat. Awfully sorry: to lehve you so long,, my dear fellow. If I had guessed itw as so)far I.would hliave had the carriae out.' 'You have been -to Mrs. Manning tree's,' I answered, 'to The Friars.' :'Who on .earth told you that ?': he asked, looking up from the cigarette he was rolling.' 'I was lookifig out of.thilewindow When youtstarted;- I saw yoi~u leave the house with Lascelles,'.I.replied, trying to ippepr at eqse....: . . 'You ]cnow the man?' ' Very 'slightly. -..little while ago I had a patient at the house-Colonel Manningtree." He died a month or so ago:' 'Oh, Mrs. Mlanningtree's husband. A devilish fine woman,?13rs;~iihning tree, Everest. Well, my dear fellow,' he 'added,: as he !ighted his, 'cigardtte, "uppn my word I am awfully sorry if I halve cut you out.' assured 'him. ' What I want to know is tihe name of your patient, and, if it is the one I. fdar, all about:the affair. The fact'is,' I said;,feeling, amidst all my'ai.xiety,' that' Ifliushed, the fact is, I take a-a, great:interest in---' 'In,my patient; ieikhinp`s. If you do, I am sorry.for you, old man.':' ' Whb is your patient ?' I demanded. '"For heaven's salke don't beat about the bush.' ' Miss Mlanningtree, I am sorry to say She is in abad wa., too. ' In a bad waay,''I cried. ' Ilnpos sible ! W hen I saw her 'on Tuesday abe was.as well as I.am.' .' . 'No,' he said, gravely. 'MIis Mlan ningtree has not been so ?'ell as you are for a long tiine.' She:hia notbeen :ailything like well for many months past. HIullo, Everest ! what's up? You look as whiteas she does.' . ' Do you mean' to say that her mind has given way_ then ?'. I demanded, leaning forward as'I clutcheil the arms of my chair. ' Herriind '"he said;-ldokiig be wildered. 'I heard nothing about her mental state.: Miss 'Manningtree is :suffering from phthisis, evidently a long-standing, neglected ease. Tlere's a good deal of tubercle-in fact, I give her a week to live.' As I listenedI felt itterly.lost: Pre sumably, Donildson was saine, yet if hlie was sane, assuredly I must be mad. There was no reason to doubt him; I could not believe him. If hlie had told me of a breakdown of her ner vous system, that she suffered fromn inflammation of the brdin, I should have credited his words without lhesi tation, but that Dora was the victim of phthisis in an advanced stage appear ed absolutely incredible. 'Donaldson,' I cried, ' you are mak ing some lamentable mistake.' ' My dear fellow, have you stetho scoped Miss Manningtree ? because I did so an hour ago. I tell you that one lung is gone, that the other is going. 1ier life is not worth a week's purchase. I am sorry if it hits you ha(rd, Everes.tl..' 'It would hit me hard if it were true,' I replilcd, careless of his feelings in my intense excitemnit., ' But it is not true, it cannot be true. I am not s?aying that your diagnosis is wrong-' it. I thought you were; it sounded like 'Tell me what your patient is like,' I said ; 'describe her as exactly as you can.' ' Well, she must be tall-above the average height, I should say-about twenty, or barely twenty years of age, and quite unusually fair.' M',iss' Manningtree is tlhe most beau tiful gifl1 ever beheld,' I exclaimed. "' Ye-es,' he replied, critically, 'a little while ago she may have been good looking. Now, of course, she is a mere wreck, amere wreek, wasted, hollow cheeked, and at times there's a good deal of hectic.'. 'Then,',I' cried, as I rose from the chair, it is :not Dora.?':: 2That was certainly the name by which 'rs. l?fnningtree spoke of my patientto.Mr. Lascelles, Everest.' ' Bofore her-to your patient's face ?' I a.4ked.:? ' I don't remember: Lascelles came to the bedroom while I was thlere--' ' Whichi room was it ?' .' On tjxe first floor, to the right of the house as yo'u face it,' he answered. Aind this' was certaiinly Dora's bed room. : . ,--IIow-by wh..liat -name did she a.nd dress 'Mrs. Blanningtree.?' I persisted, still unable to believe. 'My dear. fellow;' .he said; ' ?you can not have listened to' What I ihave been saying.,'?Miss Manningtree is quite be yond spealding.' *'IIstrode-tp"aind:i doi?ni the room in perplexity." 'Donialdson,' I said, stop ping in front ofhis chair, ' you will think I am mad, but I .tell you that as trily as I stand here, your patient is not Db~o Manningtree. Who she is I don'tpretend. to know, nor why she should be so "described-unless Dora has b twinl sistcei. But 'she is not Dora.' . ',Of course, old fellow, I know only what lier mother'told me.' "l"Hei stepmother,' I hinted. (To be continued.) 