The Irony of Fata. Hoys llyi»K kite? haul m their w i.t£winge4 uU ; You can't do that way when you re H.y.iK woulb, '? Careful with lire' is no -i advice »e know ; But O'oi Hiuisclf can't k'H them when they're sai.l ! ^t^plUryone would read, mark, learn. and inwardly digest ^3? the potit's words quoted above, the world would bo n vJ^dilibrent place, and a great many things that happen now would not happen. Insuoha ease Mark Bomsft.nl, for instance, would not have wrktottho following letter: or, having u-rithm it, would have wined ,.ut his folly by thrown- it into the lire :- ??Since you have decided that things must l« d.iierent . the,-, is only one course open to me, ami tli.it is to go away If w ? -ire only to n.eet as friends we had better not meet at all I lave arranged to spend a month or two at Becehwood, and in A— I shall g.. abroad, and stay abroad till the spin moves me to come home again. Heaven knows when that .w ill l,o But 1 shall never forget you, Evelyn. When put. pic love as you and I have done, they don't forget. If yon should over change your mind, send for me, and 1 will come to you. Iwi) be true to you as long as I live. 1 swear it by all thac 1 hold sacred, and by the memory of the past.' But he did write it, dashing it off on the reckless impulse ot the moment ; and then, instead of throwing it into the tire as io ought to have done, despatched it by special messenger to the 1 .rutty, frivolous wife of :i well-known sporting baronet Being thoroughly persuaded that he was a cruelly ill-used and bitterly disappointed man, at war with himself and all tie world, Mark Be.-esford then rushed away from London in the height of the season, and buried himself in the wilds at liuuoli woml a remote fishing village on the West Coast. 1 he rector, an old Christchnrch chum of his, gave him a warm welcome, and there he proceeded to tight his trouble acjordmg to Ins lHits In other words, he did not light it ab all, lr.it l.st it prey upon his mind and eat into his hearf, making him reckless anil cynical, and most unhappy. He thought that everything was nve. for him, and that life, with its hopes a:id fears .-in. I joys and sorrows, c;mld touch him no more. He thought that Ins heart was dead -at thirty. But he ought to have known better, for he was a man of the world. Three months later he had forgotten all about that letter. ?V iri-uat deal can happen in three months, and a great deal had happened ; so much that the current of his life was turned into totally different channels. He found many things to think of as he sauntered up and down the old-fashioned garden at Beeehwood Rectory, puffing away at a cigar, with his ham s thrust deep into his pockets and a thoughtful frown on his hand some, reckless face. There was Cicely, for instance— Cicely. -U that paint his s.»bjr maditatiuns broke oil abruptly, and his thoughts h-jgan to run riot. He conld not think calmly of the 'irl who was now the one woman in the world for him ; the .,;,.! m-1,,,,,. lv-.MiitiFnl face had touched s:.me hitherto unawakened chord of passion and tenderness within his breast, and taught him the vivid reality of such love as he had never dreamed ot. Cicely was not -an ordinary woman, and the love that was horn when he and she first looked into one another s eyes was .not an ordinary love: They gave no thought to the past or the future ; they cared for nothing but each other. All that they asked o Fate was that they might be together always, and they dreamed that Fate would 'grant their prayer. It was only a dream, ot course, but humanity will have its dreams sometimes. They dreamed their dream for a time-then came the night that the dream had been a prelude to. They had lingered so long on the dills that the sunny ? ,,.v',1mv u-:i.s dead, and the cveninu; had grown dark and el-.ndy The sea stretched vast and fathomless beneath them, a seethin- mass of sullen grey waters with lines of white cutting the dull expanse sharply. The wind wailed piteously, and the waves moaned as they beat upim the r..ck-b..und shore. Llic air l.ulsated with the throb of a coming storm. 'What a night,' said Cicely, shivering a little. M)h. what a terrible night.' Mark moved a step nearer. 'It isn't much to boast of, is it '.' he returned, with a smile ' But never mind the night, Cicely. It doesn t matter to us what it's like. We're together and that's all we care about W1 He 'looked down at her, and his eyes softened. She made lit ii .. . _„ i-.» 1 1 ..1, kill 111!1 such a perfect picture as slie stood mure-, a i.m, .-,!-,—., indolently- graceful figure standing ..ut in bold reliet against the evening sky. One hand rested on the rugged grey rock that towered at her side, the other was raised to shade her eyes from the fitful light, her face was turned syaward. huch a tace —with its ivory skin, and chiselled features, and weird grey eves He had seen nothing like it in the world that he had lett. ' 'I feel so strange,' Cicely said, slowly, 'so strange, and so afraid— terribly afraid of something I don't know what. Ot course it is foolish to feel so while we are together, because we have so often said that while we are together nothing can touch us. And yot-and yet ? ' She broke ott with a sigh that sounded like a sob. -4.1 'Nothiiv can touch us,' Mark echoed passionately; ?? nothing. You are mine and I am yours, and we belong to one another for ever.' . . « . ? -i.c..i ? .....(..ii'n 1....1.- U!iuiiiwf liirn lev eves as r.UL.\ -Y wiStllU, uiiuerutui iuimv ikwih.' »..v.. ..«- ~j -? « 'I'hope so,' she said, slowly, 'I hope so. If I thought it were not so, if I thought- if I thought-oh '. Mark, if I lost you I should lose everything.' He smiled again, though his eyes grew grave and clouded with a puzzled kind of wonder. She was so different from the other women he had known, and her love was so ditterent too 'You'll never lose me,' he said, 'silly cnuu . -» mit nonsense you talk, and I do believe you're crying ! What can bo the matter with you to-night -. ' He took out his handker chief and .rimtly wiped away the tears that dimmed her eyes, drawing her closer to him as he did so. 'There,' he went on, 'that's better, isn't U; - I shall take you homo now. Its \- retting dark and cold.' He drew her hand through his arm and they turned away to'ether, but as they moved forward Cicely caught sight of something lying on the ground at their feet. ' What is this?' she said, stooping to pick it up. Oh . it's a photograph. It must be yours, Mark ; you must have pulled it out of your pocket with your handkerchief. W hat a pretty woman. Who is she ?' Mark looked at the photograph mdittcjrently enough, but as he looked the indifference vanished, and a startling change i Kissed over his face. It was the photograph of a woman whose very existence he had almost forgotten. The face that smiled up at him, calm, serene, and unconscious in its pictured loveliness was the face of Evelyn Moreton. t ., - M , He stood silent and spell-bound, gazing at the face that had Hashed upon him like a ghost of the past, while a bewilder ing Hood of old-time memories rushed tuimiltuoiisly into Ins hoTii-t And one memory stood out from all the others with terrible distinctness ; slowly before his eyes arose the vision of words that his hand had traced only three months ago : ' but I shall never forget you, Evelyn. When people love as you and I have done, they don't forget. If you should ever change your mind send for me, and I will come to you. I will be true to you as long as I live. I swear it by all that I hold sacred, and by the memory of the past.' If she should claim his oath now, how would he keep it '. How had ho kept it? ' What a pretty woman,' Cicely said again. Still he did not answer, and she glanced up at him. Tho look on his face made her shrink back appalled. ' Mark :' she cried, 'Mark !' He held out Ins hand. 'Give me the photograph,' ho said hoarsely. She gave it.to him without a word, and he tore it in two and tlung'the pieces far into tho sea. ' So much ior that,' ho said with a short laugh, 'JNow, Cicely, let us go. We have stayed too long.' But Cicely did not move. She stood just in front of linn, with her hands clasped tightly together and her face set 111 rigid, inflexible lines. '? You haven't answered my question, .-he said. \\\ lio is that woman ;:' Mark frowned impatiently. ^ ? ^ ? ' What does it matter v.110 ??sue 1.1: uu .^.im. -^..^o .., woin-n I used to know, that's all. I had almost forgotten her existence, and had unite forgotten that photograph. I wonder how 011 earth it got into this pocket ! Come, dear, we re wasting time now ; let us go.'r But still Cicely did not move. ^ ' Who is that woman :' she repeated. 'Why went you Anil then at last Mark suddenly awoke, to tho gravity of the .situation An indetmahlo something in her bine struck him unpleasantly, and the look on her face filled him with doubt and anxiety. ? ? ' Why, Cicely,' he exclaimed, 'what is it? Surely you aren't troubling about that wretched thing. It was only the photograph of Lady Moreton, a woman 1 used to know. Come, dear, come.' He would have moved on, but she stopped him with a swift gesture. ' You can't deceive me, Mark.' she said in a low tone. ' I saw your face. That was something more than the photo graph of a woman you used to know — it was the photograph of the woman you used to love.' Mark made no answer. He could not speak. Remorse and shame held him silent. ' The photograph,' Cicely repeated slowly, 'of a woman you used to loyo — or whom you lovo now.' He found his voice then. '1 love you,' he said, ' only you. I have never loved any woman but yon.' She looked straight at him with a contempt that made him wince. 'That isn't true,' she said, quietly. 'I saw your face. You loved that woman once, or you love her now.' 'No, no,' he cried, passionately. ' She is nothing to me, ie-S tliail UOtlim^. -LL UVUL !-11U Vi.iri inljmilM^;, Lliiiu in nil w*^i and done with. If once I fancied that I loved her, I hate her now. Let the dead past bury its dead. I love you, and you love me. and we are together. What does the rest matter :' He stretched cut his hands to clasp hers, but she drew back, and the look in her eyes made his heart sink like lead. ' Don't be childish,' he urged, feverishly. ' I thought you were too sensible to trouble about such nonsense. 1 thought — Cicely, why do you look at me like that '( Don't you know that these old dead-and-gone fancies count for nothing in a man's life -. Don't you know that most w.uu go through scores of ordinary affairs before they meet the one woman whom they love and ? ' She silenced him with an imperious gesture. ' 1 have nothing to do,' she said, coldly, 'with what you call ordinary affairs ; they don't concern me in tho least. But this was something more than that. You can't deceive me.' He looked at her helnlesslv, and a deadly fear grew and tightened about his heart like the grip of an icy hand. ' If there is anything,' he began, ' that I cm say or do ? ' She interrupted him. 'There is one thing,' she said, ' and one only. Swear to me that thar woman has no claim upon you now. and that there is no reason why she should come between us. lam willing to ignore the past, whatever it may be. I only want to know that you are free — honorably free — in the spirit as well as in the letter, to love me now.' There was a pause. Her eyes were fixed on his face with painful intensity, hut ho dared not meet their gaze. Once he made a step forward and opened his lips to speak, but fell back without uttering a word. He could not take that oath, even to win Cicely. His oath to Lady Moreton lay between them. 'I only want to know,' Cicely went on, 'that the affair is really over and done with. I only want to know that you are not bound in honour now. I only want to know — to know — Oil I Murk, I have loved and trusted you with all my heart. The least you can do is to tell me the truth.' Mark bit his lips, and his face grew white and stern, for. her words cut like a knife. He was not honorably free, and he knew it. Hmv could he be when he had written those rash, reckless words, and sealed them with an oath '. His Avas a complex nature, and his code of honour somewhat ...n.w.tto IP 'i r.i'iiK.nf-. lini] lmfc 1 w»hv:i V(»il tln» ti'Mnli tn (!i('t'lv. Im would never have told her. He would have hidden his secret from her and guarded it with jealous care. He would' have married her and reckoned with Evelyn Moreton as best he could. All that he would have done, and thought it no hanii. But when lie came to denying his oath in plain words, that was a different matter, and lie could not do it. He could act a lie, but he could not tell one. ', ' Can you,' Cicely asked, ' tell me that you are honorably free '.' He faced her then with the courage of despair. ' I can't,' he said, hoarsely. ''God help me, I can't.' Cicely said nothing. She had no words in which to express her feelings. She stood quite still and looked at him, while all the light and life died out of her face, leaving it cold and pale and rigid as marble. ' Listen to me,' Mark went on, 'and I'll tell you the whole story. It isn't so bad after all. Cicely, upon my soul it isn't. Why, heaps of men do far worse, and ? ' She interrupted him. ' I am not thinking of other men,' she said. 'What are they to me ! lam thinking of you.' He went on with teverisu eagerness. 'There's nothing that need. make any difference to us,' ho urged. ' It's only a question of a few rash words and a reckless promise. My God 1 what a fool I was in those days I If only I could undo the past, and ? . But it's no good talking about that.' Cicely sighed wearily. 'No good at all,' she answered, 'and, as I said before, the past doesn't concern me— only tho present.' ' Oh, well,' said Mark, 'the present will be all right, and the future, too, if you behave sensibly. Other women wouldn't make a fuss about such a thing.' 'I am not,' Cicely said, slowly, 'thinking of other women. I am thinking of myself.' He gave a keen, uneasy glance. Even now ho did not, could not, understand her. 'I'll tell you the whole story,' ho said again. 'I was going to tell you just now, but you interrupted me. Heaven knows I never meant yon to hear it, but now ? ' She put up hor hand. ' Stop,' she cried. ' I won't hear it. Don't you under stand -- can't you understand — that nothing could make any difference now ? Yon are not honorably free, and the rest doesn't matter. I have my own code, of honor, though I am only a woman, and women are not supposed to understand honor as men understand it. I have my own standard, too, and you are far below it. Tho past is past, and I care nothing ahou't it, but the present is not past, and the future is yet to come. There may be women in the world who could marry you knowing that you wore not honorably free. I dare say there are, but I am not one of them.' He went nearer and held out his arms to her. ' Cicely,' he cried. ' Oh ! Cicely.' But she drew back shuddering. 'Everything is over between us.' she said heavily. 'There is nothing left to say but good-bye.' ****** Ten minutes later, as Mark walked slowly up to the Rectory, stumbling a little, like a man in a dream, the Rector mot him at the door, with a telegram in his hand. 'This came for you an hour ago,' lie said, 'but I didn't know where you were, so I couldn't send to you.' For a moment Mark gazed at his friend with a dazed, un comprehending expression, as if his thoughts were worlds away ; then he pulled himself together with an effort, and took the envolop.- held out to him. Ho opened it mechanically, and read the five words that it contained : — ' Sir John died last night.' He stared blankly at the words, reading them over and over again, and they seemed to rise up and mock him. Then all at once he burst into laughter so wild and terrible that the Rector put his hands to his ears and shuddered. ' What is it ? ' he cried. 'What has happened, Beresford Are you mad?' But lie received no answer, and that awful laughter still rang through the startled air. 'Mark was laughing at the irony of Fate. That which throe months ago he had desired above all earthly things — to gain which ho would have sinned unscrupu lously and risked all that he had, or ever hoped to have, in this world or the next — was now within his grasp. That for which he had longed so passionately had come to him. Tho prize was ? his ; he had only to roach out his hand and take it. But like most things in this life it came a little too late. 