General. On the last Thursday in October Mr. M. Davitt, M.P. , addressed a large and onthusi astio meeting in the Town Hall, Ballinrobe. The hall was packed, and numbers wore unable to gain admission. Mr. Davitt went on an organising tour in ooutn mayo. He visited Ballindine, Irishtown, Kilvine, Loghoy, Ballyhaunis and Claremorris. In such of these places where a branch of the United Irish League had not already been established, steps will be taken to organise branches. ? ? ? The London Catholic judges and mom bers of the Bar, as is usual at the opening of Term, attended the MasB of the Holy Ghost, or Red Mass, at the Churoh of SS. Anselm and Cecilia, Lincoln's Inn Fields. Lord Chief Justice (Lord Russell of Killowen), Mr. Justice Mathew, Mr. Justice Day were present, and many other representatives of the legal profession, who occupied the body of the churoh, a large numbor of tho general congregation filling the galleries. Two Tories will fight for North Fer managh. Dr. Thompson is a democrat, though a Unionist, and ho has appealed for Nationalist support in terms whioh soom to indicate that he will receive it in good measure. He has como before the people and courageously proclaimod opinions whioh must be eminently distasteful to the land lords. Mr. Arohdall is tho nominee of the local Tory caucus. He was selected several weeks ago, but he evidently prefers to woo ' blest Retirement ' until the last moment. , TftTvnilxr fnr T-n. 'PVirvm-npinn TTW'mnnn.ttVi in considerably removed from tho bailiwick of Belfast. Otherwise another intolerable in sult to Catholic feeling might induce the Nationalists to repeat tho bitter lesson taught to intolerants of all classes at North Down. ? ? ? A branoh of the Gaelio League was formed reoently at Letterkonny. Its sponsor was the patriotic Bishop of Raphoe, who pre sided at tho inaugural meeting and helped the progress of tho movement by words of kindly counsel and friondly onoouragoment. His lordship does not doBpair of a Gaelio renaissance, and in viow of tho impetus which tho foundors of tho Gaelic Loaguo have given to tho study of tho old tongue ho has good grounds for the opinion ho pro fessed. The fight for the more preservation of Ireland's anoiont languago haB long boon an upniu ono, out tno mon wno navo en deavoured against all obstacles to roscuo it from oblivion have no causo to ropont of their efforts. Tho organisation which thoir onthusiasm created has increased by loaps and bounds, and in almost ovory part of Ireland practical Btops have boon taken not only to preserve but to extend tho know ledge of tho nellifluous mother tongue of tho Gaol. It has done oxcellent and praotical work, and its members may rest assured that tho latest formed branoh will not bo tho least successful of tho many that have given to the movomont a holping hand. « ? ? Tho Very Rov. Cannon O'Donnoll, P.P., V.F. (Ballindarry), has boon appointed parish priest of Wioklow ; tho Rov. M. O'Hoa, P.P., Wioklow, has boon appointed parish priost of Rush ; tho Rov. W. JJunphy, P.P., Naul, has boon appointed parish priost of Ballindarry ; and tho Rov. Francis O'Neill, O.C., Rolosfcown, has boon ap pointed parish priest of Naul. ? ? * Tho MoBt Rov. Dr. Slioohan, Bishop of Waterfowl, dolivcrod tho inaugural address to tho Cork Young Men's Society. Thoro was a largo roprosntative attendance, His Lordship Btrongly advocated tho study of tho Irish languago and history, and hopod Irish music would tako ita proper plaoo at national concorts, &a;, to the oxoluaion of tho drivelling, so-called ' comic songa' from ;he British music halls. The Rev. T. M. O'Callaghan, CO., Doneraile, has been presented with aJ-eauti- fully illuminated address by the people, of Mallow, where he made many warm friends during the time he officiated there. Last month one of tho largest shipments of Irish whiskey which ever left Ireland was sent to 'Lipton's, London.' About . 200 floats and drays were required for its transport from the various distilleries to the Custom House Quay. The principal shippers aro the Dublin Distillery Company. The value of the consignment was £70,000. Evidently the trade is flourishing. 