BISHOP OF G1RALDT0N CONSECRATION CEREMONY. Adelaide, August 14. Toe ifcev. Father Kelly was conse crated Bishop of Geraklton at St. Fran cis Xavier's Cathedral this morning. Among die many ceremonies of the Roman Catholic Church few excel the consecration of a prelate for pomp and circumstance, as well as for die com pletenesB of detail The elevation of Father Kelly to episcopal rank was at tended with all the impressiveness and solemnity which properly belong to such important occasions. The altar was resplendent with floral decorations and candelabra. The beautifuuywork ed vestments of die assistant bishops, the -splendid robes of the attendant priests, die delicious strains of Goa nod's 'Mease Solennelle,' and die soft light which came through, the chancel windows aided in accentuating die in spiring character of the ceremony. The ceremony was witnessed by a large congregation, though die cathedral was by no means crowded. The Bishop elect had been- making his retreat at Glen Osmond, while both he and the consecrating Bishop, Dr. Corbett, of Sale, Victoria, fasted on the pre vious day. The ceremony began with the entry of die consecrating bis hop and attendants and die Bishop elect, die procession moving towards the altar to die grand strains of Gou nod's 'Marche Pontificale.' The con secrating bishop, die Bishop-elect and the assistant bishops were theo arrayed in their vestments. The con secrating prelate seated himself before die centre of die altar, and die Bishop elect and die assistant-bishops having saluted him, the senior assistantbis hop informed the consecrating bishop that 'The Holy Church demands that the priest present be raised to die epis copate.' The apostolic briefs were read before the whole congregation, the Bishop-elect reading die oath given in die rituaL The examination of die Bishop-elect was then conducted by the consecrating bishop, after which die mass of die day was begun, and con tinued as far as the Epistle. The Bis hop-elect was again conducted by the bishops before die consecrating prelate, who said, ^It is die Archbishop's office to judge, to interpret Scripture, to con secrate, to ordain, to offer sacrifice, to baptise, and to confirm.' Then all knelt while the litany of the saints was chanted. The Bishop-elect lay pros trate at the left of the consecrating prelate, aa a sign of humility. After the litany and the prayers appointed, all turned towards the altar, and die 'Veni, Creator' was intoned. The consecrating bishop an ointed die bead of tbe kneeling Bishop elect, forming the sign of die cross on die crown. He then anointed the re mainder of die crown of the head, say ing, 'Be dry head anointed and conse crated in die order of high priest by die heavenly benediction in die name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost.' Next his hands were anointed, and bound in white linen by the consecraticg prelate, who blessed the crozier, and gave it to the Bishop-elect. He then read die offertory at die altar. Follow- 1 ing this solemn office the Bishop-elect presented him widi two lighted torches, two loaves, and two barrels of wine, and continued mass with the consecrating prelate at the same altar, partaking of the same host and chalice at the com munion. Towards die conclusion of die holy sacrifice the mitre was blessed and placed on the head of the Bishop-elect, who was conducted by die assistant bishops through the church, and im parted a blessing to the people. He re tarned to die altar and gave a solemn pontifical blessing at the end of die mass. The whole ceremony, which last ed three hours, was concluded by a pro cession from die altar, die choir ringing a 'Laudate.' No sermon was preached. The Archbishop, who was enthroned in fche sanctuary, and who wore the cappa nxagna, presided. The following were those who took nsrt in addition to die consecrating pre late: — Dr. Maher, Port Augusta, and Dr. Dunne, Wilcannia, assistantbish ops; die Rev. J. H. Morton, V.G., and Father M'Killop ; chaplains ; Arch Priest Nevin. assistant priest ; the Very Rev. P. Hurley, deacon ; Father M'Evoy, sub-deacon ; Fatiier Cosgrove, master of die ceremonies; Father Comes, assist ant master of the ceremonies ; and die Very Revs. Father Vincent and Father ? Carrofl, assistants at the throne. The ; musical portion of the ceremony was , rendered by a powerful choir, under the \ direction of Mr. W. Gordon. Gounod's j 'Messe Solennefle' was sung in its en- ] tirety, in addition to Hellier's 'Kyrie,' : an offertorium 'Ecce Panis,' set to an ! old Portuguese melody by Dr. Crookall, ; full Gregorian responses, and die 'Te j Deum Laudamus.' The solos were ren- j dexed by Mrs. Keogh, Misses Morriesey j and Carigg, and Messrs Bermingham, j M'Creanor, Walmsley, and Foulke. Miss Nellie O'SuUivan presided at die organ. In the evening, at die Cathedral, Dr. Kelly officiated at pontifical vespers and benediction. There was a large congregation. The Rev. Fadier Vin cent, Superior of die Passionists, de livered a eulogium of the new Bishop, who, he said, was the second native-born Australian to be consecrated during die last year or two. The present Arch bishop had given Bishop Kelly his first episcopal lesson. Those whom Bishop Kelly had left in Western Australia would rejoice at his elevation to the episcopate, as he was respected there for his highmindedness, and was a zealous and loving friend of his flock. Fadier Vincent mentioned that the cross which was placed on Bishop Kelly's breast that morning' was made of Western Australian gold, which had Lr.cn . collected by diose among whom be ministered. Dr. Kelly will give Lis first communion to about 200 childreo, and will receive the novices of the Order of St. Joseph. He will visit Mel bourne and Sydney, and will return to Western Australia in about a month's ume. Daring the week Bishop Kelly was. the recipient of congratulatory addresses from various Roman Catholic bodies. 