THE STORYTELLER, PHYLLIS'S LET-OFF Bv DOBOTHY ELTON. "What shall I—what can I doV Phyllis Mitchell, with a half-startled, troubled look on her usually bright little face, sat under an apple tree, gazine at ti gfte C 3 man Wh° WUS °0miug in «t tlie She had been pretending to read, but ti,ft book lay on her knees unheeded. "He can't see me from there! I \Mmv. for he's as blind as a bat, p00r dear but when he gets to the house they're m' to tell him where I am, so I'd better 'main tracks'. What's that? Oh! Susv, Susv vo base* wretch; won't I pay you out 'for this? For Phyllis could see through the pines which bordered the drive that her sister who had just been gathering flowers, had met the man, and was then pointing airilv in the direction of the apple trees. Next moment Phyllis was clambering „n into the blossom-laden boughs. Perched on a branch in her white frock, with pale green ribbons fluttering round her, aud her pink cheeks pinker than ever with excite ment, she looked, in the glimpses one could catch of her, like part of the wonderful bloom. "I wish, now,"I'd written.my answer," she panted. '"I never dreamt of his com ing this afternoon. Why, oh! why does lie want to marry me? Why didn't he ask Susy instead? He's been so awfully good to me; I can't tell him in cold blood I won't marry him. Susy could; but then she's had heaps of lovers (that is, real ones), and I've had only this one, for of course Tom—I mean boys don't count. He sides, Tom hasn't said anything about wanting to marry anybody. He only looks." Donald Masters came towards the seat under the apple tree, peering through his spectacles as lie walked. He had the slightly-stooped shoulders of a scholar, and a plain, but kindly face. He bad known Phyllis siuee she was a small child, but had only recently wakened up to the fact that he loved her, and being an eminently practical man he had at once written to her father, asking permission to see or hear from her on the subject. His awakening had come through his having noticed Tom Riverdale—a young law student, and great friend of Ran dolph, the eldest Mitchell boy—assuming proprietary airs with regard to Phyllis at a river picnic the previous week. "The impertinence of the youth!"' he muttered, and then and there proceeded to analyse his reason for feeling so absurdly annoyed, with the unexpected result of discovering that it was because be himself coveted Phyllis. He knew be had an unusually good posi tion to offer her, for be had a large private income, and owned a suburban mansion, tlie extensive grounds of which adjoined those of the Mitchells on the banks of the Yarra. "Why don't you marry, Mr. Masters?" anxious mothers with marriageable daugh ters were wont to inquire. And, despite bis diffidence, be could hardly help being in a dim way aware that he was considered a "good match." Phyllis and lie had been "great chums" (as she phrased it) ever since the day when she bad been surprised trespassing, stealing bis gooseberries. A frisky young calf that bad escaped from its paddock had pursued her until, seeing, the owner of the place coming towards lier, she had sought refuge in his arms, and explained to him there, between her sobs, what had happened. "I'm not frightened of horses, or dogs, ever—or—or even snakes!—but I hate cows. And your gooseberries are so much bigger than ours, and Bob dared uie to jump the fence., anil I was taking only a few—just two' or three, you know, to show him—■ I'm shaking all over like anything; and oh! Mr. Masters, dear Mr. Masters, you won't tell anyone I ran away from a cow, will you? Bob would never, never forget it." Smiling at her childish earnestness and incoherence, Donald had of course promised secrecy on the spot, and had in a few words placed for' tlie future all the fruit, in his garden that -she could eat at ber disposal. Strangely enough this bygone incident re curred to his memory now, and lie smiled as he seated himself on the bench under the apple tree, for he had decided to wait there for Phyllis. "If she has gone inside, Susy will send her out. Somehow, I'd rather like to meet her in her favdurite spot." When Phyllis saw him seat himself, her distress and agitation knew no bounds. "How dreadful!" she kept repeating, n fear leat be might chance to look up con suming her soul, «r Just then she heard Bob whistling J Would I Were a Bird," and the ghost ot a smile played round her lips. „ . "How I wish I were one just now{j sue reflected. "I'm afraid he'll never go. Here Donajd took off his hat, and passed his hand a trifle nervously across bis fore head. A little bald Bpot.tjiat PM «* never before noticed at once caught uei quick eye. Her attention was alwaja easily diverted, and at that particular mo ment she was quite glad to find something else than lier present predicament to tuina ab"He must have always covered it up with the long hair," she decided, Ualf-cv citcdly. She went so far, even, as to lean forward to:make quite sure that it was in deed a bifld shot-a fatal movement, foi»t brought her full ^eighton the hough, there followed an - ominously crackl ng S3- As in a flash, Phyllis £mcmb^ ijeen*wiqging, tUW^dgd'ljy^ms arms, ^Wh/,'li$ lffusfc! W4yw»S,ami»'f saown — in her lovers arms, asb^h&lfiprielt; on the 4zrass,vfor he:had caught her not a second •oh-to break her fall. lyUjs! Why;?f»hjdHsP laid s face was curiously white. Fhj'J f&s; purple/so she promptly hid it on loulder. 1 liaye_ to marry him now," she^de m^rabiyv ' Then -she thought of Tom r if his young \- • •• - . ,.,,rv .-.tcrnlv flt her when \£&r; wsVWfcC 'STw •Sit down i lesicie her, keeping i iiml •-|U"',j 11 the time. He > I'li.'r m'i'i i»'ow" liair v'it-h 1-,,B d)s' rijlL , i 1,.,i- ••(ill 1)1 U'»" A***1 * - . .,„uouiei lr ■ j|' (,-ving to soothe her. o 'ea'thc truth. She had L"Ah"':l!!:V 3'° n! n i" h i ni1 b^cause she had been j"<;1 ^|liri- the unpleasant task of wished, 10 '' „ W ith characteristic gene fivine ftKiiincd to help her out with ll,. ")'L' marry me, Phyllis; "So ■i';,;'\vhv should you imml tell ifH'.'1 'V,, , ,.M tool 1 was ever to dream | ing,m*." "I',o,l.l. dear?'' he- asked, with, l^,ll v- |!j ih'^< oi lone. i | ,)).4 l e mlh) marry you, ' she i'i -!{ i 'i°n'c;"11 will—lhat ,s<1 ■ )„ care lor j Ci.(I.t secmed to leap ,o stan.l suddenly still: * tittuvlil showed liim she had *V fS'milvnut Ot the girlish softness f|,° i. •ivi aiid in the extremity of her „i her -• „i\\- dear child, in that case I'm 0{J. ' ' ;'Ti,,:,'v i .'.v.tl.imt fcSK brt t» Jill h1"' muled -ouicwhat forced. "Will it do lie',cP; hate changed my mind < "•iti,' Irivc v..u really? she cried, de lijhtc'il.v. rai'-i,,g her head and smiling at '''^"'h? ivi'died '"iimvely; hut the word i liim a groan- I'.ien simplc-heaitcd ,t-IIi "iw through him then 'Si id,at a hltle horror I am, . she ,,j her heart; "He'sTWortl»dozen; \louil 'i-'h'" '^"id'rapidly, with some of her1 I.ure; but—I earc for Tom,, :W v ni, a love Jit.yoiK1 ^u? J11111*. „ JFviT'l knew well enough now how di'l iovc Tom, and that 1 could never ,V ihihlidi inconsequence, and the tears Ji v.ci on Iut cheeks. "You've been al "L imod to mo. J just hated to have nhai'i voir-that's why 1 hid. lleally Im „ot'worth caring for,'Mr Masters I'm horrid 1 "'ish vou knew liow horrid, for flien vou wouldn't go on earing for me. As von kimw. I'm not the least bit clever; in ilcpik I'm liivolous, Susy says; and 1 get j.i'o liieadinl tempers sometimes. Why, ,,'vi'i) J'eh i-nvs the only pood thing about mo is tli.it I always tell the truth, and he mis 1 do that only because I'm too silly to help lliyself. " Hie paused, quite out of breath. Donald Master.- almost smiled. What a child she Vals still! "Dnii't you know," lie asked slowly, 'dial truthfulness is one of the rarest, uolik'st, grandest traits in any character, nam ,,r woman(Jo on telling the truth aliray-: tell it even when it hurts. It is tliat Wry quality 1 most prize in you." lie paused a moineiit, then continued, "Siime day, 1'liyllis, you may learn what love mean<. Cod grant when that day (■nines ti.e man who wins you may have a he,tit as truthful and tender as your own. I shall never forget that the only story I'vqT ever known you attempt to tell was for my■ sake—to try and save me pain. Good live. little ti ieiul. Yet us forget all about tin's, and he 'chums' again, as of old." He hem over her drooped head before be turned away (tor he had risen as he was; speaking(, and she fancied he kissed her hair, but. the toueh was so light she could never he quite Mire. After he had gone sliei tlnew herself on the ground, ana buried her hot ian' in the long, cool grass. Hhe realised as she lay there that she might never again have such utterly unselfish love as IMS ottered to her; but her heart turned only with increased longing the while to Joia—hcr boyish lover with the selfish, master)nl mays. ' For women are unaccountable beings at tue best. " 