atm DISCOVERY AT LATHROP. By J©seph Haeiiday. I had just graduated as a student, from the Long Island Medical College, in Brooklyn, and as I needed some recrea tion after my long course of study in that institution, I determined to take a trip across the Western plains, my ultimate destination being San Francisco. To a bosom friend, Geoffrey Dennin, a young lawyer, I described the prospective pleasures of such a trip, and he at length consented to become my travelling com panion. About three weeks later, after various unimportant experiences, Dennin and I found ourselves in a small mining town which I shall call Lathrop, about one hundred and thirty miles west of Denver. We .had just registered at the chief hotel of which the place boasted—a rude two story frame structure, and were at once keenly eyed by the loungers and guests, who evidently considered us very stupid l specimens of the “ tenderfoot ” variety. The most important servant of the house was a stalwart, full-bearded man of thirty-five, whose garb denoted him to be a miner, and whom everybody addressed as “ Ike.” He assisted the cook, acted as bell-boy, officiated as chambermaid, and sometimes showed his skill as bartender when Pete Burroughs, the landlord, withdrew for a little respite from his labors as a decocter of delectable beverages. It was Ike who first served us in that hotel j and the “whisky sour ” he com pounded for me seemed to run down to the pit of my stomach like a streak of lightning, leaving a trail of fire in its course. . I coughed and spluttered, while Dennid vigorously whacked me on the back, thinking i was choking. I glared with a look of hatred at Ike, as the author of my discomfiture ; but he merely smiled, and winked merrily at me, as if he and I were partners in a good practical joke. . Elis repeated winking annoyed me ; but it was not long until 1 learned that this habit was merely the manifestation of a nervous complaint which he could not control. When he read my name on the register, and saw that it had “ M.D,*' attached to it, he winked more vigorously than ever and frequently glanced at me with a very meaning look. It was just dark when we signified our intention to visit the apartment assigned to us, and Ike was deputed to escort us thither. Taking up a lighted tallow candle, which Pete had placed on the bar, Ike gaje me a wink, and started toward a side door, with Dennin and myself at his heels. Ascending a dark flight of stairs, he led us into a passage, at the end of which was our room, a medium-sized, carpetless apartment,“ containing two small cots, a couple of dilapidated chairs, a wash-stand and a little round table, upon which he placed the candle, saying to me, in a low, mysterious tone, his impudent manner changed suddenly to one of a certain respect. “ We looked for you two days ago, doctor—you and your friend here—and had begun to get pretty skeery when we found you didn’t show up. Everything’s all right so far; there’s no suspicion. You ve got what you need in them things there —pointing to our valises—“and you 11 not set to work till the house’s all quiet, for walls have ears. Pete’ll close up to-night extra early on purpose to <nve you more time to do the job. You’ll find it in there,” he concluded, indicating with a jerk of his thumb a side door in the room, and at the same time backing sud denly to the entrance with an expression of fear in his ugly face, while his own owlish eyes kept constantly winking. Utterly amazed, I tried to speak, tried to find voice to ask him what he was driving at. Indeed, Dennin’s tongue seemed tied, too, and the fellow had al ready backed out of the room, and shut the door quickly, and we heard him go bounding down the dark stairs as if a ghost was after him, before either of us could open our mouths to articulate a sound. “ Well,” said I, finally, turning to Dennin, who appeared to be coming out of a stupor, “what do you make out of this experience ?” “ I make out of it,” he replied, with an effort, “ that we are in for some strange adventure. What did he mean by it? ‘ Setting to work ‘ doing the job ’—to say nothing of what else he said." “ Evidently we shall find that out by opening that side door which he indicated. And he called me doctor. All this looks like a real mystery, Dennin. Shall we Eollow it up ?” “I’m with you,” said Dennin, starting toward the side door. I caught him by the arm. Go slow, my boy. Remember his warning about w.alls having ears and not going to. work till the house was quiet. Let s wait and ask no questions, lest we betray ourselves. The more I think of it the more I am convinced that he has in 3ome unaccountable way mistaken us for other people. Who? What sort? Of course I cannot conjecture. But certain it is, we are not supposed to be here for any good purpose. Didn’t you notice how frightened he looked when he spoke of it ?” “Yes,” said Dennin, “and that leads me to believe we are on the point of making some important discovery—I can not imagine what—but which will bring that villain, and perhaps the landlord himself, into trouble.’1 Having delivered himself of this sage i conclusion, Dennin washed himself, and after I had done likewise we went below to see about supper, exerting ourselves to 1 the utmost to appear as unconcerned as possible. Ike was not visible, and the landlord, who was waiting on some new customers^ directed us to the dining-room, slyly handing me, as he did so, somethin^ wrapped in paper, which felt like a key.° On sitting down to supper I opened the paper, and, sure enough, I found it con tained a door-key, while on the paper was scrawled several lines, which 1 made out to read as follows : “ This Key fits the Dore between the rooms - don’t kum to the Bar agin to- nite, and luk out for people in Room t’other side of Partition—you will find Bags in Closet in*Room.” 3 “ Aha !” said Dennin, when he had de ciphered the scrawl in his turn, “the mystery deepens ! What on earth are the bags for?, Really, Joe, I’m beginning to think we’ll get our fingers burnt it we at tempt to handle this thing. Let’3 get out of the infernal hole before it is too late.'1 “ What,, you are not going to back out ?” I said, my curiosity being so fully roused by the strange note, so I was de termined to fathom the mystery. “Hot if you are bound to stick to it, my old chum.” After supper we went directly to our room, taking with us a large lamp which had been lighted for our use. It was then eleven o’clock. Through the partition on the right, op posite the door opening into the other room, we heard voices, and listened. It was some miners, judging by their talk, discussing business matters. These were doubtless the people against whom the note had warned us. They did not separate till midnight, and I can assure the reader it was a long wait for U3- for Dennin and me. Soon after we heard them go out fthe house became as still as death. Then, with a strange feeling creeping over me, I bade Dennin take up the lamp, and, going on tiptoe to the side door, I unlocked it very carefully, so aa not to make the slightest noise, and slowly opened it. A damp, chilly air struck our faces, and the light flared up. The windows of the room were raised, but the shutters were closed tight. We entered. There was no carpet on the floor, and no furniture save a long deal table in the middle of the room ; to the right, in the farther corner, was a cot, with a blanket thrown over it; to the left a closet. “ Well,” I was on the point of saying, “ I see no mystery in this,” when Dennin, who was between me and the farther corner, holding the lamp, started back suddenly and clutched my arm. “ Heavens, Joe !” he said, in a hoarse whisper, “ there’s something covered up on the cot 1” The hand with which he held the lamp shook so, that, fearing he would drop it, I took it from him, and, in breathless suspense, we went on tiptoe to the cot. Yes ; there was certainly something under the blanket. Something that looked like the top of a human head peeped out. 1 pulled down the blanket a little, and a ghastly face, framed by long, brown hair, stared up at us with its glassy eyes. Horrified, I recoiled and set the lamp upon the table, while Dennin staggered back against the wall, murmuring ; Por God’s sake, Joe, what does this mean 1” “ It means,” I replied, mastering my emotion, “it means that we stand face to face with the victim of a crime—a mur dered woman ! Choked to death !” “ Choked 1” gasped Dennin. “ How do i you know that ?” “ It is very evident,” I made answer, approaching the cot again. “See for yourself,” and I showed Dennin, at the throat, several dark marks, like the im prints of fingers. “There,” l said, gravely, “ are the irrefutable proofs. To the medical eye they are crying wit nesses.” “ Cover it up again, Joe. The sight is too horrible !” moaned Dennin. “We must not disturb it—it must be left just as we found it,” and seizing the blanket with a shudder he pulled it over the staring face. “ And now what’s to be done V' he con tinued. “ Our first step is undoubtedly to go and lodge a complaint against this Ike and Pete Burroughs, the landlord. We must do so at once.” “ Not so fast, my boy. Do you imagine we would be allowed to leave this house by stealth at this hour 1 No, indeed, we are supposed to be—” “ What i” asked Dennin, impatiently, as I paused. “ Cutting the body up, of course, so that they can conveniently dispose of it —bury the pieces separately, no doubt 1 Isn’t the matter clear to ycu, now 1 The rascals, having foully murdered this poor woman here, have not dared to carry the body away as it is, and have not had the courage to cut it up. Some one, for a round sum of money, has agreed to furnish them a villainous doctor and an assistant, who would do the job for them. Don’t you remember that Ike said to me, when ho cautioned me in the other room, ‘jWe looked for you two days ago, doc tor V And what he meant by ‘ You’ve got what you need in them things’’ point ing to our valises, were the surgical in struments necessary for the operation.” I, opening a valise, took out two loaded revolvers, and going up to Dennin, said, in a whisper : / “ Take this revolver and keep your wits about you. Certain it is that either Ike or the landlord will be here before day light to see whether we have done the job. Whoever comes, we must be pre pared for him. It’s a matter of life or death with us. ’ Then, seating myself by the little table, I waited anxiously for the next act in the frightful drama. it was ■ drawing near to three in the morning when I heard soft footsteps, in the passage, approaching the door, and presently there came a light knock. I motioned to Dennin, and when I opened the door, in walked Ike and Pete, the landlord, but to find themselves confron ted suddenly with two revolvers aimed straight at their breasts. At the same time I cried out: “ Hands up!” “Don’t shoot l” the two worthies stammered, simultaneously, throwing up their hands. “ No harm was meant T’ “ What! No harm, you villains i It was a cold-blooded murder!” I said vehemently. Ike burst out laughing, winking furiously, while from every part of the house seemed to come an explosion of shouts, and into the room rushed a score of miners, ‘ The fact is, pard,” said Tke, suppres sing his mirth, “we’ve been pretty hard on you and your friend. But that’s the initiation we generally give to all new tenderfeet—a pretty good skeer, that’s all. And really, in the fust place, it was intended for two tenderfoot friends of our’n we expected two days ago. Bit when they didn’t come, and we seenyouse cornin’up the street, so innocent-like, we . couldn’t resist the temptation to play the j joke off on you,” and with several rapid winks, Ike walked to the door of the ad joining room, one of the miners following him with the lamp, and unlocking it with another key, threw it open, walked to the cot, and, amid a roar of laughter, jerked out from under the blanket, by the hair the wax head of a woman. - ’ Mrs Gaybud (whose husband is ill from drink) : “ Well, doctor, let me know the worst. I can bear it better than this anxiety.” Dr. Dosem: “Madam, since you ask me, I will tell you the worst, Your husband will certainly recover.” Tofthe frozen meat trade is now being 1 added the importation of American pork. The meat is not frozen, but is chilled by ' cold air, which preserves the pork fresh and doss not impair its quality. LOOKIKG FORWARD. The maid whose manners are retired, Who, patient, waits to be admired, Though overlooked perhaps awhile Her modest worth, her modest smile, Oh, she will find, or soon or late, A noble, fond, and faithful rpate. Molly (between waltzes) : “ He said the world had been a desert to him till he met me.'1 Polly: “That explains why he dances so like a camel, I suppose.” 