TREASURE TROVE. Titat very suspietous story of the dis covery of treasure worth 30o000,000dols. by an Englisli Man-of-war on Cocos Is land reminds me (writes an occasional correspondent) that darting the past year or two titere has grown' up somethifl'g that very closely resembles a mania in the direction of hunting for lost treasure, The people who have developed the craze the most keenly are the Ameri cans, but we ourselves are not guiltless. Mr Knight's trip to Trinidad Islet in search of the bullion and jewellery sup posed to have been deposited' there for safety from the sack of Limo in Peru is nups a matter of history. More recantly we have had on thand the search for the treasure of the Luinee, which o'ent down in 17)3 off the coi'At of Hollalnd with tt,2ttftOt in gold anrd' silver hultion-; and shortly an English naval captain will lead ass expedition to the Araboan aste Rfed' Seas with the invention of picting up, if be niay the untold gold lost 'leni thit inmmemorial trade route from' the d-ys of tfe IPhoeniciaili to our o1n. Tioe captain confidently expects iii p'rtince and assiduity ti' pick up, fist in die shsllass w'ter:s of the Arabian Sea and 'fterwards in the R:xf Sea. wcalth woti 'i at tre very least Ifrtl,s0t,000. s Te has the wnlter's very bher. 'ishes la r complete succt-s. A. ion-' LTils man is Ittilding 1usti now 's curmeis submarine Vessel, wita whice lie proposes to scour 'ho ilooi o the ocean in search treasure> The ves sel will' be egiity feet long. From a prelimhilary account of her Fe gather that the s'tfaee buoyancy stwlt be over come ibp means af heavy weiglit attarch ed to long wire cables connecteil with d rums at' either end of the vesrel. B)' the operation of' these drums tihc vessel 'till be hikawn to the bottom of the sea. Running fore and aft are axlcs with bhoadtiiadd 'heoos, which are conioected with an electric motor. "fn this say." ste are tot"j "the ship will lie transform ed into a elhiclc. Sufflice it that the in ventor believes in it. and has coiivinced himself, further, chat by its nieans he 'ill become ricier than the Vonderl'ilts in ta else months. is habo a carefully prepired llstaof treasure ships lost stce 'Phe dys of Di'Drake, and the latitude and onigitude of the spots where they are suppo ed to iest beneath the staves. He rill trot matoe t 'tee-line for LOrient, ohicli was suank by Nelson at the byattle of the Nile. She had a large amount of jeitellei'3 and plate. anid L00.000 iin sr.ecim' aboard. Then he will look for tl:e sreck of the Dc Grnal, lost off tie Delao'are in 1793, s'wici a great amount of Spanish seis and bullion. On his list is also the Golden Gate, sunk ofl Hatteras ini the early fifties, rind simply filled stith gold' from Califoinia. Only a fes 'cooks ago ste heard of the orgrumisation of tri American expedi tioss-oue to recover the chests of Simanisim doubloo-n, toid to have been burhed oii San figuel Island, of Santa Barbara. en the Californiaii coast, liy the cres of a Spanish vessel wrecked in tlint neihboeilood many -years ago; anid the other to search for pirate treasure hidden on the Island of Grand Terre, in iai'atrariba Bay. Louisiana, by otiS if the gsentrs who in time long ago made the West:Indies their buntiimg ground, and slio retired to the quiet cas'es shich abound bettween tile tosumuito Ghast and Seutli-Florida, schen they desired a rest or when pirsueis become importune. This oxpedilitisim'woa associated nuith the pirate Jean Lailtte. who is supposed to have secreted - someies'here about the coast enough u'eelth to buy London. This man's name is a synonym for pir acy anmong the lailt-million people stho inhabit those parts. Just ask them.and they sill' point outi a thousand things associated with him, and wvill call their gtandfatheis tic tell you enough grisly tales about him to fill a book. There is not one of the thousand loss. flat islands along the Gulf coast from Peusacola clear around to the Point Yucatan, not a Imasnn.'mi.cea. tay, Iagoon or crookeid watertay in all that country liut has its dark tales of tLaltte and his hidden treasures. Hle is their greatest hlei'o. His father staoi a Frenchman stito emi grated to the West Indies, svliere he had possessions. Itut a negro revolutitin drove the family to New Orleans, shere the son took to sniuggling. Then oc curred the revolt against Spain. A Re public ssas proclaimed in Mexico, and its adherents s'ere engaged in a bitter, say age struggle with the Spanish 'Viceroy. The Revolutionary Government ssas re presented in Nes' Orleans by a commis sioner, iDon Jose Manuel Herrero. From Berrera Laficte obtained the appoint metit of the Governor of Texas, under the Revolutionary Government of Mexico. procured a number of vessels, and' hairied' the Spaniards nominally as the servant of the ness Republic. but ac tually on his oss'i account, It is beyotici question' that hle did not confine his at tentions to Spanish ships, but attacked all mrnec'lactmen that caine in his nay. in his time he comnitted ecno'mous havoc, anti' must' have pptrepriatcd ehormoos treasure. ''hat did he do sith this treasure? That is just shat Ameriican speculatin's wouldt like to know. The lost treasure of Jenn Lofhtte has always has a fascination':for these gentlemen. and for one expedition svhich they have fitted out (often stith Icetter re-eonsI) far the rtcvet'ry of other trot sure-trove they have desratehed at least three to search for that of the nmur derous and bloodthirsty rascal Lafitte. - As ste have hinted, almost every likely and unlikely spot along the tulf Coast has (icen tapped for this recal citrant troasure. The last carried throuehg-that is, apatrt from the one to Gruand Terre--stas in August last year, when there appeared off .Aatageorda. Island a mysterious schooner manned iiy half a dozen mysterious men, mho lanidetl oni Ihe island, spont a ftes' dave their, and then left in theim' scbooner as mysteriously as they came, leaving behind them in the sand a square hole six feet stide and six feet deep, as though they had dug up something and carried it anhby From this es'ery natice knest there had been another search for Jean Lafitte's buried treasures. The small island of Cheniere Comirada, a fes miles south of Biloxi (Miss.), sas perhaps the favorite resort of Lafitte. He had a house there, and the frame of the "Laoitte cottage" is still to be seen, built almost upon the svater's edge. A 11ath leads through the garden to the bench, upon shich a gate opened amid a cluster of stater oaks. It seems very strange that some fortune-hunter does not dig under the old steather-beaten building for treasure. Perhaps the story that ghosts of men dangling'from ropes and of men in the act of stalking blindfolded into the sea from a vessel are seen nightly at this dreary spot: prevents the search. Digging, hosv ever, continues at intervals on other por tions of the island, and at Biloxi, there the pirates frequently came. A hint from any very old negro still set a lot of gold hunters to sork vigorously. Just about the time when the trea- sure-hunters were at Matagorda, an other party sas searching in the neigh borhood of the Delasaro Capes for the LIt000,000 in Spanish gold said to have gone dosn in that neighborhood in the privateer De Biaak, already alluded to. This sas the fourth attempt after the same treasure, and need scarcelybe said it was not found. It must be an impos sible task to locate a wreck in the shift ing sands that lie off these Capes. A lit tle earlier in the year an expedition vas fitted out at Nes York to search for the treasure--estimated at htlf-a-million sterling-which undoubtedly' went down wish an Enlish man-of-sar about the time of the revolutionara- outbreak on Hell Gate in Long Island Sound. This also was. unsuccessful. The United States from the Dela'w'are southsward is supposed to have been fancied as a trea sure burial-ground by Blue Beard and the other men'who' formed the earlier generation of pirates. There is probably not an acre of ground south of the Cope that has not been dug on for sunken treasure. TWe neveriheard of more than tne authentic lOd. About seventy Yegrs ago tin Anterlcan schooner went nalmore somewhere north of Sinepuxint Inlet and'goinq alplsg (th beach the captair found the efid of a chest stickinl out of the sand. BiI took it aboard, and get ting safely away went to Boston. The chest contained a quantity of gold and silver plate, jewelled arms, add some money, supposed to have belonged to Bradish Ten. Kidd's first mate, oito es caped when the captain was taken. The evidence, however, on which the owrer ship is ascribed to Ten seems very ifi conclusive. co fewer than three several searches were made last year for the treasure hidden somawhre in MIagne Island, in the Gulf of Florida. by uns old miserly cxyminer. named Nicholson It was at first thought. we are told, that Nichol son had just enough money to keep the wolf from the door. But one day a vistor surprised diem as he was bending over a shining heap of gold. There were fen and twenty dollar pieces enougit to fill the ride table on woich they twer piled, besfies many %t"mhgs. an octattonal-shaped piece of Californ ion gol at one time in'circulation on the coast, and valued at fifty dollars. Short is' 'ftterw rds Nicholson died suddenly. He h id n-s relations, made no will, and se-mianvl -mad left nothing valuable be hind him. uit what about that table 'fill of gold Time fortunr-imunters rumoh ed in Ivy the dozen; searched everywheie neout the huit nd its vicinity; turned up evenr sod in,, the garden, and their ptou'hed the ands of rife shore alP: roand the isla d. One of tie' men why hies' ye'mr endeavored to locate the bul mien took a diviming rod witif him. He was as successi .i os his predkeeSsors.- Vensiminster. 