Christ and^ Jiïcodeiuus;^ £JLeT°!î by íh? Rev- Mark Guy Pearce, London.' r ¡v ,^ . .(Concluded.) ' ' " .' In the former part of the sermon Mr Pearse ?Si?TÄiS,tJ2mder?11 *««ter°o? this chap er »n* ^ "S th,e fatness and the glory of Christ, and the prom nence and publicity to-which-He ?nmfn»e?A '«fÄtl? this gentlemans iniluence 'nf Äi»*0 '«VÏS youug Prophet of Nazareth! tie then noticed the personal manner in which ÍIT^ with Nicodemus, and the .myVterW -»*oli?f th^WOr^s oí ^ net Teacher to him: startling him by their force and fulness and personal application. . By birth and religious ad vantages,; Nicodemus was in need of nothing, but notwithstanding Jewish training and"; worship circumcision, altars, priests, sacrifices, and pro phecies-though arranged and commanded of God ali were useless without spiritual life. He must live first so though sacraments, sermons, scrip , tures, creed, may minister to life-there must be life first of all. Neither by baptism nor the Lord's Supper, did or does the Holy Ghost convince men of :sin,, but hy the preaching of the Gospel word, does the light and fire of God reach the hearts of men'. . "Hence the prayer of the great apostle was for utterance,-power to speak. He who was specially called and commissioned to preach the Gospel declares that HE WAS NOT SENT TO BAPTISE, ' and rejoices that he had but baptised two of the whole Church in Corinth. Yet not always under the word is it that the power of the Holy Ghost comes upon men, for there is diversity of opera tion. Paul is struck down under a blinding vi sion from heaven, whilst Cornelius is met in the i quiet of his own chamber. The Ethiopian is re turning, and sitting in his charlo^ when Philip meets and preaches Jesus. Lydia's, heart is opened of tbe Lord as Paul talks by the river side; and the jailer,, trembling and overwhelmed by the te--'-rs of the earthquake, listens to the i story of 5- love and is saved. In no case is a sacraniv. . lae beginning of the work of grace, i any more than-when the penitent thief was lifted i from Calvary to Paradise. . The one great esseu ! tial truth for us to take hold of is this-that there ¡must be the actual contact of God with our i spirit; that, forms however solemn, and services ¡ however impressive* and.truths however sublime, i are nothing apart from the regenerating power I off the :Holy Ghost«: --'Ye must-be born again." I *' MUST: SO SAITH-CRHIST/ THE LORD. Í Verily, verily/ I - say" 'unto thee-with such sol emnity is the word spoken to each of us. This lis everything.. It is a.life-and-death matter-a matter of eternal life" or eternal death. As such let us hear it and heed it. Ye must be born again) How, is a mystery, as Christ Himself, tells us; and a diversity, as the Bible teaches, and all experience. But that which - concerns us is the actual wor,k of the Holy Ghost-in us, impart ing to us a new nature. "That which is born of the flesh is flesh." The flesh is that by which we have contact with the world. . It is not necessarily anything evil, cer tainly not accursed. By our birth of the flesh we , are fitted for the world about us; with eyes to use its light, and faculties that fit in with its re quirements, we have power to turn it to account, to make it our, own, to use it. and enjoy it. ? But outside this world which the flesh possesses is an other world, into which our eyes cannot seer our hands; ,canhot grasp_itr our minds cannot perceive it. .WE CANNOT ENTER INTO IT BY ANY : NATURAL POWER. And now the Holy Spirit of God is eome.to.<im part to us another life; by a new birth, to fit-us to enter into the life of God exactly as the natural birth fitted us for life In this world. So do webe come partakers of the Divine nature, with new faculties and fitted for the new condition. God is known and trusted and loved as our Father, for there is a new consciousness to.which God reveals Himself.'. Jesus Christ is no more only a memory, a name, but an Almighty Saviour, an abiding Friend and Brother, our heart's strength and joy; the very possession of our souls, of Whom, we cry, my Lord and my Cod. We live with new .desires* new aims» new delights, a life not depen dent upon the circumstances about us, citizens of another country, ambitious of its distinctions, jealous for its honor, eager for its possession. A lite is ours, of which death is not the end but only the unloosing, the unfolding, the '"manifesting," as. SU John puts it. Born of God, now are we the sons of God, partakers of the Divine nature, with all its vast and unutterable possibilities, heirs of God and joint-heirs with Christ Jesus. And now in seeking this as our own, be sure if this is what must be, then IT MUST BE "WITHIN OUR REACH. ?f-lt Christ meets each of us separately with this Í say unto thee, thou must he born again,, now may I be assured that He has set this great gift within mr reach. Let us go forth eagerly ta seek for it,. since everything depends upon its possession, being quite sure of this that the Holy Ghost is given unto all men. This free gilt has come upon all men. Just as surely as God's love is wrapped about the world, and is ours apart from -will of priest, or service ot any kind or sert,, or any sacrament whatever-a love of which none can divest us, which none can control, sure as the earth wherein we dwell; as surely as Christ has tasted death for every man, as surely as His coming is a fact which none can undo and which none can. limit; so surely is the gift of the Holy Ghost given to all men everywhere. Tt is not, . IT CANNOT BE LIMITED BY ANY " CONDITION. Baptism does but set before us the -fact that the Holy Ghost is given, just as the sacrament ¡of the Lord's Supper makes -visible to us the [fact of Christ's death. God's infinite love is not set within, the caprice or control of any man living. The great provision of His grace lg limited, to no place, to no form, to no day. If is alike the common and glorious heritage of every maa and woman living-His free Spirit tb be bought by no privileged few: to be earned hy no goodness* to be conferred "by no authwB-ity, -as surely as the nature of Adam this ls oura,' not because we are Christians, ours because we "" are men and women, although we are 'sinners. Have we not all of us proved it? To ever»'one of us has come that Gracious Spirit, softening, pleading, prompting, bringing to mind hallowed memories, awakening fear or desire: creating a sense of sin. and stirring holy purpose. Thus far works the Holy Spirit with ail men. ¡ But' then come in ? THE MYSTERY" AND THE MAJESTY OF <" THE "WILL. ? ' ". I V . We can resist the Spirit. We can q-oènch* the Spirit. Or we may yield to the Spirit. As 'many as are led by the Spirit, they are :the childrén of God. It is this mystery which,' determines' in every man what the work of tha Holy. Spirit shall be. The Father's love is un asked,' independent of our will. Christ's death' for"ila is apart from any man's asking or desiring. But the Holy Spirit is given to them that ask Him. To all men He is given to bring the offers of His "Grace, to speak and plead and urge. But He standeth at the door of the heart which o pene th only from within, saying, "Open unto Me." Our asking does not mean that this gift is less-freely, given than; ls the love of God or the gift of Christ, ?but because the asking implies the opening ot the door-the .surrender of the will. This gift o* tha Holy* Ghost, j ¡ . ?.--THE ONE THING WE' NEED. rSViLhou't Him nothing is ours-with,Him we ¡nave» all. He comes to put us in possession nf all'that the love of God has provided,-'of all that the' lifo and death of Jesus have, accomplished. He and, Ho alone can impart to us the life of God. ., it ls a new nature, that we need. Theories, feelings, tears, agonies, beliefs-what are these if Christ saith he must be born again? Ail that we* caa possibly need is ours in the gift of the Holy Ghost. He creates the consciousness of sin; the true re pentance ls ours only when He imparts His grace. He brings the manifestations of Christ as our Saviour, so that we- just rest in Him.with as sured confidence that He loved us, and gave Him self for us. «He brings the gracious sens© oí. God's love to us, so that we look up and cry Abba, Father. He- becomes the earnest of our inherit ance, the pledge and foretaste of heaven. Begin, now to pray, O God, give me Thy Holy Spirit, for Jesus Christ's sake. Go on, making it your, prayer -morning, noon, and night. Everything, shall he -yours in this gift-light, peace, joy, Hove, triumph, all are ours only in the Holy Ghost.; ' PLEDGE-YOURSELF TO. THIS PRAYER, ' Let it greet the dawn. Let it close the day. Cf God, give me Thy Holy Spirit, for Jesus Christ's sake. Bid those about you offer it as a cxy f or life, a cry that cannot fall. Get them td promise .you that they will offer it as a prayer to God' night and day. No matter how hard, or dark, orí sin ful-these things are our need, and need is our, claim upon God's bounty. Will you now, aa you close : these lines, make this prayer your own? And before the day closes find some other.'.and. bid them offer it. God's love can do no more.: The grace of Jesus Christ-hath declared of His work 1 "It is finished." Now all waits on this,; on- thia all hangs-Receive ye the Holy Ghost. Sometime since in á large congregatioa_JLjisked thosOf who had been perplexed about the way of salvation, and those who seemed to need converting'over again every week, and those "who never seemed to get beyoud the stage of seeking, and those'who : thought they were, saved" on Sundays and doubted it again on Monday mornings, . to forget every thing else but this one* prayer--O God, give me' Thy Holy Spirit, for Jesus Christ's sake. I urged it; and pressed it home as earnestly as I could. For twelve months afterward s I RECEIVED LETTERS FROM ALL KINDS OF, PERSONS, . '/. telling me how they had been-led into thé'full light of the favor ot God, and were new creatures since they had received the Holy Ghost.. Now, all that God has for us, and all that He can do for-us, ia put within our reach, y It is all ours for the: asking. Pledge yourself to this prayer, . morning, noon, and night. Now, offer it;' go on offering it-O God, give me Thy Hoy Spiriti for Jesus Christ's sake. Amen. , . - , . * v On Friday morning, October 28, at S o'cloclr, Cardinal Moran held an ordination service in St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, when he conferred the orders of the priesthood, deacon, and sub-deacon on students from St. Patrick's College, Manly. The quarterly meeting of the Kiama Ministers' Union took place at Jamberoo on October 26, and a public meeting was held in the evening in tho Anglican church, which was presided over by the Rev. B. Stephens, the incumbent. There was a large attendance, and addresses were delivered by, the Revs. H. Wh-een (Wesleyan), T. Moore (Congre gationalist), and the chairman. Resolutions were passed in favor of the bill to suppress improper ad vertisements in newspapers ; and protesting against the attempt which is being made to legalise Sun day trading. ! At a conference of Anglican clergymen and lay men, which was held in the Chapter House, Syd ney, on Monday week, the Archbishop presided, and delivered an earnest and sympathetic address on "The Social Problems and Questions of the Day.** Papers were read by Dr. G. Rundle, on "A! Living Wage and the Hours of Labor;" by "the Rev. W. I. Carr-Sroith, on "The Drink Traffic anil Social Conditions;" by the Rev. S. S. Tovey, on "Industrial Co-operation;" and by the Rev. IV B. Boyce on "Old Age Pensions." After each of the papers, discussion took place, in which, the.. Revs. C. H. Barnes (of Victoria), F. B. Boyce, and! C. J. Byng, also Messrs. P. Rowland, R. Harris,, and W. R. Beaver, took part. . With the view of reaching non-church goers who throng the marine suburb, ct Sydney, " Manly, choral and pictorial ser vices have been arranged after church.1 hours in the large Aquarium Hall, by two Wes leyan ministers, the Revs. J. H. Lewin, and S. H*. Macdade. On Sunday evening week 400 persona were present, and the whole service was of a most impressive character. Hymns were sung, the Scriptures read, some splendid reproductions ot the great masterpieces o£ art were shown by, the'lantern, and an earnest Gospel appeal on "Be ," hold, I stand at the door and knock," constituted I the service, which ls to be repeated each Sunday; I evening, after the usual church service hour. 