THE STOEYTKLLEB | The Red Axe * By S. R. Crockett (Anthor of ' The Raider*,' The Lilac Sun bonnet,' ' Lochinvar,'' -tc.). CHAPTER XLI. TITK GARKKT OF TIIE RED TOWER. 1 felt my temples, iny ears, my neck tingling with cold. I seemed to have fallen into a Rea of ice. 1 think I would have fallen and fainted, hut that at that moment my master sat down beside the Bishop, and I wa-» left free to retire into a darksome corner, where T staggered against a beam slimy with black sweat, and hung over it with my hand clasping my brow, trying to think what had happened. I do not know how long I remained in this position, nor yet when I came to myself. All was a dream to me, a nightmare of horrid whirlings aud infinite oppressions. The faces of the foln that watched, the garmentry of the Bishop and his priests, the red robes of the young Duke and his successors, spun round me in hideous phantas magoria. At last I was conscious that a trumpet blew. 'Whereupon all rose up. The secretaries stacked their papers unconcernedly with the feathers of their pen in their mouths. And then in the solemn silence which endued the Duke and his Judges filed out of the door, while the power of the Church, represented by Bishop Peter and his priests, went form t-y another. Before I could realise the situation, Helene had vanished down a trapdoor in the floor. My master accompanied Bishop Peter. As for me, I hardly knew what I did. I did not even stand up, till our conductor, he who had gone forward to announce us at the Bret, ran across to me and plucking me by the arm from the beam on which I leaned, said hurriedly : ' Art dead or drunk, man, that thou riskest thine ears and thy neck r Stand up while the Judges and the new Duke go by.11 So dazed and numb T hent me up, and lo, com ing arm in arm towards me were Otto von Reuse and his newly- appointed Chief Justice, who was but mine old friend Michael Texel. The Duke bent a searching look on me as I bowed low before him, bat he saw only the tan of my skin and the close bn'stle of my hair. And so all passed on. ' Ho. blackamoor, thy master waits thee. Run if thou wouldst avoid the whipping- post,' cried another of the rout of servitors. So putting out a hand to stay myself, I stag gered weakly after my master. I found him at the door, in talk with the confessor of the Bishop. ' And so,' he was saying, ' thiB girl was reared in the executioner's house And she went away to a far country in order to learn the secrets of necromancy, it is not known where. I would see this Duke's Justicer. Does he dwell near by ? I What, in that very tower r It is of good omen. Let us go thither.' Bat the confessor excused himself, being in no vr'se desirous to visit the Rod Axo ovon in his ; turn of siekuess. ' I have business of the soul with Bishop Potoi. I will speak with th-e airain at rofivtion,' ho said, glancing up at the Red Tower with suspi cious glances, as if he feared unseen ears might ho listening, and that some of its fearful magio might even descend upon a man so notably holv as a Bishop's confessor. Presently Desaauer and I were at the well known door. I knocked, and listened, whereupon ensued silence. Again, and then when the echoes ceased, there was once more a great silence in the tower. I heard the bloodhounds of Duke C-tsimir howl. The indigo shadow of the Hall of Justice stretched across and touched the Red Tower with an ominous finger. ' Let us go in,' said I. And, pushing tlie un resisting door, I began to climb the stone stairs. Each smoothed hollow aud chipoed edge was familiar to me as my name. Indeed, much more so, for I was now passing under a false one. I climbed in a dazed way, up and up. There on my left was the sitting-room. It had been searched high and low, escritoires rudely tossed down, aumries rifled, household stuff, grain, white linen, bottles, all cast about aud huddled together as the searchers had left them. Then above was the little room where Helene used to sleep. Here the wrack was indescrib able — every hiding-place rifled, her pretty bed quilt lying across the doorway trampled and sailed, her dainty white clothing, some she had worn at PlaKsenbm-g1, and even of the tiny dresses of her childhood, all torn and confused. And in the midst, what affected me more than every thing else, a tiny puppet of wood my father had hewn her with his knife, and which she had dressed as a queen with red ribbons and crown of tinsel. Ah, so long ago — and in such happy days. ' Father,' I called loudly, ' Father ! ' But in this I forgot myself. There might have been enemies lurking anywhere in the house of pain and disaster. My own roof came next, and the way out upon the roof, but we tried not these. There remained only the garret of my father. I climbed up with Dessauer behind me, and pushed the door open. Th en I stood in the entering-in, looking for the first time for years on the face of my father. He lay on his couch, his head bound about with a napkin. The dark wisp of hair which rose like a cock's comb sticking through the stained cloth waH no longer blue-black, but of iron-grey splashed and brindled with pure white. His eyes were open and shining, cavernous and solemn, above his iallen-iu cheeks. It was like looking into the secrets of another world. That which he had so often caused other eyes to see he was now to see for himself. The hand which lay — mere skin, muscle, and bone — on the counterpane had guided many to the door of the mysteries. Now it was to push the arras aside, for the Death- Justi cer of the Mark was to go before the Judge of all the earth. My father lay gazing at me with deep, mourn ful eyes. So sad they seemed that it was as if nothing in heaven or earth, neither joy nor sorrow , i'lV n-:- ili'.illi, could li ivn power to ehimgo i their t \ |n n-.si.ni ot niimi'.'i-iiir.'ilili' vidness. ! onforoil find !»iv [i.'iniott follow.' i. ' I'lioio is noiii' with you licrc,' I said to my father, jjoing to tiu- bedside. lie stalled ill t he voice, and looked ovon oagerlv up. Hut liis eves lullc I and deadened again as lie fell burk. ' I did hut droain,' he muttered, sadly. ' Vim havo no out' with you here, Gottfried Gottfried : ' said 1 again, for in a matter of lifo and death it was as well to niako sure. Ho set his hand to his brow as if trying to think. ' Who should bo with mo — except all these r ' ho answered, vory solemnly. And swept bis hand about tho room as if he saw strange shapes stand ing in ro\vn about t.lie wall*. ' J wish,' he wont ou. almost, querulously, ' whoever you are, you would tell these people to keep their hands dowu. They point at me, and thrust their dripping heads forward, holdintr them like lanterns in their hands.' lie turned away to the back of the bed, and th^n as if he saw something there worse than all the rest, faced about again quickly, saying with some pathetic intonation of his lost childhood, ' There is no need for them to point so at me, is there r' ' Father,' said I, gently touching his chcek with my hand as I used to do. ' Ah, what is that he said. ' Did someone call me father ? Let me go ! I tell you, let me go She needs me. They are torturing her. I must go to her !' 'Father,' I said again, putting him gently back, 'it is I. Tour own son Hugo — corne back to speak with you, to help if it may be — to die For the Little Playmate if need be.' ' Hugo — Hugo ! he said, ' my little lad, my pretty boy 'r' He pushed me back to look at me, eagerly, wistfully — ani then thrust me sharply away. ' Bah !' he said, ' you lie ! What need to lie to a dying man ? My Hugo hal yellow hair a* d a skin like lilies. Yours is dark ? ' 'Father,' said I, ' I am here disguised. Help is coming, sure and strong, if we can only wait a little and delay the trial. But tell me all. Speak to me freely if you love your daughter Helene — your daughter and my love.' He sat up now, and motioned me to come nearer. I set a pillow to his back, and went and kneeled by the bed as I used to do at good- night time when I said my Paternoster. Then for the first time he -roew me. ? ' Say it !' he commanded in his old voice. So, though with the stress -f wars and other things I had mostly forgotten, yet I said not only that, but the Prayer of Childhood he had taught me. And then I kissed him as I used to do when I bade him good-night. ' Yes,' he said softly, ' it is true after all. You are mine own only son. Hugo — lam glad you have come to see your father before he dies.' I told him how I had come and brought Des sauer forward, introducing him as one great in the kingdom where I was, and to whom 1 was much beholden. He shook him by the hand and again looked at roe. ' Now, father, ' said I, ' we have no long !iii)o to hide with you Jest the new Dtike ei.inr. upon it-. We must hio us lnel; t.'Miur h dirit ' with the His}, op Pel or lest we be niisiei!.' My father smiled. ' Ye will live but sparely them !' said lie. ' 'Tell us how yon came to this,' said J, ?' inil] if yon itan, why Helene, our little Helene, stai.ds «-- terribly accused ' My father paused a long time before lie hr gan to answer. ' It is not easy for me to tell you all,' he said, ' I know aud I have the words. But somehow, when I try to fit the words to the tbiny, they run asunder and will not mix, like water and oil. But see, lingo, here is an elixir of rare value. Drop a drop or two on my tongue if ye see tnu wauder. Jt will briny: me back for a time.' CHAPTER XLIT. ntlXCKSS PI.AYMATE. Then began my father to tell tbe tale slowlv, with many a pause aud interruption, now searching for words, now racked with pairi, all of which 1 need not imitate and shall leave out. But the substance of bis tale was to this effect : ' After you had left us the Dukedom went from bad to worse — no peace, no rest,, no money Duke Casimir took less and less of my advice, but began again his old horrors — plundering, killing, living by terror and in terror. He threatened Torgati. He attacked Plassenbunr, He stirred up hornets' nests everywhere. He made himself at home the common mark for everv assassin. ' Then suddenly came his nephew back, and almost immediately he grew great in favour with him. Uncle and nephew drank together. They paraded the terraces together. I was never more sent for «ave to do my duty. Otho von Reuss rode abroad at the head of the Black Horsemen. ' But at ihe same time, to ray great joy, arrived the little Plavmite back to me. She was safer with nie she said. So that having ber I needed naught else. She came with good news of you. making the journey not alone, for two men of the Princess's retinue brought ber to the city gates.' ' The Princess I cried, ' aye, I thought to. I judged that it was the Prinecss who sent her back.' Dessauer motionfd with his hand. He saw that it was dangerous to throw my father off the track. And, indeed, this was proven at once, for my un fortunate interruption set my father's mind to the wandering, till finally I had to drop certain drops of the red liquid on his tongue. These, indeed, had a marvellous effect upon him. He sat up instantly, his eyes flashing the old light, and began to speak rapidly and to clear purport, even as he used to do in the old days when Duke Casimir would come striding across the yard at all hours of the night and day to consult his Juwticer. ' What was I telling r' he went on. ' Yes, I remember, of the home-coming of Helene under honourable escort. And she was beautiful — but all her xace were beautiful, all the woineu of them at any rate. But that is another matter. ' Then as she went across tbe yard one day to meet me at the door of the hall as I came out, who Ihe lightning showed me my lamb crouched in the corner, her lips open, white, squared with horror, lier arm extended as though to putli some monstrous ihing away. -Ciiai\ xi.ii. should see her but the Count Otho vou Reuss. And she turned from him like a queen and took hoi I of m y arm, clasping: It strongly. Then he looked at us both, and his look was the evil doer's look. Oh, I know it. Who knows that look if not I ? And so we passed within. But my Helene was quivering ani much afraid, nestling to me — aye to me, old Gottfried Gott fried, like a frightened dove. ' After this she went not out into the courtyard or city, save with me by her side, and Otho von Reuss lingered about, watchiDg like a wolf about the nheep-fold. For he was in high favour with Duke Casimir, and had already equal place with him on tlie bed of justice. ' Theu there came a night, lightning peeping and blazing, alternate blue and white — God's face and the devil's time about staring in at the lattice. I lav alone in my chamber. But I was not tsleep. As you know I do not often sleep. But I lay awake and thought, aud thought. The lightning showed me faces I had not seen for thirty yearn, aud forms I remembered, black against eternity. But all at once, in a certain after-clap of silence that followed the roaring thunder I heard a voice call to me. ' ' My father — my father !' it cried. ' It was like a sonl in danger of salvation calling God. ' I rose and went, clad as I was, in the red of mine office 'for that dav I had dons the final grace more than ouce), I ran down the stairs to the room of my little Helene. ' The lightning showed nie my lamb crouched in the corner, her lips open, white, squared with horror, her arms exreuded, as though to push some monstrous thing away. A black shape only I saw bending over her. Then came blackness of darkness again. And again my Helene's voice. Ah, Go I, I can hear it now calling pitifully, like a woman hanging over hell and losing hold ; ' Father — my father !' ' ' I am here !' I cried loudly, even as on the scaffold I cry the doom for which the people die. ' And the room lit up with a flame, white as the face of God as he passed by on the Mount Sinai, flash on continuous flash. And there before me with a countenance like a demon's stood Otho von Reus.s !' I uttered a hoarse cry, but Dessauer again checked me. My father went on : ' Otho von Reuss it was — he saw me in my red apparel, aud cried aloud with mighty fear. If God had given me mine axe in my hand — well, Duke or no Duke, he had cried no more. But even as he turned and fled irom the room I seized him about the waist, and opening the window with my other hand, I cant him forth. Aud a6 he weut dowu backwards, clutching at nothing, Go1! looked again out of the skylights of Heaven, and showed me the face of the devil, as Michael saw it when he hurled him shrieking into the pit. ' Then I went back and took in my arms my one ewe lamb. ' Many days (so they brought me word) Otho lay at the point of death, and Duke Casimir oame not near me nor yet sent for me. But by that very circumstance I knew Otho had not revealed how his accident had befallen. Yet he but bided his time. And as he grew well, Duke Cisimir grey ill. He waxed like a ghost, and one day he came here and sat on the bed as in old times. ' ' I know my friends,' he said, ' good Red Axe of mine, friend of many years. I have had mine eyes blinded, but this morning there has come a mighty clearness, and from this day forth you and I shall stand face to face and see eye to eye again.' ' Then being athirst, hs asked for something to drink. Which, when our sweet Helene had brought, he patted her cheek. ' A maid for a court — one among a thousand, a fair one i' he said ; and passed awav down the stairs, walking with his old steady tread. ' But even at the steps of the Hall of Justice he stumbled and fell. They carried him io, and there in the robing chamber be lay unconscious for a week, and th n died without speech. ' Wheu he was dead, and ere ho Lad been embalmed, there arose a clamour, first among the followers of O ho von Reuss, and after that among those of ths Wolfsberg who expected that they would be favoured by the new Duke. It was first whispered, and then cried aloud, that tho death of Dake Casimir had been by witchcraft and potion?. ?'Cunningly and with subtlety was spread the re port how my daughter and I had worked upon Duke CdHimir. How he had gone to our house, drunken a draught, and then died ere he could come to his own chamber. But I went on my way aud heeded him not. For just then the plague, which had stricken the D ike fir*t, stalked athwart the city uucheokel, and all through it this Helene of ours was as the angel of G.jd, coming and going by night and day among the streets and lanes of the town. Aud the common folk worshipped her. Aud so do unto this day. ' Now, perhaps, I did not heed this babble as I ought to have done. But there came one night — how long ago I have forgotten — and a clamour in the courtyard. Tbe Black Riders, th« worst of them, fiends incarnate that Otho had of late gathered about him, thundered upon us without, and presently burst in tbe door. ' I met them with mine axe at the stairhead, and for the better part of au hour I kept them at a distance. And some died, aud some were dis membered . For I am not a man to make mis tikes. Then came Otho limping from his fall and shot me with a bolt from behind hi* men . And so they took my love and left me here to die. Aud tlie new Duke will not kill me, for he desires that I shall see her agony ere my own life is taken. For that alone the fiend keeps me in life. ' Ani that,' said my father feebly, ' is all.' But just as he seemed to ebb away a wild fear startled him. ' No,' he cried, ' there is yetsomething more. Hugo, Hugo, keep me here a little ! Hold me that my mind may not wander away among the spinning-wheels and the faces mopping and mowing. I have something yet to teli.' I held him up while Dessauer poured a drop or twoof the potent liquid into his mouth. As before it instantly revived him. The colour came back to his cheeks. ' Quick, Hugo, lad !' he cried, ' ghe me that black box which cits behind the block.' I brought it, and from this he extr icted a small key, which he gave me. ' Unlock the panel you see there in the wall,' he said. I looked, but could rind none. ' Tlie oaken knob!' he cried sharply. I could only see a rough knob in the woodwork, a little wormeaten. But in the centre one hole a little larger than the rest. ' Put in the key !' commanded my father, making as if he would come out of bed and hasten me himself. I thrust in the key, indeed, but with no more faith than if I had been bidden to put it into a mousehole. Nevertheless it turned 3asy as thinking, and a little door swung open, cunningly fitted. Here were dresses, books, parchments. ' Bring all these to me,' he said. And I brought them carefully in my arms and laid them ou the bed. The eye of old Dessauer fell on something among them and was instantly fascinated. It was a woman's waistbelt of thick bars of gold laid three and three, crests and letters all over it. The Chancellor put liis hand forw ard for it, and my father allowed him to take it, following him, however, with a questioning eye. Then Dessauer put his hand into his bosom and drew out a chain of gold — the necklace of the woodman, indeed, and laid the two side by side. He uttered a shrill cry as he did so. ' The belt of the Princess !' he cried, ' the Princess of Piassenburg I' With delight on his face like that of a mathe matician when his calculations work out truly, Dessauer reachcd out his hand for the papers, but my father stayed him. ' Who may you be that has a chain to match mine ? ' he asked with his band on Dessauer's wrist.' ' I am the State's Chancellor of Piassenburg, and it needed but this to show me our true Princess.' ' Here, then,' said mv father, ' is more and better.' An:l he handed him the papers. ' It meets ! It meets !'' cried Dessauer enthu siastically, as he glanced them over. ' It is com plete. It would etand probation in the Diet of the Emperor.' ' But yet that will not prevent Helene Gott fried dying at the stake !' cried my father, sadly, and fell back on hie bed. We epent this heaviest of nights at the palace of Bishop Peter — Dessauer with the prelate, I, praise to the holy pyx, in the kitchen with the serving-men and maids. Peter of the Pigs was there, but no more eager to fight. Tbe lay brother, who had gone with the letter, and the conductor who had run away from the dread door of the Hall of Justice had returned, and bad spread a favourable report of our courage. Certainly the house of Peter tbe Bit-hop might be a poor one and scantily proveudered, but there was little sign of it that night. For if ihe master went fasting and his guests lived on pulse (as they said in Thorn), certainly not so Bishop Peter's servants. For there were pasties of larks, wiili tauce of butter and herbs. There were rabtits from the sandhills and pigeons from the towers of the minister. Tbe clear Rhenish vied with the more generous wine of Burgundy and the red juice of Assmanhauser. For me, as wa6 natural, I ate little. I -poke not at all. But I looked to dangerous with my swarthy face and desperate eyes, I daresay, and I was so well armed that the roy6terers left me severely alone. But I drank — Lord, what did I not drink that night. I poured down my gullet all and sundry that was given me. And to render them their dues there was no lack and no inhospitality. But the strange thing of it was that, though I am a man more than ordinarily temperate, that night I poured the Rhenif-h into me like water down a cistern-pipe and felt it not. God forgive me, I wanted to make me druuken and forgetful, and lo ! it would not bite. So I cursed their drink and asked if they had no Lyons 'Water-of-Life, stark and mordant, or indeed anything that was not mere compound of whey and dirty water. 'Whereat they wondered, and held me thereafter in great respect as a good companion and approven drinker. Then they brought me of the strong spirit of Dantzig, with curious little flakes of gold dancing in it. It was raw and strong, and I had good hopes of it. But I drank the Dantzig like spring water, all there was of it, and though it had a ta6te singular^ displeasing to me it had no more effect than so much warm barlev-brew for the palates of babes. Upon this I had great glory. For the card-players and the dicers actually left their games to 6ee me drink. And I sat there and expounded the Levitical law and the wheels of the Prophet Ezekiel, the law of succession to the empire, and also the apostolic succession, all with surprising clearness and cogency of reasoning. So that before I had finished they required of me whether it was I or my master who was sent for to dispute bofore the Emperor. Then I told them that the things I knew (that is, which the Hollands had pnt into my head) were but tbe commonest chamber sweepings of my master's learning, which I had picked up as I rode at his elbow. And this bred a mighty wondering, what manner of man he might be who was so wise. And I think if I had gone on Dessauer and I might both have found ourselves in the Bishop's prison, on suspicion of being the devil and one of his ministrants. But suddenly, as with a kind of back stioke, all that I had drunken must bare come upon me. The clearness of vision went from me like a candle that is blown out. I know not what happened after, eave that I found myself upon my truckle bed, with my leathern money pouch clasped in my hand with surprising tightness, as if I had been mortally afraid that someone would mistake my satchel for his own pocket. So in time the morrow came, and by all ruleB I ought to have had a racking headache. For I saw many of those that had been with me the nigM before pale of countenance and eating hand fuls of baser's salt. So I judged that their anxiety and the turmoil of their hearts had not burned their liquor up, as had been the case with me. Now it is small wonder that all my soul cried out for oblivion, till I should be able to do some thing for the Beloved — break her prison, hasten the troops from Piassenburg, or in some way eave my love. Hardly had I looked out of the main door that morning, desiring to pass away the time till the trial should begin again, before I saw the Lubber Fiend, smirking and becking across the way. He bad squatfod himself down on the side of the street opposite, looking over at the Bishop's palace. He pointed at me with his finger. 44 Your complexion runs down 3' he said. ' I know you. But goto the spring there by the stable, wash your face, and I shall know you better.' This was fair perdition and nothing less. For one may stay the tongue of a scoundrel with money, or the expectation of it, until oppor tunity arrived to stop it with steel or prison masonry. But who shall halter the tongue of a fool ? Then Bwift as one that sees his face iu a. glass, I bethought me of a plan. ' See,' I said, ?' do you desire gold, Lubber Fiend r' He wagged his great head and shook his cabbage-leaf ears till they made currents in the heavy air, to signify that he loved the touch of the yellow metal. ' See then, Lubber,' said I, « you shall have ten of these now, and ten more afterwards, if you will carry a letter to the Prince at Piassenburg, or meet him on the way.' ' 44 Not poBsible !' said he, shaking his head dadly, 14 little Mitssie has come to Thorn.' 44 But,' 6aid I, 44 little Missie woull desire it ; take letter to the Prince, good Jan, then Tftissie will be happy.' 44 Would she let poor Jan Lubberchen ki6s her hand, think you ?' he asked, looking up at me. 44 Aye,' said I, ' kiss her cheek maybe.' He danced excitedly from side to side. ' Jan will run — Jan will run all the way !' he cried. So I pulled out a ecrap of parchment and wrote a hasty message to the Prince, asking him, for the love of God and ur, to set every soldier in Piassenburg on the march for Thorn, and to come on ahead himself witb such a flying column as he could gather. No more I added, because I knew that my good master would ne;d no more. Then I went down with my messenger to the Weiss Thor, and with great faar I saw the idiot pasB the house of Master Gerard. Then, at the outer gate I gave him his ten golden coins, and watch od him trot away briskly on the green winding road to Plasi- enburg. 44 Mind,' he called back to me, ' kiss her check if Jan takes letter to the Prince.' And I promised it him without wincing. For by this time lying bad now no more effect upon me than dram-drinking. (To be continued.) 