[copyright.] DATS OF DANGER. Thrillifig Narrate of the Bashrangisg Times. Keenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. IN FIVE PARTS. PERIOD, 184$. PART IV. Trae to his word the chief of thesurvey party watched the etrange. retreat in the glen for a week, but not the slightest eign of any human being, save "the members of their own party, was ob served during the whole period. A.t the camp absolute quietude prevailed, and ut length the chief abandoned the watch and resumed his usual work. Occasionally a visit would be paid to the hut, but it remained in the same condition as when first seen, and the name—' Oarl Jensen' —stared at the men in its grim silent way. Had it not been for the thefts committed fromthe camp and the finding 'of the piece'of corned beef at the but, even Mesley would have believed that the. place had not been inhabited since the death of Jensen, and that like the palaoe of the Sleeping Beauty, a spell had been thrown over the looality which had preserved it from deoay. _ About two days after the watch in the glen had been abandoned, Constable Williams, of the Meraey station, with two assistants, arrived at Oonsidine'a oarop with is oouple of paok-horaes laden with provisions. His mission waa a dual one. One journey was to provision the oamp, whilst on the other return trip he was to take back the bones of Jensen, the murderer. Dr. Sutherland, of the same plaoe—a hoary-headed criminolo gist—had obtained the eanction of the authorities to such a cqurse, and as the oost would .be little or nothing, no demur was likely to be raised. Constable Williams—who really per formed the duties of the district official— was one of the oldest officers in the pay of the government. Strange to say, he hsd previously been stationed in the New Norfolk district, and was well acquainted with Jensen, Duffy, and Worrell. When the murder took place he had been one of the most active in (lie pursuit, but his energies were ologged by the sctipn of his superiors who—when they conolnded theoulprit had gone away in the whaler—praotically ceaaed all active operations. Williams held firmly to the belief from what he knew of the former that he had not left the'colony— at least, not at the time alleged—and as Jensen was not a man easily disguised, it was improbable that he had goue away at all. When the news of the skeleton find and the photo, which identified it as the missing murderer waa brought to him, he merely said, without undue elation, * I knew he would be found not far away. The fellow was the last in the world to trust himself amongst his own sort of people either on land or sea.' \- The exhumation of the remains was in a way a labour of love to the constable, and be set upon bis task with due deliberation. He was not a hasty or impulsive-man at any time, and when he reached the survey camp of course the news he heard there whetted hisappetite for more. Every word about the robbery of the food, bootB, and oTothea was taken down and a .minute description of the missing garments and footwear also attaohed. Then he set off to view the retreat in the glen, and even went so far as to make a rough sketch of the hut and its surroundings. The whole" statement about ita reoent occupation, saoli as the finding of the meat and the appearance of the ashes in the natural fireplaoe, was committed to paper, and after spending a couple of days wandering about the locality in the vain hope of doming upon some further foots that might assist him, Williams proceeded to dig up the bones, an operation whioh was most carefully carried put, and they were plaeed in the' bags. Dr. Sutherland had promised him a handsome reward if ha took care of his gruesome relies, and even without that incentive the oonitable would have done juat as well. : When the exhumation was complete, Constable Williams set off for the Mersey, and .in due time arrived there and handed over hia ghastly load to the delighted eurgeon, who had.them carried to his chamber of horrors and laid ont in state. ' Why, bless me, Williams, I'll be able to make a perfect skeleton put of this. There is scarcely a joint missing. You have done your work well,'and so must Edwards in the burial. I wonder who put the sheet of bark over him f He couldn't have done it himself before death I'm convinced, and the blacks don't Pare for that tort of thing,' said Sutherland. \- * I've wondered myself who did that good offioe for the villain. He didn't deserve much consideration from any one. He was a big hulking scoundrel over six feet in his stockings, and at all times'ready to thrash a woman. Oh 1 I. knew him, ooneluded the constable as be left the room and wended hia way across to tile pnhlio-house .where he lived, for Williams was a bachelor, and as he was quiclcly bearing sixty, likely . to remain so. One of the first persons he met in the bsr-parlour was Mike Keshan. His parly worked near the settlement, and theyofien went iuCp the village. . The two were acquainted, end after a few ' commonplaoes, Williemteaid: ■' I've just. brought those bones dl yours to Dr. Sutherland. He says his collection is nearly completed' now.-* • My bones?'answered Keenan with a* laugh, for he was'in a merry mood— mellowed by some rioh whisky. . 'Oh, j not yet, begorral The aid dootor won't: have my bones jost yet. Fill up again: there, and don't beloolrin* et the empty glasses,' , ■ - i ' You know what X mean,'returned the constable as he replenished hie glass in ; an absent-minded sort of way. • I mean ■ the bones you found ai the foot of . the big tree. Jensen, the murderer, you understand.' 'The devil, you haveI What on earth made you bring them here} 'Couldn't yon let them lie? "Oh, faith, though I always knew they couldn't lie. Nothing hiuntod oanlie quiet in the grave. Oh,, it's coming home .to me now,* oried: Keenan; plunged enddecly into deepest • melancholy,' | 1 Haunted be'jiggered. What do yon mean? -I carried^he confounded things in a oouple of bags and along the skull j over my shoulder. The bags were as harmless as a new-born babe, and they nearly made as much noise. How the bones did rattle to be euro. Now tell ns what yon mean by being haunted,' queried Williams. In a deeply impressive manner Mike Eeenan told his listener the whole story of the ghost he had seen on the night which precfd'd the break-up of the camp, and be narrated it with perfect ncouraoy and truthfnlness. He fully ooncluded that the time had arrived when others ahonld'share hissecret besides his camp mates- The bones seemed to haunt him, for after he had almost forgotten about them, np they turnagain. To the super stitious man there was something very singular and uncanny in the whole busi ness. At any rate, it damped his enjoy ment for that night, aud when Williams left him shortly after he was indulging in a sad reverie. Nest morning as the oonatable was passing Dr. Sutherland's house in a very thoughtful mood, he was hailed by the snrgeon himself. I dome here,'cried the old man. ' I want to have a chat with yon.' When Williams went over, the doctor led him into his 'specimen room,' as he called a large-aired chamber which con tained eoores of ghastly emblems of mortality. More than a dozen perfect skeleions were ranged ronnd in upright attitudes, whilst there were skulls of famous murderers, bushrangers, convicts, Ac., and weaponB which had been The instruments used iq .many an awful deed. The skeleton brought by the constable the night previous was Arranged very neatly on a table, and it wbb to this that the doctor went. ' Ton told me last night,' he began, 'that Jensen was over six feet in' height.' ' So he was six feet one or two I am quite certain. He was three or four inches taller thsn me, and I'm five feet ten inches,' quickly answered Constable Williams. ' Then this isn't Jensen's skeleton at all. You've been all barking up the wrong tree. You see there is nothing like a thorough medical examination atter all to get at facte in these cases. Many an innocent man is punished and often the guilty esoape for the want of a little intelligence and taking things for granted that shouldn't be so taken,' replied the eurgeon energetically.' ' How do you know it isn't Jensen ?' asked the constable. ' Because it is the skeleton of a very short man. In life he could not have been more than five feet five in height. Certainly not more. Now, if Jensen was six feet two; or even six feet, this cannot be his skeleton. It's as plain as the nose on yonr face.' For a few momenta the oonatable did not reply, and then be slowly said: ' I quite believe what you say.- I've learned a few things lately whioh tend to show that the authorities may be astray a eeoond time regarding Jensen. I'll make a full report of the csbb and send it on at onoe, and I'd be glad if you'd furnish me with a description of the probable sort of man the bones belonged to. I suppose it ie not that of an aboriginal r ' Oh, no. It is a white man's skeleton right enough. I'll write out my portion at once, and if you come back in half nn hour yon can have it. Good morning,' and the doctor showed the offioer out. As the latter went towards hie office his brow was contracted with puzzling thoughts. ' From what Eeenan told me last night, and the etory given by Surveyor Consi dine,' he muttered,' that scoundrel must be alive still. If eo, we'll drop across him sooner or later. I wonder if he'll risk coming hack to the settlements again. It lookB as thongh he wonld be stealing the clothes, though ho may have only wanted them as a protection against the cold and to save putting together the akins.. How came thet photo, of his with the dead body f I think old Sutherland must be doting. Another dootor ahonld be oalled in to also have an examination of the bones. If he bore out what the old man says, then of course we wonld have to believe it. There is a cine to follow np, at all events.'. The papers which Williams was going to aeud to the authorities were already arranged, and onlyaehort addendum had to be pnt in oalling attention to the con clusion arrived at by Dr. Sutherland. This, of course, he urged, was of great importance, and he concluded by saying that placing all the foots together he ventured to submit that the murderer Jensen 'was still alive and in the colony. On going over to the surgeon's place,' the dootor read ont to him the detailed description whieh he had elaborated as to the probable stature, Ao., of the man fronTwhioh the skeleton came, end he ended byeayiug: ' Don't you know—or rather, did yon ever know—a man who would answer that description I' The constable racked his brains for several momenta, and then, if by inspira tion, a thought flashed through hie mind. 'YeB, I do,' he' exolaimed. 'Tom Worrall, of New Norfolk; That is his description to a nicety. He was soarcely five feet five in height, and yon will reoollect he disappeared about the came time as Jensen. Hie partner, Dufiy, end himself were supposed to have been drowned.* ' ' Of course, I remember. Duffy's body was found a fortnight or so after being in the water, hut it was-so decomposed and mutilated,that it was impossible to -say for certain what the cause of death had been. It might have been anything from hanging to cholera. I remember it well,'-replied the eurgeon. 'There is a big mystery here to solve. Jensen and Worrall must have gone away together, and, if so, it is probable they murdered Duffy for some reason or another. Then how did Worrall 'meet hiadeatht Iaupposeyou can't tell that,' asked the constable. 'The bones are all right, but he might hkve been murdered in twenty different ways without my being able to tell. For inatanoe, if he had been stabbed to the heart or choked,Teould not tell eo unless the ribs showed signs of the knife's passage. ':I am rather inclined to believe that the man died suddenly, end not as the resnlt of wasting disease, bnt there' is a good deal of conjecture in that. However, if yon can prove that this is the body or skeleton of Worrall, and I think yon are near the mark; there Is a big field to work'in, as you ssy. He mnst have been with Jensen or in com munication with him to get the tin box and the photo. In all probability Jensen pnt the sheet of bark over him, thongh I don't see what his motive was in leaving the box beside the body,* oonolnded the doctor. ' Oh, I can see an excellent motive in that sot. If the body was ever found the likeness wonld, of oourae, come into the hands of the anthorities, who would not fail to recognise it as that of the murderer, Jensen. That would effectu ally stop ell dispute and enable the ruffian, with a little care, to ootue back to white civilisation. That point is clear enough to me. Yet the confounded fool was really too clever if that is what he has done. He has roused a sleeping dog. 80 far as the law was concerned he was dead to it, as my superiors have long since given hint up as gone. That is the way criminals generally over-reach'thera selves. Give them rope enough and they will hang themselves,' replied Williams. 1 But you forget that Jensen could not possibly know what is within your knowledge. Pot yourself in his posiiion and then plan an idea. You believe the police are still in full cry, and your desire is that they shall be thrown off the trail onoe and forever. -1 think Jensen's plan, supposing we are right in our belief, was a clever one, The only weak point in it was the improbability that the body would be found, but I daresay he knew what be was about more than we give him credit for. What is your plan now ?' asked Oonsidine. ' Just wait for instructions. I'll add my belief that the skeleton found is that of Thomas Worrall, farmer, of New Norfolk, who was supposed to have been drowned with his partner, Duffy, in the! Derwent River four years ago. That *W~~, 1 --r.lin.4 rt/tnatuhlo should rouse them up, replied Constable Williams. The same day a horseman was des-, patched to. the Tamar settlement, with the details which the reader already knows. From there it was sent on to Hobart Town, as most of the papers in' reference to the Jensen tragedy were' kept there, and it was desirable that action should be taken—if taken at all— from headquarters. Nearly a month elapsed before any reply was reoeived, and then a magistrate was despatched from the Tamar to hold an. inquiry on ' Sutherland's skeleton,' as it was known al the Mersey settlement. This bore out all that has already been narrated, and after spending two days taking evidence, a voluminous report was despatched to the capital. There was no doubt the skeleton did not belong to Jensen, and there was much proof that the bones once formed portion of Thomas Worrall's body. ThiB was the gist of the report, though it was hinted that there was presumptive evidence that Jensen was still alive. Eeenan's vision wss trotted out and made to good service, for it was shown by Constable Williams that the outlaw would be moat anxious to know if the tin box and its contents had been found by those who had dis covered the skeleton and buried it. Amongst other faota which were brought out was one contained in the evidence of Graham, the cook of Con aidine's camp. This was the disappear ance of a copy of the Hobart Town Mercury, having o lengthy account of the finding of the murderer Jensen'askeleton. This must have been taken on the .same occasion as the clothes, and no one bnt Williams eeemed to see its.importance. ' If Jensen took it,* he argued with himself, ' he must have. become aware that his stratagem bad worked, and not fearing the police, ho would make his way back to settlement as quickly as possible. Having the ordinary civilian's clothes which lie had stolen from the 'camp, there would be nothing to prevent him making a start at once, and that is doubtless what he did. Had he remained two days longer at his haunt in the glen he would likely have been captured, as Mesley found the plaoe within forty-eight hours of the robbery. The devil's children have the devil's luck,' concluded the constable, and his soliloquy ended, he proceeded about his routine business. In a fortnight's time word came that the former reward of £260 offered for the apprehension, desd or alive, of Carl Jensen, for the murder of his wife, &c.;, had been doubled, but from the half hearted .way in which the authorities took the matter up, it was patent that they really did not believe themselves that there was muoh likelihood of securing the criminal. It was on the 27th August, 1846, that the people of the little Mersey settlement were shocked by the news that OonBtable Williams had been brutally mnrdered within fifty yards of the public-house at which he lived. A knife had been the instrument used, end, strange to say, the knife whioh had been left sticking in the body of the dead man was quickly identified as belonging to an assigned servant of the licensee of the pablic hoase, who was also a rather large farmer in the district. The article could not be mistaken, for a score of people oonld testify that it belonged to John Sonthey, the name of the assigm d Ser vant. Moat damning of all, however, was the faot that considerable ill-will was known to exist between the dead man and John Southey. The latter was* person much above the ordinary stamp of assigned convict servants, nnd on more than one oocaBion the-constable had most offen sively-asserted his authority apparently for the simple purpose of showing the tremendous difference between an as signed servant and a petty constable. This was resented by the former, and at length Williams need his authority 'to such effect that Sonthey was arrested and received twenty-five lashes. His master, the publican, actively aided with Williams, for the constable was his boarder, and, in faot, his best customer. Aa his pooket was affected, it was little wonder the unfortunate Southey wentto the wall. The conviot bore deadly enmity to the oonstable after the flogging, and lie did not take the pains even to oonceal it. He openly avowed that if ever he was in a position to meet-the oonstable face to face <m#,.«r other of them wonld go dowp.'p This wsb an un fortunate and reokleW%jsy of speaking, and when the muroeritd rnbnstable waa found with Southey's knife piercing his heart it waa not to be wondqred at that all the people at once directed their at tention to Southey as being the actual mntderer, and two honra after the dis covery of the body Sonthey was arrested. In fact, before the formality of Hie inquest bad been gone through. To Bb Ooscltobd. 