[?] CHAPTER VI. I rnn, I sliull cool down boforo Hj wo get home, diull'.LSjliu took oil her liat to use it as a fau. « Besides, nothing ever makes any difference to mo.: I shall ..never he anything hut brown asu gipsy, and tlu: mater knows that by this time, bless her. I wonder what she would give to undow mo witli her own complexion, though?' . Her "'father patted the little brown liand which had found its way .into his own broad palm but did not reply ; his eyes were fixed upon the rolling expanse of the moor, spread out like somo liugo gorgeous picture,: and -.'-perhaps ho did not hear.,;. Patty this mor ning wore her hair drawn back and tied ,wi th a ribbon, and stream ing down in a mass of loose wa- . ves and largo heavy curls. Lady Carew had of Into protested against such u style, and nearly always in the evening it wns piled upon the owner's head in a fash- ion as near tho prevailing one as its length and, thickness allowed of ; but Sir Gcovge liked to sco it as it was now, and Tatty her self preferred it so for the all- sufficient reason that it was 110 trouble to "do." One long lock had fallen over licr shoulder and lay straggling iii her lap. She took it up and began to twist a shining black bracelet about her wrist. 'It's too bad (hat- I haven't it yon. know, dad, because wo are both of opinion (hut it is quite tho most lovely complexion that ever was seen. Don't you recol lect thatjjviciousMra. Marchmont and licr two yellow-skinned gills — how the- spiteful tilings were forever hinting that she painted, and insinuating how vory peculiar it was that I had not a bit of the sumo sort of colouriug ? My beautiful darling mater paint! what next? Those thrco Marcli- mouts were just two-legged eats.' She- twisted tho bracelet again, and then glanced upward with a laugh. ' Yes, it is too bud that I haven't it, but. .then you have treated me finite, as badlv. sir! "Whore arc the blue eyes that you ought to have bestowed upon me, pray? Ah,' — and she sighed ex travagantly — 'wha:u ravishingly lovely creature I should have been if my parents had only done their duly !>v me !' Sir George, still staring at tho prospect, calmly smoked on. If her pretty nonsense had been heard it could not have reached his other senses, his expression was so blank and fixed. Patty, after a little move' fanning, shook her wrist free of its hair bracelet and rose, h auing 011 his shoulder and following, or trying to follow, his eyes. 'I've recovered my breath now — but 110 more racing for me, thanks. Gut up, lazy !' — this to her cousin, with a stimulating poke of her little foot: 'Ilnvc you gone to sleep, dad ? Is there anything over there?' ' Over where, my iear?' lie roused himself with a start, and looked at her confusedly. 'There, where you havo boon looking. Is it smoke, 01 just a hazy hit of white cloud ?' 'Smoke, rlmt is,' Charley de cisively struck in, rolling over on ' to his side and then slowly strug gling to his feet. ' How hot it is 1 Should have boon dozing in anothev.niiuute,' he said, stretch ing his, arms w itli a yawn. ' 'Y es that's smoke right enough ; look how it .goes circling up. Too. low for ii\elmul, .and beside; there isn't the ghost of one to bo soon any where else. . Never saw sucli ai sky—al liicsPluxits Naples. :I should say there's a houscthcro— shouldn't you,' undo?— only we are too low dowr. to sco it.' : x -'Eh? .. -.Yes, very -likely,' Sir Gcovge answered absently. He had risen now, and was slowly knocking the ashes . of his, pipo . out upon tho > grass of tho little -mound. 'A house ?' Patty echoed. 'Oh,' sllo-.cnod, , with, sudden animation, 'daiijpf-Jiovoiit.Jmusit'- ho Eyo- orpft. Yes— it. must he. --"We havo comoyprosswnys over the moor, arid it was crosswnys that Mr; j Ru t laud ' d ro ve- Lucinda arid md I romcriibw' ono groat rise \- and dip in tho. grmind, and thoy niiist bo just- boforo us. -Thon there eamesa no 1 1) cr. rise, an d on that stands llyecioft.; She hasti- ly put ;ou her hat. ' There's plenty of time,' sli'o said eagerly. ' Lot us go, dad, now wo aro so near, and pay Mr. Rutland the visit; wb; owe him. Come and see tho hall that looks as though "it might have como out of King Lear's castle, aud tho giant table and chairs,' --.7 Sir .Goorgo hesitated, glancing with a smile at tho dark eyes and rosy eager fane. Had His wife boon present tho proceeding would certiiiuly havo boon vetoed at onco ; hut did not Miss Gray say that Patty always did what sho liked with licr father— whenever her mother was not theic? The dark eyes won tho day, tlicir owner judiciously strengthening their appeal by tho declaration that sho was dreadfully thirsty. Sir George, after a protest or two, found himself heading for llyecroft, quite helpless, hut feel ing with a touch of discomfiture, that his wifo would hardly approve of tho prooeeding. 1 For ho had more than onco gi von n hint about the noto of acknowledgement and invitation whioli it would only bo right to send to Garth Rutland and somehow it hud . uot boon written yet. llyecroft, so massive and soli tary, looked ! in tho light of the golden sunshine even nioro an cient and gray, stronger aud more cnstlc-liko than it had looked in the gathering gloom of twilight. No one was visible, but the groat door, standing deep in tho shadow of tho porch between tho two fautastio weather-beaten griffins, was open, as it had boon when Patty had first aeon it. Over it, cut rudely into the rough surface of the granite, were the lialf- do- faced old English letters which spelled out tho nnmobf Garth Rutland, and beneath them was the data — 13-19, Patty had stopped, and, with licr hand upraised, was pointing out tho iuscription to her father, wlicu the door suddenly opened a littlo wider, and revealed tho fig ure of the present owner of the name, who for the moment liter ally stood stockstill with ostouish- rneut at tho sight of those unex pected invaders of llyecroft. It nt nnlv for n moment did lie so stand; the following minute Patty's hand was iu his, though whether he or she wns responsible for the impulsive movement is doubtful, Tlion in a maimer that was only tho prettier for being a little fluttered and shy, she pre sented licr futlicr anil cousin to licr rescuer of a foiv nights bo foro, nnd so, in a few minutes tlicy were all in the great shado wy hall, aud she was delightedly pointing out the articles which had so taksn licr fancy — tho great Bluudorbore's table and chairs. ' I don't kuow whether ho litis any move furniture, dad, but, if so, I havo not seen it 1 The other night I was rather disappointed that I had not his knife rind fork to eat my supper with. ' Now toll me— (lid you over sco. such great enormous things ?' 'They aro certainly vory mas sive, and they match their sot ting,' Sir George raid admiringly, looking from tho stouo floor to tho oak-panelled walls, aud from them to tho lofty groined roof, where a great alarm bell hung mysteriously pendant in the gloom. A liand-olasp and a few cordial words had already passed between himself and his host — ho thanked him heartily for having taken care of his 'littlo girl' here —and there had been no exhibition of tlmt formality ' which would most likely havo manifested itself had Lady Curew been of tho par ty. ,- Now, in response to .a .gesture of invitation, tho Baronet took his, scat in ono of the giantckai'rs, filling its .great broad 6eat aud wide arms with his big handsomo figure. I'm inclined to wish,' Mr. Rutland,' ho said, smiling,' that niy littlo girl hud boon. on. the right road: tho other day, and had found tho real Caphcaton. I could envy you Ryecroi't.' ... Tho words, spoken in all honest triith nnd siinplicity— for not even to her fathor, her friend and. con fident-, to -whom she told utmost everything, things wliioh were not confessed to lior mother, had Patty whispered a word of tho intense lovqaud prido its owner had for , Hyi-oroft — wcro of Tall othero the words to .touoh Garth Rutland in his weakest spot, He could not help— could not haVe done so had lie desired it — -res ponding warmly to tho cordiality of tho handsome kindly man who had cuvicd him his anoiout home stead, to whom every stone in its massive walls was dear, aud who — yes, who was tho fathor of dark-oyod Patty! Perhaps ho was a little diffuse on his favour ite topio, .which was natural and excusable; and tho Baronet, good- humoured and interested, listened attentively ; and Patty also lis tened, ploasod that lie was pleas ed, though ruthor fearing some republican outbreak of sentiment which would bo a little discon certing if it came ; while Charley "mooned about," as ho said after wards, and utterly and hopelessly bored at tho end of five minutes — so much borod indeed that ho remonstrated presently, in spite of tho frown and shako of the head which his cousin guvo him as sho poured out a second glass from trie tall pitcher of milk which had boon brought iu by the yellow-haired Lyddy. .' I say, 'uncle George, oughtn't wo to bo off ? Timo's getting on, and -aunt AUco will bo wondering what has become of us. You know how nervous she is — she'll bo fancying we have lost our way or something 1' Thoughtful nephew 1 Lady Carow, accustomed to endless consideration as she was, would havo bccu astonished at this out burst. Houest Sir Georgo accep ted it in good faith ; tho merest mention of bis wife was enough to make him glance at his watch and get out of the giaut chair. 'It is later than I thought;' he said; 'arid it will be as much as wo can do to get homo by lunchoou-tinio !' IIo looked at his host. ' Somo othor time,' ho said cordially, ' I shall hopo to have tho pleasure of going over llyecroft. But instead of our ronitiining now, Mr. Rutland, will you if you havo tho.timo to spare, walk back with us to Cap hcaton and let me present you to my wife ? . Sho will be pleased to nmko your acquaintance, and glad to haye tho opportunity of thanking you on behalf of Miss Patty hero and bur friend Miss Guu.i. Como.' said Sir Goorire more cordially, yot aware of some slight constraint which had appeared in the manner of his host, and giving his shoulder a hearty pat with his large hand — ' wo ought to bo good friends, you kuow, my dear follow— I said so to Lady Carow — not only because wo aro near neighbours — " near" for Yorksbiro, that is — eli, Putty kins? — though that counts for something — but be cause wo may reully claim you as a sort of relatiou ; though, uutil my little girl told me, I had no idea that my old uncle Batch bad ever had a godsou to boast of !', 'You arc very kind, sir; but I can hardly thrust myself upon 011 tho strength of that, I think,' Garth answered. Tho air of constraint was pain fully visible iu spito of the hearty words; against his wish and will his tone was stiff and dry. Putty, chancing to meet his eyes, flushed as brilliantly as she had done after her race, for she recalled how ho had looked and how slio had felt, when she said to him, so cruelly and stupidly, And yet you are poor 1' 'Oh, well, we'll let that. go, and at any rate prove ourselves good friends and neighbours, I hopo !' Sir George raid cheerfully, a trifle puzzled but declining to be checked. ' You'll come, over with us, of course? That's right ! My wife will be delighted I Ono of theso days you must ask licr to look over this splendid old place of yours ; she has an extra ordinary taste for anything of tho kind — iu fact, for everything ancient. The carving on that mantelpiece, for instance— she sketches that sort of thing capi tally. Now, Patty, littlo woman — nro you ready ? "We must not keep your- mother waiting.' CHAPTER VIII. Sir George with Patty and Mr. Hutland did, after all, keep Lady Carow waiting for luncheon. Perhaps tho roughness of tho moor rendered fast walking im possible, or they talked too much, or Miss 'Patty was tired. At any rato for one of these -reasons, or for all three combined, they were a good timo getting over tho two miles Qr so to Oaphoaton. Lady Carew hud been standing by tho window of 'ho dining- room for quite ton minutes,' when sho lionrd the sound of approach ing voices, and saw the four figures turn, into a path which iod up to tho front entranoe. She, looked and lookhd again before turning/ with u'rfusual imporious- noss of tone and expression, to little Miss Gunn, . 'Sir Goorgo is bringing jsome one with him, Lucinda — that is why thoy are So Into, I suppose ! Who con it be? Do ooiqe and see 1' 'Bringing somo one ?' Lucinda, briskly alert on tho instant, was already peeping with lior bright bird-liko eyes.over lior ladyship's shoulder," which was just about as much as tho tiny woman could do. ' Oh,' she" said, with a touoh of dryness, 'yes— I seo! That is oqr vesouor of (he other even ing. Lady Carow— Mr. Hutland.' That Lady Carow 'instantly suspected as much her face indi cated — indeed, had she not so suspected, why should she have uttered so quick an appeal to little Miss Gunn ? From the ex pression of her face it did not appear that she would be so charmodas her husband had pre dicted to receive the young man. But the look of annoyance lasted only for a moment — eyes less shrewd than Luciuda's might havo failed to sco it altogether, but there was littlo that missed the kcou scrutiny of Miss Gunn. Lady Carow turned again to tho Window, and'her face resumed its usual placid expression. 'They must either have met Mr. Hutland, or havo called in at Rycoroft, I suppose,' sho said pleasantly. ' It'is quite as well, for really I was rather remiss in not sending him a noto or ac knowledging in- some wayj, his kindness to you' both tho other day, my dear. Ho seems to havo behaved very -nicely. Sir Georgo is bringing him in for luncheon, of course. What a pity that wn havn't tint little Major hero too ! He had so much to -say about Byecroft and its concerns tbo other day, you , -remember ; evi dently ho is very, fond of Mr. T» .i1 1 1 Oil ' ' - .1211 AUUUQQ. OUB. jWUb SUU WULUU- ing the approaching group atten tively, aware that tho long cur tain's screened her figure. ' Really ho scums a very handsome follow, Lucinda!' (to be continued.) 