QUliEXSLAKl) KUtiBY KOTKS. (BY 'PHOENIX.') ?? ' ?'?.'?' BRISBANE, '. July 18. ; ; Tluj final matches for the premiership in the Senior competition . were played this afternoon. The weather was beautifully tuie, though early in the. afternoon the sun's rays reminded one of a summer day. The attendance of the public at this season's matches has been exceptionally large, but to-day's fashionable gathering at the Ruguy Union Ground quite eclipsed all previous records. On No. 1 Ground City opposed Past Grammar Schools, and this fixture naturally attracted the greatest attention, as upon its result depended Ihe premiership. The City were slightly the fa vorites, although the light blues had many cou lldent supporters. Had the former been fortunate enough to win to-day's match, a final would have beeu played on the return of the representative team from Sydnev. As it turned out, this was not to be, for the light blues played a winning game from the start, and although they certainly did not run up a great score, their individual and combined play proved them to-day well ahead at all points of the hitherto invincible City team. Yet it should not be inferred that the play of last year's premiers was below Its usual standard. On the contrary, their comulned efforts Were dis tinctly brilliant in both defence and attack while Evans' fine runs and M!Calluin's grand defensive play were features of the match. Currio certainly d|d not play up to form, his ankle apparently still giving him trouble. The greater part of the se cond spell was played without Tanner, who retired owing tman injury to a rib, and his loss was greatly Bit 'by the red and blacks. Past Grammar Schools played their usual team with the exception of Nelson, who, owing to last Saturday's injury, has probably s»en his last match for some time to conic at any rate. The first Bpell was for the major portion of the play confined to City- territory, the light blues quite excelling themselves i.y. their all-round dis play. But for1 the splendid' defensive 'play of City the Past. Grammar Schools looked like scoring heavily. As It was, City saved .on three occa sions. A long Kick hy the School was mulled by City, and lliiland, who followed up well, seized the opportunity; and galloped over at the grand stand corner. M'Cowan tried Inr goal, but failed. A good rally by City took the play to half-way, where Kvans intercepted a School's pass, and made a nugnillcent ran clean through his opponents; mid 'scored a try, which Austin failed to convert. KviuiB was heartily cheered for Ids grand run. Half-time sounded with' the score 3 all. The second half again saw the light blues at tacking in great style. A pretty passing rush enabled M'Cowan to secure, nnd after a strong run he grounded the hall over the City line, with M'Calluin on top of him. A neat kick by M'Cowan addedthe two points, and the cheers were deafen ing. A good run b.v Corfe almost immediately fol lowed, and he should have scored, but lost the ball over the line, and City saved. Just before time the same player repeated the performance; this time with more success, as a try resulted. Scan- made a good kick for goal, but just missed. The whistle sounded shortly after this, leaving the Past Grammar Schools winners by 11 to 3, and also winners 'of tho premiership and gold medals for 1S9S. For the Past Grammar Schools Callan was safe at full hack, and did not. make a mistake. M'Cowan and Oxciihiini were Ihe best of the three quarter line, the former being in great, fettle. Real ami Taylor Hindered good service at half, while Corfe, Scarr, Roland, llarrlcks. and Hart were the pick of a good pack. For City, M'Cal lum, Evans, M'Dcrmnft, Henry, nnd Cunio (backs) and Austin, Tanner, Craig, nnd Lamb (forwards) played best. Mr. A. Faulkner was an impartial referee. On No. 2 Ground a battle royal was fought out by the Boomerang and Mllduia Clubs. Neither club had a possible chance of securing the pre miership owing to the number of deleats received, but additional interest was lent to the occasion by reason of the fact that the losers of this fix ture would fill the bottom position on the list. Hence, the play was exceeding!)- 'willing' throughout, and at half-time Boomerang were leading by 3 to nil, the result of a try by Culfe alter u smart run. The second half was fairly even, but tho play was not llrst-class by any moans. C. Colton and JI. Oolton secured tries, one being converted bv 'r. Colton, the Milduras thus winning by S points to 3. Mr. R. Brown was The .selection of the rupre^nlativc team has given considerable trouble to i.!ie sole selector, Mr. I.ea. For various rcasons'TiSW of the player, originally selected are unable I o visit Sydney, and several places have thus been filled by player.1 who otherwise had not a ghost of a claim for re prcsentative honors. After a lot' of chopping and changing, the team as at present constituted is as follows, though it is still possible that- one or two further alterations will take . place before Wednesday next, the date of thejr departure:— Full back, P. Callan; three- quarters, Oxcnham, Jl'Cowau,' Evans and N. Colton; halves, A. Henry, Curric, and Lissnor; forwards, Scan-, W. II. Aus tin, Carew, Tanner, A. Colton, T. Colton, h. Lamb, A. Morrisby, J. Bradshaw. and F. Craig. The team cannot by any means be considered a strong one. and with Jl'Caliuiii, lloland, Corfe, llarricks, Gralton, Bennett, Nelson, and Doyle ex cluded, it would bo sheer nonsense to style it a representative team. 1 heartily sympathise with Mr. Lea, who has done his nest' with the material available. One thing is certain, and that is time the present trouble will effectually stop clubs from making trips in future, prior to the inter colonial llxlurcs, for had the Past Grammar Schools not recently visited Sydney, four or live of Queensland's best forwards, who are now un able to get the second leave of absence, would be ''juv'jia'urice1 Baldwin! the popular secretary of the City Club, has been appointed manager, of the Queensland team. The Referees' Association trouble seems is far from settlement as ever. The various clubs have taken this year to objecting to certain referees— one in particular— without giving any reasons, and plead thai under law X the 'umpire' must be mutually agreed upon.' This is doubtless a very good law, but there surely should he some reason for objecting lo an umpire, and the Rugby Union executive should be in a position to say whether the objection is in order or not. and in their wis dom change the rt-leree or insist upon bis acting, as they consider right. Something of this sort will have to lie done, for at least one recent ob jection was atenluioly groundless. ? The foilnwine table will show the nosition of clubs in the Senior premiership competition, which was concluded to-day. . . !' Tliu Hoomeninir tojnn Icnve on M'cdncsunv for the Central district. They play at. Lnke Crook tKockhampton), and three matches at Mount Mor gan, and expect to be away for -about w fort night. . . :.- -..?;.:,-? -.': BRISBANE SENIOR PREMIERSHIP. : ' ? ' ' ' foiiits. ? ' . W. VvY Ii. T-. V. A', rts. ' P.G. Schools ;. n . I! : 0 0 113 '. 20 .? 12 Oily ...? ... 0 4 2 .0 . r,i .23 8 :Mllilnrn; ? fi 1 4 1 11 71 :i Boomerang ... IS 0 5 . 1 15 , 77 1 