HIS ON LY CASE. We were in Murkhnm'n ' snug,' a little room to which he was accustomed to retire 'to coo!,'1 as lie expressed it, in mich odd minutes as a heavy home- prnetice in medicine left him. Netberby, a surgeon from lower down the street, had dropped in at ten o'clock to smoke :i friendly pipe with Markhain and me and-to chut ovr-r professional to]iics, as was our custom. Mnrkhnm was /jroat ni; reminiscences and struck out upon them :is sor.n ;i:- Nethcrby, drawing bis nonti tails sentc-ntiously about him, bad settled down into tins doctor's nicker chair. Wo smoked on in doferentitil silence until Markhnm had finished. ' Well!' said Notherby, with n long pull ab bis pipe. ' I'm not much at ' experiences, ' but I had one job out there near San Francisco that has nlway?-. been on my mind.' ' Wlmt wns it?' asked Mnrkhnm in his abrupt way, turning :i pnir of piercing litllo grey eyes on Netherby. ' It occurred nearly twenty years ago, before 1 settled down,' snid Netherby, removing his pipo and throwing his head back into a lefleetivo attitude. ' 1 had had n few turns nt sea as surgeon on a North Amnriciinsfteimcr, but through a hothor I had with the chief officer f dropped it at the end of a voyage out. I left her nt Frisco i»nd went on a. ramblo inland. I bad no definite plan, but I thought it would he worth while taking a turn round the mining district. I hnd gone through surgery, nnd thought, being an Englishman, thero might be a chance about some of tho mining settlements. Lots of work for a saw-bones about thorei' said Netherby, with a significant nod. ' Did you get any ? ' asked Markham, sharply again. ' Ono case — just one. And I didn't like it. It wasn't in my branch at all,' Netherby replifd, Irowning at the recollection. ' I dropped on a little mining place in the hills,' he continued. 'It was about a hundred miles east of San 1'rancisco. Isomehow fancied the place, so I stayed there prospectiug abont two months. In three weeks 1 knew everyone in it worth knowing. They wero nn deferential as you please, learning that I wns an English surgeon, so I got on well with them. 'I stopped at the principal store in the town, the keeper of which was a sharp and shrewd YnnkBe, but about as good-natured as they make 'em. 'Ono night after I hnd gone to led I heard a loud knocking at the outer door. Then there were voices. I could bear the storekeeper spenkingnharply to someoneabout coming nt that late hour. In a minute I heard him approach ing my room, He called out to learn whether 1 was awake, and on my answering him, told me that one of the ' bosses ' of a mine outside of tho town had come to see if I would go to a man who was dying. There had been a fall of stone in tbo workings, and the man was badly injured. A doctor of some kind was with him, but the man had begged that they would bring an Englishman to him as he had something important to sajr. Tho ' boss ' thought he wanted to make a confession, and 'for some reason would only make it to an 'Englishman. Yoo- see, I was not wanted pro fessionally, so at first I declined to go. The storekeeper argued the matter with me, saying 'it would look bad if it got known that I had irefuscd to go and hear a dyiug man's confes sion. So I got up and dressed and joined the ' boss,' and told him to lead the way. ' He led me along the solitary main street of the place, and then struck out for the hills. I had not the. ghost of an idea where we were .going, and as the night was dark Ht was impossible to note tbe way. I -tried to get my companion to talk, ^but after one or two vague replies to my remarks .'I left him alone. He ; was either stupidly sullen or so concerned .about the man that he wiis unable to converse' lucidly. 0 , 'We must have walked for nearly bill f-an 'hour when my ? guide ' gripped my right wrist and turned me eh.irply round, with a curt, .'Kem this way !'' Still holding my wrist he walked a few paces and then stopped. I could see that we were by a low building. Going on again my guide led me slowly round the place until we reached a door on tho further side. It was partly open, ind I could discern a dim light within. ' Hyar we nir,' exclaimed my companion pushiug the heavy door open. ' Hyar's the Engleesh surgeon, mebbe 'oil du for yer.' 'It was a mining hut of the roughest descrip tion. A small lamp was burning on a kind of mantle-shelf, nnd giving just sufficient light to make the place miserably dim and weird. A man in the garb of a miner was sitting on a rough stool by a low couch, a bed upon which I could discern a human form. ' Heaw es it now, Joae ?' asked my com panion. ?Bad I' answered the watcher, bendiug forward to look at the face of the injured man. My guide knelt down by the couch. 'Neil! Hynr's the Engleesh doctor. 'E'es come t' hyar what yer/n t' say. Can yer talk t'm?' 'I had grown accustomed to the gloom, and could discern a face of deathly, paleness at the raised end of tbe.coneh. As I watched it tbe eyes opened. ' Leave 'ira with me — leave us alone,' said a faint voice. ' Kem on, Jose. Let's gew out. Leave tho doctor with 'im a bit. Kem on 1' said my com panion, tutting hold of the watcher's arm. 'The man slowly rose and left the cabin with my guide. 1 heard the pondeious door grate as they closed it behind them, and knew that 1 was alone with the dying man. ' Can' I ilo. anything for you ?' I asked, bending over to obtain a better view of him. ' Draw that stool up and sit down by me,' be replied -in a low voice. ' Let me examine you first,' I said, feeling his right shoulder. ' No, no, not that,' ho said teftily. 'You can't do me any good that way. 1 want you to listen.' - ? 'I will,' I replied. 'Goon..' ' Are you an Englishman ?' he asked, turn ing his glassy eyes on my face. ' Yes, ' I replied again. 'Then listen. This is a dying man's confes sion. My name's Frank Mi.theson. I was adiver. I was doing very well. Me and my mite, Tom Thornley, 'ad been at it for years, We were liko brothers. .Sometimes ho went down and some times me. We were all right until the girl came, Kate .Tacobson her name was. Sho wns my girl, I loved her with all my life. 1 was happy, so happy until Tom played me falpe He niade pretence of friendship to Kate, for old acquaintance sake, he said, but I saw how it wan going, Ho was making love to her. Ho took her from me— my Kate that I would huvo died a hundred times for— took he.r from me. Aud she left me for him. I was liko ono dead. Everything chunged. All the hope went out of me. I was miserable, and wished I was dead. And he,^ my old mate, Tom Thornley, had done it— played me falBO. How I hated him ! We were mating still, diving together just as before. And they were to be married — Tom and my Katie to be married.. I was mad— mad for ho had played mo false. He had stolen rr.y love. She was my Katie. I won her— honourably ; he deceived me — tricked mo. Oh, how I hated him ! I wanted to kill him, for hadn't ho killed my hope — my life. It was all gone. Ah! I remember.' ' The rnau closed his eyes and stopped,' said Nrlhorby. 'I save that hohad not finished his narrative, so I said gently, ' Have you nothing more to tell mo'r' In a minute the eyes opened again. Thoy wero quite wild and glaring.' ' Yes,' be gasped. ' They were to bn married — my Ktitie and him — married. Bui 1 spoiled it. We wens diving at the old Merlin on a night-tide, tt was Tom's turn to go down. I hud to (screw him up and pump tor him. Ho went down. I thought (if them, married, him and my Kntie. I was rand, and I did it. I kept on turning the wheel, madly, gloatingly. I knew Tom was getting no air. We got him up, dead. I killed him. Killed him, for be ntole my Katie. ' Then, I couldn't bear to look on her face. I thought she could read murder on my brow. The form of Tom haunted me. 1 couldn't beux to be at the old place or to touch the pump or the ;;eiU' again. I daren't have cone down in that dress again For the norld. I would Imve met him down there just as he died. I rnn from the country. Now it's all over : I can die. You've beard everything. Leave me — leave mo in peace.' ' His oyes closed and his head fell over help lessly to his left nido. Ho had spent himself upon his nnrrRtfvo. I stepped softly to the door and partly opeuod it. The. uoi«e brought back my guide and Joso. I learned from them that the man was b.idly crushed about the lower part of his body and that the mine doctor hail told them ho would not live through the night, but that be would come hack and see him. Finding ho«r nfiirly ho was gone, I did not attempt to touch him, especially as I had not been nnked to render nny professional service. ' My guide conducted mo. back to tho town over the same unknown way we bad travelled to the cabin. Promising to let me know how tho man wont on, ho left me by the store at which I was lodging. Before I ro^e in the morning the store-keeper came to my mom with the infor mation that thn man I had visited was dead. 'You are the only living creatures whoever heard his story from my lips,' said Netherby knocking I he ash out of his pipo and rising to go homo. 