A LEGEND OF 'I'ol WV.ATTLE UiOL O.YI. By EDITH E. BOWDEN. Long ago-so long ago that we have no written history of the famous deeds that were done, and only fragments of the soul-stirring songs that were passed from generation to generation, the names of their braves and bards being now only faint memories or altogether passed into oblivion-there dwelt on the banks of the river named after their first and greatest chief, the descendants of the children of Huon. This tribe, though numerically the smallest in the country, yet held domi nion over a number of tribes, having indeed absorbed into itself many of the v weaker ones. Chief among these were the Corinnas, a neighbouring and at first triendly tribe. They had, however, come under the displeasure of the Huons. because of their easy and in solent familiarity with the Huon chief. The hot- headed Huons, quick to avenge any slight, made up their minds toseverely punish the Corinna. Making a sudden onslaught in the grey dawn of a summer morning, they fell upon the Corinna, killed some of their men, and carried off many of the women and children to their own camp. From this time there was ' war to the knife be tween the two tribes, until at last the Corinia, weakened by continual fights, became an easy prey to the warlike Huons, and were absorbed into the stronger tribe. So secretive were they that the neigh bouring tribes had not been able at any time to find out their fighting strength, nor had they dared to enter their t" encampment by any of the secret paths so jealiously guarded by the Huon watchmen. Lying as it did in a sort of basin among the hills, and fronting the river, whose banks here were about forty feet high, their position wss almost impregnable. d At the time of which I am writing, the Huons had just gained a most signal victory over a somewhat powerfu! tribe near them, and were celebrating their triumph in true 'corroboree' fashion. The bones of their bodies were out lined in white clay, their ankles, knees and wrists being adorned with dried gumleaves, which rustled as they moved. \- With the lurid glow of the fire upon them they formed a most ghostly com d pany, only, unlike ghosts they were any thing but silent. After circling slowly ' round the fire for some minutes, one of their number commenced a weird kind of chant in a very low voice, in which the others joined ; after a time it became louder, the pace of the dance increasing with the tone, the chanting being occasionally interspersed by sudden gruntings, which gave the melody a most peculiar effect. They carried pieces of dry wood in their hands, which they struck together, with a sharp e ringing sound. The women sat on one is side of the fire with their opossum- skin 0 rugs stretched tightly across their knees and beating on its drum-like surface kept time with the clacking of the pieces of wood carried by the men. If any of the warriors engaged in the dance had been watching closely, he would have saen, crouching in the shade of a huge gum tree, which stood just outside the circle of light thrown by the fire, a small figure, which now and again advanced timidly towards the , light, and then drew back quickly into a the friendly shadow, as though fearful t of being noticed. Growing bolder as the noise increased, the figure crept further into the light with a peculiar l+ sinuous motion, until he arrived un noticed just at the edge of the crowd gathered to watch the ceremony. Suddenly one of the women (as though conscious of some presence near her) \- turning quickly, and, catching sight of the strange-looking figure, uttered a quick, frightened cry ; hearing which others turned and instantly shrank back, till at last, in the full glow of the fire, was seen one of the strangest beings. The small, misshapen, pain-twisted p body was not bigger than that of a t child of ten, while the thin, pinched face was only redeemed from absolute ugliness by the large dark eyes which t had that expression of pleading wistful d ness common to most dumb animals. e On all sides were heard half-frightened whispers of 'The spirit child I the spirit child of Corinna I' The warriors, notic ing the disturbance stopped their sing ing, casting angry looks at the innocent intruder, who finding himself thus brought under the public gaze, quickly made his escape into the sheltering darkness. The blacks, with the deep-rooted superstition peculiar to all ignorant I races, thought that the strange-looking e child who had lived for so long amongst 1 Sthem without uttering a sound, must be the abode of some spinrit, either one of those who inhabited the rivers and forests of the country, or else that of some long-dead member of the tribe; hence the fear and distrust with which they regarded hinm. The child, lying close to one of the huts, could only get glimpses of the revelry. After a timne most of the braves, being tired out with their exer tions of the night and the previous day's fighting, retired to their huts, or threw 1 themselves on the ground near the fire. I SThe only exceptions were a few old cronies, who gathered together and gravely discussed the atfairs of the tribe. Taking advantage of theirabsorbedness he crept stealthily nearer, and lay a little behind them, listening intently .to all tlat was going on. Their next morve menls having been duly talked overand decided upon, they began to criticise the evening's perforoance with its sudden interruption ; from the spirit-child him self the transition was easy to the old firest legends and the wonders worked by the spi is in the days when the world was young. This partofthecon d versation was carried on in low whispers for fear that some evil splrit night hear a and make use of their words against y them. so that the child had to creep a b little nearer in order to hear distinctly. tl Most of the tales dealt with the origin of certain well known Ilirds andanimals q which frequented that part of the 1 country ; one, however, toid by the old chief attracted his fancy by its strange- c< ness and air of mystery. at It ran somewhat as follows :-' Long ti ago, when the w-orld began, the Great 1T Spitit planted a wonderful tree whose th leaves were lined with the light that mi came from the moon, and when the sun w rose upor it, the tips of the tig~s burst tii forth into hrighlt yellow balls, which were ! bi soft as the sorest down, and gave forth a a the faint, sweet odour of honey. \Vhio- di ever was brave enough to climb the i?pe tree at night and pluck the topmost is blossoms should be gifted with the golden gift of song aboveand beyond that of other mortals.' And the old chief told sadly that though the tree had multiplied and was now widely scattered through the country yet no one had ever been, found. brave f enough to attempt to gain the gift ; and, sighing heavily, the old man rose and went to his hut to rest. Some minutes after, those who had been left followed r his example. The child crept nearer the fire, and lay there for some time, t thinking over the story he had just heard f until at last grown weary he too fell asleep, and silence lay over the camp. He was awakened at dayhreak by someone rolling over him, and, starting saw the laughing face of little Miasu, his friend and companion, the only creature in the camp who ever spoke to or took t any notice of him. Masu appeared to be much amused at his friend's sleepy looks, every now and then rolling over and over him in convulsions of merri ment, and shouting, ' Wake up, wake up, sleepy one.' The child well remembered how one day, when he lay crying from hunger, he had felt something tpuch him, and, I looking up, saw a tiny toddler, who,'with his fingers trust in his mouth, stared I solemnly at him. Presently the fingers came out, and a very wet hand gently patted his cheek ; the child smiled, little Masu chuckled in his baby fashion. and sitting on the ground, waited for-him to make further advances. When,half an hour after, his mother came to look for him, to her intense horror she found him asleep in the arms of the Spirit child. From that time the two had been almost inseparable. Masu soon learnt to fly to his friend, for protection whenever his love of mischief and teasing got him into trouble with his playfellows ; for then no one dared to touch him. During all the day while he played with AMasu, scraps of the story he had heard would keep coming into his thoughts. How he wished he could speak as other people did ; but despite the greatest effort on his part, no sound ever came from his lips; and as for singing like the birds that he heard in the early morning, that was a happiness altogether beyond his wildest dreams. That night, however, as he lay by the camp fire, thinking it all over, he sud denly made up his mind that he would go to the golden tree and gather its blossoms. He knew there was one some little distanceup-stream, for he had seen it from the river bank. He would not take Malsu with him, for he was afraid of the dark and the evil spirits lurking in the shadows, but as he him self was a spirit child they could have no power over him to hurt him; per haps they might even help him. So, lying on his back, he quietly watched the stars till the first faint streak of light showed in the east. Raising himself softly so as not to disturb any of the sleepers, he crawled to one of the bark huts near and peeped in for a last look at his friend, then slowly and painfully made his way ta the outside of the camp. Here he re sted for a while to eat some of the scraps of food he had brought with him, and drank a little of the water in a tiny pool near by. Feeling somewhat re freshed he commenced his journey, keeping as near as possible to the bank of the river. His progress was very slow, as he had so often to stop to get his breath, so that it was late in the afternoon before he reached his desti nation. Much exhausted, helay down. at the foot of the tree and soon fell fast asleep. Meanwhile, as the child had not appeared at either the morning or even ing meal, aff'd could not be found in any of the bushes near, Masu became much alarmed and so worked upon the sympa thies of thE men that they promised to organise a search party, and would start to look for him as soon as it was light. As they sat in the gathering darkness, talking about him, and closely question ing Masu as to where he had seen him last, they heard a strong, clear voice, which made them start in sudden terror; in a minute they heard it again, followed by a burst of rippling laughter. Presently there came a low, soft sound like a bird-call, which swelled and swelled in volume till, at last, it burst: forth into avery paean of gladness; after a few minutes it softly sank to a whisper, then it rose again with greater sweetness and power, the air all round seeming to quiver with the music. Suddenly, while they listened with bated breath and faces grey with fear, they heard a quick, sharp cry of pain-then there was silence. They drew together round the ire, not daring to go to sleep, and sat crouching there till daybreak. As soon as it was light enough to see clearly, the men scattered in all direc tions to look, for the missing child, while the women began to prepare for the morning meal. Justas the sun's rays were beginning to push their way through the forest leaves, making the young twigs of the gum trees look all ablaze, there was heard the call which had been arranged as the signal of the child's discovery. Mlasu, who was with the chief's party, nrushed excitedly in the direction from which the call came, quickly followed by the rest of the party. There, at the foot of the tree. his hair powdered with the golden down and his hands filled with great bunches of the sweet-smelling blossom, a gentle smile hovering round the patient mouth, lay the still formofthe Spirit Child. Little I Mlasu fl.ng himself, sobbing, on his i friend, while the blacks stood round awestruck, and whispered to one another that 'the Great Spirit had kissed his lips with the golden blossoms and filled his mouth with song." lI's./.rr5 .ie.il 