It would be absurd to expect absolute Unanimity on any question of human interest. It is the sweet privilege of free men to disagree with or without cause, reason or suspected motive. When the Greek churl was asked why he voted for the banishment of Aristides the Just he replied that he 1 hated to hear people for ever praising the patriot for his honesty, ' Con? troversy is the salt of politics.. With-, out it apathy and an insensibility to consequences must become general, leaving to a few active individuals the . control of public affairs. Her Ma jesty’s Opposition in Parliament serveß a more useful purpose than many are inclined to admit, and the stronger it is the better, if composed of men of moderate views. We must not, therefore, feel disappointment at the new Federal Constitution encountering antagonism amongst certain sections of the community. The duty of every federalist should be to combat the arguments, watch and counteract if possible the manoeuvres of selfish schemers determined to wreck the pro jected union of the colonies, and by every means to seek to popularise a great national movement upon which the future prosperity of Victoria more especially depends. Without fede ration what is there left for this colony to look to for a revival of her previous prosperity and pres tige. Our mining operations are being gradually legislated to a mini mum. If Mr Chas. Foster’s magnum opus is permitted to further interfere with companies and tributors we shall soon see the miners leaving us in a body. Agriculture, the most important in dustry next to mining, is kept alive by what we may call intense coddling. The best produce is sent home in many instances merely to catch the pro* mised bonus, raising the coßt of the in ferior articles to a price that is rapidly becoming a heavy tax upon the house holders. Nearly all our land has been alienated. The mallee is still in the experimental stage, and millions have yet to be spent on irrigation and railways before we may look to the land there as a source of profit to the colony. Our com merce is represented by a few regular trading steamers, heavily subsidised, and taking away weekly large con signments .of gold and long lists of passengers. The ghost of in dustrialism stalks through the streets of Melbourne, but real produc tive industry, that is trade and manufacture, is as dead as Julius CjESAR. ■ And yet we find people pre ferring this deplorable condition of things rather than accept of Federa tion, and for no less sordid reason than that it might interfere with the vested interests of a few individuals. At the usual weekly meeting of the Trades Hall on Friday last a discussion took place relative to the Constitu tion, and though there were many who expressed themselves in its favor, it appears from the voting that the majority were againßt it. In the same way at a meeting of Bendigo miners last week all the arguments were against the new mining bill, but the majority declared in its favor ap parently from sheer cussedness rather than from any logical faith in the measure. Those who know some thing of the mystic art of wire pulling, however, do not attach vital importance to these unreasonable manifestationsof manufactured opinion. Since the general elections, and for some considerable time previously, the Trades’ Hall Council has been divided into two parties. One section is in fluenced on the one hand by what are called Liberal considerations, and the other by a conviction that Vic torian Liberalism is mere bunkum, being of the opinion of Mrs Bets? Prigs regarding Mrs Harris, that there “ain’t no such thing.” True Liberalism in this colony has long since been strangled. Nevertheless, so long as there is a divided opinion in the ranks of the masses there is danger to the cause of Federation. The work ing classes are so liable to be influenced by sentiment, or prejudice, that you never know what may arise in the event of an election until the numbers are up. The plausibility of the pretended friend of the working classes, has wrought dire mischief ere this, and he is still alive and kicking vigor ously. The secessionists from the old protection camp are numerous, and include many able leaders. It should be the object of all unionists to encourage and assist their efforts. We cannot bridge the referendum ; it must be met, and the result abided by whatever it may be; but let there be no mistake this time, as there was when the ten delegates were chosen for, rather than by, the people. The referendum will be held in May next. In the interim every one wishing well to Federation should, each in his sphere, however circumscribed, work heartily for the cause. The A.N.A. will prove a powerful factor in the forthcoming trial of strength between parties. Their name is legion, and they can count upon many willing 'and experienced chiefs. They should not be content with the effervescent enthusiasm of a banquet or a Convention, where the abstract question comes uppermost. The Con stitution should be Btudied, and its provisions fully mastered, so that its opponents may be faced on every plat form with sound arguments as well as the flowers of rhetoric. Demagogy hitherto has depended for success upon brazen jaws and lungs of leather, backed dp by a mendacious and mer cenary press. They have had the field pretty much to themselves of late years. We look to the A.N.A. to provide a counterblast upon the plat form to square accounts' with them. Stump oratory is played out. We shall not again hear the rallying threat of broken heads and burning houses. People have come to realise the true meaning of such demonstra tions. They have discovered that the whole business was no more than stage thunder and bombast to tickle the ears of the groundlings. It is almost time the Jeremy Diddlers, the jugglers, and windbags were cast out. If Federation did no more than pro claim to such that their occupation was gone, it will be an inestimable blessing to the credulous and bam boozled working man. The annual excursion of the Viotorian Rail way* Mutual Ban-fit Society, held on Satur day, was responsible for a very large influx of visitor* to Ballarat. Twelve crowded trains arrived dnriog the forenoon, and by the time the last had landed its freight of pleasure seek*re at 1 30 the number of visitors in Bal. larat had totalled over 7500. Tiie animated aspect of the streets of the city atrikingly at tested the magnitude of the gathering, and the trama and oabs plying to and fro were orowiled to their u'mo-t capacity. All the places of interest were besieged with sight, seers, the gardens, park and lake in par ticular proving great, attractions. At the show grounds, where the sports were in pro gress, an immense ooncoursa of holiday makers were to be seen indulging iu many different forms of ninn- ement according to to their tastes. The Victorian Railways Military Band enlivened tha proceedings by its excellent musio. Tbs InnchsoD was made the occasion for some interesting speeches, in which the attractions of Ballarat ware highly praised. Fall particulars appear in another colnmo. The Minister of Railways, like the Chief Secretary, is evidently to be nnmbered among the supporters of the Commonwealth Bill, Sneaking at tha railway pionio on Saturday, Mr Williams said that his answer to the ques tion whether federation should be sought on the practicable lines now drawn up would be unhesitatingly in the affirmative. The ad vantages of Federation, he thought, would un questionably outweigh all disadvantages, as assured by the experiences of all previons federations with their results in inareasing development and prosperity. He added ex pressions of his views, that the Federal Con atitntion is a snitable end proper one for the great colonies of Australia, and that Ballarat from its beauty, wealth and surroundings, is thoroughly adapted to be the Federal capital. Frank E. Longhurat, the young man who was found lying on the oommon last week with a wound in bis head, apparently inflicted by himself, partially regained consciousness yesterday. He recognised, by hie voice, hie brother, when the latter oame to Bee him, and answered several questions, but was unable to keep np a sustained conversation, nor was anch attempted in view of bis state of health. When his brother rose to leave, however, he called him back. No questions have yet been asked ae to what had led him to make the attempt upon his life. - Up to the present no attempt has been mads to remove the ballet, bat ehonld he continue to improve an effort will probably be made to locate the lead by means of the Rontgen rays, with a view to an operation. We have received a lengthy and highly eulo gistic oommunioation from Mr J. F. O’Connor, of East Melbourne, on the proceedings of St. Patrick’s Day in Ballarat. We a doubt that onr correspondent wrote io the fulness of his enthusiastic admiration of every thing, and more especially the dancing, bat we are afraid we wonld £be charged with applying onr reading admans to the pnrposea of advertising ware we to give them insertion. It \ia always very gratifying to find that visitors appreciate Ballarat and its people— the former for its beauty and pioturesqueness, and the latter for their generous hospitality. Our regret is that the limits of onr apace do not admit of publishing all the flattering letters that are sent to ns on these subjects. On more than one oocaeion we have referred to the unsatistaotory manner in which the oleansing of the streets is performed. On this matter the mayor will report to the City Conncil as follows today:—“lhaveoome to the oonoluaion that this work would be more satisfactorily done by the conncil than under the present system. Complaints are being onntiunally made by the pnblio as to the manner in whioh they are treated by the oon traotnr’a men, and I have had to complain of the slipshod manner in which the work is exeonted. The gutters are swept after a fashion, bat the refuse is allowed to lie for days in heaps before removal. I contend that if it is worth while to tender for this work year after year there mast be a large profit in it, nr men wonld not seek to obtain a con tinuance of the contract. I wonld recommend that a committee of the whole connoil be ap pointed to investigate the propriety of making an alteration, and report to the connoil at the meeting held on 18:h April. I will endeavor to be pr»pared to lay a proposal before the committee for adoption or otherwise, and if councillors will do likewise some good may ensne. There are, I am aware, differ ences of opinion by engineers on this subject, and the chief reason against oonncile undertaking the work themselves is the error Borne councillors fall into of allowing outside pressure to be brought te bear to obtain employment for persons who are quite unfitted for the work. This, I am sorry to say, is too often the case. If this evil conld be got over it wonld be to the interest of all oouncila. Sydney does this work by day labor at a cost of £37,000 per annum, and has an area of 2600 acres. M-ibonrne does it by contract, with an area of 6000 acres, at a coat of £13,000. Prabran this year is trying day labor under altered conditions. Formerly 32 men were employed; under the new arrangement they employ 14 men end one ganger, end they expeot to save some hnndreds of pounds by better supervision of the men employed, as it is thought that the want of supervision has been the otnse of the loss. The City of Colling wood doee it partly by contract and day work, and the Ci'y of Fitzroy by contract. The City of St. Kilda adopts both methods, day labor and contract. The City of Richmond’s method would, I think, be moat applicable for onr oity. They adopt both day labor and contract, mostly the former. I have obtained particular* from each of the above councils, which are at the disposal of any councillor should he desire it.” The weights of the Ballarat Tnrf Clnh will probably be declared to day. The date originally fixed for the adjustment was Friday laet, bat Mr Dakin was anxious to Bee how several of the horses would acquit themselves at the S r . Patrick’s Day races at the Miners’ conrse on Thursday, at Gisborne on Friday, and at Kyneton on Saturday. He will pro bably allot the weights to-day, so that they can be published to-morrow morning. "The new departure by the Government in holding the encampment here instead of at Langwarrin is hailed with delight by the entire population of the distriot. Ballarat in partionlar is fortunate in having the oppor tunity of seeing the troops in camp. It will be an object le-eon to the majority of u«, and I hope a profitable one, by stimulating a desire on the part of the rising generation to join the ranks, and thn* be ready in aase of need to protect the land of their birth, of whioh they should be so prond.” So writes the mayor in his report to the City Connoil to-day. He further states:—“l have communicated with the Railway Commissioner, asking that excur sion trains be provided from far and near, in order that the people may have an opportunity of witnessing a night never before s-en in this district. This, I am informed, will be done. It will be a red letter E»ater for Ballarat, and I would recommend that the Town of Ballarat East and surrounding conncilwbe asked to co operate with this conncil in obtaining Saturday after G >od Friday to be gazetted a pnblio holiday, thus giving an opportunity for all to witness the manoeuvring, which will take pleas on that day in the neighborhood of Sebastopol and Hadden. If timely notioe of this were given, none would be inconvenienced.” The United Masonic choral service was held yesterday afternoon at the Alfred Hall, and was very largely attended, number* of per sons being enable to gain admission to the building, which was crowded some time before the hour for commencing the service. Tha singing of the large ohoir, and the playing of the orchestra were both of a high order of merit, and Mr G. Herbert, the conductor, and Mr H. West, the leader of the orchestra, deserved every praise for the efficiency of the forces under their command. The sermon was preached by Rev. Charles Tregear, who made an earnest appeal on behalf of the Bal larat charities. The offertory realised the sum of £72 lie 9|d. Last year - the- collection amounted to £BO, and in the year previous £63 8s 6d was received. A report of the service appears in another oolmnn. ' Great surprise and keen regret w«re ex pressed in Ballarat yesterday when it became known that Mr Joseph Boase, of Coghlan, Bo ise and Go., Tattersall’g saleyards, had died suddenly at his residence in Raglan s(,re"t from heart disease supervening upon Bright’s disease. The deceased gentleman had been in ill health for some time past, and bad been under medioal treatment, bat bis hearty appearance and his cheerful disposition dis armed the suspicion that there was anything radically wrong, and the news of his death oame wi'h startling suddenness. On Saturday Mr Boase was present at the saleyards, and appeared to be in his nsnal state of health. Yesterday morning at 8 o’clock he onmplained of pain in bis heart, after whioh he never spoke again, bnt. lapsing into unconsciousness passed away four hours later. The late Mr Boase, who was 57 years of age, was a veteran colonist, having arrived in the country 50 years ago. He settled in South Australia, where ha resided nn'il 12 months ago, when ha deaidad to make his home in B illarat. Whilst in Adelaide Mr Bnaee had the largest horse bazaar in that city, and for many years did a big trade in sending horses to India. On leaving Adelaide the deceased became a partner in the firm of Coghlan, Boase and On., and though only 12 months resident in this city, he made many w»rm friends, who reoog nised and appreciated his sterling character and thorough good qualities. Whilst in Smith Australia the late- Mr Boase took a keen interest in Masonic matters, and was also a prominent member in the order of Reohabites. The deceased loaves a widow and family of six, four eons end two daughters, to mourn their loss. The funeral will take place to morrow. A socialistic movement to establish a settlement on the Murray River, under the title of the Murray River Industrial Mission, has made snch progress that the soheme will shortly he in fall working order. An area of abont 2000 acres of splendid land has been purchaeed, and the preliminary eteps towards founding the settlement have been taken. The partners in the venture will work on 00-op-rative principles, ani will be banded together ae a “Socialistic Christian Com moos.” Amongst thoee who have thrown in their lot with the movement are several well known Ballarat residents. Farther particu lars regarding the scheme appaar in another colnmn. 1 On Saturday afternoon Elizabeth Fabey, ag*d 30 years, win arrested by Cons'aide Thompson on a charge of having stolen the stun of 3s from Mrs H L. Pobjoy, licensee of the Golden City hotel. Start street. The accused hss been in the employ of Mrs Pob j-iy for time past, bnt her honesty beiog donhted some ooins were marked, and were eubseqaently foand in her possession. A gold chain and pendant was also missed from the hotel, an 1 the accused subsequently admitted that ebe had pawned the articles. Yesterday afternoon Plainolotheg-oonetable Rogsrson and Constable Thompson procured » sgaroh war rant, end, in company of Mrs Pobjoy, pro o-eded to the residence of Fahev’s p treats at Brown Hill. In searching the house the offie-'rs oara i aoross a quantity of linen, whioh Mrs Pobjov identified as her property. The accused will be charged with stealing these articles, and also with stealing the ohain and pendant. The woman will appear at the City Court to-day. Anglers are exceedingly pleased at the prospect of successful fishing next eeason owing to the action of Cr Elliott in Beonring 6500 peroh from the Gong Gong and the kind ness of the Water Commission in permitting their removal. It is expected that the new strain thns introduced will not only add to the number of fish in the lake, bnt also improve their quality. At the invitation of the mayor a hearty vote of thanks will probably bo passed by the City Council to- day to tha Water Commission for their valuable gift. A apeoial memorial sermon was preached by the R*v. E. W. Nya at the Lydiard street Wesleyan Chnroh last night after the ordinary service, relative to the late Misa Frances EHzibeth Willard, LL.D., president of the Women’s Christian Temperance Union in the United States. The rev. gentleman Baid that the name of Miss Willard wonld be plaoed along with the illnstrions names of Florenoe Nightingale, and Catherine Booth. When they looked baok to her ancestor, Simon Wil lard, who, nearly three centuries ago, left hie native village in Kent to seek freedom to wor ship God; or to her father, who was a man of upright and moral character; or to her mother, who died two or three years ago, after_ having spent a noble Christian life and lived to nearly 90 years of age; Barely the influence) of heredity all pointed to Franoes Willard being a woman of God. The rev. gentleman then gave a description of the wanderings and early bash life of the Willard in America, and how Mise Willard championed the aanse of the slaves in the great struggle which resulted in their emanci pation. She became a teaoher in 1854, and in thatcapaaity endeared herself to all her pupils. She advanced step by step until she became dean of the Women’s College of the North Weeteru University of Chicago. She resigned that position to join in the temperance crusade, and ohose this noremunerative work in prefer ence to an offer of one of the bast educational positions in the States, with a salary of £5OO a year. Mr Nye then desoribed the diffi culties and pennry that she endured as ft result of her noble oboioe. Her temperanoe ornsade baptism was in one of the Pittsburg drinking saloons, and since then to the time of her death ehe atrove heroically in the cause. She made hnr first speech in favor of women a suffrage in 1876, and ainoe then the W.C.T.U. haß recognised this question as one of the main planka of its platform. She wae eleoted president of the world-wide anion, and con tinued to be ita president until her death, having been connected with the organisation for 24 years. The City Council will meet at half-past 1 o’clock to-day, in order to enable the mayor and connoiltors to meat tha Postmaster-Gene ral, who will arrive by the afternoon train. It ie intended to request Mr Daffy to make arrangements for a resident postmaster in the City, and slbo to alter the Bteps at the post office so that they may be rendered less dangerous. Playing for the Ballarat B team against Ballarat A team, at the Eastern Oval on Saturday, W. Morgan, who on the previous Saturday had made 89 not out, brought bis saore up to 219 before be was dismissed. Morgans batting throughout the innings was of first-class quality, and he thoroughly de served the bearty applanse bestowed on him. W. Graham also played a fine innings for 100, and wben stamps were drawn the B team bad tbs ap'eudid total of 554 to their credit for a loss of 9 wickets. The A team only made 69 in tbeir first innings. A youth 16 years of Age was arrested by Plain- clothes Constable Montague on Saturday night on a obarge of behaving in an insulting manner in Curtis street. The accused was ad mitted to bail in one surety of £lO. It is to be regretted that Ballarat missed tha opportunity of securing, for the benefit of the charities, the services of the fine military band of the Viotorian R.ilways, which were offered at a cost of £25, in consideration of wbich the band offered, through its secretary and manager, Mr T. R. Sexton, to give a con cert on Saturday night, and also one on Sun day. The cost to each of the charities would have amounted to £8 6a Bil, and tbe Mayor of the City expresses tbe opinion that a least £5O would have been netted. The band ie considered to be one of the beat, if not the beat, in Victoria, and consists of 47 well trained bandsmen, under the condnotorabip of Mr Alex. Wallaoe. Another supposed case of typhoid fever from B illarat East was admitted to the Hos pital yesterday. Lieutenant Colonel Hoad, A.A.G., and Major Cameron, M.R.C.V.S., arrived from Melbourne on Saturday, and proceeded to the common where the encampment is to be held. They' were accompanied by Major G irbntt, who is to ant as D.A.A.G. daring tbe Easter manoeuvres, Lieutenant-Colonel Williams, and Sergeant-Majors Cox and Brencblsy. Tbe object of tbe vi-it was to inspect tbe oonotry in tba immediate vicinity of tbe eamp, to see whiob locality contains tbe best a'rategin points, in order that the instruction conveyed by the mimic contests may be ae practical as possible. Any parson having the address of- Simeon Brown Cole, who name to Ballarat in the early days, and followed mining pursuits, wonld oblige by commnnicating with the In spector of Polios at Ballarat. The many friends of Mr W. Kenna, the well-known brewer, will regret to learn of a sad bereavement that b•« befallen him in tbe death of his eldest eon William. The deceased w&b; 27 years of age, and owned a selection in tbe Giposland distriot. He retnrned to his parents’ home about 11 months ago to attend the fnneral of his brother, and contracted a severe cold, from which he never recovered. On hearing that Mb homestead in Gippeland was burnt ont in the recent bnabfires, be went down and inspected the place, bat was compelled to retnrn to Wnodend. where he had been previously staying for the benefit of bis bealtb. His parents beard of tbe sadden change for tbe worse and telegraphed for him to retnrn borne on Thursday last. He arrived on Friday and was attended by Dr Woinarski, bnt the cold bad settled on hie longs, and be died at 8 o’clock on Saturday morning. Tim fnneral took piece yesterday afternoon, wben tbe re mains were interred in tbe Ballarat New Cemetery. The high esteem in whioh the deceased and bis family are held wae evidenced by the large number of persona who attended the fnneral. The floral tributes sent were very nnmerons and costly. The hearse was preceded by 50 employes of Mr Kenna snd 30 railway employee bear ing wreaths, and among them were the Coffin-bearers, Messrs J. P. Bourke, C. Briston, J. Roach, W. Gamble, P. Boucher, and E. Smith, while Mes-ra E. Murphy, M.L A., A. J. Forbes, J.P., Jas. Coghlan, jan., J. .Whelan, D. Fi'zpatrick, J.P., H. W. Morrow, W. M. Ache-on, J.P., W. M'Millan, M. Newton, R. S. Foley, A. Reynolds, J. Ditty, G. Lovitt, and P. Long acted as pall bearers. The bishop (Dr Moure), assisted by the Rev. Father Gnilfoyle, condnoted tbe service at the grave. Mr Stephen Wellington carried oat the mortuary arrangements. What is termed a whits service was held in the Silvstion Army Barracks, Windermere s'reet. last night to bid farewell to Ensign and Mrs S ewart, who are sbont to leave for Sooth Australia. There was a large attendance, and the enßign and bis wife delivered earnest Addresses. Messrs Tresize, Blanobard, and Bowes aNo addressed the congregation in terms appropriate to tbe occasion. Mr Benjamin Lewis, of Bendigo, vios presi* dent of the Amalgam >'ed Sooiety of Engine drivers of Victoria, paid a visit to Ballarat on Sitnrday, and was received at the Trades Hall by the president of the local branch. Preaching at Church yesterday morning. Archdeacon Mercer congratulated the parishioners on the appointm-mt of the Rev. W. F. Tnoker, of Hamilton, aa vicar of the parish. He express'd a hope that the congregation would work together in the interests of the oharch. The arobdescon also made a feeling reference to the death of the lata Mr J. R. Trevor, who for many years was a member of tha congregation. At the olose of the service tbe “ Dead March ” was played by the organist, »s a mark of respect to tbe memory of the deceased. About a week ago a vonth named Robert Campbell, employed at Wilson’s stables, was thrown from a horse, and sustained painful injuries to bis nose and fao*. On Saturday be attended at tbe Ballarat Hospital, when it was found that his nasal bone was broken. The fracture haring been reduoed, ha left tbe institution. By consent of Major-General Sir Charles Helled Smith, commandant of the defenos forces, tbe head-quarters staff and other officers will be enabled to attend tbe citizens’ military ball on Eastar Monday night. Sir John Madden, who will than be Acting- Governor, has also announced his intention of being present, and it is hoped that the ball will be the most brilliant githering of the kind ever held in B illarat. Tbe monthly meeting of the Ballarat Horti' cultural Sooiety will be held to-night at 7.30. Subscribers and friends are invited. Several interesting exhibits of dahlias, &0., will be shown. The births of 46 boys and 57 girls, or in all of 103 children, were registered in Ballarat and Sebastopol during tbe month of February. In the previous month the births registered numbered 101, viz., 50 of boys and 51 of girls. The deaths registered in February numbered 96, viz., 55 of miles and 41 of females. Tba births tbns exceed the deaths by 7. In January tbe recorded deaths numbered 111; in February, 1897, 100; in February,-1896, 81; in February, 1895, 95; in Febrnary, 1894, 86; in February, 1893, 92; in Februiry, 1892, 80; in February, 1891. 91; in Febrnary, 1890. 71; in Febrnary, 1889, 78; and in February, 1838. 53\. Twenty-three deaths, or 24 per cent, of tba total number registered, ncourred in public instilu'ions, viz.:—-Ballarat Hospital, 16; Be nevolent Asylum, 3; gaol, 1; Lunatic Asylum, 3- Messrs Williamson and Mnsgrove have arranged for a special excursion train to run from Ballarat to Melbourne on Saturday next in connection with the Albani ooncert. Holiday excursion tickets will be issned to and from all stations (suburban exoepted), and at the oentral booking office, Flinders street, from 4th till 13th April (both dates inolasive), available for return for one calendar month from date of issue. The journey most be commenced on the day the ticket ie issned, bat after a distance of 15,miles bis been travelled tbe journey may be broken at tbe discretion of tbe passenger. On Saturday a boy named William Batty, seven years of age, living with bis parents in Albert street, wae trsated at hie Hospital for a Cnllis fractnre of the wrist, tbe rsenlt of a fall from a fence. Yesterday a lad living in Hnmffray street was treated for a similar injury, caused by a fail from a load of oats. The members of the Barkly street Mutual Improvement Association held their fort nightly meeting in tbe vestry on Friday even ing last; the president (Rev. S. T. Withing tonl occupying the chair. Mr H. P. Sngden delivered a lectnrette on "Thought reading,” afterwards performing many interesting experiments, whioh proved very successful, and bewildered all present as to the methods by which the feats were accomplished. Mr Sngden said that our language was hut a slow and olumsy method of conveying an impres sion to another mind, and explained how muoh better it would be if we oould transfer our thoughts to others without articulating words. For instance, in describing a piotnre to another words were quite inadequate to give ft true representation of one’s own impression, whereas if another’s mind were enabled through thought tranaferanoa to realise at once ih-t impression, the result would be far better Tha expriments, such as following a meanda ‘ in* although connected ohalk line on the fW and writing upon a blackboard the nn R b 0r „i a watch, by means of a medium thinking strongly, can-Bd much amnssment a- WR ]| astonishment. During the evening MrScgdea related many comical incidents, and »][ pre* sent were delighted as well as instrnoted b» the entertainment. There were a number of visitors present, and at the conclusion „ bearty vote of thanks, proposed by r? M’Grogor, M.L.A., and seconded by Mr W* H. Wooster, was «coorded to Mr Sngden. ’ After_ an absence of nearly four years, dnr» ing whiob th-v have had a most snooe-sfui tour through Europe and South Africa, sn j more recently in Tasmania, the St»ele.Pay D a Concert Company (formerly known » B Payne Family) will appear in the Alfred Hall on Friday night. The pers-nnel of the oompany is altered somewhat, but th# members are nearly all favorably known to Ballarat audience*, and bave «|| wo _ tbeir laurels on many platforms. The p at . formers comprise Misses L ; zzie Payne Kate Maher, and Sophie Juneh-nn, n n i Meesrß James Williams (foim rly of tb 9 Chapel Royal, Kew, and London Concert)) and Mr Ralph Steele. The programme is most varied, both aa regards vocil and in etrumenta! items, and a most enjoyable enter, tainment is promised, and as the popular l price of Is is to be charged for admission to all parte of the hall, there elinuld be a crowded audience. Various suggestions havo he»n mole f tom time to time as to overcoming tha difficulty 0 j ooping with tbe w»ed» anl rnshe- at the lets At the last meeting of the City Council a p rc l poaal wae made that a roller shunld b- employed to crash them down, and a doubt it a «j. preased as to whether there was sufficient steam power available to draw u roller of necessary weight to accomplish the end desired The mayor has made enquiries on the snhj-ct' and will to-day inform ibe Connoil that ths scheme is impracticable. Whilst running in O’Farroll’s e-dvyirda on Saturday a yonng man n-m-d William White a resident of K-msing'on, fell and cut hi- | ? j so severely that he had to attend at ths Hos pital, where it was found necessary to atitclj tbe.wonnd. Other oa»oaltieß treated at the Hospital on Saturday were—Tim-. Liigh a yontb living in Howitt street, who broke bia leg as the reßult of a fall; and John Snllivas a young man residing in High street, who cut his head throngh falling ont of a buggy. At the annual commencement of the UniTer. sity of Melbourne on S iturday the diploma of musical associate was conferred upon Min Florence Ellen Towl, daughter of Mr E.Toul, of Sturt street. It would havo been difficult for theMiyor of the City to have arranged for the supply of water for tbe encampment withnut the heirty co-operation of the ci'iz"»s. This the Mayor recognises, snd remarks—“Ths council is indebted to M-sars Morey, Mill-r, and Cos.; Phoenix Fonndry Company, Douglas, Howard Smith and Cos., Rowlands and C >., Ballarat Hardware Company, Captain Marsh, of ths- City Fire Brigade, and others, for ths ready manner in whiob th-y have omas to onr assistance in providing water boilers, lankt, engine, &0., free of oharge, and t-i Mr A. M’Gregor for the concession hs has made in undertaking to cart the seven large boilers to tbe enoampm>-nt and back.” The degree of doctor of m“dicins was con ferred upon Dr J. K. Riahard*, of this city, at tbe annual commencement of Melbourne University on Saturday. In the last is-ne of tbe Government Gazette the frgah regulations, is*n*d by the W.rDs partment, under which commissions in tha British Army may be obtained by officers of colonial local military forces, and by .indent) from tbe colonial universities, are published for general information. The Rev. J. A. Jeffrey, of Western Aus tralia, preached a vigorous and interesting sermon attbeLydiard street W-el- yan Chnrch last night to a very Urge congregation. Mr Samuel Walter Pitoher, L.R.C.P., hi) been appointed pnblic vaccinator at Kingston, vice Dr William Corrj, resigned. 