t#flashed _ridal B" AlRs. G. SneLDON, Authoress of "Dorothy's Jewels." CHAPTER XII (Continued). Then, as the two men mounted the bo: and drove away, the puoliceman driving, she turned to Edith, with a charminl smile. " Allow mo to thank you, young lady for speaking and chucking my horses at promptly as you did," she remarked, witl onraging frankness. They are very genth and well- trained, but no one can tell wha might have happened but for yourauthori tativo command." " 1 do not feel that I have done anly thing to merit your thanka," said v.dtlt with an answering smile, " for what I di was purely involuntary. But I amt very sorry that this unfortunate contretempe should have interrupted your drive." "I do not mind losing the drive, but I do mind being made so unpleasantly colt espitouus on Commuonweultlt-avenue by drunken servant," responded the stranger flushing with annoyance. " Iluwever,' shel continued, straightening herself, proudly, "regrets are useless, and I must make the best of it. By the way, tmy little friend, will you regard ttu ae nnduly inquisitive if I tak your amle'i" slte co eluded, bestowing a witlsotte unile upol Edith. 'Certainly not. I amn called Editl: Allen." " lidith- Alluen," repeated the wolnan, while lte studied tile beautiful faot before her, with strtrage intentlless, tht young girl thought. " That is a very pretty name, and it suits you. NOw allow me to introduce ,myself to you." She olened a beautiful Japanese card case, and handed the girl a dainty bit ol pasteboard. " ire I. G. Stewart, Coplecy Square Hotel, Boston. Mass ," Eiaih read, as she received it, with tthanks, and then put it carefully away in her purse. "Do you leside in the cityl" l?rs Stewart inquired. still lingering beside her now acquaintance, as if loth: to leave her. " Yes ; I am companion to Mrs Gerald Goddard whoe lives at No. - Common wealth-avenue." " .Ii . was introduced to lires God dard'e brother, Monsieur Correlli, a few evenings ago,' Mirs Stewart remarked, withll a slight catch in her breath, while Edith was astonished to see her turn deadly pale, even to her lips, as she said it. But she quickly recovered herself, although her beautiful blue eyes still blazed with a strange lire. r " 1lonseour COrrelli is a very talented and etttertaining gentleman," she re sumed, speaking with her usual aulf. possauession, " but I have never had tihe pleasure of meeting Mrs Goddard. But I must go, Aliss nllet I shtllhave to depend upon tihe electric road to got back to may hotel. I hope "--and ahe leaned forward and searchled Edith's lovely face with a wistful gaze " I hope you and I will meet again some time, and dear, if you should over need a friend, do not fail to come to me. Good after noon." She hold out her exquisitely gloved hand, and clasped Edith's warmly, then turning, sllhe awet, with" stately grace, down Arlington-street toward Boy ston, to take a car for Copley Square, while Edith, with a httle sigh of regret over thte parting for alto never expected to see ier again, went on her way toward Mr God dard's residence. But her adventures were not over for that day, however, for sello had not walked half a block before shite hoard a quick, eager tread buhitnd her, and, the next nuoment, she was overtaken by Emil Correlli. " Ah I good evening, Miss Allen; I thought I could not be mistaken ill your figure," he exclaitted, in a tone of well assumed surprise, although he had known she was out for a walk, and had come out hIimelf with the purpose of seeking her Edith responded to his salutation in a courteous manner, but shte was consider ably annoyed by his presence. " Wdt you allow tme to walk with you, since we are both going the same way, and bound for the same destination 7" he inquired, in a tone of utmost respect. The young girl could not refuse his re quest without appearing rude, but she was not at all pleased with the arrange. ment, and betrayed her feeling by quickening her steps, a circumstance which caused a frown to darken the brow of her comltpatnion. 1le endeavored to conceal hiis auger, however, by relating, in a spirited aln nor, an amusing incident that had occurred while he was driving oil the boulevard that orning d tht mortitg; atd thus they had walked on until they had nearly reached home, whten Editht suddenly noticed that a woman was keeping ,nearly abreast with them, along tle edge of the park, on the opposite side of tile street. For the boeetit of the reader, who may never have been in Boston, it may be as well to mention that Commtlonwealth avenue is an exceedingly wide street-or raltier, it might be described as two broad etreota, with a beautiful park running the entire lenglh between, them. And it was upon ooll side of this park that Edith sawv tnhe totlma, who, by the frequent glances which site cast upon her and her conlllation, appo.tred to be watchieng and following them. Emil coerrolli, whose face was turned toward Edith, had not observed tilhe figure, wintch, just as they were about to turn up to Mr Goddard's residence, sud denly darted across the street, with quick springing stops, and placed itself directly in their path. Email Correlli turned his glance from, his cottpanton to thie wotnalt who had thus obstructed their way, whten he snd deonly seetted turnled to stone, )so nlotion less and rigid di'd lie become. For a full ninuto hisa gaz woas riveted upott the stranger, as if in horrible fascination. " Giulia lI" he breathed, at last, ill a scarcely audible voice. " Le diab"l !" The womane, had a veil over her face, but Edith could sue tthat alto was very handsome, with a warm, Southern kind of beauty, although it was of ai rather coarse type. Site rite evidenttly a foreigner with brilliant black eyes, ant ohvo c, n plexion, scarlet lips and cheeks, and a wealth of purplheblack hair, which was coiled in a tassive knot at the back of her head. She was of medium height, with a plumtp, but exquisitely proplortionate tigure, as weas revealed by hier -losoly fitting garment of navy blue velvet. Her Ittt was a jauntty allair of Cihe satle material, briglltelled by a scarlot winig Hler stmall lhands were uncased itt costly and Ierfuctly litting gloves, ltnd iher tinty feet it ttrim, ntltty bhotL of I'ariaian, , ake. T'i momenet Emil Correlli ,poke her name, slo burst passionately fortlh, antt bogall to address hint in rapidly uttered esentonttee of eoulntot foreigt la nguage, .ihich Edith, could not andertad, d. it wias not French, for ahlto could cotn verse in that tongue, and slte knew it was not German. She therefore con eluded it must be either Italian or Spanish. Stile girl talked, her eyes roved from the man's face to Edith's, with angry, jealous glances, while sho gesticulated f wildly with her hands, and her voice was fierce and intense with passion. She would not give Monesieur Corrolli an opportunity to say one word, until she had exhausted her seemingly endless vocabulary ; but he was as colorless as a piece of his own statuary, and a lurid, desperate light burned in his oyes-a glramn, which, if she had been less intent ac upon venting her own passion, would Slhave warned her that she was doing lier fi cause, whatever it might be, more harm than good by the course sihe was adopt a t ing. t at last ahe paused in her tirade, simply Ic because atho lacked breath to go on, when c Emcnil Correlli replied to her, in her own t tongue, and with equal fluency ; but in \- tones that were both stern and authori tative, while ot was ovident that he was \- excessively annoyed by her sudden and ounexpected appearance there. Fd Ftmally, after another attempt upon 'Y the girl's pa.rt, to carry her point, he a stamped his foot imporatively, to ompha also some command, and with a look I which made her cringe like a whipped \- ur before him ; when, shooting a glance of lire and hate at Edith, shie turned r, away, with a crestfallen air, and went, dejectedly, dcvwn the street. I, l:dith would have been glad, and had ttried to escape from, this scene, for after y the first moment of surprise upon being Sso unceremoniously confronted by the \- beautiful stranger, she had stopped asido, SoI ascended the steps and rang the bell. But, for somle reason, no one came to I the door, and she was obliged to repeat the sumamons, but feeling very awkward , to have to stand there and listen to the altercation that was being carried on so wonear her, althoull h she could not under Y stand a word that was said.. .\t last, just as Monsieur Correlli had delivered lia authoritative command, the butler made his appearance, and let if Edith in. lIefor- she could enter, the woman was 'u gone, and Emil Correlli sprang up the steps,nnd was by her side. t ie glanced anxiously down upon her face, which wore a grave and prootcupied elook. Se knew that she was wondering who Sthe fiery 'ut beautiful and richly-dressed stranger as; kneow that shte could not fail to believe that there must be some thing auspicious and mysterious in his relations with her, and he was greatly I- exercised over the unfortunate en eounter. I, had sot his heart upon winning her \--ho had vowed that nothing slhould ic stand in the way of her becoming his wife, and nowe this the worst of all things--had happened, to compromise him in her eyes, and he secretly breathed I the fiercest anathemas upon the head of the marplot who had just left them. 1 ie assumed an injured air an he came to her side, with the evident intention of making some explanation of the strange scone that she had just witnessed. i But Edith did not wish to hold any further intercourse with him and, passing quickly into the house, she hastened to ward the stairs, intending to go directly to her own room. OHAPTER XIII. A ctDWNeTEtt FROLIC. Edith had just placed one foot upon the bottom stair, when Emil Corrolli, springing forward, overtook her. " Pray, allow me one moment, Miss Allon," he pleaded, laying a gently de taining hand upon her arm. " [ wish to explain to you the strango scene which has just occurred in your presence.' " It is not necessary," Edith returned, coldly; "it is soiething which, of course, does not concern nme at all." "Very true; nevertheless, you must have been exceedingly astonished to have that girl plant herseaf in our path, as lio did. Really, Miss Allen, it was very annoying to me to be beset upon the street in such a conspicuous manner," the gentleman remarked, in a depre catory tone. "Thie girl is the daughter of the florist of whom I am in the habit of buying my flowers, and to whom I owe a small bill," he wont on to explain, "aand as sheo has sometimes waited upon me, she has taken it upon herself to dun me. I shall go dowe town and settle my account immediately after dinner, and they will find that they have lost a good customer by the out landish proceeding of this afternoon." Edith made no reply to this lengthy explanation S?te simply stood quietly listening to him until he concluded, but iu her heart she did not believe one word of it. 'Tlhere had been such impassioned earnoetness inl the beautiful stranger's aner--such a look of eningled anguish and jealousy in the glance which site had bestowed upon her-such vehement atppeal in her gestures, and in the tones of her voice, that she felt convinced [that she had a far mere serious grio vancoagainst Kmil Corrulli than an unpaid bill for flowers. Her companion road something of this in her expressive face, and was secretly irritated by it; but he was determined to make her respond in some way, and he added, in a rather indifferent tone, such as he would have used in commenting aunon any one : The girl is rather pretty; do you not think so V" "Very," Vdlith replied. "But aho is not an Amorican--Ihe appeared to me like a recently arrived foreigner." 'The man flushed at this latter remark, but responded, liglltly. " Yes, the family are Italians, and they have been in the United States only a short time. The girl is pretty ueough in her way; but I am more partial to blondo beauties," lie concluded, sweeping a look of undisguised admira iol over Edith's fair face ased perfect figure, lwhic plainly indicated tlhat she was a type of loveliness after his own heart. She reddened vith indignation at this collmplimeont, and drew herself haughtily ,rect. "F r orgivo mce " lee cried, and asnuming ace air of humility before she could spelak. "I lhave offellded you again. But, Mliss Allen, if you could only ktlnow hlw honest and sincere 1 am iu ay eadmirationl and affection for you, you would lot scorn mne so." " You have pronised--or your sister has promised for you- that you would ever annoy ei again," Edithl began, icndigniettly, as ishe made a move to go oil upstairs. " 1l klicw, I know," her companion rejoined, in a subdued tone, and putting out his hand acgain to detain lher. ' But I catllotl quite relinquish all hope, in spite oif what I.\tatI has told 1110. I could almost lay down my life for cou, Edith," he conttitied. euarnestly. " Lot oe try to will )o-t--1 will wait your own timto--ytlar. if ineed be." i No--no \hy n ill you persist wthen I have told you that it is uoless " Edith ,o rveuuly iuterrupted. "Pray, pray do ,It refer to this again-I do nilt care for you--I could ievor learn to care for you -in that vwaiy." " Yoat shll ! YOu Musat Olh, whet cal I do or say to Umove your obdurate Iceart?" iaelaaionatly exclaimed the would bo lover. -Nothing--abiolutoly nothing. I can not listen to you, and you are cruel- un. manly, to persecute mo thus, when I have repeatedly told you that it can never be." She turned ouddenly as she concluded, shaking off his hand from her arm as she did so, and went swiftly upstairs. But she had not mounted half the flight before he was close beside her, when, seizing her hand, he bent Ihis face, which was deadly white from mingled mortification and anger, close to here. " It shall be I " he hissed, having lost all control of himself " I snwear that you shall yet be my wife - nothing shall be too great a barrier to be swept out of my path. I have set my heart upon you, and I would sell my soul to win youl" His eyes seemed, in his passion, to almost oemit sparks of fire, while his voice, though naturally low and musical, was vibrant with a repressed fierceness that moade the girl beside himi quiver with feao and repulsion. A lookl of terror swept over her face, an icy chill settled upon her heart, for slle sco?ecd to be Ilmpressed, for tile mno lment, that what hle had said was propheo tic of some evil that was to befall her tlhrouglh hint. \t'renching her hand from his grasp, alsh pushed forcibly by him, and fled up stairs, and did not pause until shle had reached her own room, and locked her self within it. " 1 will not remain hero --I am afraid I It is an uncanny household I" she panted, as she sank, weak and trembling, upon the nearest chair. She shivered and folded her jacket closer about her, although the room was steam-sheated, and warm as summer. " There is ano air of mystery about the house and the people in it that fills me with an unaccountable dread," she conti nued, in a troubled tone. " I believe that I will go to the Copley-squaro Hotel to. morrow, and ask Mrs Stewart if she will take me as a companion, or at least re commend me to someone who needs such an attendant." Then she fell to musing upon the sin gular coincidences and occurrences of the afternoon. It struck her as very strange that MIra Stewart should know Emil Correlli, and that she should have betrayed so much emotion upon hearing his sister's name mentioned. She had said that sllohe had "mot him," speaking as if lie were a comparative stranger to her, asnd yet her manner had betrayed that she know something in connection with him that was either of a painful or unpleasant nature. Then that mysterious and passionate encountor with the girl whom he called Giulia ; what could it mean 7 Certainly, something more than merely the common relations of a debtor and creditor. Edith was so overcome by her own in terview with the man that she did not go down to dinner, and also sent a message to hirs Goddard, asking her to excuse her for the evening, as she had a severe head ache. 5he retired almout Immediately, but wuas so excited that abl could not sleep, und lay tossing for long hours, thinking -thinking, her brain in a perfect whirl, until nearly daylight, when she fell into an uneasy slumber, from which she did lot wake until someone tapped upon her door very late in the morning. SWhat is it " she cried, starting up nervously. - "It is only I, Edith," said the voice of Mrs Goddard, in reply. ." You were so ate-it is nearly nino-I came up to seo f you were sick." SNo ; I hav overslept; pray, excuse noe, and I will soon be with you,' Edith oplied, as she sprang out of bed, and hurriedly began to dress. "Never mind; I do not care if you re not ill," the lady sweetly returned. SGo down, when you are dressed, and ell the cook to get you something nice or breakfast, then come to me, for I havo something important to toll you." Thou the swish of silken skirts told Edith that the woman was gone; but a ook of resolve swept over the girl's face, which was wan and pale, from norvous nese and loss of sloop. "I shall have something important to lll her," she murmured. " I cannot stay ore; I will not remain another day in ho same house with that dreadful man.' When her toilet was completed she rent down to the diningroom, where she hund that Mrs Goddard had already ivon orders for her comfort, for there was a tempting repast awaiting her. She had not much appetito, however, or she was dreading the ordeal before or, and, after drinking a .cup of coffee md eating a roll, sih we nt directly to Irs Goddard's boudoir, intending to toll or at once of her intention to leave her. But the moment sile oiluned the door Iat lady looked up with her sweetest nile of groeting. " You poor child I" she oxclaimed, in oues of gentle sympathy. " I am afraid lat you are ill, after all, for you are as hite as a ghost. Lie down on the couch lore, and lot me bathe your head with Alogno." " Thank you, but my headache is gono, and I am quit myseolf again, although I confess I did not sloop very well," Edith returned, but wondering what had oc curred to make the lady so especially bright and gracious that morning. " I am afraid not, truly, my dear," madame responded. "But, if you will not lio down, sit over there in that aloopy-hollow chair, for I have somethingi very nice to tell you," silo concluded, in a sprightly tone. Edith obeyod her, while the woman's pleasant and frioendly manner made her dread, more than over, the coilnulnica tion shlo hlid determined to make. " I am alone in tile house, excepting yourself and the servants," MIrs Ooddard roeumed. " Emil Ihas been called to New York on business-hli left very suddenly, on the night train, last evening, to bo gone, no one can tell how long ; and MIr Goddard weont to our country home in Wyoming this morninig, to miako arrange monts for a grand midwinter frolic, whlich we have been planning to give our friends for somo time. We aro going to invito a jolly company to spend a woueek with us, and considerable preparations will be necessary. I warn you, Edith, I shall keeoop you very busy during the next fort night." Edith listoned attentively to all this, but the one thing that impressed her more than anything else was the informa tion that Emil Corrolli had gone to New York for an indefinito period. Her heart bounded within her, and sheo uttered a sigh of intense relief at thoe good news. Slio had fully made up her mind, beforo coming downstairs, that she would leave the house that very day. But now shoe saw that thoro would be no occasion for her inimediato departuro, bhocauseo sh knoe that sho would be run ning a great risk in so doing, since she had lno other place in view. 13esides, she felt that it would be hardly fair to Mrs Coddard to go away upon suchl hort notice ; especially if shlo was going ilto the country for a week, for salo iould itlit en ted lher more than ever. Therefore, boleore lirs Goddnrd was fairly through with her speech, helo haid changed heir mind, and resolved to say nothing about her dotermination--at least until after their return to the city. "I do not mind being busy-I like it," sah remarked, with a faint smile, as the lady concluded, while she told herself that the change and employment would be very enjoyable. Besides, eslo had never been in the country during the winter, and she began to be exhilarated by the thought of going a few miles out with a lively company; even the words " midwinter frolic" made the blood course more rapidly in her veins, although she know slhe would be only an observer outside the charmed circle, rather than a participator in the merry-making. " I believe you," said M1rs Goddard, in reply to her remark. " You are the most industrious little body in the world I I realise that I found a treasure when l mot you so opportunely on your way from Now York. Now, if you are sure that you are able to work, I would like you to help me make out two lists-one contain ing the names of the friends who will spend the week with us, and another, naming those whom weo wish to invite to the grand entertainment and ball, with which we shall wind up our festivities." Edith, her eyes no longer heavy, her face no longer pale, arose at once, and weont to the table, where she worked busily during most of the day, and feel ing really happy and content in the knowledge that her would-be lover was more than two hundred miles away, and she had nothing to fear from him. But could she have known that, while she was locked within her room the previous evening, Emil Corrulli and his scheming sister were closeted in the chamber of the latter, plotting mischief against her, and that this so-called midwinter frolic" was but part of a diabolic conspiracy to entrap her unwary foot, she would have been appalled, and lled from that house without an hour's delay. The moment Edith pushed by him on to stairs, and sped up to her room, Emil Correlli rehlised how rash he had boon to address her again upon the forbidden subject. " Le diable " he exclaimed, stamping his foot. " I can never control my tem per. I am always making mischief with this unruly tongue of mine. The girl will be more shy than ever of me now, and Anna will be angry with me for annoying her again." He sought his sister, in her boudoir, and informed her of what had just oc curred boteooen him and Edith, although he was very careful not to mention his recent encounter with the Italian girl who had waylaid him in the street. " Well, Emil, you are always soelling everything by being so thotheaded," she had told him, after listening to his account. "You have doubtless frightened the girl so that she is probably packing her trunk at this moment, with the inten tion of leaving the house the first thing in the morning," she concludod, coming nearer the truth than she really believed. "That would never do," he returned, with a moody look. "She must not be allowed to go away." " No, not if you are really determined upon marrying her." " Of course I am dotermined." " Then you inust go away for a while pack your bag and start for New York to night, upon important business, and stay there until I send for you," his sister remarked, after thinking a few moments. "That will be rather hard on me, Anna,'" the young man responded, gloomily, "for I arm so bowitched witli the girl that I do not feel as if I could be away from her for even an hour." "I can understand that, Emil," said madame, with slightly trembling lips; " but I see no other way to carry out our purpose; for Edith, in spite of her usunal gentllonoss, is high-spirited, and it will be very uncomfortable for her to meet you after what has occurred." ' Ut how long must I be banished I tHave you ansy definite point in vioew " "Yes ; I have hbeen tlinkinrg the mat ter over, and I believe I have the germ of a most conning plot In mind, which may bo carried out under favorable con. ditions,." lIra Goddard returned, and then she proceeded to unfold her plan, which, for boldness, craft, and ingenuity, would have been worthy of a French fitrliguaner of the seventeenth century. "Anna, you are a trump I" Emil Cor. relli exclaimed, admiringly, when she concluded. " If you can carry that out as you have planned it, it will be a most unique scheme - the best thing of its kind on record I" " I can carry it out if you will let me do it in my own way ; only you must take yourself off. I will not have you here to run the risk of spoiling every thing," said Mrs Goddard, with a deter mined air. " Very well, then ; I will go this very night. I will take the eleven o'clock express on the B. and A. I have such faith in your genius that I am willing to be guided wholly by you, and trust my fate entirely in your hands." " I can write you from time to time, as the plan develops," she replied, "and seond you instructions regarding the final act." " All right, go ahead-I give you carte blaNrche for your expenses," said Monsieur Correlli, as he rose to leave the room. Five hours later he was fast asleep in a Pullman berth, and flying over the rails towards Now York. And thus we find Edith remaining con tented with madame, and doing lier utmost towards helping her got ready for the country frolic, and without a nuspi cion that she was assisting in building the altar upon which she was to be ruth. lessly sacrificed. (To be Cont/Itued ) 