TL+A YING A' GHOB10a'.' By HaENY A. HEnIxo . "I have just had a narrow escape, so .narrow that I shudder at the thought of it. Let it servo as a warning to those who would meddle with' the, occult Smysteries that surround us. Some twelve months ago I rented this place-Long lands-a8nd came to live in it by myself. I had been badly treated by a woman. •My first impulse was to plunge into thq wildest dissipations. of ?Pris?for Vienna, but on second tloiUgllts I decided to take -_a-4qi?t-plae ihi the country, and brood ovyer my wroflgs. ,I had plenty of time. for doing this at Longlands-thd,whhole twenty-four'hours .were at my disposal, and any amount of ilaterial to work at. SI spent a "good deal of~time ins the library, where I wrote a cynical novel on the basis of my. diary.. .It is-called .'My Love of a Year," and I think it will create a sensation next spring. 'I truist my heroine will give satisfaction to her origiial, for. she is drawn from life.' These was another woman in the book good and true, and from' Jack of recent experienice of this :type I idealised a. Sportrait that-hung aboveo sie. 'It was that of an Elizabethan-girl, and :- ever sweeter face -Was drawn hn canvas. -If was a face as: honest as.it?was sweet. ·The i?oul that looked throiughJhe hazel. eyes was incapable of deceit; those' lips could no more utter untruith than could their kisses be given.to any other than the man who had won her love for ever. And where could those faint ruses on her cheeks be matched to-day ? And -that aureole of hair ? That portrait grew upon me, and I used to talk to it as though it .were, indeed a living being. I even began to pay it little attentions in the shape of flowers. It seems absurd enough 'now, but I was scaicely answerable for my actions. I was smarting from ani ntolerable wrong,. and I eagerly' sought consolition from the first pair of bright eyes I came across. SI rew to fancy the portrait smiled ulion me, and sometimes I imagined it.tried to speiak. O iine never-to-be-forgotten night 1 flung down nly pen. I had just depicted the scene in which' I had" discovered my l.,aura'su perfidy, and all the old ;agony :'.returned. My eyes miet those of the portrait. ' "Yoiu,; you," I cried, "you could never have done this thing. Would I had .met you.inatead I Speak td .me 1 Comi back to lifeoand pity .me." And then the futility -of my 'ords Scame .to me, and.I threw mnyself into a chair:an'd"stard gloomily into the fire, It was not a, cold .nighlt, and the fire' was there as inifch for" theerfulness a 'ahyulgi'h but shiwertd. --A eold bt eth . em- d toperatde tlhe 'room. f It was as thopDh a blTok of ice te?kenear me.' Again I' shvered, und: this tinie I' looked rounid. .,I'graped thlie arm of my.chair. Could' I be'dreaming or what ? , There at my-side was a shadowj film. As I stared with open eyes it intebsified and gradually Sassumed humain proportions, and soon there was before me the shape of a lady '-an old lady in farthingale and ruffle an ancient dame of the sixteenth cenltury, .I stared 'blankly at the appa~jition somewhat rudely I fear-for she simpered " absurdly, and then said- -: "Alack, sir,' now your wish is granted, : can you find no:better greeting for ine ?" " My gdod 'madam,' I replied, when my astonishment had in a measure sub dued, "you speak in riddles. I'am, of course, delighted to see you, but the dis appointment' is of your own" making." "rNay, indeed. E'en now you called me, as you have for many a long'day, and I have answered your wish." -I simply-gasped. "I "certainly did' call upon. a'-lady to appear, but it was the one whose portrait is yonder. I havenot had the :pleasure of seeing you in ois,'I believe." I verily think the old womai tried to blush, but it was a ridiculous 'attempt,; at any -rate, she looked' down'bashfully andsaid--" " That is iny portrait, sir, painted some years ago." :- Great Heaven l" I cried. "You don't mean to say that's you ?" -::"Jndeed it is. And a :passably good -likeness too." 'I fellklck in -my chair in 'blank dis-: may. • . "But; madam,'-I- cried:at length, "I. don't know you at -all. That' lady' I do know. Can you not appear in her form,' if you are inideed she ?" S"Alack, no," said the shaeide, " I can not do that. We may only agpear'as we' were when we died. I :was killed by lightning when watering 'my favourite rose-tree. See here is the.mark." S-hebnliither head towards me. There' inay have been a mark; but I had not' time to notice it as I hastily pushed my '- nilr i*?wards. It was really toe- hastly. I had'got 'iy fair Elizabethan but i'vha a travesty she was of her portrait. She was simply hideous-wrinkled and crow's-footed; Sshe had not a bit of colour about her, and her expression nwas anything but nice. -"Madam," said I, determined to cut \-- the interview short, for I really didn't likeit. "I don't want you. 1 wanted . that lady for--er, literary purposes. You won't do at all; you'd better say good night." "Softly, young sir; you cannot get rid of me so easily, All these long, weary years I have been hdvering about, waiting for you, my livinig afinity; and now, iaving found you, we cmn never part." I- got up in a hurry, determined to end the interview. "MIy good lady," I raid, "I am sorry to disappoint you, as you've been waiting so long, but you've got hold of the wrong man. I'm sure I'm not your living affinity. If you won't part, I will." And I made for the door. Then a horrible thing happened. Bc fore I had gone a couple of yards site ·glided up to nme and seized nmy hand. It ivas an iey-claiinly, ioithisoml toucl', aid it thrilled me through and. through. 1 *as rooted to the floor, alid could not Smove. How long it lasted I-do niot know, but all stredgth seemed graduallj to ooze from me; and, finally, I feill down, and remembered nio more. When I came rouud I was' alone. The candles were flickering in their sockets, and the fire was out. I was horribly weak; but at-length managed.to crawl to bed, eext ilorhing I felt better,! but ati1 .'terrcbly wicsk. M/iy .i'advehmie did:.not bear day-lig?t, and I iput it? down td an ovcrwrouht -brain- ' I deccided t:odo 'o -ork thsi d;' and I Iwent instead fort . long rid? ?turnitimi all thie i'etter fo thiie .pnwonted ex.rclse. I resolved not to visit the library until my nerres were in better condition, so kept otb the dining-room that night. I had a good dinner, and then sat smoking my pipe. I fell asleep, and my dreams carried me from the Sahara to the North Pole, nid then I had found that I grasped it; and.awoke sopdednly. . s .1:-too horrible. There was that wreichbed Elizabethan standing over me, holding': onie hatid in hers. In vain I struggled to free myself ; she held it like a vice. - "Comoa fur a frolic," she said, "the night is still young." Impelled by a will 1 could not under stand, I followed her. She opened the window, and away we went. As I.felt ny legs leaving the ground, I struggled like a drowning man, and clutched vainly at imy shadowy guide. At length as 1 continued to rise, I ceased my struggles, and resigned. myself to my fate. Witches flying througlf the air onil broomsticks would no. doubt appear curious to observers; but' I think the sight of a modern Englishman in evening dress float ing hand in :hand with an elderly Eiiza bethan tady, looked more ridiculous. I doun .think we attracted much atten tion, for the' population was scanty, and there nerer few astronomers among them. One man paw us, however, and he had a gun. tie possibly thought it was his one chance in life for securing a great hawk, for he deliberately aimed at me and took off tlh heel of my shoe. My companion put ol pace after that, and we slkimmed the countty'in fie style. It was ex hilaratiug enougli at first, but very soon I grew horribly weak. Again my strength seemed to be oozing away, again I became unconscious. It was the same tale. I awoke Sy the dying fire.' The window was open. I closed it, looked thoughtfully at my damaged shoe, and staggered to bed. Nest day I. ran up to town. I dined at my club, and then went to a music- hall with a friend: I felt I was safe there. Even if.my Elizabethan could trace me, she scarcely dared show herself iii a place like that The. pr gramme was almost through when a bljst of icy air struck me. "Coondnm& it I- they ought to close those dooets,'MI said to Boldsihay. " It's abominabe' to let the cold wind in." "I wish it woulil come my way," said he. " I' m;2ustabout melted." Mylieiel. sank. Could it be-possible " Trusitt!n" said a voice at my elbow. I scarcely-dared glance round, but there she was, sitting on the arm between me and. my neighbour, a fat old gentleman. She grinned horribly. " 1 was fond of the play in my- day;" she said, "but we'd nothing like this. ' "Go hlome!" I said rudely., "This isn't the pl ce.for you." "Sir," s4id my neighbor in the"fleslih " if you ad ressed that remark to me, it's a piece of great impertinence on your part." "I was speaking to the lady betw.een us," I stainm?red The old tgentleman leaned forward through the Elizabethan, and said to Boldshay: "Your f~end doesn't seem well, sir; my advice is, take him home." Boldshay turned towards.the speaker, and as hie did so a curious look passed over his face'.' " Come ong, Fred," said he, "I think we'-e tter go. Give me your hand " : I took li .:For a moment my other wias grasp by the icy one of the shade, but only for' moment. With a shriek which ough to have raised a cry of "Fire !" in he house, but didn't, she let it drop, a tI followed Boldshay out. 1\. He said no .iiig until we were iin his roomi. Them ilasked tnce to tell him all, anid Itold hi ' - S" I-'tlucl for youf 'i was with you to. night;.' ?e s'i hen?,1 had 'ended, " or there.:w vuld tide beien a scene.:' I saw her iriyscelf, dt a. oice- raspect. thi .Rnaofon i oivavr acfhoxrtsican, a und am t iOami-r wits'c ,difficulties. You've got into the Ii ds of. a spook. Yourfair Elizabethanl iust have had- a large element of- tie flesh in her, since her lower nature ias been hanging about all these certuriis. She is living on you, and practicatllydraining you of your life." " But can nothing be done to stop her ?" I criei "Yes," sa 'i:Boldshay slowly, "I think I can help y .l I must run over to your place-the os tner the better. To-morrow, if you like ~' The next iday.we started for Longlands. It was latE, ineiwe arrived, and as soon as dinner "?-i over we adjourned to the library. Bolfshay produced some things he had brou ht with him from town-a couple of c.rked jars, an empty glass bottle, a chissig-dish and a glass rod. He had a good:look at the portrait, and then we sat down. "You most concentrate your thoughts on the wommn," said he, "and will her to appear. Y(u must be very determined, as I am *ai.present - an antagonistic element." I willed r hard as I could, and in about half-an-houishecame, as he had predicted. She seened troubled, and looked defiantly at Boldshay. • He muttred some unknown words and made a inmyterious sign, at which the lady seemed cor4iderably distressed. .?Let mesgo," she cried. "No," 'aid Boldshay sternly, "I've something',o say to you. You had better leave us?sine, Fred." The si? :k appealed to me piteously to stay andn aie her, but I only answered her coldly. !1ieft the room, and waited outside isn he hall. I can' siy what occurred in the library. All I knew is that the most terrible screams and cries pruceeded from it. They were really heart-rending, and had Boldshay? been operating on anyone else I should c?i;tainly have interfered, but an it was I'bnly smiled grimly. In about a quarter of an hour the door opened, and Boldshay beckoned to me. lie was in his .shirt sleeves, very pale, with great beads of perspiration on his ace. The room reeked with a powerful odour, and dense fumes still hung about. "Well, have you cleared her away ?" I anxiously asked. " Yes. It was a fearfully ticklish business, for she clung desperately to her existence but I managed her at last, and I don't think she'll trouble you again. This is all that's left of her!'" And he held up the glass bottle, now filled with a dark- blue fluid. " You'd better keep the stoppe? in for a fortnight," he added; " after that she will be quite harmless. I: wormed some particulars of her life from her, and found she had a shocking record. She poisoned three of her husbands, and tried to do for the fourth, but drank from the wrong goblet herself, and so died." I thanked Boldshay warmly. He had saved my life I. Lbelieve he read a paper on the incident at the next meeting of the Rosicrucians. I kept the stopper in for three weeks, and then utilised the Elizabethan as ink. I finished my novel with her, aiid am now using her for ghost tales. I find she gives them splendid local colour. - 