SYDNEY BOUDOIR GOSSIP. . I Br Zaea.] My last communication informed you of tbe fact that I was about to indulge in a holiday. The noisy streets and the whirl of society impress upon my mind but too strongly the truth of my return to town. No more breezy hills, no more coaches and four, no more stillness of my country retreat ! Nothing but rushing trams, whistling engines, balls, dances, and teas. Tumut and its lovely ' I.C . bu i,ne roiaea volumes of the past; Sydney and its frivolities open the new volume of the future. Yet, I must call upon my memory, and tell you somewhat of the pleasant fortnight I spent among the Tumut hill?, and make you look with your mind's eye what I enjoyed with my physical eye. Imagine a little town picturesquely situated in a valley Burrounded with hills, the Tumut river glistening here and there in the sunlight, when the overshadowing willow treeB will let it. Just nowyof course, the country has its winter dress on, and. willows, elms, and poplars' alike bend their ghost-like branches before the southerly wind. Tho rain, however, came while I was there, and turned the country from brown to green, indicating a little what the scene would loot like in spring, when the fresh green leaves would be out, and the wild rose and briar in bloom. Such lovely drives as we had, und scrambles over the paddocks for mushrooms. Twenty-four miles from the railway station, Tumut is naturally unsophisticated and delight fully primitive. The utigroomed-like coach which carried us along wa3 amply counter balanced by the four sturdy horses, and interesting driver, and no words can pourtray the beauty of the country we passed through. I longed to £0 on to t ho YarranirnliiJlTr^nrao mllnn further south, for they eay the country is magni ficent and the caves well worth visiting. I went up for a really quiet timo but before I knew where I was the people had me mounted on a platform fixed up with yellow shaded lamps, etc., lecturing to them on metaphysical healing, and before I knew where I was again they had formed two classes for me to teae'n, one at 2 o'clock the other at 7.30, so you see my quiet time was a very buBy time. But it is lovely to set the ball of health and happi nesffrolling, so I did not mind. Socially Tumut is not very exciting, but they managed to get up a nance wane l was there and there were the usual 4 o clock teas to go to. My host and hoBtess were kindneas and hospitality itself and sent me home laden with photos and all sorts of good things for my boudoir. As for Sydney, well, Rita was in giving me all the goBsio of the day. The Governor has been at Dr. Hayo' place, Coolangatta, and came back yesterday, and the polo players have been entertainflii if Government House. The unfavourable weather interfered with the Bocial Buccess of the polo, but Lady Hampden gave a tea, and besides her daughters, the Mi6ses Darley, Mrs. C. B.Fairfax, Lord Richard Nevill, Captain Fielden, and Captain Stanley, were present. Lady Hampden haB been busy attending meetings, etc. She presided at the Council of women meeting. The meeting of the Girls Friendly Society Lodge, the Nurses Guild, but on Wednesday, on account of a slight cold, her daughters took her place at St. Vincents' Hos pital and presented the Mother Rectoress with J8350— -proceeds of the ball held a few months ago in the Town Hall in aid of that institution. The Hon. Alice Brand performed the little ceremony, and afterwards the visitors were taken round the nnri^Q atirl +:.-»♦ --\ri onforf-ainnJ n4- Hf ? French came with the Governor's daughters and there were also present Mrs. Mackenzie and Miss Doyle, the Hon. Sees., and a good many of the members of the committee. The ball in aid of the Prince Alfred Hospital brought in J2450, a splendid result which when doubled by Government will come in very handy for future improvements. MiBS Pedley is giving two at homes. The firBt came off last Friday and the second yesterday 17th, Miss Snowdon Smith, Lady Macleay, Mrs. W. B. Campbell, the Misses Saumarez Smith, Mrs. Uowlishaw, Madame Blanc, Judge and Mrs. Backhouse, and a number of others were at the first reception. L»dy InneB is at home at her residence, Elizabeth Bay, every Thursday evening, and on the afternoon of last Thursday Mrs. Gadsden entertained the Hons. Alice and Dorothy Brand, LBdy Innea, Mrs. French, Mrs. C. B. Fairfax,- Mrs. W. Mort, Mrs. McCormick, Mrs. E. Barton, Major and Mra. Spar row ot. afternoon tea. I have just come home from a pretty wed ding where the bride, Misa Langton, was in all the glory of white satin and her five maidens in jonquil yellow, the bodices con trasted with amethyst velvet. Two little' girls were in white liberty silk frocks over yellow, and carried floral crookB; all the bouquets were yellow jonquils except of course the bride's. The reception was held at Need's rooms, which were beautifully decorated with flags and ferns. Mr. Quinton, the bridegroom,, looked very hand some and as. happy as bridegrooms should be. . The Tempe ball comes off next Wednesday. The laBt meeting was held on Thursday. Mrs. Pren dergast, who dresses for a ball meeting just as carefully bb she does for the ball itself wore on this occasion a lovely gray cloth dress, exquisitely cut and finished 'with violet velvet and handsome buttons. She ia arranging a Spanish dance for tho ball. 