THE BISHOP OF GERALDTON. Consecration of Dr. Kelly. An Impressive Ceremony. FULL ACCOUNT OF THE PRO CEEDINGS. The imposing ceremony of episcopal consecration, which is one of the most significant celebrations in the whole ritual of the Church, was carried out with great promp and splendor in St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral on Sunday. The cere mony, as prescribed by the rubrics, is fixed on a scale befitting the high and holy functions about to be conferred, for, as the consecrating prelate solemnly says, " It is the duty of a bishop to judge, to interpret the scriptures, to consecrate, to ordain, to offer sacrifice, to baptize, and to confirm." The word biBhop means in itB general acceptation a spiritual overseer, and as by divine appointment. the Pope governs the whole Church, so each bishop is the spiritual head or ruler of the diocese assigned to him by the Holy Father. It is provided therefore that the ceremony shall be most imposing, and that there be at least two assistant prelates present. . The latter provision is considered so essential indeed that the Council of Nice declares the consecration to be null and void if this condition is not fulfilled. The personal preparation is not less important than the actual ceremony. The bishop-elect is re quired to make a retreat for the week prior to the consecration, while both he and the consecrating prelate fast on the day previous. This custom is in accord ance with the usage and traditions of the apostles, in order that the prelates may earnestly and effectually implore the grace of God, that the bishop about to be conse crated may be a fit minister of the Church, qnd that all present may . be better dis posed to receive the special graces of the occasion. . Sunday's ceremony is the third of its kind performed in the diocese of Adelaide, the remaining four prelates having been consecrated outside the colony. The first bishop, Dr. Murphy, was consecrated in St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, on September 8, 1844; Dr. Geoghegan in Melbourne, on September 8, 1859; Dr. Sheil in St. Francis' Church, Melbourne, August 15, 1866; Dr. Reynolds in St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral, November 2, 1873; Dr. O'Beily in St. Mary's, Sydney, May 1, 1888; and Dr. Maher in St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral, April 26, 1896\. Sunday's oeremony, therefore, makes the number of those consecrated without the See greater than those anointed within, but future bishops for the archdiocese will almost certainly be consecrated in the Cathedral. The Cebemohy. Shortly after eleven o'clock a solemn procession of prelates, priests, and acolytes was formed and filed into the high altar of the Cathedral. The soene was sin gularly impressive. The appearance of the altar with its brilliant decorations, the varied colors of the vestments, the costly ihBignias of office carried by the prelates, sill combined to throw an irresistible charm of dignity and grace over the proceedings. His Grace the Archbishop, wearing , the ■c&ppa;, magna; the assistant bishops robed in rochets, amices, stoles, and copes, and wearing white mitres; the bishop-elect robed as a priest in pure white, assisted in making the scene resplendent and inspiring in the extreme. Assembled before, the high altar, the Archbishop proceeded to the throne, attended by the Very Rev. Father Vincent, C.P., and Bev. Father Carroll, S. J.. Before the altar sat the consecrating pre late (Bight Bev. Dr. Corbett), while the Bishop-elect (Bight Bev., Dr. Belly) and the assistant Bishops (Bight Bevs. Dr. Dunne and Dr. Maher) sat oh either side, before him. The other priests taking part in the ceremony were the Very Bev. Father Hurley (deacon), Bev. Father McEvoy (sub-dOacoh), Very Bev. Arch priest Nevin (asistant priest), Father Cos grave (master of ceremonies), Father Col lins, of Melbourne (chaplain to Dr. Belly), Very Bev. Father Norton, V.CL (chaplain to Dr. Maher), Father MacBillop, S.J. (chap lain to Dr. Dunne), Father Cornes (assis tant master of ceremonies), and Fathers Alfred, C.P.,Enright,andByauL. ; ,l After the preliminary salutations of the consecrating prelate by the bishop- elect mid the assistant bishops, Dr. Dunne, arore and said " Holy 'Church demands that this priest present shall be raised to the episcopate." The Apostolic jBriefs were demanded, and the consecrating prelste declared that they should be feed, This having been done, Dr. Kelly took the okth given in. the ritual.. The examination, which is one :of the , most ihteresting features of the ceremony, was then begun. The questions, which ; were given by Dr. ..Corbett in . a voice singularly clear and impressive; were put jnorder that the saying of the apostle "Bp thou not hasty in consecrating *xtJ mail" might be realised5 also that jthut bishop abont to he examined mmht be ii^taetedhbw fode meanhimpellinhisnewoffi^ that, the rehsetjretiiig? imposition of hands might be irreprehensible. Text of.the Examination. As each question was put Dr Kelly arose, uncovered his, head, and gave the appro priate answer. The most important of the questions and answers were as follows :— Wilt thou, both by word and example, teach the Flock, for which thou art ordained, those things which thou under standeth from the Holy Scriptures ? I will. Wilt thou reverently receive, teach, and keep the Traditions of the Orthodox Fathers, and the authoritative enactments of the Holy and Apostolic See ? I will. Wilt thou uniformly render to Peter, the blessed Apostle, to whom by God was given the power of binding and loosening, and to his Vicar Leo XIII., and to his suc cessors, the Bishops of Borne, fidelity, sub jection, and obedience, according to the injunctions of the Canons ? I will. Wilt thou restrain thy practices from all evil, and to the utmost of thy power, God helping, direct them to all goodness ? I will Wilt thou, with God's assistance, observe thyself, and teach others to observe chas tity and sobriety ? I will. Wilt thou forever continue a bondsman in the affairs of God, and estranged from earthly affairs, and base .lucre, as far as human frailty permits thee ? I will. Wilt thou preserve humility and patience in thyself, and teach the like to others P I will. Wilt thou, for the .sake of God's holy name, be affable and merciful to the poor, to the stranger, and to all in need P I will. The consecrating prelate then says: These and all other good gifts, may the Right Rev. W. B. Kelly, Bishop of Gepaldton. Lord confer, upon thee, and may He keep thee and strengthen thee in all goodness. And all answer, Amen. Dost thou believe according to the measure of thy understanding and con ception the Holy Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy 'Ghost, to be one God Almighty; and that the whole Godhead is in the Holy Trinity, in essence, in substance, in eternity and omnipotence the same, of one will, power, and majesty, the Creator of all creatures, from whom are all things, through whom are all things, and in whom are all things which are in Heaven, or in earth, visible and invisible, corporal and spiritual ? I asssnt, and so I believe. Dost thou believe that, in the Holy Trinity, each Person is the one, true, full, and perfect God ? " I do believe. Dostthqu believe, that the very Son of God, the Word of God, born of the Father from all eternity, consubBtantial, of the same ppwer, And in all things co-equal with the Father in Deity, was born in the time of the Holy Ghost, from Mary ever a virgin; having two births, one before all ages from the Father, the other in time from a Mother; that He is true God and true Man, proper and perfect in both natures; not an adopted nor ideal son, but the only and the one Son of God; in two natures and of two natures, but in the singleness of one Person, impassable and immortal in his Godhead; and yet, that in His human nature, He suffered for us, by a true suffer ing,oftheflesh, .and was buried; and, with' a: true resurrection oftheflash, rose,again ' on the third day; and that on the fortieth day after His resurrection, with the flesh in which He rose, and with His bouI, He 'as cended into Heaven ; , and that He sitteth oh the right hand of the Father, and thence will pome to jndge the living and the dead ; and will render to every one according to his works, whether they be good, or whether they be evil ? I assent, and so in every point I do believe. Dost thou likewise believe that the Holy G-host is full, and perfect, and true God, proceeding from the Father and the Son, co-equal and co-essential, co- omni potent and co-eternal, m all things, with the Father and the Son ? I believe. Dost thou believe this Holy Trinity to be not three Gods, but One God Almighty*, eternal, invisible, and unchangeable P I believe. Dost thou believe that the Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church is the one true Church, in which the one true baptism is given, and the true remission of all sins ? I believe. Dost thou also anathematize every Heresy which lifteth itself up against this holy Catholic Church ? I do anathematize them. Dost thou also believe in a true resur rection of the same flesh which thou now bearest, and a life everlasting P I believe. Dost thou also believe that of the New and the Old Testament, of the Law, and of the Prophets, and of the Apostles, there is but one and the same author, God the Lord Almighty ? I believe. Then the consecrator says: May this faith be increased for thee by the Lbrd, unto thy true and eternal bliss, mo3t be loved brother in Christ. And all answer, Amen. The Mass of the Day. The examination having been concluded the mass of the day was begun in dif ferent chapels. Dr. Corbett, as consecrat ing prelate, remained at the high altar, but Dr. Kelly and the assistant bishops filed into the altar of the Sacred Heart, where the bishop-elect was vested with pectoral cross, sandals, flowing stole, dalmatio, chasuble, and maniple. After the epistle Dr. Kelly was conducted once more before the consecrating prelate in the centre of the altar, and all knelt and prayed that "Almighty God providing in His benefi cence, for the utility of His Church might bestow a plenteousnese of grace on this Elect through Christ our Lord." The Litany of the Saints was then said, Dr. Kelly lying prostrate meanwhile. This over, the bishop-elect arose, and Dr. Cor bett and the assistant bishops taking the book of the Gospels placed it open over the neck and shoulders of Dr. Kelly, all three saying together, " Receive thou the Holy Ghost." The Ceremony op Anointing. The chief portion of the ceremony—that of anointing the head of the Bishop- elect was then commenced. Preparatory to this important office Dr. Kelly's forehead waB wrapt with linen, and the hymn, Veni Creator was intoned. Dr. Corbett then arose, and placing, an apron upon his knees anointed the head of the bishop elect, who knelt before him, saying, "Be thy head anointed and consecrated in the order of High Priest, by heavenly bene diction in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." Continuing, the conse crating prelate said, "May this, O Lord, flpw abundantly on his head; may it reaeh his lips; may it descend to the extreme parts of his body; so that thei. po wer of ThySpirit may re plenish him interiorly; , and cover him all around exteriorly, ; May the constancy of faith, the purity of divine love, and the sincerity of peace abound in him. May his feet, by Thy gift, be beautiful to preach peace, and to carry glad tidings of good things. Give to him, O Lord, the ministry of reconciliation, in words, and in deeds, in the power of signs and prodigies. Lst his speech and preaching be, not in the persuasive words of human wisdom, but in the showing of the Spirit and power. Give to him, O Lord, the keys of the kingdom of' heaven, that he may employ without osten tation, the power which Thou dost impart, for edification and hot for destruction. Whatsoever he shall bind on earth, be it bound also in heaven; and whatsoever he shall loosen on earth, be it loosened also in heaven; whose Bins he shall retain, be they retained; and whose sins he shall remit, may they be by Thee remitted. Whatsoever shall curse him, be himself accursed; and whosoever shall bless him, be himself replenished with benedictions. May he be the faithful and wise servant whom Thou, O Lord, appointest over Thy family, to give them meat in season, and to render every man perfect. May he be in watchfulness diligent, in spirit fervent; may he detest pride; may he love humility and truth, and be never led, by praises or fear to abandon them. May he never put light for darkness nor darkness for light; may he never call evil good, nor good evil; may he be, to the wise and to the unwise, a debtor, that from the profit of all, he may gather fruit. Promote him, O Lord, to the Episcopal chair, to rule Thy Church, ahd the Flock committed to him. Be thou unto him authority; be Thou his power, be Thou his strength. Multiply upon him Thy benedictions and grace: that by Thy gift he may be worthy to obtain mercy through his prayers: and be, by Thy grace, devoted toi Thy love. Through our Lord Jesus Christ, Thy Son, who, together with Thee, liveth and reigneth in the unity of the Holy Ghost, world without end. Amen." The hands of the bishop-elect were then bound, placed in the form of a cross, and anointed. The crozier was blessed by Dr. Corbett and given with the words:— Receive this staff of the pastoral office, that in the correction of vice, thou mayest employ severity with kindness, and exercise judgment without anger: and that in cherishing virtue, thou mayest soothe the minds of thy hearers, without neglecting in thy peacefulness, and severity of re proof. Amen. The episcopal ting was also blessed with the words:— Receive this ring, the pledge of affiance, that, being adorned with the token of un tainted fidelity thon mayest guard with honor incorrupt, the spouse of God, His holy Church. Amen. The book of the Gospels, which had hitherto been held over the shoulders of Dr. Kelly was closed and presented to him, Dr. Corbett saying Receive the Gospel, and go forth, and preach it to the people committed to thee: for God iB powerful to augment His grace to thee, who liveth and reigneth, world •without end. Amen. Conclusion of the Mass. The newly consecrated bishop, accom panied by the assistant bishops then re turned to the alter chapel and the mass was continued on both altars to the end of the Offertory. The consecrating prelate again seated himself in the middle of the altar, and the newly consecrated bishop coming from the chapel made an offering of two lighted torches, two loaves, and two vessels of wine. The mass was then continued on both sides of the alter, and at the com munion Dr. Corbett and Dr. Kelly partook of the same host and the same chalice. Towards the conclusion of the Holy Sacri fice the mitre was blessed and put on the head of the newly consecrated bishop, and he was conducted by the assistant bishops through the church, giving his blessing to the people as he passed. At the end of the mass the solemn pontifical blessing was given, and Dr. Kelly having been received to the Kiss of Peace by the other bishops was conducted away. Thus ended one of the most impressive ceremonials ever carried out in the diocese of Adelaide. 