THE REID PROPOSALS. The Reid proposals for the resumption of the Federal movement have been laid before the New South Wales Parliament. The influence of the recent general elec- tion in New South Wales is visible in every clause. A Parliament was returned about equally divided in numbers in allegiance to Mr. Barton and to Mr. Reid, but both sides ardently claiming to be federal. Hence the new proposals are studiously moderate. Perhaps the hardest nut in the bag is the stipulation that the capital of the Aus- tralian colonies shall be “such place within the boundaries of New South Wales, as the Federal Parliament may determine.” The site of the capital is, however, a secon- dary consideration. It will be observed there is no demand that Sydney shall be the capital. According to Mr. Reid, it may be fixed anywhere—Bathurst, Albury, Deniliquin, Wentworth, or on top of Mount Kosciusko, provided that it is within the territory of New South Wales. The loca- tion of the federal capital may appear to be a big one now to us, with our “small” and peculiarly localised ideas of the expendi- ture of Government moneys. But as the Commonwealth grows in wealth and popula- tion, necessary expenditure by the central Government within the boundaries of the place that may be chosen for the capital will become relatively of less and less im- portance. We never hear of New York, Chicago, Philadelphia, Boston or other of the great commercial capitals of the Ameri- can Union envying Washington because there the official machinery of the federal Government is located, and because thereby Washington was created as a city. Nor in the Canadian Dominion, which is nearer what our own case will be, do we find Toronto, Montreal, and Quebec consumed with jealousy of the federal expenditure at Ottawa. It is a rather “cheeky” proviso on the part of Mr. Reid that New South Wales shall have the capital. But he has his colony behind him in preferring such a request, and that is more to his pur- pose (we fear) than the federation of Aus- tralia on any terms. He is a politician. So far as Victoria is concerned, we may be very sure that Melbourne is out of it. Sydney is so jealous that it would meta- phorically take a rope and hang itself through vexation, if by any fluke Melbourne was fixed upon for the capital. If the other colonies arc agreeable to Mr. Reid’s proposals on this head, a move- able capital could be fixed on, giving each of the present provincial capitals a turn, still a permanent local habitation and a name is selected for the future official home of the Parliament of the Australian nation. The other proposals are comparatively simple, and if the New South Wales Par- liament approves of them, need not very severely tax the patience of the other Aus- tralian premiers, members of Convention, and Parliaments. From a Liberal point of view, there will be a distinct improve- ment in the Constitution Bill of which Vic- toria, South Australia, and Tasmania ap- proved in the recent referendum, and of which New South Wales also approved, but not by a sufficiently large majority. Sum- marised, the new points are—the substi- tution of a simple majority for the three- fifths majority in the joint sittings to settle deadlocks, otherwise the addition of the referendum, and the elimination of the Braddon clause which provides for the re- turn to the States of three-fourths of the Customs revenue. The other clauses of the resolutions are not very important, and where they relate to matters of finance can be settled between the premiers. Should the Reid and Braddon parties in Parlia- ment not fall out over the resolutions, or make such additions to them that practically a new Federal Constitutional Bill will have to be drafted, all may yet be well with federation. But whilst Australian federa- lists may implicitly rely on the bona fides of Mr. Barton, the other party will bear a deal of watching—and then perhaps be one too many for the watchers. So long as Mr. Reid is at the helm of affairs in the senior colony, Australians must not be sure of federation till they get it. In the meantime, however, from the humblest to the highest, federation should be the na- tional aspiration. To-day’s Events.—Commons Managers, 8 p.m.; meeting timber prop- getters, Hogan’s Courthouse Hotel, 3 p.m.; annual meeting Typographical Society, Trades Hall, 7.30 p.m.; meeting Enginedrivers’ Association, 8 p.m. Our Supplement to-day contains special columns on Music, Art and Drama, Farm and, Garden Notes, Literary Notes, Funny Bits, Science and Inventions, Religious and Temper- ance Notes, “At the Beehive,” by “Mosquito;” Turf Notes, by “Coo-ee;” Football Notes, by “Vet;” Cycling Notes by “Tangent;” Children’s Column ; final chapters of “The Mystery of No. 13 ;” and a variety of useful and entertain- ing reading matter. Forfeited shares in the Slate Reef, Alpine Consolidated, Dixon’s, Londonderry and North Old Chum Companies will be sold by auction to-day. Religious services will be held in the various churches to- morrow as advertised. The Railway Station Weighbridge. — At a meeting of the City Council a fort- night ago, attention was drawn to the fact that the railway authorities were erecting a weighbridge at the station, and the town clerk was instructed to make inquiries into the matter. The following letter was re- ceived yesterday from Mr. R. G. Kent, Secretary to the Railway Commissioner, in reference to the matter:—“In reply to your letter of the 2nd inst., I am directed by my commissioner to inform you that the weighbridge you refer to, at Bendigo, has been provided for the convenience of the department’s customers, and for check- ing purposes. No active canvass was made for business, although a few posters, inti- mating that the bridge was ready for use were sent to persons likely to be inte- rested. Similar bridges are at a number of other stations, so there is nothing un- usual in the erection of a similar one at Bendigo.” Lake Weeroona.—Mr. A. J. Rogers, hon. treasurer of the Sandhurst Rowing Club, wrote to the City Council yesterday on behalf of the committee of the club, drawing attention to the condition of Lake Weeroona, and urging that a sum of money be placed on this year’s estimates to have it thoroughly cleaned out. Mr. Rogers stated that there i at present from two to three feet of sludge in the lake, and that notwithstanding all the rain which has re- cently fallen, there is but 15 inches of water on the mud bank which extends across the centre. “You can,” said Mr. Rogers, “ap- preciate what a lovely odour will arise from this in the hot season, when this water has evaporated. In March last your parks curator reported to you that this work was one of great urgency. It has been left from year to year, and it has now reached the stage that it is impossible to put it off any longer. It is the only piece of water for miles round; and the picturesque grounds and the cycling track are a source of considerable pleasure to our citizens.” It was decided to consider the matter when the estimates are being framed. Masonic Choral Service.—The 12th an- nual service will be held at the Masonic Hall, View Street, on Sunday, September 11, to commence at 3 p.m., and will, as usual, be conducted under the auspices of the craft lodges, the Royal Arch Chapter and the Mark Masons Lodge. The service will be conducted by Past Grand Chaplain Bro. the Rev. E. A. Thomas, of Clifton Hill. The musical portion will be in the hands of the organists of the Golden and Corinthian and Zenith Lodges, and the choirs of the various churches, assisted by an efficient orchestra. The first rehearsal of the musical programme will be held at the Masonic Hall to-morrow (Sunday) after- noon, for orchestra only, at 3 p.m., choir rehearsal on the following Sunday. By ad- vertisement, all willing to give their as- sistance are cordially invited to be present, and join in making the service a success. Musical Theory.—It was pleasing to note the success of the pupils attending St. Mary’s College at the examinations in musical theory held in Bendigo last June, in connection with Trinity College. Nine pupils were sent in for pass certificate, and six out of the nine for both pass and honor certificates. All passed most successfully in the different sections—several taking very high percentages. Subjoined is the list of the candidates :—Misses Annie Mullany, Katie Wharton and Eliza O’Hal- loran, junior pass; Misses Annie McNally, Maggie McIvor and Dora Herbel, junior pass and honors ; Misses Maud M. Thorn, Rose Herbel and Katie Mills, intermediate pass and honors. Cabmen v. Trams.—At a meeting of the City Council, a fortnight ago, considerable dissatisfaction was expressed at a decision given by Messrs. Dwyer, P.M., and Faul and Wilson, Js.P., in a case against a cab- man named Henry Johnson, for wilfully obstructing a tram. The city solicitor, Mr. B. Hyett, reported to the council yester- day, as follows :—“As decided by you, I beg to report and advise on this case, which was heard in the Bendigo Police Court on July 18. It was a summons by the city inspector against the defendant, a cabman, for a breach of the tramway bye-law. The driver of the tram and the conductor both gave sufficient evidence, in my opinion, to warrant a conviction, and they were sup- ported by two disinterested witnesses who were passengers in the cab. On the other hand, the defendant and another cabman gave conflicting evidence. If the bench had merely set off the evidence of the cabmen against the evidence of the tramway em- ployes, I would have accepted their de- cision without demur, although personally I believed the evidence of the tramway em- ployes. The evidence, however, of the two passengers was so strong in support of the tramway men, that I have no hesitation in saying the decision was an unjustified and an improper one. The effect also is per- nicious, because it encourages the cabmen to drive in front of trams so as to block them, which is in itself a menace to the public safety. With regard to an appeal, I cannot advise such. It was not decided on a question of law, but on the evidence only, and the Supreme Court will not reverse a decision where there is evidence both ways, no matter how much it prepon- derates on one side. Besides this, the de- fendant is merely a driver for a cab pro- prietor, and presumably would not be in a position to pay anything of Supreme Court costs were given against him. I did not report the case, as I could not see my way to advise an appeal. I should also men- tion that the decision of the bench was not unanimous, but was a majority verdict.” The report was received without discus- sion. The New Mayor.—At the close of yes- terday’s meeting councillors met in the Mayor’s room, and it was unanimously deci- ded to request Cr. Harkness to allow him- self to be re-elected. Cr. Harkness has acceded to the request, and he will be formally inducted on Monday next. An Alleged “Well-known Peculi- arity.”—A short time since the City Coun- cil obtained a garnishee order against the Railway Commissioner in connection with rates owing to the council by a railway em- ploye named Craven. It was afterwards contended that the Commissioner could not be compelled to pay on wages belonging to the defendant. The council however ap- pealed to the Supreme Court in the matter with the result that the Commissioner will have to pay the money over to the council. Mrf B. Hyett, the city solicitor, reported the result of the appeal to the council yes- terday, as follows:—“I beg to report that your council was successful on the Su- preme Court application by the Commis- sioner for a writ of prohibiton, although I regret to say the judge would not allow costs. The prohibition was opposed by Mr. Deakin, who raised the preliminary objection that on account of the long de- lay by the Commissioner from the time of the garnishee order being made abso- lutely that he was not entitled to prohibition. The judge upheld this objection, but would not allow costs. The question of juris- diction on which the rule nisi for prohi- bition was granted was not agreed. It is quite inexplicable to Mr. Deakin and myself why the Court would not allow coasts to the victor, but although he contended strongly for them the judge would not grant them. It is a well-known peculiarity of this par- ticular judge to let each side pay their own costs. The Electric Light Company.—A com- munication from Mr. J. G. Edwards, chair- man of directors of the Bendigo Electric Light Company, was received by the City Council yesterday, as follows :—“The Bendigo Electric Light Co. Ltd., have a pro- posal before them, whereby the extension of their plant and consequent improved lighting of the city would be consummated, the conditions imposed being that the pur- chasing clauses in the agreement between the company be eliminated. If this coun- cil agree to the elimination, they can still avail themselves of the clauses in the El- ectric Lighting Act, should that at any time desire to purchase the plant and works of the company. Cr. Marks gave notice of motion that he would move at the next meeting of the council that the re- quest of the Electric Light Company be granted. An offer has been made by an English company to purchase the Electric Light Company’s plant. If they succeed, they will spend a large sum in purchasing a new plant. A substantial deposit has been made. An Illegal Fine Remitted.—It will be remembered that some time ago, imme- diately after the Chief Justice declared that the old form of vaccination summons was illegal, a batch of parents were summoned at the Eaglehawk Court for neglecting to have their children vaccinated. The first defendant called on, Matthew Galvin Harris, not being aware of the the informality in the summons, pleaded guilty and was fined 10s. with 2s. 6d costs. The others were defended by solicitors, who pointed out the Chief Justice’s decision to the bench— Messrs. Green and London. Their cases then broke down. Mr. Harris has since written to the Attorney-General, claiming that he is entitled to a remittance of the fine, and his claim has been upheld. Yes- terday the fine was accordingly remitted. McColl v. Hoskins.—This action for slander, which has been referred to Arch- deacon MacCulagh for decision, will come on for hearing before the arbitrator, in St. Paul’s schoolroom on Monday next, at 11.30. The witnesses have been notified to that effect. City Police Court.—The adjudicating magistrates yesterday were Messrs. T. Morrow and M. Tankard. Joseph Darwin was charged by Constable Doble with in- sulting behaviour at the Rising Sun Hotel the previous afternoon ; also with using indecent language in Dowling street. Con- stable Doble said that defendant had been lodging at the hotel. On Thursday after- noon he was sent for, and on proceeding to the hotel, arrested defendant, and took him to the lockup. Shortly after, he was bailed out. Defendant however again pro- ceeded to the hotel, and made use of the language complained of and consequently re- arrested. A fine of 10s for the first of- fence, and £1 for the second was imposed, in default seven days’ imprisonment. A week was allowed in which to pay. Mr. Roberts appeared for Darwin. An ine- briate was discharged with a caution. George Piper, Charles Kerr, John Collins, W. Wilson, G. Field, and H. Henry, cab- men, were charged by Sergeant Kilfeder as city inspector, with failing to take their places on the cab rank in the order of their arrival. The cases were proved by Constable moncrieff. Piper was fined 5s, and 11s 6d costs ; Kerr, Collins, Wilson and Field, 5s each, and 2s 6d costs ; and Henry 2s 6d, and 2s 6d costs. Alfred Fe- rarri and George Bright charged with driv- ing vehicles at night without lights were fined 2s 6d with 2s 6d costs. A collec- tor’s license was granted to H. Davis. Country Fire Board. —A communica- tion was received by the City Council yes- terday from the town clerk of Ballarat, stating that with respect to the Country Fire Brigades Board the hon. the Chief Secretary had addressed his council with ob- jection to accept the resolutions of a con- ference held on August 10, 1897. The Minister intimated that he will be pre- pared to consider any amendment that may be submitted towards the improvement of the representation of municipal councils. He had the honour therefore by direction to invite the Bendigo Council to send a delegate to a conference to be held at the Town Hall, Melbourne, on Tuesday, Sep- tember 6, at 11 a.m., when draft propo- sals will be available. Cr. Bailes and Hoskins were appointed delegates. Boating in the Upper Reserve.— With reference to the application by Mr. Gillett to place a pleasure-boat on the up- per reserve lake, Mr. S. G. Gadd, the cura- tor, reported to the City Council yester- day that he did not see any objection so far as the use of the boat was concerned, but he was certain there would be much trouble with the boys, when Mr. Gillett was not in charge of the boat. He thought it would be better, therefore, and more remunerative for Mr. Gillett if he were granted permission to use Lake Wee- roona, where his boat would be properly protected. It was decided to allow Mr. Gillett to place a boat on the dam during the pleasure of the council. Mr. Mentz and the City Council.—In forwarding his account for £150 to the City Council in connection with services ren- dered as engineer with respect to the sludge difficulty, Mr. Muntz, C.E., wrote as fol- lows :—I have to express my pleasure with the kind reception given me by your coun- cillors, especially your mayor and his offi- cers, and I sincerely trust that the results of the conference may be successful in deal- ing with the sludge difficulty. nnual COntracts.—The annual con- tracts were dealt with at yesterday’s City Council as follows:—Supplying spalls, gravel, etc, Michael Gleeson, spalls 6d, gravel 8d, White Hills, 1s 3d per yard; carting stones for metal, Casey and Gordon, 1s 0½d ; general carting; Henry Casey, 7s; street and channel cleansing alternative for one or three years, R. Miller, £1000 for one year ; supplying dust carts, current; supplying sawn timber, lime, cement, etc, deferred ; supplying general ironmongery, deferred ; jobbing smithwork, deferred ; supplying horsefeed, A. Bush, at schedule rates ; supplying brushware, G. J. Sweeney and Co., at schedule rates ; supplying glass for street lanterns, deferred ; supplying kerosene, Bradshaw, 1s 1¼d per gal- lon; laying tar pavement, deferred ; lamp- lighting, A. Caverio, £449 13s 3d ; blue- stone kerbs and pitchers, deferred ; print- ing for 12 months, deferred ; stationery for 12 months, deferred. Excursion to Ballarat.—The South street Debating Society’s musical and literary com- petitions, which are now being held, are creat- ing a good deal of local interest. Several well- known amateurs have forwarded entries for the various sections—music principally—and are hoping to bring back some prizes. The piece de resistance—the choir competition—will be keenly contested, Bendigo being well repre- sented. To enable Bendigonians to visit Bal- larat, an excursion train will leave Bendigo on Tuesday, September 6, at 2 o’clock, arriving at Ballarat in the evening at 6.25 in time for the choir competition. The price of tickets, etc., are advertised. “Where’s Johnny Coleman?”—It is very seldom that such a mixed audience patronises the Royal Princess’ Theatre, as that which crowded it last evening. About three-fourths of those present arrived at an early hour, and those who got into the dress circle were allowed to monopolise the seats which had been booked beforehand, much to the discomfiture of those who arrived afterwards and in ample time for the performance. The majority had evidently come to hear the popular humorist “Johnny Coleman,” and they certainly formed a very noisy and demonstrative section. At the com- mencement of the performance, Mr. Newbury announced that Mr. Coleman would not be present. This at once brought forth marked signs of disapproval and disappointment. They were evidently of opinion that they were being imposed upon, and kept on repeating “Where’s Johnny Coleman ?” Mr Newbury then explained that on the previous evening at Ballarat, Mr. Cole- man and another member of the company had an argument, and it ended in a rupture of diploma- tic relations. It would (he asserted) have led to serious consequences had not he been present at the time. Consequently he could not think of allowing Mr. Coleman to appear with the company. Mr. Coleman’s admirers received this announcement with “boo-hoos” and satiri- cal laughter, and throughout the evening a running fire of interjections was kept up, which was especially irritating to the management and unpleasant to the performers. “Where’s Johnny Coleman ? Fetch him out, Newbury!” and such like expressions were frequent, and grew louder and more pronounced as the per- formance advanced, and “Johnny” was not forthcoming. The display of feeling is certainly not to be wondered at, but all the trouble might have been saved by a telegram being forwarded from Ballarat on Thursday night to the effect that “Johnny” was not playing any more in their yard. The Bendigo audience might pos- sibly have been a little thinner, but it would probably have been much quieter. Starting Young.—Last evening Geo. McNamara, aged 23, a miner, living at Long Gully, was arrested by Senior-constable O’Keefe and Constable Rosenbrook on a charge of threatening to kill his wife. She complained to the constables and asked to have him locked up. She alleges that he caught her by the throat and threatened to kill her. Fatal Termination.—The aged miner, Henry Newton, died in the hospital yesterday afternoon from the injuries he sustained in an explosion at the Ironbark mine on Monday last. It will be remembered that he was work- ing a tribute with a miner named Rogers. They charged a hole, and Newton put a “snuff” of candle under the fuse to explode the dynamite. Thinking that the fuse had not lighted, he was walking back to put another “snuff” of candle under it, when it exploded, and he received the full charge in his face. His jaw was shattered, and his face and throat were terribly lacerated. He was 64 years old, and the injuries and shock to the system proved too much for his constitution. The inquest will be opened to- day. The deceased lived at Long Gully for many years, and leaves a grown- up family. Seasonable Inquiries.—Councillors were in somewhat of an inquiring mood at the coun- cil meeting yesterday afternoon. Cr. Carolin started the ball rolling, the recent election hav- ing evidently been productive of gentle “re- minders” from the electors. He said he was surprised to see that Mr. Griffiths, street tree curator, was constructing tree-guards in his yard. He thought he could make as many in a day as Mr. Griffiths would in a week, judging from what he saw. He would like to know who authorised him to make the guards instead of looking after the trees. The town clerk was re- quested to report on the matter. Cr. Bailes immediately followed, and asked why the sur- veyor had not been to the water trough being renewed at Long Gully, which it was decided long ago should be done. Attention had been called to it week after week, yet there was no sign of the trough. The rate- payers put the responsibility upon the members for the ward, and were continually complaining. The surveyor explained that there had been some difficulty in getting the right kind of timber, and promised to have the trough treated at once. Cr. McGowan then asked who was responsible for clearing away grass from the street channels. The mayor explained that the contractor for cleaning the channels was responsible. Cr. McGowan said that he hoped the matter would be attended to in future, otherwise he would bring it up week after week until it was done. The Newbury-Spada “Pops.”—The Royal Princess Theatre was crowded to the utmost last evening on the occasion of the first appear- ance in Bendigo of the Newbury-Spada Concert Co. There was scarcely standing room in any part and numbers were unable to obtain admission. The concert had the assistance of Mr. Roper, of this city, who sang “The Storm Fiend” in an accomplished and enjoyable manner. Mr. Phillip Newbury in his songs, “In the Cathe- dral” and “Come into the Garden Maud” was loudly applauded, while Mr. Walter Barker’s harp solos were most artistically rendered. An- ther pleasing item was the duet from‘ ‘Faust” by Madame Spada and Mr. Newbury. Miss Nina Schlotel met with much appreciation for her violin solos, “Mazurka” and “Berceuse,” the same young lady taking part in a duet for piano and violin “I Lombardy” with Mr. Walter Barker. Mr. Albert Whelan in his inimitable performance “Humorous Mimicries and Whimsicalities” took the place of Mr. John Coleman, who had been an- nounced to appear, but did not. Mr. Whelan was recalled several times, the audiences evi- dently remembering his performances in ‘‘The Gay Parisienne” and “French Maid.” Madam Spada appeared to greatly disappoint the audi- ence. Her first effort, “Roberto o tu ebe doro” was hardly up to expectations, and on her coming forward in the second part she re- ceived such a disagreeable reception that she left the stage and declined to sing. The pro- gramme was concluded with some excellent lantern and biograph views. Grievances of Hotelkeepers.—A mon- ster deputation of licensed victuallers and brewers of Melbourne and Bendigo yesterday waited upon the Premier to urge upon him the advisability of having several amendments in- serted in the Licensing Act. Messrs. H. Bur- ridge (president of the Bendigo Licensed Vic- tuallers’ Association), J. Cohn and W. Bruce represented Bendigo. The deputation was in- troduced by Messrs. Levi, M.L.C, Zax, Brom- ey and Tucker, Ms.L.A. They pointed out, amongst other things, the unfairness of the bar door clause, the clause compelling publicans to keep a light burning in front of their hotels from sunset to sunrise, and the amount charged for temporary licenses. It was argued that it was unfair to charge for a temporary license extending over one day or two at the most, and it was asked that in cases where sports are held by any particular club at intervals during a period of six months one tem- porary license should cover the whole. Matters in the Act were also brought under the notice of the Premier by the deputation. Mr. J. F. Duggan, president of the Melbourne Licensed Victuallers’ Association, and Mr. J. Cohn, of Bendigo, also addressed the Premier. Sir George Turner, in replying, would not commit himself, remarking that he would like to hear the other side. He was quite in accord with some of the views expressed by the deputation, and would consider their proposals. If his col- leagues were agreeable he “might” try to do something next session. For this vague pro- mise the deputation thanked the Premier and withdrew. Friendly Societies’ Dispensary.—The monthly meeting of the Board of Management was held at the institute last evening. Mr. H. Bosselman, president, in the chair. The sec- retary of St. Kilian’s Branch, H.A.C.B.S., wrote stating that Mr. J. Jeffrey had been appointed as the society’s third delegate on the board. Routine business was transacted, and accounts amounting to £241 14s 9d were passed for pay- ment. Nursing Class.—-A nursing class under the Auspiecs of the St. John Ambulance Society was opened last night, at the residence of the honorary secretary (Mrs. Howard James). In- structions were given in primary nursing and several new pupils were enrolled. An “Egg-Stealing Ghost.”—For some time past, a white spectral being has been seen after night-fall in the streets adjacent to the hospital, and as a result, the children, as well as a few of the more timid residents of the locality, are very chary about venturing outside after dark. A young lady was carrying a basket of eggs along Bayne street the other night, and she was so startled at the appear- ance of “the ghost” or something, that she dropped the basket and ran for her life. When nearly home it dawned upon her that she had been the victim of a practical joke, and she pluckily resolved to go back and get the eggs she had dropped in her fright. To her astonish- ment both basket and eggs were gone. She de- clares that nobody was about at the time (with the exception of “the ghost”) so the only con- clusion that can be arrived at is that the ghost stole the eggs and basket. George Rignold Season.—After an absence of 12 years, Mr. George Rignold is next Wednesday to open in the Royal Princess Theatre. He and his company have just com- pleted a most successful tour through Queens- land, under the management of Messrs. Holloway and Anderson. In Brisbane they played uninterruptedly for nine weeks. He will be supported by the full strength of his metropolitan company, and his initial pro- duction will reintroduce the spectacular military drama, “In the Ranks.” It will be followed by “Called Back,” “Lights o’ Lon- don,” “Confusion,” “My Partner,” etc. Morals and Finance.—Mr. Woolf (in the Melbourne Insolvency Court): “What justifi- cation is there for a man who does not pay his butcher and his baker losing £42 in mining.” Judge Molesworth: “A man can speculate with his own money, but not with money that be- longs to the butcher and the baker.” (Perhaps, he speculated with the hope and intention of making enough to pay off his banker, landlord, grocer, draper, milkman, “vegetable China- man,’’ and all the rest of the domestic creditors as well as the butcher and baker. This is a ques- tion of morals and finance that has no doubt before to- day been earnestly studied in places like Bendigo.) Christian, but not Samaritan.—An extraordinary incident occurred at the Glebe Police Court, Sydney. A case was called, in which a youth named Charles Winter, a pupil at the Christian Brothers’ College, Balmain, was accused of the Sabbatarian offence of dis- charging firearms on a Sunday. Another youth, bearing a strong resemblance to the accused, entered the dock, and pleaded guilty. The magistrate fined the boy £2 with costs, or to be imprisoned till 6 p.m. The constable who was removing the youth thought he saw some differ- ence, and remarked, “You are not the boy who did the shooting,” “No,” replied the lad, “he’s suffering from brain fever, and it is thought he’s dying. I am going to ‘do time’ for him. It will be all right.” The constable at once re- turned to the court and informed the magi- strates of the position of the boy. They admitted that he was not the accused. He was dis- charged, one of the magistrates remarking, “You are a faithful friend.” The case against Winter was postponed for a week. Trick Bicycling.—On the 2nd of the pre- sent month, a young man called at Mr. L. Herman’s bicycle depot in Pall Mall, and said that he came from Ballarat on a bicycle, and it had broken down at Kangaroo Flat. He asked Mr. Herman to lend him a bicycle for an hour, so that he could ride to Kangaroo Flat, and bring his bicycle back for repairs. He gave his name as William Watson, and his address as Ballarat. He paid 1s for the hire of the bicycle, and Mr. Herman has seen neither him nor the bicycle since. He obtained a warrant for his arrest for larceny as a bailee on the 4th instl. Detective McPherson wired a descrip- tion of the accused to the Ballarat police, and a day or two after he was ar- rested by Plainclothes-constable Rogerson. It was ten ascertained that he was wanted at Ballarat for passing valueless cheques for some time previous to his trip to Bendigo. He was before the last sittings of the Ballarat Assizes, and received sentences totalling three years for passing the cheques. The Ballarat police recovered Mr. Hermans’s bicycle at Win- demere, where the accused had tried to dispose of it. He will be brought before the City Court next Friday for the larceny of the bicycle. He is a smart active youth of 25 and has the appearance of a laborer. University Extension Lectures.— The last of the series of lectures on “Medieval Guilds and Modern Unions” was delivered at the School of Mines last evening by Professor Adamson, M.A. It was a general resume of the five previous lectures, briefly sketching modern economic questions, the history of labor, its triumphs and its strength, the resent position of the laboring classes and their pos- sible position in the future. Absolved.—Sorter Payne, of the Bendigo post office, has been absolved from suspicion in connection with the going astray between Ben- digo and Melbourne of a registered letter con- taining a diamond ring, the property of Mr. Kennedy, solicitor. Yesterday Mr. Williams, the postmaster, received a telegram from head- quarters directing him to instruct Sorter Payne to resume duties. At the Wesleyan Church, Quarry Hill, on Monday next, the Specimen Hill and the Eddy Family will render a select programme. Ad- mission free. The Rev. A. S. C. James will preach in St. Andrew’s Church to-morrow morning and evening. In the evening he will speak on “The All-seeing Eye.” For one week only, the large and varied stock of men’s and boys’ clothing of J. A. Eden, the cheap cash draper and clothier, of Mitchell street and Bath Lane, will be sold at a discount of 2s in the £ off the present low prices. Mrs. A. J. Thomas announces in our adver- tising columns that she has opened a machine knitting and dressmaking establishment at the “Bon Marche,” opposite the A.N.A. Hall, View street. By advertisement, Mr. Jas. Allen heartily thanks the ratepayers of the South Riding, Shire of Marong, for electing him one of their representatives, also the numerous friends who worked so hard to secure his return. The Hopetoun Brass Band will hold a social in the town hall on Monday evening. Dancing will commence at 8 o’clock. Kangaroo Flat Property.—Messrs. James Andrew and Co., auctioneers, report having sold a five-roomed w.b. house situated near the cricket ground, Kangaroo Flat, in the estate of the late Mr. S. Bird, under instructions of Mr. J. B. Hoskins, executor, for a satisfactory price. An extensive sale of general household fur- niture and effects will be held by Messrs G. H. Hobson and Co., at their rooms, on Monday next, commencing at 11 o’clock. The goods will be on view from 6 o’clock this evening. At the Victoria Hotel, this afternoon at 3 o’clock, Messrs. Alf. E. Wallis and Co. will sell 174a 3r 32p of land at Shelbourne, under in- structions from the mortgagee. At their bazaar to-day at 1 o’clock, Messrs. L. Macpherson, Sternberg and Co., Ltd., will sell a truck of extra heavy draught horses. Mr. J. H. Curnow will hold an extensive sale of properties at his rooms, View street, on Thursday next, comprising two lots at Long Gully, two lots in Anderson street, two vacant blocks in Bennett street, near the Garden Gully Hotel ; three acres and dwelling at Back Creek, and a large allotment in Adams road, near the Great Southern mine. Full particulars are ad- vertised to-day. An important sale of properties and shares will be held by Messrs. H. M. Marks and Co., at their rooms to-day, at 3 o’clock, when one share in the Royal Princess Theatre Co. and two freehold properties situated in Bridge street, in the estate of the late Edward Chand- ler, will be sold by order of the executors ; also a freehold allotment of land situated in Quick street, near Roe’s school, on account of Mrs. M. L. Tooth, and a two-story brick building and freehold land situated in Bernal street, on ac- count of Mrs. Simmonds. Full particulars will be found in our advertising columns. The Weather.—The readings at Mr. J. B. Edwards, Pall Mall, yesterday were:—Ther- mometer—9 a.m., 54°; 12 noon, 69° ; 3 p.m., 72° ; 6 p.m., 63 ; maximum, 73° ; minimum, 48°. Barometer—9 a.m., 30.8 ; 12 noon, 29.88 ; 3 p.m., 29.80 ; 6 p.m., 29.77. 