The Legend oi the Bloat. ?A TALE Of1 A CHRISTaiA^^yk i By G. MANVILLE frENN/. ;; . -???-. CHAPTER I. ?-'? :'; 'Oh, for Shame, Ri. The dear old tees never seemed eo lovely before. Just look at' the 'trees all sparkling with the snow 'and the lawns and tike flower- garden covered with their white tippets, looking so lovely and ?warm, and Dhe frozen, moat actually black. Cold? Freezing?. Why I feel all of a glow. Are my cheeks red?' 'Yes, dear, and I suppose it is because your 'heart is warm with 'happiness and ex pectation.' 'And so ought yours to 'be, I'm sure. Roderick Hilton is quite as nice a fellow as my Bob.' 'Don't, nle'nse don't. Nellv dear.' $ 'I must, 't'oj' I can't bear to see you look D ing so \inhappy and glum. Come, now, re s'-' ' collect it's Christmas Eve, when we ouglit '?,' ? all to be full of comfort and joy, and all :'-. the rest of it. I used to think I loved ?'.'.?.. clousin' Tom desperately, but fate — 1 mean ?.;?' father, said it was quite out of ithe ques X- tion, and t'hat if I married at all 1 must : have Robert Denveut, and what did I do? ;. I cried for a week, blew my nose till it was quite sore, and then I behaved like a dutiful daughter. What's the consequence? I've a quiet conscience, and I'm ready for ?heaps of enjoyment wdien Bob comes. Now Roderick Hilton will be here before long, and why can't you be the same?' . 'I can't, I ca'n't, Nelly.' ? . . '' 'I can't, I can't.' Just like a perse ; cuted heroine in a romance. But my darling old sis., you must, you must. What papa plans for us is like the laws of the Medes and Persians. There's no getting out of it.' 'Pray say no more, Nellie.'' '.Must, Ri. Come; Roderick's a dear, good fellow, and I know lie's very fond of von. He told me he loved you dearly, and ?lie's good-looking and ric-Qi. Why not take tlic good*, the god — I mean papa — provides you?' 'Because, Nellie, I toll you it is impos sible.' 'It isn't. You're weak; fathers strong, and you must give in. I was in 'hopes that all that about Marcus Croyland ended when we met in London in September. Oh. what a wicked, disobedient girl you are.' 'Is it wicked and disobedient to obey the dictates of my own heart, Nelly?' 'Oh, my, what fine language! \ es it is. Look there at Miriam Lee frowning down ut you.' ' The bright1 piquant speaker pointed up at' a half-length portrait leaning forward from the oak panelling of the grand old hall, at whose window they stood looking out on the srlorious winter scene of garden, moat, park, and Lincolnshire wold, and the sister started as she looked up at what mijjlit h;ive been her own counterfeit pre sentment, save that it had been painted a couple of centuries before. 'It is not true.' cried Hie tetter, pas sionately; 'her face is full of pity and sor row for ono who is as unhappy as she 'You're a dear, fanciful, loving, old goose,' cried Nolly, flinging 'her arms about her sister's waist, kissing her lov ingly, and then forcing her in variou^ di rections, as she kept on pointing at first one and tohen another of the old portraits in their antique dresses, whose frames were ornamented with glistening boughs of scarlet and green holly, with pearly mistletoe by way of relief, while a monstrous bunch of the latter depended from the great Queen Anne date brass can delabrum swung from the open dark oak ceiling 'by its great tarnished chain. 'Look; look, look! ' cried Nelly, merrily, 'they're all frowning down at you for be ing such an unruly girl as even to think of a wicked Croyland, knowing «s you do that the Lees and Croylands have always been enemies since the Black Croyland, who went away with Raleigh, behaved so shockingly to Reston Lee by— by— 1 say, Hi dear, what was it he did.' . Miriam shook her 'head sadly, and laid her soft cheek against her sister s white °'You don't know? Then you ought to. Dh, here's mother. Mother, dear, wnat was it the Black Croyland did in Queen Elizabeth's reign?' This to a very sweet-looking, plump, grey - haired lady in a dark olive-green velvet dress, half-covered with rich lace Which matched her cap, and who came hurrying into the hall with a loud rustling sound, looking flushed and anxious, as well as ivarm, in spite of the keen frost. ?'Oh. that's right; I'm glad you ve got a food fire. Mind there are plenty of logs .in Tin* great dmuehty 'hall takes a deal ?-f 'warming; but we'll have tihe great cur tains drawn al night.' 'Oh, we shall not be cold, mother dear., cried Nelly, kissing her. 'Look Ri, doesn t ilie look beautiful?' ?Hush, silly girl. But you two. There, I am proud of you. my dears; you look lovely; only Miriam, my darling you must brighten up now. No, no; 1 will not have tears. There must be no more nonsense. You know what your father ?wishes, and ? What was it you asked me as I esuie in, Nelly?' 'What the Black Croyland did to the 'My deer child, I don't know. It was name feudal nonsense or another; but do you think T have not enough worry on my mind now without bothering my brains aoout how the two stupid old families came to be at loggerheads.' 'On, mother, dear,' cried Nelly mis chievously, 'what would father say if he heard you?' 'I don't know, my dear, but he'd say a deal more if the lunch and dinner were not nice, and everybody's bedroom pre pared as it should be. The work I have fto do to get those maids to keep good fires going.' 'Oh, I do feel so idle, mother dear; Ri and I don't seem to Aiave helped you at all.' i 'For shame.' You've both been very good girls with the decora .itions, and you were two days .helping at the church. AH I /wanted was for yon both to he nice and ready for the people when they came, and really, my dears, you both look lovely.' ? 'You haven't seen my hands, mother; they're reft as beetroot, and pricked to pieces with t)he holly.' , 'Oh never mind that, my dear. Let me see; have I been to all the bedrooms?' 'You haven't had the Red Chamber got ready, of course?' cried Nelly anxiously. 'Well, only to have a good fire kept up in it, my dear. I made up my mind not to use that unless I was obliged. People ??: are so stupid about such things. I'm sure I wouldnt mind sleeping there at any \- itime. Ah, here's your father.' Sir Michael Lee thrust a heavy curtain :' on one side, and entered upon the heavy gallery which crossed one end of the hall, ; inarched rather pompously along, and then paused, gold snuff box in hand, at' the top of the broad staircase, where he looked jjjowjfitlhjiy 'Sn £&epiia;'g^Wi£h the bikcpr^tlfe, ;t&?y ^JPea?i' ideal of 'an 'lEtiglisli;.1 ienflpdaanv '6f tlfe early days of ' George *UL,:, in Vis .welltiitliing cutaway, ?darfcvb£pw'n 'coat and knee ? Bi^eches,. which ' isKpwe'd ,', off '?: the: shapely;, legs'. in 'Iheirglisteiijng brown, silk stockings a;id low shoes jviui-eteel ouekles. 'Ha, lie cried, :as ihp.teok a pinch' of BnuS in -the?J3t. James's-street ;6tyle,; closed the bos with a snap, and then, dusted away1 imaginary .specks from ;his lace shirt trill and cuffs, marching, slowly down, ex amining everything in turn, from the P°.lnt of .vantage of. the stairs. 'Capital. Might have been a little more greenery about the. old armor, and a few tufts more on those stags' Shorns; but take it altogether, the old ha'l looks'_glorious,- and lm proud of it, -proud; too, of our people n&to;?'' that great' bough of ],i?fXVe LS-8 hvn(fil of ^l* tanging from ?-f ? *i -Vt?,V3 as he stood downing. I think I'll have that rubbish down.' JXio, no, no, Michael dear,' cried Ladv i£?J &*?* &Ql;,h&j;e™nb™e ^hed ,,„ illV3 JJiue ana mnoeent at Christmas time. Girls like it too.' Oh, mother!' cried Nelly, feo you do, my dear. I know I did iTi d't ' aS y°nr agG- though I ahvaJ's de Huin! Ha!' ejaculated Sir Michael And at such a special time, . too, Michael, dear.' ' 'Hum! Ha! Yes,' said Sir Michael, un bending with a genial smile; and, taking his wife's 'hand, he led her gaJlantlv be ne/$J th,e l)early clusters and kissed' her I hank you, my dear,' said the lady, smiling proudly. 'Yes, Michael love, auti ,'£' lm aT) old woman J like it now.' Now, Nelly!' The father kissed the bright little thing who jumped up and clasped his neck to re turn the salute. 'Oh, you wicked little puss, you']] spoil my lace frills ' cried the father. 'Now Miriam, my darling.' He took kis elder child's hand, drew her beneath the great bunch, and kissed her gravely and tenderly, letting his left arm encircle her waist, and keeping it there afterwards as he looked proudly in the beautiful sad wistful eyes which 'gazed up m his imploringly. Then fuming to look up at the quaint old-world never-forgotten decoration, he said quietly — 'Yes, it's old-fashioned nonsense, wife but innocent, and we'll let it stay Miriam, my dear, a word with you.' Still keeping his arm about' his child's waist he marched proudly with her to the wide mullioned window, the upper part of which was blazoned with armorial bear ings in stained glass, while his lady and her younger child drew together, ex changing glances and nods as they went softly to the huge fire whose logs crackled and sparkled as the flames rushed up the wide chimney, sending a bright glow which made reflections all around the hall. 'Just a loving fatherly word or two. Miriam, my child,' said £ir Michael, after a pompous magisterial 'Hem!' one which was well known to offenders brought be fore the bench. The girl's quivering lips parted to speak, but the look she received awed her into silence, and she stood looking up in the handsome old face imploringly. ''Roderick Hilton ? ' The girl winced, but her father held her tightly. 'Roderick Hilton, I say, will be here shortly.' 'Bu't, father,' cried Miriam wildly. '?Silence, ray child. We have hn'd all that over in the past, and I have told you it 'is impossible. Now listen to ine. This is Christmas Eve, a time of happiness and rejoicing— a time of all others when families gather in goodwill, ready to for give all troubles of the past, with earnest, loving desires for the happiness of all in the future. Miriam, my child, you know my wishes— my commands, bu't I repeat tfhem now. I desire that you receive Roderick Hilton when he comes with all maidenly reserve of course, but with the , gentle yielding that a daughter of our ancient house should tender 'to the bnve, manly, young fellow who is to claim you as his wife.' A spasm convulsed the girl's face. 'Father,' she began. 'I must ? ' 'Silence. Not a word, Miriam. You have your duty to do, mv child. It is our wish. Remember, Mr. Hilton expects to be considered to-day as your accepted hus ban'd. 1 will hear no more. It is for your good.' j 'I can hear a carriage, Michael dear,' j cried Lady Lee. 'Hah, I felt that it must be near the time,' said Sir Michael, releasing the trembling girl. 'Don't leave the hall, Miriam, my love: but you are quite cold. Uo up to the fire.' She drew a deep breath, and went slowly towards 'the fireplace as her father looked out of. the side of 'the embayed window; ; and as the girl drew near to where her j mother and lister stood in the warm glow, Nelly caught her hand to give it a squeeze, I while her mother kissed her cheek. 'That's over now, my own darling,' whispered Lady Lee. 'Now you will be a good girl, and uo exactly what your father wishes.' Miriam Lee's eyes involuntarily rose to wards those of the beautiful portrait lean ing towards her With a peculiar pitying look, and the words of the old legend came back as she had heard it year by year since a child. 'And as they drew her from the moat all stiff and stark, her eyes were open wide 'and staring, and the drops that 'hung upon her long, dark 'hair froze hard in the cruel Wind till they ftiung around like pearls.' CHAPTER II. 'Ah, it is the boys!' cried Sir Michael, and as a post chaise drew up three of the baronet's men servants, in 'tiheir quadnt old-fashioned coach lace 'liveries, hurried across the hall and threw open the wide door, admitting a keen puff of air, which made the great heavy curtains sway and t/he fire roar. The chaise door was rattled open and the steps down, and two young men leaped out and hurried in, to be greeted warmly in turn 'by Sir Michael, who certadnly Showed good taste in his choice of gons-in-'law elect. 'Glad to see you. my lads, he cried. 'Come in, come in. See to the gentlemen's valises, Thomas, and give the postboy some refreshment. Here they are, my dear, lvalf-perished with tiheir cold drive. I won der they had the heart to come.' 'So glad to «ee you, Mr. Derwent. So nice of you to come the long journey, Mr. Hilton, prattled Lady Lee warmly. 'There do come to the fire, my dears.' 'Coild?' said tlhe younger of the two young men as he shook hands wi'th Miriam, who smiled alt him ratfher sadly, before turning to his companion wdtih the ran smile dying out. 'I feel hot,' he wills pered, as he took botih heT sister's hands. 'I'm blushing. I know I am. Oh, Nelly, dear little Nelly, at last!' 'Hush! don't,' was the reply. 'Ah, ibut you might tell me you're gla$ to see me,' -he pleaded. 'It would be only waste of words, sir. 'Then she oiifeh't' io I'.lfe thappjy Jifctle onei' for all 'through ther'driv&fi;&n;^bintSbla I've- Md -' to listen to ffiait . dhap's: . ^tilted liMki tfbottt liter. - 1 say 'Fm not %(alf ,-suc9f -if lover' asliejs.' ?.???:. ?? .''???u. ?'?:?: .'?/-?-?'??. -^'' :'--- A At tihe ? same ^nomerit 'Rodericlc Hi'lton,? Sir Midiael'-s choice, waVmakinjj that'gen 'tleman feel prpud-'of his;:.seleetoon; fpr.he, was talking to .Miriam and her mother ;ih 'the most courtly ^ style. .-' Perfectly fet'-fris; ease,; and evidently proud of Ins position as accepted cliaimtat of the beautiful pen si veJooking --girl's iand. he atos talking pleasantly and well— deftly bringing in; re marks that appealed to ,; all-^--and Sir Michael looked pleased: as 'hje saw 'his child grow more animated, and -'accept the' chaif* Hilton placed for, 'her a little way from the fire, following it up by fettfliinga screen to place between her and the too 'fierce glow. . . . 'Someone else coming, my 'dear,' cried Sir Michael. 'We're sure to Jiave a full house toriiigh't. 'boys.' 'Indeed! ljn glad of St, sir,' said Hil .ton. 'Are we to lhave a dance?' Dance? Yes, cried Sip Michael. 'Music, and mumming, and bellringers. A regular old-fashioned Christmas Eve. Yes, here they come, iny dear.' Sj^Michael led 'his lady toward the door. i 'Did you ever see a handsomer pair, my love?' ne said, softly. . 'No, my dear; never,' replied Lady Lee. 'But 'they don't seem a 'bit like lovers.' 'Pooh! Bah! Tc1ui.li! You don't want our. Miriam to play the coquettish hoyden like Nellie. Nothing could be better. Wait till to- night, and you'll see.' m A carriage stopped at the door— a regu lar oldJfaaliioneQ coach drawn by a pair of heavy horses which worked at times on the Glebe farm, and from it descended bwo well-grown, young men from the rum ble to help hand out from inside the stout vicar and Ms— well, fat wife. .It was the two daughters who were plump, and who would have been plain, only tiliey had such good complexions, rosy cheeks, and a gene ral appearance or being nice. Hardly had the kissing, hand-shaking, and congratulations come to an end, and the wrappings without end been discarded, before' another carriage arrived, anVl an-' other, and another; for lunch at 1, meant lunoh at 1 precisely in the country a hun dred years ago; and as 'the friends from miles ' round thawed at once under the hearty sunshine, of their host and hostess's smiles, the conversation rose loudly among the carved oak beanis of Sir Michael's grand old -heritage, till interrupted by the sound of the great bell, one of five, in the clock-turret overhead. At the same moment the head man in livery, for Sir Midi'ael kept no butler, an nounced lunch, 'and the party trooped into the fine oak-pannelled dining-room. 'I say, Hilton, the old man does things well,' said Derwent an hour later, as they stood 'together among the male guests back in lihe hall. 'Yes. To my mind Sir Michael is a grand specimen 'of the hospitable fine old English gentleman so rapidly dying out, said Hilton, Stiffly. 'That he is,' said Derwent. 'Its a pity I he 'has no son to succeed him.' 'Oh, I don't know,' replied Hilton, with a peculiar laugh. 'He h'as daughters.' 'Bless 'em, yos,' said Dement. Ah, 1 see what you mean. We're to keep it up, ] eh? Well, I'll do my part. But long life : to the dear old boy, I say. He's stiff and __el-_a bit overbearing, but a thorough gentleman, and as for t'he dear old girl wait a bit, and if I don't kiss her and call her mother right out, Fin a Dutchman. Hilton laughed rather sneeringly, and his companion colored. 'Oh, all right,' he said; 'I daresay Im a bit of a fool, but it's Christmas time, and i I'm going to open out and help the old lady to keep the thing going. I suppose we shall dance here.' 'I suppose so, said Hilton, carelessly. 'And the old folks will have their card games in the drawing-room. You'll help me, of course?' . 'Oh, yes, I suppose so, said Hilton, rather coldly. 'I say, what a while the girls are. Are you good at skating?' 'Oh, tidy; but it's rather nonsense to go out there on that old moat.' 'Nonsense. Get out. Splendid.^ 1 11 get those two chaps of the parson's to help start some snowballing. You'll join? 'No.' said Hilton decidedly. 'I shall take Miriam up and down the moat once or twice and then bring her in. Think it's safe?' ' 'If you don't want to.be fixed to the engagement, I should say no. Too de cided.' 'Fixed to the engagement? I asked you if you. thought the moat was safe.' 'Oh, the moat? Safe, yes. Two inches thick by this time. I hope they've got it swept clear of last night's snow. Oh, here they are.'' Quite a procession of furred and boaed and tippeted ladies came along the cross gallery and down the broad staircase, not one of the most elderly hanging back. 'This way all of you,' cried Sir Michael, whose silk stockings were covered now by top boots; and, throwing open a door at the side, he led the way down a long cor ridor, quaint, oak-panelled, and provided with dark old coffers in half a dozen win dows where they formed seats, while half way down there was a second staircase leading to the gallerv above.' 'By George, Nelly, this is a fine old place,'' said Derwent -warmly, for, by ac cident, he found himself Nelly's cavalier, a similar accident having happened to Hil ton, who was walking and talking gravely to Miriam close behind. 'I'm glad,' said Nelly laconically. 'Of course you are. It's a glorious old house.' 'One I shall never want to leave.' 'Eh? I say, you don't mean that,, do you?' There was an arch look which set the questioner at rest; and directly after ? Sir Michael threw open a great oaken door at the end, the wind rushed in, and a broad grass walk, lately swept, opened out be fore them, leading down between two tall and ancient hedges of well-clipped yew to a carved pedestal and sun dial, and beyond to the head of a flight of stone steps, on each side of which, on dwarf pillars, stood' a great stone ball, snow bound now, but showing when clear, traces of meridian lines, equator, ecliptic, and the rest. At the head of the steps grooms,; gar deners, and gamekeepers' were in waiting wibh chairs, strips of carpet, and skates; and a very short time elapsed before the elders were cau'toously promenading the slippery black ice, which rai.£ and bent.as' the skaters made it ring with the rapid stroke of their irons. 'Safe?' cried Sir Michael. 'Why, we had all the men in a body trotting along from end to end -to 'test it. Safe as the road.' 'Oh, yes,' cried Lady Lee; 'and I wouldn't be satisfied till they'd run the great stone garden roller all along as far as it was swept.' But the skaitinc did not last long enough #^^^Syp^es;^r;j^i?3ter^oh^wa8: ^Eb^^jnd;'w4-4-efqie'.'.i]ieicEanEe7could: be_xealised^heis^:ms Watted' but, a few ,%ke3 pli'snow-came fitting; bfethe avant .couriers ' of j, what: was coming; . and a re j^t, was,made.;i£;the graajtjfiouse. Before the; blue sky iad quite disappeared from the north: a great #uff .;# -swnd emote' the front, followed. by . a minute's silence, and then 'the Short afternoon was -turned into eyenmff, cthe -air ^waa-7tMck with driving ^now, Jborne-on-the wings.of a furious gale, -winch .struck the Jaou6e, roaring, ehneking, and rattling the windows as if charged an; fury toy spirits of the storm Directly after all. were conscious oi a pe culiar hissing .sound as tihrbugh what at another time would have seemed impos sible interstices, snow in the finest dust of crystals began to powder the interior of the window fittings, rustled beneath the great hall door, and powdered the mat with white. 'Heaven help all the poor creatures ex posed 'to suck a storm as this,' said the vicar, as the party in the great hall looked appalled. (i AAirien to that,' cried Sir Michael ; why .we shall be regularly snowed up if it keeps on. The snow's blinding. Look at bha't. The air is full of it. I wouldn't cross the moor now for— what's that?' The heavy hanging handle of the outer door was wrenched and the latch raised to fall with a click, but the door was fast, and directly after came a heavy thumping delivered by a fi^t. Sir Michael and Derwent rushed to the door together, the former slipping the bolt that had been fastened, and raising the latch, when botai men were forced back by the violence of the wind; which drove the door suddenly open, there was a rush of fine snow which caine in a- cloud, and in the midst- thereof a white figure stag gered in, stood for a moment, as if stunned, and then turned quickly to help the others thrust to and refasteu the door. 'Ah,' cried the figure, taking off itshat and shaking the snow from the over burdened cloak, 'I believe if I had had five hundred yards more to come I could never have reached the house. It is the most awful storm I was ever in.' 'Sir Marcus Croyland!' cried Sir Michael, who looked stunned. 'Yes. I suppose. I look like something else. I apologise, fiady Lee. A most un ceremonious entrance, but I wa-s begin ning to feel that I could do no more.' There was' a dead silence in the hall for a few moments, and then Sir Michael said gravely — 'Will you be good enough to step this way, sir?' ' Yes, thank you,' replied the new comer. 'I feel that I am not fit to stand here.' Sir Michael ceremoniously led the way to the library and rang the bell. 'This is most unfortunate, sir,' said Sir MichaeJ sternly. 'Yes, but it does not matter now. Who could have anticipated such a fearful storm. Coming on so suddenly, too.' Just at that moment a piteous howl came from outside the window. 'I was not referring to the storm, Sii Marcus, but to your presence here.'' 'My presence here, sir?' 'Yes, srir; it is as painful as it is unex pected.' 'You rang, Sir Michael?' 'Yes; take this gentleman's hat, cloak, and boots, and bring in that wretched dog.' 'Minto the fliouse, Sir Michael ?' 'Yes, yes,' cried the baronet, impatient ly. 'Do you think it's fit for a dog to- be out?' The man left fche room, and tlhe unwel come visitor 'held out a letter of invitation which he took from his breast. Sir Michael looked aghast. 'A mistake, sir, a mistake,' he cried, angrily. 'After what lias passed, do you imagine that I should invite you here? A Croyland, too.' 'There is such a word as forgiveness, Sir Michael, for others' deeds. And a child's happiness.' ''Silence, sir. Not a word of that. You know it is impossible. My child is now yonder with her betrothed.' 'Hah!' ejaculated the freshcomer, thrusting back his wet dark hair and. drawing himself up to look proudly in the frowning eyes which gazed at Iiitn so stern ly, a handsome, manly fellow of eight and twenty or thirty, and at last Sir Michael's eyelidg fell for a. moment, and then they rose and he spoke quickly. 'The storm is frightful, Sir Marcus,' he said; -and then with the ghost of a smile, 'not fit for a dog to be out. You are here tlhrough some error, sir; the first Croyland who has entered these walls for nearly three hundred years. You are a gentle man, sir, as I hope I am. Kindly accept my hospitality as a stranger.' Sir Marcus bowed and was silent. 'As soon as you are ready we will rejoin my friends.' 'I am ready now, Sir Michael.' The latter bowed, smoothed his counten ance, and led the way back into the hall, where their appearance was the signal for a dead silence. 'Sir Marcus Croyland lias liad a narrow escape in this terrible storm, my dear,' said Sir Michael. 'He has been driven here by stress of weather, and jhe 'has con sented to accept our 'hospitality for the night. Come, come, good people,', lie cried, 'never mind the storm, it ought to help to make the fireside seem, more cheery. Everyone must, help, for we shall get no amusement from' outside. Come, girls, boys, the ol'd house is too strong to give way to twice as strong a gale. CHAPTER III. 'Like t'he skeleton at the feast,' said Derwent, a few hours later. 'He seems to have damped everything.' 'Why didn't 'he get himself 'buried in the snow?' snarled Hilton. 'Curse the hound. I dould call him. out and dhoot him.' 'I wouldn't try it,' said Derwent coldly; 'he looks the sort- of fellowi who might shoot you.' 'Pooh!' 'Poor fellow, I pity him,' thought Derwent; 'and I pity .poor Miriam too, what with the old folks and my beautiful brother-in-law to be, she hasn't much chance for a ward with 'her old lover. Seems a shame (for Nelly and me to be eo happy. Doesn't' It?' he said aloud, and Nelly tame up. ?? ' . ?'?? ;.'.'-- 'Doesn't it? Wh'ai' 3d you mean?' she cried wonderingly. .'. '???'?? . ? 'I- was talkingto myself about it being a sTiame for us to foe so happy.' 'But I'm not 'happy, Bob; who could be with Ri looking like a ghost, and father snubbing me horribly just for speaking civilly to poor Sir Marcus.' 'I say; is he a nice fellow?' 'He's perfect, all but one thing.' *'Whatb that— bad temper— vice?' 'For shame. I quite love him.' 'Nelly!'1 ? . 'Ae a brother, said, the girl, mischie vously. 'He's the nicest fellow that ever avert. But I'm, forgetting mother's mes sage.' r'To me?' '?Yet. She wants you, bye-and-bye, when we're all -mtting round tTie fire ??:i''*,n*V*i['-v=iv/;.'y .-?;».! ;-. \\-^unma^fW'i^w- ~ -;???? ^-:- '' :1'''-'i'; dnpMag : jnfcgus, apd - fa%oi$^aer.*smne;r$i- - ptiiUEfindibfLtb-e housie;'^^!.;''.'; -^ - :~ -;:^ ; 'jjgmer $ue ?„? old legend^of the -house. * - W^ioV^arijSjJBtoriesieo^ii^ht? \ I.want.ati^ : j - otHectdfeoce' r-b ? -. .ib-'v.^r-- -^v't i ?-?:?''. '?Noj.np; -you must as^ him. He always ' .'.'-.; ]ikep4p.*e -asked, at C&risfcmafl;^ime. It's . '???'?'?'-. a wihhta of !his, and m. ie: isn't asked, he'll fediitiirt.'.-;-;;. :?????: ?-?_?-'-. ? .'???.- ???? -..????} ??;? ? - ' -; .'?Bui suppose he. says'no?'^ ? . - V i '?? ,l .'OJjt,-;1he,s.,sure. to,-say mo*- and -make', a '. -: fuss aJbout; it, %ut he Twants ,ito itellit, all : Uhe same. You must ask him, und every one knows Jit, but they'll all back you up, atfd then'he'U tell it.' . . ? ? 'Whafc'is it— ^ gihosi; story?' 'Not exactly. Jjfs a story of— 'but you'll hear.' '? ... ' ? ?, *'* Robert Derwent had not Jong 'to wait for the opportunity, for soon after all were gathered. round tihe roaring fire, the wine was being 'handed round, and struck by the stillness,' Sir Mdhael -went to .the win dow, drew aside tine curtain,, and looked, out to see tlhat the wind, had swept clear tihe sky, that tohe moon was shining bril liantly, and *hat it was once more freez ing sharply. ? . ' Just a violent storm sweeping over, he said, as he took his seat in the semi circle. 'Here's health and a merry Christmas to all, and our prayers that no one may be the worse for the storm.' The toast was drunk, and Nelly gave her lover a sharp look which made him out with the request— 'Oh, by the way, Sir Michael, it's just the season for that sort of thing. I've heard there's a legend or something about this, old house. I wish you'd tell it.' 'My dear boy, no,' cried the baronet. 'Some day, perhaps, when we're together. I couldn't think of taking up everyone's . time on a night like this.' There was a chorus of Ah's, more press ing, more unwillingness on the part of the master of the house, but at last witu many apologies, he began. 'I'm sure everyone must be tired of it,' he protested, 'for I've told it these last twenty years or more. it's only a sort of legend of a lady of ' our family. That's her por trait looking down upon us. It was said that she had a love affair with some one to whom her father and mother ob-' jected, and— and — er— dear me— I — er— I really fear I've lost the thread of the old story,' stammered Sir Michael,' as, for the first time, it struck him that he was treading on very thin ice. 'There, there, it's not worth telling, so let it go.' But a fresh chorus of Oh's and protests of so vehement a nature arose that the host grew desperate and went on. 'Well, it was like that — the — er— gentle- man was forbidden the house, and the lady was told that she was never to speak to the gentleman, and, hem, hem, like a good obedient loving daughter she said she would do as her parents washed, for they had chosen a husband for her.' 'Is the silly old idiot niad?' whispered Hilton to Derwent. 'Don't know,' was the sharp reply. 'Ask him.' 'Well, but to begin telling such a tale as that. As for you, you ought to be kicked for asking him.' 'Come outside and kick me,' responded Dei-went fiercely, and !5ir Michael went on ? 'One winter's night during a sharp frost, after she had gone to bed, she came down the side staircase from that gallery there, went along the corridor to the door at the end of the house, left it open, and walked straight down the grass walk be tween the yew hedges right to the top of the steps where the two stone balls are, and uttering a terrible cry, she leaped head foremost into the moat, breaking the ice/ When search was made for her they traced her from the open door by her footprints in the snow right to the steps, and there was . the ice looking black, and they knew what had happened. 'And as they drew her from the moat all stiff and stark her eyes were open wide and staring, and the drops that hung from her long dark hair froze hard in the cruel wind till they hung around like pearls.' ' c-'??.1?0851'' aime a rusn of icJr wind aa Sir Michael finished the family legend, and the great curtains, which cut off the front of the hall and the door, were wafted out two or three feet from the floor, while a piteously mournful cry oainc softly to the ears of the listeners, the wind rushing up the chimney witih a roar, succeeded by a silence which sent a shudder through all present. 'Great heavens!' cried Sir Michael; 'that door must have blown open.' 'Ah!' cried Lady Lee, uttering a pierc ing shriek, 'Miriam! Miriam!' All started to tfheir feet. 'Miriam?' cried Sir Michael, turnina ghastly, 'what of lier?' 'Gone— gone,' cried his wife. 'Oh, Michad, Michael, what have we done?' Sir Michael tore at 'his throat, and gazed wildly at an empty chair standing by the great curtain, and. where last he had seen his child seated. Then recovering him-1 self,- he cried, wildly — 'Here. Hi'ton, Derwenfc, every man, fol low me. He rushed to the door beneath the gal lery, led the way into the corridor whidh struck icily cold, and made for the end' to find the door wide open. 'My God,' he groaned, Shuddering, 'Look, look, someone. I cannot stir.' 'Footprints in the snow,' cried Der went. 'Of two people — a man's and a wo maa's?' cried Hilton. 'No; only one person's, and they are very deep.' 'Quick, down to the moa't,' cried Sir Michael; and, taking the lead once more, he plunged tJhrough tihe deep snow, follow ing the footprints down to the stone steps where one of the stone balls stood, out clear of the snow, while right in fron't was a black patch where bhe ice had been broken, and the fragments floated to gether. 'The old story. The old story,' groaned Sir Michael. 'She knew it— she knew it. What hiave I done?' 'Stop,' roared Hilton fiercely;, 'there's some trick here. If anyone had jumped on to the ice it would not have broken. Ah, What's it. Where's tihat other Stone ball?' Every eye was turned to tihe place where it had stood, but it was gone. Sir Michael turned in a weary, helpless way to Hilton, as if ready to cling to any straw of hope. 'It is a Dlind-r-a trick,' cried Hilton. 'Who has seen this Sir Marcus Croyland?' 'Hah,' criedr.'Sir Mioh'ael; flashing back into life and action. 'No one has seen him of course,' con tinued Hilton, who almost foamed. 'A trick— an elopement.' ' 'Nonsense,' cried Derwent; 'there are only tihe footmarks of one person.' 'That is false,' said Hilton. 'Someone else has stood tihere, carried and set down ? while the 'stone was thrown on to the ice: to gain time.'' 'Then there would be footsteps further on,' cried Sir Michael, wh'o B'tepped down on to the snow-covered ice, skirted the \- Wrack-looking hole, closely flolloweid by Hilton and Derwent, .the former of 'Whom ubtered a shout as he saw the deep foot prints onffih'e far side goiugvr^lif along the moat. ?' '''*? ' ' ' . ~ „ Sir MichaeT seemed to have grown sud ? denly twenty years younger, -tfs he hurried ly followed the plainly marked' trail in. the bright' moonlight to where, ait an angle, it turned off in another direction. THere' the bank had been climbed, a stretch of open ground crossed, and directly after they came, to where the snow 3i!ad been tram pled by 'horses, and wheel tracks ran off towards the park gate. ? 'Here, quick! The .stables!' -cricd'-^Sir Michael; and leading the way lie shouted to the grooms and coachmen Who had. been aiding in the search. ? '?''?? : ?? The men ran on. Lights were fetched from tlie servants' hall, anki an . a few minutes the stables presented a busy scene, and three horses were saddled^ whips were fetched, and Sir Michael, Hiltori',''and Der went mounted, the hoofs sounling dull on the paved yard. They made at once for the carriage drive, 'trotted through bhe park, and then, once on the road, the old man led at a good hunting gallop, and his companions followed in silence with the grotesque shadows of bhe party mingled and looking almost black upon the snow. Not a word was spoken, but Hilton mut tered an oath as he turned to liis com panion and pointed wiBh his hunting crop ? at where, plainly seen in 'the white road, were ruts of carriage wheels deeply in dented, and the prints of h'oofs, evidently of four horses (having gone along at a can ter. Derwent was half disposed to shout and call Sir Michael's attention to the fact, but lie fplt that the old man would have seen, and lie rode on in silence, growing more and more excited as the keen frosty wind whistled by his ears, while the horse* snorted and increased their speed. At last Sir Michael turned in his saddle and shouted bacic — 'They can't have been gone long, and they're making for Day Castle, where they'll change horses. We shall overtake them before they get there.' 'I doubt it, sir,'p cried Hilton. 'Don't doubt,' cried Sir Michael, 'but ride, and when we overtake them, you go straight for that scoundrel and shoot him. Do you hear? Shoot him. You have pistols?' 'No, sir.' 'What! You did not bring pistols?' 'No, sir,' cried Hilton savagely; 'did you?' 'Humph. No, I forgot. Did you, Der went?' 'No, sir.' ''Never mind. We're armed with right,' cried Sir Michael. 'Seize the cowardly dog and break his neck instead. Thief, robber, treaohfi-oufi hound. There, don't talk, boys. Ride — ride.' 'Bah.' growled Hilton to his companion as they tore on, 'who started the talking. Look here. Derwent, you arc not going to kcei- on with your engagement, are you?' 'I? Of course. Aren't you?' '1? No; I'm going fco half kill that fel low, Croyland, and then I've done with it.' 'You'll not help to get Miss Lee back?' 'Not I. What is she to me, now?' j Derwent made no reply, but rode on, ! enjoying t'he excitement of the adventure, I for the nigfot was glorious and the baro- , net's horses good, while the sharp frost! kept the snow from balling beneath the swift animals' feet. 'How well the old fellow rides,' lie ' thought. 'I shouldn't like to be in that Croyland's boots when the old boy catches i.tiym. 1 don't know, though. I'd hnvp , done as much to get little Nelly if he had gone against me. By (loorge, what a ride at midnight on a Christmas Eve.' I Tn L'lie wild exhilaration of tihe gallop | he pressed his horse's sides, and the brave - beast bounded on, tossing its bead and , «rtorlinii loudly, for it needed no urging, , but rather a tighter hand upon the rein to ! check the desire to race abreast of its j stable companion in front. ! Shadowing tree and snowy hedge seemed ! to rush bv them: myriads of crystals - flashed and sparkled in the moonlight, and i two jots as of steam came back from the foremost horse at every expiration. . ! ''He'll have to draw rein after a bit,' thought Derwent. 'It's going to be a long ch-nse, for they had a longer start than the j old man fancied. Perhaps we shan't catc-h 'cm after all, and I don't know that I want to, for Master Hilton here doesn't show up well. Hulloa, what's that— light at a cottage?' 'Quick, my lads,' cried Sir Michael, turning to s^hout. 'There they are in front. Broken down.' The ride had only been .short after all, for at a turn of rhe road, where most ex posed, the snow had drifted into a wreath, of Which the postboys had not been aware. Something li»d gone wrong; the post chaise was half over, leaning against a high bank with its off wnecls in a ditch and the near side ones in the air some feet above the road, while as the three pur suers galloped u]), it was to see those of whom tln\v were in cliiiae standing in the snow, while t'he postboys appeared to have j been attaching the traces of their team j to the hinder part of the eh.iise, so as to di-iis it b:ick out of the snow-filled ditch in which t'he lower wheels were wedged. Croybuid had been helping them, and had not heard t'he following horses till they v.-eve clow upon kirn, when he darted 'to where tlio companion of his flight was standing wrapped in a long cloak, ready to defend her at any cost. T'he next minute the panting and snort ing horses were pulled up on their haunches, and the two vounger men imi tated the action of their elder, as he s-pranu from his saddle, and called upon them to fallow. ''You dog. V'ou villain. You trickster,'' be roared*. 'Miriam, you shameless crea ture, stand -aside, or I shall forget myself and strike you too.' Miriam's answer was to throw herself in front of lior companion, who was strugg ling to wrest something from out of the chaise packet. 'You hear nw.' .roared Sir Maehael, as the two postboys stood steadying t/heir hor.-fps and looking on. 'Now, Derwent,' cried Hilton, fiercely; 'hc\it mind his pistol, come on.' 'Stand back,' shouted Ooyland, as he stood at bay in the snow, his arm about Miriam's waist, and making a barrier of the plunging horses and tihe overturned chaise. 'Shoot the dog where he stands,' roared Sir Michael. 'Miriam, girl, come here.' Hilton and Derwent stepped' forward after a moment's hesitation, and then stopped, for Croyland's pistol clicked. 'I liave warned you,' 'he cried. 'This lady is my wife, Sir Michael. Call those bullies back.' 'It is a lie,' cried Sir Michael, furious ly, 'Miriam, this is not true?' 'It is true, father,' she said, softly. 'This is my husband. You cannot part us now.' Sir Michael's voice shook, as he said in a choking voice which faltered as he Bpoke^ '?'Is this true, CrWlaiM-^ari . honest mat: riage with my child r' ';:-'?; '(;:.. .:';??;: 'T?rue as that God heats tny'^iords -this wondrous night, -All/' he ''cried; as from fche distance the turret dock began to diime from the hill a couple tff -'iiules away; and then clearly on the frosty srr lie Hour of midnight came loud ana deep. .'OhMst-. nias Day-Hbe day of love and 'hope for all. bir Michael, this is no time for these;' and he'.threw.-hig pistols at the odd man's feet. :- Sir Michael,- ffatlier, these' four faibnfchs pevst have I- been vour:Bon» -This iv my wife, but i&e; is still your child. It is the .time ^f forgiveness now. We ask it kneel mg atyour feet.' ? Tine young peop3e sank in the soft snow and a curious choking gasp escaped from the old -man's lips, as Tifr stood there in the full moonlight, looking dazed and strange. ? 'The son of a long line of enemies,' be mustered — 'Married — my daughter — my Son ? ' 'Father,' cried Miriani, as she clasped hi^ knees. Sir Midiael uttered a hoarse cry and snatched 'her to his breast. 'Miriam, my darling.' The next minute his hand was laid gently on Cray-land's head. «'Y.es,' he said, hoarsely; 'after all these 3*oars— tiien the old feud is dead — my last enemy has gone. Mr. Hilton,' be con tinued, turning to where the young man had stood. But there was no reply, only the dull rapid beat of a horse's feet as the stout hunter was urged to a gallop. 'Hah. Gone,' said Sir Midiael -with a sigh of relief as Croyland rose from where be had knelt. 'Derwent/ my dear boy. Yoii have noth ing against us. My dear ?wife is wanting — broken-hearted at home. Poor Nelly, too. She was crying pitifully. Mount and gal- j lop back. Tell them, my lad, that all is': well, and that it is not late yet, and that — that—we're coming — and that it's Christ mas morning, and— and peace and goodwill j a/nd — ah,' he groaned as he began to totter j — 'found— and safe. Thank God — thank God.' fie would 'have fallen insensible, but Croylnnd caught him in his arms to bear him to the carriage, weak now as a chiid. 