The Ghost's Touch. BT FEBGUS HUME, Author of "The Mystery of a Hansom Cab," &c.; [COPYRIGHT-PUBLISHED BT SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.] ISHALL never forget the terrible Chris mas I spent at Lavrock Grange in tl year. '03;, As an army doctor I ha* met with strap^e adventures in far land and have seen some gruesome sights in tl little "wars .which are constantly bein waged on the frontiers of oui- Empire ¡ bi it was reserved for an old country house t Hants to be the scene of the most not« worthy episode in my life. The experienc was a painful one, and I hope it may nev« be repeated; but indeed so ghastly a event is not likely to occur again. If m story reads more like fiction than truth, can only quote the well-worn saying, of th latter being stranger than the forme: Many a time in my wandering Ufe have proved the truth of this proverb. The whole affair rose out of the invita tion which Frank Ringan sent me to spen Christmas with himself and his cousi Percy at the family seat near Christchurcr At that time I was home on leave froi . India; and shortly after my arrival chanced to meet with Percy Ringan ii Piccadilly. He was an Australian wit! whom I had been intimate some year before in Melbourne ; : a dapper Uttle, mai with sleek fair hair and a transparent com . plexion: looking as fragile as a Dresde) china image, yet with plenty of pluck an« spirits. He Buffered from heart disease and was bable to faint on occasions ; ye he fought against his mortal weakness wit! silent courage; and with certain precau tions against over- excitement, he manage« to enjoy Ufe fairly well. Notwithstanding his pronounced effemi nacy, and somewhat truckling subserviency to rank and high birth, I liked the littli man very weU for his many good qualities On the present occasion I was glad to set him, and expressed my pleasure. "Although I did not expect to see yoi in England," said I, after the first greeting) had passed. " I ' have , been in London these nine months, my dear Lascelles," he said, in hil usual mincing way, "partly by way of f change and partly to see my cousin Franl -who indeed invited me to come over from Australia." " Is that the rich cousin you were always speaking about in Melbourne ? " " Yes. But Frank is not rich. I am the wealthy Ringan, but he is the head of the family. You see, doctor," continued Percy, taking my arm and pursuing the subject iv a conversational manner, " my father, being a younger son, emigrated to Melbourne in the gold-digging days, and made his fortune out there. His brother remained at home on the estate, with very Uttle money tc keep up the dignity of the family ; so my father helped the head of his house from time to time. I1 ive years ago both my uncle and father died, leaving Frank'and me as heirs, the one to the family estate, the other to the Australian wealth. "So you assist your e»úsint¿to keep up the- dignity, of -the family sV'your father did-before yon" r . -, "Well, yes, I do," admitted Percy, frankly. "You see, we Ringans think a great deal of our birth and position. So much so, that we haye made our wills in one another's favour." " How do you mean ? " "Well, if I die Frank inherits my money ; .and if he dies, I become heir to the Ringan estates. It seems strange that I Bhould tell you all this, Lascelles ; but you were so intimate with me in the old days that you can understand my apparent rashness." I could not forbear a chuckle at the reason assigned by Percy for his confidence, especially as it was such a weak one. The little man had a tongue like a town-crier, and could no more keep his private affairs to himself than a woman could guard a secret. Besides I saw very well that with bis inherent snobbishness he desired to impress me with the position and antiquity of his family, and with the fact-un ' donJbjtedjby;,trae-that it ranked, amongst the landed gentry of the kingdom. However, the weakness, though in bad taste, was harmless enough, and I had no scorn for the confession of it. Still, I felt a trifle bored, as I took Uttle interest in the chronicling of such small' beer, and shortly parted from Percy after promising to dine with him the following week. At thiB dinner, which took place at the Athenian Club, I met with the head of the Ringan family ; or, to put it plainer, with Percy's cousin Frank. Like- the Australian he was^mali and neat, but enjoyed much better health and lacked the-effeminacy of the other. Yet on the whole I liked Percy the best, as there. was a. sly, cast about Frank's countenance which I did not reUsh; and he patronised hi3 colonial cousin in rather an offensive manner. The latter looked up to his EngUsh kins man with all deference, and would, I am sure, have willingly given his gold to regild ... the somewhat tarnished escutcheon of the 1 Ringans. Outwardly, the two cousins were so alike as to remind one of Tweedledum andvTwe'edledee ; but after due considera- tion I decided that Percy was the better natured and more honourable of the two. For some reason Frank Ringan seemed desirous of cultivating my acquaintance ; and in one way and another I saw a good deal of him during my stay in London. Finally, when I was departing on a visit to some relatives in Norfolk he invited me to spend Christmas at Ringshaw Orange not, as it afterwards appeared, without an ulterior motive. " I can take no refusal," said he, with a heartiness which sat ill on him. " Percy, as an old friend of yours, has set his heart on my having you down ¡ and-if I may say so-I have set my heart on the same thing." " Oh, you really JUlust come, Lascelles," cried Percy, eagerly. "We are going to keep Christmas in the real old English fashion. Washington Irving's style, you know : holly, wassail-bowl, games, and mistletoe." ' , " And perhaps a ghost or so," finished Frank, laughing, yet with a side glance at his eager Uttle cousin. " Ah ! " said I. " So your Grange is haunted" " I should think so," said Percy, before I sprang up with a cry on lecognising who it was: "Prink Ringan." bis cousin could speak, " and with a good old Queen Anne ghost. Conic down, doctor, and Frank shall put you m the haunted chamber." "No!" cried Frank, with a sharpness which rather.surprised me, "I'll put no ...one-in the Blue Boom-, the consequences :^'nnghtj3e^fiftWwí¿^ú smile,.Lascelles,«but I assure you our ghost has been proved to , exist!" "That's a paradox; a ghost can't exist. But the story Of you ghoät-" " Is too long to tell now," said Frank, laughing. " Come down to the Orange and you'U hear it." " Very good," I replied, rather attracted by the idea of a haunted house, "you can count upon me for Christmas. But I warn you, Bmgan, that I don't believe in spirits. Ghosts went out with gas." "Then they must have come in again with the electric light," retorted Frank Bingan, "for Lady Joan undoubtedly haunts the Grange. I don't mind; as it adds distinction to the house." "AU old famiUes have a ghost," said Percy, importantly. "It is very natural when one has ancestors." There was no more said on the subject for the time being, but the upshot of this conversation was that I presented myself at- Ringshaw Grange two or three days before Christmas. To .speak'-the truth, I came more on Percy's, account than niy own, as I knew the Uttle mah-suffered from heart disease, and a sudden shock might prove fatal. If, in the unhealthy atmos- phere of an old house, the inmates got talking of ghosts and goblins, it might be that the consequences would be dangerous to so highly strung and deUcate a man as Percy Bingan. For this reason, joined to a sneaking desire to Bee the ghost, I found myself a gueBt at Bingshaw Grange. In one way I regret .the yisit.; yet . in another. I regard it. as providential that I was on the spot. Had I been absent,the .catastrophe jpight have been greater,' although it "could stsarcely " have been more terrible. Bingshaw Grange was a quaint Eliza- bethan house, all gables and diamond case wents, and oriel windows, and quaint ter- races, looking like an illustration out of an old Christmas number. It was embowered in a large park, the trees of which came up almost to the doors, and when I saw it first in the moonlight-for it was by a late train that I came from London-it struck me as the very place for a ghost. Here was a haunted hause of the right quality if ever there was one, and I only hoped when I crossed the threshold that the local spectre would be worthy of its environment. In such an interesting house I did not think to pass a dull Christmas ; but-God help me-I did not anticipate so tragic a Yule-tide as I. speist. . As our host, was a bachelor and had no female relative to do the honours of his house the guests were all of the masculine gender. It is true that there was a house- keeper-a distant cousin I understood-who was rather elderly but very juvenile as to dress and manner. She went by the name of Miss Laura, but no one saw much of her as,- otherwise than attending to her duties, she remained mostly in her own rooms. So our party was composed of young men-none save myself being over the age of thirty, and few being gifted with much intelligence. The talk was mqstly of sport, of horse racing; big game 'scooting, and yacht-sailing ; so that I grew tired at times of these subjects, and retired to the library to read and write. The day aftsr I arrived Frank showed me over the house. It was a wondêrf ul old barrack of a place, with broad passages, twisting inter- minably hke the labyrinth of - Daedalus ; small bedrooms furnished In"-/ah old fashioned manner, and vast reception apartments, with polished floors and painted ceilings. Also there ' were the customary number of family portraits frowning from the walls ; suits of tarnished armour; and ancient tapestries embroidered with grim and ghastly legends of the past. The old house was crammed with trea- sures, rare enough to drive an antiquarian crazy ; and filled with the flotsam and jetr sam of many centuries, mellowed by time into one soft hue, which put them all in keeping with one another. I must; say that I was charmed witn'&ngshaw; Grange, ?and; no longer wondered by Percy "Bingan in - Jïwr lauiily and their ' past glories. "That's all very well," said Frank, Í&' whom I remarked as much ; " Percy is rich, and had he this place could keep it-iUp in proper style ; but I am as poor as {¿'rat,' and unless I can make a rich marriage, or inherit a comfortable legacy, house and furniture, park, and timber may all come to the hammer." He looked gloomy as he spoke ; and, feel- ing that I had touched on a somewhat delicate matter, I hastened to change' the subject by asking to be shown the famous Blue Chamber, which was . said to he haunted. This was the true Mecca of' my pilgrimage into Hants. " It is along this passage," said Frank, leading the way, " and not very far from your own quarters. There is nothing in its looks likely to hint at the ghost-at all events by day-but it is "haunted for all that." Thus speaking he led me into a large room with a low ceiling, and a broad case- ment looking out pri to the- untrimmed park, where the woodju^^^most sylvan. The walls were hung with blue cloth em- broidered with grotesque figures in black braid or thread, I know not which. There was a large old-fashioned bed with tester and figured curtains and a quantity of cumbersome furniture of the early Geor- gian epoch. Not having been inhabited for many years the room had a desolate and silent look-if one may use such an ex- pression-and to my mind looked gruesome enough to conjure up a battalion of ghosts, let alone one. ¿ < .*«*. I don't - agree.. with "you !," said I, in reply to my host's remark. "To my mind this is the very model of a haunted chamber. What is the legend ?" . "I'll tell it to you on Christmas Eve,*' replied Ringan, as we left the room. " It is rather a blood-curdling tale." " Do you believe it ? " said I, struck by the solemn air of the speaker. "I have had evidence to make me credu- lous," he replied dryly, and closed the subject for the time being. It was renewed on Christmas Eve when all our company were gathered round a huge wood fire in the library. Outside the snow lay thick on the ground, and the gaunt trees stood up black and leafless out of the white expanse. The sky was of a frosty blue with sharply- twinkling stars, and a hard-looking moon. On the snow the shadows of inter- lacing boughs were traced blackly as in Indian ink, and the cold-was of Arctic severity. But seated in the holly-decked apartment before a noble fire which roared bravely up the wide chimney we cared nothing for the frozen, world out of doors. We laughed and talked, sang songs and recalled adven- tures, until somewhere about ten o'clock we feU into a ghostly vein quite in keeping with the goblin-haunted season. It was then that Frank Ringan was called upon to chill our blood with his local legend. This he did without much pressing. "In the reign of good Queen Anne," said he, with a gravity befitting the sub- ject, " my ancestor, Hugh Ringan, was the owner of this house. He was a silent mis- anthropic man, having been soured early in life by the treachery of a woman. Mistrusting the sex he refused to marry for many years ; and it was not until he was fifty years of age that he was beguiled by the arts of a pretty girl into the toils of matrimony. The lady was Joan Challoner, the daughter*of the Earl of Branscourt; and she was esteemed one of the beauties of Queen Anne's court. " It was in London that Hugh met her, and thinking from her innocent and child- like appearance that she would make him a true-hearted wife, he married her after six months'courtship and brought her with all honour to Ringshaw Grange. After his marriage he became more cheerful and less distrustful of his fellow-creatures. Lady Joan was all to him that a wife could be, and seemed devoted to her husband and child-for she early became a mother when one Christmas Eve all this happiness came to an end." "Oh ! " said I, rather cynically. " So Lady Joan proved to be no better than the rest of her sex." "So Hugh Ringan thought, Doctor; but he was as mistaken as you are. Lady Joan occupied the Blue Room, which I showed you the other day ; and on Christmas Eve, when riding home late, Hugh saw a man descend from the window. Thunderstruck by the sight, he galloped after the man and caught him before he could mount a horse which was waiting for him. The cavalier was a handsome young fellow of twenty-five, who refused to answer Hugh's questions. Thinking, naturally enough, that he luid to do with a lover of hi6 wife's, Hugh fought a duel with the stranger and killed him after a hard fight. ''-Leaving him dead on the snow he rode back to the Grange, and burst in on his wife to accuse her of perfidy. It was in vain that Lady Joan tried to defend herself hy stating that the visitor was her brother, who was engaged in plots for the res tora-. tion of James LT., and on that account wished to keep secret the fact of his pre- - sence in England. Hugh did not believe heri and told her plainly that he had killed her lover; whereupon Lady Joan burst out into a volley of reproaches and cursed her husband. Furious at what he deemed was her boldness Hugh at first attempted to kill her, but not thinking the punish- ment sufficient, he cut off her right hand." ' " Why ? " asked everyone, quite unpre- pared for this information. " Because in the first place Lady Joan was very proud of her beautiful white hands, and in the second, Hugh had seen the stranger kiss her hand-her right hand -before he descended from the window. For these reasons he mutilated her thus terribly." "Anddid she die?" " Yes, a week after her hand was cut off. And she swore that she would come back tb touch ali those in the Blue Room-that is who slept in it-who were foredoomed to death. She kept her promise, for many people who have slept in that fatal room have been touched by the dead hand of Lady Joan, and have subsequently died." " Did Hugh find out that his wife was innocent ? " " He did," replied Bingan, " and within a month after her death. The stranger was really her brother, plotting for James LT., as she had stated. Hugh was not punished by man for his crime, but within a year he slept in the Blue Chamber and was found dead next morning with the mark of three fingers on his right wrist. It was thought that in his remorse he had courted death by sleeping in the room cursed by his wife." " And there was a mark on him ? " "On his right wrist red marks like a burn; the impression of three fingers. Since that time the room has been haunted." " Does everyone who sleeps in it die ?" I asked. " No. Many people have risen well and hearty in the morning. Only those who are doomed to an early death are thus touched!" " When did the last case occur ? " "Three years ago," was Frank's unex- pected reply. "A friend of mine called Herbert Spence would sleep in that room. He saw the ghost and was touched. He showed me the marks next morning-three red finger marks." " Did the omen hold good ? " " Yes. Spence died three months after- wards. He was thrown from his horse." I was about to put further questions in a sceptical teixi, when we heard shouts out- side, and we all sprang to our feet as the door was thrown open to admit Miss Laura in a state of excitement. " Fire ! fire ! " she cried, almost dis- . tracted. "Oh! Mr. Kingan," addressing "Oh ! Mr. Ringan," she cried, almost distracted, " your room is on fire." herself to Percy, " your room is on fire ! I-" We waited to hear no more, but ina body rushed up to Percy's room. Volumes of smoke were rolling out of the door, and flames were flashing within. Frank Sin- gan, however, was prompt and cool-headed. He had the alarm bell rung, summoned the servants, grooms, and stable hands, and in twenty minutes the fire was extin- guished. On asking how the fire had started, Miss Laura, with much hysterical sobbing, stated that she had gone into Percy's room to see that all was ready and comfortable for the night. Unfortunately the wind wafted one of the bed curtains towards the candle she was carrying, and in a moment the room was in a blaze. After pacifying Miss Laura, who could not help the acci- dent, Frank turned to his cousin. By this time we were back again in the library. "My dear fellow," he said, "your room is swimming in water, and is charred with fire. I'm afraid you can't stay there to- night ; but I don't know where to put you unless you take the Blue Boom." "The Blue Boom?" we all cried. "What! the haunted chamber?" " Yes ; all the other rooms are fulL Still, if Percy is afraid-" ~ "Afraid!" cried Percy, indignantly. " I'm not afraid at all. I'll sleep in the Blue Boom with the greatest of pleasure." " But the ghost-" " I don't care for the ghost," interrupted the Australian, with a nervous laugh. "We have no ghosts in our part of the world, and as I have not seen one, I do not believe there is such a thing." We all tried to dissuade him from sleep- ing in the haunted room, and several of us offered to give up our apartments for. the night-Frank among the number. But Percy's dignity was touched, and he was resolute to keep his word. He had plenty of pluck, as I said before, and the fancy that we might think him a coward spurred him on to resist our entreaties. The end of it was that shortly before midnight he went off to the Blue Boom, and declared his intention of sleeping in it. There was nothing more to be said in the face of such* obsiäfiäcy, so one by one- we retired, quite unaware of the events to happen before - the morning. So on 'that Christmas Eve the Blue Boom had an un- expected tenant. On going to my bedroom I could not sleep. The tale told by Frank Singan haunted my fancy, and the idea of Percy sleeping in that ill-omened room made me nervous. I did not believe in ghosts my- self, nor, so fal* as T knew, did Percy, but the little man suffered from heart disease -he was strung up to a high nervous pitch by our ghost stories-and if anything out of the common-even from natural causes- happened in that room, the shock might be fatal to its occupant. I knew well enough that Percy, out of pride; would refuse to give up the room, yet I was determined that he should not sleep in it ; so, failing persuasion, I em- ployed stratagem. I had my medical chest with me, and taking it from my portman- teau I prepared a powerful narcotic. I left this on the table and went along to the Blue Boom, which, as I have said before, was not very far from mine. A knock brought Percy to the door clothed in pyjamas,^and at a glance I could see that the ghostly atmosphere of the place was already, telling on his nerves. He looked pale and disturbed, but his mouth was firmly set with an obstinate ex pression likely to resist my pror However, out of diplomacy, I made but blandly stated my errand, with roughness, indeed, than was necessarj " Come to my room, Percy," I said, he appeared, "and let me give you i thing to calm your nerves." " Fm not afraid ! " he said, defiantly "Who said you were?" I rejc tartly. " You believe in ghosts no than I do, so why should you be afi But after the alarm pf fire your nerve upset> and I'¿want to give .you soinet to put them right. Otherwise you'L no sleep." ,. " {^shouldn't mind a composing drai certauüy," said the little man. " Have ithér¿?*Í, . r '.' ' "No,-'it's in my-'room, a few yard Come alom»." Quite'deluded by my.spepjch and mai Percy followed die into niy bedroom, obediently enough swallowed the medu Then ! made\him Àt-$$fàfjn a corni able armchair, on the plea that he v not walk immediately after the drau The result of my experiment was justi for in less than ten minutes the poor li man was fast asleep under the infitienc the narcotic.1 When thus helpless I ph him on my bed, quite satisfied that , would not awaken until late the next < My task accomplished, I extinguished ..light, and went off myself to the I Boom, intending to remain there for .night. . . It may be asked why I did so, as I co easily have taken my rest on the soft my own room ; but the fact is, I i anxious to sleep in a haunted chamber, did not believe in ghosts, as I had ne seen one, but as there was a chance meeting here with an authentic phantor did not wish to loose the opportunity.'_' Therefore when I saw that Percy T safe for the night I took up my quarters the ghostly territory, with much curiosi but-as 1 can safely aver-no fear, J ' the saine, in case of practical jokes on t part of the feather-headed young mon the house, I took my revolver with n Thus prepared, I locked the door of t ' Blue Boom and slipped into bed, leavi the light burning. The revolver I ke under my pillow ready to my hand in ca of necessity. "Now," said I grimly, as I made myst comfortable, "I'm ready ior ghosts, goblins, pr practical jokers." I lay awake for a long time, staring ; the queer figures on the blue draperies < the apartment. In the pale flame of tl candle they looked ghostly enough to di turb the nerves of anyone ; and when tl draught fluttered the tapestries the figur seemed to move as though alive. For th sight alone I was glad that Percy hs ' not slept in that room. I could .fancy tl poor man lying in that vast bed wit blanched face and beating heart, listenin to every creak, and watching the fantast /embroideries waving on the walls. Bra\ )as he was, I am sure the sounds and sight of that room would have shaken his nerve ^1 did not feel very comfortable mysel sceptic as I was. When the candle had burned down prett ' . low I fell asleep. How long I slumbered know hot ; but I awoke up with the in t pression that something or some one wa in the room. The candle had wasted near! to the socket and the flame was flickering and leaping fitfully, so as to display th room one moment and to leave it almost ii darkness the next. I heard a soft ste] crossing the room, and as it drew near t sudden spurt of. flame from the candh showed me a little woman standing by th< side, of the bed. She was dressed in Í gown of flowering brocade, and wore th« towering head dress of the Queen Anne epoch. Her face I could scarcely see, as the flash of flame was only momentary; but I felt what the Scotch call " a deadly grue" as I-realised that this was the verit- able phan£ojnjof Lady Joan. For the moment the natural dread of the supernatural -quite overpowered .me, and with my hands and arms lying outside the " counterpane I rested inert and chilled with fear. This sensation of helplessless in the ? presence of evil, was like what one ex l - periences in a nightmare of the .worst kind. . ' - ' . ' 1 When.'"again the flame of the expiring candle shot up, I beheld the ghost close-at hand, and-as I felt rather than saw knew that it was bending over me. A faint odour of musk was in the' air, and I heard the soft rustle of the brocaded skirts echo through the semi-darkness. The,next . moment I felt my right wrist gripped in;a burning grasp, and the sudden pain roused my nerves frdm their paralysis./ * -'s* With a yell I rolled over, away from the ghost, wrenching my wrist away from tnat horrible clasp, and, almost mad with pain, I groped with my left hand for the .re- volver." As I seized it the candle flared up for the last time, and I sawf'the! ghost gliding tack towards the tapestries. In a second I raised the revolver and fired. The next moment there was a wild cry of terror and agony, the fall of a heavy body on the floor, and almost before I knew where I was Lfound myself outside thi'door of the haunted room." To attract attention I fired another shot from my revolver, while the Thing on the floor moaned in the darkness most horribly. In a few moments guests and servants, all in various stages of undress, ca¿ie rush- ing along, the passage bearing lights. A babel of voices arose, and I managed to babbel some incoherent explanation, and led the way into the room. There on the floor lay the ghost, and we lowered the' candles to look at its face. I sprang up with a cry on recognising who it was. " Frank Eingan ! " . It was indeed Frank Singan disguised .a? a woman, in wig and brocades. He looked at me with a ghostly face, his mouth working nervously. With an 'effort he raised himself t»n his hands and tried to Speak-whether in confession or exculpa- tion, I know not. " !feut the attempt was too much for him, a choking cry escaped his lips, a jet of blood- burst frrmr-his- mouth, and he fell back dead. . 17 Over the rest of the events of that . tpi^ble^ night I draw a veil. There are "some1' things it is as well not to speak of. Only I may state that ail through the horror arid confusion Percy Singan, thanks to my strong sleeping draught, slumbered as. peacefully as a child, thereby saving his Ufe. . r ', ' : With the morning's light came dis- coveries and explanations. We found one " of the panels behind the tapestry of the Blue Room open, and it gave admittance into a passage, which on examination (proved to1 lead info Frank Bingan's bed rooiij. On the floor we discovered a delicate hand formed of steel, and which bore marks of having been in the fire. On my right wrist were three distinct burns, which Photo by Show Bros , Bunbury. VIEW ON THE BRUNSWICK RIVER. -, : "i > I have no hesitation in declaring were caused by the mechanical hand which we picked up near the dead man. And the ex- planation of these things came from Miss Laura, who was wild with terror at the death of her master, and said in her first outburst of grief and fear, what I am sure she regretted in- her calmer moments. " It's all Frank's fault," she wept. " He was poor and wished to be rich. He got Percy ..to make his will in his favour, and wanted to kUl him by a shock. He knew that Percy had heart disease, and that a shock might prove fatal ; so he contrived that his cousin should sleep in the Blue Boom on Christmas Eve; andrhe himself played the ghost of Lady Jean, with-the burning hand. It was a steel hand, which he heated in lus own room so as to mark with a scar, those it touched." ' "Whose idea was this?" I asked, hor- rified by the devilish ingenuity of the scheme. " Frank's ! " said Miss Laura, candidly. . " He promised ito marry me if I helped him to get the money by Percy's death. We found .that there was a secret passage leading to the Blue Boom; so some years ago we invented the story that it was haunted." " Why, in God's name ? " " Because Frank was always poor. He knew Shat his cousin in Australia had heart disease, and invited him home to kill him with fright. To make things safe he was always talking about the haunted room, and telling the story so that every- thing should be ready for Percy on his arrjval. Oui plans were all carried out. Percy arrived and Frank got him to make the will in his favour. Then he was told the story of Lady Joan and her hand, and by setting fire to Percy's room last night I got him to sleep in the Blue Chamber without any suspicion being aroused." "You wicked woman !" I cried. "Did you fire Percy's room on purpose ? " " Yes. Frank promised to marry me if I helped him. We had to get Percy to sleep in the Blue Chamber, and I managed it by setting fire to his bedroom. He would have died with fright when Frank, as Lady Joan, touched him with the steel hand, and no one would have been the wiser. Your sleeping in that haunted room saved Percy's life, Dr. Lascelles ; yet Frank invited you down as part of his scheme, that you might examine the body, and declare the death to be a natural one." " Was it Frank who burnt the wrist of Herbert Spence some years ago ?" I asked. " Yes ! " replied Miss Laura, wiping her redeyes. "We thought if the ghost ap- peared to a few other people that Percy's death might seem more natural. It was a mere coincidence that Mr. Spence died . three months after the ghost touched him." . . *' Do you know you are a very wicked woman,'Miss Laura ? " "I am a very unhappy one," she re- torted. " I have lost the only man I ever loved -, and his miserable cousin survives to step into his shoes as the master of King shaw Grange." That was the sole conversation I had with the wretched woman, for shortly after- wards she disappeared, and I fancy must have gone abroad, as she was never more heard of. At the inquest held on the body of Frank the whole strange story came out, and was reported at full length by the London press to the dismay of ghost-seers ; for the fame of Bingshaw Grange as a haunted mansion had been great in the land. I was afraid lest the jury should bring in a verdict of manslaughter against me, but the peculiar features of the case being taken into consideration I wa^s acquitted of blame, and shortly afterwards returned to India with an unblemished character. Percy Bingan was terribly distressed on hearing of his cousin's death, and shocked by the discovery of his treachery. How- ever, he was consoled by becoming the head of the family, and as he lives a quiet life at Bingshaw Grange there is not much chance of his early death from heart disease-at all events from a ghostly point of view. The Blue Chamber is shut up, for it is haunted now by a worse spectre than that of Lady Joan, whose legend (purely ficti- tious) was so ingeniously set forth by Frank. It is haunted by the ghost of the cold- blooded scoundrel who fell intohis own trap ; and who met his death in the very moment he was contriving that of another man. As to myself, I have given . up ghost-hunting and sleeping in haunted rooms. Nothing will ever tempt me to experiment in, that way again. One adven- ture of that sort is enough to£last nie a lifetime. 