CHIAPTEP. L.XL- A PAGE OF TIlE PAST." The Hermit looked fixedly at the masked face "of the man who chose to be known simply by the name of I Ghost, and said: "Is that girl your friend?"' "She is." "What is she to the Monarch of the I Mountains?" _ "She is nothing to him." "She calls him father." ."You know this?" - "Yes." "IIow do you know it?" "I have been within the hearing of the I voice when she has done so." "Well. granted; but I repeat that the man is nothing to her." "What is she to you?" "One whom I wou!d serve." "How serve her in these wild moun- I tains?" "By taking her from them when the time comes for me to do so;" "Ahl, again I have confidence in you. But what are you to the Monarch of the Mountains?" "Nothing." "You lakow himhn well?" "Fur better than he thinks." The Hermit said no nmore just then, but as the Ghost came to him when ready i to start, he asked: "Wi'lll you unmask your face?" The Ghost at once did so. Long did the Hermit gaze into the countenance thus revealed, as though he would read it thoroughly;' Then he said:' "Again I tell you.that'I will trust you, for one with that face cannot be evil. Throw, off that shroud ,that you wear anid your toijue, for I wish to ttalkf 'to you." "Why not when I return?" "It may be too late then." "Why too late?" "I do not believe the wound you gave me is fatal; but I suffer from it, and it may be. Should aught happen to me you would not know the truth, and I wish you to do so." S"I can now understand why you would have me wait, and thougi-I believe and hope you will come round all right, still it may be as you say, and I will gladly hear all that you wisal to say to me." "God bless you, boy-for you are a boy to me, as I have passed the half-century post, and you cannot be over thirty." "I am not so old-only twenty-four.' "Then there has been that in your life to age you. But I must not delay you, or trifle with time, as far as I am con cerned, so I will tell you my story." "Only that I may-serve you in case of need.". "Yes; but listen well to all I have to "When I was younger than you are, I had a happy home and loving parents, though we were poor, for reverses had come upon my father. In the town where we lived was a young girl, our physician's daughter, and her beauty of s face and form won the hearts of all the beaus., and I fell madly in .love with t her. "She returned my love and we were en gaged, she refusing some brilliant offers to accept mine. Among my rivals was ay young man whose father was very wentl- I thy, and who was looked upon as the catch of the place, though lie was very = fast. Finding that he could not, by alise report, turn my sweetheart against me, he suddenly became my friend, for I she had then told me nothing of all lihe had s?id about me. " Soon before the day appointed for our marriage I was attacked by two tramps one night, shot, robbed, and left for dead. But I- was found soon after and carried home, where I lay for weeks between life and death. "As soon as I got well enough to be up, the doctor told me I must go away for a change, and my devoted nurse through all quietly married me and went with ""tecovering my health, I obtained a position as cashier in the town: bank, and all went well for years. Two chil dren were born to us-a son arid , a daughter-and it seemed that my cup of happiness was full In the half a dozen years I had been married. . "But I ezidorsed a note for a friend-this e same old-time rival who had afterwards been most friendly with me. Tie had be een away from home for years, no one knew where, and coming home, had en tered into business. and I endorsed hlis n paper, and he, again taking to gambling, It as in his earlier years, lost all and ruined a "The night before the crash camne the r bank of which I was cashier was broken into, the watchman killed, and the safe It robbed.: ,e "Then passed several days of anguish to me. It was discovered that I was d ruined, suspicion fastened upon me, and; \- to hasten with my story, I was.arrested, 5 circumstantial evidence candamned me, and at the trial widcn followed I was is found guilty ortf rder and robbery, and is sentenced to die on the gallows." ie - ' . . 