Late VerBe. A PRAYER 'FOR TEACE, , .' POEM BY ELlZADF.Tit 8TUA11T l'MKU'S-WAim. God of' all nations I Hold them hack, r Who hookon death upon our traok ! Who welcome woo upon our land, > God of all mercies 1 Bid Uiem stand I 'Control tbo foverod heart nnd brain. That rends itself to rend again ; Arrest, tho word that starts to-day \- To looso the arm thai leaps to slay t Lo, Thou nro groator than our fato, Daring wo cry ; Not yet too into 1 A wail is on tho Easter chime— Bavo us, olr God ! There yet is .time. By memories carvon and graven, / 1 With tho pangs of thirty years ; By tho mind ami tho meaning of battlo— Horror, and nnguish nnd tears ; . By tho souls that wont out in thoir morninu. With tho rose of tho' East on their brjw; By tho splendor In oyes that were darkened, Wistfully watohlug us now ; . By tbo cry oii Hps that wcro silenced Iu slaughter, nnd torture, nnd death ; By tho homeless, desolntc passing . Of tho slow and shattered breath ; By tho man who writhed in tho trenches, By the boy who groaned on tho field, By tho hero who dashed to his dying, Witb only the smoke for a shield. By tho locket that lay on the silent, Cold heart; by the curl of soft hair Ho had bidden to kiss it, nnd treasure Till they found it at last, with him, thoro By the mother who boro him, and gavo him Ah, God 1 By tho desolate wifo ; By the girl in. whose heart he is holy From the dawn to tho dark of her life ; ' By tho homes that nie builded on ashes, By tho ghosts at the hearth that we havo : By the life that went down with tho soldier Into the weed-grown grave ; By tho waste, nnd the woe, nnd tho murder By the crimo of the sVot nnd tho shell, That tears at the flesh and tho spirit', By the 60ul of war, which is hell — ' Save, save us, good Lord 1 . , Misguided! r Blinded by blood ftrid by mist, Ob. savo lis tbo Eastor lillics Hold la the hands' of Christ I ' HEROIC STILL IN MATRIMONY. It Is sa'd thnt Piper Findlater, tho hero of Pftrgni.'ha refused ft lady with £5000 a year who offorod to marry hini.— Dally Paper. - I A cold five thousand pounds a year Seems worth a matrimonial ring ; But when the piper said ' No fear 1" Ho did a vciy gallant thing, And second "only to the fight Ho braved, before, on Dargai'shclght. Tho bargnin, 60 it seems to me, In all things equitably ran ; Tho fnir, and slightly errant, sho Would " pay tho piper," nnd tho'man Throughout a lifelong honeymoon Would have to let her " ca' the toon." Perhaps some 44 girl he loft behind " Hau made with him a previous p:>ct ; Perhaps, donco lad, lie called lo mind A recent Married Women's Act. One takes a lady witli n purse For better— probably for worse. But Btlll, a double hero ho So fair a dowry lo rnjcct ; Yet, if a during (feed who'd see, Hnforu a husband she'll select, I'll guarantee a hundred who Will try it If she wants them to, For half five thousand they would faco A Boer upon his native plain ; Would ridu In any steeplechase, Or jump from any railway train . In short, do any ot these thiugs In trying which wo long for wings. Thus wealthy dames may certain feel, Whi)o men liuvo debts and Jews hold bills, Thnt valor at their feel will kneel, Gaping at richly ullded pills. " Vto victis !" hut, In amorous war, — " Tho World.", 