AN ANGEL OF INNOCENCE. ClLLPTEIl XXX1I1. "When tlio duel betweeu Adrian Clyffordo and Grantloy Fitztiustroy terniiuatoS , , tho surgeons provided by each socond attended their fnllon principals. Both were found stretched on their faces—it being a curious fact itliat mon, when shot, mostly full forward. "When they were turned over, and their wounds examined, the surgeon attending Grantley Fitzaustroy cleared the- blood which was pouring from his chook away, and closely scrutinized the wound. Presently ho said to Major Garsh— 'It is nothing serious, a mero flesh wound ; ho is only stunned. Got him to tho nearest cottago; a few days' confinement will see him about again." 'Thunder and lightning !' ojaculatod the major, with a gasp,'that's devilish lucky; I thought ho was a gone goose. We'll soon find a cage and a porch for him somewhere handy.' 'But tho other man,' observed the surgeon, glancing at tho spot where he saw Colonel Egromout and his Irish surgical friend bonding over Adrian Clyffordo; 'I am afraid it's all over with him. Had we not hotter go and loqk a,t:him? Our man will do no harm lying quietly hero for a faw minutes.' ' Sheets of Hainoaud howling blasts ! what for?' exclaimed the major, vehemently. ' If ho is a cooked Chris tian, shan't wo have to find a vanish ing point before we can count decimal nought, nought, nought ? Beolzobub's great aunt! lot us bo conspicuous by our absence before our antagonists can miss us front the scene of carnage. Observo the smoke which so gracefully curls over the hedges yonder. 'I here stands a cottage I'll swear. Up with Fitzaustroy's shoulders ; I'll look after his pins. Be sharp, man ! ho's bleed ing like a purling rill ; and if you don't stop it, ho may make excellent veal, but he won't continuo a live lion. . The doctor did as requested ; and as the major moved rapidly, and with as little hoed to the comfort of his pati ent ns if ho were assisting to carry a log, they wore soon at tho cottago where Sir Merle Adamant subsequent]} , found Grantley, and where Major G-areh loft him and tho doctor, before the only tenant of the humble cabiu, the girl already introduced to the reader, had recovered from the amaze ment which the sight of a bleeding, senseless body, placed at her foot on the square brick tiles, had occasioned her. The ranjor, as soon as ho bad released Lie hold of Grautloy i?itzaustrey, whia. pared a few words in the doctor's ear, and quitted the cottage instantly. The doctor, having bandaged Grant ley's head, and, aided by the girl, carried his patient to abed in the room above, gave her some money, a few directions, a promiso to come again on the morrow, and then ho disappeared also, leaving the girl aloue, with the reflection that sho was provided with a lodger whom sho had never expected, never bargained for, and whom she could not turn out, much as she might wish to perform that ceremony. In tho meantime, Colonel Egremont and his Irish friend wero occupied in discovering what damage Adrian Clyf forde had sustained ; aud tho practised eye of tho surgeon soon detocted, not only where ho had been struck, but- t.Jie direction tho ball had taken. 'It is an ugly hit,' observed Colonel Egremont, anxiously. 'You may say that,' returned the doctor, who had carefully opened Adrian's" vest and was tracing the course taken by tho bullot. 'It isn't a divilled drumstick you'd be taking j this blissid morning for breakfast, colonel, ay you'd had such a tattoo this bate on the ribs of you.' ? - ' Is he dead P' inquired the colonel, as he nervously scrutinized the eenee less form of Adrian. * No, colonel; but the poor fellow's lyiii* on the threshold ..of death's doore,' replied the surgeon ; ' and it'll bo a miracle as will save the life ov him.' ?'??'? "''.:l'.-.-'.' ' Had we not better let him lie here, and send some assistance, to him?' suggested the colonel, hesitatingly, half ashamed of. his own proposition. : . ' liavo him here, is it ?' interrogated the surseon, sharply. 'Assistance, is it! What do you take mc for, colonel ? —a provp , -marshal, with a heart in the body of .mc like a twenty-four poand ball ? What 'ii.d I be here for, colonel, iE it wouldn't bo professional assistance I'd give? Hefe, shred that lint —no, stay, run and bring the car riage convaynient as you can. We must get him .somewhere before the blood's drained out of him, or he'll take hisjjreakfaet wid his greatgrand fathcrVpaternal ancestor.' ' Do you think he'll die ?' asked the colonol, urgontly: ' Do not fot, for heaven's sake, trillo with mo. It is of tho utmost importance to mc to_ be certain on this point at the earliest possible moment.' , Tho surgeon glanced up at him with a flashing eye. It struck him that the colonel's wish was father to his ques tion. There was something, at least, very inhuman in his manner as well as in his suggestions. 'Die?' he repeated; 'die is it, colonel ? Make up your mind ou that point. His nutnbor will be called as siire as mine will, and yours too. Die, poordivil? ? He must die ; an'naythor £ —nor the.greatest o' livin' suggoons ?—can't ltapo him from it.' <1 —1—I'll send —you shaU have tho carriage immediately, O'Tulla moro —immediately. -Save him if you can!' exclaimed tho colonel, and hurried away as fast as he conld run. ' Save him, will I ?' ejaculated O'Tullamoro, gazing contemptuously after him. ' Savo him, is it? Ow!' ow !- wait awhile. I'll" see what I can do; though it is'ut savin' ov him you mane, you villain o' the world. Musha, thin, on'y look at the likes o' that. "Why, tho colonel's a bigger bhiyguard than tho basto that meant murderin' this poor boy here. Sure, how white his pretty fuco is. It's woopin' and wailin' his mother 'ud bo if she could see him now. Bad luck to tho colonel !he manes tho boy harrum—tho back o' my hand an' tho sowl o* my foot to him for it. But ho shan't harrum tho poor boy any way. He's a bravo, handsome fellow, an' I'll stick by him as if ho were a sou o' my mother's, like myselF, which I am.' All this while he was engaged in stem ming the blood, and in examining Adrian's body, applying styptics, and oven probing his wound. Presently he exclaimed— ' The Lord's good ! By all the snakes that St. Patrick made lave Irelaud to tho tuno of ' Tho ltogue'a March,' I have found tho blayguard bullet that kilt tho poor boy intiroly. Sure, I'll put that pill in a box, and show it him whoa we drink bad luck to tho colonel, au , the other vagabones, in the tumbler o' whisky I'll mix.for him ! Maeha ! ho's got a rib or two smashed ; but the ball wasa jintleman, every inch of him ; it wouldn't do tho dirty work of the blayguard who sint it.' "While thus soliloquizingover'tha pros trate Adrian, and employing all his surgical knowlodge to prevent the mis chief already doiio extending further, ho saw the carriago which lind con veyed him and hie companions hither brought as near as possible to the spot on which ho was seated as the diffi culties of tho ground would admit, ami ho expected to see Colonel Egromont hasten to him from it, to help him carry Adrian to tho spot whero it now stood. But ho waited in vain. He heard the coachman shout to him, but thoro was no appenrauco of Colonel Egromont. "When his patience was exausted, he beckoned the driver to him, and after some.little dolay the man quitted his box, and came to him. ' Where's tho colonol ?' askeJ O'Tullamoro, fiercely. 'IE you please, sir,' returned tho man, 'ho said that n. most particular engagement very early this morning in London called him away, and he was obliged to leave the care of the injured gentleman ontirely to you. The colonel said, sir, also that ho would writo to you' at the" barracks in a day or two. , ' May the divil call his number be fore that day comes!' muttered O'Tul lamore, with an expression of disgust upon his features. Ho did not, how ever, Buffer the coachman to hoar him. Ho merely said to him— ' You must help mc to carry this wounded gintleman to tho carriage*.??'-." Tho man obeyed him, but he' : was' a little rough in handling Adrian, who was still senseless, and O'Tullamore' bawled out to him— 'Whist, you thave of the-'-world !? tiudorly, man tiuderly ! You ? must carry "him as gintly as you would your mother's only chiiny teapot,- ay you were taking it to tho pawn-shop. Bedad, if ..you'd-brako: it, there'd "be niver another pace of plate in the family. Ah, an Iher'll .niver be another such.a purty boy as this to ktipe up family credit, ay ypu shake tho breath out of him, by pully-haul ing as if ho wore bago' nuts, you spalpeen.' The inanproinised 4 tobo more careful, and between them they conveyed Adrian safely to the carriage. ' The surgeon contrived that he should be placed within in a posturo the least likely to be injurious to him, and then ho sent the man to fetch the case of pistols and the surgical inetru monts: ? While he was gone O'Tullamore stroked his neatly-trimmed black and muttered, in evident per plexity — , ' . 'What'll I do with him now- I've gSt him to myself? ; There's some blayguard work goiu* on, . an' the colonel's iv it elbow deep. " All the' vagabones have bolted,. bekase they believe the life's been-.knocked put. o\ this poor fellow; but ho shall give .'em a taste ay his power yet. .Lot mc see. Where'll I put him to kapehim quiet, an'? out o' .harrum's way? Moses! ay I don'ti; kill two, b.irds .with one stone, call mc TomCodd, an , pilt mc for a omahdawu. Isn't there the widdy a dyin , to see mc ?—at least, I am doiu , that same to see, her beautiful eyes ; an' hav'n't I on purpose. .Mistress Bridget .Lis moro, ay you pleaso, we'll be down to' your humble retrate this blissed night. The divil a one will sake tho poor boy there.' Tho coachmau at this moment- re turned, and the surgeon directed him to proceed to a hospital at Paddingtou, that being the nearest place where Adrian's wouhd.could'be properly at tended to. On reaching theibliildirig, Surgeon O'Tuliamore had him con veyed to a ward, and-his wounds care-, fully and properly dressed.... Adrian recovered -his consciousness before he reached the hospital; but he was too weak from loss of blood to be able to speak, aud scarcely to move. As soon ac ho could make-all his arrangements, the surgeon adminis tered a narcotic, and at nighty having provided an invalid bed, Adriati'was carefully placed in it, and thence con veyed to the Great AVesteru ltnilway, which' was close - at hand, and there deposited ill the mail train to Exeter, with the surgeon by his side, that he might watch during the journey. At Swindou tho doctor halted, and had. his patient romoved. There ho procured a light covered spring van, and, at a gentle pace, proceodod to a little village called Aston, some few miles distant. In tho outskirts of this small place, tho surgeon stopped tho vehicle, at the entrance to a small shrubbery, lie alighted, opened tho gate, and wont up to tho door ; but being unable to find a knocker or a boll, ho began to thump on the door with his fists. Tlio hour was late, the" night very dark,and, fromtho dead stillnesswhieh prevailed within tho house, tlio Bur geon entertniuod a strong conviction that tho inmates were fast locked in tho anne ot sleep—that (irst sleep, out of which] it is very difficult to arouse those who enjoy tho slumber of an untroubled mind. The surgeon glanced up at tho house, and soliloquized— ' It's asleep that ivory mother's son bE em* is. Niyer mind, I'll bowid 'em presently.' Hβ felt about the portico, and found, as he hoped, n'poudant bell- handle. ' Tho Lord be praised !' he observed. 'Now, then, I'll wake a' pale that shall make tho widdy bolavo the young divilsin the parish are beiu'. married. When she knows who's at her .'.doore, 'Lisn't a brooLD-sticlrsho'll fling at mc ; but it's a smile she'll send, brightenin' over her purty face, which, ay ho could eeo it' ud make-the Father of Evil brush up hia front hair \vi' both paws, an' sing, 'It's inurthering mo yo arc, widdy dear.' Now'for a. tumbler of punch that 'ud coax a starvin' cut from the herrin' o , the world. . "With that he made such use of the bell-handle that it broke after the third tug ; but, nothing discouraged, he proceeded to batter at tho door with his fists. He heard a window flung up from the upper part of tho house, and he immediately etepped out ou the path to show himsolf. Ho was promptly fired at by a gun, or blunderbuss, or somo such weapon, -with such a thun dering report that it stuunod him,' although ho very discreetly ducked his head. Nevertheless, a bullet whistled by his ear so closely that it was providential to have escaped it. Tho shot was followed by a shriek, and then by tho springing of a rattle of great power; and this stimulated tho surgeon to shout, at tho top of his Voice— 'Widdy ! Widdy! Widdy Lismore, whist IJl?latheranouns an' tho divil! hould your—whist! Sure it's your frind, Surgeon O'Tullamore, that's at your doore, ma'am. Murder, widdy ! don't bo afther waking the dead thnt'n at your gate, ma'am. Whisht, widdy ilar I in' !' The sound of the surgeon's voice actod like oil on troubled waters; it settled tho disturbance. J?or a miuuto there ensued a", dead sileuco, nnd then thero \\\aa a little whispering at the open window. The surgeon cried out instantly— ' Mrs Lismore, it's your ould friend, Pnndrcen O'Tullamore, who's knockiu' at your doore, nia'ntn. May the graae never grow on its'lhreshold.' Presently a female voice, soft, plea sant, and rich iv its tone, jexclaiincd, with a slight tremor in it—? ' Ah, now,.Mr O'Tullamore, are you Huroit's you ?'. 'As sure, ma'am, as I am that I hear angels whisporin* when I listen to your swate voice,' he returned, in his blandest accents. : 'An it , B not your ghost, Mr O'Tulla lnore, that kerns here.at this timo o' night to bother a lonely widdy, instead 'o' yourself, who ought to bo afther .kemining like a dacent Christian :in the blessed daylight ?' responded tho VOIC9. ' Mrs Lisinore, ma'am, nost to the pleasure of. seeing you, it's" a*£littlo uiattor o , business an' duty which brings mo here nt this onsasonable moment,' returned the doctor. ' Plase to stip down, ma'am, till I explain. I've a frind here at your gate, Biddy, who stands in need of all your blessed charity, an' it is not yourself as 'ud keep a dyin' man out in the- cowld while you argued what is. proper atune two old friends like you and I, ma'am.' AVithin a minute or so, the door was unbarred, and a very; handeoino woman, with brilliant black eyes and glossy black hair, presented herself. A much ybuugor female, whose form, and nearly the whole of whoso face, was shrouded in a cloak, stood tremb ling in the rear. The dark-eyed lady was tho ' widd,' aud as soon as she saw that the sur geon was alone, she said— 'Mr O'Tuliamore, you villain, it's "the whisky-puuch that'e brought ; you here at this onsatnely ' ' : ' '' : ? Whisht, widdy darlin , ,'. interposed the doctor, hastily, 'Sure, first, it's your' own awato self, ma'am; then it's the poor purly boy at the gate yonder; and then it*ll be the whisky 'punch,""ma'am, ay you'll mix it for mc; for a divil a dhrop ay it have- I had atune my lips this day.' "' :The surgeon then proceeded to ex plain that his friend at the gate could 'noa'walk in,' as the widdy suggested, for he hadlbees one of the principals in a duel, and had been hit, but not ' kilt intirely.' He was just wounded enough-to lay up and require nursing, and the doctor insisted that 'no one in the world could do] that same so w.ell as" Misthress Lismoro, ma'am.' Mrs Lismoro looked puzzled, aud did not seem to think tho proposition a felicitous, one ; but tho doctor re minded her that his patient was young —a mere boyr-that he was in a bed ah the gate, and that if she turned him from it, the chances were he would die from exhaustion. Mrs Lismbro, after all, did not need much persuasion to take in the poor wounded youth, and within half an hour from that time, Adrian was placed in a comfortable bed, in a clean,.neat, airy chamber. Arrangements had also been entered into to secure him all the care and attention whi-.-h his condition required. ' . The doctor, armed with a bottle ot whisky.a couple of lemone, some sugar, a tumblor, a portable stove, and a small kettle, by the aid oE which' ho could obtain as much hot water as he require, prepared to paesthe re mainder of tho night by the couch, of Adrian. . ?? ' He sent the ' widdy' and her young female companion back to their beds ; aud he sat up to watch hie patient, to tonst the "Widow Liemore, and to empty the bottle, which ho did with out flinching. For a week Adrian male but small progress, for inllammation and fever set in, and they woro attended by delirium. lie was fortunate in having .the doctor almost constantly with him, and in having two such nurses as the Widow Lismore and her niece, Aileen Glandore. The surgeon was on leavo from his regiment, and, indeed, having unex pectedly come into a small, yet com fortable income, hu had almost— made up his mind to retiro from the service, and marry the ' widdy.' She was the relict of a brother officer, who died while yet a lieutenant, but well enough off to leavo his wife iiu incomo which enabled her to live in respecta bility in a country place, where living was clioap, and her wants few. She was a handsomo woman, still quite young, full of life and spirits, and possessed one of the kindest and most generous hearts in the world. Her niece, Aileen, was a very ro mnrkablo saiuplo of Irish female beauty—a beauty which, in its perfec tion, is not to bo surpassed by that of any other nation in the world. She might have passed for a native of Mount Tmolus, for her hair wag as golden as if it had from her birth been liiYcd in the waters of Pactolus. Cores might,have envied her its possession. Then her'eyes were a lustrous blue, and her eyelashes dark us night. Her features we're perfectly regular, and her complexion a blending of the vorj purest white and red. It was a faco not too often seen; even in Ireland, wliero such faces do make the young men of the favored localities feel faint, and talk figuratively. It was such a face, as St. Filomena might have justly claimed, if goodness und loveliness woro always combined. She had just turned over her seven teenth year, and looked as good as she was beautiful. She was an orphan daughter of a favorito sister of the Widow Lismore, and would have been friendless and homeless but for her aunt. Yet her own mother could have scarcely loved her more dearly than did Mrs Lismore ; and she would at any time have readily sacrificed any personal comfort, or even interest, to have, insured Aileen a contented mind, and always a bright smile on her fair young countenance Aileen had a quiet, reserved, shy manner, and had a natural habit of keeping her thoughts to herself, The wido,w used often to say that it would bo easier to extract a pearl out of a lump of bog oak than to elicit Aileen's opinion of even the simplest events in whicji she had taken part, or of any persQ.n with whom she was acquainted. WJiat she thought of Adrian she kept ; to herself; what she did was to watch him and tend him with un wearying tenderness and gentleness. Th\e surgeon, under the influence of the widow's eyes, and of the trae usquebagh, was fast approaching a settlement of bis mind upon a settle ment in life. The fact was that the pretty ' widdy' liked him much. He was her own- counti - ynmn ; he was as true-hearted a man, too, as ever breathed, was as simplo as a child, geiierQUS to a fault, and had a turn of spirit 'and principlo which made him certainly one of nature's gentlemen. The "widdy" had quite enough shrewdness and perception to find this out very quickly—quite enough ster ling goodness in her own composition to appreciate it; and there can be no doubt, as she speedily detected that the tide -the exceedingly strong tide—of his affections was setting in tho direc tion of an. offer to her of his hand, heart, and self, she gave it a chance by giviug," : him a more than .an average share of her company. Thus Aileen had, too, more than an average share of nursing Adrian. As we have intimated, she suid nothing about it. There was no hint at com plaint"; if anything, she was rather grateful to Surgeon O'Tullaraore for absorbing so much of her -aunt's time;. 1 ?: ?? - ? - ??-.???? Of course, this kind, unfailing at tention, and all this patience and gentleness on the part of Aileen, were not'losl upon Adrian, after the fever had abated, and he began to compre hend his , position ; but it was easy for them to all see that there .was some thing on- his mind which troubled him exceedingly, and about which he could not prevail upon himself to say a word, even td"-Siirgeon O'Tullamore. He : was not only very weak, but he felt too' Weak to enter into a conversa tion. "He wondered much where he was, and who the vevy kind and plea sant-looking peoplewere moving about him. He remembered, of course, the. duel ; but nothing after a blinding flash, afeport, and. a curious smart, yet' dulf'blow on tho body. Hovf.. he" had got into his present which, from the sweetness of the air, the restless, unceasing rustling of leaves, and tho singing of birds, ho could surmise wore some distance from tho Greaiy City, he could not imagine. Ho much wished to ask the gentle young girl who ministered to his wants with so much heedful attention ; but it was a question which he felt would lead to being questioned, and that he knew as yet he could not support, and so he resolved to wait and sco what a day or two would do for him. The doctor had told him that he was get ting on lilie ' a blazing straw stack ;' and he hoped that, by being patient and obedient, and by following ira plicity tho surgeon's instructions, he should soon bo ablo to discuss the question which pressed so heavy upon his mind. He remembered only too vividly all that had transpired previous to the duel. Ho remomberod that ho had written letters addressed to his parents, to Eve, and to Clarice, with instruc tions that tho packet containing them should bo forwarded to his father, if not reclaimed with three days. He assumed that the three days had passed ; that his father nay, all to whom letters had been addressed —had received them ; and that they believed him to be dead, even though as yet they were unacquainted with the place where his body had been laid ; and they that were mourning his death. That his parents, at least, would do so, it was natural for him to believe. That Evo would weep for him ho could only hope ; and yet for his very life he would not have her grieve. Still, it would be hard to;'lknow Unit she did not regret what she would suppose to bo his sudden and premature death. Clarice, too ; he thought of her, and with deep anxiety. Ho did not believe for an instant that in her heart she loved him ; ho did not believe her to be actually pure-minded ; but he could not bring himself to credit the insinua tion convoyed in Grantley Fitzaustroy's coarse speech, without entertaining a conviction that, If * J ?it possossed a shadow of truth, she had been - made the victim of some treacherous, design iug scoundrel. If she had, he felt that it would bo his duty to risk his life again, and for her. For ho was deter mined that her betrayer should make her the only reparation in his power by marrying her. Ho reckoned without taking into consideration the views that- Clarice migh.t havo upon the subject. It nover occurred to.him that she might have formedplnns of her own, into which tint of .marrying the man who had robbed her of honour did not enter. Ho only wished, prayed, that he might quickly recover, so jas to be ablo to seek her, and wring from her the truth or falsity of Grantley Fitzaustrey's im putation. If it should prove true, his course was plainly marked out; if false, well, thejuttermost tend of the earth would not be too far to boar him and his hopeless love for Eve. It was strange, Jperhaps, fthat he should consider his love to be hopeless if he remembered how Eve had- gazed upon him when she first observed his face in Come Wood—with what ex pression sho looked into his eyes when he was introduced to her at tho man sion of the Countess of Carleton—if he had not forgotten that when, in almost breathless accents, ho had declared his love for her, sho throw herself upon his neck, and wept passionately. Strange he should believe that even with that demonstration his prospects of winning her love were unfavorable ; and yet he did. It seemed to him that, situated as he was, any person of posi tion, and with some personal qualifi cations, stood a better chance of gain ing her hand than he. He thought of her "wealth, her posi tion, her wondrous beauty—of every thing which his diffidence regarded as obstacles to his dearest hopes; and an ho lay stretched and helpless on his bed, wounded almost to death, and faint as one on its threshold, ho wished that Eve would bnlieve him to bo dead ; for in supposing so she might treat his memory more gently, and be induced to pardon a fault which had been .originated by her extreme beauty,'and not by any intentional dereliction from' honourable principles. ,' ". If ho could have known the truth, his patience under his visitation would havo boeu far, very far, lees than what it was ; nay, it-is doubtful whether it would not havo been fatal to him. ? If lie could have seen Evo abandon ing the very wealth which heregnrded as the greatest obstacle iv the path to her hand—flying front security—from her best frionds—from the only homo liklely, for.a titno, at-least, to bo a safe haven for her; if he could have seen her plunging unconsciously into the very dangers it was of vital impor tance to her happiness —even to her virtue —to avoid, and had found him self chained at the very moment to his couch, unable to move "n finger to save her, it is doubtful whether tho skill of Surgeon O'Tullamoro would have availed to have rescued him from the fate Grantley Fitzaustrey and Colonel JSgremont had designed for him. i.&Jfc;'. As it was, he resigned himself to his inevitablo situation, and obeyed like n child, and with grateful eyes, all the injunctions—mostly mute—the raising of a linger, the shnko of the appealing glances—which were given to him by one of tho prettiest, airiest, gentlest nurses the world ever saw. (To be continued.) 