Literature, Art, Etc, But woids are things, and a small drop of ink, Falling like dew upon a thought, produces That which makes thousands, perhaps millions, think. Sir Henry Hawkins, the famous English judge, thus explains his refusal to write his memoirs:—" if you begin by saying what a splendid fellow you are they call you egotistical, and as for saying anything against myself, I'll be hanged if I will. Would you ? " Hall Caine is likely to visit Australia on a lecturing tour shortly. Receipt is acknowledged from the Registrar - General of the " Statistical Register of Western Australia" for 1896 and previous years. The reading public of the world will soou be having a surfeit of books about England's G.O.M. Doubtless some of the books which are being spiung on London so quickly after his demise were written up already for the doctor's final verdict, and were in press before the eminent statesman was in his coffin. " Talks with Gladstone " is the title of the volume published by the Hon. Lionel Tollemache, while Walter Jerrold has taken " W. E. Gladstone, England's Great Commoner" as the name of his book. A third volume, " Life or W. E. Gladstone," is by G. W. E. Russell. That dramatic story, " The Prisoner of Zenda," has been translated into German by Clarence Sherwood. The sequel to the ttory, " Rupert of Hentzau," should soon be out in kookform. It hits already appeared in a serial. Benjamin Swift, who wrote "Nancy Noon " and '' The Tormentor, ' has published his third novel under the 1 title of •'The Destroyer." The real name <f this author is A1 r W. Roniaine Paterson, and he is the son of a Glasgow phyeician, though he admits knowing leas of his native country than he ought, since he has lived for many year's on the Continent of Europe. Perhaps this is the reason why all his fictional characters are so cosmopolitan that they neem to have no special abiding place, and boast of no country's flag. Foreign nomenclature, decent English, fair characterisation, good construction, and a dash of metaphysics, seems to be the prescription for his storied so far. Mr James Payn, like Dickens, Lytton, Stevenson and others left behind him the-MISS of an unfinished novel. It has not yet been decided whether to publish it in its present form, or to complete it. Omar Khayyam seems likely to have a following, or craze like to that of Brown- ing, Swinburne, or Meredith. At a dinner given recently in London, at the Omar Khayyam Club, Mr Asquith. who was a guest, made a speech vindicative of this. At the same club some months ago. Col. John Hay gave an address in praise of Omar, which has jaow been published in booklet form in America. In the course of his address Col. Hay described how he was once startled, when camping out in the Rockies, to hear at sunrise a frontiers man intoning the first stanzas of Omar's poem. Phil May is engaged in illustrating " David Copperfield." The late Mr James Payn, it is said, in the beginning of his literary career, had 26 articles returned to him in one year. Yet he ventured to marry, soon after he . had graduated at Cambridge, in reliance upon his pen for a living. The original of Old Brooke in "Tom Brown's Schooldays," the Rev. John Philip Gell, has passed away. He was well-nigh the last of Arnold's famous sixth format Rugby—Clough, Stanley, Simpkinson, . Lake, and Vaughan having gone before. It now transpires that " Corelli Mary, quite contrary," isn't going to publish " The Sina of Christ "after all, and has isBued a circular to inform all and sundry that it never was her intention to do «o,ns she iB not built that way, being an ardent and earnest CjiriB$ign. The report, it appears, was cifculatafl by "Literature," a journal with some reputation for veracity, • which adds to its apology for the rumor the intelligence that " the statement waB made on most reliable information." Which gives us pause- Furthermore, Miaa Marie Corelli informs us that she does not intend to publish any book this year or for come time to come. Then all is, indeed, loBt t "Through Persia on a Sidesaddle," by Ella C. Sykea< is a picture of .the. Persia of to-day as seen in every day by an everyday sensible woman,- who tumbled with her brother Capt. Sykes on his journeyings through the country, when on a mission to found a British Consulate at Kerman, and delimitate the Baluch-Persian frontier. The book is written in a graphic manner, but quite without exaggeration, or prejudice, and one gathers from reading it that the decadence of Islamism, which is so complete, is on the eve of being swept out of sight by the advance of Western civilisation and education. Official corruption and opium have both been prominent factors in the degradation of Persia, but the country is a glorious and a fertile one, which will in the future be the home of a vigorous people. * " The Dachet Diamonds," by Richard Marsh, is a commonplace improbable story, poor and hackneyed in plot, with no motif, poor construction, and wooden characters. Mr. W. Q. Orchardson has been commissioned to paint in one group four generations of the Royal Family of Great Biitain, the Queen, the Prince of Wales, the Duke of York, and Prince Edward of York. Mr. Orchardson doubtless feels himself honored as this is the first time a group of this kind has been executed by an English painter. Which of the three Princes of the blood will finally attain to the throne is impossible to state infallibly. *"Ginette's Happiness," by Gyp, is of the French. Frencby, it is a woman's book that might have been written by a man, for it contains no invective, no bitterness, no small minded side attacks against men, and " Ginette" herself is a natural though not too common character,'which might have been pourtrayed by a broadminded man who had lived much with, and studied, good, unselfish women. The book consists chiefly of conversations which in themselves till the story, so that little description is used, and no padding whatever. It is thoroughly light and airy in tone, though a heart tragedy runs through the pages from first to last, and one regrets that in turning the last page, Ginette's long delayed happiness should, shortlived as it was, have proved the bitter cup of sorrow and desolation only to herself. * " The Girl at Cobhurst," by the author of "Rudder Grange," Frank L. Stocten, is a story with a laugh in it, several lengths indeed, for it is a delineation of life in a New Zealand village, with the quaint characters incident to such a place.. Miss Panny, the wiry old maid, and unsuccessful! matchmaker, who paid her medical'attendant liberally for periodical visits, but who never under any circumstances swallowed his medicines, choosing to store all the unopened bottleB in a cupboard while using.her own simpleB, is the best character in the book. The doctor is a capital -fellow, and a'geeat favorite with old Miss Pantiey, who is really the autocrat of the village. This is the way she talks to the doctor's wife, whom |)he has seen grow up from babyhood : "Kitty Tolbridge, I think you have delibeiately turned your backon one of the greatest opportunities ever offered to a womau with a valuable buBband. There are husbands who have ne value, and who might as well be hurried to their graveB by indigestion as in any other way, but the doctor iB not one of these. If yonc regard-for.-yourhusband's physical condition is not sufficient to make you look on this matter as 1 do, think of his soul. If you don't believe that true religion and good cookinggo hand in hand; wait a year, and then see what sort of a husband you will have." Of course the wife went straight way and engaged the capable cook that Miss Panney intended she should, when she took the matter in hand. The following verses are extracted from a poem of Victor J. Daley's, " A Sunset Fantasy," the commencement of which was given last week in these pages :— Our ship shall be of sandal built, Like* ships in old-world tales, Carven with cunuing art, and gilt, And winged with silken tails. Of silver silk, where >n the red Great gladioli burn, A rainbow flag at her masthead, A rose flag at iier stern. And, perching on the point above Whereon the pennon blows, The figure of a flying dove, And in his beak a rose. And from the fading land the breeze Sha l bring us, blowing low O'd odors, and old memories And airs of long ago— A melodv that has no words Whirh are of s,eech a putt, Yet touching all the deepest cards That tremble in the heart. A scent of song blown oversea, As though from bowers of bloom, A wind-harp in a lilac tree— Breathed music and perfume. Miss Ellen Thorneycroft Fowler, daughter of Sir Henry Fowler, has published a novel under the title of " Isabel Cornaby." Arthur Hutchinson, the new editor of the " Windsor Magazine," is a graduate of Oxford, and his journalistic experiences were gained under the direction of Clement Shorter. , Aubrey Beardsley embraced the faith of Roman Catholicism before his death, so says Max Beerbohm. Holy Church 'seems to be the final refuge for many highly cultured artistic minds which have been some time or . other tortured by unbelief and stranded on the rocks of agnosticism. " Wear wool" is the advice—(but hold—this is an advertisement, so you need not go on with it if you don't want to)—of aKlondiker writing to an Eastern paper last week. He sayB that furs are not nearly so serviceable. warm woollen, blankets and rugs! Though we don't suppose any of the readers of CLAJRE'S WEEKLY are mad enough to put this advice in practioe with reference to Klondike after what they have learnt, still the "tip" to wear woollen clothes is worth taking here, and now. The difficulty is where to get the genuine article, and as so much shoddy iB made from cotton and jute lately, and made to look like wool, persons requiring " the real Mackay " in the article of warm woollen clothing are hereby informed that the place to get" that same " is at Summerfield and Co's, the People's Tailors, Perth and Fremantle. \- During .the .fight >at-Manila the- Petrel chased.A. gun-boat .up the river, and the Spanish captain came off in a boat to negotiate conditions of surrender. The American captain replied that he must surrender un onditionally or fight. To this the Spanish officer answered, " I am willing to fight, but please allow me to send for more ammunition, because mine is exhausted." Showing that, though Quixotic chivaliy still tinges the Spanish character, it has nothing to do with the Yankee. In connection with the "arming of the police" controversy it may be noted that the Berlin police carry swords—an effective weapon against "toughs," and one not likely to go off in the hands of an excited bobby and .-h< ot innocent people a hundred yards down the street. The New York "Evening Jeurnal," Millionnaire Heart's paper) thus epitomises itself:—" The " Journal " is an American newspaper, edited by Americans for Americans. N»> Wall-street runs it; no Trusts contiol it. It was born free, and it owns itse'f. It is an American. It doesn't wear spat«<; declines to worry about * the Piince,' and incidentally isn't caring acontinental what L< n<ion thinks of it. It has come to stay. It didn't get anyone's permission. It lelouus to New York, as thoroughly of right as if it had been born in the City Hall. While New York lasts the "Journal " will iast; while New York grows the " Journal " will grow ; and on: that great final day, when this city and theworld as well shall be consumed in fervent heat, the " Journal" reporters, clothed in appropriate asbestos, will be there collecting fullest details. DEAR CLARB'S—Wilson Barrett does nbt follow Hamlet's advice, and ' hqld the mirror of nature; he mouths and rants= too much. Hamlet is a thoughtful scholar,. who'has vital problems thrust upon hiin,. the solution of which does not suit his character. He tries' to play a part a part for which he is not by nature fitted. Reason and justice hold him back in an age of brute force. He does not believe the ghost; he must have other proof, and when he has the proof he doeB not hurry to revenge; he hesitates, because the King is kneeling. He " lacks gall to make expression bitter;" his philosophy overpowers him. Death is but a sleep; the dust of Caesar goes to fill a bunghole. He's a fatalist, too. There is a destiny that shapes our ends, an ill-feeling here about my heart befor the final act, *• such as would trouble a woman, and if it be not now, yet it will come; the readiness is all." There is more in Heaven and Earth, Horatio, than is ever dreamt of in his philosphy, I cannot conceive this man >as the half-insane ruffian W.B. tries to make him. No, sir; the man has yet to be born who will act Hamlet properly. There was' not much good or bad in Ophelia, exoebting. the sobbing in the mad scene. Sheought to have been told lunatios don't cry and sob. Thomas Martin, who left .£150,000 to Adelaide charities*, was a SouBtralian pioneer. Nearly half a century ago he ran a butcher s- shop in Hindley- street*. Martin, whO'Was an octogenarian, died in England,, having left the Holy City over : forty years, ago. BYRON. W.K. 