CHAPTER LVII?S&ISTRAN.C; DU . A man was golng the moun tains at a swinging a& deer which he had Just shot CIress his shoulder.s, and its u LIth'that of his rifle, not seemil distress hil in the least as he t I through the snow, a foot In dept He wouond his way LivlteV, then turned off into a can co g to the end of It. halted ,- or a small log cabin, bull t?'e.n rance to a rocky cavern -g Chamber in the overhanging T The man had not ht?.. was watched, that there was a horseman slowly following upon his t?ail. , •Dut such was the case,and.tlleiihorse man haltle In the canyon not twoLhun dred feet from the little cabin, and sat upon his horse quietly watchinh . the movements of the one he was tracking. He saw the man hang the deei iipon a tree near his cabin, throw open the door of his little house, and soon the ruddy glare of a fire was visible, reveal. ing the interior and cavern chamber. The horseman'gazed fixedly at the. onehe had followed, and saw a man clad in buckskin, from inoccasint. to capi Ice saw a stalwart form, a face darkly bronzed, long hair and beard turning grey, and one who had'the 'appearance of living the life of a hermit in those dreary mountains. . : The.Iernnit went to cut a chuink of venis6n from' the carcase of the deer, and then for'the first time he saw the horsemn.n What he sa.- was a snow white horse, as the animal appeared to be; and a ridei'r nvelope in'a a iobe re sembling a shroud. "Ha! tracked at last. : This infernal masquerading in the disguise of ghosts shall end" here and now,' shouted . the Hermit; fnd lie sprang Intoihis 'cabin for his rifle. Returning, he raw that the 'whlte horseman' sat motionless, his bands raised above his head, a mute appeal forl mercy. But the Hermit .was as as good as :his word. : Ie'seemed to suspect some trlc,l and disregarding the silent token of sur render, he thlrew.his rifle to Ills shoulder and fired. - .Instantly. the uplifted arms were lowered, there was a quick movement, and a returning flash and report just as the Hermit was about to fire a second time. With' a cry the Hermit staggered backward, clutching at his cabin door, and clinging there,'diew a revolver from .his belt. .But all grew dark before Ilis eyes, and reeling, he fell in the snow, just as the spegtre-like horseman dashed up, threw himself -from his saddle, and said - "Is it surrender, old man, or' shall we fight a duel to the death?" The eyes.of the Hermit opened, and were fixed upon the white-robed form before him, the weird, death-face mask, and he said : "You are the victor, and I the van quished, for I am helpless. But ere you finish your work I should like to know if you are human enough to obey- the bidding of a man to whom you have given hls death-wound; for I have much to say before death seals my lips." The words were spoken slowly, and with an effort, but the reply came quickly : "I will gladly do anything-I can for you. - I fired to wound, not to kill you, and it wasin self-defence; for I raised my arms in token of surrender, and you sent a bullet through my robe." \- "Why did youvcome'here?'" "To learn who and what you are that you so closely haunt the track of the Monarch of the'iountalns?" . -"To 'bring him 'to the gallows, for he deserves it ten, yes a thousandfold," was the savage reply of the Hermit. . "Ah! ,ho has wronged: you; then?" "Ay,: me and mine-cruelly wronged me and many others,'and he'deserves to die." "Who are you?" "Who are you?" was .the stern rejoin der. "I am called by some men the Ghost of the Mountains; by the Indians. the Sepetre. of. the Haunted Fort." TYes; and I have dogged your trail as I have that of the man calling him self the Monarch of the Mountains, and yet I could never track you or him -to your lair. I could have killed him and you again and again, but that would not suit my purpose, so I waited. Alas! I did wrong; for now I am helpless, and my foes are the ones who triumph," "Well, I am not your foe, if the Mon arch of the Mountains is. I am the foe of outlaws, but of no honest man; and if I ain here In the mountains now it Is for. a iurpose.. But. first'-let me see to your.woundAfor tho?ugh I ibllve'd It might be fatal whenI-'saw you fall, now I liope thatit:=is not.. Coime; trust me, and you wsill fnd me your friend, old man." Touched by the words and the tone of the one bending over him, the Hermit said : "I:will trust you.. God grant"my wround be not fatal." "And I heartily say 'Amen' to your prayer," responded the strange man: and he sprang to his feet, adding : "I can and will save you; black 'asit all looks now for you, severely wounded in .this drear place." (To be concluded.) - . . . . . . ... -i. 