CHAPTER II. :', While I was hesitating what to do, my wife, moving to tho stranger, broke into nn animated iconvorsation. lc seemed to me that her manner was n tritio forced. . Her words came to me as though I heard them in a dream. .' Beautiful weather, hasn't it been ? Quite lovely. I have hnd such a delicious walk along tho shore towards Goring." " lt is a charming walk, towards Goring especially at nigh C." . " I have never boen that way at night. I should think it's rather lonely, Isn't it ? Raymond, what nra you standlug them for ? You look ns though you were moonstruck. Como here, do." . " I-I was thinking." " Very civil of you. Come here." .. I went to lier. Sho was on my loft, the Btranger on my right. All nt onco she whispered In .my cur-" Ha has como back again." I whirled right rouud. Hu lind-thu man. He was nt that moment coming through the door. Stoving, rapidly ncroHS thc room, ho came stni'gbt to fue. Hu hold out to mo his knife. .-.,'.' '. Confound you " I exclaimed. I clenched my .fist to strike at him. Thc j Btranger tapped, tivi on tho shouldor. " Ho | has gone." He bad-in front ot mo was Clmrllc Oates. ! Oates laughed. j .." What's the matter ? You look ferocious. Do you wnnt to murder me?" " Oates. You ?" "Of course, it's me. Didn't you know me ? I thought that I was recogulsab e " " Of course, I know you. Only I didn't sec yon coming. You took me by surprise." I glnuced uneasily about tho room. Where had that scoundrel gone ? My wife luid her hnnd upon my arm. From her tone I per- ceived sho was uneasy. " Raymond, aro you unwell ?": ? " I am quite well. Only this sort of thing is rather startling." "What sort of thing?" " Don't you cull it startling when a man conics and goes in this eccentric irliinncr?" ; My wife was silent. Looking nt her, I saw that her eyes were open at their widest. " Aro you alluding .to mo ?". asked Oates, with a. laugh. "I wasn't aware that my comings and goings would bc called eccentric." "Of com HU I wnsn't. ..But there's the1 dinner heil. I'll juBt run upstnirs and attend to my hand." " What ÍB thc '''matter with your hand?" asked Ada." f . .. .'. Can't you sec?" ..': . I held lt ; out in front of me. 'Thc stranger spoke. . '"? '. There is nothing the matter with your hand." :.? There wasn't-or, nt least, there didn't seem to be. , "Well," I cried, "this is thc very latest Talk about thc quickest thing lu cures. AndN -why, there isn't even a stain on my band kerchief. What's ¡ become of all the blood." I-turned.to".tho stranger. "You saw him draw his knife across my knuckles." My wife struck in. " Saw who draw ' nfs knife ncro33 your knuckles? Raymond, what are you talking about?". She addressed the stranger: '. What is he talking about?". The"stranger bowed.* : , > " . í ¿ ' .' v " You should know better than*!." * Aa be bowed I distinctly saw bim wink at me. 1 presumed that ho intcuded to convey a hint that it would be just as well to keep nur little adventures to ourselves. " I took' what I believed ia sporting circles' Uncalled the tip." ? ; ''; ; ' " Coma along, Ada ; they will have begun dinner ueforo we «et there." Uneeremoni-TOsly'I slipped her arm through mine. Bet ire thia several other persons bid put in au appearance. They with ono accord were moving towards the dining-room." Among them were Oates and the ktranger. Bat my wife hung back, "-.. -! "Raymond, do you'think you had better go down to dinner?" '~J' , " My good child, what do you mean ? - I'm starving 1" v " But-are you sure you aro quite well'?" , "I'm well enough; but-" I glanced after the stranger. His back was terned to me. He was going through the 'doorway, with Oates at hts side. " The f icc is, I have had an adventure. It has'o little upset mo."' JVImt sort of an udventur-i ?" .'. Rather . a curious one. I will tell you about it afterwards." " Why not tell mo about it now, Raymond ? You make me foci concerned; you seem so strange." - I «vas hesitating whether I should or should noe tell her there .nn-1 then, when a voice said, speaking, as it appeared, quite close to my ear :1 " Como down to dinner 1" ; I turned with a sturt. '. Hy Jove I" I cried, "Who was that?" " Who was what ? I heard nothing. There is no one herc. Rnymond, what is wrong?" " There is nothing wrong. Only I-I sup- pose I'm hungry. Don't let's stop here, my dear, let's get down stairs." I did not wait for her to reply. I gave her no chance to make ono. I nm afraid I almost dragged her from the room. Catching her arm tightly in mine, I moved quickly towards tho door before she had ah oppor- tunity to speak. I fancied that' my method of proceeding took her breath away. I hurried with her down the Btairs and into the dining-room in a style which must have led auyonc who watched our progres-i to suppose that we were afraid that, if we did not make haste, all tho dinner would be gone, I placcd'hër ou.£ sent.V ; " Raymond," sha demanded, as I took the chair beside her, " are you mad ?" . - '. That, my dear, is a question which I have seriously asked myself already." She looked at roe with an expression in her eyes of absolute terror, ^pretended not to notice it. They wera serving the soup. While they did so I looked up and down tho table. In front of me was the stranger. Something caused ino to bn aware of it, ni. though'I did not see him. I made quite nu effort to prevent my eyes travelling in his direction. I ate my. soap without once glancing up from my plate. At the same time I was conscious that my wife was not eating hers. I felt that she was watching me. While they were handing round tho fish I did glance up. My eyes rested for a moment on the stranger sitting opposite. As they did so he said, in a low tone, which yet was'distinctly audible to me, "He is here again I'V " Where ?" ' " Leaning over your shoulder I" , . I turned, with a shudder of irrcslstable repugnance. I nearly dashed my head against thc scoundrel's face. He was actually leaning over my shoulder, peering into my face with his hideous leer. I rose from my chair. " You villain 1" I exclaimed. -Although my back- was turned to thc stranger I benni him say behind mc, "Ho has gone 1" He was-like n fhsh nf lightning. I sank back into my clinic with a feeling of incon- ceivable amazement. " llaymond, what are you doing ?" : My wife, as she put tho queStion, seemed to bo in a state of nervous agitation. "Nothing. I-I fancy I must have a touch of indigestion." I perceived that the tears were standing In her eyes. ' " " I am sure you are not well." " Don't made- n scene, my dear. I am quito well. Only-only this sort of thing is startling." " I should think It was." ' This I heard the young fellow who was silting next to me mutter to his friend, "I should say ho had got'em again." . - ,.., He appeared to be under tho extraordinary impression that I was suffering from the effects of dipsomania ; which was ngrecablo hearing to a mau who had all his life In en a total abstainer from strong drink. But, say- ing nothing, and endeavoring to steady my nerves - my hands wore trembling-I attacked my fish. " Don't you hear him laughing ?" .-. ' 1 lind scarcely swallowed a mouthful when the stranger put this question to mc from across the table. Thc moment he had put it a peal oE horrible laughter rang through tho room. I laid down my knife and fork. " Tho villain ought not to bc allowed in tho room. Where is thc man ?" Tho young fellow who lind made that un- complimentary' remark about my having "got 'em again" seemed to think that tho question was addressed to him.. " What mau ?" he asked. . "The man who was laughing." "Laughing?" : A startled look was on the youngster's face. " I assure you the man is unsafe. He has already used his knife to me in a woy which ' proves that he would stick nt nothing. Where is he?" . I stood up to see. As I did so an observa- tion was mude by a person who was sitting some little dl-tance down tho table on the opposite side : " I don't fancy tho gentleman cnn bo quite well. If ho will tnkc the advice of a medical man-I happen to ba a medical maa-I think ho had better retire to his own apartment." "' I was nettled at this. '?? " I am obliged to you, sir, but I happen to be in the enjoyment of perfect health. I don't think it is unreasonable to suggest that the sound of that man's laughter is calculated to unsettle the strongest nerves." ' ?-. '',''', . . " But I heard no laughter." ' , This was said by an elderly gentleman who was seated next to the person who asserted that he was a medical mun; ' In that case I congratúlate you. Your hearing, sir, must be dulled. I should say that you ure thc only person in the room who didn't. I eau only hope that it won't occur again." '. I hope it won't." This was from tho youngster on my right. There was on his face a look which I did not like. On second thoughts I perceived that he was not movei so much by terror ns . by a desire to smile. I returned to the consider- ation of my fish. I was aware that I had created a small sensation. I was also aware that my wife was endeavoring to conceal the fact that she was crying at my hi te. Before, however, I could timi words with which tn quiet ber, thu 'stranger, leaning across the table, whispered.'N .'. He is back again !" Down went my knife nnd fork with some- thing, I fancy, of a clatter, " Are you sure ?" " Look for yourself-and see." I sprang to my fcot I searched eagerly round tho room. M I rose the young fellow on my right nue .with me. ' - VSteady, old mani Don't you think you had better take lt easy and sit down ?" Ho was speaking to me as if I were n ehild. But at that moment I caught sight of the scoundrel, leaning with his back against the wall. "Look at him 1 Do you «ec his knife I I ask you, if such a fellow ought to bc allowed in tho dining room of a respectable hotel." ",Oertatnly not. But they will get lu sometimes, don't you know. Kow, sit down, do!" I The youngster was still talking to me as if I were a child. He even laid his hand upon my shoulder. Twisting myself free, I flied on him a glauco which caused bim to shrink a little back. " Be so good, sir, ns to remove your hand. If yon suppose that I am u person with whom you may take liberties you aro .nuder n sin- gular deludion.. I am a resident in this hotel, nnd, as such, I have a ri.rht to object ta tho presence of improper characters. That man there-I eau see you! it is no good your dodging behind the waiter I-has been an- noying me for a good time, ile bas been coming and going in u way which will end in making me quito ill. I intend to submit to it no louger. I insist on his removal." Many of tho diners hod risen from the table, and the room wns in confusion. An old Indy exclaimed, " What is the matter with the man? ls ho mud ?" Another old woman replied, speaking be* bind her hand, but I heard her, in spite of the precautions whiclrshe took to preven0 me: . " Brink, my dear !" Someone cried, " Mad as a March hare." I faced the speakers. "I regret thu atiy here should think it necessary t'i insulc rue. ? 1 expected, instead of insult, your support. Surely theru is none here who can Bay that such a man os that is a tit person to be amongst us." " llnymond," cried my wife, " come away with me. Ho come." " Wbnt is the u*e of that ? He is sure to follow me." " 1 shouldn't be surprised. They do do that at times." . This was from the youngster on my right. A waiter ndvanced. " CJouie t lill way, slr." " Pray why ?" "I think you'd better." Tho man's tone wns actually cajoling. " Do yon, indeed ! I think you had batter do your duty and reniovu time uuvi." . . '. What mnn, sir ? I don't kee uo man." *. Don't you sec'no tuan ? 1 allude to that mon Ulero-- with no bat on, uud with tho butcher's knife in bis band." . The watter shrank away. " I-I-don't know what you're talking of, I-I shouldn't think, sir, us you wu» well." Th'i mun wus too insignificant to bandy words with. " Bring mo the landlord," I demanded. " Hero is thu landlord aiming." He was. He advanced towards me up the room. " Landlord, you appear to harbor some very curious characters in'yonr botol. You see that man theru with thc butcher'.) knife? He hos been annoying mu for tho Inst hour and more. He has already tried to murder mu. Before he actually commits a crime I insist on his removal.".. " He shall bo removed nt once. You bad better come with mc. They will have moro difficulty in removing him while you are here." "Why should that bo? Am I not to ro- main because such a villain as that wishes to drlvo me out ?" "He's a very dangerous character. He's often bet c. Cunio ulong." " How doro you try to take my arm. Then, if he is often herc, the fact, should be widely known, and you should be prevented from re- ceiving respectable people as your guests,' Stand aside I Kcniove your hand I Sec, be's coming." ' I fancy th« landlord was a little taken by surprise by the way in which 1 whirled him round. ? . "There, ho'B ¡jot upon the table." . The Hcoundrel had. right among thc plates and dishes. .. fnie get nt him. I'll Boon put him off again, knifu or no knife." -, I began tu climb on tho tables, " Now, thou, look what he's doing. Catch hold of him, nome of you." I imagined that thu landlord's words referred to t ho scoundrel, who was playing his antics nmong the plitcs mid dishes, but. to my fiirprife, they referred lo mc. At lea-t, I presume BO, for, simul tinoousl », half n-dczen persons caught mc by thu shoulders. I thrust thcai from mo with nu effort of. strength of which I had not thnatrht. T was 'unable. At the Pump. Instant thc i man upon tho table, leaping over their heat«, landed on the floor. " Hero he ia ! Stund back !" I cried. They stood back, hurtling each other in a way which wa» almost comical. I addressed the individual who was the cause of all thc ' tumult. "Now, you scamp,' I will try conclusions with you. No one else seems disposed to do so, so I will take that olHee on myself. Out ' you go," . . I advanced to him. Ho did not Hinch. He raised his knifo threateningly in the air. But I did not care for that. Running in I caught him round the waist, I lifted him from his j feet.' He wound his arms about me. He was , strong, but I myself am uot a weakling. We struggled furiously. ¡.Finding that 1 could not throw him 1 slipped my right hand up. words and caught him with it by thu throat. In my rage I was half inclined to choke the life out of him, I could have done it. But, as I compressed my gra-p, without an in- : stint's warning be was gone,1 I was strug- gling with a phantom. Thero was nothing there. . "He is gone," I exclaimed, looking about to see if there were traces of him left. 1 -. " Quite time he was gone." This, I knew, : came from tho youth who had been sitting on my right. " If he had not gone I should." ' t* Now then, catch hold of him before ho has another attack. But don't use any more forco than you cnn help." .Incredible (bough it may seem, tho land- lord was urging on the waiters to attack mu. But beforo they could. realise the atrocity of their employer's requirements the stranger in- terposed. ." . " Excuso me, but I think that this is a case with which I had better deal. Will you kindly, for one moment, leave this gentle mau to mo! ' ' " Tliey had hotter," I declared. "You seem to be the only sane man here. Anybody would think that ia this hotel ru Ulan« with butchers' knives were not only allowed, but encouraged, to do exactly us they please." " Look mo in tho eyes." I did so, though I certainly did not know why. "Now then, Pronto! Bang." I don't know what he did,. ne did some- thing. It seemed.to me that be raised bis band and snapped his fingers in the air. Thnt same second something happened to mo, though I really don't know what. A great weight seemed lifted from mu ; my bruin seemed nil at onco to clear. It was as though I had escaped from the toils of some horrid nightmare, as though I hud awoke all at once from sleep. I looked nbout mo with awaken, lng eyes. I knew I had been nn actor in some sort of dreadful dream. There were the peoplo gathered round. There wns thc stranger standing just In front of me. He bad a slight smile upon his lips. He thrust his hand into thc breast pocket of his cont. " Ladies and gentlemen, allow mc to intro- duce myself." He produced a folded paper. Unfolding it, ho held it up before their eyes. It was a placard, printed in alternate lines of black and red. " Signor Srgundl, tho world-renowned pre- stidigitateur, begs to announce that he will give his celebrated entertainment." It ran in some Buch fashion. It was an ad- vertisement of an entertainment of "magic and mystery " to bo given nt tho Assembly Rooms that very night. The stranger placed his hand against his breast and bowed. " Ladies and gentlemen, I nm Signor Scgundi, wholly nt your service. It has occurred to mo that I might vary my little programme with tho addition of some Blight novelty. Hypnotism, os you are aware, is, as they put it, all the rage. Was lt not possible to give my programme a scientific turn ? Unfortu- nately, I nm no hypnotist. With tho best in- ten tiona in the world I have only been able to perform a few experiments upon my wife. In these matters an artist's wife is regarded with suspicion by the public eyes. About an hour ago I entered the room upstairs. I found this gentleman seated in it all alane. Something told mc that chance, that unknown quantity, bad nil nt once, BO to speak, thrown n subject nt my head. The true artist is he who grasos at opportunities. I grasped at mine, and, if* I may say so, for tho momeut was inspired. I told a Btory. about a ghost-a most mysterious ghost which I met upon tho rood to Goring. As I proceeded with my untrativc I found, to my astonishment, that the subject was being hypnotised before I was myself nware of it. We bad a most charming entertainment quite between ourselves «nd entirely in. piivate. Wo have had, ns you havu Been, un equally charming little entertainment of a mora publia kind. Ladles mid gentlemen, I 'nive to thank you for your kind attention to that portion of our programme which is now, concluded." The fellow bowed-and ceased. I gasped. Ho had made me a laughing stock-a live advertisement, Ho turned to me; " I have to tender yon my heartiest thanks, sir, for tho generous assistance you have ren- dered, nuil which lias made thu experiment cuiireiy bucceesful." ? I endeavored to restrain myself. '. I hope you will consider it equally suc- cessful by tbc timo I've finished." iHo would have done if they lind let mo got at him. But Oates mid ray wife and others intervened, 1 nm not u Bombastes Furioso. I am m.t, ns a rulo, a lighting man: But' it they hud allowed mo to get within the reach of that impostor hu should have bed IIB successful n live minutes' entertainment as he ever enjoyed. As it wns, they got him' out of thc room by ono door and ino out by another. " ItBcems to mo," I observed to my wife, when she nnd I were nlonc together, '. that if ono man ia allowed to play hnnky-pnnky with another man, not only atalnst his will but actually without h's knowledge, tho liberty of the subject promises to «row smaller by degrees ond beautifully less)" My wife agreed with me. "I thought you were marl," she fold. " I am mad. Bat I will make him madder beforo i've done." - ' " So I will. I intend to keep a keen look-out for Signor Segu adi's"" Celebrated Jinto-tain tnent." When I hear of itu being about to take pince, I maun to form one of tba audience and try on the signor a little experi- ment planned nnd carried out on lines of my own. I hope it will bo as successful as his was. ' : ?'. ? ? " "'? ';?;-.-?? ,?> -,.. 