the haunted MOUNTAINS:1: OR, COLONEL CODrS SEARCH. A. ROMANCE OF THE WEST. By COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM. Ilutor of "Te Mysterious Man in Blue ’’ Etc. CHAPTER LXIII.—THE NIGHT RIDE. The Hermit, whose life had been so ■ filled with romance, worry and sorrow, had told his long story with evident ef fort. He knew that he was seriously wounded, if not fatally, and wished to tell of his past and arrange for „ the future. \- ; J10 felt that he could trust the young man who led such a mysterious and weird life, for he seemed to read in his face that he possessed a true and noble nature. “I came to these mountains because I was told that the man’ I sought—road agent, outlaw, .and. all. that was bad_ had in. the end becomesa dweller- am on™ -**01^Indians, the foes of iris oW-’i-acfe ' Ibegan the search for him, and T came to one opinion after having patiently and untiringly followed his trail for . several years. “I could have'killed him scores of times, if he had had so many lives but my desire was to take him alive and force from him the secret of where my children were, if they were dead or alive, and then wreak my vengeance upon him. I have had to fight Indians, have met in deadly combat prowling outlaws, during my stay here, and all I have seen •convinces me that the man I seek dwells among the red-skins for a deeper pur pose than merely to be a renegade to his “I am convinced that he is a gold hunter—that he has doubtless struck it rich in finding the yellow metal in these mountains, and remains here to quietly work his mine. I feel that the stories of the Haunted Fort and of the Ghost of the Mountains are intended to frighten' off the red-skins, the settlers, and hun ters from this region, and he is the one that plays the bold game to gain his end so that he can secure gold enough,, remove it secretly, and then, seek an other land to dwell in. You are the Ghost—am I not right?” “In part, yes; but he has not.-found the gold he is searching for so earnestly, yet :is around us here.” .“Then he has missed it, and for once Fortune has smiled upon me, for, I have found gold, and plenty of it.” “You?” “Yes, and this is my secret; and I will tell you that should I die ere you return, I have a mission for you to perform—a duty that you must religiously carry ■out. There is gold here, and enough to make half a dozen men rich; and I be queath to you my secret, or the know ledge of how you are to discover it. You .are to share my legacy equally with two others—my children; but you are to find them, and tell them the story of my life. “Having found thme, share with them my legacy, and make known to my son the story I have told you, and let’ it be iiis duty to bring that man, Prince Ash ■ ton, to the gallows. If my boy is dead, then I bequeath the duty to my daugh .-.ter. “If she, too, is dead, then upon you falls the duty and the whole of the for-, tune; only you must swear to. me that ’Prince Ashton shall meet !jdst punish^, ment—that my poor wife, children, and myself shall be avenged.” “I swear it,” said the Ghost, most firmly;and then he quickly added: “But you will not die, for I will save you. You must live to see the man Ashton punished, and I tell you now I can bring one here who can save you—one who will come, I know;” and speaking with a startling earnestness, the Ghost busied, about the cabin making his preparations to depart. • “One moment,” called out the Hermit. The Ghost turned towards him, and he said: “If I am dead when you return, dig ‘deep , down into the sand at the bottom of the spring, and you will find there a small tin box. In it is a paper to tell you all I would have you know.” “You will tell me yourself, for you will live. How. I will be off, and I will return at the earliest moment possible. I have placed food and water so that you can reach them. Now, good-bye for the present;” and the Ghost was gone. He was soon mounted upon his match less horse, and going as fast as the snow covered ground would permit down the valley towards the plains. It was the trail towards Barrier Out post that he took.and when he drew near the fort it had come on to snow, and was growing dark. ■ Put he held steadily on, and yet as he neared the fort he drew rein, reconnoi tred carefully, and then taking from his pocket a letter he had written.and ad dressed at the Hermit’s cabin, he rode cautiously up to the stockade gate and stuck it thereon with the blade of a knife. Unseen by the sentinel he turned and rode away in the storm. 