By GEO. MANYILLEIEENIf, . "'Author of ''Blade Blood," "A Double Knot," "Eli's Children," "In the. King's Name," "Master of the Ceremonies," The Mynn Mystery," "Parson o\ Dumford," "A Mint of Money;" "A GoldenDraam," "The , Case .of Ailsa Gray," "-Cursed by a .Fortune." "The White ""Virgin," "A Secret Quest," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement .witli.the "Aathoc. . Albrights reserved.] Chapter XI»VIL—(Continued.) : , The distance across the paricseemed terrioje, Piccadilly to have no end and St. Jameaa street to be farther than ever. Bub at last her goal was reached and she stepped out of her carriage at the door of the quiet-looking chambers and was in the act of raising her hand to the bell in the lobby, where she stood beneath a bright incandescent light, when the door was suddenly opened by a gentleman about to step out hastily, so- hurriedly that they came in contact— "I beg your pardon, madam." "Captain Brendon—-Ah!" 1 The place swam round before Molly's-eyea. Already overstrung and tottering from an emotion which seemed greater than she could bear, she reeled and would have fallen but for t the two strong arms which caught her. Then all was blank, till she opened her eyes again to find herself in a well-lit room, lying upon a couch and with Brendon leaning over her, ' sprinkling her face with water. "My dear Miss Wyndhain," he cried, "are you better? Were you coining to see me5" "No, no! Sir Martin Jerdan? Where is he ? He is here, but ah ! at last! at last!" she cried, raising herself a little so that she could seize him by the hrea3t and cling to him. . Crash! The door gave way- from the j impetus of something hurled against it, and as ' Molly involuntarily averted her face Jerdan : sprang right at Brendon, forcing him back,, and Molly fell helpless to the floor. "At last! At last!" yelled JerdaJV-and ha thrust one hand into his breast. "No, no !" shrieked Molly, as she-struggled to her feet and tried to throw, herself between them. "Yes ! you cursed Jezebell^xoarecUerdan, " beforeT make you share- " . He stopped short and started back, hi* hands losing their grasp of Brendon's breast, ' while bis eye seemed to dilate and rolL 1 "Molly Wyndham !" he gasped. "Here !" j "Yes, yes," she cried wildly. "Can yon 1 not see? It was to find yon—Martin Jerdan, i my prayers are heard at last. : I have found her." "Found—her ?" he said'in.a-hollow tone. " Yes, as I said. Ah-! save him !" Brendon tried, bub too late. Ibwas-as if every faculty had suddenly given way and the wretched man fell with a heavy crash. . "Mad!" said Brendon softly a3 he lifted, him to the couch. Then, as a flash of light! illumined what had seemed a tangled piece of confusion, he cried out— "Why, he must have seen yon-come and thought, that " , , "Captain Brendon,"' moaned -Molly,! 4'for pity's sake, hush." Their eyes met across the prostrateman ; his, eager questioning, full of wonder, as he fully comprehended npw .the meaning of Jerdan's words and savage attack—- hers, shrinking, wandering, as 2 seeking to avoid his gaze, but ever drawn back by a power which she strove in vain to combat; till at last they met his fully in a long intent look, which awoke in him a knowledge that in spite of all there perhaps was a future before him that would make him forget the past—a woman whom he might win. Molly's eyes sank at. last-before his eager questioning gaze and their attention was taken up by a moan from the insensible man upon the couch ; and the next minute be struggled up into a sitting position, to look wildly from one to the other, as they drew back from him. There was a pitiful abject expressionin Jerdan's face as he faltered out— "Forgive me—I did not know. I-thought —I thought " . The moment before there was a soft-humid look in Molly's eyes and her whole being seemed subdued by the presence of him whose cause she had championed so long, yearned for in secret, and gloried in now that she fully possessed the knowledge that he was the true brave man to whom she had vowed herself in her heart. But now, as Jerdan spoke, her whole being seemed to change and a feeling of wonder and joy made Brendon gaze upon her with admiration for the beautiful imperious woman whose eyes flashed as she turned upon Jerdan and crushed his faltering words. . "Yes," she cried with a burst of indignant anger which made him raise his trembling hands imploringly, mutely'asking mercy. "Yes, you thought that the whole world was steeped in misery and sin. You,' who should have been the first to defend, turned every look and act into falsehood and shame. Oh, you could never have loved her to have believed this horror of the sweet suffering saint." " For heaven's sake have mercy!" hegroaned as he let his head sink upon his hands, but only for a moment. Then he was upon his feet, feverish with the wild .excitement which burned within his veins. "Woman, havesome pity—tell me, tell me all." "All? I cannot^" she said, with pity' softening her anger now; and she raised her hands to those_ which were held out to seize hers and her voice now sounded very low and sweet. "I was out this morning—in the carriage with Hector—he has been ill—I thought be would die and you were not to be found-; but now he is able to go out again, and we were returning when we passed a kind oi private omnibus with several pale, suffering looking women evidently being taken to-some institution and " x Molly broke down and burst into a fit oi hysterical weeping, which it was some minutes before she could master and continue. "I cannot help it," she said simply, and she gazed apologetically from one to the other. " The sight of their poor, suffering, woebegone faces thrilled me with a strange feeling, for it was plain 'to read their hopeless imbecile state and the cruel thought flashed through me that it would be better for them when the gentle hand of death beckoned them away—when— when Oh, oh! I cannot bear it," she wailed ; "it i3 too horrible to tnink of now." "Yes," she cried_ through her teeth as her face grew fixed in its intensity and she fought with and mastered her emotion; to continue in a low deep voice which thrilled Brendon to the core, "It was like this. We had. nearly passed when there was a—a—— Oh! I must speak—a piercing scream, and I turned to see that one of the women had started<up with her eyes wild and staring, her thin white hand3 . pressing back her hair, and it needed no words to tell me who it was, though her appealing ory was ringing through my brain, 'Molly! Molly! my child ! my child !'" r "Good God !" gasped Jerdan as he let fall the speaker's hands. ■ ' "How can I tell yon f' sobbed Molly. "I followed the carriage—miles—to the great building—they were very good to me—they told me—a hopeless case—from the workhouse. My poor Linda ! My sister in all hut blood. But she knew me—knew herchild—they could tell me no mora then, only that she was home less, friendless, known to none, and—and—at j. last they consented to my bringing her away— ' • home." - - Jerdan tried to apeak. JNo words would come, but Molly interpreted the question in his eyes. , . "Yes, she is there, insensible how.' I came • here to find you, Martin—to bringyoutoher side—and—oh, forgive me ! I cannot reproach yon now. Only speak—only tell me that I was right and that you believe me." She tottered^ again'and Brendon caught her in his arms, b'ut she mastered her weakness and drew hack, • Brendon: retaining one hand for a moment to raise it to his lips. , • " Come !".she said softly; and she laid her other hand in Jordan's. "'Come J Lhave been too long." . " She led the way towards the door, Jerdan trembling visibly the while, but he recovered himself as they, went out and turned to give Brendon a look full of agony and remorse. " I forgive you, Jerdan,". he" cried hoarsely, ' - and Molly turned on/the instant to- hold-out her hands to him, ' i Then the door closed upon them,.and, look- j ing dazed and strange, Brendon picked up the , broken lock, gazed at it, and threw it upon the 1 couch with a wild light of exultation making his eyes flash as he gazed at the spot/where Mlolly had last stood, seeing her still.' At last he turned slowly away, with the feeling grow ing within him that "an angel had visited hi3. room and passed away. "No," he said softly j then, with a look of veneration deepening in his eyes, . " only a woman, but a woman worth winning, and-—^-" His exultant eyes caught the reflection of his shaven and shorn head in the mirror, and theii light died out as his white smooth face grew convulsed with self-contempt and horror. Then a bitter peal of derisive laughter rang through the room. v - : . "No," he said. "Impossible now. ..Hadid - his work too well." A tapping at the door arousad him and the servant at the chambers entered andglanced at the broken look. _ v ■ "Never mind that," said Brendon hastily j only see that it is repaired, I'll pay." "Certainly, sir," said the servant, looking : curiously: at Brandon's" .altered: appearanoe. "There's a man wants to see you, sir." "A man to see me ?" said Brendon bus ■piciously and feeling a shrinking sensation which he overcame at once. "You can show him in." \ ' -■ ; , - The servant retired and .ushered " in the : visitor in the person of Darkina. . , , "You !" said Brendon• sharply, "I ex, peoted you before." "I meant to be here.bafore,•sir^boktbongh^ I'd ^ve^jout^-hit^fial«p^BitU^)^gw\ ■ that-dose you had-of smoke. . All right again, »ir 1 .v"iYesy, pretty well," said Brendon harshly. **But what do you mean by dose of smoke ?»' '\Vhy,. don't you know, sir? I gave you one of the doctor's cigar3 by mistake. I took ' one of - his sort that he gives to queer cus \- tomers. Sends'em off fast asleep. Sir Martin. : ; had one once. . Nice job I had to get you into 1 » cab and then , to the end of this street; and > when I did we were too soon to get in, and I . couldn't find no latchkey in > your pockets, so I .. v had- to wait' till the people were about, and \- > they was as near saying you shouldn't come in • ■ as couldBe. I'got over them' though by tell \- .ing theni you'd: been bad with fever and . breaking your leg, and got' you tucked up . comfortable in bed before I went. Feel'all :: right mow, sir?" : ■ i "Nasty sick headache, my man. I could not make it out when I woke, for I must have i lost my ,senses all at once." - , ; . ''That you just did, sir, and a pretty while I had to wait till I got a cab; expecting every moment to see old Sam Burls cominground the corner too." ; " Pah ! _ Don't talk about it. ' man," said . • Brendon with a look of disgust. "Well, I .esuppose you'd like your fee?" : • Darkins grinned. \- "If it's all the same to you, sir, I've been / reckoning on that.-• But one moment, sir. Is it all safe now ?" "Safe I"; _ - ' •; "I mean. for yon, sir. I came here soon. :: after dark and' I'd'just turned into the street 'when my. heart jumps into my mouth, for I . • half thought I'd seen a ghost, it was so un •, ^ expected.- vHansom/comes up with Sir Martin ' :- Jerdan inside.-; Jumps'out and pays'his fare ..- ■ and "comes in here with his latchkey, quite at ./home." '• '• - " - " Ah !" exclaimed Brendon, looking at the \- man wonderirigly. ' '■ ' , ;. v , "Well, ■ sir, I: was nonplushed for.a bit., •'There goes my. five' hundred quid bang,-' I ■ . «ay8..'/ 'He's got to know and come to hail him again; But you ain't going to stand that, Ephrum'-Darkins,' 'I. says, 'are you?' No,' . ■ .saysH, andT slipped back, picked up a bobby who'was off duty out' Swallow-street way, . tells him 1 think there's going to_ be an • assault on a 'gent I know and promises him ■half'a sov. if he'd^come and help me protect you." / ■ ' /. . • .' "-You did that?" cried Brendon excitedly. ."Of course ! did, captain. _I wasn't going • to be robbed of-my hard earnings 'and have • you -took away> again. • Not me. If it had come .to.the worst I'd ha! made it five pounds 'beforeyou-shbuld ha' been took. He's waiting across the way there now." \- -Brendoii looked at the man with admira . V .tiom ' ' "If you-think it's all right now, sir, 'I may as well' send him away, for I see Sir Martin • go, off with that young lady who came in her broom:"-" "Then-you have been watching, all the time?" " That's so, sir. Shall I send him away!" "Oh,'yes,- there-is no danger now. The ■ -trouble-is all at an end." •"■Then if you'd kindly lend me half a sov'rin, sir. I'll send him off." \ Brendon's hand went into his pocket and be • brought out a sovereign. '/Give him that, my \- man ; land it isn't a loan." Darkins'face grewquite agreeable of aspect las'hfewent out;-and at the end of 'five minutes; he was back, .his face flushing with satisfaction ..'.as'heicaught sight of writing materials and a cheque book lying on the table. . ' r ■ "Bit disappointed, sir/for he thought there was going to be a case on ; but twice as . much ■ as he/bargained: for made him go off'grin . . ning.-" • ' -Humph !" said Brendon grimly, as he tore a "cheque, freshly: written, out of tho book. "N6w*you can do the same and I hope I . shall never see your face again.' ."Same to you, sir," said the man, "and thankye.", . ' He held-the cheque to the light and looked it over carefully. •• . "Beesmitli and Grainger's, Charing Cross. Any time after 10 o'clock to- morrow morning. Sign your name on the back before you pre sent it." \ The man hesitated. * " What's the matter?" "Mightn't putting my name to it get me into trouble with the doctor, sir?" "Give me the cheque," said Brendon, and he wrote over the words,, "Or Order"—"Pay bearer.. L.B." . "Hah ! It's a good pull," said Brendon, as soon as he was alone. "But it's worth it. Here ends an eventful chapter in my life. Now.-what is the future to bring forth V - ■ • . (To be continued, j 