MB. REID ON MANY THINGS. Those who were present last night In the Temperance Hall enjoyed a first-class per formance. Mr. Reid has not succeeded, as yet. In becoming a first-class statesman, but be has succeeded In becoming a first-class entertainer. He has a glib tongue, a ready brain, a paradoxical wit; und a comical ap pearance. In going to hear him one is al ways quite sure of a striking couple of hours. It is not every politician who can do thtB every time he gets on a platform. But then every politician does not carry such ap propriate armour as Mr. Reid carries. H's harangues, with their bold claims, their thrusts, and their promises for the future, re mind one of the earliest navigator of whom the ancient poet paid that he must have been armed with triple brass. In this respect there was about Mr. Reid last night a certain consistency; "rare and radiant;" rare, Inas much as it was almost the first time In his public life that he has ever done anything consistent; radiant, Inasmuch as it was rattllngly amusing, like everything else Mr. Reid does. The consistency consisted in this, -that for the' exercise ot; his triple brass Mr. Held' divided his sub ject : Into three distinct main divisions. Of these the first was, with another touch of consistency, personal. How he did rage un.l scorch and blast among his enemies dur ing (that electrical performance! But great as the effort was, It fell short of its object. It was Intended, as all brilliant rhetorical fc-ats of this order are intended, to prove by the negative process that in this vast world of . many wloked people there Is but one true man, and that man the speaker. Mr. Held thrashed out the whole subject of political deviations with more knowledge of thut slippery art than correctness of his stutements of fact, and he ended with a smart epigram obout conundrums and office which Is his own very life-picture. The re cognition by the audience did not diminish its enjoyment of the Joke. When Mr, Rehl reached federation, the second division of his remarkable speech, there was a falling off both in his humour and briskness. The atmosphere of that theatre .was sombre with memories. Its ground had not recovered the condition neosqsary for tola manoeuvres. We have heard Mr. Reid do considerably better on federation, from his own point of view, tbqn he dl< last night. Nevertheless he made a decided advance. This he perhaps felt not to be an advantage, and here probably the thought of the future Increased the damping effect of the mernp- rles of the past. For this advance must lead tq ap gxtreifiejy d|lfifiu|t ppsi-- tlon. By the advance Mr- Reid covered the railways apd t|ie debts, bringing then) within his scheme of federation. NoW| this proposal to take in the things left out by the Commonwealth EiH will necessitate a new Conventlqn, a, general beglnpjng agalp, in fact. |t is not a mere pltgratiop of a clause or two that Is proposed, but a radical change, traversing the conclusions of tlig three sltr tingn of the Conventlqn, That is ft dftPgP? whlqh may npt improbably destroy federation altogether. The proposal Mr. Reid th(nks will enable the Commonwealth to do wltlj a prgbuhip five-million tariff, instead of tbe seven million certainty, and rejected op 3rd June. But (he statement is high In air, with nothing but the empty atmosphere and Mr, Jleld's word, whloh Is the same thing, to sup port It. Moreover, Mr. Relfi thinks It neces= spry to provide a (safeguard about the State railways of the future. We have tried to understand his very' lucid description of his very complicated plan, But the pnly thing we can make of it is that It proposes to load the scheme to Its destruction by any Conven tion tbat may consider It, The future on his own local stage, wllich wae Mr. Reid's third division, is always bright for this "cheery optimist." It patu» rally restored him to his best fprm, Ope wave of his hand— a gesture of majestic pro phecy — showed ns a perfect administration- A eeoond pointed to a new Upper House, Im proved and reformed, The Upper House Is, to be sure, getting a trifle old. PoBslbly ft may die before Mr. Reid ever gets to reform ing It. Perhaps, when he does reform it, he will leave It with enough of Us old wickedness to grace future programmes of Reldlnn Intentions. "What we propose," said Mr. Reid— but beyond the fact that they are hoary with antiquity of promise, the words are of no practical Interest. Then there Is a Local Government BUI, which very nearly succeeded, only "Mr. Lyne wrecked it." Mr. . Reid ought to have thanked him for this pre serving of his "properties," and it requires no ghost to tell us that the bill will be ''wrecked" by somebody else, who In his turn will receive the thanks of denunciation. When he came to adult suffrage, Mr. Reid grew less bold. He committed half his Government, but lie wculd not commit himself "at that stage," But when he reached tbe unem ployed he reached also the climax of an au dacity at pnee fearful and wonderful. "There Is a class of unfortunates whose case deserves the Intervention of the Government. The finest specimens of our citizens are, by the sheer force of necessity, degraded lower and lower." No me need be told that at thu> stage Mr. Reid promised that "this Govern ment will do" something. It will try to remain in office. But the constituencies will not forget that the Government which changed the fiscal policy of the country, for the alleged object of making everybody Jolly and fat, have, through the Premier, confessed that after four years of power they have not yet discovered how to stop the course of de gradation into which "the finest specimens of our citizens have been thrown" by their po licy. On the whole then the great triple speech ot triple brass may be pronounced a triple failure. 