HYPNOTISM AND ITS POSSIBILITIES. On the continents of Europe and America medical science looks with a favorable eye on what It pleases the modern world to call. the new force. It certainly burst upon an astonished nublic with the discoveries of Mcsmer at the cud of tlie last century, and tlie astonishment merged into terror when Cagliostro got hold of it, and turned it into fraudulent money. The antiqua rians then came on the scone with their discovery that hypnotism was, if not as old as the eternal hills, at least, much older than the Pharaohs, aud Mesopotamia. They even asserted that it was hoary in the days of "Nebuchadnezzar, the King," and in the "sere and yellow" what time Nimrod was a "mighty hunter before the Lord." They may have asserted that the confusion of Babel, tlie sky-piercing, was produced through the agency of a hypnotist, who readied the summit under the disguise of a hod of bricks, suggesting to the workmen by the way other languages than those they got from their mothers. Of this there is uo evidence. But it is at least certain that hypnotism (produces its often mar vellous effects by suggestion. It bas oc curred to some people to wonder if Shakes peare was not a believer in hypnotism, lie certainly seems to have had a curiously deep acquaintance with the secrets ot na ture. It lias been maintained almost se riously that when lie made Puck declare his readiness to put a girdle round tho earth in forty minutes, lie foresaw the electric telegraph. Perhaps lie did, but inasmuch as the girdling time of the captured light ning is a good deal under forty minutes, Shakespeare must be adjudged uot to have gone far enough. As a dabbler in tho oc cult, lie comes out somewhat better. Look at his undoubted command of whole pro cessions of ghosts. Consider Oberon, Ti- tania, Ariel, Puck, and all that diverting company. Ponder his unseen characters. All these, it may be said, represent devious paths. But when lie comes to tlie leading feature of hypnotism, the great: master is direct and brief. For instance, when lie mentions somebody's idea of tho possibility of holding a fire in your hand by thinking of the "frosty Caucasus." He certainly scouled the idea. But it lias l>een carried out on a hundred public platforms by tlie professors of hypnotism of our day, who make their victims swallow kerosene and call It champagne, aud do many other tilings equally diverting and more objectionable. Aud tlie clairvoyants run them hard, locat ing pains and aches, and reading the num bers of baukuotcs and watches blindfold. What is all this but working by suggestion, one mind upon another? That is tlie key to the story of Dr. Kings bury, whose appearance before the Loudon Probate Court last July lias affected tlio world much as solar eclipses wore once thenglit to affect monarchs, perplexing them with fear of change; that is, with fear of something dreadful. Scientific men are fairly agreed that hypnotism proceeds by suggestion. We are all, one commentator remarked, creatures of suggestion. Even what is called the "bedside manner", of a successful medical practitioner is "a trick of suggestion," lie added, to reassure tlie man in the bed with the notion tlint the doctor thinks he is going to get well soon. Now, Dr. Kingsbury is one of tlie authori ties on hypnotism. Ills hypnotic doings were tlie talk of the Lancashire watering place, Blackpool, in which lie practised, and he is the author of a manual entitled "Tlio Practice of Hypnotic Suggestion." in due professional course, lie became the me dical adviser of a Mrs. Howard, an old lady worth some £90,000, wlio had quarrelled with her only surviving son. Mrs. Howard soon wanted to adopt her young doctor, because lie resembled a son of hers who bad died; paid him enormous foes; and made a will in his favor. Then there cunie a cool- ness; the doctor, who had declined to be adopted, further displeased the old lady by marrying without her approval. Relations bccomiug strained, she was beard to de clare that "those Irishmen" — tlie doctor was from Dublin city— "are nothing but froth and grab," aud made a now will passing him by. Relations were re-established in duo course, aud the doctor tried hypnotism to relievo pain. A fresh will was made, leaving him £30,000 to £10,000 as residuary legatee, and tlie instructions to the solicitor were iu the doctor's handwriting mostly. Charitable bequests from tho old lady to various insti tutions began to go through his hands, and iu one instance the particular institution interested complained of a delay of some months in transit. The old lady lent him a sum of £5000, and another sum of £10,000, not because ho was embarrassed, but: be cause bo wanted to speculate. lie had sltowu bis fitness for speculation by advising lier to a certain investment, wbicli laid doubled the money slio had put into it on his recommendation, viz.. £-1000. But. this cir cumstance did not, after ids patient's de mise, prevent the apostle of hypnotic sug gestion from having to contest tlio will in tlie Probate Court. That was, under the circumstances, only natural. This even though tho old lady's only surviving .child had grossly neglected her and insulted her for j'cars. A strong point was made by tlie opposing counsel in cross-examination. lie quoted from tlie doctor's manual a statement that in obstinate cases the doctor seldom tried the hypnotic influence more than four times and never more than six; and then ho bland ly asked why lie had made no loss than twenty-two attempts on tlie old lady. The doctor had said that they were all unsuc cessful, and as lie was corroborated by tlie witnesses who bad beeu present at some of the attempts, the jury believed liim. Moreover, Sir William Broadbent, senior physician at St. Mary's Hospital, and medi cal adviser to the Prince of Wales— he got his baronetcy after tlie recovery of the Duke of York— aud himself an authority on hyp notism, testified that the effects of hypno tism are fugitive. In additlou, Dr. Bern- hoiui, one of the leaders of tlie Nancy school of hypnotism, was quoted as limiting tlie effect of suggestion to a time very much less than required in this ease. Further more, the solicitor, who drew tlie first aud third wills testified to tlie complete sound ness of his client's mind, aud to her acute business powers. The suggestion of undue influence, defined by the judge, on prece dents quoted, as something that must be overwhelming and overshadowing, broke down, and tlio doctor got liis money, and walked out of court without a stain upon Ills character, as all tlie newspapers said. Nevertheless, the case shows what: might be attempted, and perhaps, successfully, by an unscrupulous practitioner. It bus drawn public attention to tlie undoubted power and the growing use of hypnotism by the faculty, following the example of Continen tal aud American practice. Science has not said its last word by any means on the subject. Clairvoyance and all that per tains to that department of hypnotism is still relegated to the charlatans. But the effects of the other department are well established. They are beneficial and other wise. Tlie hypnotic, sloop is used with splendid results in dipsomania, dyspepsia, hysteria, rheumatism, hypochondria, and sometimes in partial paralysis. It is often a cure l'or insomnia, aud as an anaesthetic it is frequently valuable. On the other hand, the power which hypnotism, to which SO per cent, of mankind are, according to the authorities of established reputation, amen able, places in unscrupulous bauds for evil is obvious. Moreover, tho after effects are, iu spite of tho best treatment, sometimes undesirable. An abnormal state eof artificial catalepsy, which may after 'many repetitions become permanent, is tlio de finition by a leading authority (Heidenhain) of the hypnotic sleep. Tlie time is ripe for legislation to confine the use of this power to the medical profession, aud control it by such rules as science may suggest. Within a reasonable time after the pass ing of the Address-in-Reply, pending which the Government would not be justified iu committing the country to anything the vacant Ministerial oliices have been filled. Mr. Yarney Parltcs takes tlie portfolio of Postmaster-General, which Mr. Cook ex changes for that of Minister for Minos aud Agriculture. Mr. Iloguc succeeds Mr. Gar rard at the head of tho Education Depart ment, and Mr. Lee is appointed Minister for Justice. Out of the many eligible men available for tlie vacant positions the Min istry could scarcely have made better selec tions. All of them are staunch party men, as well as being politicians of ability and experience. In the election enmpaign Mr. I'arkes aud Mr. Hogue rendered brilliant service, tlio former by ills assistance to the Premier iu King Division, and the latter by defeating one of the strongest members of "the quartette" at the Globe. Mr. Lee also succeeded in holding tlie Government ground in a strong billite constituency, liis inclusion in the Cabinet as tlie representa tive of a border electorate where the sen timent is overwhelmingly Federal is strik ing evidence of tlie confidence which tlie Government have in the acceptability or their present policy to all who arc earnestly desirous of seeing the union of tile colo nies consummated. lu Mr. Parkes tlie Cabinet will gain a very strong practical element, together with considerable debating power. To tlie Education Department Mr. Hogue brings the advantage of a literary training, together with a large and exten sive knowledge of public affairs, gained during a long journalistic career. Like Mr. Parkes, both he and Mr. Lee are reliable men in debate, not afflicted with undue vo lubility, but possessing tlio combined facul ties of clear thought anil concise utterance. The gap made iu the ranks of the Ministry by tlie elections lias boon well filled, a fact upon which the party, both iu and out of Parliament, may be heartily congratulated. 