The Light that Oast no Shadow. , Curious stories .'uro told about tlio powers possessed by eertiiin natives 'of India, who livo up among tho Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, liuve devoted scores of years to the 'stiidy of ' natural laws and forces, wliioli tho rest of tho world knows nothiug about. Latoly a Gorman professor visitad the "adopts," as these queer Hindus are called, for tlio purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. Thoy treated liim rather sourvily, but inter ested liim nil tlie same. Ono day tlio pro- "foRSor wanted to cxtimino somo iinciont Sanskrit munusoWpts. An adopt went 'witli him to a cuvo wherein tho hooks wore kept. Tho place was dark as tho bottom of a well. " I can't boo to read liore, "..said tlio visitor. " Then wo ,will linvo somo light," . was tho reply, and immo'dintoly (tho professor snysV a soft, pearly light brightened tho cuvo. ?Ho could not toll wlicnco it ouino, but ho noticed that it hud ouo strange quality— if cast not the slightest shallow. , This is n Btory hard toboliovo, yet its truth is affirmed by a man .of vast learning nnd high oharuotor, and you who now road it liayo no reason for doubt oxoopt tliat all tlio lights tjott lmvo scon lmvo oast shadows. Belief or unboliof commonly . runs parallel with ono.'s own oxporienca. , Dr. Johnsoii snifTcd ut tho account of tho Lisbon earth quake, yet credited the tnlo of tho Cook Lano ghost. A nian who lias been ill for yonrs, nnd failed to find u euro, is scoptieal whon friends toll liim of a modioino wliioli tlioy beliovo will muko hiin well. Wlmt olso but doubt could result from his oxjiorienoo ? . Tako an oxinnplo: — " In tlio spring of , 1888," writes our corre spondent, "I- fell into a low, weak, and languid stato. I folt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my ' stomach ! was deranged, my uppotite poor, mid after eating I lnid puin and weight at tlio chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also hitter bile. Later on 1 suffered Irani nervousness nnd groat depression of spirits. I lcopt up with my work, but had always a souse of discomfort. Oil niid on I continued in this way for two' yours,' nothing that I took relieving mo. At last I hoard of Mother Soigol's Syrup, -and pro;, ouvod a supply. , Aftor I hud; taken, only li foiv doses I found roliof ; inj' food digested, and , gradually, "all norvoiisi)dss loft mo. Although I hud no reason at fjist to fool ituy oonfidonco in - tliis' modioino, n'ovcr having used it or scon it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its powor ovor . disoaso. Shioo my rocovory, for . wliioli I tlmnk . Mother Soigol's Ourativo Syrup, I lmvo boon in tho host of health und spirits. In tho interests of sulforirig Immunity I doom it a duty to, sond you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outftttor, 181 Hookioy Hill, Bir- mlnglumi, Juno 8, 1893." \ ' ' i ,V. Tlioro is.a deal' of difforonoo ,-botweon 'Mr. Griffith's candid lottcr, und , tho. story about tho light tlmt ..oast no shadow. . The -'latter may bo true ono'ugh, but it oqiinot bo verified without more trnublo' than it is worth. , On tho otlinr hand wo liiivo a trustworthy wifc- iioss, wlio' will' answer lottors of' iuquiry, and ' can ho found at his address; ' ' ; . Finally, there is, nothing.mystio or magionl about Mother .Soigol's .Ourativo Syrup. It ' nots off tlio' theory that most nilmonts - are but symptoms, forms, or phiisos . of v that universal disoaso— indigestion: and dyspepsia ; it.'ouros that, and throws tho' light of health ond'lmppinoss' ovor lioarths iindlibmos where illness und puin': had east sueh dark mid terrifying, shadows. . And that is why peoplo beliovo nil tliatis told of its suacoss by eager .witnesses. , < ' 