MABTIN CASH. — OR tBE — Outlaw of lable Mount• PART XVI. Con'inucd trom third page. “I intend to stop horn a couple of days, Apeley,” ho began, '• and in the mcautimo I’ll take care of your firearms. Lot mo have OTory weapon oi the sort in the house, and I can promise yon will not bo molostod. There mast be n« treachery. If thero is, yoa know what ..will result.”. Tho farmer spoke to ono oE the Eton, telling him to ,show tho outlaw where tho arnis wore kopljjand in ten minutes tho chief had them all secured in a cornor of the large room. Those which were loaded ho drow. tha charges from, and tliofaono, bo proceeded to do full justice to the excellent repssl set before jSvhim, , ... Them was plenty of strong drink placed on tho table, but tho outlaws were not foolish enoogh to indulgo too freely in it. In fact, sobrioty was one of the main factors attending thosnccossof Cash’s gang. It was now rapidly drawing on to wards evening, and the brishrnngora consulted as to the best method of spending the night. They decided to got what rest was possible nnder tho circnmstauces, and for that purpose Cash told the servants that thoy could ,• retire to rest at tho nsnal time,.bnt the ' men mast sleep in the kitchon and the women in thoir own quarters. By this nrrangoment two of the convicts wonld be able to sloop while the other one mountod guard over tho unarmed em ployees. This snitod tho latter well enough, and, troth to say, when they found there was no danger of brntnl troatment from j the outlaws they rather enjoyed the diversion. It really meant relaxation to • them at tho oxponse of tho master, for while tho bushrangers remained no work ] would be done. In addition they wonld eat and drink of the best, and altogether their lot would be mnoh better than nnder the ordinary routine of life. Tho only person who looked particu larly gloomy, and indeed vengefol, wan old Apsloy. For the first time in 30 years the farm had been successfully raided and his trnety dogs destroyed without him having a chance to fire a shot. Still a look of hope Bomeiimea flitted across his faco ns he sat moodily before the spacious fireplace. CaBh noticed his dejection, and said : —“ This is the first limo, I believe, ■ Apsley, yon havo ever had to entertain bushrangers. I muet say you do it well, and wo will always think grate fully of yon.” Tbs old man turned fiercely and ex claimed :—“Yon may never got a chnnco to be gra'eful. You’vo come to ApBley Farm, bnt you haven’t got nwny yet. Don’t make too snre of anything in this place 1 ” The outlaws only langhed at tho old man’s obugrin end ceased to torment him. Cash was chivalrous enough to seo bis great age should at least protect him from insalt; A couple of hoars later silence and sleep was ordered, and soon the inmates of Apsley Farm wero ‘either slumbering or trying to do so. Each outlaw took a tarn on guard and the night passed without incident. Cash was in no hurry to leavo his .comfortable quarters, and decided to remain another night on the farm, as he had staled. The convicts did not fear pursuit, for. several days longer, and their disposition was to tempt attack rather sthan run away from it. Indeed, the throe: men .intonded to have a short life —for they looked upon that as inevit able—rand >o mako it as merry a* pos sible, They did not care to live like beasts honied from one cover to another and suffering privations and dangers. Daring the day the outlaws held high rorel. Those of the servants who could sing o'r.dnnce wore compelled to do so,, thoogb the compulsion was not of a severe nature. Apsloy, of course, was not asked to take part in this on account .of his age, bnt a careful watch was kept on him. . . . v'.'. The old man spent tho time wander ing wound, and often going to the front door, he wonld ^ase long and earnestly in the .direction .where Gatlnnds lays as if he hoped for aucoonr from that quarter. Ho had board of the desperate char acter of Cash; and his comrades, and know, they wero quite .ready to fight a ; 'company of soldiers, as they had done, and that fact occasioned Apeley note little uneasiness. As evening drew on the same pre parations as were made od the previous night wero carried out. During .the-day the outlaws had possessed themselves of all the raouey which was in place. This rtnonnfod to £64. They bed also se cured the most valnable .of the firearms and additional ammunition. A bullet would wos also taken, their own having. been lost. . ' . \ Cash decided to take the first watch himself, and this began shortly after nine oiolock—early to bad and early to rise boing a maxim practised* in Van Pieman’s land, in those days by the settlers. The large room .where the employees wero kept captire waa, ,M already stated, a wing of the homestead, and from its door a good view could be obtained around. Before ten o’clock the whole house hold was apparently asleep, ani the .7 guard passed most of bis time walking to end fro just onlaido the room and in front of the house, taking .an occasional look.jnto the apartment to see that ell was well. It wae while thus engaged, shortly .after tun o'clock, that the 'silence of the iiightj^which fas almost oppressive in : ;iti intyntdiyi ^/(wddiitil/.htpkon'by'tba ' ' deep baying.o/ s',deg close at hand. Tits •’ sound appeared to. come from the rich* . nity of tbo demolished kennele, and the ■'7 grim warning, did cot fall onhwdsti 00 the watt «a» 9f Going into the room, be called up Jones. Karanagh was already tilting up, the sound having awakened him, and old Apsiey was also Tory wide awake and Onot able to conceal bia agitation, though the outlaws did not notice it, being otherwiie engaged. “There ia something the matter, Jonea, We oonld not hare killed all the doga. There ia one oatside now, unless"—and Cash langhed, queerly— “ it ia a ghost of one of the brutes we killed." “ Dog* !" repeated Jones, jumping up. “Then tliore is aoraething wrong,"— and he seized his weapons—" Young Apaleymnat hare returned, and we’ll have to bo careful." The thrco men were now very wide awake and folly armed—indeed, almoal overarmed. Each bad font pistols and two mueketa, bosides a sort of cutlass. Going to the door, they were apeodily convinced there was something wrong as the commotion at the late kennels was considerable. There must hare been sovoral.dog*, by the noise, and no doubt they had human comrades with The night was rory dark, and Cash expressed hia intention of going to the west aide of tho house to try and really aacertain what wac the matter. Jones j advised him not tu do so on account of the dogs, but the outlaw chief only laughed at his fears. Kavanngh remained at tho oatsido door, while Jones kept guard over those inside end rather anxiously' awaited tbe leader’s return. Cash quite knew the risk of discovery ho ran, but he loved danger and was eqoat to every emergency. ~fHe had just attained bis objective point when he instinctively felt some thing was near him. Both muskets were at full co«k and ready for use, but he could not see the fee ibongh he felt one was close to him. Ho was not kept long in aaspeose, for iu tbe dsrb noss a few feet away there suddenly gleamed a pair of fiery eyes, and the next instant, with a low, savage growl, a huge bloodhound (.prang upon tbe »ut He instantly fired, but the shot only slightly wounded the infuriated animal and the next moment it had made a ipting at bis throat. With a sweep of the arm the man kept it from that part, bat its fangs fastened into the fleshy part of his left forearm. Dropping the firearms, Cash drew tbe cutlass and began to slash tha brute. This was a wise act and pro bably saved his life. Using all his immense etrengtb, a few cute of the weapon—one of which half severed its body—laid it dying on the ground, and not a moment too soon. Ho had scarcely time to draw a pistol when an other honnd was upod him, bat this time his Bkot was lucky and laid it low. To Bb Continued. 