THE MILLlONAIRi'S BRIDE, COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE. Ay JOHN K. LEYS. ; " - ." fOOrtBlOHT. wdJL / T 18 uunecea- " £9 lUik " i Bary or me »T- 1 VlMfll ! to detail tlio "1 llu oironrastan - 11 am/nPtflSSIIll ces ul,dor llaliynVyWnW which I be- 1 TOi t ' /l) j (ffj came confi- mrJI dcntlalolork rtiiiriMJ milllk ' tant to my W/M 'd sehooIfo!" ( jt liM fjfh Vfj Stoyne, solidi- /Illllmtlllffl/'lZ Ill/Ill II tor- The fol- /lilllW(Irffl W-i ' IIIbII/J lowing is an Inilralll'w/t WfLJIvixI/J? account of a i JlnMBl'yjg'Hjw' remarkable q case which oo- aotnc time — ' one of the most remnrkulilo, I venture .to think, that was over brought to a solicitor's office. One morning, while Stoyno ,.wps from home, a curd wus brought to me bearing tho name : ALLAN F. CORBETT. I know that an American millionaire culled Corbett was then residing in London ; and it occurred to mo that this might be tho same man. It turned out that I was right. "Show him in," said I; and the noxt moment a young man not'yot thirty, with fair hair, a pleasant but rather weak face, and a dispirited air, entered the room. "When will Mr. Stoyne bo back?" was the first thing he said. " To- night or to-morrow morning," I re plied. . " Perhaps you would rather wait and see him." He hesitated, and I asked him to sit down. " Or, if you prefer to stnto your case to mo, \- I will report to him this evening," I added. "Perhaps that would bo best," he said, wearily resting his head upon his hand. "I feel as if I wanted to confide in somebody right away. I am sick of keoping tho affair to myself. It woighs on my mind." Of course I told him thut I was entirely at his service ; and ho proceeded— " Perhaps you may havo heard that I havo a large pile of dollars. My father left about ten million dollars, and most of them came to me when he died. I suppose that is tho reason tho scoundrels havo gone for me." " What scoundrels ?" "That's just what I want to find out. Every Monday morning for tho last six weeks I have received a threatening letter. Tkev were ull typewritten, posted in Loudon. I burned them as soon us I got them — all but tho last — and tried to forgot tlioin.. But I can't get the thing.out of my miud. The fuct . is, it's gotting on my nerves." "You liavo tho lust of these letters with you ?" " Here it is. The rest wore all to the same cilout." Ho produced a lottcr, written on an ordi nary sheet of typewriting paper, from his breast pocket, and handed it to ine. It ran as follows : — 'Sir, — I beg to inform you that a disaster, more awful and heartrending than you can easily imagine, is now about to fall on yon. There is but one way by which this calamity can bo averted. You must immediately remit to Now York tho stun of one hundred thou sand dollars (£20,000), and placo it to the credit of tho account of Thomas Sinclair, at Sullivan's Bank, in Ninety-seventh street. This offer will remain open for fourteen days, only. If before tho expiration of that tiino tho money is not forwarded, no power on earth can prevent the terrible misfnrtuno above predicted falling upon you ; lind to the end of your days you will regret- that yon refused to bo warned in time. — Your well- wisher, "A. Simmonds." "But since nothing has happened in spite of your disregard of tho previous warnings," said I, putting tho letter carefully into a drawer, " perhaps no harm is really meant." " I was given eight wcoks to hand over tho money" in," answored tho young man gloomily, " then soven, then six. Now, you see, tho time is reduced to two." " Can you think of any special reason why thut period should bo fixed ?" 'Unfortunately I cuu. I am to be married iu exactly two weeks' time." "Ah!" " Yes ; I um engaged to Miss Murebraoiit, a daughtor of the iato Oeuorul Sir Edward Muronmont, and. that brings mo to another point that may be woftli mentioning. Lady Marobmont lives utLucknow House, Wimble don. It is in a lonely situation ; and Lady Marchmont, who is of rather a timid disposi tion, has been alarmed by the report that doubtful looking characters have beou scon hanging ubout tho neighbourhood. Sho applied to tho police, and reueived a oivil note to say thut there seemed to ba no special cause for alarm, but thut the locul constables had been instructed to keep an oye on tho house, and warn nil tramps and su'spioious looking people off tho pretmses." This wus all Mr. Corbett lmd to tell ine ; and us there was no necessity for immediate action, I told our new client thut I would repeat his story to Mr. Steyno ns sunn as he came buck, und arrange for another inter view. Mr. Steyno returned that night ; and I at once placed before him a precis of the facts I huve here sot down, along with tho threaten ing letter. Steyno read them in silence. " Send a wire to Mr. Corbett. asking him to call utten to-morrow morning," was all lio suid when he had perused them. At ton uext day Mr. Corbett made Iris appearance, uccomunniod by Colonel March- moot, uu undo of tno bride elaat. He wus a tall, upright, fresh-coloured man, a soldier every inch of him ; und I guessed that he could be self-opinionated and obstinntc to a degree. " I am afraid, Mr. Corbatt." said Stoyne, plunging nt. onee into the business, " that yourd is by 110 means an Uncommon predica ment. Muny attempts are made to blackmail wealthy men. And it Heems to mo thut in these cuscs there arc only two courses open to tlio person uttuoked— pay up, or fight tho scoundrels to tho death." "Eight them ! " cried the colonel, twisting his long white moustadie. Corbett looked as if he were not exactly in a fighting humour. - ' ' It's not for myself that I mind, " ho began nervously clenving his throat, "though, of "course, I would nut kuow a moment's penoe, thinking of what those fellows might liavo it in thoir lieadB to do to mo. It's Emily— I mean Mies Murchmont— I'm thinking of. You rend, that iufcrnul police inspector's letter f" . " Yon," answered Steyne ; " hilt really I 'don't seo that Lady Marolimont lias any . particular ouuse for alarm.", "Thut's what I toll lior," put in the colonel, "But don't you think they may mean to sti-lko at mo through Miss Marolimont ?" pursued the young fellow, searching Stoyno's insorutublo fuco with engor eyes. " Tlioy apeak of liiy marriage— no ; but they mention fourteen days. That is what they moari. Tlioy know that I would part with every dollar I possess rather thun that Emily shoul'd como to hHrm." " Allan ! I ueo what yori are driving nt !" shouted tho colonel ; "und I toll you you will forfeit ovory atom of respect I have for you if you give in to tho demunds of . those rascals. And lot mu tell you this — the chances are that if thoy bleed you oneo they will bleed yon again, till thoy reach your bottom dollar, Is it not so, Mr. Stoyno ?" Stoyhe gravely assented. "Thonyou agree with me that it is best to defy them— throw their' outrageous letters into tho lire, und forgot it f" " I don't eny thut exactly," said my chiof, slowly. " I think that overy precaution should bo tBken to onsuro your safety, and Miss Murohmoiit's— though there seems to bo do ovidouce that she is speoiully aimed at. - I fear those rogues mean business; -und I will tell you why. I know this Sullivan of Now York, their banker, who is tp uut, pruoticully, as their fenco. Ho is ' one of the greatest rogues unhung. . But . tho 1 gang who are trying to blaokmail you must havo capitul, siueo tie is thoir cushicr. Hoop ' indoors, and donit go unattended, uud lot Miss Mtuchmout do the sum?." " But we can't keep up that all our lives !" criod Corbett, impatiently. "Don't you see that you uro condemning ns to live almost like tno Czar? Would it not bo possiblo to lay soma trap for thoso fellows, and catch them, and so get rid of thom ? ' I would givo a thousand pounds this moment to fool sure that I needn't foar them any mora. If any thing were to happen to Mies Marobmont I should go mad. Guu't something ba done, Mr. Stoyne?" "Not in tho way you moan. Thoy would answer no advertisement, you may be Bure ; iind you aco the money is to be sont to America. All you can do ia to be ready for them in case thoy try to carry out their threats. You carry a revolver?" "I have done so lately. But I.nmnet afraid for myself . How are wo to get Miss Marolimont to shut herself up as you'sug- cost ? I haven't told her of these threatening loiters, because sho is so high-spirited that she would merely laugh at them. Lady Murchmont, now " " My sister-iu-law : would die of fright, I do believe, if you were to tell her," put in the colonel. ; " I think Miss Marobmont ought to know thut yon have been threatened," suid Steyue. "If you like I will oall on her, and try to impress upon her my opinioh that the men who wrote thoso letters are not . using mere empty threats. . Perhaps I could persuado her to take at least some ordinnryprecautibns." " Thanks — I wish you would. But when we ere married we'shull be no bettor off than wo are now," said Corbott in a melancholy tone. " I wish to goodness thoy would attnok mo and do thoir best to murdor me. It would be suoh ti roliof to know that they had done their worst." Ho wrote a lino on his card to introduce Steyno to his betrothed, and then the millionaire and his friend departed. It ho happoned thiit my employer was pre vented from . going to Wimbledon that afternoon and I was despatched in his stead. I found Miss Marchmont and her sisters three charming and sensible girls. Their mother was an invalid, and was for the most part confined to her own room. The house -stood in a solitary purt of the country ; and it was not well protected, tho household consisting of women servants and a page hoy. I told the three young ladies that Mr. Corbett had received a threatening letter — I did not say lie had reoeived six— and was greatly, perhaps unduly, alarmed, being under an apprehension that danger threatened his brido ; and I suggested that to onsuro his ponco of mind thoy should hire a manservant, and that in particular slut should never go out alone; Miss Emily fell in with my sug gestions at once. I could seo that she under stood and appreciated her lover's anxiety on lier account, and that, like liim, her thoughts wore more in the future than iu the present — that she dreaded more tho effect of a scries of threats, kept up perhaps for years, upon hor betrothed, than any actual danger in the present. Our conversation did not lost very long, and'I wns going downstairs on my way out whou I met, to my amnzemont, on tho stairs, the lady from whom I had just parted, Emily Marolimont' herself. Eor a moment a super stitious dread mastered me. I stood stock still, gazing nt tho apparition — as it seomod to mo— drawing slowly nonrer. Then I saw my mistake. Tho girl was not Emily March mont. Close at. hand tho likeness was not so striking, but at the distance of a few feet it was positively startling. Tho girl's height, curriugc, poise and slinpo of the head and wist of features sbemod absolutely identical with those of Miss Marohinunt. Ere I reached tho front door an idea struck me. I turned on my licel and slowly went hack to tho drawing-room. " Pardon me," I seid on re- entering the room, ' bnt I met just now an the stairs a girl who bears a singular resemblance to yon, Miss Emily." " Isn't it odd ? " cried the youngest Miss Marchmont. " Evcryono notices it." " But wlio is it ? " " Only our maid, Forbes. Wo oame across her once when we were slaying at an hotel in Scarborough, and engaged her because of her likeness to Emily, in order that we might got her to play iu some private theatricals we had on view where the point of tho play _wos a mistaken identity. It auccoeded splendidly. Everybody in the room thought that Eorbes was Emily ; uud in the middle of her noting the real "Emily came in and confronted her. Tho people stared as if they had seen a ghost ; and the applause was quite deafening." "Don't chatter so, Dorothy," said her eldest sister ; and she turned on mo u look which seemed to ask mo for an explanation of my conduct in returning. "It has just occurred to me," said I, "that possibly we may be able to make use of this accidental resemblance. Your great wish," turning to Emily, "is to do some thing which would put a filial stop to this annoyance. Now it is my belief, and Mr. Corbott's ns well, that the rascals who wroto the threatening letter mean to striko him, if thoy strike at all, through you. And by fur the most likely plan for them to adopt w.;.uld bo for thein to try to nbduot you, and hold .you to ransom. Pray do not misunderstand mo," I added hastily, for a scared look cams into Miss Emily's face. "I do not for one moment suppuso that they will make the attempt, much less do I imagine that thoy could ancaeod in carrying out any such crime. But if they havo any serious plans underlying their threats, we may bo pretty sure that i-hoy tnke the form of curry ing you off by forco or fraud, and holding yon to ransom. Tlioy demand twenty thou sand nouiids now of Mr. Corbett. Eor that sum tlioy will graciously consent to leave liim (and yiiu) alone. But if thoy really sue-, cooled in hiding you awuy it would not bo twenty thousand, but two hundred thousand tlicy would demand aa your ransom." " But, Mr. Farrar, are suoh things possible inn country liko ours?" nsked the eldest sister. " I hardly think the attempt would suc ceed," Baid I : "but it might certainly ho inado. One cannot; be always uu ono's guard, and tho police cannot be everywhere, us somo people seem to think they ought to be. Our aim is that if tho attempt is made to curry out these threats, tho bluckmailors should not get the money tlicy are scheming for, but get caught and sent, to penal servitude." " Exactly ! But how is that to he managed, Mr. Fnrrnr ?" ' "My suggestion is this— that from now until tlio eve of tho wedding Miss Emily should bp somewhere else — say, in London, while her innld should he lent to some 'friend in need of a" maid who lives a good way off. That wonld ho given outto tho world — to ser vants, postmen, friends, und acquaintances— every body, in short. But all tho timo the maid and miHtrcss would have cliutigod places. The very eyes of tho conspirators would aid iu deceiving thom. If thny make any attempt at all it will bo against the muid Forbes, und you, Miss Emily, will escape altogether. Nor neod Forbes be under any apprehension as to her safety. Sho has only to satisfy hor captors that sho is the girl Forbos, und not the rich prize they hod hoped to. gain, and thoy will be forood- to release her, for. the simple reason that thoy must know that no ono would pay a large aum to ransom lier. And when sue returns to us tho mnid will bo able, if I um not very iniioh mistaken, to givo us such information us will lead to tho aap- ture of tho w'fiolo gung." The young ladles wore delighted with this plan ; but tho portion whose consent was really neoessiiry was -Forbes. She wus sent fori and I begun to oxpluin mnttors by saying that Mr. Corbett had received several threatening letters. At this , thai young womuu turned so pulo, and looked so alarmed, that I thought I might us woll givo up my scheme ' at ' onoo. Sho would never have courage, I thought, to carry tho tiling through. I went on with my explanations', howovar, und took cure to montlonj ' iu con clusion, that I folk certain that Mr. Corbott wpuld bo willing to promise her a very hand some' present in the evont' of the plan's suo- oooding. Upon this the young woman uskod if Ishe might hgvo a little timo to cousidor the matter, and, this being agreed to, I took my leave. -'Mr; Corbett Was delighted with my sohome i Wheal meutlouod it to him. The solo point ho objected to was that he should only be ablo to see his sweetheart once or twice, if at all, before .the wedding-day, whereas ho would be forced -to call, upon the sham Emily Marchmont overy, day,- so that, if his. movements were watched— as I had little donbt thoy were — the spies would ho convinced beyond a doubt that Forbes was in reality the millionaire's bride. . "When I proposed my soheme to Ludovio Steyno ho was not'enthusiastio about, it, He thought it was too fantastic, smuoked too muohof tho stage, to be practicable How- over, he offered no very deoided objection to it ; and the maid consented to play the part assigned to her after Corbett had promised to nay her fifty pounds if a fingor was Wd on her, and' two hundred pounds if tbo. con spirators wore arrested. - ' The details were left to tho Misses Marobmont, and thoy managed things a hundred times better than I could have dono. Miss Hadeley, an old governess of tho Marchmont girls, wns taken into the secret ; - and she readily consented to Toko rooms iti Bayswuter for herself and Eliza Forbos, who "passed as Miss Emily Marob mont. It was given out that Miss Emily had gono up to town to seo uftcr hor trousseau. It was also given out that Eliza - Forbes bad gono to stay ut Miss Bellinghaip's to help to mond and clean somo wonderful old lace which was to form one of the inarriage pre sents. This Miss Bellingliam was a great- aunt of the bride. She lived by horaolf in a small liouso near the Thames, not far from tho village of' Thames Wiokham— as retired a place of concealment (seeing that the boating Reason had not begun) as could possibly have been found. Sho had but two servants— ono u strong-minded, faithful oroature, who had been with her for forty years, and who wus necessarily mudo a participator in the secret; the other, a red-choolted country girl, who hud lutely como to tlio house, and who never doubted for a moment tlmt tho fine-loaking, dark-haired girl who sat all day in the mistress's room was Eliza. Forbes, the Misses Marchmont'smaid. Lady' Marchmont's own servants were kept in the dnrk. Thny simply know that Mis« Emily and Eliza Forbes were from home — thoy sup posed that they were both of them in London. Twioo a week Miss Bellingham's eldc-rly servant walked ovor to Thames TVickhum with Emily Marolimont, in timo to catch tho early morning train. Tho train took Miss Emily direct to Wimbledon; and there she alighted and took a pub home. This she did for lier mother's sake, but. the utmost earo und caution were observed, both in going and re turning. She wore, of course, clothes befit ting her supposed station in life. On the. other hand, the sham Emily. Marchmont came home frequently, and always in tho open day. A little inquiry showed that the tradesmen and neighbours habitually took her for hor mistress. Ill u word, tho trans migration wus thoroughly und urtisticully curried out. When one of the two weeks had gone by Corbett enme to sec us again. lio had recoivod another anonymous letter that morn ing. It was rather different from tho others in that, the writer assumed an air of contemp tuous insolence, as of a man who wus already muster of tlio situation. If Mr. Corbott ehoso to remit twenty thousand pounds by cable to New York within the next throe days, tho money would still bo ac cepted, and no further olaim would be made. But if not, lot Mr. Corbott look out for him self. He could not say that he had not been fairly warned. And more to the same' offcot. "The impudent blaoklogs !" cried the young American, ns he WAlkod in a stnto of exoitemont up and down my chief's consulting room. " Let them look out fpr thomselves, that's all. I havo this with me day nnd night " — ho showed us tho handle of a revolver sticking ont of his pocket— "and I've engaged ' a giant of a fellow to go about with mo. Thoy can't, touch rr.e ; and if tliey try any games on with Miss Marolimont they'll burn their fingers nicely, won't tlioy? " . " I havo no doubt tlioy will, Mr. Corbett," I returned,, seeing thut my ohiof was plunged in thought. " Miss Forbos seems nn intelli gent and spirited girl, and she has been fully instructed." If thoy presuma to lay a finger upon lier, they will find that they huve cuught a Tartar. " Thrco days later Corbett came again, and this timo ho was in a stnto of nervous agita tion for whioli I could not accoiiut. At last, it caiuo out that thut uftcrnoon. in passing along tho Strand, a big. broad-shouldered, red-haired man had thrust himself in Cor bott's way, laughed impudently in his fuco, nnd passed on. Tho incident was nothing in itself; hut I could see tlia- tlio young fellow was upset by it. Ho was convinced that the rcd-baircd man was one of Ills hidden enemies, already gloating over his victim ; and indeed it was a trying sitnatiou for a man to.bo in. Ho believed tliat his foes were only waiting an opportunity to spring upon liim, nnd yet lie could not tnke u single stop towards meeting thom, or warding off tlui attack. It was on the evening of the following day, just thrco days before the wedding — a dull, cold, misty night, more like Novomber than March. About linlf-pnst. seven at night Mr. Corbett came to Brussels square, his fuce radiant, beaming over with satisfaction. "We've got them!" lio cried. "That Miss Forbes is gone ! I'vo a telegram hero from Miss Madeley. Thoso rascals must havo nabbed hor on the way home to-night. I wonder how they managed it ! I ..suppose she muds no resistance. Ha ! ha ! Won't thoy ho mud when they fiud ont tlinir mis- tako? I. think I see their fnces when she saya 'Marchmont? That is not idy name. I nm Miss Forbes. -Miss Marchmont is my mistress;' Ha, ha, ha ! I say, Mr, Fnrrur, do you think we shall he able to put salt on their tails, eh P Can't I see Stoyno ? When will be be in ?" I was in the net of answering him when I heard Steyue's latohkey in tlio streot door. Ho oame in .;- bnt half a minute later I heard the door ban"; behind him. Ho had gono ont again. Corbett ran to ahont after him, hut- he was too late. Eight, nine,' ten o'olnok struck, and my chief did not return ; and still the yonng American waited, as patiently as he could. At last, about half-pnst ten, Steyno came in. I saw at onoe by his fuco that something had happened. When his'eyos fell on Corbott ho stopped. Bhort, and a. look of grave pity oame into his face. Then lie wulked up to the young man and took his hund. ' "Mr. Corbott, ''-ho said, " I am about to put your manhood to tho tost. 1 Atorriblo thing has happened." Corbett became white to tho lips, and yet I saw him mako an ' effort, to- pull himsolf together. Outwardly ho was calm, and he looked Stoyno struight'in the oye. . " Sho . is gono,"-. said -the yonng maii hoarsely, and I now saw thut he was shaking .from head to foot. , . . Steyne nodded gravely. Corbett made a rash for the door, hut the older man was the- stronger of the two, and easily held him hack. "What would you do?" said Steyne. " Tho last traiii for Thames Wicklium hus gone, nnd if you walk or drive, you will only fatigue yourself to no purpose. Everything that man can do, all that the organised police of the country bunked by your enormous wenlth oan do, has been done, or is being done ut this moment. Tuko my advice. Try to reinbmbcr thut it is not tho policy of tho kidnappers to . injure Miss Marchmont in any way. Sho will he restored to you very soon, I nm certain. Go home nnd try to get somo sloep, and if you want to see with your own eyos what is being done, come to . tho Holhora Town Hall ut oiglit o'clock to-morrow morning." Obeying u look from, my chief I put on my hot and wont home with Mr. Corbett. He was very quiet, and leunt on my prrn us if he had been recovering from a fever. Evory now and then a savage look would como into his fuoo, nnd his fingors, I could soe, wore grasping tho bundle of his revolver. Onco or twice a strong shudder passed through him, as I have seen it with nion who were siokening for some disease. " I had my donbts about this plan from the first," suid Stoyne to me, ns wo walked ovor to the Holborn Town Hull noxt morning ; " and I ought to havo seen tho significance of tho girl Forbes changing colour when you first told ' her of tho threatening letters. That was from no mere feeling of timidity. I havo no doubt that sho was in tho plot from the first ; and when vou begun to speak to hor of tho threatening letters she thought that she had been found but." "Havo you any idea how Miss Marolimont was spirited away ?" I ventured to lisk. " I shall know in a few minutes," was the reply. . The largo room into which we wont, was filled with moh, employees, most of them, of various detective offices. Euoh ono had had a map and a sot of printed instructions given him— Steyno had provided for nil this during his three lionrs' absence the night before. Suddenly Steyue's clear voice rang through the room. "Now, lads," he cried, "yon have your work before yon. The lady wo are seeking left Wimbledon for Thames Wiokham at 7.23 lust niglit. . ,;I find that tho return linlf of a first-class ticket from Thameg, Wickhnm was given up at Hunworth, the" station just i before : nnd .1 think it likely, thoreforo, . that she left the train there and was induced to enter a carriage— u fly, as they eall it — whioh met the train. Wo want to find that fly. Understand there is a gratuity of five pounds per man for the job. Ono hundred pounds will be paid for any nows of tlio ludy after ahe left Wimbledon, nnd ono thousand pounds if such information leude to oiir. finding her.. A subdued ohoor followed these words. Corbatt, who hud been standing beside the speaker, turned his pale, haggard faco to Stoyne, and caught liim by tho arm. " Seo here," lie whispered. " This came by tills morning's post." v "It was another typewritten letter. " Tho blow has fullon. Fifty thousand Sounds, or securities to thut amount, must bo opositcd iu Sullivan's Bunk,, us boforo explained. When thut is done Miss M. will be restored to lier friends unliurmod. . If the money (or securities) is not deposited, sho will never" be seen again alive." - So run this villainous lettor. \- .i'linnst send it." said Corbatt, his voice hourse with emotion. " Givo me two days ! " oried Steyne) " Think what you are doing if you yield to these men's domunds. They will at once tall their coinpimimis, nnd other rich mauls wives or daughters will be abduotod. The crime will spread ; and who can tell what, tho conse quences may bo? No harm will come to Miss Murohmont to-day. That is certain. Give me to-day. Every inn, every village, and farmhouse within driving distance of Hanworth will be visited to- day. Every rural policeman will be questioned. Nows is sure to come in before the evening. If not, you may advertise in tho morning papers that yon are willing to oomo to terms. That will give me a second day. ' Two dnyB are all I ask." . ' The American turned away.with a groan. Stoyne drew me aside. "Fdr heaven's sake," he whispered, " take him down to thut place, and koop him going about questioning folks. Ho will go mad u bo is not allowed to think he is dbing -some thing." \ - ' ; A dreary day that was for all of ns. I was told afterwards that many clues were re ported.' . Thoy were- promptly oxamined by trained men ! whom Stoyne had retained for tho purposo ; one and all turned out-worth- loss. On tbo afternoon of the second day, as Corbott ..and I wore driving from village to village, questioning evorvbody that enme in our way.Steyne joined lis. There whs a suppressed excitement about him that I well understood. "Don't you think," I suggested, "that Miss Marehmont may have .been carried off down tlie, rivor ?" ; ' Wo wore then driving slowly along a road that lay alose to tho north bank of tho stream, whioh spread -its sullen length -before us. Steyne was walking by the side of our dog cart. . \- "No," Said, my chief, sharply. "There are looks overy few miles. AH the lock- keepers havo been questioned. No ludy went down in an open boat, nor Has any launch with a cabin pnssod down yesterday, or the niglit boforo." \- As my chiof had done speaking, I noticed that his eye rested on- n. houseboat that lay moored near the opposite . hank, under the sholter of a group of willows. "Whose is that houseboat?" he asked. "It belongs to some oity man," said Cor bott, impationtly. " I don't think anyone has been near it since last season." - " Wo went on a fow paces. Then Steyne sa(; down by tho sido of the road, and wrote a note on the: leaf torn from his pocket-book. This he put intoaii envelope, which' he sealed. " Please drive to Woybridgo as fast as yon can," lie said to Corbett, " and give this note to tlio police superintendent there. You may jump down, Farrar, I may want you." In -less' than a minute -the dogcart had dis appeared. Stoyno and I went on till a clump of bushes hid the river from us.' " Farrar," ho said, in an excited whisper, " unless my eyes are not whut they were, I saw a ourtuin move on board that houseboat! Lot ns stay here and- watoh it. : I - have sent for a boat. It. will be horp by dusk." Wo sat downyind waited, tolring turns to watch tho houseboat. So tho hours passed till nightfall. The shadows were 'deepening when we ltcnrd tho sound of oars; presently a bout drew in to tho hank. Two men were rowing. Corbott und two polieembn were in tho storn sheets. Wo stepped in and pulled away for the lioiisoboat. " Before we reached it wo heard a noiso on board, ' and we could just mako out, in the darkness, a small boat with ' thrco men in lior, creeping ont from between the house boat and the river bank. " Givo way, men !". oried Corbett. " Ciirse tlio fools ! Why is thorn only one pair of oars?" The Bmall boat, with its iight freight, rapidly forged ahead. There was u sharp bend in the river just there; in another minute the boat would be out of sight. Suddonly a doufening scream' from a steam whistle burst on our- eaVs. A steam launch camo rushing down stream, and oroshed into tlio small boat. We heard cries from the water, UUfc before waoould reach tlio spot they bad loousod. Next day tho three bodies- wero redovertsd. Ono of tlicm Corbett -recognised us the big, rcd-luiirod man who had laughed in hia face on tho street. " ' In a tiny bedroom on hoard the honeohoat wo found Miss Marchmont, somewhat dazed from a dnso of opium whioh (we supposed) hud boen givori hcr in her. tea, but otherwise, perfectly well. With hor, to our. .ustouishr nient. vyas'Ell?.a Forbes ! The giri wus pre pared to go to prison ; . but sho had made her- self so nsoful to Emily Murahinont' during lier detention on the housoboat, that tho ludy positively refused to allow her to bo prose cuted. ' ' Miss Murchmont hnd hcon induced to leave tlio train ut Humvorth by a fnlse tologram whioii purported to como from Miss Belling- liam, sayiug that siispiuiouS persons had been hanging about the Thumps Wiokhiun 'station, iiiuj that she had bettor, therefore, alight at Hiimrbrtli, and drivo home. Tho' fly had been procured beforehand, and was driven by 0110 of tlie conspirators. It stopped opposite tho houseboat, where thp other two scoundrels were waiting for it. It, was a lonoly'purt of tlio country, tind Miss Marehmont wus with out ranch difficulty forood info h' boat und taken to the houseboat, where Forbea was waiting to receivo her. Two months' litter. Miss Marolimont, who had quito recovered from the shock of lior abduction, became Sirs. Allan' Corbott. , " ' 