BISHOP HARMER ON THE ' QUICUNQUE VULT.' EXTEACT FROM SEEMON PEEACHED IN St. PETER'S CATHEDRAL ON Trinity Sunday. I am led to this subject this morning because Trinity Sunday is one f of the days on which the Athanasian Creed is recited in public worship. Now, a moment's examination of this ci'eed shows that it consists of two. parts, united by certain clauses. There is, first, an explicit statement of the doctrine of the Trinity, and then an exposi tion of the Divine and human nature of our Blessed Lord. Thus the creed is like that window opposite, which contains two lights separated by the stone tracery, or, if you prefer the illustration, two pictures mounted in one frame. Now, those who object to the public recital of the Athanasian Creed may be divided into two classes — (1) those who take exception to any definite statement of God's attributes ; and (2) those who object to what are known as the monitory or damnatory clauses which form the framework of the creed. Though I oannot hope in the compass of a short sermon to satisfy these difficulties, I may, perhaps, be able to smooth away one or two perplexities which the- recitation of the creed without explanation raises in many minds. First, then, we will take the case of those who object to a definite statement of the nature and attributes of God. If religion is to be something more than ' a kindly feeling towards others, doing benefi cent acts and behaving with honour and integrity in our dealings' ; if, as we believe it to be, it has essentially a Godward aspect, and springs from the worship and adoration, the faith and belief in an invisible and omnipotent Being, surely we must learn to ' know Him in whom we have believed,' and must welcome reverently any revela tion of Himself which God has been pleased to make to us. '_' No man has seen God at any time ; the only-begotten Son, which is in the bosom of the Father, He hath declared Him.' Now, what is the nature of the declaration made in this creed? I will confine myself to the first portion of it, as particularly appropriate to Trinity Sun day. What is its message and distinctive teaching ? Surely this : * the doctrine of the Unity in Trinity, and the Trinity in Unity. With this statement it commences, and with it concludes : ' We worship one God in Trinity, and Trinity in Unity. So that in all things, as is aforesaid, the Unity in Trinity, and the Trinity in Unity, is to be worshipped.' Now the Apostles' Creed and the Nicene Creed, though they state clearly the doctrine of the Trinity (the three Persons), do not emphasise with equal clearness the doctrine of the Unity, though they contain it. The Athanasian Creed elaborates this doctrine with stately persis tence. It takes the attributes of God which we find in Holy Scripture, uncreated being, infinity, eternity, omnipotence, deity, lordship, and after each statement occurs the refrain, ' and yet not Three, but One.' Having dealt with what is common to all Three Persons, it then collects from Holy Scripture the attributes which distinguish the separate Persons. 'The Son is of the Father only, neither made nor created, but begotten. The Holy Ghost is of the Father and of the Son, neither made, nor created, nor begotten, but proceed ing.' These are statements which occur in the other ancient creeds, and ' can be proved by certain warrants of Holy Scripture.' Surely no one can object to the public recital of the faith, which as Christians we avow, collected for us from the Bible which we love, and mar shalled in this rhythmical and orderly fashion. I pass on to consider that larger body of objectors who take excep tion to what are known as the damnatory clauses. There is one damnatory clause embodied in the second creed, and one only. It runs as follows': — ' And they that have done good shall go into life everlasting, and they that have done evil into everlasting fire.' On this I make two observations — First, it is simply a statement of our Lord's own words (St. Matt. xxv. 46) at the close of His description of the last judgment. What those words may mean we cannot venture to explain ; we give them as we find them, leaving sinners to the infinite mercy of God. And, secondly, the condemnation does not here depend upon right theological belief, but on moral conduct. They that have done r/ood shall be rewarded ; they that have done evil shall be punished. But I suppose that the gist of the objections made against these clauses, as a class, is that they utter warnings, not against wrong conduct, but against wrong belief. ' You are condemning the heathen to eternal punishment.' I assert most strongly we do nothing of the sort. There is not a word here against the heathen ; nay, more, there is not a word against our noncon formist brethren. There are expressions in these clauses which convey to the English reader a meaning stronger than the original Latin warrants, and in consequence at the recent Lambeth Con ference a resolution was unanimously passed asking the Archbishop of Canterbury to take such steps as might be necessary for a translation of [the creed. Let me take these clauses one by one, and endeavour very briefly to explain them. With the single exception which I have already given, they belong not to the two creeds them selves, but to the setting or framework of the creeds. ' Whosoever will be saved' (Quicunque vult salvus esse). This is in part a mis translation, in part an archaism. It should be rendered, ' Whosoever desires to be in a state of salvation.' Salvation is a state which has its root in the past, its growth in the present, its final consummation hereafter. 'Before all things,' either 'first of all in time' or ' foremost of all in importance,' for the words may mean both. ' It is necessary that he hold the Catholic faith.' The expression ' hold the faith' makes it clear that only those are referred to in the creed to whom the faith has been committed. That faith is defined in the sentences that follow; and those to whom it has not been taught are outside the warnings which these clauses convey. ' Keep that which is committed to thy trust,' says St. Paul to Timothy ; and ' hold this,' you say to a child ; in both cases'something is given which has to be retained. At baptism the bap tismal creed was solemnly entrusted to the candidate (and is now in our baptismal office); the same idea is conveyed here. To Churchmen, and Churchmen only, does the creed refer. The true interpretation of the expression ' will be saved' requires the clause which comes between the two portions of the creeds to run as follows: 'Let .him, therefore, who desires to be in a state of salvation think thus of the Trinity,' the word 'must' being another mistranslation of the simple imperative (sentiat) ; while the final clause before the Gloria should run as follows: 'This is the Catholic Faith, which except a man believe faithfully and firmly (two words have dropped out here) he cannot be in a state of salvation.' Such, then, is the Athanasian Creed, round which so many contro versies have surged. Here, where happily our faith is not assailed by old world systems of intellectual heathendom, the precise distinctions H of this creed may to some minds appear unnecessary ; but where, as H in India and Borneo, Christianity has to hold her own to-day against H religions as old as herself, and subtle in their definitions, the ra Athanasian Creed is proved to be as invaluable now as in ancient 11 times. ' Why did you not teach us this before? Now I understand H what the doctrine of the Trinity is. Now I realise how Jesus Christ 11 was both God and man.' Such have again and again been the gj thankful exclamations of Christian converts when this confession of » their faith has been put into their hands. And if half-enlightened M heathen have been able to grasp the benefit of it, who will venture to JH assert that the ordinary English Churchman is not at least as capable |1 of apprehending its truth and its profundity ? M As regards the minatory clauses, let me conclude by quoting the m explanation put forth authoritatively by the Convocation of Canter || bury 20 years ago : — ' As Holy Scripture in divers places doth H promise life to them that believe, and declare the condemnation of M them that believe not, so doth the Church in this confession declare H the necessity for all who would be in a state of salvation of holding H fast the Catholic faith, and the great peril of rejecting the same. m Wherefore the warnings in this confession of faith are to be under II stood no otherwise than the like warnings of Holy Scripture ; for we [S must receive God's threatenings even as His promises, in such wise as h they are generally set forth in Holy Writ. (Moreover, the Church doth H not herein pronounce judgment on any particular person or persons, H God alone being the Judge of all.' m ?-? ? ?? = 