The Australian Novelist, DAYS OF CRIME AND YEARS OF SUFFERING Ax AuTOBIOGEirHT. (Reprinted from ''The Australasian" of 1867 hy Special Permission- CHAPTER X TJIB ItlTEIt IS BIT AND HE BITES AGAIN. Oil arriving at Maidstone I went to the Blilwny Inn, and remained there till the next morning. Not liking the house much, I removed in the course of the day to the Royal Hotel. As_ I til ways give the wot id a full account of my proceedings iy -lien I am doing others, it is only fair that I should be equally communicative IV 1 1 en l get done myself. I affected billiards, and fancied I could play well. There was a billiard-room in the hotel, ind to it I went on the evening after my si-rival there. There was present a riJher stylish-looking person, who intro duced himself to me in the course of the night. He told me he was an officer in the Royal Artilley, aud had recently invented bimie wonderful rocket, which he gave a very hard name to which I forget. He invited me to play ith him. f did so,1 and won £5 from him that night, promis ing to meet him there the next evening.' But I was not to be done in that manner. 1 knew it was a common practice among sharpers to allow the victim to win some thing at first, aud as 1 had some slight idea rhat the artillery gentleman's munitions of war were furnished chiefly by his wits, I was not going to be plucked so innocently as he imagined. I met him the next night, but declined playing, alleging as a reason that I had been suffer ing from a nervous attack all day. The officer seemed by no means disappointed, but entered into conversation in the most iff '-.gage manner, and finally proposed to introduce ine to a young lady to whom he was paying his addresses. I accompained him in a cab some two or three miles out of Maidstone, but where I know not, and we alighted at a little cottage, into the parlor of which we were immediately shown by the servant girl who opened the dour. Nobody was there. In a few minutes a young lady, certainly not more ' than seventeen, made Iier appearance. I : was introduced in the approved fashion — : ' 51, ss Nelson, Mr. HamOtoD, — Sir. : iianiil'.on, Miss Nelson." I I have never seen Miss Nelson since ; that evening, but I retain a most lively I recollection of her. She was good-lookino, j could sing charmingly, and had the most ; fascinating manner imaginable. Wine ' was introduced, and although I drank | only a couple of glasses, it had such an j effect upon me that I found it im- possible to keep my eyes open. Of the j after events of that night I can remember but little. The next morning I awoke I with a most splitting headache, and found ! myself in my own room in the Royal" I Hotel. I jumped out of my bed and j dressed myself, and on examining my ! pockets I found that I had been robbed of I all my money except a solitary £10 note, j which, being in a separate pocket, had cither escaped notice or been charitably left me by tbe thief. All thieves are dread ful bad losers. I was no exception to the rule, and I could have cried for very vexa tion. rang the bell, and asked the waiter how I cone home the previous night. He told in v that I was brought to the hotel about, one o'clock that morning ; that the v.uitlccian who catne with ine iu the cab <i l ;,.id finished two bottles of claret, onl was senselessly intoxicated ; that he and the gentleman had carried me upstairs, jiul that the gentleman gave him half a sovereign, telling him to undress me and get tnc into bed. Of course I saw in a .ii'iuicnt that it was a regular "diamond- ul -diamond " affair, and as talking would ! iy ot bring my money back, I said nothing i of my loss. I have seen the " military officer " since "jbcii. tVo worked together in chains in .lie satitc cart some fctv years ago, and I inly recognized liim by his telling the U"t v of the " young swell at Maidstone" :or the especial edification of myself aud .he other cart parties. Having been so completely cleaned out, .t bcle-vcd me to buckle to at once to re plenish my empty pockets, and as my "juds would not admit of any lengthy .ttcrsinc schemes, J was compelled to com- v.sncv- immediate operations. That very '-W, with the zeal of aDcient Strabo, I "it/tt e Vrc'f completely master of the geo- 'K'J "f the place, and before night I not only I. new how all the rooms were situated, but I, ,'i uiadomyself pretty well acquainted wit.ii the sort of people by whom they were tenanted. I know well enough that it iB tpi tc ouniunn for a well-dressed thief to , t.dcc apartments in an hotel and " barber " j ail i lie inmates ; in other words, togetup in the night, visit all the rooms, and steal j xs much as possible. This, ill technical language, is called "Dancing a lushing- d i inn " Philosophers define instinct as " knowledge prior to experience," and as I cui tainly at that time was wholly without cxDerietice in sucli matters, I must have been under the guidance of the instinctive facility. I didn't go to bed that night, but merely lay oiltside the bed reading. The book w is of a moral and religious charac ter. b it it failed to intiueuce me with its arguments. By one o'clock the house was silent, and oat I glided, like a ghost. 1 felt a little nervous en entering the first room ; but, despite the model sys tem, I have been remarkable for good nerves ou many a trying occasion, and on tliis first essay in the "dancing" lino I was soon as'coul as a cucumber. It would be dull work telling bowl searched the clothes, made my way to the drcssing- t.iblc, pocketed purses, watches, chains, gold p lis, and other articles that would psoduee " money, and money in anyway." 1 visited four rooms, aud then thought it t ime to return to my own. The next bedro iiii to that in which I slept was un occupied, aud with the pocket-handker chief of a commercial gentleman whom I' had somewhat extensively fleeced, I tied all the watches, purses, etc., together, entered the empty bedroom, and placed them s ifely out of sight on a ledge up the chimney, keeping out a few sovereigns for my immediate use. Having done this in a neat aud workmanlike manner, I retired to lied. At tight o'clock I jumped out of bed, slii(ied on my trousers, and then rang the bell violently. A waiter very soon ap peared. Tell the landlord I want him ; fetch the police, I have been robbed in the night. Twenty-three pounds aud a pro missory note for thirteen, my studs and uiy pocket-hook, all gone. Who could have done it?"' The waiter didn't let me go to the end of my sentence, for he ran to the lauding and called out, " Here's No 7 lias been served the same." Od came the landlord. Qc said he was sorry in the extreme ; he couldn't con ceive how the thing could have been done. No loss had ever been experienced in bis house before. He was sdny, very sony. The police had been stnt to inves tigate the matter, and he hoped they would succeed in tracing the robber. Four other gentlemen had been robbed ; aleo. The inspector of police came shortly afterwards, and looked into the rooms, and under the beds, as if he thought the thief might have taken a fancy to have a nap there, asked a variety of questions, took an inventory of the property lost, and then went away shaking his head and looking remarkably wise. I remained at the hotel a week, gratis, for as no funds had arrived for me I told the landlord I should be forced to leave my bill unsettled. Under the circum- ; stances the landlord of course could not reasonably demur, and at the week's end I left Maidstone, and proceeded by the : coach to Chatham. I I need scarcely observe that I had during the week removed the " goods and chattels " from the chimney ledge, and conveyed them to Chatham without any fear of consequences. Suspicion fell upon the " military gentleman," for although i not in the house on the night in question, | he was well acquainted with the premises, and his sudden disappearance was unac- i countable, otherwise than by connecting him with the robbery. Thus was my own safety secured, and I at the same time j " gratified a double grudge " — against the | world and against my particular antago- I nist. The money result of my night's foray amounted to some forty odd pounds — just sufficient to keep me going while I struck out some fresh scheme for victimis ing "the world. CHAPTER XI. A GLIMPSE OF BETTER THINGS. The second night I was at Chatham I visited the theatre. A Miss Lee was to make her appearance in the character of Juliet, and a very pretty representative of the house of Capulet she was. I re member well with what energy she vin dicated Romeo in the lines — " He was not born to shame: Dpon his brow shame is ashamed to sit ; For 'tis a throne where honor may be crowned Sole monarch of the universal earth 1" I confess that I felt a boyish passion spring up in my bosom for this young girl, and I sat up a great portion of the night com posing some complimentary verses to her. I called the next day on the manager of the theatre, and obtained the address of the actress. I forwarded the verses by post, intimating that I was but a mere youth, and should be glad personally to say to Miss Lee how greatly I had been charmed by her acting. I received a reply the next morning, thanking me for the verses, and contain ing an invitation to tea for the ensuing evening, which was a non-performing night. I purchased the handsomest copy of Shakespeare I could find in the town, and the next evening duly presented myself at Miss Lee's residence. I was received very kindly by the young lady's mother, who informed me that ber daughter Ellen would not be able to join us until seven o'clock, having been summoned unexpectedly by the manager of the theatre with the view of permanently engaging her. The mother was a perfect gentlewoman ; she told me that MiBS Lee had from childhood evin ced a remarkable enthusiasm for the stage, bnt that it was with much reluct ance she herself had consented to her daughter's embracing the theatrical pro fession as a means of livelihood. A little after seven EUen Lee came home, and she cordially thanked me for the were by far too complimentaiy. I pre' scnted her with the Shakespeare, and uttered some nonsense about recognizing in her a genius fit to breathe life into the beautiful creations of the poet's master mind. An intimacy sprang up between us— a true and innocent friendship, which 1 look back to at this moment with melan choly pleasure. EUen Lee was only an actress at a smaU provincial theatre, but she was beautiful, talented, and good. She gained upon my heart every day, and I soon had no secrets that were mine alone. She was my confessor, she was my adviser ; and she strove earnestly enough to be the good angel of my life, to save me from my own wayward erring self. I used very often to speak to her about the dangers attending her own pro fession, and 1 remember on one of these occasions, she replied in Ophelia's words — " I shall the effect ef this good lesson keep, As watchman to my heart ; bat, good to my brother, Do not, as some ungracious pastors do. Show me the steep and thorzy way to heaven, And miss tbe path thyself." The life of guilt is, indeed, a dark, sad life on which the sunshine of happiness can scarcely for a moment gleam in its unclouded brightness. The haunting memory of crime flings a deep shadow on our path when joy would fain surround us with its light ; and as flowers of gladness spring -up on our way they are at once blighted by the curse of guUt, which is ever present to the wicked as an interdict to happiness. Thus it was with myBelf. I might have been veiy happy in Hie society of Ellen Lee and her mother had I been but inno cent. Bat being the guUty thing I was, there was always present an invisible hand ! to dash from my lipB each cup of bliss I before I could sip its promised sweetness. And I am sure— let me _ write as lightly as I may — that thus it will ever be. There are phantoms ever on the path of crime which scare away the realities that offer happiness to the heart ! YeB; in those days EUen Lee would have made me happy, if my own sins had not made me wretched. She gave me a sister's love, and when the darkest of all days came, then came EUen to comfort and as sist. My life has been moat guilty ; but still I have sometimes knelt in prayer to God, and then I have prayed that He who loves the pure in heart would ever keep EUen Lee happy and good as when she first wandered with me through the Henti&h; woods near Chatham, listening to my praises, and believing me to be as innocent as herself. I passed at least four months at Chat- ; ham, and as I lived tolerably frugally, and, ' in EUen's soeiety, had no heart for any new wickedness, I committed no fresh crime, but made the money I had pro- i cured at Maidstone answer all, my pur poses. - - During the period of my intimacy with the Lees I had told EUen the story of my life, requestingher, however, notto divulge anything connected with my history to her mother. Ellen cried bitterly at the recital of my sufferings and my sins, aud ! implored me to let the past be the past, | and to commence life anew. I often bad , a desire to do this ; but then that past had , a power over me for ever. Neither _re- , pcniance nor amendment could give im- inunity for deeds committed. However, while my tnouey lasted, I did.no vio- lation to my feelings. I felt how much happier one could be following good than pursuing evil, and I refrained from obtain ing "money, and money in any way." But when I had only a pound or two left in my pocket, I was urged by the devil within me to renew my warfare upon the world. I bade EUen and her mother good bye, telling them that I hoped in a few weeks to have the pleasure of being with them again. I did see them more than once afterwards ; but the stoiy, as it ad vances, will relate where. I left Chatham with four pounds only remaining to begin business anew. The particular line of business I had not determined. I had some of the trinkets which I had stolen at Hie Maidstone Hotel by me still, and these I converted into cash. I went to Herne Bay, and on the second night of my arrival I " danced" the hotel where 1 was stopping to the tune of twenty-five pounds, a small amount, but sufficient to keep me in cash fur the time being. It was while staying at Herne Bay that I met with an advertisement in the London Times which had been inserted by my father. It merely stated that nothing had been heard of me since I went to sea, and that if I was still in England I was to write or go home immediately, the ad dress being given. I wrote a letter to my mother, telling her I could notconic home — that I had been a bad boy, that there was no home for me in the future ; that I should like to have a letter from her, which she could direct to my own name at the post office, Herne Bay. My mother accordingly wrote me a long eloquent letter ; she seemed as I read the letter, to be speaking to me again as she used to speak to me when I walked by her side when I was a child. But it was useless. The old deep earnest eloquence was there, but alas I the heart to which it was ad dressed was changed for ever. My mother implored me to return home ; she told mc they could send me to school again for a couple of years, as they were iu business and doing well ; aud she felt quite sure, she said, that I could have done nothing very bad, only some boyish wildncss which my own feelings exaggerated. In reply to this communication I wrote a more explicit letter, and sent my mother some verses. The letter, which was a very long one, I cannot remember. The verses have clung to my memory, so I give them : — Mother 1 darling mother, you are seeking me I know, And I feel thy love will follow through the world where'er I go ; But I cannot come, dear mother ; I am sadly altered now ; The once fair wreath of innocence that gar landed my brow Has faded ne'er to bloom again ; and from the things of yore — The fair, the good, the beautiful — I'm severed evermore. My onward way most be a path of darkness and of pain, But I must tread it all alone — I cannot come again. Of all the changes that have come.I know that this will be, I Where all the changes have been sad, the I saddest change to thee. I know how much thou'lt weep, mother, for | thy dear boy so lost. And 'tis the sorrow thou must feel that makes me sorrow most. I strove against this darker fate, I struggled, mother, long, I starved and suffered months, mother, ere I was linked to wrong ; And even now good angels plead to win me — bat in vainl Once fallen is for ever lost — 1 cannot come again. I'm severed from thee by my sin, but cannot say "forget," Thy love is such a hallowed thing, I ask it even yet ; But let it be a memory that images all fair The RlitM — til. .ptirtcJ Imn.t, In fnttfa knelt by thy chair. Think of me, mother, as I was, when joy lit up my brow And my yonng heart was innocent, bat not as I am now. Pray for me. This I know thon'it do ; but seek me not, 'tis vain 1 I'd throw a shadow on thy home— I cannot come again. They say tbat in the desert drcarsomo green ness may be fonnd, Some oasis in contrast strange to all the waste around, And even thus, within my heart, guilt-dark ened though it be, There is a love all beautiful, that lives and clings to thee. I'm weeping very bitterly, I cannot help these tears, They are the tribute memory pays to joys of fleeted years. Good-bye 1 God bless thee, mother dear 1 I sorrow for thy pain. Oh 1 if I were bnt innocent, I'd gladly come again. I distinctly stated in the letter, that it would be utterly useless again writing to me as I was on the eve of setting out for a distant part of the country. This was quite true, for the next morning I left Herne Bay, and went again to Maidstone. I went with a sad heart, thinking of all the grief mymotlierwouldsiifferon my account. She had been such a good mother to mc ; and I seemed to see her looking down upon me with her full lustrous eyes, and foudly kissing me and pointing to all the beauti ful things so largely scattered by the hand of God through' all the universe— just as she used to do in the olden days when I was her darlin boy, in whose future all her hopes and dreams were centred. Aud what a future that has been 1 Better, mother, to have seen me laid when I was innocent in some quiet churchyard, where in summer evenings you could have visited the little grave that held my body with full assurance that my spirit had winged its flight to Heaven ' What sorrow, wretchedness, ami suffer ing have fallen to my lot my own heart knows only. My outward misery has been great ; but there has sometimes been an inward torture still more dreadful to en dure. Thou art ia Heaven, my mother 1 and by the increased light of thy augcl knowledge thou can'st read this heart of mine as mortals read it not. Thou wilt know then, that I have struggled against the evil prompting of my nature ; that t have sorrowed much for the grief that 1 have ' occasioned. "" "-tills :friO: ment the good voice is pleading within me and the good angel sits watching near my heart. Mother; if spirits above cau strengthen the struggling spirits on earth, strengthen thou me, so that the voice . Bpeak not in vain, and the vigil of the angel be not lost. But alas! what hope of being good have 1 7 It is likely that veirs anl yeir3 ago, in that journey to Mitditotic, 1 felt a transient repentance, a m.miuiitary yearning for the good ; that I wept, that J prayed ; arid that soon afterwards I re signed myself to wickedness, and was, without compunction, seeking " money, and money in any way. " Alas for the in consistency of human nature 1 alas for the wretched weakness ot good inten- . tions ! alas for the worthlessnes3 of holy desires disassociated from the persistent energy which ever labours for their fruition. (fit be emUinmrd.') X" 1 — — — t The more ptls the old tnsid has, the mot pettish the old maid is apt to be. 