SWEDISH WOMEN. "The Latia race," says a celebrated author, " ie feminine, even in its men and the Anglo-Saxon racéis masculine, even in. its women." In fact, the men of the Latin race are as nervous, impression- able, changeable, and -bright as women; Their planners, also, are as insinuating as woman's, and they can talk brightly, even when they 1iave nothing to talk about. . . .. ". . But, as a strange contrast to these peculiarities, - the Latin is a materialist, and the Anglo-Saxon an idealist. The Latin considers life as a passage of material pleasures; the Anglo-Saxon considers it as a school, with duty for Bchbol- master. There are -exceptions to these rules, we know ; but these are the rules which dis- tinguish the characteristics of both races. The Swedes, though not of puro Anglo Saxon race, may be included- within its 11\. 'J .'M »... ^?lÍy^J¿-_^^'^l^h'"-í^Jl ¡ limite; and some oítheir ciu^ipa :3^B¡wva -j j mention. . For ínstenos, when there is.». wedding, the "bridegroom carries a,-whip in hie hand, aa a sign of his authority ia the domestic circle.- If there be even a whis- per of scandal against the bride, she can- not wear the virginal wreath of orange blossoms. The way a peasant-bride is adorned in Sweden ia curious; all her friends lendher jewels, «tc, which they hang on her head, neck, arms, hands, bodice, shoes, &c; Then a silver ring is placed in one shoe, and this becomes the property of the boy who is allowed the honour of taking off the bride's shoes at night before the guests separate, and then a perfect fight takes place between the married guests and those who are not married, who surround the bride to prevent the bride- groom taking the bride, which, of course, he eventually does, and then runs away with her like the " conquering hero that he ÍB." A Swedish wedding usually lasts several days, and amongst the many cere- monies is the planting of a fir-tree in memory of the day. A Swedish peasant rarely marries a girl not of his own place. .The Swedish peasant, is simple, affec- tionate, courteous, hospitable, and cheerful. The women's dress consists usually of a yellow woollen skirt and an over-gown of white cloth, fastened at the back with black. -A black collar encircles the neck, and a red apron ^covers the front ef the skirt. ? A white cloth fichu - is-draped on the hea.d The gala ..-.dress, is' richer in colours, and a red embroideredbelt is worn round the waist. Married and single women dress alike. A Swedish peasant's house consists of two rooms, a kitchen and a baking oren, the whole made of trunks' of trees. The roof is made of branches of trees covered , with mud. There are no belts or knockers to the door; everyone goes ia freely, without asking permission. The j first room that is entered is the sitting | room and dining-room, and sometimes it is also used as a bedroom. The furniture consists of a large wooden table, chairs, and several little sofas, which, joined to- { gether, serve as beds when needed, i A large deck is always to be found in the room, and a chest of drawers. The floor is covered with branches of fir-trees. .There is also a large fireplace, and when the fire is alight no candles are used. Next to this room is a second room, used only for sleeping and for hanging up the family's wearing apparel. Nearly every peasant's house has a little garden in which to grow cabbages, carrots, apples, &c.; Trees, how- ever, are Tare in Sweden, especially in the north. Open fields are considered more beautiful than forests. In some places the dead are buried in the forests. Swedish peasants live . on brown bread, cheese, butter, and salt beef and mut tion. They do not like fresh meat or vegetables or pqtotatoes. Their drink is light home-made beer. They sometimes drink coffee, but only fashionable people drink tea. As. in Ireland, the 1 family pig * often shares the bedroom with -his master. Doors and windows are rarely opened, even in summer time, and the people rarely, undress going to bed. They wash only once on a week, on Saturday night. ... ; Like all ignorant people of every country, the Swedish poor aro very superstitious, es- pecially in illness. For instance, corns are cured by some one tolling the sufferer that some one is dead; The friend syas, " So and so ÍB dead !" " And my corns are dead." says the sufferer. This must be repeated three times. If any one complains of any pain, and' some tone says, " It's a lie ! " the pain disappears at once. Spitting is sup- posed to keep away evil spirits, witchcraft, and ghosts. The first time an unmarried mah stands godfather to a baby it must be a girl, and the first time a girl stands god- mother to a child it must be a boy, other- wise ehe will never marry. The water which serves for the baptism, ÍB carefully kept to be used in severe illnesses. No- where in the world is the love for children so great as in Sweden and Norway, espe- cially in Norway. In fact, the monotony of existence is releived only by this love. Very little difference existe between the Swedes and Norwegians in their customs so little that they need not be mentioned, -Les Journal De Modes. 