ACT A POFULI. _ ? * ? B'x thb Flaneur. Beyond doubt the present is an age of swindles and shams, of fraud and folly of the grossest kind. Scarcely a week passes without some heinous piece of villainy being unmasked, and Satan only knows (for these things belong to the devil's department solely) how many thousands more are worked suc cessfully, and never see the light of day at all. Our boasted ' march of progress' seems to go on the principle of one step forward and two steps back ward, and we seem to have reached that senseless stage alluded to by the sarcastic Scriptural seer of old who said—' By reason of their great wisdom, all men have become fools !' o o o I think I see a shadow of land ahead, however, and out of the moral darkness there comes a bright beam which looks like one of those dazzling rays of glorious light which we sometimes behold bursting through a rift in the clouds from the setting sun, and illuminating the gloomy sky like, as an Ameri can poet happily says — '.'A dead soldier's sword athwart his pall.' This beam is full of comfort, for it gives a sign that men are beginning to under stand that God is still God, and there can be no true lasting prosperity, except that which is founded upon God's laws. ooo I have been led into this train of thought by the following seeming small but still highly suggestive circumstance. A number of Eastern suburbanites of mixed religions were recently discussing every thing in general and nothing at all in particular, when one of them remarked — ' It has always been a puzzle to me why Waveriey is one of the most mismanaged suburbs we have, and yet, just across the road, we find a perfect model borough in Wool lahra.' ' Oh, that's an easy problem to solve,' re plied a listener. ' Woollahra has for many years been under the rule of a Mayor who has a religious b elief, and is not ashamed or afraid to act up to it. No truly conscientious Catholic could possibly hold a position of trust, and at the same time wink at any shady or even suspicious actions that he saw being carried on.' . 0 0 0' At this juncture'- a 'Waveriey warrior, with a letnon-coloured face, and an orange- coloured flower in his botton-hole, said ' it looked like rain,' and our weather prophets ought to be beheaded and shot down the Bondi sewer, and the weather now being served out to us was enough to make even a saint throw down his harp and swear, and so he stalked off, and the little street-corner meeting dis persed, o oo Right here I should like to say that Waveriey has more than once had really public-spirited and ear nest non-Catholics as Mayors— as, for instance, Mr. A. C. Hewlett, the late Mayor and preaent Alderman — but what can one or two good men do against a sectarian ring ? That, however, is by the ?way. . ... ..?...-?... o o o ► ?. ..;-. ; ' Evidently, the. talk was not to the Waveriey war rior's liking, particularly as the statements made could not be contradicted, and as he scurried off I ?was reminded of the saying of Oliver Holmes — 'The mind of a bigot is like the pupil of an eye; the more light you pour into it the more it con , tracts.' Furthermore, I was reminded that some years ago Mr. James Carroll (one of our. best Catho lics and business men also) told me? that in his position as City Auditor he refused to '-certify that certain Sydney Town Hall balance-sheets were ? correct unless the fullest information respecting all vouchers and the like were placed before him. He insisted upon being allowed to inquire into every thing connected with the Council's accounts, but being over-ruled by some of the Council's officers he wisely stood out, and refused to have anything more to do with such a shady bit of business. Tha1 Mr. Carroll was in the right has been proved by two damning facts. Ex-Treasurer Speer, the man who objected to Mr. Carroll's just demands, is now doing six years for having embezzled '334000 of the ratepayers' money, and Auditor Christie plainly sayB : 'There has never yet been a proper balance sheet placed before the City Council.' The whole monetary afiairs of the Council are now in a state of opeless muddle, all of which would have been averted had the warnings of Messrs. Christie and Carroll been heeded. Out of evil cbmeth good, however, and the day may not be far distant when a Catholic's religion, instead of being a bar to his advancement, will be taken, as a guarantee of his trustworthiness. o o o So far as honesty in public affairs is concerned, Aus tralia got a very bad start in life, indeed, for corrup, tion and fraud seem to have been included in the car goes of the first vessels that arrived here. Innumerable instances of disgraceful doings stain the chronicles of Australia's early life, one of the most atrocious, but clever, being that performed by one Croasley, a companion in law and crime of Judge- Advocate Atkins, who flourished like a bay-tree during the reign of Governor Bligh. o o o Atkins was reckoned a champion drinker, even in those touqh old days when men drank rum out of a bucket, and it was not an uncommon thing for him to pass sentence of death at times when he was so drunk that he couldn't see a hole-in, a ladder, much less the unlucky prisoner before.him. Crossley was a convict, and although he held no actual office, still he worked in with Atkins, and really performed the ptincipal functions of the law department. On one occasion Crossley, being ' squared' to fake up a will to suit some not over-scrupulous per sons, placed a living fly in the mouth of a dead man, and then guided his hand to trace his signature to the writing that purported to be the will of the de ceased person. That dandy little dodge being success fully accomplished, cute Mr- Crossley stepped lightly into tha witness-box, and with sublime audacity swore that he ' saw the testator sign the will with his own hand while life tvas in him.'' Strictly speak ing, that was true, for the live fly was in the dead man's mouth at the time, but somehow the trick got fly-blown, Crossley was convicted of perjury, and, I presume, had his neck officially sprained after the good old English fashion. Governor Bligh might be pardoned for much of his misdeeds, as he had to take his legal advice from such unmitigated scoun drels as Atkins and Crossley. Governor Hunter had sounded his warning voice many years before, but like Auditor Carroll's warn ing concerning the Sydney Council's danger, it passed unheeded. Speaking or the 5000 decidedly frisky sheep in his fold. Hunter said— 'Here iniquity abounds, and those gross sins which, in Europe, would render a person contemptible in the public eye and obnoxious to the the f civil law, are becoming fashionable and familiar.' (They sin in Europe now quite as grievously, but a deal more secretly, and I presume what the public eye does not see the public mind does not grieve over.) ' Adultery, fornication, theft, drunkenness, extortion, violence, uncleanness of every kind, stalk through the colony in the open face of the sun' (most of the sinners were locked up at night, or they would have given the moon a treat as well), ' and it is no uncommon thing to hear a person say, 'When I was a Christian, I thought so and-so.' ' . . ooo There was no Zoo open on Sundays in those days (except the human one), but the pubs did a roaring trade, and while they were crowded the few places of worship established showed ' a beggarly array of empty benches.' Ihis greatly grieved the God fearing Governor, and so he issued an edict com manding that all convicts should go to church at least once a day. They did so for exactly one month. Then there was no church for them to go to. A happy thought had also come to the ' broad arrow' gentlemen, and they carefully burned the church down. Still they were not a prejudiced or conservative class. They were always open to con viotion. And there were very few of them who didn't get it. 0 0 0 I wonder if the Father Phelan of whom we have read so much in the Fkbeman of late that was brighfc and interesting was ever stationed in Bathurst? There Was a Father Phelan there when I was a gay gossoon, I know, and he was one of the mildest and meekest and best-hearted men I ever met — ' a most incomparable . man ; breath' d, as it were, to an untirable and continuate goodness.' On one occasion that I re member, four boys,|while waiting to serve Mass in the early morning, improved (?) the faintly Ehining hour by swarming up a fine apple tree in Dean Grant's garden and filling themselves with fruit a8 fast as they could. After a time, Father Phelan came along reading his ' office,' and, twigging the greedy game going on, he stood under the tree and quietly said : ' Boys, if you think you have had enough you had better come down — the Dean will be here soon.' The boys did come down. So startled were they on hearing' the voice beneath, that they came down kerflop on top of the good priest's headt apples and all, and nearly drove him feet-foremost through the ground. o oo And this reminds me of a strange occurrence that happened in earlier days in the same town. The parish priest then was Father Bourgeois, another worthy disciple of the gentle Nazarene. Father Bourgeois used to sleep on a bed in a poor little room at one end of the old Bathurst presbytery. One night as he was retiring to rest, the strange thought came to him that he ought to remove his bed to the other end of the room. There was no apparent reason for his doing so, however, and the good priest endeavoured to dismiss the thought as an idle fancy,. But, like Banquo's ghost, the idea 'would not down,' and, at last, after vainly en deavouring to go to sleep as usual, Father Bourgeois rose and pushed his little cot over to the opposite corner, and then, lying down, he fell into a sound sleep in a few moments. Now comes the strange part of the story. About 2 o'clock next morning, someone standing on the presbytery verandah fired a pistol-shot into the room, and with so true an aim that the bullet passed along exactly where Father Bourgeois's head usually rested, and buried itself in the wall on a line with where his pillow should have been. I don't remember whether the miscreant who fired was ever captured, or what the reason of the outrage was, as I didn't happen to be in this world at the time, but the story was often told in after years, and it seems to justify Hamlet's remark — 'There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philo sophy.' ooo , In time the party with the fertile imagination who jerks the war end of the cable will come to be considered as great a romancer as a turf tipster or a weather prophet, if he hasn't got to that undesir'1 able stage already. In spite of all his croakings, no great war has been declared, but, now that I think of the matter again, that is natural enough, for our only 'Majah,' the fire-eating, nitroglycerine drinking J-Bone Neild, reviewed the St. George's Rifles the other night, and the very sound of the fine large flat feet of those valiant heroes was enough to shake the world, and compel Kaiser and Czar and all the rest of the fat-headed rulers of Europe to sit down, and be good boys for the future. . ; ooo One of John Hanlon's bower birds whispers to me, however, that the gallant St. George Fallbacks are not only great fighters, but mighty great eaters as well, and if we are ever in serious danger of in vasion it might be cheaper to hand over the keys of the citadel to the foe than to attempt to feed the 'Fallbacks' for more than a week in the tented field. oo o . This may hot be strictly true ; in fact, I noticed a deal of salt on the tail of the little bird who carried the tale along, but it reminds me of a good story told of the mess-room in Dublin Castle. One day the orderly officer entered this room juBt as the men were about to begin dinner, and shouted the usual cry — ' Any complaints ?' o o o 'Yea, Sir,' said a hale and hearty boy from BallinaBloe. ' Yer, Sir, the beef and bacon in this thing they call an Irish stew isn't fit for the likes of us to eat, and I'll report it if no one else does.' On hearing this the doctor was sent for, and being a loyal Englishman he was shocked to hear the charge made. Accordingly, after a few prods and sniffs, he turned angrily on the raw recruit, and exclaimed — ' How dare you, you blackguard ! Allow me to tell you that far greater men than you will ever be have eaten this beef and bacon. Even Lord Wolseley, our glorious Commander-in- Chief, was not above eating that meat in the Crimea, and he 'made a hearty meal of it, too.' ' Did he ?' said the over-particular ' swaddy.' ' Yep, he did,' re plied the doctor. ' Oh well,' retorted the full private, 'it was mighty easy for Wolseley to do that, because the meat would be fresh and good then. But you must remember, Sir, that it's a devilish long time now since the Crimean war was on, and you can't expect beef and bacon to keep sound and sweet for half-a-century !' ooo Talking of John Hanlon, that worthy gentleman sends me a note to say he can quite believe that my par of last week, containing what most persons would set down as a libel on thp great and glorious na,me of Ryan, may have some truth in it after al^ (it was an actual fact I described), for the follow ing circumstance came under his own personal knowledge. ooo John was jogging along one of our delightfully rough and dusty roads one hot day, when he sud denly saw something that looked like a great stack -of rags come flying out through a shanty door and settle down in the road with a sounding slump a few yards ahead. By the time John and his horses had recovered the shock to their systems, however, the collection of rags began to move and take life* like the dry bones Ezekiel taw in his vision, and presently a bruised and battered man sat up in the road, and shaking his grimy fist at the place from which he had been so emphatically fired, he shouted — 'Luk here, Mother Cas sidy! My name's O'Rourke, and I'm a peace, able feller that never struck a man in his life ; but come you out on this road here, an' I'll belt the head off you or any other woman my height in the dis trict !' After that I want to pull on a pair of: bloomers and go out and lie down in the boundless; bush until I'm kicked to death by grasshoppers. 