MAITLANO GAOL (Continued)* THOSE RELIGIOUS SER VICES. Their Uselessness in Gaol. THEIR EFFECT OS PRISONERS Thoaglitlcssncss of Authorities. Exposure of Prisoners. The Blunders of the Bench Some Erratic .Sentences* General Jackson's Autocracy fills \ame Hold in Fear# Innocent Men in Gaol Victims to Police Machinations. Br ai t Es'Isuite. In order to give the reader an idea of tbe utter 1 ntfifly of the gaol services to softea the be*rte of tbe imprisoned men, or to ehed upon the darkened ways of sentenced sin, a beuign or beneficent iatluence, 1 may cite an instance where the lack of the spiritual strength of the service was wofullj apparent, Hia reverend 'nibs ' was waltz ing through the sermon, when a prisoner next to me drew my attention to his metuod of procedure. 'Just watch him,1 he eaid. - He'll sever once raise his eye* to us. Isn't ho a —1' And right through the sermon the parson fired ahead, wituout a vestige of coinpaseiou or sympathy, i be ineu beneath him mUht tiave been soulless, lor all he cared. 1 don't doubt but that he showed more earnestness to his du^ at bomu. His voice, too, was pitcutd io a heartier key— a key that cer ta.nly wouid not open tbe doors of human couticio &ue;»* to lue gmcious influence ot the Augei of eud.e s I'e-ioe. 1'he pricaouer beside me spoke again. 1 Ain't you sorry you aoae it/' he asked. 1 r^pned by auother quesiioo. ?What are you in lor?' ? ten peuuorih (10 years) assault and robbery but im tne v.t-m of a police auutptrui-y. My mate did tos job, but they nabbed iue, b c*u-e tney caugbt me puueh ing tbe m^n for accusing me. 1 was inno cent, hut what cuance had i pot of prov.ng it, with their evmence, and the man swear ing against mo, so tbey had a clear cuss of 'send up.' They lied beaut. fully agaiust ma in tbe box. Ihey swear men's lives away every day, and the poor accused deviJs haven't got tbe ghost of a chance to defend tneuiselves. It's the podce coat and bnttuns acainst tbe ragged coat that may not be too c.ii&Ti;, and in you go. 'ihey ihiai they do a service to tbe country, in giving us a heart breaking tentunce of ' icn years bard.' but I'm not. tue only imtoc.ud man in gaol. j here's bun red's of 'em, h m*n sacrifices odtoua-iard o. po.ice amoitioo and oflicial autocracy. Tuej make us the stepping stonsM to future promotions and future fat. screws, tor the advancement 01 police oilicers depends more oti the i.et of their fuvorauie convictions than on their standard oi intelli gence; and it's not aiwaye that tney d.ag their charges through the gates of iruih, out more often inrough the gat s of damuable Jiey. Bee that mau over there in f/out witb tbe mournful face/ H 's doing a ♦eixer1 (six uioQibe) to- passing a *lil' (bad £0 uote), and he swears he n ver saw it/ ? 1 can't uucLrauud how these things can be,' J said. * Voud understand if yon knew the rotten ness oi tue Fosnery regime. They cooeiivr na constitution builc. a, on ju?t and equitaote cjttdn.ous. it's tbe very reverse, ror it's rott :n to the cure, where the law forthericu uiau is mookin/.y flaunted in the face 01 the poor, whose law i» vasti^ diiiereni.'aa all the wor.d know . 1.00k n\ uie ; I bad no chance #u i I've jot lev* oow, to convince tiieee soul-bardeued -.or^we (wardera) that 1 am iuuocenl. F'ow and then 1 break out (I've just done 21 daye' solitary, bread and w-Aer, for try.ng to bau^ a 4 -crew,' who mocked me), but J bad to do it, for i have a st ark of the spirit that male England gr.-at within me, and it relieves this ghastly moiiouny that drapes my soul as with a sickening pad. Tins couverration took place in many broken part-, and the dose proximity of a ?screw' puiJed us up with a hitch. My iuforioaut juinel in the r sponses, and in one 01 the psalu£ proved himself the ;os ecsBor ot as one a tenor voice as I had heard. Itch in tone, strong, sympathetic, and of magnificent register, it rang out above the rest ; to me it seemed like tbe cry of a lost soul sounding from the wilderne-s of the forgotteu of God. And the poor devil had done 21 days on oread and water, in solitary confinement, wub tbe awful prospect of 10 lon^r, weary years aud, a* he says, tor auother man's crime. And the knowledge of this is what makes him play ap sometimes, and grow, antagonietic to the already too rigid rules. And when he does play up, the merciless hand of the law aud the shadow of Neitenstein make it lively tor him, There is not sufficient sympathy to view his position in any other light than that of crime, and one of these days, under special bcrew pro vocation, he will perhaps in the heat of passion double up the*bcrew.' And then the grand Wi?Lbt of our legal and judicial system will bo called into play, and the accu-ed's previous criminal sentence, an I his little antagonistic incid.-aJe, will be all gathered together in a chain of incriminating evidence, and the presiding judge will look at his white lace and pleading eyes, mute with the mattered language of a criminally crushed heart, and that judge, whoever he may be, will view hifl emaoiated figure from beneath the 'black cap.' And* never guessing the condition of things that placed him In that dock* will, with the parting hope that God may have mercy on his soul, 1 seud him up behind tho oookhouse' (where the gallows ue erected) to meet bis God* Can the average reader understand that even this end is in some in stances viewed in an Indifferent and semi welcome light by prisoners who are *aick onto death ' of the endless, harrowing mono tony of atone walls and stonier bfarti. Most of the men were glad when the service came to an end. They always are, and hail its advent more as a break in the gaol life than anything else. Neither has the trae spirit of religion nor the spirit of peace sat down in that gaol chapel ' with folded wings.' There isacontinoons shadow ceet there from the never folded pinions of the angel of Despair. Ani the shadow will remain there, until some change is made in the administration of the services. Thoughtlessness on the part of the gaol authorities is one of their chief failings. By tha aftaruoon express from Eydney very often little things arrive for gaol officials. It is the custom to send a prisoner down to the platiorm with a barrow, In company with* a ?Screw/ to obtain them. The prisoner becomes a centre of attraction, and everyone gapes at him, as at a great curio sifj. Burns saya that a man in a suit of hodien grey is 'a man for a' that,' but the people around MnitUnd Eait view the man in tbe grey gaol clothes as a criminal, and gape at him accordingly. Last Maitland Show day a. prisoner was thus submit ted to the gaze of hundreds of people, as two excursion trains stopped at the platform, ?1 lelt my condition keenly/ he said. They glared at me as if 1 had come out of the Zoo.' Onu of the chief elements ia the gaol is the dread the moa on the whole have of Jackson, the present governor. Tbe men beard with regret of the departure of Grahame* whom they all voted a ' toff,' but the governorship of Jackson was greeted With dread* ''K's dead nuts on the ? Screws,'' the old timers whispered in the Extension,, 'and 'e'g - a fair Tartar, altogether ; Vil make things sit np.' and according to acconnts, he has fulfilled the prediction made ft him. But why f a it because hois like some Judges I know of, who give erratio sentences (instance: Joe Collins* three years, theit, t tin of Baking powder, value 6d, Jodre Gibson ; and Daniel Boberts, two ye are, theft, 13U0 head of sheep, Jcdi'O Backhouse) through having big livers, and correspondingly small hearts? By men's actions so are men jndeed, and a despot is named on account of his despotism. And thus, as tbe voicu of tbe prisoners 'go up and down'the etony town1 in condemnation of the harshnasB of this man, must not this general opinion be proof of the presence of a spirit unconscious of the softer sympathies of human nature? And in a gaol, too, where officials in power see so much of horror, where' (Sleep will not lie down, bat walks wild-eyed and cries to Time,' surely it it not out of place for the writer to a-k, why will pompous, pride-soaked men stand beneath the banner of cruelty, when their Ma-tsr tells them that, ' Blessed are the merciful, for tfory jJutU inherit mercy* [to be ooytxkued.] One of tbe wonnded Jack Tars, who were brought to an American hospital for treat ment after the Maine disaster in Havana Harbor, was asked to tell what he knew of tbe irigbtiol explosion. He^aid, ?Well, sir, 1 was a-corkin' it off in me hammick, Bir, when .1 hears a hell of a noise. Then, sir, the nnrse says, ? Sit up au'-take this/ That a all 1 know, sir.' Which is ptobably a lie, but it is a fine one and worthy of preserva tion, Despite all we hear-the Englishmen in Johannesburg caaaot be a very ioyai lot when a writer in tbe Transvaal 'Critic' has to nrge them as follows 4 1 appeal with confidence to all true Britishers in Johannes burg to decorate their premises witb the Union Jack to celebrate Her Majesty's B rtbday, and 1 have little doubt that our V&nkee; cousins will co-operate to give the town the festive appearance which the occasion demands.' Father ha9 quite recovered his hea'th since 1 linking ?Niuhoiid' Xusmanian Dande lion AJe '* 