Important. An open air public meeting will be held in Sydney-road, Brunswick, next Saturday night) when Comrades Casimir, Hannah, and Wilmot will speak as to the necessity ol The Tocsin being better supported. Shares may be obtained from the speakers, and instalments and sub scriptions paid to them. Comrades and sympa thisers with The Tocsin, please roll up 1 The Adelaide Trades Hall recently wrote to representative ministers of the various denomina tions, pointing out that the holding of Sunday - school picnics and tea meetings on Mondays frequently necessitated, in the baking trade, a certain amount of work on Sundays, that could be avoided by arranging these events for some other day. Promises of help have been received from Wesleyan, Presbyterian, and Primitive Methodist officials. ' .. * * . # . Sydney ' Worker ' emphatically condemns Premier Reid's proposal to alienate another 111,000 acres of the public lands, in order to pay liis current debts, Whatever truth there may' be in the rumours one hears over here about splits in the N.S.W. Labour Party, we feel certain that they will stand- together as one man to support the ' Worker ' when it says : 'Under no circumstances whatever can the Labour Party support the Reid Government in the proposed -wholesale auctioneering of the public estate.' ; . Short title for the Purification of 'the Rolls Act — Universal Suffrage Repeal.Act.; ??'?'? ? ' * . ' It is notified by advertisement elsewhere that Frank Anstey will deliver a lecture nnder the auspicus of the Richmond Workingmen's Club, at the Market Reserve, on Suuday next. Subject—' Labour Movement and Labour Party.' * * * Messrs. J. W. Johnston and Co., of Swanston street, hearing from thu papers that Mrs. L. Malady, of South Warragul, had lost'everyHiing through the bush fires, immediately wrote to her offering to replace a sewing machine obtained from them, at no further cost to her. This is as it should be, and it. is t;o be hoped that the example will be generally imitated. * * ? * It has been definitely decided that the Pren dergast Testimonial presentation shall be made on Monday night, March 7th, at Bergiu's Hotel, Errol-btreet., Nona Melbourne, and the com mittee therefore urge upon those who have lista to forward the same, together with the amounts, to either Chas. Gale, tobacconist, Victoria-street, North Melbourne, or the secretary. 256 Eliza beth-street, Melbourne. * * * ? . The good men of the . Federal Convention agree how wicked aro the Christian Scientists of the United States. Those simple folk believe implicitly in one of ihe teachings of their Bible — and are willing on behalf oil themselves and their children to' abide by the result;. The .-. papers ring wii.li Hit; news that Ihe faith healers* patients die 1 As if doctors' patients did nob nlso die. But, the doctor can make a legal certificate of death, and the faith- healer is not permitted to do so. The Tocsin knows little about the practice and belief of the ' Christian Scientists.' and it is possibly outside their camp— .-but it is a iittio sickening to read the obviously prejudiced press criticisms we get on this side of the Pacific. * * * ? i A suggestion made by G'nat Levi. It was to the effect that Victoria might do a good thing, for herself hy spending £5000 or £10.000 in send ing members oi' tlu- Legislative Assembly, to be selected by ballot, lo travel and get object lessons. Is this the Legislative Councillor sneering at the mere M.L.A. who can't afford to take trips to Europe ' on bis own ?' Or is it merely Guat Lb%-i, the. Hebrew gentleman, who published in an o!w.~nre aHp.ynf? FHmiers street a pallid \\. azarus-like evening paper some two or three years ago, and. whose compositors' were wont to stand on Pay Day in a stirried'' mass-looking with famished ey es at the Office Door— which also creaked in a famished oilless fashion far away up crooked stairs ? Isit'the 'GnatLevi who paid Ms wretched stnfTof typos. less than. any other publisher .of a daily paper, has paid his composing staff in th;s Southern.. Hemisphere ? . * * * ' ' ? ? The Federal Convention visit to Bailarat was ? the opportunity fur the free-pass section of the Civil Service, th-j. minority of cadgers inBubordi nate. positions who are «il ways edging into places not too properly prepared for their seniors. So Bailarat was invaded by a horde of these camp followers — and so persistent were they, tbat they practically monopolised the banquet seats in the Alfred Hall, and some of the Convention delegates left the place because they were unable to find a seat. The Tocsin takes little interest in tbe feeding of delegates — that is a matter they are usuall}' able to arrange for themselves, judging 'by appearances. The parti cular feature of the affair is the fact that, enter tainments for ' distinguished visitors,' &c;, &c;, are always rushed by understrappers from the Service, and others who have no ghost of a Bhadowof a claim to be distinguished for any thing but cool cheek. These 'distinguished visitors'' orgie3 are waste of money anyhow, but is there anything in the suggestion that they are designed in the, beginning by Civil Servants for Civil Servants? This last entertainment was nominally in charge of ' Cocky ' Watson, . of the Public Works department, but that does . ( not- explain why free rail tickets, free banquet tickets, and free hotel tickets were scattered j broadcast throughout the Service. 