AUSTRALIAN MORALS- OPINIONS OF A SCOTCH DIVINE. CIIUIlCll WORK IN WEST AUSTRALIA. MISSIONARIES ON THE GOLDFIELDS. The Rev. Dr. Duff, of Freo St. George's, Glas gow, and Convener of tho Colonial Committee of the Free Church of Scotland Is at present in Syd ney. Tho object of tho colonial committee, the headquarters of which nro at Edinburgh, is to Interest itself in the work of tho Presbyterian Churches In tho British colonies, nnd, in accord ance with this scheme. Dr. Duff was sent out to take part in tho Otago Jubilee In March last. He has since then toured tho whole of the colo nies, spending some time in West Australia. A representative of this paper saw Dr. Duff last night, nnd asked him for his impressions of tho work of the Church in tho colonies. Tho doctor, in reply, outlined Ills trip briefly, and said ho had spent some time in Tasmania, where he for merly conducted n ministry at Evandale. That was ID years ago, before he went to Glasgow, aud, naturally, the visitor saw a good many chaitgos both in the colony and in tho Church. Front Tasmania Dr. Duff wont to South Austra lia, and preached In tho various Presbyterian churches there; and thence he went to Albany and on to Fremnntle. At Fremantle he per formed the ceremony of laying the foundntion- slone of the East Fremantle Presbyterian Church on July 29 last. The doctor was struck with tho ndvancomont of tho western colony, and was sur prised to find such an extensive railway system in working order. He was Impressed with the resources of the colony, nnd remarked upon the fact that within the last IS months the gold yield had Increased from 40,000 to SO, 000 ounces per month. After a flying visit to Perth, he wont north to tho goldfieids, stopping at Cool- gardle, where ho arrived at the beginning of August. He preached there, and went 011 to Knl- goorlie, where I10 descended tho famous Boulder mine. He was struck by the magnitude of the scheme by which It is proposed to supply Cool- gardie with wnter. The doctor found that want of water is a pressing burden 011 the goldflehls, and he Joins with the mining communities there in hoping that tho scheme will he successfully carried through. In reply to a question asking as to his opinions on tho work of the Church In tVest Australia, he said; — "Tho Presbyterian Church was Into entering the Held in West Australia, the first operations being conducted by the Rev. D. Shearer at Perth 19 years ago. Mr. Shearer continued his work till about six years ngo, when he died. Mr. Hanlan, of Fremantle, also did somo early and good work, nnd he is still on- gaged in Ills ministry. Mr. Shearer's successor is tho Rev. David Ross. M.A., formerly of Cra- thlo, the famous parish In which the Queen re sides when sho gees to Balmoral. Mr. Ross has proved himself a great gift, not only to his Church, but to tlio colony. The younger minis ters ulro show themselves worthy in every re spect. Mr. Burns, at Coolgardie, has been singu larly useful. Ho is a splendid type of the colo nial minister. I had the pleasure of seeing something of nearly every minister in the Pres byterian Church in West Australia, and tool profoundly thankful for the spirit of unity and zeal and devotion that seems to characterise this small band or faithful men. Tho field Is so vast, and the difficulties of the work in the gold- fields so great, that the Church in the colony de serves tho fullest sympathy and help that can bo rendered both by the Churches at home and by the strong Church in Victoria. Such help has already, to a gratifying extent, been given from both sources, nnd It is to be liopcd tbat it will be largely Increased. So deeply do I feel the importance and difficult character of tbo work before the Church in West Australia that I have already earnestly commended it to the Church in Victoria, and, when I go home, will do my hert to press its claims upon tho Presbyterian Churches of Britain. The Churches of all denominations havo an inviting field In other quarters in the west, besides the goidflelds. Good work, I be lieve, is done there by the various branches of the Christian Church, and there Is room for all — for the best tint all can do. "When visiting the goldflehls, one cannot help feeling deeply for the condition of the men — minors and others — at work there, and remark ing bow easy it is in such circumstances, in the eager rush for gold, to forget higher things. It takes a man of rare qualities of head and heart to do the work of a Christian evangelist or pas tor on these fields. Indeed, 110 man can bo too well equipped for It. Only one of great physical energy nnd cnthusicsm, nnd love for souls nnd courage and tact, and purity of life, can do effective work among the people there. "Referring to the work of the Church In South Australia and Tasmania, a visitor from the Churches at home could not but feel a great need of encouragement and help being rendered to them. The great need is undoubtedly suitable men. "Or course, in regard to Victoria, tho Presby terian Church there has always been one of the most vigorous and Influential or nl! the colonial Churches, nnd it appears to maintain its posi tion. I linvo no doubt that it owed a great deal to Its early pioneers, ministers, nnd leading office-bearers. These have for the most part passed nway, but their memory — the memory of Dr. Cairns aDd others among ministers, and of Sir James Macbain among office-bearers — will re malu as au incentive and an inspiration. That Church Is still largely favored In the possession of ministers of great ability and devotion, and of lending office-bearers, who exercise a powerful Influence in the colony. I referred In my pre vious visit horo to tho Churches of New South Wales and of Queensland." "What Is your impression of the moral condi tion of the colonies generally. Doctor?" — "What one finds us applying more or less to nil tho colonleB is the tendency o"n the part of all classes to bo fully engrossed in the struggle for wealth. The lovo of gain and tho pursuit of plea sure, with tho consequent Instability nnd rest lessness of character, render It difficult for the Churches to maintain n high standard of life and U/nrlr a nf iinhrilltif nnd l«KniFn«Ann sorts Itself strongly, and there are problems in society and in the Church that can really not be solved udIcsr in their very foundations of lite in the family circle. Tho missing link, it is to he feared, in young communities generally, is to bo found in tho looseness of the family tie, and the lack of parental restraint, with all that that means. Whether the Bible have its place in tho State schools or not, the one great need is that II should have Its rlEffit place In the home. "On tho wboio, tho tone of the press In tho colonies generally sooms to mo to be creditabio, and on tbo sido of righteousness. I visited a good many public schools also, and found a gra tifying standard of teaching and management. Tho care of the young, or, as It is termed at home, tho welfare of tho youth, should certainly hold a first place In the thoughts of tho Church. Tho impression I gained by a general Burvey of tho Cburchce as to their needs is that holp Is specially required by West Australia and Queens land, and, to somo lessor degree, by Tasmania and North Now Zealand. South New Zealand and Victoria nnd New South Wales are at a different stage, and nro less dependent upon help from tho old country, "In this lengthened tour, ombraclng till the colonies of Australia, I havo been struck by the various types of colonial minister, all of them usoful, and each filling an Important place. Their attributes varied. In somo cases tbey are preaching power of scholarship; in somo 1 lower of organisation or capacity for dealing with public affairs; In some a conspicuous quality is the pastoral gift; and in somo one is deeply Im pressed with the evident desire for holiness of character. Ail of theso, as I havo said, have an Important place, and undoubtedly the greatest gift of all— that which exercises a commanding, although often unrecorded. Influence on the con gregation and the community — Is olevatlon and salntllnesB of character. What tho Church ns a wholo needs, above all things, Is loyalty to her groat Head, a desire to serve Him with her best, and an earnest waiting upon God for the power of tho Holy Ghost. Such gifts have unquestion ably been the secret of all that Is best In tho llfo and traditions of tho Church In tho old lands, and, amid all the worluliness and unbelief and difficult problqms of the new, tho sumo course must be followed." 