LIFE IN ENGLAND HALF A CENTURY AGO. Miss M. Betham-Edwards, the well-known novelist, has issued a volume of reminiscences. Miss Edwards is the daughter of a Suffolk farmer, and her descriptions and anecdotes of the Suffolk folk, both lay and clerical, in die district round abont die old manor house ot Westerfield, near Ipswich, where her early yean were spent, deserve (says a London critic) to rank widi "Our Village" or the im mortal "Cranford." The parson as she knew him was very much as he is described in Joseph Arch's recollections. In other words, he "was no more fit to be a clergyman than to be dancing master to the Boyal Family." Be ferriug to die parson in her own village Miss Edwards says: —Of his numerous children one boy was particularly obstreperous at church. He would put bis mother's bonnet strings into her mouth when die poor woman drowsed during the long marital sermon, make wry faces at bis brothers and sisters, and other wise set diem a'titter. The family pew by immediately under the pulpit; but at last, die contagion of mischief proving irre- Bistible, die incorrigible youngster was im prisoned on the steps behind his father. On a summer afternoon hardly bad die final benediction escaped die preacher's lips when a tremendous blow resounded through the church. Everyone stared aghast. With a backhanded cuff toat might almost have felled an ox our rector had sont die unfortunate boy backwards, shouting for all to bear. "Hon dare you, sir, thus misbehave yourself when I am preaching God's word in the pulpit J" Doubtless a. highly effective moral lesson was intended. The result was that many church people betook themselves to chapel ever after." The communion service bad a very worldly Bogni?cance for some of die parishioners. "I do not know bow it may be in most country places, but in our village a curious custom prevailed. Toe wine used for com munion service was luscious Tent or Malaga, and what remained in die chalice was given to die aged poor who were present. The cere monial bad a peculiarly aristocratic character little according with die doctrine of Christian humility. No chamberlain more exactly as [ signed die rank of court visitors. First knelt the rector's wife and daughters and squire's family, next in order came the laqgrar or so-called gentlemen farmers and thtir womankind; following these the village shopkeepers and small tradesmen and tradeswomen; lastly, the laboring folk, gene rally i pitiable group, consisting of decrepit grandsires and crones just able to hobble. No 1 sooner had die solemn rite been administered than a sonorous deep-drawn quaffing was heard from die lower end of die rails, the poor old men and women gratefully swallowing die re mains of the wine. It might have been better to go through this little performance in die vestry. Anyhow, who can doubt that such a ' custom proved a snare? My nurse (the good woman lives and corresponds with me still) was returning from her own church one Sun day morning when she encountered a neighbor coming from his: it was Sacrament Sunday. •So, Master (laborers were called Master, never Mister) Smith, like me, I s'pose, yon have been to die table f 'Yes,' was the ruffled reply, •and I might ss well have stayed at home. I only got one d d drop!'" Another characteristic story is die follow ing:—"A young married couple had deter mined, forsome reason or other, to have their first born christened (.imply 'Fred.' The fancy was perhaps foolish, but tbe child's name certainly concerned its parents only. They would have nothing to do with Frederick, but only die monosyllabic pet name. This is die ecene I witnessed as a child. We were especially interested in little Fred, and had sent him iiis christening frock. Clergyman— * Namn this child '.' Mother, shyly—'Fred, sir.' Clergyman, roughly—"Frederick, you mean?* Mother, growing nervous, feeling that all eyes are upon her—'No, eir, Fred, if you please, sir.' Clergyman, with an impatient murmur and vicious splash of holy water —'Frederick, I baptise thee in die name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen.' As a matter of course, Fred's parents afterwards patronised the meeting-house." Rural ideas in thoee days had a stronger flavor of the unexpected than in our own edu cational times. But Miss Edwards calls to memory the tale of the rustic maiden who was invited to take a walk with her lover. "Ob, no!" she replied, without the slightest hesita tion, "it is not dark enough yet." Standards of conduct Miss Edwards remarks, differed in tbe middle of the century from those now generally accepted. " For instance, walking one day to Ipswich we met a laborer's wife and her two daughters, girls of 12 and 14. *bo, Mrs. P .' said my eldest sister, * you have been shopping? 'No, miss,'replied the good woman with an unmistakable air of self approval, ' but I am anxious to do my girls all die good I can, so I have just taken them to see a man hanged.'" Nothing strikes Miss Edwards more than the improvement in the education of girls since she herself attended a school near her home. Tbe discipline of those days is unheard of now. The victim in the following case was the daughter of a baker, whose education was paid for bv "daily cart loads of bread." She appears to have com mitted some offence which incurred social disapprobation:— "At 8 o'clock, just before bad-time,, all the girls marshalled by principal! and head governess, trooped down to the kitchea. /There, stripped naked, in I a tub, stood Rebecca H , exposed j I to the taunts and objurgations of the rest. For some minutes this disgraceful scene lasted, the chorus increasing in fury and volume. 'Oh, Rebecca! Oh, dirty, odious Rebecca! oil, < filtby Rebecca!' cried, howled, shouted these vicious lookers-on, the little naked figure bear ing her martyrdom in stolid silence. Not a tear, not a cry escaped her, very probably her feeling being one of intense thankfulness, amazement that vindictiveness ended here, and that she was not beaten within an inch of her life as well." 