WILL OF THE LATE FATHER LONG. By the courtesy of Mr. Charles M'Donnell (solici tor) we are able to give the details of the will of the late Father Thomas Long, of Lewisham, who is to have a ' memorial' in the beautiful parish church built by him ;— 'I appoint Louis Phillip Kelly, of Maruban-road, Mosmans Bay, near Sydney, the sole executor and trustee of this my will. I give the sum of one hundred pounds to be devoted to Masses for the repose of my soul and the repose of the souls of my parents and relatives, and I direct my said trustee to devote the said sum accordingly ; I give and be queath the sum. of two hundred pounds for the benefit of the funds of St. Thomas's Church, Lewi sham ; the sum of twenty pounds to William Darby and J, Cavanagh, both of Lewisham, for the bene fit of the poor of my parish of St. Thomas', Lewi sham ; I direct my said trustee to expend the sum of ten pounds in the purchase of volumes and leaf lets of the Catholic Truth Society for the benefit of the said parish of St. Thomas', Lewisham ; I give and bequeath to the Brothers in charge of the Christian Brothers' Parochial School, Lewisham, the sum of ten pounds in purchasing the necessary school books for children attending the said school whose parents are in indigent circumstances ; ten pounds to the Altar Society of St. Thomas' Church, Lewisham; ten pounds in augmentation of the funds of the Sacred Heart Society for decoration and painting of sanctuary in St. Thomas' Church, Lewisham ; ten pounds to Richard Darby, the son of William Darby, Denison-road, Lewisham; ten pounds to the first son of J. Cavanagh, of Lewi sham ; fifty pounds to the Sisters of the Little Com pany of Mary, Lewisham ; ten pounds for the Hospital for Women and Children, Lewisham ; ten pounds for St. Patrick's Home for the Blind, Lewisham ; tec pounds to the funds of St. Magda lene' s Refuge, Tempe ; ten pounds to the funds of the Deaf and Dumb Institution, Waratah, in charge of the Dominican Sisters ; ten pounds to Sister Mary Catherine Ryan, of St. Mary's Dominican Convent, Kingstown, Dublin, Ireland ; ten pounds to Mother Mary Paul, of the Convent of Mercy, Wilcannia, New South Wales : ten pounds to the Sisters of the Presentation Convent, Wagga Wagga; ten pounds to the Sisters of Mercy, Yass ; ten pounds to the Sisters of the Carmelite Order, located at the Warren, Tempe; ten pounds to the funds of the African Mission, conducted by the Fathers of the Holy Ghost ; ten pounds to the missionaries labour ing for the conversion of the native races, Australia; to my late housekeeper, Mrs. Cooney, the sum of ten pounds ; five pounds to the sacristan of St. Thomas' Church, Bernard Muldoon ; to Mrs. Beck hurst, of Leichhardt the sum of three pounds ; to Mrs. Wikeham, of Constitution-road, Peter sham, the sum of three pounds ; to Mrs. Carroll, of Little Toothill-street, Lewisham, the sum of three pounds ; to the Rev. Father Piquet, of St. Patrick's Church, Sydney, the sum of ten pounds ; I give and bequeath to my fellow -priest, Father Prendergast, of Lewisham, the sum of ten pounds ; and residue estate to my executor, the said Louis Phillip Kelly, to be disposed of as he shall think fit, feeling confident that he will devote the same to such charitable objects as seem to him most deserving or needful. This is a codicil to the last will and testament : — I revoke the bequests in my will contained of Ten Pounds each to my late housekeeper. Mrs. Conney, and Father Prendergatst, and of five pounds to Bernard Muldoon, the Sacristan of St. Thomas' Church, Lewisham I give and bequeath to the Hospice for the Dying connected with St. Vincent's Hospital, Sydney, the sum of ten pounds ; I give and bequeath the sum of ten pounds to St. Mary's Cathedral Building Fund ; I give and bequeath the sum of five pounds to the present Sacristan of St. Thomas' Church, Lewisham. In all other respects I confirm my said Will in witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand this 22nd July, a.d , 1898. 