PROFESSION AND RECEPTION. CEREMONY AT THE CONVENT. An impressive and pleasing ceremony took place yesterday in the pretty little Chapel of the Sisters of Mercy. The young lady who made her final vows was Miss Josephine Treacy (in religion Sister Mary Scholasticas) and those ladies received were Miss Tessie Monahan (in religion Sister Mary Vincent) and Miss S. Coughlin (in religion Sister Mary Stanislaus). The ceremony was performed by the Most Rev. Dr. Reville, O.S.A., Co-adjutor Bishop of Sandhurst, assisted by the Rev. E. J. Madden (Pyramid), Very Rev. Prior Coleman and Prior O’Hanlon (Rochester), Rev. Father Goidanich (Swan Hill), Very Rev. Dr. Barry and Rev. N. Crane (Bendigo). A beautiful and appropriate sermon was preached by Rev. E. J. Madden, who took for his text the words: — “For they are virgins: these follow the Lamb wherever He goeth,” Apoc. 14th chapter, 4th verse. The preacher said that among the group of varied and magnificent visions that rose and passed in rapid succession before the prophetic eye of St. John in the island of Patmos, there is none which exhibits the beautiful features of the Catholic church more strikingly than the one I have just selected. In glancing at the other parts of the mysterious picture we feel we cannot remove the obscurity in which they are shrouded, or relieve our minds from the terror in which they are invested. But no sooner do we contemplate this peaceful and hallowed scene of thousands of virgins of either sex forming the nearest and brightest circle of the sainted spirits by which the throne of this Lamb is surrounded, and filling the soul with the harmony of their heavenly Canticles than our fears give way to the joy which such a scene inspires. There is a scene of which the world could not form the faintest idea before the coming of Christ. Far from aspiring to the practice of this pure virtue, the world was steeped in sensuality, and though some were not unmindful of the charms of virginity, it was deemed a state of perfection almost beyond human attainment. Even among the Jewish people, though held in estimation, it was in a degree far inferior to that in which it ranks amongst Christians, and it belonged to the Catholic Church, and the Catholic Church only to unfold it in all its beauty. Yes, every cause must produce corresponding effects, and though human nature, laden with its primitive corruption, could never exhibit the heroic virtue to which I would draw your attention ; the descent of the Holy Ghost purified the whole mass; and from the time that a Virgin Mother gave to the world the mysterious birth of Her Divine Son, the same divine spirit has marked its peculiar complacency for these virtues by endowing thousands with constancy and courage to consecrate to God the virtues of their virginity. This with the kindred virtues of poverty and obedience are the portion of every good religious. The religious state is modelled on the life of Christ and His apostles, who by word and example recommended it as a state of superior merit, sanctity and perfection. St. Augustine, who was the founder in Africa as St. Basil was in Asia, and St. Benedict in Europe, asserts that Christ was its founder, from the words which He addressed to the rich young man who came to Him, and asked Him what he should do in order to be saved, and our Lord, answering, said to him, “ If thou wouldst be perfect, go sell all that thou hast and give to the poor, and come and follow Me." To leave all things without following Christ is the virtue of a Pagan philosopher, to follow Christ without leaving all things is the lot of the generality of Christians, but to leave all things and follow Christ is the portion of the religious, and as St. Thomas tells us that to whatever state God has called us, He will give us the necessary graces for the fulfilment of its obligations, so He will give to the faithful religious abundant graces for the sanctity of that state. In a religious state there are less dangers, less difficulties, less temptations and great helps, more copious graces and more frequent opportunities of mercy. The constant example of virtue, the edifying models of piety, the spiritual exercises, the pious lectures, the frequent devotions, the daily meditation, the monthly and yearly retreats, nay, the very air of the convent itself serves to inspire heavenly sentiments, and to promote the practice of good works. There they live more purely, sayst Bernard, they fall more rarely, they rise more speedily, they are aided more frequently, and they die more securely. Whilst the children of the world are occupied in the amassing of wealth, the pursuit of pleasure and the indulgence of passion, the religious within the convent walls spend their time in works of charity, prayer and self denial. They count all things as nought that they may gain Christ, As St. Paul says, “They have nothing, and possess everything.” Love not the world, nor those things that are in the world, for the world passeth away and the concupiscence thereof. To the threefold root of sin—the concupiscence of the flesh, the concupiscence of the eyes, and the pride of life—the religious oppose the three virtues of voluntary poverty, perfect chastity and entire obedience. By the vow of poverty they sacrifice the external goods of fortune; by chastity the body with its sensual appetites and by holy obedience, their liberty, will, judgment and understanding. Poverty, according to St. Thomas, is the basis of the religious life. It is the first of the Beatitudes and recommended by Christ to the rich young man. Poverty does not consist in the actual want of earthly goods and possessions, but in the disengagement of the will and affections from worldly goods, and an inward resolve to part with everything for the good of the community. Impressed with the truth of the words of St. Paul; “For they that will because rich fall into temptation, and into the snare of the devil, and into many improfitable and hurtful desires, which drown men into destruction and perdition. For the desire of money is the root of all evils, which some coveting, have erred from the faith and have entangled themselves in many sorrows." The fathers of the church have written volumes in praise of virginity. St. Cyprian calls virgins the most illustrious portion of the flock of Christ, They are compared to angels in human bodies, and to palms planted by the water side, for their souls waters by the grace of God bring forth all the fruits of virtue. St Francis de Sales calls chastity the lily of all the virtues, the ornament of the body and the beauty of the soul, whereby those who through motives of virtue lead a single and chaste life resemble the elect of God. By this virtue they enter into espousal with our Divine Lord, as is so beautifully expressed in the language of their dedication. Christ Himself in choosing a virgin for His mother, and in His special love for St John, also, St. Paul, by word and example, have shown their predeliction for the virtue. The third of the vows which religious take is holy obedience. St. Thomas calls it the chief of the three vows. Great is poverty, greater is chastity, but the greatest is obedience. It was by the sin of disobedience that our first parents forfeited their right to the kingdom of heaven and entailed upon themselves and their posterity such sad consequences. The virtue of obedience is therefore the, most important of all the obligations contracted by religious, and the very foundation of every religious community. It repairs the breach caused by the turbulence of self- will, and restores that order and peace that marks the movements of bodies, which are guided by a wise intelligence. Had not man in the perverse use of his freedom forced himself from the path of obedience, the moral world would have exhibited the same silent harmony which we admire throughout all nature, where all the heavenly bodies in their respective orbits obey with wonderful harmony the first law imposed on them by their Maker. It is no wonder, then, that obedience should be made the first step in man's reconciliation. Hence, St. Jerome remarks that self will and Christian virtue are like numerical quantities, so placed in relation to each other, that in proportion as you take from, your own will, you add to the stock of Christian perfection, and St. Bernard, who was the oracle of the Christian world in his day says, "Destroy self will, and hell itself is annihilated," and St. Basil, one of the fathers of monastic life, ordained that all religious guilty of disobedience should be separated from the body, like persons covered with a leprosy, lest they should spread over the community the contagion of their disorders. Such are the virtues which you will be called upon to practice in the holy state to which God has called you and which you have voluntarily embraced to-day. It is a holy state, a perfect state. It is a state which has sprung out of the bosom of the Catholic Church, which has been rocked in its cradle, which has grown with its growth, and expanded with its mature years, which has withstood the many tempests of time and persecution. The order to which you belong was founded by St. Brigid who may be justly called the foundress of the religious state in Ireland, who was almost a contemporary of the national saint of that holy isle, and who received the holy habit from St. Mil, one of his disciples. She bad the happi- ness during her lifetime of seeing the conventual life established all over the land. Her followers have carried the example of their holy foundress and the blessings of Catholicity into every known land, and here, thank God, under the shadow of the Southern Cross, and in this diocese especially, they are doing a noble work for God. There was a large assemblage of guests including the Hon. J. H. Abbott, M.L.C.; Cr. Ryan, Messrs. J. G. Edwards, J. F. O’Dwyer, M. Tally, M, L. O’Brien, C. Mundelein, J. F. Gleeson, P. J. Conlon, as well as numerous relatives and friends of the Sisters. The ceremony was followed with great interest by all present, and at its conclusion an adjournment was made to the hall of the new college, where all partook of an excellent dejeuner. Dr. Reville, who presided, proposed a vote of thanks to the Sisters for the kindly manner in which the requirements of the visitors were catered for. Father Madden and Prior Coleman responded on their behalf. His lordship then proposed the health of the visitors, the toast being heartily honored and responded to by Messrs, J. G. Edwards and J. F. O’Dwyer. Several other toasts were honored, and the company then separated. 