A GHOST STORY. It was son e years sgp, while I was stopping at the hotel iu Lawton. a little village in one of. the Wof-tern States of America, that the fol lowing incident occurred : Oue eveuing, after finishing my supper, I started for my room, which was on the second Boor. Bnd, as I passed the reading-room, my attention was attracted bv the excited tones of some one withiD, who seemed to be relating a story Just then a man opened the door, and I caught the words, ' The ghost then made a leap.' My curiosity was excited, and, pushing open the door, I euterod. Iu the centre of the floor stood a young fellow, with white hair and loDg, lanky legs, who was telling, with great earnest ness, of how he had passed a cave, about a ratio from tte vislnge, called the ' Ghost'o Cave ' by the inhabitants of Lawtbn, who firmly believed that a spirit had taken up his abode in tho gloomy cavern ' The ghost made a leap,' the fellow was saying as I entered, ' and gave an awfnl find of yelping scream, and then ran back into the cave bowling and moaning fearfully. I was bo scared that I just picked up and run — run all the way to the village here. Tell you, nothing could gbt ms to go back there agqin ?' Of .course, be was the hero of the occasion, and a a the ciowd pre.-sed around him, I turned to a man sitting near me to make some inquiries. It seemed that the young fellow, whose name was Waters, had been over to see an uncle, who lived two milt s away, aud beiug de layed in getticg off be was overtaken by dark ness while yet some distance from the village. His path led by the ghost's' cave, and, although he had half a uolion to go around by another road, he at last ' biaced up,' as the man expressed it, aud moved on. As he ncared the rave he saw the ghost sitting in the en trance, its two red eyes glariug down at bim in a frightful manner. Waters was almost dead with fright, bnt he maoaged to pick up a stone and fllDg it at the white object. Whether be hit it or not be oonld not tell, but, an any rate, tbe object gave an ' awful Bcream,' and dis appeared. ' I rcckm you don't want to gs back there ag'in to-night,' ssid one of the meu, with a grin. ' No, sir, 1 don't,' replied the young man de cidedly. ' And I'll venture to say,' he added, 'that tlere isn't a man in this room that's brave enough to visit the cave to- night.' No oue said anything for a moment, wheD the silence was broken by a little black-i yed fellow iu the corner, who spoke in a low, quiet voice : ' I am not afiaid to go back to the cave, aud I'll Dot only visit it, but niil ixplore it, and Bud out what this ghost, as you call it, is before I return.' Everyone looked at the man in astonisbmen as he rose from bis seat and left tbe room; and, bs the door closed behind him, he was oom mi-nted ou w tbout mercy. ? The uixt morning 1 met the landlord in tbe hail, nid askt il him about the' mau' who had goi e to vi-il the ghost's cave — if he had dis covered anything. ' Yes,' said the landlord, as be led the way iuto the dining-room ; ''this man went out to tbe cave— seems he knew pretty uear where it was— aBd sat down ou a log to rest and look about a hit. Directly the ghost came out, and, seating iisclf near tbe entrance of the cave, began to howl. The m»n — whose name, by tbe way. is Samuel Fleming — raised bis gun at tbis moment aDd fired. The white thing uttered an awful yell, aud jumped straight up in the air at least ten feet, but, when it fell, it lay motion less od tbe ground. Fleming then went up aud examined tbe ghost, and what eio j i.u think it was ? It was nothing more thsD a white wolf — a coyote — which hsa its den in the cave.' 