SERMON FOR SUNDAY. God Ambng the Orchards. By Rev. Dr. Talnaoe, Tlio fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind.— 01-11.1:11. ' It is Wednesday morning in Paradise. The birds did not sing thoir opening piece, nor tlio fish tako tlioir first, swim, until tho following Friday. Tho solar and luuiir lights did' not break through the thick/chaotic fog "of tho world's manufacture until Thursday. Beforo that there was light, hut it wus olbotrio light or pliospharoscent.light, not tho -light of sun or moon. But tlio botanical and pomologicnl productions came on Wednes day— first tho flowers, and then tho fruits. There stood tlio first orchard,' with a porfeo- tiou of rind, and an exquisitoness of colour, and -a- lasoiuusncss of taste, nnd' an aSluenoo of, production . wldoti if may tako thousands of." years more of study of tho science of fruits to reproduce. What must the first orchard have beonf And yet it is tho explorer's uvidetico that on tho site of that orchard tliero is not uu apricot or an apple, or an olive— nothing hut desert and desolation. Tliero is nut ouongh to forago the explorer's horse, much less to feed his own hunger. Iu utlier words, that first orchard'1 is a lost orchard. How did the proprietor and tlio proprietress of all thut intercohimniation of fruitage let tho rloli splendour slip their . possession f It was .as now most ot thn orehurds are lost — namely, by wuiiting more. Access tliey lirid to all the fig trees, apricots, wuhmls, uliuonds. apples- bushels ou busbols— and were forbidden the uso of only ono tree iu tho orchard. Not .satisfied; with all. but one, tliey reached for tlmt, and lost tho wholo orchard. Go right down through tho business marts of tlio great cities uud find among the woighors and elorks rind subordinates mon who once coniinundod tlio coinmcrciul world. They lmd a wholo orchard: of successes, hilt tliey wanted just one mure thing— ouo moro house, or ouo mora country seat, or ono inoro store, or ono 'mbto railroad, - or ono more million. Thoy clutched for that, and lost all thoy hud gained. For one more tree tliey lost a wholo orchard, Thoro are business men nil around us worried nearly to dcatli. Tho doctor tolls them thoy ought to stop. Insomnia, or indigestion, or iiching nt tho base oi tlio bruin, or ungovern able nerves tell them they ought to stop. Tliny really have enough for themselves and tlicir families. Talk with them about theirovur- work, and urgo more prudonco mid longer rest, und they say, " Yes, you arc right : after I lmvo accomplished ono inoro thing that. I lmvo oil my nrind, I will hand ovor iny busi ness to my sons and go to Europo, and quit tho kind of exhausting li fo I havo been living for the lust 39 years." Sonic morning you open your pnpor, mid, looking nt tlie 'death column, you find ho suddenly departed this life ; trying to win just ono moro tree, lie lost the orchard. .The orchard of Edou. Yon see wlmt an expenrive tiling is sin. It costs a thousand times moro than it is worth. As some uf ull kinds of quadrupeds and nil kinds .. of winged creatures xaissod \- before our progenitor that lio might imnouiioo a name, from eaglo to bat, and from lion to mole, so I suppose tliero wcro in Fnrndiso specimens of uvcry kind of fruit trau. And in that enormous orchard tiioro was net only onongh for tho original family of two, lmt enough fruit foil ripo to tho ground, and was nover picked up, to snpply whole towns nnd vitiligos, if, thoy lmd oxistcd. But tho infatuated couplo turned uwuy from all these other trees arid faced this tree ; and fruit of that thoy will have, though it cost thorn all Pm-adiso. 'I his story of Eden is rejected by some as an improbability, if not .nn impossibility ; hut nothing on oarth is rosier for mo (o bcliovo . than the truth of this Edcniu story, for I lmvo seen tlio siuno thing ' in this year of our -Lord. I could call thorn by uiimo, if it wero politic or righteous to do so, tho men wlio havo . sacrificed a paradise oil earth mid a paradise in heaven fur one sin. Thoir Iioiisd went. Their good name went. Their field of usefulness went. Tlieir health wont. Thoir immortal soul wont. My friouds, thoro is just ono sin tlmt will tnru you out of punidiso if you do not quit it. You know what, it is, und God,, knows, und you had hotter drop tlio hand uud arm lifted,- toward that bending bough before: you pluck "your oiviiruin. \- Bat I turn nt. (his point from Adam's orchard to Solomon's orchard. Willi his own hand lie writes, "I nmdo mo gardens and orehurds." Not doponding ou tlio natural fall of rain ho irrigated those or chards. No orchard . of olden or modern timo, probably, ovor had its thirst so well slaked. Tlio largest of tlioso reservoira is 582 feet long, 207 feet wide, mid 69 feob (loop. Tlioso reservoirs Solomon refers to when ho suyo, " I made mo pools of water to wilier therewith tbo wood that briugctli forth trees." Solomon used t'd ridii out to that orchard beforo brenkfast! It. gavo him un uppotite and something to think about ull'Uio day. Joseplms, tho historian, represents him as going out "early iu tho morning from Jerusalem to tho fumed rooks of Etuni, a fortilo region, delightful with paradisus and .running springs. Thither tho king, in robes of white, rodo in his eliuriot, escorted by a troop of mounted archers chosen for tlicir youth nnd stature, and clad in Tyriiin purple, whose long hair, powdered with gold dust, sparkled iu tlio sun." After Solomon, bud taken his morning rido in these luxuriant oiolmrds. ho would sit down and writo tboso wonderful things iu tlio Bible, drawing liis illustrations from tho , fruits ho ' laid plucked or ridden under. Aud wishing to praiso tho coming . Christ, ho suys, " As tho applo troo among tho trees of tho wood, so is my Beloved " ; mid wishing to deseribe tho love of tho uhtiroh for hor Lord, ho writes, -"Comfort mo with apples, for I am sick of lovo " ; mid desiring to miiko rol'crunco to thri wliilo lmir of tho octo genarian, and just beforo having noticed that the blussoniH of tho almond troo woro white, lie says of tlie aged man, "Tlio almond tree shall flourish." Tho walnuts, und thepoine- grmmtcs, and the mandrakes, and the figs muko Solomon's writings u Divinoly-urrangod fruit haskobi What menu Solomon's orchards rind Solomon's gardens P For tlioy seem to ininglo, tlie two into one— flowers underfoot, mid pomegranates overhead. To mo tliey suggest that religion is a luxury. Tho world looks upon religion chiefly as a diro necessity, —a lifeboat from tlie shipwreok, a Inddcr from tlio conflagration, u soft landiiig-plauo aftorwo havo been shoved off tho prcmpioo of. this planet. As a oonscqueiico so many have said,.- ".Wo will await preparation for Bio 'futuro until tlio orash of loo shipwreck, until the conflagration is iu full hluzo, until wo roach tho brink of tbo precipice." No doubt religion is inexpressibly important for tho last oxlgenoy; -But what (lo tho apples, and 'figs, and. tho melons, nnd tho pomegranates, and tlio oitroas, nnd tho olives of Solomon's orolmrd ineuu ? Luxury I They mean . that our religion is the luscious, tho aromatic, tlio pungent,, tho nrborcsoout, tho offlorosoout,, tho foltagcd, the. umbrageous. Thoy mean whut Edward Payroll' muuut whon ho do- ulurud, "If my huppincss continues to in crease I cannot support it muoh lougor." You Blink religion. is u good thing for u funornl. . Qh, ' yes. But Solomon's -orolmrd moans inoro. lteligionis a good tiling now, when you'oro in health and prosperity, mid tho appetite is good for citrons, und apples, and apricots, and pomegranates, (tamo in, wiUiout wasting any timo in talkiug about thorn, and tako tho luxurios of religion. Hnppy yourself, thou yon can mako others huppy. Make just one person huppy every day, mid in twenty years you -will havo mudo soven thousand three hundred people linppy. I like what Welling ton said after tho buttlo of Waterloo, mid when he was in pursuit of tho Fronoli with his advunoo guard, and Colonel Ilurvey said to liim, " General, you laid hotter not go uuy fnrtlior, for you may bo shot ut by some straggler from' the bushes." And Wellington' replied, " Lot thorn firo uway. Tho battle is won, mid my lifo is of uu valuo now." But, having introduced you to Adam's orolmrd, und curried you iiwhilo through Solomon's orchurd, I want to tako it walk with you through Plluto's orolmrd of throo trees, on u hill, soventy foot high, tan minutes' wulk from tho gate of Jorusulom. After I had. road tliut, our grout- gruiidfuBior and great-gfandmotlior hud heou driven out of the first orohurd, 1 nmdo up my mind that .'tho L(ird would not bo dofentod in that way. Lsiiid to mysolf that whon thoy hud boon poisoned by tho fruit of that one. treo, some where, somehow, there would, bo provided uri antidoto for tnc poison. 1 said. "Wncro is tho other tree tlmt; will undo tlio work oi runt tree ? Where is tho other orchard , tlmt will repair the dnrauge received in tho first orchard ? And -I rend pit until I - found- tho orolmrd, its centre troo us mighty for cure as this ouo had been for ruin : ana as tlio. ono treo in Adam's orchurd had its brandies laden with tho red frriit of carnage,, aud the pnlo fruit of suffering, and tlio spotted fruit of decay, und the bitter fruit of disappointment, I found in _ Pilate's orchard a troo wliioli, though stripped of all its leaves und struok througli by un iron bolt ns long us your ni-ni, nevertheless bore tho richest fruit over gathered. Liko the trees of tho first orchurd, this wns planted, blossomed, and boro fruit all iu one day. Paul wus imprilsivo and vehement, of nature, und ho laid hold of that treo with both arms, and shook it till the ground 'ull round looked like un orohurd tho morning after tut autumnal gale ; and, careful lest hp step on' soino of the fruit, gathered up a basketful of it fur tho Gutatians, crying out, "Tlio fruit of tho Spirit is lovo, joy, peace, long-siiffor- ing, gontlcnoss) goodness, faith, meekness, temperance." The other two trees of -Pilato's orolmrd wcro loaded, tho one with tho hurd fruits of obduracy, and tho other with tho tender fruit of repentance, -but tbo centre tree of that orchard yields tlio uutidote for tbo poisoned nations. Thoro is iu old Englnnd tlie hollow of a tree whore a king hid, and tiioro is in now England a tree in which a document of national importuneo wiis kept' iiiviolato : and tliero havo been trees of groat girth, and immense shado, and vast wealth of fruitage, but no other treo laid such valuo of reminiscence, ur depth of root, or spread of branch, ns tlio centra tree of Pilato's orchard. Beforo I puss this day from under it I would liko to drop on both" knees and, with both hands outspread and uplifted towards the heitvciis, cry out with nil. tho untioiis of oiirth mul heaven: "I believe ill God, tho Father Almighty, Milker, of honvon mid onrtli, and in Jesus Christ, His only Son. our Lord, who was cuiKjoivod by tho Holy Ghost, horn of tho Virgin Mary, sufforcd undor Pontius Filnto, wns crucified, dead, and buried. He dcscondcd into hell, 'i'lio third day Ho roso from tho dead, lio ascended into heaven, and sittelli on tho right hand of Gcd tho Father Almighty. From thoiico Tin shull come to judgo tho quick mill tho dead." St. John's orohurd is tho next I will tako you into, und I will stop tliero. for having seon that, you will want to sco nothing more. St. John himself, hav ing seen tlmt orchard, discharged a whole volloy of Coma ! Como ! Coma ! mul then pronounced the boncdiatioii : " Tho grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, ho with you nil. Amen." Then tho banished evangelist closes tlio honk, and the Bible is done. Tho dear old Book opened with Adam's orchard and closes with St. John's orchurd. St. John went into his orolmrd Buouyli a stone gate, tho black basalt of the Isle of Patnios, to which lie had' bean oxiled. ' That urchurd which ho saw ivus arid is in lioavon. One person will err in speaking of licavon as all material, and another person describes henvou as nil tho figurative and spiritual, and botfi are wrong. Heaven is both material ami snirituul, us we are Until material and spirituul. White muoh of tho Bible account of henven is to bo taken figiirativcly and spiritually, it is plain to mo that heaven has ulso a material existence. . Christ said. " I go to prepare a plueo for you." Is not a placu material ? God, who has dono all tlio world-building, tlio statistics of stats so vast us to ho a bewilderment to telescopes, could huvc piled up n tremendous world to inuko the Bihlo heaven true, both as a" I material' splendour and a spiritual . domain. I do iiot boliuvo God put all the' flowers, and nil the' precious atones, and illl tho bright motals, nnd nil the music, and all tlio. foun tains, .nnd nil tho orchards in this littlo world of ours. How much was literal and liow' much was figurative I uumiut sny ; but St.. John saw two rows of trees on caoli side of a river, aud it differed from other orchards in. the fniit that the trees bore tivelvo manner of fruits. Tho leurnod translators of ourcomnioii Bible suy it means twolvu different kinds of fruits in ono your. Albert Barnes says it means twelve crops of tlio sumo kind of fruit iiiorioyerir. Not abln to deeitld which is tho moro iiecurnto translation, I adopt- both. If it means twolvo different kinds of fruit, it declares variety in heavenly joy. It' it means twolvo crops of tlio fame kind of fruit, it declares abuiiuanen in heavenly joy. And tliey nru both true. Now, you inuy lmvo streota of gold iu heaven ; give mo thu orehurds, witli twelve manlier of fruits, yielding thoir fruit ovorv month ; and the leaves of tho trees aro for " tho healing of tho nations ; nnd thoro shall bo no moro curso, but tho throne of God and of tbo Lamb shall bo in it ; uud His servants shall serve Him : and thoy shall sen His faee ; and His nuinu shall bo iu their foreheads ; and tliero shall be mi night there, and tliey ncod no uuudie, neither light of the sun, for the Lord God givelh thorn light ; and thoy shull roigu for over uiul over." Little Billio : " Mayn't I stay up, inn, mid hear Mr. Smith sing ? " (Mr. Snath sings.) Littlo Billio (going ohcerfnlly) : "I'd as soon 'uvo bin in bod." . . 