SHAKESPEARE ON THE "BIKE." Shakespeare, it would seem, must have known something about the bicycle, for throughout his plays he makes frequent references to the wheel. It must be that Hatulet'a father had visited a. bicycle academy where beginners on the wheel were plenty, for liia Ghost Mid- We^t a f ollin£ off xna there! This most excellent description is paralleled by another in the same play,- in which reference is made to an accident, the new woman of the early sixteenth century being evidently the greatest sufferer. The first player says— Break all the spoke* and femes from her wheel Then the Fool in **I«ar" fives advice to coasters, of the merits of wEich the modem rider may judge for himself. He says:— Let go thy hoM when a creat wheel run down bin, lest it bresK toy neck with following it Even Cleopatra had her wheel. Antony advises her to mount it and seek Cesar when he says:— Of Oesar seek yonr honor, with your " safety." There were evidently bicycle thieves in those days, and owners had to carefully guard their precious wheels. In the "Tempest" Alonzo says to the King:— We, too, my lord. TV7I! guard your peraon while you take yonr rest. And watch your "safety." In that same play Ariel undoubtedly heard the King and his attendants coming on their wheels when she sang:— Hark! Xiotr I bear Uiem ; ding-dong b?TL There is so doubt that Achilles in "Troilos and Cressida, -travelled on a bicycle, for he cays to his myrmidons:— Attend me while I wheel. It is safe to assume that, as to-day the wheel is a. never-ending source of conversation, so was it at. the time of Titus Androntcus. though the listener was more patient then. Aaron says to Dumetrius:— Now talk at pleasure of vonr **safety." It appears from a quotation made by the Kinc in -All's Well that Ends Well" that the law required lamps to be carried at night, and that a violation of it was followed by death. He rays:— Let me live after my name lacks on. Chains were not noiseless, and bells were used in the days of the "Comedy of Errors/1 as is shown by a conversation between the Dromio of Syracuse and Adrians, which rans thus :— A chain, a chain, do you not hear it? What, the chain? No, no, the belL The availability of wheels in dangerous service is illustrated in ** Coriolanns," when the winged messenger says to Cominios:— Epics of the VoUce. Held me m chage. that I was forced to wheel Three or f oar miles about; else hid, sir, Hslf as hour since brought my report The tire of which Shakespeare wrote was ev|. dently filled with hair instead of air, and eves its color was of importance. In "Much Ado About Nothing," Margaret says z — i like the new tire within excellently, if the fufr wan a thought browner. Pock's prophetic remarks about placing a girdle round the world in 40 minutes is fully equalled by that of Launce in the "Two Gentlemen of Verona." lie Bays: — Then, may I set the world on wheels. Surely tliie prophecy has been fulfilled.— Invention. 