SfBHefRilANCE. A Hermits Jome. . Story of 'Self-saeriflee. Half ; hidden in the wood and brush which skirts the. hills, of .Clifton .Heights, St. Louis, deep dqwn In the hollows ;of those self-same. hillsrSSid the good_ part of a mile from any other-liuman habltation," there is, below the sight of passers-by,' according to the St. Louis '.'Republic," the huriible habitation of a her mit. This is, -perhaps, a : quarter" of a mile from Elizabeth-streeti and lies between It and SulllVan-avenue. The man who lives there In a well-worn, and patched tent is Fritz Hollenberg, artist, army ofllcer, graduate- of -Heidelberg, and; man- of books. ' But although such accom plishments count in the world in which most men llve.fthey mean but nothing in the exist ence of a solitary man, whose oriljf friends are those whose works he reads: For eight years,- years wlilch have been as. mile stones along the, stretch of life, Holleri-' berg has lived there'.'. The snows of winter and tlie. summer's, showers have fallen on him alike; he lias, marlted each year as ;a monu ment which " . TELLS OF DYING SORROWS, and which may be forgot ere years again roll . round,- ' The story of Fritz- Hollenberg Is a -story whose motive is as-uneominoii as it- is noble. It is a story of sacrifice.' And as heroic ac tions are always readable to those who do not perform them,- it -is worth a book. But in it self it is very. simple; it- is' such a thing as is expected to 'come to any man In books. Twelve years ago 'Hollenberg was the cap tain of a regiment which was stationed in Berlin. His promotion had been due to his gallant conduct during the. Franco-Prussian war, and that, together with the name his family bore— his father having been a mm: much respected In his village — arid the goodly fortune he left him, had made the captain a man well thought- of- by- both- his fellow offi cers in the army and his friends. In Captain Hollenberg's regiment there was a young lieutenant— a'- fellow whose promo tion was due solely to .the fact that he came of royal family. - He was a handsome bov, having then riot turned 20, and with that air which women seeiri to like. He had been several times at the captairi's house, as was natural, as the officer of the regiment is sup posed to give many, dinners, and he often call ed there ivheri duty was 'riothls sponsoi'.' But although these: call's may have caused somelalk among the officers and their wives, the thought that they. w.er'e wrong never en tered the lieiid of Captain Hollenberg. To him they lia'd no' moaning other than that they lilted each other!s society, and to him that was agreeable, . for1', he loved his wife dearly, and that which ; contributed to her pleasure was . ' HAPPINESS TO HIM. But one day," asleep In his library, he was aroused by voices. They, thinking he, was not in the house, "were '.talking louder than they presumed,' iind frorii their own lips he learned the secret -of the: guilty pair. Beside lilin, on the table, "lay his; revolvers, which he had removed - when he silt: down. His eyes wandered- towards -theirt ' nervously: but he said nothing.; For; half an-' hour he remained IhcKf in (silent meditation; then lip arose, and, taking the wenpons- in' his hand, wept into the adjoining, room, ' fvjiere they were. - His appearance.. was like that of a ghost. Both cowered" .in it' corner, 'expecting instant death. He told; them .what he had over heard, but he- dUT. not seek to end the life, of either. He-looked at. them for an Instant, then turned'and walked out, never speaking a word;' T Haitian hour .later he left the house with out passing a word witfi lils wife. He knew she ioved- another, and. that was sufficient for him. v Two days, after the papers chron icled the fact that he had committed suicide, hi:; </.othes hnvjng been forind beside the bank uf a lake;' Doubtless his wife and her com- pnnion thirik' so- to this day, but he has for given' them— if people., may : be forgiven for lovir.g— arid tli'ey are. forgotten. Such is the simply story of Captnin Hollen- heig. Leaving; Berlin, he w'ent at once to a sea -coast town! , whence lie came to America. The first few irion ths He: spent: in ithe Adiron- datks. Then he removed to St. Louis, where ho has lived- 'in . the same place his present at ode now occupies." ' He is a. great/reader, and from the books he gathers the 'only, comradeship which he clrsli es. He has 'never-heard from home nor diiesvhe care to.'arid he lives all alone with his companions— books. ' He lives by pennies picked up; from' sundry jobs nnd does not care to do more thari live. Talking he has .a mi st interesting way? although he dislikes to discuss himself, ana what he snys is most ly the rambling talk of one who thinks more deeply than he speaks. ' 