ITEMS OF INTEREST. Mr. \V. H. Traill, protectionist, said at Balmain the other night that " he would not relieve the capitalists — who were plotting to capture the protectionist party — of the land and income taxes for 50 seats in Parliament." Straight. There is a Sydney criminal nicknamed " Box o' Matches.' He was once con victed through some tobacco of a new brand which he had stolen with other goods. His confederates named liiui 'Box o' Matches' he was 'given away with a plug of tobacco.' There was a certain griin logic about the burglar who, sentenced in Sydney the other day to five, years penal servitude, remarked to the Judge that whilo he (the burglar) had been sentenced to five years for a petty theft, a bank manager, who some time ago stole £40,000, only got four years. A young banker, a victim in an hotel robbery lately in the metropolis, found himself in a rather ludicrous position in the morning when he discovered that the thief had decamped with the only, pair of boots and trousers he had with him, us he was only a visitor at the hotel. Fortun ately he hud friends at no great distance who were easily communicated with, and he had no difficulty in replenishing his wardrobe. One of the best things for cleaning boy's hands is sand soap. It may be made at home, and so made is cheaper and better than any which can be pur chased. Scrape or cut into small pieces any pure soap, and melt it. As soon as the soup is melted, take the dish front the fire and stir into the mixture clean, dry, sea sand that has been heated. Use nearly as much sand as you have snap. As soon as the mixture is cool enough to handle, roll it into balls between the palms of the hands, and put the balls in a dark cool place to harden und dry. Near the city of St. Charles, Minnesota, resides a sleeping wonder in the person of Hermann Harms, who has spent nearly every hour during the last eighteen or twenty years in unconscious slumber. . Mr. Harms has a family, und although much money has been spent for the best of medical treatment and advice, no doctor has yet been found who has been able to break the spell under which the sleeper rests. He is given food, but seems only partially aroused when being fed, and on being left alone at once again drops off to sleep. . The story of a very narrow escape is related by Captain Macfar|ane, .of the King's Own Scottish Borderers, who has just returned to Pindi. The gallant officer, who is in hospital suffering from bad gunshot wounds in his. arm, received during the storming of the Malakand Pass, relates that while the Borderers were forcing their way up under a storm of shot a man near him was hit heavily in the chest and fell to the ground. Ho run to his assistance, and on opening his belts, which were half cut away by the shot, discovered the bullet buried in a Bible which the soldier had carried in his bosom, and thus saved his life. The man had been. ill in hospital at Pindi some time before, and one of the nursing sisters had given him the Bible. A Windsor Chinaman, rescued, with his cart, from a perilous position, after having been capsized while crossing a bridge at flood time, was so overjoyed that he rushed at the man who saved him, and kissed and embraced hiiu passionately, the amusing performance lastiug several minutes. After righting matters, the grateful Chow promised to supply his deliverer with free vegetables for the next twelve months. A ghost story comes from Taiu worth. The settlement at the Moor Creek end of the waterworks, about 16 miles from the town, is greatly agitated over the frequent appearance at night, in the gully alongside the camp, of a couple of apparitions. The phantom takes the shape of a woman, dressed in white, leuding by the hand a little child. Several of the waterworks hands have seen the ghost, and are posit ive in declaring it is " a genuine one." A fruit dealer in Nottingham was noted for having attached to his cart a thin and very bony horse He left this animal one day in charge of his youthful son. When the father returned he fonnd the horse lying on the ground. Thereupon he im mediately exclaimed to his son . " Hullo ! you've been leaning on him again have ye?" 