THREE i T#SiES. ' They were talking about terrible things. !Diey were all. young men, and one of them bad just finished a istory of a man who had been seared to death ty a ghost; Not cne of the, party would own that he believed in the eupfernatural, but - the whole, crowd ' was agreed, that there are things tbat cannot always be] accounted for. 1 Finally thev got to talking of; actual experiences; 'The uufceome was that tiiere were three stories tUd.' All of tht« were[ vouched for. These are 1 he stories ONDBB THE BRIDGE. Some years ago ia Somersetshire a young man drove out into tbe country to see bis t sweetheart. At midnight he started home-, ward. It-was a dark night, bat tbe yoaug mas. drove a pair of spirited boxses and' made good .time until he reaebed tite outskirte of bis home town. The only way he could get home was tq drive along the bank of .a .river and tben pass under a bridge thot spanned it. When he readied the bridge it was so dark be natonlly flowed up bis team. To his surprise, when ho started to drive under tbe bridge bis team showed signs of not wanting to go on. Be allowed the horses to have tb«ir own way for si time, and then seeing they did not seem inclined to go on he commenced to urge them.' Still they did not go on. He was patient for several minutes, and then made np his mind tbat tbe hoi ses must proceed. The team, however, would not budge <a stepi forward, but when urged seemed inclined toi turn around. This move could not be made,' however, without great danger, as tbe carriage! was too near the river bank. Bo, after seeing that he was'not likely to d6 much good troui it^ tbe youag man alighted and went to' the heads of his horses. To his great surprise he fonnd ; both animals were in a foam, and then he knew there was some reason for tbe strange state of! affairs. They were plainly frightened. Hej soothed them as well aa he could, and then hoi tried to urge them forward. They snorted} with terror, trembled in eveiy limb, and withl dumb eloquence begged not to be forced to go! ahead. Bat the yoang man had to get home. He, got in front of tbe horses' beads, took each animal by the bit, and started to back into'; darkness. His band seemed to reconcile the j horses, and they moved after their master.) They went slowly, to be sore, bat they didj move, and as they went the man cheered them.| Step by step the min and horses went along. They finally reached the blackest part of .the darkness, the man still walking backward ana; pulling on his horses' heads. Suddenly one of, the hoises gave a wild snort, reared high in the! air, and came near getting away from his master. The man turned, snd as be did so, to his terror, felt himself struck in the face. It was not a hard blow, but it was hard enough to, cause him to cry out, more in fright than in pain. Then he reached out in the dark to grasp! the thing th&t; had struck him. His had found it. It was—a human foot. A man had haisgc-d himself from the bridge,j and his body swuug just over the middle of the: roadway. ) How the yoang man reached his home he! never kuew. His hair, however, did not turn! white, nor did he become a raring maniac, but,: although Le has lived in the same villoge ever since, he has never passed under tbat bridge. THROUGH THE NIGHT. j Two young men ouce lived together in the; northern suburbs of London. One of them was, in love with a girl She didn't care for him, but be didnt know it. So he went on and on keeping in love. One morning about one o'clock one of the young men came home and found his room-mate who was in love in bed as usual. The young man sat down and read for an hour, and; then he went to bed. At nine o'clock next morn-j iug he woke up, and to his surprise found that bis partner had not yet got up. He thought; it was strange, but supposed tbat the youngj man knew his business and woald get np when' be was ready to do so. So he dressed, and was jus : tirout to leave; the room when he thought perhaps his room-' mate was oversleeping himself. So be spoke! to him. He got no response. Then be spoke; again, this time loud enough to awuk*. n anyone' ho was ssletp. There was no answer. Then! e stepped to the bed and gave bis partner al hake. There was no mistvking the fact that the an was dead. On.the table in the room was note telling wby the foolish fellow had taken is own life. He had found out that the girl id not care for bim, and that settled.it with' im for all time. The man who bad slept with he dead body got over the fright he bad received in time, but he often wonders why he' did not see tbe note his friend left for him telling him of bis act and why he bad killed him* self. "A I)ISSECTING-BOOM STORY. i The teller of tbis story and another student were to do some'work in the dissecting-room. His friend was not ready to go to work, so he went ia ahead and prepared himself for the ghastly job. It was late at night, but this ia not supposed to make any difference to medical students, who Arc sot| AS & roIC) troubled wiili anything like a squeamish feeliag. The young man- was waiting for bis friend to come, and was standing on tbe slab on which rested the " subject" on which they were to work. '• : Scattered about tbe room were various things' which showed what the place was used lor. The student waS Smoking. He was thinking of nothing in particular. Suddenly he heard a grating noise. It was slight, bat nnmisiukable. At first he paid no attention to it. Tfien, in dim sort of way, it occurred to him that it was a rat. - Presently the noise grew louder. He looked around bun. It seemed to come from a corner. He listened closely for the noise, and then he was r sore that It came from that corner.He looked closely, and then he thought he saw sbme movement in the corner, tie stepped closer to the spot, and then.be was sure there was sometbing there that was alive. . Still, he waa not frightened in tbe least. Be was a brave yoang fellow,-and was inclinedto investigate the thing that was causing him so much guessing. But in another instant he saw something that was startling. A filmll' was moving ont of its place in the corner, and was riowly «onnng over the floor towards him. > It. was sgxating along, and the -sight and sound was more than the yt'Uijg student was able to endure. Bis bravery, vanished, lie gave a cry, fell to the poor in a dead faint, and rs be dropped a huge 'rat scrambled from under the ghastly thingr "and scampered to its bole. '.The young -man- got over Lis fright in a few necks, bnt he adopted another profession. 