MR. GEORGE RIGNOLD. AN INTERVIEW. Mr. George Rignold, well known in England and America, and who has been before the public of Australia for manv years, was found by a reporte- of "The Evening Journal at the Theatre Royal on Fridav monung -preparing for a rehearsal ot "The Lights of London," the first play that was bought for Australia by arrangement with the authors. On discussing the great success with which this favourite had been received, the actor said—"Yes, it has been a. wonderful success; and, by-the-by, l am very anxious at the present moment about «ie supply of water for the Regent's Park Canal scene. Tbe greater part of. the stage wjll contain a reservoir of some 30,000 ga- Ions of water, and the space in which I will dive will be-from 5 to 6 ft. in depth, and although T have made the dive -many times I always feel the necessity of personally conducting its construction-" One man in • - his ' life plays manv ' parts, and Mr. Rignold has indeed plaved a great _ mimber. • It is impossible to say even approximately how' manv. 'although,"' said*the actor, "I presume they would not be as manv as at first glance the} seem." After Mr. Rignold achieved a reputation, for several - years he impersonated nothing but the one pait—Henry V The public of America would' have nothing, else. At that tame there was a very strong, antagonism by our Yankeedoodle-ofo brethren against England, so it was rather .sirigulair that the Shakspeanan piece, with its patriotic'.ahd fervent sentiment, " Should Joe so successful. "Now," said Air". Rignold, "with the very friend!v relations existing between the two nations I think the .'play would tioorn. Afld.' ? laughingly added Mr. Rignold, "if the piesent strained relations between England and France should result in war, although I hope" no such dire" calamity is probable, the Government might subsidize me to plav- Henry V. to arouse the patriotism of the people." Mr. Rignold opened and . successfullv managed for about ning years HerMajestv s Theatre, Sydney, in (he building of which lie ' invested largely. Th^t theatre'was opened with "Henry V.,"and with all the advantages of" .the large stage" and admirable" surroundings Sydney welcomed once again MrT Rignold as the hero of the Red -Rose. "Faust,*' "A Midsummer Night's Dream," "Mae-, beth," and "The Merry -Wives of Windsor" \yere. notable. productions, but they,; and even "Henry-V.," sank into iu- ., significance beside the grandeur and completeness of "Julius Caesar." The success :• of' the piece was triumphant. : Mr.* Rignold , has bee-n upwards of twenty-years in the colonies on aud off, and was the. pioneer of big stage productions in Australia; "He went home to open- Drury-lane Theatre-for Sir Augustus: Harris. He was'the" first one to institute the early-door system in j^tistralia, -and ; although he was abiised right and left at the time others have come rouud to his "way of thinking, and, have appreciated the innovation. He rectified numerous abuses in the theatre when he -first came, to the colonies. - - ... \- "What position does melodrama hold m Australia compared witii" classical dramas arid tlie plays produced by Brough and Boueicault?"—"Melodrama lias a more lasting life than any other class of 'dramatic work. Of course' some of Pinero and Grundy's plays partake of -the nature of- melodramas. I contend that a lot of. Shakspeare's plays are somewhatmelodramatic. When you -get ghosts and music, and so 'on, they become melodramatic, as the public accept the term. A great, -deal. of nonsense is talked about being stage}-. When you have got your art down to a fine point, when you have attained perfect-ion, and, indeed, conceal your art, then you are stagey as the woid is artistically : applied... But the general, impression of the public and of many ..critics is that to be stagey is to strut about the stage, and out-Heri>i Herod, and to tear a passion to tatters. l'ou Adelaide , At one ' time, fliey seem to <i« light in one class of" thing. If it is inferior it "doesn't seem to matter. It has always been my rule, however, not to find fault with the public^ or to coercethem into coming .to the Theatre. I liko to please the public, and that has alvavs been my ambition, and I am proud to sav that I have'been able to please a very lar;c public indeed during my career. Evenbody says—Play 'Faust.' That would mean a' big giltla.y in bringing material, which I am -sure w-oiild' not pay. Nothing would delight me more than. to bring '.jur.us Caesar'.here, but-with my experience I a;'i frightened of it." . Our "population -Is much smaller than that, of the other colonies?''—"That is another. peculiarity."-1 was a lessee of the Theatre -Royal-once. I could run a play a month then without any difficulty -whatever. In'London the public fill the stalls at 10s:'6d. .to see "World,' 'Youth,' and ' other melodramas." / "How is the drama in Australia? — "Pretty healtby, 'but there is a tendency all the world over for the frivolous, "and the public get out of the habit of appreciating good acting." . "Light novel reading is another phase of the question?"—"Yes;' its the shilling shocker business over again-. - It's a case of let's get to the situation, to the sensation, and-hence the desire for melodrama. But the taste will come round again,: no doubt. I have had two or, three theories about the why and the wherefore. 1 have thought it owing to the spread of literature, and the community becoming a. reading one. that the stage-has lost a certain amount of the interest it used to possess. Every one , can read a sensational story in the course of an afternoon." . "But the dramatised version of such works as 'Trilby' and 'The Prisoner of Zenda' have proved a great draw?.' — "Yes; and that was the case with 'Called Back' when originally produced, and has ' always been one of mv best successes. It created a profound sensation at the time.__ "Are you partial to interviewing?"— I think it has done a deal of injury in a certain way. We make the public au fait with everything, how we produce our effects, &c.;, and take away from the glamour and romance of our business." "Tlie professional is as much to blame as the Pressman?" "Precisely. Pictoralsshow the rehearsals and the ballet at work, tne limelight man, and everything else. It seems to me that it is letting the light m too much upon our everyday work and the way we produce our effects." "Do you think we could possibly run two theatres here?"—"I have ahva>s contended that two theatres are better t'an one, evc-n for the management. It instiLntiS comparison, leads to competition, and wjlces the people up from the lethargy and apathy into which they are apt to fall." "Is there any reason why Australia should not produce great actors and actresses?"-^ "She has produced one or two great singers; but colonial actors and actresses-have too easy a time of it in their early youth. As soon as any one is able to do ever so little, he or she gets what was a leading salarv in times gone by. That begets laziness, and consequently the beginners lose their ambition. Miss Wheeler has shown extraordinary talent during_ the short time she has been on the stage." I Mr. Rignold at the present time has an offer from one of the most influential theatrical Syndicates in America for a tour through the States; and, in Australiai. tlrcountry in which he has made his ho ne, a Svndicate is willing to build him a theatre We trust Mr. Rignold -will decide to remain in this country and work in the profession he so admirably 3,donus« 