Photographing the Invisible. (From the Saturday Revieiv.') We aro still mystery-loving enough to bo roused to a state ot interest by any tangible manifestation of the invisible, especially when, it comes to us under scientific authority. A curiosity of this nature was awakened by Dr. Russell's ' Experiments on the Action of Metals, and Other Substances on a Photo graphic Plate,' as the dry title has it ; and this curiosity has received an additional stimulus from the further researches which he expounded to tlio Royal Society in the Balcerian lecture in March. The title of the lecture might almost have been ' the catching of invisible vapours, and the manufacture and photography of ghosts.' For although tliis advanced photography is quite a piece of latter-day science, yet there clings about these experiments with invisible vapours given off from newspapers, metals, pill-boves, wood, and a thousand diverse sub stances, an air of mediaeval romance wafted ti'om the days ot Albertus jJlagnus. It is probably within the recollection of most of us that Dr. Russell discovered that an enormous variety of substances were capable of giving a permanent record of their surfaces on a photo- k' graphic plate whon they wero placed in contact with it and left for some time in the dark. But there was no definite explanation of the cause of -this. Why should a piece of wood a hundred years old, or a newspaper cutting, or a polished sheet of zinc, photograph itself in this way ? Tho reply is at last forthcoming — each of these substances gives off its own particular vapour, presumably in the form of a gas, and this vapour can. act upon the silver salts in tho sensitive plate in precisely the same manner as light itself. The manufacture of ghosts lends additional proot to tno vapour theory. A sheet or polished zinc is cut into some shape, say that of a ghost (traditional form), and is placed in contact with a piece of white cardboard for some time ; the zinc is then removed, and the cardboard tied up with a photographic plate. When the plate comes to be developed thsre appears a black ghost on a white background. Whilst the zinc and cardboard were together the zinc vapour has been entering the pores of the card, so that to all appearance as blank as before there is, in reality, a ghost depicted in it in zinc vapour, and this ghost can bo made visible only by the photographic means described above. It is too early to arrive at any final con clusion about these things, but we shall almost certainly have to revolutionise cur ideas about vapours in general. We are not at all used to think of nickel, zinc, and aluminium as each giving off tho vapour of its particular metal at ordinary temperatures ;? still less can wo at present realise tho calm manner in wliieh these emissions stalk through sheets 'of gelatine and celluloid as though thero, were nothing there. But the facts remain and constitute ono of the most curious and interesting developments of science that has occured for a long time. 