SUNBAY TRABUJG. ADDRESS BY THE BEV. G. E. WBEATUEY. The town-hall, Fremantle, was well fitted Sept 1. on the occasion of the de Iwery of an address by the Rev. G. E. Wheatley on the subject 'The PuWic house and the Public Interest.'' A charee for admission was made for the benefit of the Fremantle Hospital. Mr. T. Abbott occupied the chair, and intro duced tiie lecturer. The Rev. Mr. Wheatley said that he intended to give fair expression to the views on both sides of the question, as long as the proceedings were not. bur- lesqued. He regarded tiimwMf as a Western Australia, as he had come to toe colony to live in it, and had its in ieneete at heart. It had been said, 'Why did not the parson mind his own business?' but if this question- was not a parson's business he asked whose busi ness it was. It was truly his duty as a Christian man to look into this question. He held a brief for the poor people who were made homeless 'by ths- traffic Lord Bosebery had spoken, of the trade becom ing a danger to the community. Wes tern- Australia was furnishing a melan choly illustration of Lord Bosebery's words. Unless the people woke up they would find that it was being run to a large extent in tbe interests of the trade, in the interests of wealthy brewers and owners of public-houses, who were over represented in Pariiamstat (Applause.) The trend of public opinion was in tbe direction of early closing, and- he asked why the workers in this particular in dustry should be permitted to* work lon ger hours and seven days a week. He would rather have the workshon open on the Sundays than the pubiic-house, and the fos-mer would do infinitely less .harm. The bar at present was intolerable — it satisfied no one. The publicans were not satisfied, the police were not satis fied— and no wonder: and the public was not satisfied. The whole thing was reduced to something less than a farce He had had people come to him with piteous tales about their friends and re lations who were drinking' on Sundays. He alluded tobis efforts to take & census about Sunday trading, and maintained that he had demonstrated unmistakably that the law was openly and flagrantly violated. His method of taking this census had been- criticised. Some thought that he- Trent a little- too far, but he would rather go a little too far than not go at alL The facts of the census were un assailable, and in that matter the enemy had shown a little more discretion thau usual in not refuting them. The inspec tor of police had asked him, 'How do you know that the people went into the hotels to get drink t' 'He (Mr. Wheai ley) replied that he did know. In regard to the police, force, Mr. Wheatley remarked that the weak place was in its head. It had a weak head, and, like anyone who had a weak head, it found a difficulty in managing its affairs. The head of the police force | was Sir John Forrest. He quoted the I speech of Sir John Forrest^ aa reported in ?'Hansafd.' They could not have courageous action on the part of the or dinary policeman — they could not ex pect it — when so many of their repre eentataves were connected with the! liquor traffic. They would never have ; the law enforced while so many of their j legislators owned puMic-houses and | had shares in breweries. The publicans j as a whole- would welcome Sunday clos- j ing, but it was tbe 'dummy' who had ! to do what he was told by the brewer, j the worthy owner -wh» forced him to open. He ridiculed the request of the publicans in regard to the hours for j opening on Sundays. It was too much, even for their generous {Vernier. (Laughter.) If they had to choose be tween the two evils, namely, the pre sent state of things and restricted Sun day trading, he would, without a mo ment's hesitation., saf let them have re stricted Sunday trading, and let them have the law observed. What he (Mr. Wheatley) asked was for absolute Sun e day closing — that- the Act should be honestly enforced ; that the machinery of the Uvw be bo amended as to make the law operative. To relax these laws would be a retrograde step. They had early closing in all the onfontes. Was Western Australia going to be the only colony to take a' backward step? In re gard to the contention that Sunday opening was recognised in the old coun try, he-pointed out that since 1854 pub lic-houses had been closed in Scotland. Ireland had had Sunday closing since 1878, except in Dublin, Belfast, Water ford, and Cork, where the opening hours were restricted to between 2 and 7 o'clock. In Wales a. Sunday dosing BiU was passed in 1881. In 1889 the English Sunday closing law passed its second reading in the British House of Commons by a majority of 22, but it was blocked in committee. Evert- time, however, this matter had been put to a, test — every time the people bad an opportunity of speaking out on this question — they had emphatically, and with an overwhelming majority, declared in fasor of Sunday closing. Dealing with bona- fide travellers, he referred to them as bone fide humbugs, and' remarked that, Hke ghosts, they were heard of but never seen.- If the people did not want to keep to the Act no law could be pro vided. He made the following suggest tion to' remedy the existing law — (1) That no licensee should be obiigea to keep his house open to supply bana fide travellers, or travellers, or any other bona-fide 'drunks' who want a drink on Sundays ; (2) let the bona-fide lodger be defined ; no man was a lodger unless he stayed in a house on the previous night ; (3) he would define a bona-fide traveller as foRcmv; — A man who has travelled 10 miles; (4) keep a/ book for signatures of all who visit the hotels on Sundays. He did not mean a book to be laughed at — he meant a book which was part of the establishment. He did not object to a fellow having a drink. He was a democrat. He did not go in. for that kind of drink himself, but he did not seek to force his opinion on other people. If the people said that they wanted more public-houses, he was democrat enough to say let them have them. He believed in govern ment by the people for the people. If a publican served! a man before he signed .the book it should be a serious offence. The book would protect the publican. He did not want to perse cute the publicans. He wanted to pro tect them from their enemies, whoever they were. (Laughter.) If a man put a wrong name in a book, or a wrong address, .then that should be an offence under the Act, and that book shciuld be open for inspection by any citizen or the police whenever they liked to look at it. If anyone wanted a drink, why should he be ashamed to put his nanfb and address in a book? Once a man had signed the book the publican's re sponsibility ceased. .They had no right to punish the publican, and let the mair go free. Some people doubted *%be£r ability to obtain an amendment of the law, but they could get the law passed if they meant to. If Christian people would* put aside their little jealousies and fight shoulder to shoulder they would get what they wanted. In con clusion, he 'said that he had invited the publicans to discuss tbe question either publicly or privately, and he announced that he would be prepared to argue the question that night, or answer any ques tions. Mr. A. M'Cinnon, the president of the Licensed Victuallers' Association, spoke a few words in refutation of the charges made against bi6 and a col league's house. He assured Mr. Wheat ley that as few of his servants as pos sible worked on Sundays. Mr. Wheatley replied, and invited other publicans to get up on the plat form, and make a 'testimony meeting' of it. No others, however, accepted the invitation, and the meeting came to' a close. It was announced that another public meeting would be held in Perth, on Monday night in opposition to the movement for restricted Sunday trad ing. 