^WtjDSO -RNDETH A WiFEt* tTJTiJSIIED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT! / | Sensaiiensi gtsrg By piiam|e jjueu* Aathor of 'The Ureat War ii» England in 1897,' 'Zoraida,' 'Stole* Soak,' 'Gniltjr Itondc,' 'A Secret Servi.-.' K, fa, / ? o OOPTKIGHT. '; / CHAPTER XXIII. m A Tbrhdjlt. Truth. THE paper 1 held in my band was file original of the secret convention between Englanc m and Germany ; the document m ? that had been stolen from me, B- transmitted by telegraph to the Russian ¥??' Foreign Office, and had- nearly caused a I terrible and disastrous European war. \ '-.'?' When I took it from union' the letters and saw its neat, formal Tvritrng and sprawiy signatures, 1 grazed upon it in blank amazement, unable :& -first 10 realise the startling truth. There was. however, no -room for donbt. It was the actual -WurntTit that had been so ingeniously purloined, for it reposed in the escritoire still in its official envelope. The great black seal affixed by the Earl of Warnham had been broken, and both envelope and document had the appear ance of having at some time or other been folded small, besides being sadly crumpled. Beneath the shaded light I examined the envelope carefully, and detected a faint carmine streak upon it ; then, placing it to my nostails, found that it exuded a stale odour of sampaguita. In an instant the truth was plain. The pink discolouration had been caused by rouge; tie scent was Ella's favourite perfume that she always procured from Paris. Xo doubt the document had been carried for a considerable period in her pocketf or safety and become crumpled, as papers will, if . earned in a woman's dress. While the envelope might easily have absorbed the odour of that unmis takable perfume from her handkercMef, the streak of rouge puzzled me, for I ? bad never suspected her of an artificial complexion, nor had I ever seen the hare's foot and carmine among her toilet articles. ? Tell Eoberts 1 wish to speak to her,' I said, turning to Juekes, who had stood 'by in. silenee, puzzled at my strange action ©f breaking the top of the escri toire. He obeyed, and in a few moments flifi neat dark-eyed maid entered. ' Boberts,' I exclaimed. ' I want you to tell me something. Does mv wife use any carmine to give artificial colour to her cheeks ?' 'Oh, no, sir,' the girl assured me. * Vyi«Tn is very adverse to^the use of such things. Once or twice, when she nag Deen going out at nignt ana ioos.ea unusually pale I have suggested a little additional colour, but she has always refnsed.' ' Did she have any rouge or anything of ?'EHaft sort in her possession ?' I m qnired. 'JSo, exe, I am quite certain she hadn't' ' ~Whj are you so confident ? 'Because onlv the other day when I 'vtbs ill 'with a sies headache madam urged me to use some colour, as my face was so pale. 'Visitors were coming, she said, and she didn't want me to look like a ghost. I told her that I had no carmine, and she remarked that she had none, therefore nothing could be done.' ' 'When did my -wife pack those two trunks she took with her this evening? ' Last iLonday, sir,' the girl answered, slowlv twisting her bemlled apron in her hands. '^-he received a note by box-messenger, and immediately set about packing the boxes.' ?Did she tell you anything?' I asked. mining confidentially, * I have reason to believe that my wife has left us, there fore airvtiiing you tell me may assist me in tracing her.' The girl glanced at me in genuine Eurprise. ? Do you mean, sir, Otst madam has — has run away ? ' she gasped. s2Jo — 'well, not exactly,' I stammered. 1 But did she tell you anything ? 'With eyes downcast tile girl paused in hesitation, answering at last : ' She didn't actually tell me anything.' ' But what do you know about her intentions ? ' 'Kothing,' she answered. Then, after a pause, she added, 'Well, to tell you the truth, sir, I had suspicions.' 'Of what? Do not fear to speak because I am her husband,' I said, re assuringly. 'I may as well know the. 'worst at once.3 ' She used frequently to receive notes from a gentleman. They were brought by a commissionaire, or bv a man servant, .'who waited for the answer. When they came I always knew that on the following day she would-be absent many hours.' 'You believe that she met this mysterious individual — eh f I asked huskily. 'Yes, for she always told me never to admit to you that she had been long absent. Therefore I had suspicion that she met somebody clandestinely.' ' 'What 'was 'hi« name T ' I have never been able to ascertain. Once I glanced at a note lying on madam's dressing-table. It merely an nounced the writer's intention to attend Lady Pearson'6 ' at home,' and was signed 'X.'' * 'Well,' I said hoarsely, after a loag silence. ''What else? ' Nothing,' she replied. 'That is all I know, sir.' ''Has my 'wife taken ha jewels? I inquired. '2fo. She has left her jewel-ease un locked, hut everything is there. She has even left behind her 'wedding-ring.5 'Her wedding-ring P I echoed, as tounded arid dismayed. ' Then she has discarded me completely.' 'Unfortunately it appears so, sir,' the girl observed, gravely. ' Yery well, Eoberts,' I said in a :T)rpken voice. 'Thank you. Uou may go-' ,. . . The. girl glanced at me for an instant, ?? with.- a sad pitying look, then turned and left, closing the door noiselessly behind her. Alone, I sank into the chair utterly \- -Jarokea^dowii, still holding, in my nervous, trembling fingers the secret ? document that secured thu peace aud welfare of the' two most powerful nations on- earth.- L h;id at hist, dis covered the hideous truth. Ella, the woman whose grace and beauty had held me enmeshed, and whom L fi.ul loved with an intensity of passion tli.tl ^y:^-; all consuming, wasC after 'all. base mni worthless Although making a hollow pretence to love me she hnd cast me aside for this mysterious ni-.u\ who signed himself with an initial, aud who met her secretly almost daily. I had been a blind, devoted idiot, I knew, but until 1: had watched her in Kensington Garden* 1 had never suspected her of -- infamy. It seemed, however, that she hail no sense of shame, and cared noujrht fur my dishonour or despair. Her perfidy was nowvrevealed in all its painful reality. Ella^ whom I had always regarded as ? pure, honest, and trusting, wiis a woman of tarnished repute. The fact that she had the secret convention iu her possession was, in itself, sufficient evidence that the mystery surrouuding her was deep, and of no ordinary character. Sonia had warned me that she was my enemy, and this fact was now, indeed, vividly apparent. How she had become .possessed of the stolen treaty was inexplicable. Full ?well she knew all the terrible anxiety its loss had caused me, and the sensation that its revelation had civated 'through- out Europe. Times without, number. I had mentioned to her how anxious my chief was to recover the original, so that our enterprising friends in St. Peters burg could have no tangible proof t hat- it had actually existed, yet she had given no sign that she knew anything of it, much less that it actually reposed in my own drawing-room. I did not fail in those moments of my despair, to recollect that she had been on the most intimate terms with Dudley Ogle, the man suspected to have been in the service of the Czar's Government, and as I sat in wonderment it became gradually impressed upon me that through those many months I had been basely tricked, and that Ella herself, charming and ingenuous as she seemed, was actually a secret agent of the enemies of England Several facts that 1 recollected com bined to produce this startling belief. Because of my confidential position as secretary to the Earl of Warnham it was apparent that Ella, with the assist ance of my whilom friend Dudley and the encouragement of her mother, had conspired to hold me beneath her spelL She had become my wife, not because she had ever loved me, but because she could feign affection or hatred with equal impunity, and had some ulterior motive in obtaining my confidence. Her firm resolve to ascertain the true facts regarding Dudley's mysterious eud showed plainly that if they were not lovers they had acted in complete accord, and what was more likely than that he, having stolen the secret i:on ^rentdou, had on that memorable night at the 2*ook handed it to her, the insti sator of the ingenious theft. Yet an hour or so later he died from -some cause that neither doctors nor police had been able to determine. ~ To her the tragic occurrence was a mystery, as to all, and her refusal to render me any .explanation of her sus picious actions was. 1 now saw, quite natural. Held beneath the iron thral dom of her masters in St. Petersburg, she dared not utter one word : hence I had remained in the outer darkness of doubt and ignorance. -. However it might be, one thing was certain, she ' had been unexpectedly parted from me. either by choice or com pulsion. Perhaps it was that to pose as my wife was no longer necessary : yet, if she were actually a spy, was it not curious that in departing she should overlook this document, of which the Ministry at St. Petersburg were so anxious to possess themselves. Again, as I sat aloue before the cheer less erate. I reflected that if she were in the pay of Eussia surely 31. Grode kofE, the ambassador, would have been acquainted with her. Besides, what ing such careful inquiries, or why did Paul Verblioudovitch discredit the truths uttered by Sonia and urge me to marry the- woman I loved? Neverthe less if. as I supposed, my position in the Foreign Office' had caused me to be tie victim of a clever and deeplycon ceived conspiracy, it was scarcely surprising that the Czar's representative should disclaim all knowledge of the sweet- faced agent, or that Paul had praised her and cast obloquy upon Sonia in order that their plans, what ever they wereV should be achieved. Of the actions of Eenouf, and his strange disregard for detection, I could form no satisfactory conclusion. All I knew was that Ella's career had been an unscrupulous and inglorious one, and that she had cast me aside as soon as her infamous ends had been attained. The only person who could elucidate the mystery, was Sonia, the pretty girl who had been denounced by Benonf as a murderess, and who was now in hiding in far-off. Eussia, in some ontofthe world place where I could never hope to find her. If she were clever enough to elude the combined vigilance of the detective force of Europe, as un doubtedly she had done, there was but little hope that I could run her to earth. The mystery had, by Ella's flight, been increased rather than explained, for the more I pondeied the more deeply-rooted became the conviction that she had decamped because she had cause to fear some strange development thatiTvould lead to her exposure and shame. ? AfCer a time I roused myself, and tak3n°\from Jiie broken escritoire the other' Setters it- contained, five in number, examined them eagerly beneath ifceJz^ht ? : , .All were in llio sumt hand, a heavy masculine ou--, w ritt/u i;\ideiitly with a quill. One hy unp I rend thorn, rind ing that they contained appointments which fnlly bore p«it her maid's sus picions, t .; , , , ' - 'My dear Ella,' one ran.- 'To morrow I shall be on the -departure platform at King^s .Cross station at il.30. I have good news for you. ?-'onre.— X.' Another regretted the writer's in ability to keep an appointment, as 'he had been called unexpectedly to Par-* and was compelled to leave by the night mail from Charing Cross. He, how ever, promised to return in three d;i\ s and gave her the Grand Hotel as his address if she found it necessary to telearanh. Strangely enough the letters con tained no' endearing terms either at their communcenj.ent or con-'iu=ion. Formal and brief, they all related to appointments at various places iu Ix)u don where two persons might meet un uoticed by the 'crowd, and all were signed by the single .mysterious, initial. 1 btood with them in my h;tnd'ior a lonii time, puzzled jiul hesitating, thcu placing them carefully in my pocket, together with- the secret document I had M) uuexpt'oledly unearciied, I craiuuieii on my hat and hastily drove to Pont street. The house was in darkness.' srive for a light in the : hasf-mr-nU and in answer to— uiy summons after a lap=e of some minutes, a tell gaunt woman in rustv black appeared in the area below 1 was surprised at being thus met bv a stranger, but inquired for iLrs. l«iiuq. ' Mrs. Laing ain't at 'ome, sir,' sn swered the woman, looking up and speaking with a strong Cockney twang. 'Not at home?' I exclaimed, sur prised. ' Where is she ?' 'She's gone, abroad soaitwherys, but 1 don't know where,' the woman' an- swered. ' She's sold all her -valuable, discharged the servants, and left me 'ere as 'ousekeeper.' ' When did she go ? 1 asked. 'This morning. 1 answered an ad vertisement in the Ghron tele yesterday, and entered on my duties 'ere to-day. Quick, ain't it.' The rapidity of her engagement 1 was compelled to admit, but proceeded to make further inquiry . whether Mrs. Laing's daughter had been there. 'No, sir. No one's been :ere to-day, except a foreign-looking gentleman who asked if madame had left^ arid when I said that she had, he went away quite satisfied.' ? What kind of a man was he ? ' Tall and thin, with a longish dark beard.' . The description did not correspond with anyone of my acquaintance : there fore, after some further questions regarding Mrs. Laing's mvsterious departure, 1 was compelled to ?\visii the worthy woman good evening. ¥?he knew nothing of Mrs. Laing's move ments, not even the name of the ter minus to which she had driven, siicli pains had Ella's mother taken to conceal the direction in which she inteuded to travel. Some secret undoubtedly existed l-e- tween mother and daughter ; its nature held me perplexed and bewildered. CHAPTEE XXIV. STKICTLr CoXFTDEXTUi. The early morning was dry. frosty, but starless. The clock of that fsishionable temple of hymen, St. Geoi\uers. Hanover square, 'was slowly chiming three as- 1 alighted from a cab at the corner of Mount street, and walking nlr.ng Berkeley square, ascended the steps of the Ears of Wavnham's great mansion, and rang its ponderous bell. The place was severe ami gloomy enough by day, but in the silence and «liirkziuss* of the night its exterior presented a for- ~ bidding, almost ghostly, appearance. It was an unusual hour for a call, but, knowing that a porter was ? on duty always, aud that despatches frequently arrived during the night, I had no hesi tation in seeking an interview. In a lew moments thwc was a grat ing sound of bolts drawn back, a clank ing of chains, and the heavy door was slowly opened l-y the sleepy man, who. with a word of recognition, at once admitted me. AValkinjr neros? the great square hall warmed by a huge roaring fin-. I passed down the va-.=:aire to the earl's study and rapped at the tloor, receiving an impatient permifcsion to enter. The Minister for' Foreign Affairs was sitting at his table where I had left him, with an empty teacup at- his side, resting his pale weary, trow upon his hand and writing despatches rapidly with his scratchy quill. His fire 'was nearly out, the pair of candles in their heavy old-fashioned silver candlesticks that stood upon his writing-table had burned down almost to their sockets, and the strong smell of burnt paper that pervaded the book-lined den, showed that, with his, innate cautious ness, he had destroyed documents that he did not desire should be seen by other eyes. The world-renowned statesman raised his head as I entered, gave vent to a low grunt of dissatisfaction, and continued writing at topmost speed. I saw I was unwelcome, but well acquainted with his mannerisms and eccentricities, walked to the fire, added more fuel, and waited in patience until he had finished. '3'WJell,' he snarled, casting down his pen impatiently, and turning upon me; at last, ' I thought you, of all men, were aware that I do not desire interruption when at work.' 'I should not have ventured to come at this hour,' I said, ' were it not that the news .1 bring is of ''extreme im portance,' He sighed, as was his habit when, expecting further complications. 'What is its nature?' he asked, coldly, leaning back in his chair. ' Abandon preliminaries, please, and come to the point. What is it ?' ' I have recovered the original of our secret convention with Germany,' I answered in as quiet a tone as I could assume. ' 'You have!' he cried excitedly, starting up. ' You-are quite right to seek me at once — quite right. Where did you obtain it? he inquired. \, fso-BE coxTJ3ma-.]- W — 22 She: ''Was that & tiirci^rli iraia \ou jnsi cameinon?' Up: 'TV*; but I was* afraid it never iroultt be.' Jones: '? That whSs-ty is 20 years old.' Jenkins: 'It's fine. It is sad to thiDk how mnch^ood liquor is cut off in its iiifaocy.' 