IT is a very common occurrcnce for outsiders to criticise the Press, to blame it for sins of omtuUsion or commission, to accuse it of one-sided ness, of unreasonable party prejudices or private affec tions. Of course, tlie public have a right t'i criticise according to their lights, and it is only reasonable tlint tin: critic should submit to criticism. it has to be observed, however, that the Press usually acts us clitic or mentor after tnliing special pains to ascermin all phases of the question it discusses, whilst those who are readiest to condemn the Press are often guided solely by their own personal predilection. The fact is there are comparatively few persons who really understand the aims and functions of the newspaper Press or of its con luctors. '1 his may lie doe t» the modesty of the latter (we fancy we see a smile ctr vc the lips of th.i reader), lor whilst tlicy endeavour, through the medium of print, U> educate all and sundry upon every conceivable current topic of general interest and tn keep them abreast of everything relative to the world's progress, tliey are reticent regarding the branch of industry they themselves represent, and which has been fitly described as " the power bt - hind the throne which is greater than the throne itself." The Press is frequently referred to as the " Fourth Estate " : it is in a sense the First, be -ausc kings and rulers and individuals are influenced by it. The views held by the public regarding the Press are often as amusing to its conductors as they are erroneous. Soutr; people look upuu a newspaper ns a sort of philanthropic institution, established purely for the benefit of the community amongst which it circulates. " Crankssuffering from imaginary grievances and afflicted willi an itch for writing have a notion that all their wordy effus-ions should be received with yiy by the editor, ami accepted with gratitude by the proprietor. Business men will often send in little " pars"—sometimes half u column in length—which are pure advertisements, and expect to see tlieni appear next morning in all'thc glory of print. They even fancy at times that they are conferring a special favor by givitig the paper something which will " fill its columns." They do not consider for a moment that a costly composing staff has to be paid to set up the real lie AS of the world, so that it may be presented to them at their breakfast tables "warm from the lips of instinct," as Pitman puts it, six days out of thr seven : that a large and experienced literary etalt' lias to slave day and nigliL to obtain and prepnre the literary o!la podrida which is served up each morning ; that correspondents have to be employed in almost ev^ry part of tinglobe ; that a commercial staff, machinists, riiLiicrs and agents are matters of necessity in the conduct of a newspaper business. It may at once be stated for the information of the thoughtless and uninitiuled that newspapers arc commercial undertakings just as mercantile concerns are, and that they can only be carried on In the agency of coin of the realm. The employed and their families, unfortunately, require sustenance like ordinary mortals, and tiny have a bad habit of entering^the counting-housc at least once a week to see " the ghost walk," as the periodical transference of tire proprietor's takings to the pockets of lb staff is called in the purlauce of the business. lint the Press, though based upon commerce, is located 011 a higher plane than most other commercial concerns, inasmuch as to ensure the fullest amount of commercial success it must put forth every effoit to advance the interests, not of a mere section of the people; bnt really of the tvorld. It may not truckle to individualor parties in the spirit of the huckster ; its tphere of operation is expansive ns the globe, however circumscribed its circulation, and it must needs have tli>* co-operation of the best intell> ct of the world in collating and compiling the daily histo.y of tliu two hemispheres. It has to be in touch with the progress of 1 very movement, and to pronounce judgment upon the most perplexing and difficult questions of the day. 'J he doings of Cabinets, the savings •.!' Parliaments, the decisions of L'gi-Iiturcs, the proceedings of local councils, road boards, courts of law, together with a thousand and one otln r matters of local and general concern, have to pass under the review of tbe journalist, and be scattered broadcast by the newspaper proprietor at an expen-e greater in proportion to the returns than is the cost of conducting almost any other business under the .sun. Yet the average man nhen he picks up his morning pnper .fill often, after a cjsual glance at its columns, throw down the broadshr-et with the exclamation, " There's nothing in it." It is well thai the Prfcss exists for something more substantial than the thanks or gratitude of the community, and that it does not attempt to please everyone, otherwise its conductors would speedily find they had but eown the wind to leap the whirlwind. There is one thing certain, and that is that no civilised and progressive community can do without its printing prcrs, with its broad .shei- ts, and although the outside woild knows little of its organisation and the worries and unending labors of all coumcted with the. daily issue ot a newtpaper they know, or would soon be made to know, that the snepension of the Press for bat. a brief period would result in corruption, oppression, and villainy, which would throw civilisation back into the state existing iu the dark ages. One of the oldest pressmen of Anstralia once said lietter a corrupt and'venal Press than no Press at ail." And lie was right; but the impartial observer will freely acknowledge that the institution in I these colonies at any rate is one of ..... .. c , . I- d which the young nation of Australia I has just reason to be proud. 