... -1 tHE SINORIT AS ROSES. A GLOWING Kouth- n l\ . era sunbathed tho 'fafcJJ B \ drepvayeldtfurdon a fined of molt uo Si'bl. ' The a ' Hi' oranyo end fit; 3 tieee bung tleir rift luccicui Fiuit J within tempting S, distance, while up V J W bedrnom window fy climbed in b ri» t of yellow splendour the superb gold of Opbir rose tree, famous along the entire coait. Never was there such another roie tree ! The Ssnorita was straight and tall und tlruder. Though the grey was beginning lo creep in her dusky huir.and the lell-Ula wri-kles \- wers seaming her forehewl» yet she . we# a handsome roman, with the same Andalualao ,-fenlurea, the sofl, speaking eyes, the clear olive (kin, her beautiful mother bod brought from. Spain years ago. Kvory afternoon when the Stnioritt 'had finisliod her household duties, before she sat down to tbe dainty drawn work which was n . part of her daily acoupat ion, a ud from which she. derivod a modest income, it wan her custom to tenter tbe drawingroom, ?nd after adjusting tho blinds so that the sunlight would touch her protrait geutly, to ntauil before it iutently re garding her own lost youth. " Madre di Dios 1" was tile murmured ox- elamation, but it was loog time ago— long —time— ago." There wns also a vaso of golden roses on a little stand befero the portrait. tVheu the Sonerita's gaze left the pioture it fell upon the .flowers.; With a gentle sigh she would pen flively touch the petals with caruising fingers, then silently and like a ghost slowly glide from the room. Yearn before, wbnn tbe Seoorita was young,, a beau I y and a bolle of the little settlement up ' at the Presidio there was a gallant young lieu tenant who fell desperately in love with the oharmiog Spaniard. Their courtibip amid the myrtle and orange groves, under the warm moonlight of tbe Southern region, in the shel tered nooks along the white beach was ideal. Once, when tbe lieutenant retnraed from fctauta Haibaru, wbithor he had been sent on important milituiy business, he brought to bis nweetheart a tiny rose busb, whioh he planted before her doer. " Ygnaoia," he whispered, as he caught her liui kfcaris iu his aud bent his bold, blue eyrs upon her blushing face, n my love for you will he perennial, like this bush, aud sweet »s its blossoms." But ulos for the p'edges of paialen I The lieutonuut was one to love and ride away. ISte the roees had bloomed the third year, be had . departed, departed with fervent vows and promises of a speedy return. But tho long burning summers, the slow dreary winters, drifted by slid he never came. The tiny bush , grew to be a iordly tree, SU« heard of him now and then— tbe Tamoiu Indian fighter, then tho major, the eolouel, at last the great General, whoso name wns honoured throughout the Und. Then came the nuws of his martiage to a colcbruted bulla aud heiress. - The. rose tree wus growing and blooming, but hope was dead iu the heart of the ficnoiila. Year after year she lived her simple little life ?- the old adobe uottags of her tinosstors. One by one her frionds passed away. To the Senorita we're left only br rone garden and memory. It was a great uuy for tbeak-epy little Spanish town when the railway oarae ; greater, when the rich- syndicate built, tbe magnificent hotel Then camo the electric oars, rushing and clang ing before tho SeDt..ta's rose gardan. One evening the Senorita sat under the Gold ofUpbirrose treo. In her hauda she bold a oluster of her favourites. As she iuboled their fragranoo., her. thoughts were as e7orv busy with .the past. , Vhe "garden gale olicked and swung ripen. Two people advuueed slowly and usoeitainly .through tho gatheriug dusk; a man and a woman, young, fashionably-dressed, with an unmistakable nir of good breoding. The man, btepping forwurd and oourtoeusly lifting hio hat, said, " Have I tbe honour ot addressing Senoritu Ygnacia Bonavrntura ?" He stopped abruptly as a sharp ory fell from! thn Bunoiita's lips. 44 Santa Mat ia !" she breathed, rather than spoke, who it ees ?" l am sorry to havo stalled you so." replied: visitor gently i 44 we wero told at tho hotel that you wore quito willing etrangris should see this beautiful tree or we would not have in truded. I beg your pardon/' and he turned an if to go. "Stay, Senor," she cried, 44 do nob go, 1 will show you the roses with bappinaa— si But your face it eea which gave me no moocfao . btarr. Jeau Cbristo ! but you are like some one— — " ; 44 1 think yon knew my father," said the ntrangvr ; 44 he was stationed bore at tbe Vreiipio, years ago, and 1 bare often heard him skoak of this oharmiug old town." 44 Ynur fatkuire here ?" 44 Yes, my father, Geaoral Saunders ; Lieu tenant Saunders when he was here." Tiiero was a profound nileuoe. The straight, 'sliua figure seemed turned to stone. Tom Saun ders felt as if be were confronted by some vagfin uttkaown tragedy. His young wife, too. was experiencing a ssusation as if she were looking on at a mysterious phaoo of bumau emotion, 8he turned her sweet faeo, full of tender sympathy, towards tbe Seuorita. Tho Sooonta spoke first ; 44 8i seaor," sho Bftid in a'low, grave voice, 44 1 did know your futhiiiic long— time— ago. He look like you— ab, I 'ope he cca welt— si 44 Bid you not know ? But of eourse.yot) would not hare beard said Suunders sadly, .M my father is dead. He died a mouth ago." f4 He eea dead?" repeated' the Seuorita mechanically. 44 Yob," said Saunders, 44 and before be died, he obarged me witU a sacred oomroUsion, He knew that I nus uoming hero oti my weddiug journey. He exiled me to fain oue day ami 8»ld : " Who you get there 1 want you to seek Bcncnla Ygnaoia Bouavoutura. Tell her for me that now I am noaring death, I see with olnur vision, aud that I regret tbe past. Tell her that as I lie here raoked with pain, I long, oh I I long for the coolness and quiet of her rose-garden, and that in tbelong watches af each restless sight I smell again the pertumn from the golden roses I planted before her door." There was a sound of sobbing, as tinmders finished his pathetic message. It came from his -wife, who was profouudly ali'eotod by tbe situa tion. But tbe Senorita did not weep. Her white faoe wns tense in its agony, but not a teir glistened in her sombre eyes. 8bo bold out bar hand to the son ef liur old leve. Ho took it in both his aud pressed ic gently. 41 She has suffered for my father's sakr," was tbe thought that flashed through his mind. As founders and bio wife were leaving, their arms filled with branches and clusters of tbn of tho Gold of Opbir roes, tbe Senoiita held open the gate for them. When Saunders passed her, the laid in bis hand tbe king of all that year's blossoms, a great royal golden rose, 14 For the lieutenant's grave," she simply said. . founders bowed, too much mured to speak Aud of tts&i; Inter the stlies of that perfect flowrrwere rr.frjrently strewn over u Ravalli Grwmwoort. :i '! .r . TV"7 Honrs ofUr thoir departure, tho Senouta entered the little dtaniofroom. , Her.fses uoo vr&n; and hox'gdrd and old. Sho lifted; her flick'orinf candle high before the portrait and gazod steadfasll; apon tho bciutiTul joung faoo that smiled dona at licr. " Madre di Dios ! " she breathed, but it nai a long— timo— ago." The next morning they tried in rain to waken tbe Senoiitn. Sho lay still and cold on hoc bed, drawn oloso to Ibe open OMoment.Threugh tbe window, the great gay goldca rosoo climbed and looked into tbo poor little chamber. And one, bolder then tbe reel, had laid ite yoltow head dote la tho dead heart of the Senorita. 