Going across the Southern bor der, I find that the public thought is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of politics, but some men still hold a fair share of reason and a deal of humour also. A Victorian scribe, for instance, tells a tale which, by merely altering the names to suit the colony, might be aptly told of every Assembly in Australia. This story alleges that in a certain Senate there was a Member who, on account of his passionate love for bathing his stomach in "mountain dew," we will call Mr Barley." A Radical Member was making a flaming speech, denouncing all things in general and nothing in particular, when the whisky-worrier awoke from a quiet snooze and said :— " Oh, shut up ! You're nothing but a blooming Titus Oates." "In deed!" replied the orator. " Well it is just possible that I may be looked upon as Titus Oates ; but, thank heaven, I have never been as tight as Barley !" " Come ou shide 'n shay it," hiccupped Bar ley, but he was smothered for the night in Homeric laughter. In the XJpper House some of the ancients appear to have been anticipating Christmas—by giving their stomachs a sort of trial-gallop at the pastry, and to have broken down badly — the consequence being that their milk of human kindness turned sour, and they said divers things that would have been better left unsaid. The Hon. J. Hoskins, for instance, asserted that " The natives of this colony all want to be clerks, or doctors, or lawyers, but they do not want to be working men." That is a libel on quite a number of my country men, for they don't want to be anything at all except champion cricketers or cyclists, while a few are born too tired for anything and prefer to " live on the ole jnan." - # * & Furthermore, this colony has been so wrecked by bad Govern ment that any lad wiio is wildly anxious to become a working man ought to have his brain-box ex amined by a medical expert, with a view of ascertaining if he isn't more adapted to be a derned fool. What encouragement is there for boys to aspire to become workmen in a land where sober, capable skilled artisans are walking them selves leg-weary, day after day, in vain attempts to get anything in the shape of a job of work to do ? Make work as pleasant and profit able as politics, and the supply of young Australian workmen will precious soon be equal to the de mand. & * * Talking of political matters re calls a good story toid by a South ern scribe, concerning a meeting recently held of the Presbyterian Church Committee at Wycheproof, which, after grave deliberation and a ballot, decided to accept a legacy of £600 in value which had been left to the Church. At first sight it seems remarkably strange that an eminently Scotch body of el ders should hesitate for a moment about accepting such a bequest, but the clever writer referred to supplied the necessary informa tion as follows " I was talking to a Scot about the matter, and we speculated as to why there should be any doubt about the matter at all In my own chari table way I suggested that per haps there was a fear that the property had not been properly acquired, or the man who left it was not thoroughly orthodox in his views." "Hoot, rnon," the canny Scot replied with some warmth, " they would have taken a' th' risks o' that The real trouble was they feared the pro perty was mortgaged for aboon its value." # 7r Another splendid specimen of canny Scot caution is . that of the dying man who, before starting to leave his earthly possessions in good order, said to the elder at his bedside :—" Will ye guarantee, 'gin I leave ma money to ta kurk, that it will be coonted to me for rich teousrtess whar I'm gaun ?" " Well, no, Tammas," was the equally cautious reply. " I canna gi' any sucli guarantee as that, but in ma opeenion ta experiment is well worth tryinV' If Paradise isn't well stocked with Scotchmen, it will not be because of their want of prudent enterprise or caution. & # & Like Banquo's ghost, the ques tion of the future capital of Aus tralia "will not down" but keeps bobbing up when least expected, and least required. " Personally, I don't think it need cause the people of this colony any great amount of worry, for we are in the same I proud position as the gentleman i in Sancho Panza's famous story. ["You must know," said Sancho, " that it chanced one day that a certain gentleman and a certain farmer had occasion to sit together at the same table. The farmer would not take his seat, till the gentleman had taken his place ; but the gentleman made him a sign to put himself at the upper end. {By no means, sir,' said the farmer, 'bit down,' said the gentleman. "Good, your Wor ship,' quoth the farmer. ' Sit when I bid you,'said the other, The clodhopper, still excused him self, and would not be seated; but the gentleman told him he should as he meant to be master in his own house. But the ever-man nei'ly booby, fancying he should be hugely well-bred and civil, scraped and cringed and refused, till at last the gentleman, in a passion, took him by the shoulder and banged him down in the chair and cried:' Sit there you clod pate, for let me sit wherever I will, that still will be the upper end, and the place of worship to thee.' " And in like manner we can tell other colonies to fix the capital city wherever they like; it will matter nothing to us, for wherever Sydney and its lovely harbor are that spot will always hold the Australian capital, and be the place to which the world will pay its bomage, rsrosTBtraasitecReeHyv'i I have seen some very daring things done in the way of journal ism, but by far the most audacious is the story which a reckless con temporary has saddled upon that staid divine which it most irreve rently dubs " Old Bishop Goe." Briefly put, this horrible tale tells of four young curates who called to afford some spiritual consola tion to another youni curate who bad met with an accident. When the visitor's stock of spiritual com fort ran out, the sick man inti mated that he had some of his own, but of a: totally different brand, in a sturdy bottle planted in his library behind the " Life and Sufferings of John Knox." It was instantly decided to sample that bottle, the result beiug that the five jolly divines were soon seated round the bed, their coats off, pipes in their mouth, tumblers of grog at their elbows, and all engrossed up to their evangelical ears in a rattling game of nap. * * & The fun was waxing fast and furious, and the sick saint, flushed with excitement over the good hand he held, was beginning to warble the only ditty he knew, "Come let us be be joyful, joyful, joy.——when a tap was heard at the door. Come in if your fat," shouted the invalid gleefully, and then to the speechless con sternation of all, in popped the most potent^ grave and reverend head of Bishop Goe. For a second or so, the whole five curates were fairly paralysed, but quickly re covering themselves, one apostle grabbed the cards, another made a disastrous attempt to stuff the whisky under the bed, and the pipes were being dropped under the table, when the worthy Bishop grasped the situation, and said with a killing smile—" Oh, a little private prayer meeting. Very good I I'll call in again in an hour or so.'' It's a darned good yarn on the whole, but it pre supposes that Bishop Goe has a keen sense of humor, and I can't stand that, for the days for mir acles being wrought are over. «■ «■ # A backblock's scliool-mistress, who must have Irish blood in her veins, once explained to her young gosoons a deal about Tara, and at the conclusion asked : " Oan any child now repeat the words of a song about Tara?" "Please, Miss, I can," squeaked ope little urchin ; and then, with appro priate kicks and skirt flourishes, she piped out' Ta-ra-boom-de-ay!' w * # A capital companion story to the above has just been told by the Rev. Harris Cohen, to the effect that after a school entertain ment, and when the young Is raelites evidently had the " living pictures" of the previous day in their "minds' eye," Mr Cohen conducted an examination on Scripture. Amongst other queries put was: " What did the angel say to Hagar when he met her wandering in the district?" And then one of the lads, thinking of the tableau he had taken part in, promptly replied: "When the angel mat Hagar he said, * -• UA. IV rti.<£•. on*.- ■.•-nK^KSaZMHOUUm.*m>- " ■ are you going to, my pretty maid • - ••? * * Hebrevv humour generally has a sting in it. Take the bitter jests of Heine, for example ; but I have great hopes that the humour of the rising generation of Hebrews will be " good humour," for an other of Mr Cohen's pupils con fidently informed him that God rested on the seventh day be cause it was the Sabbath." A better answer still came when, as Mr Cohen was translating the part of Genesis which treats of the making of the firmament and the division of the waters, one in quisitive little Israelite asked: "Please, sir, what did He want the water above the firmament for?" The teacher was about to explain, but before he could get a start a very wise lad at the bottom of the class chipped in, and said : " 1 know why the water was put up there, sir—to give the angels a bath!" * -» * The amount of useless informa tion contained in " Our Special London Correspondent's" letters to the colonial Press is simply apk. palling in its grandeur and the7 subtleness of its deep research. Here, for example, is an enthral ling line which makes us all aware, for the small price of a penny, that " the Duke of York is per mitted to wear fifty uniforms." Whether he possesses the money to pay for them or not is a matter which interests his Royal High- , ness' Royal tailors only, of course, but as the Duke doesn't happen to be built on the centipede fash ion we are naturally carious to know how he manages to fill fifty pairs of Royal breeches. Rumor says the Duchess helps him to wear a few pairs out; but anyway, the York family is growing re markably fine and large, and if necessary the superfluous uni forms can be cut down to make the young Yorks look clean and tidy. ■ . * * » Another journalistic gem says : " The Crown Princess of Rou mania has a splendid collection of perfume bottles, and cherishes a hope that one day her collection will equal in value that of her grandmother, the late Empress of Russia, who died leaving empty perfume bottles valued at £7000." That is a noble ambition indeed, and it reminds us that we can point with pardonable pride to a gentleman whose collection . of empty bottles has cost him a for tune—if the bills for bromides and other, doctor's stuffs are included. They are all perfume bottles, too —the perfume known as Ci Oom var" and " Old Scotch." Further more, it recalls the fact that the auditors of a certain Council's ac counts came across an item of "£7 10s for disinfectants for the bor ough." Further research showed' tnat the money had been spent in square-faced gin and round- bodied brandy. They call it " liminade"' in Ballyhooley, but they call ift " disinfectant'' in divers other places." A^ds a mighty good nama W is, too, JjUKB SHARP t 