DEBATE IN THE LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. During the discussion on auction sales clauses of the Land Bill on Wednesday, Mr. Bowser said he desired to bring under the notice of the Minister the advisability of legislating with regard to a number of allotments of unclaimed private land in different- parts of the colony, but especially in the townships. Those lands could only be lielcl by adverse possession, and in order to secure any such allotment a per son who had been living on the land for 15 years must prove that he had been in possession, ancl that whim the land was fenced the owner was in the colony, and under no disability. In very many cases the person who had taken possession of such land was unable to obtain title for the reason that he coulcl not prove that the owner was in the colony when he entered on the land, fenced it in, and avas under no disability. ' Some of these allot ments were now very valuable. (Mr. Duggan— " There lire 8000 titles un claimed at the Titles oflice now.") That fact showed the importance of the matter. One of the objectionable duties thrown upon a new member of Parliament was that of taking up all the cases which had not been decided. An honorable member proceeded some distance with such cases oefore he discovered that it was impossiblo to get a title to the land. The cases had remained in the air for years, and were likely to remain there. He would suggest that the Government should be empowered to take possession of those allotments, and, after advertising for the owners in the "Government Gazette," sell the al lotments by auction, and form a trust fund of the proceeds, to be held in reserve for the owner and his heirs, say, for twenty years. This w is worthy of con sideration, and this seemed to be tlie proper occasion to embody such an amend ment in the bill. Before long something must be done in regard to these unclaimed private lands now hanging in suspension. Mr. Best (Minister of Lands) observed that it would be very difficult to embody a provision of that kind in this bill at the present very late stage of the measure. It was a matter of very great importance, and required the fullest consideration: It was quite true that in many cases people might obtain a title by fifteen years' ad verse possession, but- in other cases it was necessary for them to hold the land for 30 years. The State had more or less ad mitted tlie principle of this suggestion, as far as Crown lands were concerned. If a man had been in nossession of Crown lands for a long period, they liad sought not to disturb him, but there would be a degree of harshness in turning out men who had been in possession of unclaimed land for 15 or 30 years and selling those allotments quite irrespective, of the im provements, no doubt illegally made, and putting tlie money into a trust fund. (Mr. Langdon— " Who. - is going to pay the local rates due on these allotments ?") At this juncture he feared there was 110 pos sibility of embodying sucli a provision in the bill. Mr. Graves expressed the opinion that the suggestion made by the lion, member for Wangaratta and Rutherglen should be "considered 15y the Government, because a huN»e number of these unclaimed allot ments were let for periods of from five to seveu or ten years at nominal rents by the municipalities for; arrears of rates. There ought to be some legislation on. the sub ject. (Mr. Best — " The municipalities have power to sell the land for the rates.") The® present state of affairs was very un satisfactory. .The subject then dropped. The mem ber for Wangaratta and Rutherglen, Mr. Bowser, intends to bring in a bill to deal with this question-. A Wealthy Negro.— The wealthiest negro in the world is John Knight, who, freed by tlie war of 1862-65, emigrated south to tlie Central American State of Guatemala, where he founded his fortune by starting a farm on which he grew bananas ancl the costly " vanilla bean. Now Knight has vast tracts of coffee and cocoa plantations, gold mines, a bank, a line of steamers, and the Government of Guataraala owes liim so much money that his income from this source alone is over £50,000 a year. For a man born in slavery this is a fair record. Thrashing a Ghost. — Considerable alarm lias been experienced by timid resi dents at Cannington, near Perth, W.A., at the frequent appearance of a conven tionally-attired ghost. Lately a number of the residents'" waylaid the apparition, who surrendered on being bailed up by revolvers. The costume consisted ot a sheer, with eyelet-holes, and decorated with red paint. The party decided not to hand hiui over to the police, but to administer a sound thrashing with a paling. This was accordingly done, aud the ghost whs then set at liberty. 