ITJE LI9HT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. ' Curlos sorlee are told about the powers pons -esited 'bycertain natives of India, who live .p among the Himalaya mountaina These old nido, it is said, have devoted scores of. years to tie study of natural laws and forese, which ?he t+rt of the world knows nothing abbot..- Lately a German professor visited the""adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, fr' 'te' purpose gOtfind1,'g Cm. the ' eserebold their' remarkable SperformanceS. ~bey4trentd hips rather .scur. xily,a?St interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examline some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. Au adept'went with 1$ 'him to a care wherein the the bobeks were kept;.' The place was dark as the bottom of a well.' 7: L"Icant see to 'rehd.t'here,' said the visitor. "Then we will have some light," was the re. ply, and immediately,(the profesaer says) a soft Pearil llglt brightened the cave. ! He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that It had one m trange quality-`-& 'cast not the sighliate shadow,. ' This is a story hard to believe, et its'truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, ahd you w'h6' now read it- have no a reason for doubt except that all the light o havo seen have cast shadows. Belief dr uno belief commonly runs parsallol with one's own Sexperience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at -the ac count of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. "In the sprini of 1888 "..writes our corres' poendent, "I fetllpto'a low, .weak,1 and languid state. 'I feltlow-splrited aid out of sorts. At first my stomach' was deranged my appetite poor, and after eating I had a pain and weight at the chest; '-Iwts'mnch troubled with wind, and frequently sp at up a sour fluid, also bitter bile.- Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depreslon of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relievin' me. At last 1 heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and pro. cured a supply. After I had taken only a few t doses I found relief ; my food digested, and graduaally all nervousness left me. Although I hail no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it iesed,' Iow gladly admit its value, and its power.over disease. SBlnce my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup I have been in the best'of health and spirits. a In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it is duty to .sed this testimony. (Signed) D. ',Grinffiths. ,15l Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June eight, 1803." m , There is 'a deal of difference between Mr. Griflith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified' without more trouble than it is worth. On' the other B hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will B answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at at his.nddress. Finally, there Is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Scigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on" the "theory that :most ailments are but 8 synptoms, forms or phases of that, universal 3 discas--indigestion and dypepsia; it cures 8 that and throws the light of health and happi. hi over hearts and homes where illness and pain T had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. 7, And that is why people believe all that is told di of its success by eager witnesses.; 