Jagglin and bis Bank Holiday. Jagglin was known in his Oily office as 'The Sheep.' It was a huge establishment, devoted to the management of an export buuness. Most of the clerical work was oone on the spaciouB ground floor, but a few of the departments ware located in dim upper rooms and regions, where the ghosts of dead aBooontants seemed to walk. The management was not very strict in those days, and so there were afternoons of royal hilarity m parts of the building. None of the traditions of staid, decorous City offices were rospeoted. By some ourions law of social gravitation, a host of rollioking Bohemian oharaoten had drifted there to try the refuge of clerical qnill-dtivi&g;, after warming and burning tloth hands before the fire of life in many quarters of the globe. One was a respectahle violinist, and, incredible though it may seem, the notes of his fiddlo might be heard full often in the sloepy afternoons in the upper rooms, and even on the ground floor, when the heedless head olerk was either drinking over the way, or sleeping lu any out-of-the-way oornor. Yes, there were days of royal revelry m that queer refuge of sinners, the Koh-i-JNoor bnort Company, Tlimited. Jagglin'a business was to help in checking the weekly retains from oertain agents and collectors. Jagglin was nnpopolar, bccause he was oonBcientious and a grind. Ho kept to his desk and his pen the live-long day.: He never joined in any rovelry, in any practical ]okmg; he never laughed at a flash of humour, he never went for a spree, he never smiled, he never heeded anything in particular. He wore a crushed and worried look, which, as one of the Bohemian ' clerks' remarked, the JJevil, Dr. faustus, and an amateur photographer could not change if they tried till Doomsday. He worked on listlessly while his fellow olerlis discussed on the Saturday their" •""-it- Monday arrangements, and made ce of the Oiystal Palaoe, 'Appy Ham-: i, the nearest racecourse, Bamtgste, Margate, Brighton, or Heme Bay. • 'Blow me,'-said the^nprosnonaSmithson at last, ' TU not go for the holiday till 1 make thisnightmare Jagglin laugh. Or I'll stand dnnkB all round if any man can do it Done it must be somehow. Oarse it I can't stand it soy longer, this moon-faced melancholy of his.* At that jnoment Jaokson, the violinist, jstruok up the merriest time he oould imagine, the others staitod an impromptu dance, fimithson hauling out Jagglin and whirling him round in a wild whirl which threatened every moment to send him oft at a tangent against the door or the wooden boards. But it was no use. Jagglin was nonplussed to be sure, bnt. his expression of sheepish Btolldity was more pronounced than ever; Smithson lost patienoa. The mad whirl ceased. Smithson rushed to his desk, produced a big bottle of whisky, and while two others held down Jagglin, and Jaokson played • Drink, Puppy, Drink,' he poured au intolerable quantity of the fiery liquid down Jagglin'a throat. Jagglin rose to his feet, and looked wildly about him.. He lurched backward, he lurched forward. Then he gave a wild, unearthly yell that rang shrilly through the building, and made lazy clerks leap from their seats downstairs. Smithson, Jackson, and the company roared. But in a moment their faoes changed. The head olerk opened the door, and looked sternly at tho group. The ringleaders in the little episodo looked nearly as sheepish as Jagglin was wont to look. On the present ocoasion, for the first time in their history, Jagelin was the first to break a painful silenoe. ' Wel-wd-welcome, old-old-Pluto to our in-infer-infernal regions,' he said, huskily, lurching violently against the chief cl^rfr. The impact seemed to madden him. ' Dogs- and-and-devils,* sir,' he shouieci, ' do you stand in a gentleman's way—do-you ?' But before ha oould get farther, the chief olerk had struck him a resounding blow on the nose. Blood flowed forthwith. Jagglin put a hand to the damaged organ, and then held tho hand forth covered with blood, as he cried dramatically, ' Oh, that this were for struggling humanity 1' As the listeners roared in one wild chorus of laughter, a fury seemed to seize poor Jagglin. He rushed forward, struck the chiti olerk blow for blow, rolled with him on tho floor, rolled through the doorway, down tie stairs, rolling on the landing, down the noxt stairs, the while the clerks of every department in the building struggled round to get a glimpse of the extraordinary fray. Oagglin's state and stupor made the struggle a really ludicrous one. A dozen times he beat the air or the hall instead of his opponent. His language was ohaotic; but his opponent was grimly silent. On and on the struggle went, till the combatants were thorougly exhausted, and Jagglin oould beat the air no more. Two olcrks kindly saw him honi6 to his suburban cottage. His old maiden aunt, who had tyrannised over him since the day he was left an orphan in her charge, had almost a fit when she sa.v his state. But the long-meek Jagglin meant to stand no nonsense. He lashed hor wilh a scornful tongue. She went upstairs and lay on her favourite oouoh in deepest hysterics. All Sunday Jagglin was sullen and sulky. On Monday morning he was worse. Aunt Maud could endure it no longer. She flew into a passionate fit of weeping, then took down her bent bonnet, sallied forth, and sought the excursion train at Heme for Margate. By this time the whole street had heard of Jagglin't outbreak. But while many cronies disoussed it in varions moods and ten6es, Jagglin went out into the pleasant little hack garden, threw himself on the Beat in Aunt Maud's summer-house, and slept the sleep of the jUBt. Hour aftor hour glided on, while many %' sound of Bank Holiday revelry woke the neighbourhood, but Jagglin woke not. Many a time a pair of bright eyes peeped over the wall from the adjoining garden, and a troubled light filled them when there was no sign of Jagglin: Kate Green was keeping house that day, and her heart was ill ut case. Once as she pecpod, a surprise was in store for ber. Jagglin had woke np, and was peeping slso. Their facca almost met over the same point of the wall. Jagglin jumped on tn the latter and seized Ksto in his arms. 'Katie,' he cried, wildly, 'I never could toll you cf nay' love til! new.* Katie said no word. Her teart almost oeasei to beat, so great was her tenor, for at that interesting moment four Of Jagglin'a offioe oomrades appeared in the garden, led; by his aunt, who had returned in tims to admit them. She had missed .tho excursion train. Kate flew sobbing to her own house.' Jagglin looked sheepish once more. The clerks offered a thousand congratulations. Jagglin swore in most nngenUemsnly fashion. Whan they rallied him on his fight wiih the chief, his face felL Surely that meant summary dismissal on" Tuesday. ThM meant poverty and Worry. And Katie!- But thoy shortened his agony. ' The chief was as drank as younelt, Jagglin, and he remembers nothing. We saw aim to-day.' .*.'- As a matter of fact the chief danced at Jagglin's and Katie's wedding a. month later.— W. P. B. 