The Voice on the Stairs. BY "RITA." Author of "The Sinner." "Kitty the Bag;". "Peg the Bake," "Ending of my Day, "Sheba," "Countess Fharamond," "A Woman In It."' ka, In, Ac. COPYRIGHT. I "Then it's not trne, 3Ioily?" _ "No dariin. Don't ye be payin" any heed to sich stories. Thrue Is it? Haven't "I been .here at Banfuriy since -I was the height of yerself. Don't I remirnber yer gran'falher, ould Sir Lucius. Ah, 'twas he was the "fine gtatleman wid an. oath always handy, and the masterfnl way wid him— for he" couldn't bear contradiction— and for- the matter of that no more can yer own father. I nursed him and Mr. Standish, and . I was here whin yer mother came as a bride, and I had ye in my arms whin ye was born, and as I toutd ye before niver a sight nor a sound av'uny ghosts, and being so long in the family they'd have been payin their respects to me- self before this If they'd have had any sort ;av dacent manners at an at alL" . "It's not a ghost. It's a voice," persisted the child. "And GaUagban was telling ;ine about it. Ir's a whisper she says comes down the long corridor, and it's a warning to the person who hears it, and if they , don't heed it something dreadful happens to them." "WeU, that's a mighty sensible ghost I'm thinkin'," said Molly Magrath, "for people generally do come to grief dariin" when they disregarded warnings — if so be the warning is sensible it sH. So may be Mary GaUag ban had some truth on her tongue for once- But there — come and sit down and have yer tay, chHd— and.don't be worritin' yer pretty head wid ghosts and thim sort." The child drew near to the tea table. She was a small, pale, slip of a creature, with a frightened look in her soft bine' eyes, and that shrinking nervous manner -which Is. In Itself an advertisement of unhappy chUd- bood. And Manreen O'FarraU was unhappy with, that hopeless unhappiness which is the out come of crushed feelings, tyrannous usage and general misunderstanding. She was the only chUd of two singularly unsuited par ents, and had Used in an atmosphere of storms 'and disagreements ever ' since she could remember. Her mother was a beautiful woman, high spirited, passionate and reckless, who had married a "nmn much older'than herself for I sake of his wealth and position. She found herself In the power of a tyrant, the victim of incessant jealousy, and the butt of a temper alternately cynical and morose. When after three years of this -life she gave birth to a daughter Instead of an heir she had filled the cup or her offending. - The O'FarraU property would have to pass to a brother of Sir Lucius, whom he hated and had quarreUed with years before. He brooded orer. this fact until he had -magni fied It into a wrong jointly committed by mother and child. Poor, little Maureen grew up in the shadow of fear. Her mother cared Uttle for her, her father was only an objecr of terror to her young mind, and her only friend and comforter was her old nurse, Molly Magrath, to whom her troubles were. alwavs confided, and who tended and cared for her with aU her honest loving heart. Still it was a sad life and a lonely one for the child. Ranfnrly, her father's "property, was situated in a wild and desolate part of the west coast of Ireland. The house Itself was old and gloomy, and. she used to creep about the great rooms like an uneasy spirit, afraid ot the rnstUng hangings of the win dows, of the shadows larking In the deep re cesses, afraid" most of all of the great cor ridor to which the. famous oak staircase led —a vast space lU-llghted and fuU of mys terious-corners, and hung with ancient pic tures whose gloomy faces and strange fixed eves used to terrify the Uttle girl as she flitted by on her way to the nursery, where alone were light andralr and brightness to be found. On this evening, when she had ficlshed her tea, Maureen drew her own little chair up to the bright fire, and sat there leaning her fair head against her nurse's knees and lis tening to her kindly chatter. "MoIIv." said the child, at last. "\Yhy. doesn't "Unde Standish ever come here now?" t "Faix, dariin'. it Isn't for the Ukes of me to be giTtng ray sons for family quarrels." "There was a quarrel, I know," continued the child. "I heard my father speaking about It to-day, and mamma got so pale and looked so angry." . . "Did they say anything about yer com in down to the party, dariin?" asked Molly. "I've got' yer white silk frock ready-for ye in case ve might be wantln' It." Manreen shook her head. "No," she said. "I'm sure they don't wish me to come down. And, Indeed, I'd rather be here, Molly." The old woman stroked her fair hair sllentlv, and they both sat gazing into the fire and listening to the rising wind as it sighed and walled around the gloomy house. "Twill he a wild night for the party," said Molly, at last. "Not that the quality care for. a tbrlfle of -bad weather . In these parts. Ye was sayin' about yer ancle, dar iin". I did hear some talk ar his coming to night. Bnt perhaps yer mamma tonld ye?" "No," she said; "nothing. .Is he really coming, Mclly?" "I conldn't say for sartln, dariin', bnt there must be somcthin In it, as the red room has been, got ready, an 'twas always his room. It's many n long year since he set foot in Banfuriy. Ah! 'tis he has the kind heart, as iveryone. knows— maybe a bit too soft where the ladles Is consumed." . She stopped abruptly, remembering . the keen, yoong cars strained for her incautious words. "Ob, I do hope he will come,'! exclaimed Maureen. "Do yon think he will ask to see me, Molly. Surely mamma wouldn't mind — and yet- — " Her eyes contracted, and a little puzzled frown drew her smooth brows together. She was trying to remember something— some words tbat in that stormy encounter between her parents had flashed tike steel from its scabbard and struck her mother pale and doinb. . . "If It were Standish, and he were In my Place! Do you firocy I am blind, my lady because I don't choose to see? Yet— — " And then she had slipped away and left them. What had the words meant? Did her mo ther really wish the younger brother were In the place of the eider? Owner and master of Banfuriy— one beloved where the one was hated, one respected where the other was only feared? " Twin be a grand party IntlreJy." con tinued Molly presently. "Twtaty-foor to din- ner .ac 'taste- ; An: wasn't I lookin' at yer mother's diminds.this very.-. morula an m,iw sparkiin that lovely on the satin av hec gown." "I wish I could see her." said Maureen, wistfully. and why not?" said Molly, coolly. You've only to stand 'at the comer where tne corridor turns, and yeM see her come oat av.her room m' go down the s trlmse. ' Ah I -'tis she is the beautiful creature -whin she's dressed, an' wid the jnles on her white neck as grand as any quane— God bless her.' ; "Bat that corher ts always so dark," slid the child, with a little shndder. "An what av that? "Who's soin' to hurt ye, dark or no? There's no place yell see 50 welL barrin tbe dminrocni Itself; an_ ye say they've not axed ye to go in at ail r — . . . Maureen shook her fair head. Then sud denly she rose and leant her arms on Molly's lap, her little wistful face upturned to the one ttoft had ever shone with love and tenderness for her. iloliy/' she said, "I was a wo- ' V<larihi-, don't be wishln- any. sich a ac a11- , 7113 « Power av sorrow they're JtTV af -wake craytnres at the, hesc, MeaelX, F"taver thronbied me head about the, bhoys. There niver was one I'd be talkia' V , - .o5e hoanrhry round. There was Ancy Boyle as was thro win' an eye at me once, she went oh reflectively, "but divil a bit av use. An a poor husband he'd have made, seein' 'tis three times in gaol he'3 been since Christmas. -I niind once arm was round me waist, but I up an' jumps out av tbe place afore it iver got any further: Buc there, dariin', don't ye be thinkin" on thim subjects, for swatehearts are poor things an not worth the havin whin we've got thim. Not that the.guris helave It; an'- niver a one In the parish but has her heart set on a wine colored cashmere to be mar ried in, an lets the first man as comes along pnt the comedher on her. An what's the end av .it? Living oa the clippings av tin, as likes as not, for want av a look round the eonter instead av a jump In the. dark." '. The child sighed and' slipped down again 1 on the rag "by Molly's side. "Two hours yet before the quality will" be arnTta," remarked Molly, presently. "And me lady will be wantln' me to help, her dress in an honr. It's a shame Sir Lucius doesn't let her have her own maid, not that there'd be much for a maid to do, an thim stuck up foreign maddams wudn't live a month In a" place like this, for the misthress tried kapln' one whin she first married, an niver a one wnd stay." "Mamma goes out verv seldom," said the Child. - "Thrue for ye, dariin, an' 'tis moighty rare to have any .entertainin here either.' Sorra a bit av a party here I seen for these eight months- rill to-night. Whist! what a night, too! The wind's' moaoln round the place like a layglon of Banshees!" "Perhaps," salil Manreen, "the people won't come, Molly.". "Oh. they'll come, dariin, fast enough'. There's not too much diversion In these, parts at the best av times, an weather's' hot likely to stop it whin there's a chance av any.: "I. should like to see them;" said Maureen, wistfully. "Will all the ladies be as beauti ful as mamma?" " "As beautiful. Is it?" Faith no! 'Twould be hard to bate her, agra. Not that she's the same woman she was ten years ago, hut time and. trouble, dariin, have a dale to answer for wtd us women. But there— don't be look tn" so solemn, child. It's nothing to do wid ye. Now git yer doll or yer books an' play, here till I come-back to ye. An' mind, if ye want to have a sight of yer mother jlst go down to the corridor, an wait under the big picture . where the turn is to the staircase, an' ye'll see her beautiful. An' don't ye be thinkin av ghosts an sich like, for they're balnt -no sich things, barrin' a banshee or so as comes to visit the raal gintry. Now ye wont be lonesome, will ye?" "Oh, no," cried the child, cheerfully, as she took her doll from its cradle, and then went over to her favorite shelf of fairy tales to select a volume. She seated herself once more by the fire, and became absorbed In the sad adventures of the "Little Mermaid." She did not know, how long or short a time bad passed when the door opened quietly, and someone coma into the room. She glanced up, thinking It most be .Molly, but" to her surprise it was . a stranger— a man middle aged, but strikingly, handsome, with a kindly smile on his lipa as he met her startled eyes. "Why, Maureen," he said, "little Mau reen. Don't. you know. me?" She rose to her feet, shy and wonder tag." "No," she said. "Who are you?" "I am your uncle Standish," he answered. "I thought I would like to see my Uttle friend again, for we were great friends, Maureen, the last time I was here. Let me see, that was four, no five, years ago. Yon are 10 years old now, are yon not?" "Ten years to-day,", said the. child. ; - No one had remembered her birthday save' only her-falthfnl old nurse, Molly. No good wishes or presents had celebrated It foe her. " - "I knew that," said her uncle, smillng.- "And If you will. come here and give me a kiss; and say "How do you do, uncle Stan dish?" I will show, you a little present I have here for you." There was no resisting tbat kindly voted and face. The Uttle girl forgot her shyness, and went over as be had asked. It seemed strange, that, he -had remembered what her own parents had Ignored. He bent down ta the little pale face, and kissed it. "May yon have many more birthdays, Uttle one," he said, "and may each he hap pier than the last. And now here is youc present." . - - He took a small case from his pocket, and opefllng it revealed a locket, with her mono gram in pearls, and suspended from a fine gold chain. The child gave a cry of rapture. It seem ed to her .the loTollest thing she had ever seen. She could scarcely believe it was meant for her, even when her uncle un coiled the "chain, and fastened it round her neck. . . "Oh, bow good of yon to think of me."- she cried. "No one else did— except Molly." "And your mother, surely?" he said. Tbe child shook her fair head. "No, I think she forgot," she said, simply. "Per haps It was because of the party to-nighf. I suppose that is why you came," she added, gravely. An odd expression shadowed Standish O'FarraIVs expressive face. "Yes," he said, '"that is why I came. And I remembered it was your birthday, and I thought you would come down to dinner also." She glanced down at her simple frock and childish pinafore. "Oh, no," she said. "Tlicy would not let me do that." "Not even to dessert?" he said. "Perhaps If I spoltc to your father " Some remembrance of the scene of the morning flashed across the child's brain. "Oil, please do not," she cried, entrent- ingly. "They — I mean father— wonUl only he angry, and I am much happier here." He snw she was in earnest, almost pain fully so, and ceased to press the point. "Woli; come and sit on my knee and talk to me," he said cheerfully, and took Molly . Magrntli's big easy chair and drew Maureen towards him. She had quite got over her shyness now, and sprung lightly on his knee and began to talk to him In her quaint, old fashioned way lu answer to liis questions. They were laughing together over some story he was telling when ngniu the door opened, and Maureen, to her amazement, saw Iier mother enter the nursery. It was altogether so unusual a proceeding on the part of Lady O'Fiirrnll that the child stared at her In speechless surprise. Her hair was dressed, hut she hud only thrown on a loose sort of wrapper, through wlicse sheeny silken folds licr neck and arms and the beautiful contour of her figure were plainly visible. Her checks were brightly flushed, her eyes shone like stars. To the child she was as ever— the embodiment of all feminine loveliness. The man looked nt hor with sad. grave eyes. In which reluctant admiration showed Itself. , He put the child down, and they advanced nnd shook linnds. . ' "You found your wny. bere, then?", she . . eald In a low voice. "I have only just heard v you had arrived." .... ' She took no more (notice of-.tlio,;cliIld than if shc imd boeii n : block of wood; onlyl beck oned him nslde'to the. window, and kept' him there for: a . few moments In earnest- eou- verentlon. . . . . ; Mnjirecn wondered what tliey . were talking.- about. She ouly: caught' stray , words here and there,; ' Jit seemed ns.lf her mother were nrglng something to 'which. :her uncle oh- . Jected; hut he pleaded -.vainly ngnlnst her urgent persuasion, nnd one by ono'sho com bated bis arguments, until, half reluctantly, lie gave the' promise she demanded. "I tell you," she said at last,- "It Is life or death. I unist have the money, niul this \- lu the only way. At least they are worth . £10,000. Live here a day longer I cannot . -I will not!" He gave a warning glance In Maureen's . direction, but the child had taken up lier book, and was paying no attention to them. A brief time longer Lady O'Farrnll linger- . cd talking In the same subdued whispers; . then declaring that slio would scarcely have time to dress, slip hurried .away, only nod ding carelessly to the little girl as she passed her. It seemed to Maureen that a change came over her uncle Stnndlsh. His face lost its genial smile, his eyes looked sombre and un easy. Ho no longer laughed aud chattered ., to licr, luit stood 'with Ills elbow on the man telpiece, gnzlng Into the bright fire. The child's fine tnet kept licr from dis turbing him. She lind boon well schooled In Bclf- suppresslon. After a wllllo he seemed to remember her . presence, and once more began to talk to her. lint the chain was snapped. It was an effort to him Instead of an nmusement, nnd : ycT soon he hade her good-nlglit to go to . bin room to dress for dinner. VI am staying the night here, yon know," . . he. said. "So I shall see-you again." . He_ licnt . down and kissed licr, and then stood for a moment, his hand: on her lieail, \- looking sadly at the. fair'halr and the little, wistful face. "Ah, why weren't you a boy, Maureen?? "e sahl, sadly "And my. enemy Instead of your fntlier's?" \- ?Acn' b? .went nwny. it was tvell - that neither of them knew'wbnt would hnve hnn- pened in. that ill-fated household before they met again. \- Maureen grew, more and. more restless as the time went -on. At last she decided she would go down, to the long corridor, and en deavor to sec lier mother as she passed in Jer bravery of .sntin, nnd Jewels to tlie rccon . tlou room .below. ' ,s(oI, d91wn the stairs' as the ciock pointed to five nilnutes before the hour, nnd ' 2 ?r''wavTto- the 'corner of which Mollv fri .u?i,-COni' ...Vhs- CMtalftlyroUscuro enough ' mI '1?'', Ucr' tot'. the corridor was. always Son c" to-nlglit proved no excep- ' wh?n .w f "too'-v jnhon tip .her position Hnn ,- t- hor mother's dressing- J?i?, opet'e1- "ud she enmo out. The child' . lobkort at her In breathless awe. A vision so -Si, seemed to her almost unnatural. Her gown of white sntin trailed behind her- dia monds glistened on her white thront and arms. Slie passed along like a queeu In lier -Sn /i' ''"''heean to descend the stairs. Suddenly It seined to the child that a cold Wind siyept through the gloomy corridor. It sighed past licr like a living voice, and In its mournful passage n strange sound walled out, and then died Into the silence. Was it Sj'. '"ul,,n word l-oally sounded? The ehl d felt as If an Icy hand hnd sol/.ed hor to its grip. SLo lind no power to move or ffpenk. Suddenly her mother's voice broke sharp- ly and yet with a thrill of fenr In Its clear notes across the stillness. I "Who spoke?" it'snld, and she half turn ed, mid atood looking up the stnlrs she had -descended, ' one hand on the oaken balus trade, the light falling, ou her pale and Startled face. " There -was no answer. II .She stood as If expectant, then turned \- again and went on down the broad stairs, the satin of her gown rustling faintly as she moved. It Maureen scarcely waited for that trailing lecho to cease ore wtli a low cry she dashed from her hiding place, and Into the dressing oom whore Molly stood putting away the (odds and ends of her mistress's completed (toilette. "Saints and angel, child! whnt's the mat- ..tor at all?" she exclaimed, as Maureen flew to her, crying nnd trembling In sbccr bodily terror. |- But the child was almost speechless, and It took all the old woman's powers of Scolding nnd soothing combined to calm her Into her old self again, f "There Is a voice, Molly," she cried, nnd that wns all she would say. "There Is a .Voice. I heard it, nnd mother beard it as Bhc passed down the stairs." I "A voice, ncushlal" — nnd the old woman jerqssed herself hurriedly. "Ocli, shure. It's wrnmln' ye nro. 'TIs the wind howling— ldldn't I hear It meself?" ( But Maureen only shook her hcnil and maintained that not only had she henrd the strange whisper, hut her mother must also have done so, for she had paused and turn- led to call up tbc stairs, and asked who had spoken. Molty Mngrath censed to argue the point; j she bustled' nbtiut, tidying0 the room, and then made up the fire -and took the- child I back to her nursery. Bnt even when she wns undressed and safe In lier own little bed, Maureen could not sleep. She started at. the slightest j sound, and grew more feverish nnd restless I as the night wore on. To please Maureen ! Molly left the night lamp buriilng when she went to her own bed In tho'ndjolnlng room, nnd, bidding the child shut her eyes nnd try to sleep, she set herself to follow her own advice. The sound of carriage wheels died away at last. The silence of night descended on the house. Still Maureen lay there wide awake, j her eye's staring at the light,' her brain 'filled with a thousand strange- nnd thronging fancies. The very stillness of the rooui be came oppressive. The sighing of the' wind had grown fitful as the gnle died nway. The sound of a clock striking in the dis tance reached the child's cars. One— two— . It was 2 o'clock In the moruliig. She longed to sleep. She drew the clothes over her head and lay quite Still, as she had been taught to do when quite n little thing. A lulling cnlin began to steal over her excited bruin. Its unnatural activity censed to tor ment her. She seemed to he slowly drifting nway 011 a dark sea, and thought for a time whs extinguished by the torpor of sleep. Whether hours 01 moments bad passed she could not tell, but suddenly she started up wide awake, feeling as If the low, mulfled shriek she had heard was still ringing In her ears. All was silent. The room was half lu sha dow, the fire had died out, the lamp was but a feeble glimmer of exhausted light. - An Im pulse, overpowering nud forcible, lunde her spring from her bed nnd rush to the door. Outside nil was darkness, but n gleam of moonlight fell through the uncurtained win dow of the landing place, nud scut n milky track wandering along to the head of the staircase. She crept along that track, led by some dim Instinct. The fantastic tumult in her brain had grown suddenly enlm; all feat- had left her; she only felt that she must go on and down to the long corridor. It was from there the shriek hail ascended. Step by step, one small cold liaud clinging to the balustrade, her eyes wide and strained, guided only by the quivering Hue of moonlight, she made her way down wards. Tbc corridor was dask nnd full of shadows. Ouo solitary lamp was flickering on a bracket. There was no other light. Bat It seemed to Maureen as If external illumina tion could have shown her no more than she felt she saw— a white figure lying still nud silent nt the head of the great staircase. Horror seized the child as she gazed down nt the bloodless face, the staring eyes trans- fixed by terror unutterable, the parted lips, nnd gleaming Ivory teeth. She crouched down beside the motionless form, and her hands touched the still warm body, but it wns growing momentarily more stiff and rigid. Maureen started up, nud screamtul aloud. In n moment doors were opened, lights flashing, all was confusion and dis may. She remembered no more. The silence of desolation and ill-repute liad descended- In Bunfurly House. Tlfe tra gic dcuth of Lady O'l-'arrall had never been quite satisfactorily explained. To those who had seen her nt hor dinner table that night, lovely, Joyous, radiant with health and life, It seemed altogether horrible to think that a few hours later she had been found mur dered la Iter own house. Robbery wns supposed to liavo been . the motive of the. crime, for her diamonds were gone, and 110 trace of them liad ever been discovered. The robber must have heeu secreted In 'the house; an easy matter enough on that nlglit when doors uml windows were open In all directions, and so many strange servants about thnt an' unfamiliar face would have excited 110 remark. At the Inquest-nothing was discovered in the way of a clue, and, the usual verdict, "Murder by some person unknown," ended the mystery of Hint tragic nlglit. Stundlsli O'l-'nrrnll never crossed his bro ther's threshold, never wns seen to speak to him again from that hour. As soonVas the funeral and Investigations were over. Sir Lucius shut up the house, leaving only three or four old servants to take care of It, sent Maureen to a school, nud went abroad. Might years afterwards lie was found dead In his bed In a third-rate hotel in Purls, where lie had been living. Death was certified as due to heart com plaint, accelerated by fast living and . abuse of stimulants. After his death his brother Sir Stiiiidlsh succeeded to the property, and cuinc to live at Rnnfurly. Maureen was now eighteen. A beautiful girl with n face of Intense melancholy and eyes tliut seemed almost to hold some haunt ing terror In their depths. Her uncle removed her from school as soon as the house had been put Into order, aud she came to live at her old home again. Life there was one rather to foster than banish melancholy. Her uncle hail nged wonderfully 111 these few years. His hall- was quite white. Ills erect figure had become bowed nud feeble, Ills ge'nlul face and plea sant smile hnd given place to nu expression of all-nhsorhlug sorrow. People talked and wondered nnd shook their heads and murmured of uncanny deeds and an evil fate nttendlug the O'Fiirrall family. It ivnB certainly no place and no life for a young girl, and Maurccu grew pale and shadowy and silent. The spirit of some struuge doom seemed for vver brooding about the silent rooms nud dusky corridors of the grim old mansion. In licr own old corner of the nursery sat Molly Magrnth, nil ancient crone now of 70, for ever telling her beads nnd crooning old stories to nu .Imaginary child. Her hralu hnd never quite recovered the shock of that awful night when her nursling's screams hnd summoned her from her bed nud slit- had found lier mistress lying stark and stiff In the loug corridor wltli the Imprint of cruel fingers 011 her hare white throat, the life choked out of her by some ruthless hand, and the child lying in ii dead faint beside ber. Sometimes Maureen tried to get her to talk of thnt night, hut It was only foolish bubble, nod tbc mystery seemed destined to remain for ever n mystery. Everyone evniled the subject. Her uncle would never spouk of It. The servants had all left except Molly. I11 vnln Maureen sought for clue or begged for enllght'cnmenr. Even the newspapers containing an account of the tragedy hnd been kept from her, ami at this late hour It seemed hopeless to gut copies anywhere. Aud yet day by day, no sbe lived her ordinary life, nnd went about ber ordinary occupations, Maureen felt that the mystery of her mother's fate wns he-' coming a haunting spectre to her. It met ber In a thousand memories of ber unloved and unhappy childhood, It hniintcd the rooniB thnt her mother hnd occupied, above all It haunted tbc long corridor with Its gloomy corners and Its rows of dismal por traits. Sbe never passed through it but sbe seem ed to see that queenly figure descending the broad staircase, tlie diamonds.'. flashing on ber white throat and In her beautiful hair. And all that grace and - brilliancy nnd beauty bad been ruthlessly crushed out of ber. in one moment of murderous rapacity. It seemed awful to think of, and yet she could not bnt tlilnk of It. She believed now In the legend of the warning voice, believed that It bad Indeed breathed Its fatal message to her mother's car. What deed bad she contemplated when thnt pro phetic "Don't" walled like a walling wind through the silent corridor and arrested btr step. Ob, If she had listened— If she had .be lieved. - Maureen had lived a year with her uncle, and every day aud month of that year had only meant tin Increase of dreariness aud melancholy for both. One evening be had retired to the library as usual, and sbe was sitting reading a- book III the room she had fitted up nnd chosen for her own use. . Suddenly she remembered that she had. left a notebook in which she hnd made entries and extracts from her favorite authors In the library that nftornoou, where she lind been reading some of Shelly's poems. She rose nt once, nnd ran lightly down the stairs, qml entered the room. Her uncle was standing before ail old-fashioned escritoire, looking into nil open drawer. So absorbed wns he that he did not seem to hear the girl's entrance. Wondering what kept htm so still, she crossed the floor and looked over his shoul der. In a moment he had eraslied- to the drawer I11 nervous haste, and turned nud faced her angrily. "How dare you steal on mo like that?" he cried. Tlie girl shrank hack, alarmed -at his an ger, especially for so slight 11 pause. She excused herself, and ' explained that she had come for lier notebook, and having found It, left the room. But when slio bud closed tlie door she sank nt the foot' of the staircase, white aud terrified. Ere the drawer shut she hnd caught tlie glitter of diamonds — a lifass of diamonds gleaming and spark ling under the lamp rays even as the ill- omened jewels on that fatal night. Could they be the same? Had her mother been murdered, not for the sake of robbery, after nil? Sbe remembered oue jewel — n star with, on opal centre aud five great points ot-l'lght,: Surely It was that same stur she hnd"Jis't seen! < ' She rose and stumbled confusedly; 11)1 \ t he stnlrs, and went to lier own bodroodi. y-Her uilnd was inndc up. She would open 'that- drawer by fnlr means or foul — see If hef-sua- picions were correct, nud then — her thoughts travelled no further. The goal of her dis covery wns her limit. Time passed on, nnd she hoard doors closed and barred, and then her uncle's step pass ing to his room. She fancied lie paused he- fore her door, hut -she hud blown out ber light, and after listening a moment be passed ou. Sbe shuddered ns the Inst echo died awny. Tlie horror of her own suspi cious was maddening. She waited on nnd on. It wns past mid night. Then she took up ber candle and softly opened her door. Darkness every where. Nothing stirring In the whole house but herself. Softly and swiftly she passed along. She reached the top of the .staircase. She lnld one baud on the balustrade nnd began to de scend. Suddenly a cold wind rustled by, seeming to chill her very life with Its freez ing breath.- Slie stopped, nnd there facing her I11 the dark below was the white figure uml lovely- face of lier mother. She caught the slieen of sntin from the trailing gown. She saw "her hand ' raised to lier hare white- throat. Then like a flash the form wus gone, and on her ear sighed a walling voice. "Don't," It whispered; nnd all whs-dark nnd silent once again. ' Maureen stood like a figure of stone, cling ing passively to the bnlustrnde, but Incap able of speech or movement. Should she lieod tlie wnrnlng? Should she return and leave suspicion unverified? Gradually the frozen blood grew wuriner, her- heart ceased to throb so wildly. Slie told herself she bad but fancied this scene, and moved slowly down the stnlrs ouce inore. Slio entered the library. How cold and dark nnd gloomy It. looked. ' Before her was the old escritoire; and oil It stood two tall silver candlesticks. She llt thc-m and -.then surveyed the drawers, nud Marvelled-, 'how she was to open them without keys. Her eyes fell on the desk of the escritoire. .Shc- trlcd it, nnd found that It was unlocked. She lifted the lid, and saw lying in n corner a quaint old key. Seizing It slie tried with feverish fingers the drawer she hnd sceii open. It opened nt once. Slio looked In. it wns empty. Think ing she might hnve lulstnken the drawer she tried another, hut the key would not turn Un lock. Impatient lind lingered at her failure she returned to tlie first one, nud jerked It open so roughly thnt It came out of Its place altogether. Actuated by some Inexplicable Impulse slie stooped nnd peered Into the empty aperture. Lying fur back she caught sight of n folded paper. In another moment It was In her hand. The writing was unknown, hut to her amazement she saw It was addressed to her self as follows; — — "To be given to my daughter, Mnurccn O'Farrnll, by iny brother, Stnndlsh O'Far rnll, at sucli period of her life as he may deem best." She sank down on the nearest elinlr and began to rend. The letter was brief, hut every word Eeeiiied to sear aud blister her young heart, with horror. "I shall he I11 my grave when your eyes read' this -confession," It ran. "Maureen, I murdered your mother. 1 murdered her be cause I was mnd with Jealousy nud suspicion; because I thought she loved my brother; be cause I heard her planning to leave me, and eauglit lier In the net of giving him her dlu- monds. I thought It lacant the pledge of guilt; ouly too lute I learned that I hud wronged both. I fled the place I11 horror of my deed and of myself. lie, my brother, kept my secret. Sometimes I wish he hud not — that lie had given me to the fate I deserved. And you, Maureen — must I con fess It?— you are n murderer's child. You She rend no more. Willi one exceeding hitter cry she fell face forwards on the floor, her forehead striking the sharp cornel- of the table, and the blood streaming from tlie wound on to lier white gown. So Sir Stnndlsh found her, to his unspeak able horror, when he entered the llbracy next morning. He lmd removed the diamonds, Intending to have theiu re-set and given them to her on licr twentieth birthday. Alas! there was no twentieth birthday In store for poor Maureen. She' lay In the old churchyard beside her Ill-fated mother long before that day had dawned. VTlic End. 