AjN1 CtLO-COLONIal letter. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, duly 30, 1S9S. (( -Apropos 01 my remarks last week on Mho crude cooks of Colonia," a friend to whom I showed them said they read as though one couidn i: get a decent mcai in Australia and Now Zealand. Of course it was not my intention to infer any such ahsurduv. There is a profligate abundance oi good things to eat all over the colonics. I»ut too often they don't get culinary jus tice done them. So far as mere fodd is concerned the antipodean restaurant heats tlie home one hollow. Jn I believe nearly all colonial cities yon get a meal for. a shilling, which would cost at least 3s. 6(1. here. Moreover, the materials whereof it is composed are of perfectly first-rate quality.) Oniv cooking and service can be criticised. -And the average colonist notices neither. 'J he fact is that in these new countries the gourmet has yet to develop. Men care not what they consume. They eat to live, the creature who lives to cat being as yet non- existent. Still, as. J said last week, one result of miscalling feeding dining is, in hundreds of eases, chronic dyspepsia, and that, as the victims know, means misery. 1 believe doctors allege that every body in Australia (the youngster espe cially! eats too much meat. I looked around amongst the children fully expect ing to find the simple pimple and roseate indications of a too sanguineous physique ubiquitous. Never was"! quicker unde ceived. The New Zealand children are pictures of the most perfect health, with (dean and spotless skins, and often won derful complexions. I didn't see so many young folk in Australia, hut there also they struck me as far sturdier than the fat, white, flabby infant of old England, who is brought up on patent foods, and bursts out in blisters if it even gazes at gravy. The girls of Colonia run mostly fine and large. The fairest I saw were in South Australia, the fattest in New Zea land. They have all, or nearly all, clear skins, bright eyes, becoming blushes, and robust appetites. There was a blue-eyed, tow-headed Hobart houri I sat opposite to 011 the Taruweera, crossing to Melbourne, who could put away three platefuls of steak and fried onions for breakfast with out turning a hair or bursting a button. | fjdie began lightly with porrid with passion fruit. They quite a young tiling, and "What a wife to support," I thought, as I dallied thoughtfully with a stale egg. But 110 one else .seemed to think the young lady remarkable. Poor Lord Brassey cannot be congratula ted on his children's connections by mar riage. Only recently his daughter-in-law's j (Lady Idiria Brassey) brother, Lord . R, ' Neviilq, was sent to penal servitude for (as 1 you know) a most disgraceful series of frauds and forgeries. And now a son-in law, Earl I)e la Warr, is being held up to ignominy as the nobleman Ernest Terali Hooley bribed with huge sums to bait the famous Dunlop prospectuses. The "gu'nea pig" part of the business is _ hot, .1 fear, likely to seriously shock "'society,''' but if Lord ])e la Warr did not, as ilooley al leges, act quite fairly hv his co'leaguc, Lord Albemarle, tilings will go hard with him. Lord Albemarle, by the way, must not be confused with his grandfather, the famous field marshal, whom he recently succeeded. Let us pray that this grand old ghost knows naught' of his degenerate rela tion's. behaviour. Lord Winehelsea, another of the magnates Hooley claims to have purchased, was at one time well known in Queensland, and so was his bro ther, Harold Finch. Mattoii. Lord Win ehelsea, by the way, denies that he got aught from Hooley except shares, fov which, he paid par, and which are now down 50 i per cent. None of the accused, indeed, j aoam illr-ll'nPfl to admit Koolev's Soft 1111- | seem inclined to admit Iiooley's soft im peachments. Unfortunately, cheques are awkward bits of evidence to overcome. Air. Emerson Bainbridge, ALP., who figures so conspicuously in the Hooley re velations, was married last week to a niece of iSir Blundell Alaples, and is now on a honeymoon tour to Australia. He lias, as I wrote you recently, been a prominent personality in mining and promotion cir cles for the last 20 to 30 years, and until his answer to Air. Hooley's allegations ) comes to hand I shall take leave to doubt his having done anything' irregular. Be tween the ethics of a Hooley and a Bain- j bridge there should be a great gulf fixed. On Monday last Br. Cockburn and his j fellow Agents-General met together at the | Victorian oilice to discuss matters , of mil-1 tual interest. The first item considered j was the question of the difficulty in the > acceptance of .Australian tanned leather, or leather . tanned with Australian hark, by the autiiowties of the War Oliiee. The Agents-Generai de cided to make strong representa tions to the Secretary of State.for .the! Colonics upon the subject, which should I include a request that leather tanned in j Australia might be - included under the! designation of "British tanned leather." j The conference also decided to mane; representations to the proper quarter upon j the matter of' the £7 per ton j duty levied on dried fruits. You j -will remember that Mr. Kingston; nromised Mr. • Price to do every- ; thing in the Government's power to get: the.duty removed. It is certainly a glaring anomaly that dried apricots, of which the l colony produces a large quantity, should be included in the Imperial tariff under i "dried plums,"'and so be subject to the duty, whilst dried peaches and nectarines] are" admitted free, and it seems probable j that the Agents-General having moved in the matter the anomaly will be rectified. But it is not so certain that the Imperial authorities will consent to relieve apricots ; of the duty. They may possibly think it j better to bring peaches and nectarines! into line with "dried plums." These mat-1 tors having been settled pro tern. Mr. J. ■ H. Geddes, who has for many years past j taken a leading part in the importation i and distribution of colonial meat here, was ; introduced to the meeting, and j submitted to the colonial repre sentatives several proposals for bring-1 ing about improvements in the I trade. The - nature of Mr. Geddes's proposals lias not yet transpired, but the Agents-General meet again next Tuesday to discuss them, and meanwhile all have agreed to consider the matter "private and confidential." On Tuesday Dr. C'ockburn represented Australia—at any rate he was the only Australian present at the Admiralty—on the British Empire League deputation to Mr. Gosc-hen concerning colonial naval re serves. The doctor, I believe, went mainly with a view to showing that South Aus tralia's withdrawal of her contributions to the naval squadron was not the outcome of parsimony, but of a belief that the money can be spent with infinitely more advantage to the Empire at large on the maintenance of a body of efficient naval reserves in the colony. On Tuesday Dr. C'ockburn accompanied Mr. Percy Arnold, of the Bank of Ade laide, to the Westminster Bank to witness the opening of the tenders for the West Australian loan. Poor Mr. Wittenoom was naturally a good deal affected by the unhappy results of his colony's application to the great British public for a further ad vance, but of coui'se the new Agent-Gene ral for West Australia had nothing what ever to do with the loan, for the whole of the details connected therewith were fixed up before he arrived home, the prospectus being published the day before lie landed. Later the Agent-General, in company with Mr. J. H. Geddes, repaired to Smith field Market to familiarise himseu as far as possible in the limited space of time at his disposal with the methods of handling Australian pro duce in vogue there. and also to make enquiries regarding the impor tance attached to the Government brand of quality upon produce. Although one salesman of note told him that produce was sold solely on its visible merits and without reference to any such certificate, Dr. C'ockburn learnt.from others that pro duce known to have, passed the Govern ment test could often be sold before ar rival 011 the strength of it, and he was therefore disposed to attach considerable importance to the certificate as a guar antee of quality and an aid to sales. I hear, by the way, that some of the Agents-General, taking advantage of the presence in London of the Canadian Post master-General, have been informally dis cussing the present position and future prospects of the "All-red" cable via Canada and the Pacific, and it is qui - on the cards that a formal conference upon that much canvassed project will ensue before the Hon. YY. Mulock returns to "Our Lady of the Snows." Should this be so, Dr. Cockburn will, of course, attend on behalf of his colony, lie is, however, making 110 attempt to bring about such a conference. The Buxton family are well to the front in connection with the Industrial Law In demnity fund. 31 r. Prancis Buxton acts as co-trustee with Lord Wei by, and the sub stantial subscribers already 011 the list in clude upwards of a dozen other "good men and true of the same honored name. The South Australian artist, Mortimer Menpes, is the "Celebrity at home" in the "World" this week. I send you the article to reprint, though I fear it has become in correct to speak of this successful man as an Anglo-eolouist. At one time he did take a fugitive interest in Australian af fairs, and was to be met with now and then at antipodean gatherings in town. Latterly, lie has, however, dropped quite out of our circles. I do not remember see ing him at either of the South Australian dinners, fior was lie to the fore at all dur ing the Jubilee celebrations. Chief Jus tiee Way-may, perhaps, as your leading connoisseur, have looked up .Mr. Menpes, or been looked up by him when in London, but f don't remember hearing him speak of the artist. The hitter's notion of visit ing South Australia seems to have been given up. Mr. II. M. Hawker was again "'among the money'" at the Gun Club on Saturday afternoon, when the Hotting Hill pigeon potters wound up what has unquestionably been the most brilliant season the club has ever enjoyed. The South Australian crack was one of 20 contestants in the Good wood Handicap sweepstakes of .t!3 each, with two lo-guinea cups added, first miss out. Mr. Hawker "was 011 the 2S.l-yard mark with Mr. Ileywood and the Hon. S. 1L Beresford. At the end of the first round the field was reduced by nine, and on the termination of the fourth only four gun ners were in the running, to wit, the three back-markers already named and Mr. Wykhani Martin (204). Mr. Beresford was the first to quit, his sixth bird, though in receipt of both barrels, falling dead inches I clear of the boundary. The next to go was Mr. Martin, whose tenth bird escaped with the loss of its tail feathers. Meanwhile, Mr. Hawker and .Mr. Hcywood had dTop ped every bird put up to them, and with ten kills apiece elected to divide the pool, but decided to shoot off for the cups. Both killed their next two birds, but the South Australian had the pleasure of seeing his thirteenth fall dead just over the boun dary. Mr. Ileywood, however, dropped his rock in fine style, and so became en titled to the pots. 