CHAPTER XXXVIII. RAYMOND BOYD S RETURN. Marian returned home in a most, peculiar frame of mind. It is impossible to describe it; she could not describe it herself. It was a great intermingling of hope, joy, fear, and doubt, first one and then the other gaining the mastery. Athol lived—her own true love ! lie lived, and he loved her still. He had never been false to her in word or deed —but, oh ! he was blind—blind—and she was indirectly the cause of it. And the terrible—the malicious story that he had heard concerning her—the story which had nearly distracted him. Who would have been guilty of this mean, wicked fabrication ? How natural for poor Athol to be angry and jealous, when he saw Raymond Boyd at the gate, and she had sent him away—scornfully refusing one word of explanation. But in one short month he would perhaps be well—his sight would'perhaps be restored, and then he would know all —he would know how true she had been —how fondly she had always loved him. When she left the train at Broxbourne she hired a fly to take her home, and urged the man to drive fast. What could ail poor • baby ? He was well when she had left him but a few hours before— quite well. She hurried indoors, and was met by Maggie, who looked excited rather than anxious. “ What is the matter with baby V’ she whispered. “You must excuse me, mistress/’ replied Maggie. “ I wanted you to come as soon as you could. There is nothing the matter with the child, thank good ness ; but his father is here, Mr Boyd, and I didn’t know how to put it to you in a telegram.” Marian was astonished. “ Where is he ?” she asked. “ Where is Mr Boyd ?” “ Here,” said Raymond, stepping from the sitting-room beyond with the baby in his arms. ‘ ‘ Marian, I am back, you see, aud what a home coming was mine.” Maggie took the child from him, and left him alone with Marian. “ My ship was wrecked,” he said. “ One shaft broke, and we were floating about for three months, water-logged. We had to take to the boats at last, and she sank ; only a dozen ot U3 live to tell the tale. You cannot think, Marian, how I looked forward to my meeting with my wife. I went to your Aunt Lavina’s first, and she told me the awful story. It sounded like the knell of doom, and I have been ill for two weeks. But for that little child, I should wish that I had died with the majority of my comrades. I blessed the great Providence a thousand times for preserv ing my life for the loved ones at home, and then I nearly cursed God for being so cruel to me.” He pressed his coat-sleeve to his eyes, and his powerful frame heaved with dry, hard sobs. “ Marian,” he went on. “ You are bearing your cross with a fortitude that shames me. I have heard of your trou bles from Aunt Lavina, and from Maggie. You are a noble woman. Oh, how gladly I sighted the shores of England again ! how I hurried to Aunt Lavina’s to write to you and to Lilian to expect me next day ! I came with money in my pocket ; I have enough to start life comfortably. A poor fellow in our boat, who was dying from exposure, willed everything he pos sessed to me, because I tended him while he was sick. He had no other friend in the world, he said. 1 pitied him then, but now I pity myself a thousand times more.” “Raymond,” she whispered, “ I am so sorry for you. I know what it is to feel lonely—to feel quite alone in the world— but you have your little child. He will grow big, aud be able to understand soon —he will have something to live for — something to love.” “At present,” he groaned, “I feel more like hating him But for that child my darling would have been here to nieet me” “ Hush ! Raymond. God’s will cannot be questioned. ’ “ God’s will is cruel,” he said, fiercely. Then he added, softly : “I want you to show her grave to me, when you have time, Marian—when you have rested.” “ I will not be long. 1 must relieve Maggie of her charge while she looks after the lunch. In the afternoon, Ray mond, I will show you Lilian’s grave.” ■She could feel sorry for him ,now ; his trouble seemed terrible, now that her own future showed promise. She found a long letter from the Duke of Medford awaiting her, and it was filled with glowing descriptions of her father’s progress. A short note from her father was enclosed. He seemed to write a sensible, hopeful letter, and spoke of coming home to stay with his girls again soon. He had no use for any keeper now. His only trouble was an occasional loss of memory. Raymond Boyd spent the rest of the day at his wife’s grave, and he took apartments at a hotel in the neighboor hood for a few weeks. “ All I love i3 here,” he said to Marian. “ I can come in and see my little child, and then sit at the head of my dead wife’s resting-place. Soon I must take the care'of the child off your hands, but not yet—not yet. It is not right that you should be troubled by other people’s children —but I know that you love the motherless waif—and Mag gie loves it, too.” Two weeks passed quickly, and Marian was wondering how Athol was progress ing. She had written to Dr. Allbright, but received no reply. Only two more weeks—only two more weeks, and then she would go to Cranlaigh Fields—she would tell her darling how she had always loved him. She would not wait for the doctor’s invitation. One morning she received a telegram. She opened it with trembling fingers. Was it from Dr. Allbright? No ; it was from Bedfordshire—from the Duke of Medford, and only contained a few words : “ I am coming to see you about your father. Mebfokb.” What had he to say about her father ? She hoped that he was not worse, for Bates had been sent home a week ago. Well, useless speculation would not help her; she must wait until the duke came. He arrived about midday, and his face bore an anxious expression. He was ushered into the drawing-room, where Marian had been awaiting him for an hour. “I am not the bearer of good news. Miss Tremayne,” he said, gently. “ And at the same time I have nothing very serious to bother you with—at least, I hope net. Your father fell down a flight of steps this morning, and has broken one of his legs.” “ No-no 1” “Yes, unhappily. Of course, a surgeon was promptly in attendance, and if we could only keep him quiet all would be well, but he,declares that he is dying, and you must nurse him. It is ridiculous, but the physician is of the opinion that unless you come immediately, he will bring on an illness that will be fatal. We would have him sent home, but he cannot be moved.” “ And what am I to do ?’ asked Marian, in distress. “ I will escort you to your father,” was the quick reply. “ I am positive that his life depends upon it. You may not be wanted more than two or three days. As soon as the pain of the reuniting bone has passed, lie will be the first to acknowledge his folly. There is no time to linger in doubt. It is life and death. A train leaves here in half an hour, and it is only a journey of about two hours. Come, Miss Marian.” “ Don’t you think that Bates had better be sent on also ? It is not a ten minutes’ drive to Dr Hunt’s ?” she asked, ner vously. “ There is no use for his services ; he would really be in the way; indeed, the very sight of him would make your father think that he was under control again.” There was no gainsaying his plausible tongue, and he looked so genuinely anxious and worried that Marian did not entertain; the faintest suspicion. “ We must catch the next train,” he added, “ or we shall not get to Bedford shire till nightfall, and the roads are very bad,at this time of year.” “I will be ready in ten minutes,” she replied. "Will you wait here, my lord ?” He inclined his head, and if she could have seen the gleam of triumph in his eye she would have been frightened. She went hastily into the room beyond, where Raymond was seated playing with his child. She told him briefly what had hap pened, and whither she was going, and kissed her little nephew fondly. “ 1 shall be back-in two or three days at most,” she said. “ I do not like flying about the country in this way, but there is no alternative, and the duke has been very kind to us—to my unfortunate father.” “ If you will write or telegraph to me when you are ready to come home, I will be your escort,” Raymond suggested. “ I will go with you now if you like.” " There is no need. I do not wish to offend the duke. I was very cruel to him once before, and am on my best behavior now.” There was a ghost of a smile on her face. “You will fetch me home, won’t you, Raymond ?” “ The very instant I get' your com mands,” he smiled. She rejoined the anxious villain, and Maggie saw them to the door. “ It was fortunate I anticipated some thing of this kind,” Marian observed, “ otherwise I could not have dressed so soon. I have been able to bring no lug gage with me, but Maggie will send on my trunk to-night. Marian found that the journey occupied nearly four hours, and when they reached the railway station nearest to the duke’s country house, it was quite dark. A handsome carriage, harnessed to a pair of dashing horses, was awaiting them, and the duke conducted Marian to a seat—the door was banged to, and the vehicle was put into swift motion. Her companion had scarcely spoken twenty words during the whole of the journey, and all at once a fearful feeling of depression came over her. She seemed to the very, marrow, for it was a bitterly cold night; it was sleeting fast, and a cutting wind was blowing from the east. What appeared to be an interminable drive came to an end at last, the carriage being pulled up with a jerk. The duke at once sprang up, and Marian was conscious of a sudden blaze of light. The door was snatched open by a powdered footman in gorgeous livery, while others stood under a brilliantly illumined portico beyond. The duke stepped out, and assisted Marian to alight, and as she passed up the marble steps that led to a handsome, colonnaded hall, she was conscious of several servants eyeing her curiously. “ Welcome to Medford!” said the duke, “and may your stay be a plea sant one !” (To be Continued ) 