THE MOUSE CURE. (BY W. L. ALDEN.) "There was a temperance chap in here the other day/' said the bar-keeper, ' " and he talked for abont half an hour on the evils of drunkenness. Now, I reckon that I know about four times as much about drunkenness as that chap ever thought of know- ing-drunkenness being, as you might say, my business, and though I don't doubt that he meant well, he was just wasting his breath trying to tell me that drunkenness is à mistake, and that I ought. to. go to work to beg drunkards to reform and sign the pledge. Did you ever know of any thorough-going drunkard that was re- formed in any such way? What's the good of teasing a drunkard into sign- ing the pledge ? That don't make him any less thirsty than he was before, does it ? And what's the good of telling him that he is a blamed fool? You can't talk sense into a man who never had any room for it. As for all these gold cures and suck-like rubbish, they make me tired. Ifs all foolish- ness to pretend that you can pre- vent a man from coming into a bar- room and ortlerinsr a whisky plain by giving him a little medicine. Now, Sam Foote's plan for reforming drunk- ards was a practical one, and for u, time it did have considerable success; bat even that failed after a while', as every sort of cure for drunkenness, except locking a drunkard up, is bound t » fail. If I had my way I'd lock every drunk- ard up in solitary confinement with hard labour for life. That would make bar-keeping twice as respectable, and, consequently twice as profitable as it is now. " What was Sam Foote's scheme ? Well, I'll tell you, if you' care to hear about it. You see, Sam was one of those fellows who are always looking .out for-a short cut across lots as -the easiest way of getting rich, instead of sticking at some, legitimate work, thé same as you and I do. He was an ingenious kind of a chap, and every now and then he would hit on an-idea : that promised to bring him in a good steady income, but somehow his schemes always failed. The way he came to go into the drunkard-reforming business was by degrees. He began by reform- ing cats, and there is no denying that he succeeded. Sam had a cat, by the name of George - Washington, who was . the most everlasting fighter you ever knew. Ile had such a reputation anions Chicago cats' that every night there would be at least half-a-dozen cats in ' .Sam's back-yard who had come there to 'fight George Washington'for the cham- : pionship. George, he would tackle them in turn-ipne dpwn-another come on, and : there wpuldX be the biggest kind of a row all night long', and the neighbours : would come round to; Sam's house and threaten to have v bun and his cat in- dicted as uuisaupes.. Sam knew that couldu't keêp-'his\çat'from fighting if other cats came , int» : lus ' yard.-^fid he courant see any wayof keeping strange, cats out of the -yard except by silting, up all night and fighting the .jests huh-: self. However, after thinking the matter over for a couple ..of weeks, it occurred to him that illuminating oil might help to ' make 'George* Washington so unpopulär that other .cate would let him alone. By illumin- ating oil I don't mean oil that- you burn, but the sort of thing that you can buy at the druggist's, and that shines of its own accord in the dark. Sam laid in about a quart of this oil, and late one afternoon he rubbed it into George's, fur. When it grew dark George began to shine, and by the time the moon went down he was shining away in the back yard like some new kind of fireworks. He looked for all the world like a cat. that was oh fire, and blazing away as if he had been in-, sured for double his worth,, but of course there wasn't any heat in the oil, and the cat didn't feel uncomfortable except that he didn't like to be made too conspicuous. Along-about nine o'clock the usual cats dropped in to see if they could bring off a fight, but when they saw George they yelled ' Fire * and 'Murder ' in their own language for all' they were worth, and left for home without stopping to ask if they could be of any help. After that first night there wasn't a cat in Chicago who would come near Sam's back-yard, and the neighbours knew what it was to be able to get a few hours of quiet sleep. George naturally didn't like the lone- someness of the back-yard, and for a while he used to cruise round the block at night looking for a cat who would be sociable enough to do a little fight- ing ; but every cat, and for that matter every dog, that saw him bolted without waiting for any explanations. " Seeing how successful he had been m putting a stop to cat-fighting, Sam thought that fae -would try -the effect of iUuminating oil on mice. He told everybody that he had discovered a way of driving rats and mice out of a bouse, that couldn't possibly fail, and that was free from all objectionable features, such as dying in the wall or getting into the water tank and poisoning it, which, as you. know, is the general re- sult whenever you try to p »ison rats or mice. Sam's idea was to put illumin- ating oil on two . or three mice, and turn them loose in houses where people had more mice than they had any use for. He argued that if any ordinary mouse, no matter how much nerve he might have, should see another mouse walking around and shining like a bull's-eye lanthorn, he would judge that the time for him to emigrate had arrived. The plan wasn't a bad one, for mice don't like ghosts any more than you or I do, and it stands to reason that they would mistake a fiery mouse for a pretty dangerous style of ghost. If Sam bao only advertised his scheme for suppress- ing mice, and had taken pains to bring it to the knowledge of the public, he would have made a good thing of it, bul ho never really tried it but once ; anc the way it happened to work turned his attention to the temperance cause, anc he seemed to forget all about the sup- pression of mice. That's always the way with these temperance reformers. They can't think of anything except the temperance cause. There wasn't any sort of reason why Sam should give up suppressing mice merely because he went in for suppressing drunkenness ; but the minute he set up in business as a temperance reformer he dropped mice, and you could hardly get him to admit that such a thing as mice existed. "The way it happened was this. Sam had a brother-in-law, _ Shearer by name, who was the leading drun- kard in the part of Chicago where Sam lived. One day Mrs. Shearer, hearing that Sam calculated to go into, the mice-suppressing business, asked him to drive the mice out of her own house, for she was, as she said, about eaten out of house and home by mice. Sam was glad of a chance to try the effect of his illuminated mice, and so he brought a dozen mice soaked in illuniinating oil round to Shearer's house, and put them into all the mouse-holes lh-'.t he could find. That night Sliei-.iv.- cane home about half-and-half drunk, as you might say, and went to bed before his wife had a chance of mentioning the mice subject to him. Along in the uiiddle «»f the night he wakes up, and, having a powerful thirst on bini, gets up to get a drink of water. His feet hadn't more than touched the floor be- fore lie saw three or .four illuminated mice making for the nearest mouse-hole. They shone that bright that they fairly lighted up the room,,and when Shearer saw them he fell back on the bed and howled for the doctor. You see he made sure that he had got the delirium tremens, and when "his wife had fetched the doctor, and Shearer had told him what he had seen, the doctor said that unless Shearer quitted drinking then and there he wouldn't be answerable for his life. The result . was that Shearer signed the pledge the next morning, and the Temperance Society gave him an engagement as a show specimen of a reformed drunkard, and kept him «ober for pretty near'six months. , "'Sam understood what was the matter with -Shearer, but -he said ripr thing about it to-Mrs. Shearer. -He called on the President of the Temper-, ance Society, and told him that he had a first-class scheme for reclaiming drunkards, and would put - th'.« Society ,üp to it if they would give him steady employment in the reforming' business, Sam didn't have much difficulty in striking a bargain, for the Society was. awfully in want of reformed drunkards, and the supply for the last year had hardly been worth mentioning. Then Sam told the President how he had accidentally reformed Shearer, and maintained that, with the help of illuminated mice, he could scare nt least ninety per cent, of the Chicago drunkards inte signing the pledge. He offered to go from house to house with his illuminated mice, and do all the work of, reforming on con- dition of being paid two dollars per drunkard, it being understood that that payment was to be made whenever a drunkard signed the pledge/ Now the average cost to the Society of l-eforminga first-class Chicago drunkard has always ^averaged thirty-seven dol- lars, as the. President admitted t > Sam, and nobody can deny that Sam's offer was dirt cheap. " For the next few months' Sam was mighty - busy. He dealt only with married drunkards, for the reason that he"always required a confederate in the reforming business, and a drunkard's wife was naturally the very best con- federate that Sam ould have. He would go to see a drunkard's wife, and offer to reform her husband fir nothing. The woman would jump at the chance, and no matter how much she might bate mice,' she was always willing to have Sam bring his illuminated mice into her house for one night only. More than that, she, would undertake to wake' her husband up iu lime to see the illuminated mice in his bedroom, and to,let on to believe that he had the delirium tremens the worst way. When Sam had pnt a dozen of his illuminated mice in any particular house he instantly sent word to the president of the Temperance Society, who would happen to call at the house in a careless sort of way the next morn- ing with a blank temperance "pledge in his packet, and in nearly every case that pledge would be signed within ten minutes after the president produced it. They say that Sam reformed 73 IgWHncr drunkards in the six months that he was in the temperance business, besides inducing over 200 plain ordinary drunkards to sign the pledge. He used to c< une and tell me about it, and I used to encourage bim to go on in bis work, for Fm down on drunkenness as much as any temper- ance man can be. I advised Sam to add a few illuminated snakes to his stock of reforming mice, but he said it wasn't necessary, and I guess he was right. His success »s a reformer : attracted a great deal of attention, and one of the medical journals had a long explanation of the reason why a* man with the delirium tremens saw illuminated mice, instead of snakes and monkeys, aa used to be the case. The chap that wrote the article said that the awful adulteration of Chicago whisky was what made drunkards see mice, and he. warned everybody that it was next door to certain death for any man to drink it. Of course, this was all rubbish, for our whisky is about as pure as whisky can be, and a great sight purer than any water that was ever drunk within ten miles of Chicago. But that's the way with people when they try to ex- plain things that they don't know any- thing about. The doctors had talked about illuminated mice being the result of putting strychnine into whisky must have felt pretty small when the truth about Sam's way of reforming drunkards came out. " Now. Sam, as I told you, never had a cent of his own, but he had an aunt that had lashings of money, and nobody to leave it to. She had always calcu- lated to leave it to the Temperance Society, she being next door to crazy on the subject. But when she heard that Sam had turned temperance reformer, and was gathering in drunkards by the waggon-load, she made up her mind that he was one of the noblest men on earth, and that she would leave her money to bim instead of leaving it to a society. Naturally she was anxious to see Sam engaged in his great work, and so she wrote that she was coming to make him a visit. Sam laid out the price of his last dozen drunkards in fur- nishing a room for his aunt, and cal- culated that she would stop with him for the rest of her days here be- low, which couldn't be many, seeing as she was nearly seventy years ' old, and suffering from dyspepsia, which the sort of cooking that Sam's wife served up would be sure to 'make worse. "The old lady was delighted with Sam's success, and told him that she always believed that he had thé mak- ings of a great and good man in him, ,and that now she knew it; which, con- sidering that she had always told Sam that he was a born idiot and scoundrel, showed that her mind was weakening with old age. I will give Sam the eredit of doing everything he could to make his aunt happy. He fed her on the very liest of pork, and he gave her the most expensive brand of temperance bitters to drink; not those cheap bitters -that are made of methylated spirits, but a really first-class article, consist- ing of the very best brandy, with a few harmless fixings to disguise the taste. All Sam's friends considered that he had a sure thing of coming in for the old lady's money,.and he told me that he didn't think the happy event could ,be dilayed for more than a year. But things didn't pan out that way. About six weeks after Sam's aunt ¡came to live with him, he upset a tiage ;of illuminated mice that he had just prepared for active service, and the ?whole lot escaped. Sam didn't think anything of. the accident except that it ^obliged him to illuminate a fresh lot of ?mice for use that same night ; but it so 'happened that nearly all the mice ran into the aunt's room, and hid behind ¿the furniture. When night came on, ¡the old lady went to bed as usual, and after she had blown out her candle, and the house was quiet, the illumi jnated mice began to promenade round - fthe roiui as mice will. When Sam's aunt saw them - she expressed her views of mice in general, and Sam m particular, in a voice that was heard ¡ten blocks away, and that brought np the police, and a fire-engine, in less than five minutes. You see, what ¡excited her wasn't merely the mice, though, being a woman, of course she was more afraid of them than she would have been of so many mad dogs ; but she was mad all over at the idea that Sam looked on her as a drunkard that needed to be reformed, and had let his mice loose in her room for that purpose. They say that it took four policemen to calm her down, and that they couldn't have done it if one of them hadn't happened to have a bottle bf tonic in his pocket. Before Sam got home from his reforming duties jbhat night the old lady had packed up find left the house, and there was an (end of Sam's hopes of coming into her Ï* roperty. What was about as bad was he killing of one of the illuminated mice by the police, which naturally gave away Sam's entire reforming racket ; and in the course of the next day or two everybody in Chicago knew how it was that Sam had contrived to reform all his drunkards. That put an end to the usefulness of Sam's illu- minated mice, and it led to the back- sliding of all his reformed drunkards, who were that mad at having been cheated into reforming that they went to work to makeup for all the drinks they had missed during the time that they were reformed. Well ! Sam made a good thing out of his illuminated mice while the game lasted, and that's about all any man can expect to do in this weary world." _ 