WOMEN BULL-FIGHTERS. ' - The New Woman in Mexico. An Exciting Contest. I contended that there were - no "new women' in Mexico— that is to say, among the ' natives, says a writer In the 1 " Argonaut." But, said iny friends, triumphantly: . "'Tou come with us to the bull-fight next Sunday and see whether there are or not, before making such wild statements. You'll find that Mexico Is, if anything, ahead of your Anglo-Saxon races in the matter of 'new women.'" . Therefore I went. The occasion was the debut of a cuadrllla of lady bull-fighters, and a big crowd had congregated out at the Bucareli Bull-ring to see the fulr senoritos. Everyone was on the tip-toe of expectation until the. ladles -enter ed for the promenade, and loud was the ap plause when they did appear, certainly quite fetching in their torero costumes. They were rather pretty, all Spanish, und the com binations of colours they hud -selected were certainly all -that could be desired. \- At the start-olf some quite pretty work with the capa was done by Lolita and Ange- lita, the object of their attention being a frisky ydung bull. ' The crowd liked this work, and applauded the senoritas loudly. After that Angelita very bravely knelt in the ring and challenged the bull. At this everyone yelled and applauded; the band played the "Diana" over and over again, while up on the sunny side the peone shriek ed "Bravo— bravo, Angelita!" and flowers, dollars, purses and spools of thread came rat tling Into the ring. Next came '.the banderlllas, wielded by An gelita and Encarnacion, Owing, I suppose, to the fact that a woman's aim is never what it should be, In every case except one the banderlllas went very wide of the mark. In fact, the little torete seemed -to 'regard It In ' the light of a frolic, and frisked around in the happiest manner. The banderllla work. was not a success, though one must say that THESE STRONG-MINDED WOMEN of Mexico got much nearer to th6 bull than the average new woman of America would care -to do. The picadores were eliminated, and so the next thing to the banderlllas was the killing! Everyone was on the qui vive as Angelita took' the sword, determined and calm. She wore a beautiful combination of purple and silver, and looked very pretty indeed. For about four minutes she laboured with all her might, but the naughty little bull refused to be touched. He frisked about wildly, and made divers alarming butts at Angelita, in reply to her attentions with the sword. Twice she was "bunted" and rolled In the dust of the ring, and, had It not been for a male torero, who was In the ring to assist, Angelita might have got her own quietus in place of the toro. As It was, no harm was done, except to the bull, who received scratches and cuts from Angellta's sword until he must have wonder ed what sort of matador had hold of him. No doubt it was as much of a surprise to him as anyone else when the fair torer finally did touch the vital spot, and the poor little toro bit the dust, and finally rolled over, dead. Again the audience. shrieked, and stamped, and bravoed, and more dollars, and flowers, ,and spools of thread tumbled down at the fair Angelita's white slippered feet. She tripped about from side to side, bowing, with hands on her heart, to the sol and then to the som- bra. It was rather funny to see a woman up roariously applauded for work that a man would have been hissed and hooted for, but it goes to show the innate gallantry of the Mexican people. THE NEXT BULL came In, and again two of the girls teased him with the pretty capa work. In this they do very well. In the cloak-play there is no aim" required, and it really is not difficult for feminine hands. All you have got to do Is to flap the cloak at the toro, and, If he gets too near to you for comfort, dodge briskly behind a barrier. But the girls came out of the capa work without accident. The banderllla work with this second bull was on the same line with the first— that is to say, about as bad as it could be, and even the good-natured audience could not keep from groaning. For my part, I groaned for the bull. They jabbed at him, and scratched, and stuck him, until it was a sight to behold. Out of the two banderlllas they sometimes placed one, and then the girls would rush off, and bow, and spread out their hands in alarmed gestures at the bull, who appeared thoroughly dumbfounded and utterly at a loss to know what it all meant. Again Angelita was called upon to take the sword and kill the toro. With Spanish grace sha bowed and beckoned, and went through all the usual preliminary motions and then made the first whack at the little bull. She aimed from a close distance at the neck; na turally the sword took the animal STRAIGHT IN THE RIBS. The bull went for her, head down, horns out, and evidently with the idea of doing murder. If the man bull- fighter, "El Negrito" had not' been in the ring Just then, no one would have known what happened, Angelita having lost lior sword. It took quite a time to get the bull sufficiently smoothed, down to give him another thrust, which took him in the neck, near enough to the vital spot to tumble him: But he was by no means done for, and It was only after some sharp work that the little bull .gave up the ghost and stretched himself out on the sond. The decorated white mules dragged htm out a moment after amid the plaudits of the crowd," to Join his compadre outside in the corral, whence next day would be sold nice beefsteaks and "rosbif." So gcod- bye, bull! The third bull was brought In and tlie capa work commenced again, but we did not stop longer. I admitted that the "hew women" of the United States were not "In it" with the so-called too feminine and cowardly women of Mexico. Because, where is the strong- minded American female who will, single- handed, or with the help of "El Negrito," for that matter, face, torment, and kill a bull as did these intrepid females? 