jnCSff JIBtig^^D-JND; 'By Jnhn U. Bacon, in the 'SlranJ 1 «Mai!««iiie/) Sot )B curious experiences' with regari to the triekery^o£_jound occurred to me during undergrudu ate days at Cambridge, toi^liich ,1 atlnb ito.an early predilection foi the sc ence and ftudy of acouelioj. While; yet an out-collepe raon, I | roomsjin the OM Court of ;Trihity| which* rooms (mil been fiomewhai hurriedly vacitrd by a man o uncertain health and J 'nervous temperament, who assifljied/. no] satisfactory reasons for suddenly gcintf-into lodgings. It »a Ik commencement of a dull October term, and I remember well how th- bed maker tctftnejl ino against the rooms; which the cl'nrocterieed be 'dreadful dismal'' Tho causa, kow ever, of this 'forbidding liescriplin was not. revealed to me till foir. weeks aftefwaich, when boisterou winds chahced to.^et in vtil' gloomy November weaihery abou' which period, when sitting uj. reading, I used frequently to hei- low, moaning suniid*, as if som* creature were in distress somewhere in the lane outside. No ono could explain the phenomenon, and ii was not until months afterwards that I myself searched for ill cause, and after some little diffi culty discovered it.. Ii wis com monplace enough. I.i a i-iie rosin a piece of nail-paper pasted acroj B chink had developed a crack leaving two jagged or tootheil edges, which uncer certain condi tions of draught, vibmted rapid!} together, forming, as it were, » reed, and thus producing Ahe sound above described. That ghost, like nil others in my experience, ^wjs roid/ly laid ; 'but* another uncinny and mine not-; worthy occurrence ahoitly alter-' wards taught me yet more clear!) bow capricious sounds may become and bow hard to locate or explain. In a neighbouring staircise there lived (I beg pardon, 'kept') another. friend of mine, a uian of mucli tougher fibre, who was reading — and over-rending — for a medica . exam., and once, through a sleepier nijfht, be was driven, to distiaciiou by. .'what, in the morning, he described as mysterious voices apparently in the court outside, accompanied by rappings on a tin tray or the like ; yet, often as he rose and went to the window, thtr. was nothing to be seen, and at las his over-wrought nerves gave wuy and were not to bo relieved until some of his friends succeeded in finding tho cause of bis disturbance, which wa; this:. Over the way, in Caius College, where building wa' goin? on, an engine ha1) broken down and workmen had bee a em ployed thiongh the night in tinkering it up. This was tho sole and sufficient explanation. I satisfactorily accounted for t hi existence of midnight voices ami for the weird Uplines, exciteil imagination supplying ell tire res'. The instructive .fact, however brought home to my own mind wob how unaccountably sounds tna\ seem to behave themselves when tbe mind fuih to interpret them ?right, and how strangely (iifferen even a familiar noise mny sound when heard aniid dead silence. 1 has been niv gool fortune more thin once since then to dispel idli imaginings that bad been Ciusint: real disturbance and di^tresp. Occasions aia- have arisen whic)- have «tiinuhied me to construe sound instruments which, in per forming certain novel function* should nttiin oljecls of practice value. For example, on tho occasion of an annual flower show held in my grounds, it has been necessm to summon visitors, maty hundred in number, and scattered over a large area to certain side shown. A horn' or beH tonveyed nothing in particular, but a specially ma-l- trumpet, ringed on a .scaflold 30 feet hi|-h, commanded the whuie ground, and a polite invitation gently spoken to the four win'l- has been daily, heard by nil. S.im ten years ago my attention was accidental}' directed towaid kindre.i accoustical problems by circnmtittnces which again in -y l-- considered as ont-iide common ex perience.. By the kindness and couiteey of. the late Dean Church, I had been been granted tha p.ivi lege ot making use of St. PauiV Cathedral lor currying out certai' expeiiments dealing with terre-triai mn^nftism. I ha'd chosen I'or raj purp-ise. a quiet summer's night, and«ll'«due arrangements having been roi'de, I commenced a lonj! vigil. Bitting Alone for hours in the loftiest chamber of the building watching the readings of an in strument, whileacolleague watcheri a similar instrument in the ctypt 400 feet below. It was while occupying this elevated position, witn attention well braced, and in that night'eilence whieh falls evei. over our great Metropolis, that I learned how remarkably certain sounds can bo recorded over va-t distances. The measured tramp of the policeman rang as sharp or sharper than if 1 hal been on the pavement beside him. Tbe fog horn of the bicycle— then in vogue ? could be hcarci streets awsy, anrl railway whiles on distant lines and hooters on tho shipping far down the river seemed unearthly in their carrying puwcr and clear ness. Tbe experience of thnt night was further conGrmcd ou yet another occasion when, about the same period, \ chanced to irwkn ray firm baloon vnyige, and when, by rare fortune, our builoon diilted over the very bearl of Loudon end ?lmoat directly over St. Pail's Cathedral, at an elevation of 3000 feet above its golden cos*. It wa» a noteworthy voyag«, and deeply imprewid upon my mind afterwords that it was one of the last con fflttdi by tbe lat§ C«pl4l8rDSlef 'who shortly. afters*rds- -loSt iiu\; life while ascending from the Crystal palace ground-. - It waj whils ws .were maintaining a hijp| elevation that' we insde out Kensington Oval immediately below .us, and, we could actually watch* g«'mrofoTicket'iii'prpfrr£ig. Soon, however, it became apparent that plajr was' suspended, anal, then, manifestly in our honour, a ringing cheer came up i with ! «7diBtinctnes- tint I was'wlib'ly unprepared for. 1 ?lejroed; then, that an English' ^heey? a, very arousing, and may become a very astonish ng, sound; Jinj; {njy wgnder-grewis we swept on and presently caught the gather ing rattle of the- streets below, which eopn increased and grew to a deafening roar positively painful by its he rshnejs and intensity. So far, the'ss experiences wore but pi-oofs of the great carrying power aloft of loud and familiar natural noises, but I was. now to i-e,j_nj; pressed quite equally with 'the penetration . into ? upper air- ql Nature's softer ; mtftie. w'lt W« squally weather that day, as even ing approached, the wind grew rough with gathering storm. We were at that time scudding fasi over Hertfordshire, where tbe countrs was well timbered, and ever as we parsed high over woods, then in full foliage, a soft murmur would fill our eirs, and it seemed Almost incredible that .'hi* was but the t issirig trees singing to us half a mile below. There were other sounds, of course. Anon would come the buk of a dog from — where? Or the whistle of a train scarcely yet visible in the distaiioi deep down. , Altogether it was' firmly im pressed upon me that time onwards that a billoan ascent propcily 'lrra'nged'.'. wou'td -Oflei- 'an $te»p lional opp rtunity for studying many problems in sound which could not fail to repay fresh in vestigation end experiment; ani it is not a little curious that, tlthough acoustics have occupied -. lie special attention of many. -cientist-i, no one has come forward io systematically utilise the bdlnon in tbe service of that all- importint bianch of science. 