The Story of u Stampede. A Famous Incident of Cowboy Life in Texas. In 1876 the Wilson Brothers of Kansas City purchased over fifteen thousand head of cattle and arranged to centralise the herd near Comanche Springs, in McLennan County. On the Fourth of July the entire herd was under way, headed for Towash, on the Brazos River. It was a magnificent army of steers, in superb condition, kept together by a corps of twenty-five cowboys, mounted on broncos. At 4 o'clock in the afternoon (writes J. B. Cranfill in the Independent) a black cloud showed above the foothills, and the sun shining against it painted a rainbow which appeared to touch the earth at both ends. The entire herd became nervous, and showed their fear by those low bellowings ominous to the experienced cattleman as the muttering thunder. When the sun set, the cattle were bedded on the plains near the South Bosque. A detail of four cowboys was made for the first watch, and these mounted sentinels took their places and rode silently around the sleeping squadron of long-horns. The first watch ended at 9 o'clock, and the second watch went on duty. At 10 o'clock the cattle appeared to be sleeping profoundly. The cowboys say that cattle dream and see ghosts ; it is certain that this drove of fifteen thousand was nervous, made so, perhaps, by the thunder-storm of the previous af ternoon and the rainbow which they eyed with suspicion. The stars were all shining, and there was no cause at all for the arousing of the herd. They appeared to get up all at once, with a single purpose, and the roar that was heard seemed to come from a single throat. The Wilson brothers and their cowboys, who were sleeping in their camp, rushed to their ponies, who were grazing with the saddles and bridles on, and as fast as the bits could be re placed in their mouths, they mounted and galloped to the flanks of the now disappearing mass. The cowboys kept out of the way of the charging mass, and galloped on the flanks, moving toward the head of the column, hoping to start them moving in a circle. As the herd rushed on, their horns rattled together, and all the horns of fifteen thousand head of cattle rattling together sounded like an immense con cert of castanets. The chief of the Wilson brothers was riding a cream-colored stallion, and he had his Colt's revolver in his hand. One of the cowboys on a gray horse was able to keep up with him. These two dis tanced all the' others. They rode across the front of the stampede, which is a feat attended with terrific danger ; for when a rider is in front of the rushing drove of mad cattle, if his horse should stumble and fall, he may be put down as a thing of Jthe past. The herd will ' wipe him out.' There was a bunch of about fifty cattle fully twenty yards in advance, and towards this leading group the two rescuers rode. Of the leading group, also, some were faster than others, and this group ran in a diamond shape, with two immense steers leading all. When Mr. Wilson and his companion reached the two leading steers they be gan shooting their revolvers close to them, and in that way the bunch was made to oblique, and as the leading bunch of cattle obliqued, the main stampede obliqued, and the first step in ' milling' had been taken. By this time the cattle were getting tired. Nearly five miles had been covered, and the breath 'of the leaders was coming short and painfully ; but they were rush ing on, because the front cattle at this time knew as a matter of fact their only safety was in keeping up the run. 1 Mr. Wilson had a Mexican along, one of the best cow-boys in the South-West. This Mexican had been to the little brandy runlet too often, and his usual excellent judgment went awry. When he succeeded in getting mounted, the stampede had gone past him, so that when he overtook the rear end, he passed to the front on the other side and rode on the wrong flank. When he reached the head of the herd, he was just in time to defeat the manoeuvre then under execution of bending the moving mass from a straight line to a semicircle. Re volver in hand, disregarding the other men, he began shooting in tho faces of the wild steers ; and' the effect of this was to straighten the run and bring the advance straight toward a precipice. This precipice was a wash in the prairie, forming a deep ravine fully thirty yards wide ; and in a shorter time than it takes to tell the head of the column was pouring over, a horrible 'cascade of beef, plunging madly into destruction while fleeing from an imaginary danger. When Mr. Wilson and his lieutenants saw that it was impossible to save their cattle, they saved themselves by dexter ously turning at right angles at full speed and riding out of the way. They next returned to the lank and held a council of war. A few seconds decided them, and all hands commenced shoot ing into the herd, the object now being to build a breast-work of carcasses and save the rear end from the destruction thathad overtaken the front. The gully was nearly full by this time. They were snorting and bellowing, crashing and tearing, and still heaping up ; and when the firing began, the wounded ones tumbled over on the others, and in a short time the gully, like the sunken road at Waterloo, was bridged by car casses. The herd surged up in billows, and bent now because it could not do otherwise. The semi-circle was formed, and Wilson and his men crossed the gully below and rode round the opposite side and recrossed ; and in a short time they had the cattle halted, forming an incomplete letter O, and there they stood, blowing, bellowing, shivering. A.11 hands remained on watch all night, and in the morning, when a count was made, it was ascertained that twenty seven hundred head were missing. There were afterward twenty-seven hun dred pairs of horns taken from that gully. It was called ' Stampede Gully ' for many years afterward. 