CHAPTER TV, Radiantly, fiercely the sun shines down, as though glorying in its own pitiles&ness; and ferocity, baking tlj.e face of the land until all things in it are liketo-die, and scorching all life out of man, birds, beasts, and everything with life in it. The pave ments feel red hot, the cliffs are scalding. Clothing is a weariness and a burden, like wise tiie wearing of ileeh. _ The sight of one's fellow-erealures is a trial, for to talk requires too much exertion, and the near neighbourhood of a -diving thing suggests the absorption of air and the radiating of more heat. The only creature Elizabeth can bear to tliink of now is lie who sat in his bones," and let the wind whistle through liis libs. Two things alone is the sun powerless to affect.-the deep, cool shade close under the huge rock's side, and the sea itself. Eliza beth nestles close into one, and gazes at the other. Tliere is an air half pleased, half frightened about her. An answer has come from Mrs. De Courcy, a satisfactory an swer, and Elizabeth is to enter upon her duties as parlourmaid in a week's time. That shle is pleased there is no denying. She is pleased and excited, and even the curtailing of her visit to Mrs. Heriot does hot depress her. But there is one sore spot in her heart, one flaw in her happiness. When she thinks of her father her heart ginks a little, and her conscience is not uite easy; and she thinks of hi in a good eal while lying in the c-oo] shade of her Cliff, and listening to the plash-plash of the Waves on the hot sands. "He will not understand. He does not realize how times have changed," she thinks, '"and ii-.c. thought of one of us as a servant maid would break his heart." By the time she has thought the matter out the sun has crept round to where she lies, tnd drives her ignominiously away. Rlie gets up with a sigh, and saunters up the steep c.ilir path, and up the garden to the house. Her anind is made up. She will write io him, and tel! hint she has got a situation. She will tell lvim part of the truth-but only pint. '"It is lor his own sake," she repeats to herself again and again. "I would rather tell him the .whole." Perhaps she is wise. At any rate, as far as the present is concerned, for, as it is, her letter spreads dismay, "My daughter, my Elizabeth," thunders the old man, "Elizabeth in a situation! It is outrageous, ridiculous, out of. the ques tion. \Vhy is it; why Should she? It is preposterous. If I can't afford to keep them, why, I'll-why, I'll-I'll set to work myself." The thought of his wonienkind having to work is terrible to him. He turns on his wife angrily. '"They are not happy at home- that is'what it is. That is the reason, and we are driving them away." For a long time he storms and rages, and the probability is that, were Elizabeth pre sent, she would give ill long before he does, and all her future would be changed. It is only when he sits down the next day to write an answer, to his daughter, anil reads her letter again that he begins to take .a calmer view of the matter. "It may be onlv for a little while, Dad, and if I do not like it I will ask you to take me home, and I shall love my home all the better for missing it for a time; but I waut to be doing something, I want to work off some of my su perilous energy, and see a little of the world. The home I am going to is lovely, luxurious, and everything such a greedy being as lcoi;ld desire. Hazel knows the lady a little, and 1 know I shall be well looked after, and cared for." "Um! It seems pleasant enough," he mutters, half unwillingly. "I think it shows great wisdom and judg ment on Elizabeth's part," says Mrs. Basset primly. "And if it does not turn out all she expects it to-well-a-she will be able, as she says, to appreciate more fully her own home." To the easy-going squire opposition is always painful. To him it has always come easier to fall in with a plainly expressed opinion than to combat it, and when that opinion is doubly expressed he goes down before it invariably. His letter to Eliza beth is as unexpected in tone as it is con soling. Elizabeth reads it with a lightened heart, and after reading it she writes at once to her future mistress, fixing day and train, and last details. For more than one reason she wants to have the matter settled, all doubt on the question stopped. "There it is done," she says, with a sigh of relief, as slie sees tlie letter carried aAvay to the post. All's. Heriofc too heaves a sigh, not all relief "though, "11 y dear child, she says, pausing in the act of dispensing tea, aiia trying to look severely at her daring young cousin. "]\iy dear child-oh, Molly,' have some iced coffee instead of tea, do. My dear Elizabeth, if ever my part in this is found out-I shall-I shall cut and run. Your, father's wrath and your stepmother's expression 1 utterly refuse to face." She shakes her pretty head with grave deter mination. "I rather wish Mrs. De Courcy lived a little further away, and that she was an utter stranger to you," says Elizabeth. "But -well, she has. nevc-r seen me with you, lias she, and she doesn't doubt that* my name is really Elizabeth Barry; and, if I go to town, and down to Ma]by from there -oh, she can't think-" "There are a dozen ways of being de tected, of cotiree," says Poppy cheerfully. "Any of your friends may happen to know the De Courcvs-why. Hazel, for one, finds out that she does. There you are; there is a case iu point, or- or-" "But, in the first place, one of the last things any one would suspect would be that lvliv.abeth Basset and Sirs. De Courcy's parlourmaid were one and the same. In the first place, whoever knows you knows that you are not of necessity obliged to work. Her name is changed, her cap will be a little disguise, she comes from London \- that ..vaguest of all starting-places, and you girls have mixed so little up to now, Elizabth especially, with your fellow-crea tures-that you are known to few." A soft littte breeze sighs through the gar den, the first breath of air they hare been conscious of through all that long, hot dav. JSlizabeth raises her face to catch it, and gigbs contentedly. "1 suppose Uhat next week about this time I shall be flying around gelling tea Tor other people instead of sitting lazily drinking it," she says with a little rueful laugh. "Yes, and with a hot, heavy, black gown on in place of that muslin. Oh, I am glad I am not a parlourmaid," says Poppy em phatically. She is lying at full length on a rug at her cousin's feet. "I wouldn't move jiow for all the crowned heads in Europe. If ifer Majesty was to walk in-hullo, here is Baker, and followed by a creature in male attire." In aji instant she is sitting up erect, correct, unabashed. "But-but where is Elizabeth'," she asks, gazing at the basket chair, which a moment sincie was so charmingly filled. But Elizabeth has va nished, and only the mournful creaking of the chair proves the "fact that something more, substantial than a ghost lias recently filled it. Molly in her hammock slumbers peace fully. She is tired with talking, exhausted With the heat. Mrs. Heriot aud the two other girls have but a short time since returned from a luncheon party,. and. liave settled down to a quietly, lazy, thoroughly enjoyable tea in the shady sloping garden looking out over the sea. But to see Mrs. Heriot's smile, and manner of greeting the new comer, whom Baker has just anuounceid, one would think they had all day been sigh ing in bored loneliness, and were ready to welcome eagerly any interruption, so long as it came in the guise of a human being. "Mr. Blenkinsop," announces Baker, mar shaling the new-comer up to them. "Mr. Blenkinsop," cries Hazel, "can it indeed be you? Welcome a hundred times," she adds warmly. "So you are really back in England again. I heard you were, but I could not believe it; I thought you were never, never, coming back to us anv more." "A good many seems to have taken that view of the case," says Mr. Blenkinsop rather gloomily. "At least those who are left." "Left?" she says a little vaguely. "Yes. Seven years in a foreign country leaves one few friends. I think a dog's memory vies well with that of a man-or a woman, and two years is the extreme limit in either ease. "Are you not a little-just a little un grateful?" Hazel looks up at him with re proach in her pretty brown eyes. Her greeting has wanned him, her w<,-rds touch him, his mood changes. "1 am," he says honestly. "I am a brute, or I was. I will not be again. But, honestly, (ill I came here 1 had not had one hearty greeting since I set foot in this country, and I came expecting things.to be -well, 1 suppose in a foreign land one has not .so many calls on one's memory." ? "That should make no difference. I am sure 1 should never forget an old friend if-if-Hazel, won't you introduce me?'' The voice is Poppy's. They turn and look at. her, and the Dew-comer thinks it is worth coming homo to see so divine a blush, to hear so sweet n sentiment in So genuine a tone. , "Oh, Poppet, I bog your pavdon. Tin* is Mr. Blenkinsop, an old friend of mine-a very old friend; Miss Basset, my cousin, Miss Basset, -Mr. Blenkinsop.'"' They resume their interrupted meal, only j this lime Poppy takes the still creaking chair, and "Mr. Blenkinsop subsides upon the l-ug, and the talk falls into easy, fami liar lines. Poppy listens interestedly to the new-comer's taliis of his travels; of his life on a rough Australian sheepfarm; of his eager looking forward to a visit to England, .and the disappointment that visit has brought him. Molly, high in her hammock, slumbers on, unnoticed and unnoticiug. Elizabeth, taking surreptitious peeps from her window, wonders if the stranger saw her hurried flight, and half wishes it was not wise for her not to be seen during these next few days. 