•'ILE UNIVEiLC( OIE GUIlS'" The festive season was at hand, with its countless souvenirs of days gone by, of timany happy meetings, and many a friend never more to be seen at such joyous gatherings. In other words, it was Christmas Eve, and about two hours before midnight. The snow fell in large flakes, wrapping all without in its fleecy mantle. Those within, who had not retired io rest, drew closer around the cheerful fire, or completed their joyous preparations for the next day's cheer, enjoying in anticipation the blithe Yule tide with near friends beloved and trusted. Seated in the chimney corner, roast ing chestnuts, making jokes, Eating pudding a ia Horner, see em. ployed our little folks ; Parents with their guests united, chatting gaily o'er the past;. Boundless cheer, wax candles lighted, oh, that Christmas e'er might last I A striking contrast to all this was Simon Smallcoat, as he sat by his solitary hearth toasting his toes before a blazing fire, and ever now and then sipping the toddy which steamed on a table .at his elbow. Smallcoat- was .a widower of a year's standing. The deceased Mrs Smallcoat had departed this life without having left him any living token of her affection. ?"Simon,' she had raid at parting, 'promise me that you will never take another-wife ;' and Smallcoat who had always lived in awe of his better half, had given the required pledge. But scarcely had six months elapsed when Smallcoat suc cumbed to the dark eyes of Jemima Jessamine, who had at last agreed to become the second Mrs Smallcoat; and this desirable event was fixed for the morrow. No wonder, then, that Smallcoat had ample food for reflection. At first his thoughts reverted to the deceased Mrs Smallcoat, but these not being particularly pleasant, he replen ished the fire, brewed another bowl of punch, and settled down determined to think only of his near approaching happiness. How long he sat gazing into the fire and imbibing his grog is not quite certain, but, :uddenly turning round, he saw, at the further end of the room, and sitting in the late Mrs Smallcoat's easy chair, the deceased lady herself or her ghost ! Now, Smallcoat was not a believer in ghosts. He could not conceive how any person could yield faith to such nonsense. But now there was no room for doubt. There she sat, bony as ever, looking fixedly at him. Smallcoat shook in his slippers, unable to take his eyes off the figure. 'You didn't expect to see me, did you, Simon ?' said the apparition. Smallcoat muttered something about not anticipating that pleasure. ' I just called,' continued the spectre, ' to remind you of your promise. Is it true that you are aoout to marry again?' Smallcoat was silent. 'Do you hear ?' said the ghost, sternly. Smallcoat trembled like an aspen, and vainly tried to articulate. ' Speak !' screamed the phantom, making a threatening gesture. 'N-o,' stammered Smallcoat, in agony; ' no, Betsy; it's all a mistake.' ' Swear I'. said the figure, menacingly. I swear.' replied the terror-stricken Smallcoaa, wit out daring to look at the spectre. A long silence then prevailed. When at last Smallcoat ventured to look up, the chair was empty, and he was alone. All through the night Smallcoat sat in his chair. Morning found his position unchanged. Presently he was roused by a loud knocking at the street door, and, on opening it, stood aghast at seeing the good humoured face of Jemima's father. ' Hullo i' cried old Jessamine; 'not ready yet; why, they're all waiting for you ! Come along, old fellow; make haste !' Smallcoat mechanically put on his boots, changed his coat, and donned his hat, then allowed himself to be led away by his would-be father-in-law.. How lie got to the church he scarcely knew; all seemed to him in a dream. He was only awakened out of his lethargy by the oininous words, "Wilt thou take this woman to be thy wedded wife ? He opened his lips to give an affirmative answer, but his tongue clove to the roof of his mouth. For, just raising his eyes to look at the speaker, he beheld standing on the top step of the altar, with her stony eyes fixed uipon him, the ghostly form of the late Mrs. Smallcoat. Smallcoat's kneesknocked together, his hair stood on end, and an icy tremour pervaded his whole frame. ' Wilt thou take this woman to be thy wedded wife?' repeated the minister, in a tone that brooked no trifling. 'No!' shrieked Smallcoat, making a violent effort to speak, and gazing as if fascinated at the phantom. 'No; it's all a mistake, I never meant to.' Hereupon a scene en;ued that almost baffles description. The bride fainted away in the arms of the brides maids, and was carried into vestry ; the clergyman looked astounded, and angry m'smurs broke forth amongst the bridal party. Old Jessamine, half demented, rushed upon the unfortunate Smallcoat; with his left hand grasping him firmly by the collar he r-ised his right to inflict summary vengeance. Sms!icoat, hitherto spell bound, made an almost superhuman effort for self preservation. In endeavouring to escape he gave a frightful yell, and awoke. His lamp had burnt low, the fire was out, and nothing remained ot his last spirituous decoction. Just then the clock on the mantel-piece struck three. ' Simon,' said Mrs. Smallcoat on New Year's Night. ' don't take more than two glasses, there's a dear; you know how it affects your head.' 