THE SELECTOR'S 0H0I0E. Sib,— The manner in which yon have always wielded your pen in furtherance of, and to conserve, the interests of the pro i dncers of New Sonth Wales, impels me to the belief that yon will not be averse to my recounting herein a few of the hardships under which south-western selectors are obliged to labor. In so doing your readers will bear with me, because, being one of the ' muoh-travelled brigade,' my foremost object was, aud still it, to acquire from existing systems of land settlement in divers countries a thorough knowledge of the pros and cons of the agricultural pnrsnits, and to impart to snch of those who are not unwil ling to accept it— the benefit of these researches, From these practical observa tions abroad, together with the assistance defined from a diligent study of its land laws, past and present, I am impelled to the admission that the lot of the selector in the south-western districts of New South Wales is incomparably worse than was the condition of the 6partan settler under tbe role of Lycurgas. First on the Riverine, the great grain producing centre of this £eid*ridden province, is steadily growing, a system of farming on the halves, a system which, not wholly, but in a great degree inflicts undue hardship on the legitimate selector, while it materially advantages the lauded pro prietary. Defined, this obnoxfous system consists in tho renting by tbe aforesaid pro prietary of an area of land to the selector one-half of the products of cereals from which is retained by the landed proprietary iu lieu of rent, and in consideration of seed wheat supplied to the selector. From a superficial view-point such a system wonld convey tbe impression that the selector, who ie thnsly treated, has not mnch about which to oomplain, yet it is far otherwise. Jnst what Cocky Carruthers and all and sundry fail to take cognizance of ie the unseen aB well as tbe seen, Indeed, the croniea of the Reld administration do point with seeming pride both to the increased acreage under cultivation and the consequent increase in the production of cereals as evidencing the efficacy of its land policy, forgetting, in their enthusiasm, that neither of which circumstances demonstrates the pros perity of the legitimate producer. And while it m&v; be impossible absolutely to say that to motives of self interest is due the action of the landed pro prietor in apportioning his acres for spurious settlement; still, it is quite feasible to assume that to raise the wherewithal with which to pay his land and income tax, is the origin of his motive. Let us proceed to ascertain how far this assumption is justi fied, and to gnagc in what measuro it mili tates against the progress of legitimate settlement. Observing, of necessity, that the succobs, or failure, of the selector, amongst other causes, is due to tbe prevail ing climatic conditicas, under the halves system oven the part-failure of his crop completely cripples him. Where the yield of cereals is equal to the number of bushels of seed supplied Mm, the selector gets absolutely not one bushel as the result of his season's toil, not to speak of tbe loss sus tained in the purchase of farming acces sories, for the keep of himself, and clothing and schooling of his family. On the other hand, ehoald the yield be nausaally large, the landed proprietary secures his 1 whack/ although it represent an 'equivalent' to hundreds of ponnds above that to which be should be entitled in lien of rent, and in con sideration of seed supplied. As an instance of this nefarious imposition, I might mention that in lien of rents for, and supply of seed to sow, 278 aorei of land, a selector on the Riverina— whose name 1 withhold— handed over to the landed proprietary no less than 711 bags of wheat, and retained 710 bags as the frnit of his Industry for the season men tioned. Out of the sum raised from the sale of which he had to buy machinery and other accessories and keep his family aud himself (in comfort.' By this means one landed proprietary in one season accumulated as many as 44,000 bags of wheat, aad others ranged from this number ctown. to 10,000 bags in the season, with the result that many stations hitherto in a hopeless state of in solvency are now free of financial burthen, In many cases within my knowledge selec tors hare left the crops to be stripped and forfeited their ysar*e labor rather than en dure the additional expense. Who, then, pays the land find income tax? And the homes of the (halves' men? Well, Max O'Rell vary accurately described them as (ffiiJe-pott* on the road to desolation. ' In fact, one of these humane owners of broad acres on the Victorian border of New Sonth Wales, and another neat Finley, will not allow the selector to make a home, or even depasture & horse, upon his run. He is pri vileged to lire in a miserable habitation constructed of pine saplings and mad while he is cultivating the soil and cowing the seed, after which time he most pack up his traps a&d; (get1 until the harvest season camea around. And yet the croak-jawed crooks and cronies of the Reid administration wonld persuade city dwellers that their conntry brethren are luxuriating ? in the rural elysium I Bah I Under more just land laws yon would have, instead of a pauper yeomanry, a happy and contented peasantry, whose industry would materially advantage yonr national wealth. As If the miseries herein recited were not enongh to kill the nerve and damn the very sonl of the poor selector, tbe Beid Govern ment, in furtherance of Its aconrisd policy of pr0vincialism, and in order that the said selector might have an opportnnity of send ing hi* produce to the natural markets, has authorised the construction of IIqqb of rail way to distant parts. Cbsars ghost I The natural market? Thus, in constructing, or in ordering the ooastr&otion; of, a line df railway frotn Berrigan to Finley, Parlia ment has sanctioned a wilful, wanton waste of public funds* From the natural market-* acoent on natural — Finley is distant wall nigh 450, or, to be precise, 448 miles. From Finley to the Victorian border is scarcely 14 milee, from thence to Yarroweyah (Vic) rail way station nine miles, and from Yarroweyah to Melbourne about 140— or a grand total ia miles of 160 ftom the seat of production to the Melbourne market. On the face ot these foots and flgnres is borne a wealth of conviction and oomment on the natural^* market— aspeot of the question is qnite un necessary. The Riverina is mainly peopled and killed by Victorians— it is controlled mainly, by the Victorian press— and hence tbe - abases herein recited will continue until the ray ot fearless Truth does expose them in their monstrous nakedness, with apologies for to Jar taxing yonr indnlgenoe. — Your*, etc, cxvia After kerving during many hoars f & a shOD, nothing refreshes like NichoU!* TaKmanlan Dandelion Aie.f OhUdre&GfRackiug; Qotgfci taks Wood's Great A Peppermint Oare,l« Hand mod. Reliable Sterling Silver Leyer* at 25s, written guarantees given for three yean Grand Waltham Oliver Levers, 25a, guaran teed three years, bterling sliver chains, any pattern, very heavy, 6s fid. We give marvel Ions value. All (our watches are thoroughly tellable. We clean Watches thoroughly for 2s fid ; best neWittainiprlngs 2s 6d. All work guaranteed 12 months. Frenchi*, 632 George street, few doom below Lawlen.* Found, a mtot . Uemtndons appetite by drinking .NicholU' TasmanUn Dandelion Ale.} W°9P!f Gmt Psppermlat Que fat Oocghi and OtidsneverfeUstiisaaad UU, 