TERRIBLE BURNING ACCIDENT. A SYDNEY MAN PALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STE IK TO A FRYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a hath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Juris had the misfortune to slip an I fall on the hot water pipes, and before he could be rescued he waa scalded and burnt in a t embie way. The shook' of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr Jai vis, and for a number of ye irs after he was a c infirmed invalid suffering terribly from loepnobor ataxia und other forms < f. i araiysis. A. few months' ago however, senorita begannt > he circuí ate d in the neighborhood that Mr. Jarvis jras getting round again, and that he had had a mos ^ mar vellous recovery from this apparently incur able malady. .-It was on account:of these rumors that a special reporter froin tba Pydn^y Worlcer was despatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to hi i house, 45 Crown-lane, U.ti'iio.' Mr. Thoa. Jarvis was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, aud his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. In re^ly to the preliminary questions he naid :-" You want to know all abu at my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are < B.ricKen as I was." ' " How long we.e you saffering ?" " Well, 12 months ago 1 got so bad that I ' baa to leave off work, and I hay* done n t^irig since then About five years ago next Chri t mas I met with an accident; 1 was badly ec >lded while taking a bath in Pút-street, Sydney. Since the I accident I hr.ve been in failing health, and after four, j ears of gradual develop ment of the malady, I mw forced to give np my billet at the Glebe I-land." " What were the symptoms ?" "Simply indescribable. i be pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as 1 could bear. They were for all the world like a-tit a saw were cutt ng my bones j ' in two *n every part of me. I had ho control1 over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was inces santly sMveringand shaking, and «ouldneither eat noe sleep. On the-23rd Match last!saw a' well-known doctor, and he told me that ray case was utterly hopeh ss. However, he gave me an order to the Director cf , Charitable In stitutions." "Did you make use pf Übe o-de-?" *' v o ; I came home aril went to bed, and have been pretty w Al in bed ever since Five weeks ago I could not walk aero s the floor,; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt thea that it was all over with me, andonly a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending mei and did all he could by opium and morphia pilli, to ease the a¿ony I was in. I was-under him for five or six weeks. He ca ¡ul to the conclusion that I was suffering from ocomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinalchotd, characterise 1 by peculiar «ästurbances of gait, and difficulty in co-onlinating voluntary move \- meats. He told me that I might last' for ten years, and titat I might never get th* use of my legs. ' ' Just the ntihe pa tient kicked his legs \- about with ecergy to show that-medic U opin ion is not infallible.) Well, just as a d owning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea-conveyed by the advei tisementdes -ribing . the eure effected in the ease of another boiler ' maker in Kcgland, which" I read ia the Austra lian Workman, by Dr Williams' Pink Pitts for Pale People. I read in tie advertisement of a "ease which seemed to fit my own. I deter mined to giré the pills a trial anyway, and seat for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical: I was able, to eat and Bleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the urns appetite ar d rest I had for -many a.day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches there ?. l'hey are pefJectly new, and I hare nerer n ed (hem. They were made t or me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, bat I was too weak to use **"rn. and. now I don't want them." "He is 100 per cent, bettor,*' .said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees "TheDr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved'his life, and made another man of hint." " A-friend who called in at this point said 'that Jarvis looked 10 years younger that day than he did a fortnight ago." .** I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back int » my legs. I aseribaall the change and benefit to Drl WiUiims* Pink Pills. They have saved my life. 1 sim in no pain now, white ver. and feel like a new man. On the mantelpieee there is a box of opium and morphia pillB which the doctor eave me . to deaden'the " ëxornei.ting pam.' Bu', they can stay where they are, for! no longer need them. JSvèrybody who knows me has 'been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their ey es. My being . about again has caused quite a censation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it con firms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of th 3 astonishing cures wrought by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale people. They ^cnreJocomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, ant spinal diseasa, abo -toe m »ny disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, euch as ame-nia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous head a he, eto. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the labor party in the N. S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with tile remarkable eas « of Thomas. Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says fae bas known Jarvis from in fancy. He als? knew that her had to give up his work-at Glebe Island abattoirs 12 months ago owing to a malady wh ch-he developed, fie afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed ridden, and that there was iittie chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospi al, as his «ase had been po flounced incurable. Mr M Gowen was, . therefore, like everyone else who knew the fa-da, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicino Co., ¡¡erth, W.A,, who will forward, post paid, on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 3/, or half-dozen for 15/9. See that the genuine Dr. Williams' are gotten; BDWABD Barnett Sc Co., invite the ladies of Albany and districts to have a glance at their new shipment of dress- goods for the winter season just landed ex B.M.S. India. F. A. H. Weston's African Medical Wonder has made a marvellous improvement ia my family's health. - Lassitude, hepatic-torpidity anaemia, and the distressing symptoms attending dyspepsia have all disappeared, «nd the patients servons vigor health, strength, and vitality hav-t returned with in cr ase of appetite und rcfreshine sleep. Tour A'rican Wonder for chit dre > and itifants is unexcel led in its mild and health-piving qualities.-Sumed Thomas Whitton Williams, Hay street, Perth, W.A.. Dose. 10 drops. Price, 3a. 6d. All chemists. Betd toe advert wem 'nt.* 