fflml ito& OUR ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, January' 28, 1898. Mr. H. B. T. Strangways, who now lives the life of a country squire at Shapwick in Somer set, and is seldom seen in town, has just re minded the world of his existence by a letter to the Chronicle asserting his priority of claim to the suggestion of a 'Capo to Cairo tele graph,' whioh Mr. Ceoil Rhodes appears to think was an original notion of his own. Mr. Strangways reminds us that as far back as January, 1879, the Chronicle gave pro minence to a, letter from him advising the construction of a telegraph line from Cairo to Cape Town, and that his scheme was recommended by the then editor of that journal. Prior to this, how ever, Mr. Strangways had propounded his scheme in the Colonies in May, 1875, and had brought the matter forward in the English Mechanic, the Navy, the Times, and other journals. In 1879, moreover, he introduced his idea to the notice of the Royal Geo graphical Society, as a reference 'to that learned body'B ' Proceedings' of March in that year will prove. Besides being the origi nator of the Cape to Cairo' telegraph Mr. Strangways may, I think, lay olaim to having been one of the first, if not the first, to sug gest the opening up of Afrioa through some agency ' similar to the old East India Com pany,' so it was really his idea which found embodiment in the chartered companies that have Bince been formed. In concluding his letter to the Chronicle Mr. Strangways says : — 'The construction of the Trans- Australian telegraph was owing to my action, though after I left the colony other persons took credit to themselves for the sucoess of a work which some of them had strongly opposed.' The fact that Lord Kilmorey has taken the Adelaide outer harbor scheme under his wing does not seem to have impressed the sceptios of the South Australian city circle ' at all, at all.' The prevalent opinion is that his lord ship will fail to briug the scheme to fruition, even as his predecessors failed. He has, it seems, interested several people in the project, for the Agent-General has been visited by quite a number of gentlemen lately, all anxious to get his opinion of the prospects of a rival to Port Adelaide. One individual actually asked Mr. Playford to give him an es timate of the probable receipts of the outer harbor when in full working order, and seemed rather surprised when the Agent- General bluntly informed him that it was utterly impossible for anyone to have the ghost of a notion what dues would fall to the share of the new enterprise. From what I hear, however, the promoters reokon that when completed the outer harbor will almost entirely supersede Port Adelaide so tar as big shipping is concerned, and I should not be surprised to find that for prospectus purposes they base their estimate of profits on that assumption. Among the recent arrivals in London is the registrar of the Diocese of Adelaide, Mr. Augustus Sturcke. He is, I understand, on pleasure bent, and intends to remain in the old country uatil about the middle of May. Mr. W. Pope, who has been rusticating in Somerset for some time past, turned up in town this week to arrange his passage back to the colony. He intends to leave England about the middle of February. Mr. J. T. Haokett leaves for. the Continent to-morrow, and after a brief tour will join the P. & 0\. India at Brindisi. I am sorry to hear, by the way, that Mr. Haokett's health has been very unsatisfactory of late ; indeed on asking a friend what our visitor had been doing lately I was answered thus tersely 'Being ill.' Mr. J. W. Packard does not seem to be making much' progress with his irrigation Eoheme, but I understand that he is now nego tiating with a financial house of very high standing, and is so hopeful of the issue that he is casting round for suitable men to aot as directors of the ooming company. I have not had the pleasure of seeing Mr. Ernest Govett for some time past, but I am afraid that so far as his State Bank business is concerned it is not a case of no news being good news with him. The Agent-General has had no sign from the unfortunate Mr. Cherry since the trial of the aotion for damages last week, and the private detective engaged to watch the unsuccessful litigant has now been released from his task. The result of the trial appears to have been a crushing blow to the unhappy fellow, who went straight from the course to hi& lodgings and did not move out of them for a couple of days. The most important happening of the week so^far as Anglo-Colonial matters are conoerned was the initiation of an annual New South WaleB dinner in London. The promoters of the feast very properly ohose January 26 for their first experiment, that day being 'Foundation Day.' It was of course rather early in the year for a colonial dinner, but though the muster of the representative New South Welshmen of the pre sent was small, the Anglo New South Wales commercial element turned up in strong force, fullysix score souls sitting down to table. The dinner was an entire suocess, for though the menu was not up to the highest Hotel Cecil standard, the wines were Rood, the service excellent, and the oratorioal flood rather less overpowering than usual. Mr. Clement Scott's resignation of the position of dramatic critic to the Daily Tetegra])h, which was made known to the public a couple of days ago, was no surprise to the journalistic world. Most of us I think expected that the now famous Good Words interview would 'cook Scottte goose.'..'- Who will succeed Clement is still a matter of conjecture. I oan only express a hope that he will be as generous ' a critic of Australian Thespians as his prede cessor, who always seemed to have a soft spot in his heart for mummers from 'down under,' letting them down very lightly, when occasion demanded, and always being ready with abundant praise and encouragement for those who deserved it, Mr. Sobtt's nephew, Mr. Besant Soptt, of Melbourne, Is well-known to Australian journalists,' arid the face and figure of Mr. Raymond IJJlay.thwayt, who^'did'^the in terview whibhoausedjiGletaehtt.o sever his oon neotion wSb the; T0/f&ph;ma. be readily^ re: called by hundreds of coioiiista. ; V' .. -. ./,- - Mdlle. Marie Elster, who has just concluded a three weeks' engagement at Southport Winter Gardens orchestral concerts, made a moBt successful appearance at Glasgow on the occasion of the Railway Guards' Universal Friendly Society's fourth annual concert), held a few days ago in St. Andrew's Hall. The fair Australian's associates were Lady Halle, Mr. William Ludwig, and Mr. Herbert Grover. all of whom are, I think, known to antipodeans with musical inclinations. Miss Elster, I hear, has booked a number of im portant engagements for next season. Whilst at Southport she filled the role of prima donna to the Rousby Opera Company, and prior to that was filling a similar capacity in the J. W. Turner Opera Company at Manchester. Mr. Charles Saunders made a marked success at the Festival Choral Society's concert in Birmingham last week, all the principal journals of the Colonial Secretary's city bestowing lavish praise on the Australian favorite, whose magnificent tenor voice and artistio- skill made his rendering of the part of Henry in the ''Golden Legend' especially acceptable to the critics. Ajtouching scene was witnessed this week at Wilbarforce House, the birthplace of Wil liam Wilberforce. Before leaving Hull the Fisk Jubilee Singers, the descendants of slaves in the Southern States, paid a visit to the birthplaoe of the great liberator of tho slaves, whioh is now transformed from an old mansion into suites of modern offices. As Mr. Thomas Masson conducted the negro singers to the room in which Wilberforce was born they stood for a moment with uncovered beads and then burst into ' John Brown's body lies mouldering in the grave.' From all sides the tenants of the offices rushed to hear the harmonious melody, and once more the Fisk Singers lifted up their voices and chanted an anthem 'Arise and shine for Thy light has come.' Miss Nellie Farren was the guest of some sixty members of the Eccentrio Club at a strange performance of ' Robinson Crusoe' at the Brixton Theatre the other night. Thirty motor cabs took . these 'queer cards' to the theatre. Arrived there, after a' perusal of the programme printed back wards, they pelted the performers every few minutes with dainty boxes tied with red ribbon and containing sweets and chocolates, varying their compliments by occasional floral tributes hurled with no light hand. When the author appeared he was bombarded for five minutes with a fusillade of chocolates; having caught some two pounds in his hat he retired and let in Mrs. Crusoe, who expressed the delight of all at seeing their 'dear old friend' Nellie Farren. A frantic outburst of cheering followed, so moving the old Gaiety favorite that the tears came to her eyes as she had to bow again and again from her box her acknow ledgments for the hearty welcome. The authorities of the Imperial Institute are making a praiseworthy effort to get in touch with the olty. They have approached the Court of Common Council with a view to obtaining accommodation in the Guildhall Library for a commercial and industrial news room and for a small branch office of the Commeroial and Industrial Intelligence De partment of the Institute. This matter will be disoussed at the next meeting of the C. CO., and I have no doubt that if the desired space can possibly be placed at the Institute's dis posal the council will readily grant the privi lege asked for. A good deal of discus sion has been raised, by the way, by the aotion of the Imperial Institute 'bosses' in engaging what tbe Chronicle calls 'an obscure Italian orchestra' for the ensuing season. 'Why,' asks that paper, 'do English people, one of the most tuneful races on the earth, possessing the best bandsmen, so constantly ignore their countrymen and pay no heed to musicians who are not Signori or Herren? When the German conductor Mottl, first came to London, and led an orchestra, whioh was largely English, he expressed unaffected surprise and joy at having at last » good band under his baton.' Personally I fancy that it was no mere pre ference for Sigaori or Herren that decided the authorities of the institute in this case, but a question of cash. A good English band is a luxury which in the present state of the ex chequer the Imperial Institute cannot afford. 