AUSTRALASIAN." THIS WEEK'S ISSUE. The special space which is required by the Poultry and Dog Show-the event of the year among Australasian fanciers-haB made it necessary to slightly alter the posi tion of some of the departments, and omit, for one week, some routine features. In the Science article, page 363, it 1B Ehown that one of the uses of bile in the eystem is to nullify the poisonB that mix themselves with or develop out of the food. There is a possibility of its proving an anti dote to snake vctiom. Among the short articles on page 363 (Pictorial department) is one describing the progress being made with the 4,715 miles of railway crossing Siberia, and intended by Russia to connect St. Petersburg with Pekin. The Sun's Corona, as seen at the January eclipse, is described on page 361. An account is given on page 341, by Mr. Alexander Sutherland, of the various un successful attempts which have been made to discover traces of the long- lost explorer Leichhardt. The mystery of Leichhardt will ever be an interesting item in early Australian history. Socialities from Sydney and Hobart ap pear on page 386-7. In the Literary department (page 385) there is a notice of Mr. Andrew Lang's new book, which aims at basing the religious fact on what he holds (with ready faith) to be the proved reality of ghosts. Some in teresting magazine items follow. A short account of those interesting North African negroes the IJausas, who at Kano maintain one of the largest markets in the world, is to be found among the Topics of the Week. The Hausas are now under British influence. An interesting sketch, entitled "Christen ing at the Greek Church in Melbourne," by "Larnook," will be found on page 350. The Lady's ,"department, beginning on page 380, jiolices the principal current events, sueh.as "Fashion at Caulfield," the Geelong Mayor's? Ball)'find Hunt Club Ball. By "Queen Bee." The Syd ney wedding of the season-Learmonth -Cox- which was - celebrated on'"Wednes day, is reported specially for "The Aus tralasian" by telegraph; and portraits of bride ninl bridegroom are given on page 3G2. The turf leader (page 351) hopes that the Y.A.T-C. will continue to give the amateurs o day at Caulfield, and suggests that the Findon Harriers' Cup might be revived. Turf Gossip (page 351) deals with the Grand National Meeting at Caulfield and other events of the week. "Ribbleden" (page 353) gives liis views on the four-mile steeplechase to be decided this afternoon. "Markwell" (page 378) epitomises the doings of the football clubs to date, and in dicates prospective premiers of League and Association competitions. In the Yeoman department (page 344) "Brum" criticises the sheep exhibited at the show of the Australian Sheepbreeders' Association. Under the heading of Rural New South Wales (page 345), a. well-informed cor respondent contributes an interesting article on matters current in the neighbour ing colony. It is the first of a series. In the Horticultural columns is de scribed a destructive scale blight that is killing large numbers of oak trees. The names mid characteristics of suitable shade trees are the subject of a special article. Dr. A. A. Brown, of the Live Stock de partment, furnishes, in the Veterinarian column, interesting and important informa tion about stringhalt in horses, a disease that has puzzled veterinarians for a quarter of u century. 