IRISH REPARTEE. Repartee, or readiness in smart, witty, sarcastic retort, is said to be the highest form of wit. These immediate and felici tous replies, these answering thrusts in mental fencing, these illuminating flashes of quick and lively imaginations, are com mon among all classes in Ireland (writes a correspondent of the London 'Daily Telegraph'). On old Carlisle-bridge in Dublin there was a inut-stall, the keeper of which, 'Biddy, the Apple- woman,' was a better known figure than even the lord mayor. She had a ready and glib tongue, and never allowed a verbal assailant to retire with all the honors. An American visitor, thinking to take a 'rise' out of the old woman, took up one or the water melons she was displaying for sale, and said, 'These are small apples you grow over here. In America we have them twice the size.' Biddy slowly removed her 'dudheen,' or clay pipe, from her lips, and cooly surveying the joker from head to heel, said, in a tone of pity, 'Yerra, what a fool yez must be whin yez take our gooseberries for apples.' The Irish people are perhaps unequalled for concentrating into a phrase an amount of bitter sar casm. A Dublin jarvey, seeing a man of fashion wh'o prided himself on his skill in handling the reins, driving down Grafton street, said, 'That fellow looks like a coachman, but drives like a gentleman.' John Philpot Curran was noted for his powers of repartee and sarcasm. Many of his good things in that line have come down to us through the century. There could be no better testimony of their worth; but as most of them are too well known to need repeating here, I will simply give a few that I have picked up in outof the- way places. At a dinner table in Lon don the conversation turned on public speaking. Curran stated that he could never address an audience for a quarter of an hour without moistening his lips. 'I have the advantage of you, there, Curran, said Sir Thomas Turton, a pompous and pretentious member of Parliament. 'I spoke the other night in the House of Commons for five hours on the Nabob of Oude, and never felt in the least thirsty. ' 'That is very remarkable, indeed,' replied Curran, 'for every one agrees that it was the driest speech of the session.' One day Curran was walking past th» Parliament House in College Green, before the Bank of Ireland got possession of it, with a noble man, who had promoted the legislative union by his votes. '1 wonder what they intend to do with that useless building? said the nobleman. 'For my part I hate the sight of it.' 'I do not wonder at that, my lord,' returned Curran. Who was an anti-Unionist. 'I never yet heard of a murderer who was not afraid of a ghost.' Curran, as will be seen from these anec dotes, could say mordant and cutting things; but, perhaps, no man was ever in sulted with such dialectical neatness and ingeniousness as Curran was by the famous maker of 'bulls,' Sir Boyle Roche, in the Irish House of Commons. 'The honorable gentleman says he is the guardian of his own honor,' said Roche, in reply to a speech of Curran; 'but on. other occasions I have heard him boast that he was an enemy of sinecures.' Curran was de feated in a conversational contest with Lady Morgan, the Irish novelist, one even ing m that lady's drawing-room, when, ex aggerating the prevailing fashion in short sleeves, she wore merely straps over her shoulders. Curran was walking away from the little party who witnessed the conflict of the two wits, when Lady Morgan called out, 'Ah, come back,, Mr. Curran, and fte- knowledge that youi^re fairly beaten.' 'At any rate,' said Mfturning round;-*'!' have this consolation, pidy Morgan; that you can't laugh at me in your sleeve. O '? Daniel O'Conneh's sarcastic and graphic description of a lady of stiff, cold, arid for mal manners is very happy. 'She has all the characteristics of a poker — except It* occasional warmth.' This recalls the story of the two Irish servants who, discussing the stiff and unbending manners of the young lady of the family, agreed that When she was*, baby, her mother must have fed her .fjipbg. boiled pokers, under done. Another 'happy and humorous ex ample of sarcasm— as apart from repartee —is afforded by' the following anecdote. I quote it on the authority of a friend, who, I am afraid, was the villain of the in cident. A most. imperturbable man was followed from Westmoreland-street, Dub lin, over the ,0'Connell-foridge to the General Post Office, bv two little street aralbs, who importuned him for the end of ?his cigar. 'Throw us the butt, sir. An, sir, throw us the butt,' cried the youths; ?but as the man did not betray the sligntest consciousness of their existence, they gave him up at last in despair and disgust. ' Arrah. let him alone said one, with the most scorching scorn, 'shure, it's a butt he picked up himself.' I once heard a bumptious little man, who, acting as steward at athletic sports in Dublin, waa very assertive in keeping back the crowd, thus addressed by an angry spectator— 'It the consate was taken out oi yez, ye'd be no bigger than a green gooseberry, and ye're as sour as wan already.' The omadawns or half-witted fellows who are to be met with occasionally in Ireland — but not so commonly now as for merly — are noted for their Bitter and sar castic sayings. A fool was standing with some laborers cutting turf in a hog, when an unpopular land agent, who had ac quired by his passion and vindictiveness the significant name of 'Danger,' was seen driving along the high road. 'Ah, ha,' cried the fool, 'there you go, Danger, and may I never 'break bread if all the turf in this bog would 'warm me to ye.' A fool known as 'Jim, the omadawn,' was some ? years ago a well- known character in Kil- ? kee, the seaside resort in Clare. ' Now, Jim.' said an upstart to him one day : 'tell me the biggest lie you ever told, and I'll treat you to a pint of stout.' ' Be me sowl, then,' cried Jim, ' I say yer honner's a perfect gintleman.' A very happy example of a man falling into the pit which he had dug for some body else is afforded by the following well- ' known but always fresh story of a famous repartee. John Parsons, one of the first Irish Commissioners of Insolvency, was travelling in a coach with Lord Norbury, the judge. Passing a gibbet, Norbury said, : with a chuckle, ''Parsons, where would you be now if that gallows had its due?' , 'Riding alone, Norbury,' was the quick reply. The neatness and felicity -of this retort affords unmitigated surprise and de light. Pai^ons does not hold a conspicu ous place in the baud of brilliant, witty, and humorous lawyers and politicians who lived at Dublin at the close of the last cen tuiy, but he was the sayer of two or three of the most perfect 'good things' which tne age produced. Duriug the rebellion of '98, a country gentleman, wh'o was sus pected of being a rebel, met Parsons in Dublin. 'I hear it is rumored that I sym pathise with disloyalty; but it is quite un true,' protested the squire. 'It is well known that I have a stake in the country.' 'Faith, if you have,' exclaimed Parsons. 'I'd swear there's a pike at the end of it. The memory of Sir Bovle Roche hast been kept greeu principally by his 'bulls,' but, ? as his retort on Curran proves, he could say bitter things as well. Then his invitau; tion t'o an Irish nobleman was amusingly equivocal and sarcastic. 'I hope, my l?rq^. said he, 'if ever you come within a mile'o|~ my country house you'll stay there all night.' There is a well-known repartee, which has been 'fathered' upon many a wit, but wnose real parentage 1 should like to set clear here. The Rev. Arthur O'Leary; ?was a famous Irish priest, preacher, con troversialist, politician, and wit, who died in Lond'on in 1802. id a polemical contro versy with Bisn'op Woodward, he wrote, ''His lordship says he does not believe in the Papist purgatory. Well, perhaps, he may go farther and fare worse.' , Repartee and sarcasm are most wisely and skilfully used when they are employed in ridiculing humbugs, exposing shams, re buking rudeness, punishing bullies, and pricking the wind-bags of self-conceit. Chief Baron O'Grady, subsequently the first Lord Guillamore, had a dry humor. ? and biting wit. The latter was so fine thalf its sarcasm was often unperceived by tiia object against whom it was directed. A legal friend of his, who was extremely, studious, but in coiversation exasperatingly dull, showed the judge over his newly built house. The lawyer prided himself especially on a library, which he had con trived for his own use, so secluded from the rest of the building that he could pore ;- over his books in private quite secure from disturbance. 'This is capital,' exclaimed . O'Grady. 'My dear fellow, you could read and study here from morning till night, and no human being would he one bit the wiser.' This recalls the capital story toMt^ of the late Father Healy, of Bray. *??-,% very pompous friend was showing Father ' t* Healy and other guests through his new house, on which he had spent a good deal in furnishing and decorating. In the library the host, waving his hand towards the book- shelves, exclaimed — 'Here, sur rounded by these best friends, I feel most . happy.' 'And I notice,' said Father : Healy, examining some of the volumes, - 'that, like a true friend, you never cut c* them.' ? ?.£ During the famine of 1847 the local re- { lief committee in Limerick had for one of k its members a county landlord, who had .^ the reputation of being rather exacting to:$ his tenants. 'The people asked for bread,-J3j sir. and you threw, them a stone,' said a.-it\ priest at one of the meetings of the com- :{ mittee. 'Not at all, sir,' replied the landrus ' lord; 'they asked for potatoes, and Igenef'3. rally gave them half a stone.' Potatoes ares^! sold in Ireland by the stone weight. At. atii meeting of another of these local relie&:g: committees, the question of a substitute foEis the potato was considered. 'Don't .you -' -I think, sir,' said a member of the jQMunit*^' tee, addressing the chairman, 'tha£]9&is3; -^ would be a wholesome and nutritiffigmCogar 'for the people?' Certainly,' repTd^SBhdJ chairman, very wholesome and nutritious,-?. ~. —with mutton, of course.' . ?' J*- ? Charles Lever, the novelist, was once -tlittS, guest of Dr. Whately, the Archbishop ; of £| Dublin, at his country seat. Among thfc^l other guests were some of- the expectants ; . ?clergy, who -paid submissive court to theisV host; While the archbishop and -his guestaM were walking through the grounds the. pre«l late plucked from a bush a leaf which had, declared, had a most nauseous flavor.;;' 'Taste it,' said he, handing the leaf to one^ of the clergymen. The latter smilinglyf} : obeyed, and then, with a wry face, mxb-& scribed to the botanical orthodoxy -of'thd.! archbishop. 'Taste \t. you, Lever,' said'j the gratified prelate, handing the leaf to£ the novelist, ''No, thank you.' said Leve^ , laughing, 'iny brother is not in yourfcrace's diocese.' Michael Joseph Harry, oue o£ the 'Young Ireland' poets, was appointed long after 1848, a police magistrate in Dub lin. During the Fenian troubles an lrish Aineric-an arrested in Dublin on suspicion of being in Ireland with seditious designs, was brought up before Barry. A constable Bwove that the suspect, when arrested, was wearing a Republican hat. 'A Republican hat,' said the counsel for tlie prisoner; ''does your worship know what that inean.^'' '1 presume,'' said Barry, 'lhat a Republican hat it, a hat, without a crown.' A --oininittcc was formed to erect a monument over the grave of a 'popular J)ublin phvsician who died some years ago, fi ltd was buried at Mount .(eiMine Ceme itery. A witty citizen who was asked to suggest an inscription for the memorial re tommended the use of tile ''atnnis allusion to Sir Christopher Wren, the archiieet, in fct. Paul's Cathedral, London. _ ' *i monu nicnlum requiris oil cum. spice. ' 'If you neck liis monument, look around; if you -luubt his merit, behold hi* works.' An eniini-nl Dublin doctor was ;i member of a house parly iu the district in wliich lie Bud bcKini liis career. One day 'lie was observed in a neighboring churchyard. 'What i=i lie doing among the graves?' asked one of the partv. ??Paying a visit ?to some of liis old patients,'' replied another. There is one good old story ol' Irish re partee whivh has clone duty for many veals. Jt t urus up again and again, but a* there if real liuimir in il those who have often heard it must smile wlieii it comes in ilu-ir way again. An English tourist, under the guidance of a peasant, who ad miring the scenery of the (lahee Moun tain'. Pointing to a gap in t'hc hills, the 4fiiidc said it whs known locally as Hie 'Devil's Hit.' and a low hill hard by was called 'Thi: 'Devil's Chair.' ''Indeed,' re iiurked the Englishman, 'the devil seems it-p have a good deal of properly in these jiarts. 'Vw, sir, rejoined tlic Irishman; 'bin he is an absentee landlord, and lives in Knglaml.' . -iconre l'eabody, the philanthropist, and John Imaht often visited Ireland together 4o lish the .Shannon, making the pretty Jiltle village of (.'astleeoiinel, about six miles from Limerick, their headquarters. One day Uipy went up for a turn on Lungh IVrg, at Kiilaloe. _ Two of tlie chief boat men of the town joined forces in order to row these distinguished visitors. Late in the evening, after a hard day's work, the i»*rty arrived at ihe landing-stage, and 3{n-fiit. accosting the inevitable policeman «a the bank, said, 'What is the proper j»rice io pay these boatmen, constable ''' He ivphod— 'Seven shillings and sixpence, j-rr homier: but some giiitk'uien gives ijicin ten shillings.' Hright, turning to liis nwnpauion, said 'I have, no change, Peahiidy. have you three half-crowns?' The millionaire produced the --oins, anil jjavi1 tliem to one of tW boatmen. 'Is l-1i.it all yer're giving mo?' asked the laltnr. '?Thill's' all.' said Peabiviy. Holding tlie coins in ihe i))ii-n palm '-'I his hand, and sJi-wly seralchiug his be.nl willi the other, tlie IvMim.iii said. 'An' they call ve Pay tw.ly. don't they:' Well, 1 call ,\e, Pay U-jbodi .' 