the passed riM Bv Mits. G. Sheldon, ' _ Authoress of "Dorothy's Jewels." CHAPTER XV (Continued). "Anna!" Mrs Weld then heard Mr Goddardsay, in a grave, rather peremp- t0" \VeU," Gerald j» with a little ring of defiance to the musical tones. . <' You must give it to me." " Why will you persist in harassing me __ enhiect. Gerald ?" said madame, somewhat impatiently. " 1 have told you that I iV"1 noi> aud settles the mi "'n does not settle it I tell you I mud have it." . " J/ ust ' is a strong word, Mr God- da«d jave set my heart upon it ; ' the certificate belongs to me— it is the only -roof in existence, of — of a certain event, and it may be of inestimable value to. me, 'if I should ever " . "Bah! you never will, sharply in terrupted his companion. "1 supposed you had relinquished that idea long ago." "1 have not — f have tried to, but it clinvs to me in spite of all my efforts. BuUhat docs not necessarily affect the question under discussion. 1 want that document and— 1 am going to have it," the mah concluded, in. & determined voice. . " ,, „ " //"you can get it, you mean, 'lerald, his wife mockingly returned. 44 No, no, my dear old boy— that is the enly whip that I have to hold over you." " Perliaps you have destroyed it," said Jfr Goddard, in a tone indicative of anxiety. ' "Ha, ha ! that would be rather hard on you, wouldn't it, dear ?" laughed madame, wickedly. "Have you?" cried the man, m an awful voice "There, there ! don't fly into a pas sion, Gerald," was the mocking re joinder. Then, adopting a more earnest tono "But be at rest — L have not— 1 hare it safe, though I should have burned it years ago, but for the hope that you would soiiie day purchase it of me, upon my own terms." "Purchase it 1" repeated the man, bitterly. "Yes, I know that your bank account is rather limited just now, Gerald," said madame, with a light laugh. 44 but 1 was not thinking of placing a money value upon the paper when I spoke. You know the price I have set upon it -it is simply a condition, and I do not need to repeat it to you. 1 told it to you only the other day ; and when you are ready to comply with that, 1 will do the right thing by you." , „ " You are so unreasonable, Anna. "A woman is always unreasonable, Gerald, when she refuses to do what her husband wishes her to do, or asks of him lomething that he is unwilling to do." The man swore at her under his breath. "I will have it, though," ho added, fiercely. " Tut, tut, dear ; don't lose your tem per," said madame, tantalisingly. Then, assuming a more friendly tone, she con tinued : 41 Come, Gerald, do lict let us quarrel ; this week at all events. I am determined to have a good time, and to make all our guests enjoy themselves, if lean. \nd my play — it is going to be a grand success. But 1 must not stand here talking ; there are a thousand and one things to be done. 1 was just coining in to change my dress, to go to town upon a Tory important errand. Please order the carriage for me while I atn getting ready — there's a dear." And the erratic woman who could he so malicious one moment and charming its an houri the next, leaned forward and touched her husband's cheek with 'her red lips, the sound of her caress reaching the cars of the woman within the sewing room and causing her to flush to her brows. Then she vanished into her own room farther dewti the hall, shutting the door after her, and thus putting an end to the conversation, which had resulted in such a palpable defeat to the master of the house, and which, if madame had but known it, was destined to prove the first downward step in her own brilliant but rather questionable career. CHAPTER XYI. "there arf, ghosts and— ghosts!" After madatae s disappearance within bcr own room, Gerald Goddard slowly retraced his steps downstairs, no choice left him but to do her bidding. Put the listener, within the sewing- room, who had sat as motionless as a statue during his conversation with his wife, heard an irritable oaih escape him as he went. The woman herself had been strangely affected by what she had heard. She was as white as chalk, or would have been but for the yellow stain that disguised her complexion. She had removed her spectacles again, and her eyes were gleaming with a strange, almost savage light. She started, excitedly, to her feet, as she heard the hall-door close after the Blaster of the house. " What did they mean ?" she muttered, hoarsely. " A. certificate 1 Why did sho steal it from him? Why does she peed to hold it as a whip over bim ? Why 13 he so anxious to get it back into his possession ?" The woman's face was a study as she 8We utterance to these excited queries, ch were evidently of a very perplexing nature to her. Ml at otiee she started, as if some her tllou3'u had sent a shock through Ana ! can it be possible that there another ?" she continued, excitedly, j .na is it that which she has 4 stolen ?' s it that of which he is so anxious to re- lUSSeS3ion ? What possible good :'JU' K d to him now ? Heavens ! can e that lie hopes ; that he suspects? tie' "? ' at scheme was conducted so verly that he never could have known.' l?1® hroke off suddenly, and sank back nmf j chair. where she remaiued in anrl , l'lought for several moments, s ' evidnntly, greatly exercised over question. En; - ,Te 'bat 1 am justified in my sfi® saM at last. 4 1 Yes, I am kcTt\:' Ure' and now I know 'vohy I am 3dre herself erect, with an air of unon tH rfdlve. She laid her work aiij . 6 tafile, put hev thimble, thread, trail- jSjya, beside it, then rising again, Shi dtllberately from the room. straight down" the hall, for- 1n,aal w' !!!,!ler ea=orues3, to assume her Goddard's" d ' SiUt' and taPl)ec£ uPon rs ihinkhi h ln' E(Jltfi>" said that lady, teel-in , was her companion who was ilr w tanc. door S,„ i e'd unhesitatingly ojened the "uh en'erecl the room. ''marlrLi"' -13 11011' Mrs Weld," madame own of a a t0ne o£ 8urPnae» a sli2ht "" ah» . j yane contracting her brow, conceived a strange dislike toward the awkward, blue-spectacied housekeeper, although she could find no fault with her on the score of ineffi ciency. 44 T have come, madame, to see if you have any special orders regarding dinner this evening," the woman remarked. 44 Will extra ccvers be required, and what color do you wish in the decorations ?" 41 Ye s, there will be four extra guests to-night," Mrs Goddard returned. " I was coming to tell you presently, for I am going out for a few liotirs," she added. 44 1 think we will use scarlet for the table to-day ; and, Mrs Weld, be sure to have fresh flowers put in the rooms of all the guests." _ 44 Yery well ; is there anything else ?" inquired the housekeeper, while the keen eyes behind the blue glasses observed that madame was nervously fingering a time- yellowed document, which she was hold ing in her hands, and which she had evi dently just taken trom the depths of her jewel-casket that stood upon the table besiae her. 44 No, unless— yes, I think I will have the best service used to-night," said Mrs Goddard, after considering a moment ; 44 and all the handsomest glassware. I desire that the table shall be especially fine. Of course, the butler will attend to the arrangement as usual ; only, you have such excellent taste, Mrs Weld, if you happen to see any improvements that can be made, do not hesitate to suggest them. Where is Edith, do you know ?'' she con cluded, as she laid in the jewel-box the paper she held, and readjusted over it the cushion, which had evidently been pried from its place. . 44 1 think she is somewhere about the house. Shall I send her to you if I should happen to see her?' Mrs Weld inquired. 44 Do, if you please," madame returned, whereupon the housekeeper waddled from the room. 44 Ugh ! that woman gives mo the chills every time she comes near me," murmured the fair mistress of tho house, when she was once more alone. "4 Those glasses make her perfectly hideous, and her coarse, grey hair, hanging down each side of her face, is, to say the least, unique. I sometimes think it is a wig— 1 wonder if the woman is bald-headed, and obliged, to. wear one 1 But one should not mind things of such minor importance ; sho "certainly is the most efficient house keeper I have ever had ; she always seems to know the proper thing to do at tho proper time. I believe 1 would like to retain her for the town house if I could find some reasonable excuse for dismissing Mrs Brown. Perhaps I might get used to her peculiar personality after a while." While Mrs Goddard was musing thus iuside her room, as she hastily exchanged her house-dress for a street costume, the object of her reflections was standing in a profound reverie outside her door. 44 1 shall know the nature of that docu ment before I leave this house," she mut tered. 44 Whether it proves to be what I have dared to suspect, or not, I must know ; if it should— ah 1 the day of retribution will not be far away." She moved slowly and thoughtfully down' the hall, and, turning into a wing of the house, opened the door of a room where she heard some one moving about. 44 Oh !" cried Edith, brightly, as she saw her, 44 why did you come quite so soon, Mrs Weld ? I am almost through, though. I have simply to arrange the knicknaclcs upon this dressing-case. I hope you are rested," she concluded, searching the woman's face curiously. 44 Yes, thank you, Miss Edith, I am feeling quite myself again, and will finish here, for Mrs Goddard has come in and inquired for you " 4Ah! does she know that we ex changed work 1" 44 No; I went to her for orders, and she asked me if I had Been you," the housekeeper explained. 44 The dress is done, and I feel that you were very kind and thoughtful to let mo finish it while you worked for me. I shall not soon forget the favor, I assure you." 44 Thank you ; but I hope I shall not give out again," said Mrs Weld, though with a sigh which betrayed that her drities were somewhat irksome. 44 1 hope not, indeed ; but, of course, there will be more and more to do until this frolic is over, and it will be a won der if you, and everybody else, do not get tired out. Is there anything else that I can do for you, by and by ?" Edith kindly inquired. 4 4 Madame wishes fresh flowers ar ranged in all the guest-chambers ; and, if yon can spare the time when she is through with you, it would be a great help if you could attend to the matter." 44 1 should like to, above all things," said Edith, eagerly. 4 4 1 am very fond of flowers, and they do have such lovely ones in the greenhouses here. But I must run away now, I suppose." And, divesting herself of her spotless turban and apron, the girl, happy in having done an act of kindness, hastened away to Mrs Goddard's room. 44 Is my dress ready, Edith?" that lady inquired, when she made her appearance. 44 Yes ; shall I bring it now ?" 44 Do, for I am going to town, and wish to get some lace for the sleeves and neck ; you will have to measure and tell me how much I need." Edith went out, and soon returned with the dainty waist. 44 You have done it beautifully," said madame, as she examined it. 41 You are very expert with your needle, child." The girl flushed, but did not unde ceive "her regarding her mistake although she felt somewhat guilty to receive praise to which she was not justly entitled, even though she knew that she could have performed the task exactly as well. She. measured for the lace, and ten minutes later madame was on her way to town. Later in the afternoon, while Mrs Weld was in the dining-room, superin tending, in a general way, the arrange ment of the table, Mr Goddard entered to give some orders to the butler regard ing a case of liquors that had just arrived. That colored functionary was standing beside the housekeeper, consulting with her regarding the disposition of some table decorations, and as Mr Goddard approached them, the woman shivered slightly, and some napkins, which she had been holding in ber hands, fell in a heap upon the floor. Whether from accident or design, Mrs Weld and the master of the house had seldom met since the former had become a member of the family, she having re ceived all orders from Mrs Goddard, after her coming to Wyoming, and, although tho gentleman was conscious that the comfort of his home was chiefly due to her management, he had paid but very little heed to her presence personally. He was always punctiliously though distantly courteous to every member of his household, aud so now, almost in voluntarily. forgetting that the butler was thero to perform the service— he stooped to recover the napkins for Mrs Weld. Unfortunately, she also made the attempt to do so at the same moment, when her head came rudely .in contact with the gentleman's arm, the encounter dislodging her glasses, causing them to slip off and fall upon the linen. ' Mr Goddard, with a polite 44 excuse me," looked quickly up to see what mischief he had done, when he found himself gazing directly into a pair of brilliant, magnificent brown eyes, that iDstamly acted like an electric battery upon him. 44 Good heavens!" he breathed, in a startled tone, every atom of color fading from his face. But Mrs Weld, with far more nimble- nes3 than one would have believed her capable of exhibiting, quickly recovered, and replaced the spectacles, while she remarked, with apparent perfect self- possession, and as if she had not heard his startled exclamation : 44 You are very excusable, sir; they are not injured in the least." 44 But, madame, I — who — what !" stammered the man, a dazed look still on his white face, while he still gazed curiously at her. 44 Yes, sir ; Albert and I were some what in. doubt whether to make one large centre-piece, as usual, or to have a smaller one at each end of the table," the woman calmly observed, as if she had understood his disjointed queries to refer to the arrangement of the dinner- table. But she had drawn herself up with an air of dignity, as if the little accident that had occurred was of no further con sequence to her. 44 1 — I cannot say. I am not capable of deciding the matter ; you will have to consult with Mrs Goddard," faltered the gentleman, ' as he abruptly turned and walked from the room, with the uncertain gait of a person who could not see distinctly. He went directly to his library, wher6, shutting and lockiug the door, he threw himself into a chair, and wiped the per spiration from his brow. 44 If I believed in tho transmigration of souls, I should almost be tempted -to think that a ghost of the past had come to haunt, me in the form of this hideous old woman. Heavens ! what eyesshehas ! I never saw but one other pair like them in my life'.4' His head fell upon his breast, with a sigh that was almost a groan. 44 1 do not believe. I can bear this kind of existence much longer," he continued, after a little while. 44 Day and. night I have . a restless craving for something which T have not, and yet do not fully comprehend. Oh 1 God ! if I could but five my life over, how differently I would spend it " 44 What have I amounted to, anyway?" he went on, retrospectively. ,4Amanwho began his career with more than ordinary talents, but misused and neglected them to seek his own pleasure — to surfeit him self with the world by tasting of every folly under the sun, only to reap, in the end, a harvest of discontent and re morse." He dropped his face upon his hands, a bitter sob bursting from his lips. The sound of it seemed to sting him to the very soul, for he started angrily to his feet, his face crimson, his eyes blazing with passion. 44 Well, old boy, this is a fine frame of mind for you to get into 1" he muttered, bitterly, as he paced the room with an impatient step ; 44 and all because of a trivial accident that permitted you to look into an old woman's eyes. Bah ! it is altogether too late for you to think of mending your ways, Gerald; there is nothing left for you but to go on, as' you began — getting all the pleasure possible out of life, and, when the end comes, endure it as best you may." And with this cynical conclusion, the man tossed Ills head resolutely hack, and, going to a card-table, took from the drawer a pack of cards, and sat down to play solitaire— a game of which he was extremely fond. He presently became deeply absorbed in it, although the moody look still remained upon his face, and was only recalled to himself when the dressing bell — a half-hour preceding dinner — pealed through the house, reminding him that there was a houseful of guests to be entertained, and that, as host, he must not be unmindful of the duty of hospitality. He put aside his cards, and repaired at once to his chamber, from which, twenty minutes later, he emerged in full evening dress, and went below, where he mingled with his guests, to whom he devoted himself with his usual affability. Jt was remarked, however, that he was not looking well, his extreme pallor and heavy eyes, plainly indicating indisposition of some kind. He was, himself, conscious of the fact, consequently he kept away from his wife as much as possible, for he felt sure that her keen eyes would instantly detect the fact that something had gone wrong with him, and he was in no mood to have old wounds probed for the second time that .day. He was not destined to escape, however, for madame had noticed, from her end of the table, opposite him, at dinner, that something unusual was preying upon his mind. She was sure that he was not physically ill, for she had studied him too long to be mistaken regarding his moods.' But she found no opportunity to get a word with him until late in the evening, when, after a spirited waltz with one of her guests, she found him standing in a corner, alone, and gazing, with an air of abstraction, upon the company around him. He had not seen her approach him, consequently he was taken entirely un awares when she reached his side, and whispered in his ear : 44 What has happened, Gerald ? You look as if you had seen a ghost." He started, guiltily, at the unexpected assault, and wondered whether it was a simple coincidence, or whether she sus pected he had been haunted by those pitiless spectres, remorse and discontent. 44 A ghost, Anna ?" ho repeated, trying to smile indifferently. 44 Are there any stalking about the house to-night ?" 44 Not for me ; but for you, I do not know," she replied, with significant em phasis. 44 You know that I am not a believer in anything of the kind," he coldly re turned, having now completely recovered his self-possession. 44 There are ghosts and — ghosts," she mockingly retorted ; 44 those consequent uponadiscrdered digestion, and those that stalk close upon the heels of conscience." 44 Really, Anna, you are getting almost Shakespearean in your similes," was her husband's sarcastic response. 44 Thank you, dear," she said, with a derisive little laugh. 44 But you cannot hide behind pretty compliments the fact that you are not yourself to-night." 44 1 have hidden nothing from you. If I do not look well, it is because I am not feeling so," he coldly returned. His tone irritated her, and detracted from the sympathy and anxiety which usually moved her when anything ailed him ; besides, she was in an unusually suspicious mood just then. 44 1 should judge so," she said, search ing his iace sharply- 44 1 have not seen you look as you do to-night since that never to be forgotten day when you received a certain important communica tion from Ned Rexford." 44 Anna !" Gerald Goddard burst forth, hoarsely, 44 will you never have done with that wretched subject ?" "If she retorted, lifting a glance of assumed surprise to him, though her eyes were gleaming with malice, for Bhe knew she bad discovered the secret of his un- natural appearance. 44 1 should say, rather, that it is you who are cotitinually harping up"n one string of late, with your ceaseless demand for a certain docu ment in my possession." 44 Cease 1" the man angrily commanded, and irritated beyond measure at having been trapped into betraying the dis turbed' state of his mind. 44 Since you have refused my request, I wish to hear no more about the subject." He turned abruptly from her, as he ceased speaking, and walked to the oppo site end of the room. 44 1 wonder ju3t what it is?" she mused, looking after him with anxious eyes, from which all spite had now faded. 44 Something has happened to upset him — something of more consequence than our little quarrel after lunch, aud 1 do not believe that it is altogether coward conscience either." But someone came to claim her atten tion just then, and, in the excitement of her duties as hostess, she forgot the mat ter for the time. CHAPTER XVn. EDITH RECEIVES A SOUVENIR. Nothing further of special interest in connection with our story occurred during the next few days. The' weather was cold but fine ; the sleighing continued to be excellent, and the gay company at Wyoming kept up their exciting round of pleasure both day and night. The theatricals were coming on splen didly, the play being (heartily approved by those who were engaged in preparing it, and Mrs Goddard appeared to be in the best of spirits over the success which it promised. On the afternoon of the all-important day a great packing-case arrived from the city, and was taken directly to madame's rooms. A few minutes later Edith was re quested to go to her, and, upon present ing herself at the door of her boudoir, was drawn mysteriously inside, and the door locked. 44 Come," said madame, with a curious smile, as she led the way to the chamber beyond, 44 1 want you to assist me in un packing something." 44 Certainly, I shall be very glad to help you," the young girl replied, with cheerful acquiescence. 44 It is one of the costumes that is to he worn this evening,- and must be han died very carefully," Mra Goddard ex plained. As she spoke she cut the cords binding the great box, tind, lifting the cover, re vealed some articles enveloped in quan tities of white tissue paper. 44 Take it out!" commanded madame, indicating the upper package. Edith obeyed, and, upon removing the spotless wrappings, a beautiful skirt of white satin, richly tiiramed with lace of an exquisite pattern, was revealed. 44 Oh, how lovely!" exclaimed the young girl, as, shaking it ' carefully out, she laid the dainty robe upon the bed. Next came the waist or corsage, which was also a marvel of artistic taste and beauty. This was laid against the skirt, when the costume, thus complete, was a(perfect delight to the eye. 44 It looks like (a bride's dress," Edith observed, as she gazed admiringly upon it. 44 You are right! It is for the bride who figures in our play to-night," said, madame. 44 But it looks perfectly fresh — as if it had never been worn !" Edith remarked, in a tone of surprise. 44 It never has been worn— it was made expressly for the occasion," Mrs Goddard replied. 44 It seems almost too had to use any thing so" lovely just for a play — and I am sure it is very extravagant," said the young girl, smiling, but speaking' regret fully. 4 4 Ah! but I was determined to make the thing a success," returned madame, regarding her with a peculiar expression. 44 i had no notion of laying myself liable to criticism, for the want of a proper cos tume for my heroine. The other cos tumes will all be fresh, in the last scene, for the young ladies had them made for the ball, so will wear them in the play. This must be the veil, I think." she con cluded, lifting a large box from the case, and passing it to her companion. Edith removed the cover, and uttered an involuntary cry of delight, for before her lay a great mass of finest tulle, made up into a bridal veil, and surmounted by a coronet of white waxen orange- blossoms. There was also a corsage bouquet to match. An examination of two other boxes disclosed a pair of white satin boots, em broidered with pearls, and a pair of long white kid gloves. 41 Everything is exquisite, and so com plete," murmured Edith, as she laid them all out beside the dress, and then stood gazing in rapt admiration upon the outfit. 44 Yes, of course, the bride will be the most conspicuous figure in the last act — the cynosure of all eyes, in fact — so she would Deed to be as complete and perfect as possible." Mrs Goddard explained, but watching the girl warily out of the cor ners of her eyes. 44 Who is going to wear it ?" Edith en quired, as she caressingly straightened out a spray of orange- blossoms that had ; caught in a mesh of the lace. Madame's eyes gleamed Btrangely at the question, 44 Miss Kerby takes the part of the heroine of the play," she answered, 44 whom, by the way, I called Edith, be cause 1 iike the name so much. I did not think you would mind." 44 Oh, no," said the girl, absently. Then, with a little start, she exclaimed, as she lifted something from the box from which the gloves had been taken : 41 But what is this ?" It was a small half-circle of fine white gauze, edged with a fringe of frosted silver, while a tiny chain of the same material was attached to each end. 44 Oh 1 that is the mask," said Mrs Goddard. 44 The mask?" repeated Edith, sur prised. 44 Yes ; I don't wonder you look asto nished, to find such a thing among the outfit of a bride," said madame, with a peculiar little laugh ; 44 but, although it is a profound secret to everybody outside the actors, I will explain it to you, as the time is so near. You will understand this i3 a play that I have myself written." "Yes," 44 Well, I have entitled it 4 The Masked Bridal,' and it is a very cunningly de vised plot on the part of a pair of lovers whose obdurate parents refuse to allow them to marry," madame explained. 44 Edith Lancaster is an American girl, and Henry Bernard is a Frenchman. They have a couple of friends whose wedding is set out for a certain date, and who plan to help them outwit the parents of Edith and Henri. The scene is, of course, laid in Paris, where everybody knows a marriage must be contracted in church. The friends of the two unfortu nate lovers send out their cards announc ing their approaching nuptials, and also the fact that they will both be masked during the ceremony." 44 How strange !" Edith murmured. 44 Yes, it is both a novel and an extra vagant idea," Mrs Goddard assented ; 44 but, of conrae, nobody minds that in a play— the more extravagant and unreal the better it suits the public nowadays. Well, t'le parents and friends naturally object to this arrangement, but they finally carry their point. Everything is arranged, and the wedding-day arrives. Only the parents and a few friends are supposed to be present, and at the ap pointed' hour the bridal party, consisting of the ushers and four bridesmaids, a raaia-of-honor, and the blide, leaning upon her father's arm, proceed slowly to the altar, where they are met by the groom, best man, and clergyman. Then come3 the ceremony, which seems just as real as if it were a bona Jide marriage, you know ; and when the young couple turn to leave the church, as husband and wife, they remove their masks, and be hold ! the truth 13 revealed. There is, of course, great astonishment, and some dis may manifested on the part of the obdu rate parents, who are among the invited guests ; but the deed is done— it would not do to make a scene or any disturb ance in church, and so they are forced to make the best of the affair, and accept the situation." 44 But what becomes of the couple who planned all this for their friends?" Edith enquired. 44 Oh, they were married half an hour earlier, and came in at a rear door just in season to follow the bridal party down the aisle, and join in the wedding-feast at home." 44 It is a very strange plot — a very peculiar conception," murmured Edith, musingly. 44 Yes, it is very Frenehy, and ex tremely unique, and will be carried ont splendidly, if nothing unforeseen occurs to mar the acting, for the amateurs I have chosen are all very good. But," added madame, keenly watching the grave face of her companion, 44 1 am afraid you do not quive approve of my play ; that long face of yours would be a sharp reproof to me if I were at all sensi tive about the matter." 44 It sounds something like a French novel," Edith remarked, and flushing slightly. ' 4 And consequently ha3 an immoral tendency, I presume you would like to add," sharply supplemented madame, with a frown. 44 It seems to me like trifling with sacred things," the young girl gravely re turned. 44 You are a little Puritan," was the impatient rejoinder, for madame was a woman who never could tamely submit to opposition of any kind. " Possibly, I may seem so," said Edith, quietly, 44 but I do not approve of clan destine marriages — I think an elopement or a secret marriage, under any circum stances, very wrong atid demoralising, and nothing would ever tempt me to compromise myself in any such way " "No? . What would you do, then, if you loved a man with all your heart, and your parents absolutely refused to allow you to marry him ?" enquired Mrs God dard, curiously. "If I were sure he was worthy of my love, and could give me a comfortable home, I should — after having exhausted all argument to convince my parents that my happiness depended upon the union — boldly claim my right to marry him, and do so, without any attempt at secrecy." 44 But you could not do that, if you were under age, without your parents' consent," said Mrs Goddard. 44 What would you do in such a case ?" " I should wait until I was of age," was the quiet response. 44 But perhaps your lover would not be willing to wait." " Then I should not have much faith in his love for me," gravely replied Edith. 4< I could not have confidence in a man who would tempt me to do wrong — who would urge me to a step that would make mo unpleasantly conspicuous, or create a scandal from motives of sel fishness, or impatience. I think girls are, as a rule, in too much haste to marry. Those who are alone in the wrld might find it to their advantage to have a home and a husband, but for those who have parents to care for them, it seems the height of folly and ingratitude to bring shame upon them, and scandal upon themselves, by taking a reckless step which they are sure to regret in the end." 44 You argue very well, Edith, and I know that you are exceedingly conscien tious. I am 3ure that you would never adopt any but a perfectly straightforward course ; but," with a rising flush, 44 1 claim that there are instances where de ception is perfectly legitimate to a certain extent. But I do not want to be con verted until my play is over, so we will not discuss the matter any further," she concluded, with a nervous laugh. She. arose, a3 she ceased speaking, and. stood thoughtfully contemplating the beautiful costume on the bed. She turned away after a moment, an involuntary sigh escaping her. 44 1 must run down to see that every thing is all right for the eveniug, before I dress," she remarked. 44 By the way," she added, as if the thought had just oc curred to her, 44 1 would like you to put on something pretty, and come to help me in the dressing-room during the play. Have you a white dress here ?" 44 Yes ; it is not a very modern one, but it was nice in its day," Edith replied. 44 Very well ; I shall not mind the cut of it, if it is only white," said madame. 44 Now I must run.' Yon can ring for someone to take away this rubbish," she concluded, glancing at the boxes and papers that were strewn about the room ; then she went quickly out. Edith obeyed her, and remained until the room was once more in order, after which she went up to her own chamber to ascertain if the dress, of which she had spoken, needed anything done to it before it could be worn. Unpacking her trunk, she drew a box from the bottom, from which she took a pretty Lansdowne dress, which she had worn at the wedding of one of her friends nearly two years previous. She had nice skirts, and a pair of pretty white slippers to go with it, and although it was, as she had stated, somewhat out; of date, it was really a very dainty cos tume. She laid everything out upon the bed, in readiness for the evening, and then, went down to her dinner, which she always took with the housekeeper before the family meal was served, this arrange ment leaving the woman free to keep an eye upon the servants and see that no mistakes were made to mar the perfection of these feasts, for which Mr and Mrs Goddard had gained an enviable reputa tion. (To be Continued .) 