k Midshipman's Romance .... - v. PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL AnEANGBKBNr. . .. jb. v. v. By W. CLARK RUSSELL, - Author of " The AVrook of the Grosvcnor," The Golden Hope,," " The .Death Ship,' ; "The Frozen Pirate," " An Ocean Tragedy," " A Sen Queon,!.' " My Danish . 1 Sweethenrt," "The Good Ship Mohock," ".Alone, on a Wide, . "Wide Seu," "The Tale of tlio Ton," &«., &o.; \- Copyhioht. x' CHAPTER XY. . ' Makooned. ' s 7 '-;v , . V T "was after, two by the f stars .as I might guess when Belle awoke. She l'oss, and begged mo to let her take my place. There was no wind, and the dawn was not far distant, an(i bidding tlio dear girl call me instantly should a change in the weather happen, J. my down upon Bowser's coat) very well satisfied that her lookout would not be loss strict than mine. f I fell asleep quickly, and dreamt strangely and wildly, and was rescued from tbe grasp of a nigbtmnro by Belle's soft hand laid lightly on my cheek. ' AVhat is that ?' she asked. I instantly sprang to my foot, and strained my sleepy gaze full into tbo livid terraces of the breaking day. A little air was breathing. ' Look !' cried Belle again, with excitement, pointing into the aslicn dawn, ' What is that, Walter?' And now I saw something that was to continue to puzzle me whilst I stared ut it with my bare vision in the i'ow minutes of that sad light. I thought at first it was the hull of a ship : then that we had in some fashion drifted back again towards the llocas, of which lively family yonder was a member. I then thought it must he laud, for it had the solid look of it ; hut it was low seated, whatever it might be, and it could not be an island known to tlio navigator, for none hereabouts was down on the charts," and there was no laud nearer than Fernando Noronhn. The sky began to brighten. I threw . a hasty look round, and saw that the sea was everywhere shivering to the passage of the delicate warm breeze. Slothing was in sight but that object in tbe eust. The monkey sat in the bows viewing it. 'I am certain it is an island,' ex claimed Belle ; ' and I believe I can see trees upon it.' I took the glass out of the looker and 'levelled it. I was amazed; there leapt iiito the lenses a little sallow island, with a number of trees upon it, most of them ruined as though by a hurricane, and iu the midst of the trees was some thing I could not obtain a clear sight of; it was solid, and mado a thickness there, and I thought it was a house. I pulled out the chart to make sure, for the 'flushof tho sun was now upon the sea. But nothing was set down as indicating land, or a rock, or a shoal. I again examined, tlio spot most carefully through the telescope. It was between three and four miles off, and lay on top of the horizon. Tho glass gave mo as good a sight of it as if I had been within a quarter of a mile. I saw that some of tho trees woro mercilessly . twisted, and stood aslant, like old brooms stuck in a garden bed. Tho vegetation, likewise," so far us I could collect, suggested the ravage of the hurrieauo. . . But what was .that object which thickened the inuer grouji of trees ? I dodged with tho glass but to no pur pose. > ' Wo will go and have a look at that island,' said I. 'But lot us got somo hreiikfast first.' This' wo did, and wo fed the. monkey, hut all the time we ate and drank our eyes were glued to that strange mysterious little piece of land. ' I have read in old travols,' said I, ' of such things as enchanted islands. I wonder if that is one of them. .What peculiarity , lias the'enchunted island ? It comes and goes ut will. It rises in tho moonlight alongside sleeping ships, and the amazed sailor hears the noise of in- Visible men and women singing amongst the treos.' . ' But what a little bit of an island it isj' said Belle. I .munched and mused, and then a sudden idea possessed me, and I uttered a shout. It was a shout of amazement. I nearly, choked myself iu my eageruoss to again level tho gluss ; and after cure- fully observing the island, I did most clearly perceive by an occasional slow motion that the whole mass was afloat. A Heating island ! Did you "ever hoar " of sucli a thing? Do you suppose that I am inventing this moroly ns an inci dent in a romance of adventuro by sea ? "Where is the old' sailor who has not in his time, 'in one voyage or anothor, sighted the floating island, the frag ment of earth remorselessly wrenched by the irrcsistiblo power of tho oyolon'o ". or the tornado from tho inbehor con tinent, and sent to. add anothor whilst it laste to the, countless, wondors of the dcop. ' , 'Itis a floating' island, ' said I, putting down tho 'glass. , . ' Impossible. Walter.' ' My dear, there it is. It is land, and'it is swimming on the surfaoo of the water. I have hoard of suoh things.' . ' V '.Are you going to visit it ?' a ' Cortainly.' - ; - ' Slie seomed w little timid. "She was ! w nlarmod by tlio unuaturnlnoss of floating 'land. She could not. conceive that tho island was water-borne, not upon its : own earth; but upon a : vast' inter mingling and.: intricacy., of roots nnd downward striking fangs of a vegetation nnmoloss.by me, who roport only: what .1 saw. . Iunshipped tho awning, .hoisted tho sail, and- headed . dead for tho : little . island; " .'Wo rippled quietly onwards ; , again it was a cloudloss day, and I know that tho 1 oyo of tho sun . would soon roast . thiB pleasant and refroshing draught out of the otuiosphere.' From what -post : of the 1 world had yonder island come? Prom the Brazilian coast no doubt, As wo . drew near 'I judged it to be of the size of thereof wo had loft, but of a different shape. What had seemed sallow at a distance qhungotl into a livid and into a scorched look .to tho gradual approach' of the boat. There, I thought, was some 6wihiming, lingering memorial of . flic, earthquake, anil, tornado; it signalisod in. frag mentary aspect some terrific spasm of Nature that may have devastated the face of half a prbvineo. '.What can that be in" tho middle. of it ?' said Belle. . . . ' And what can " bo that beautiful silvur light which girdles it ?'' said L ; ' and rises bud falls, and pulsuteb as though it were mercury under-run by a swell. What are wo -going to dis cover ?' . Wo were now drawing close, anil lowering the sail I threw an oar over and sculled. How am I to describe this floating island in words ? It would need tho colours, and some of them ghastly, of the great painters to reveal it to you, charged with its. in communicable spirit of loneliness, ghost-like, almost appalling, and as a miracle, which to my sight it was. I saw a considerable tract of land afloat ! The edges of it came close down to the ;sea ; there was a great quantity of fallen timber- half out and half in, and the mystery of the sight lay in its motion, for that it had, now we were close enough to perceive it,- the motion I mean of a very faint lift and fall, passing through it like some largo secret swell from west to east. It was like the memory of tho earthquake and a yearning in the soil to attach itself to its mother coast again. Tho trees were a bewilderment to tho eve ; some had been entirely stripped, and stood up like telegraph poles ; some looked like cocoanut trees, and bowed their earthly tufts. All the leaning trees inclined , the same way, but I should have thought from the cork screwed appearance of many of them that tho tempest hud fallen on the laud like a holt straight from a thunder cloud, and that tho fury of the wind had been afterwards. And now as we drew quite close I. saw in the middle of tho island among the treos tho object that had greatly puzzled me from the beginning. AVhat do you think it was ? Probably you will have needed to live in the AVest Indies to believe me. I do but speak the truth when I say that it was a little schooner of about eighty tons, blown high and dry clean out of water, lying with a slight list to port, her lower masts and maiutopmast standing. She was quite nowly sheathed as though fresh from tho builder, aud her metal burnt like gold amongst the treos. 'Are you going to land?' asked Belle. 'Cortainly,' I answered. 'It will- refresh us to stretch our legs. I want to take a close look at that beautiful little scliooner.' , 'There may bo snakes,' exclaimed Belle. ' I should say not. I don't see why. The land looks scorched.' Tho monkey sat in tho bows viewing tbe island without excitement. This was strange. I had thought that the sight of tho trees would have delighted the old beggar, and kept him hopping about iu madness until ho could spring ashore. He contemplated tho little island thoughtfully, , and did not seem to think' much of it. 'Even half an hour of dry earth would ho a break: It is impossible to express bow weary uiind and body become in' tho open boat," when you can hut stand, and when you are nearly always sitting, and when you see nothing but the horizon, which will presontly bind itself about your brow, liko a material liSituro, cutting into the brain and drivin'g you frantic. I saw no signs of mau or anything' alivo as I seulled vory. slowly with one hand, while I looked toward the island. The wonderful' part to me was that floating girdlo of liquid silver ; it could not bo sand, for sand would dissolvo and go away with tho water ; it could not bo coral beach, for coral made no portion of this creation. I directed the boat's head for an opening between two small fallen trees, and as .we steered through tho silver muss I saw that it was fish — fish exquisitely miuuto, in millions ami billions, , a mighty and glorious roll of sparkling atoms. . I was thunderstruck, mid. onohhnted, and shouted with admiration. ' They floated 'so close to the surface that they looked like a shore, and you! might, easily have mistaken them, and stopped oii this strange strand. It sank under our keel, but in a beautiful undulation, as though granting admission, and the rest of this marvellous picture continued, as" bofore, to float close under the sea iu a thick body of light, which pulsated as tho heavens on a starry night tremble and shake. ; . 'I drove the boat stem on; right into tbe land, j umped out, and helped Belle to jump out. : I then' put my weight upon the boat and dragged: it by. about a foot upon the shore to steady it, and taking the painter, I secured it . to ono of tho fallen trees which lay very, handy, for that purpose, for, there was nothing better-to attach; her to :withiu tho scope of her line. Belle grasped-, ray arm, nod we both gazed about us, and the monkey gazed," .hut froiu the' boat. He .would riot oomo out, and I ilitl not, .trouble' myself to invito him. ' It was'like landing on an enchanted island. The .leaning arid storm'-blastod trees, 'the' seoroUed .-and ragged yogetotipn, the niovomont of :the long-drawn swell in the" island's longtli, tho., beautiful little.sohooner,,. .hiarvel- lously -and- "8eouroly, embalmed in the heart of tlio withered forest, i combined to " create an affecting arid - subduing mystery for this little prinoipalily, -Wo paused; hand in bnnd, oxpeoting to hear voices-calling ' Down by . the wash of the sea the , soil was .soft, ' but in a few places-it 'grew, as hard \ as baked olay, Thejmderixrewth. had been ohiofly of Manly purity and beauty ave inseparably,., associated with CiiTlouitA, the world's great- est blood purifier and slrln beantiflor; Slid cvciy wh«o. Brtliih depots F. Nswnzyr, London. ' Pottue 1). aicd O. Coitr.. Solo Prop;.; Boiton, U. 8. A. « Host to Pmlly.tlio l)!ood nnd Beoistify the Skin. free. . the stuff thoy call guinea grass. ; Three were, many dwarf trees and giqrit bushes, all of a tropic character, bill; withered and wrecked by tho mighty passion of, flame and gale. . . . ' I do-not like to move,' said Belle. 'I keep on thinking I see snakes.' . . ' You're mistaking the long black roots of trees. It is impossible that anything can be alive on this island.1 ' Indeed, nothing could be moro. evi dent, unless it should turn "out "that a nian or two, or perhaps more, were locked up ih tho little schooner. X hail her very plaiu in sight. She was. an ex tremoly pretty nioilol, such" as I believe theygisod to build in the Ber mudas; , Har bright metal' mado her very handsome. The gale had picked her up as if she had boeu a hoy's toy, end carriod her eloari inshore with tho loss . of her t jib-boom and . lier foretop- mast only that I could see, On this side her bottom showed no injury, but on the other she might prove bilged. ' If I could get that little vessel afloat,' said I, ' and pick up a couple of men, liang mo. Belle, if I wouldn't sail you right awuy to England.' All this timowe stood looking. ' If the truth must bo told, I desired before advancing to make quite sure that nothing was living — man, beast, or reptile, and now wo made our way slowly .towards the schooner. It was necessary to walk with great caution, and sometimes we had the length of a fallen tree to wind about. The' soil seemed filled with tangled roots, anil the island resembled a huge baskot, whose fabric was visible in -the -soil, and through the storm-trampled grass. ' The one thing I cannot realise is this,' said I. 'AVo are afloat; all tho rest is intelligible to any man who understands tho power of the hurricane. But to stand upon solid hind with trees and hushes, swimming in tho middle of tlie'scn, oue should go to . Gulliver to match it.' 'It might sink on a sudden,' said Bolle ; ' and what should we do ?' ' It'll last another half-hour,' said I, and this brought us to the sehponor. ' I examined tho little vessel's run, bilge, and bows carefully but could not see ( that she had been injured in any way in the hull. She ovidently sqt long anil low upon the water, and sailed fast. Ilor , rudder was in its place. Her marvellous preservation .made luc think of the butterflies one sometimes sees in tho central calm of the raging cyclono. No name was on her atom. She looked to have been freshly painted. You will say tho trees and growth of this island woro.. firc-blasted, whv not the schooner? I answer— itis but an opinion — tho weight of the fire and tho "hurricane fell straight out of the sky bcfoi'o it swept into the furious wind which had east this little ship up high and dry, and disengaged the pieeo of land from tho country it belonged to. ' It was very easy to hoard this schooner, and as curiosity was great, anil as, 'moreover, I felt that I should not bo doing my duty as a sailor in quitting this miraculous island without bringing away a full arid accurate report of tho littlo , ship\ upon it, I grasped a rope that lay, over the side, and finding it secured, .went up hand over baud. Before. I could think of looking, I must have Belle with me, for :I did not liko the, idea of being in tho cabin whilst she was- standing waiting for mo on tho grass outside, so I mado a bowline on a bight, which she put under .her arms, anil then 1 .thiew a rope's end. over for her to help herself up with. She climbed and I .hauled; she was light and I was strong. She came up ' handsomely,' breathless, glowing, her expression shaped for alarms, and then we looked about us. - , pro J)E CONTINUED."! 