Life in London and Tlicrea'bont. (from the herald.) Westminster, Jan. 21. It is a familiar and an unalterable rule of conduct in tbe House of Commons that that- illustrious body can devote its attention to only one thing at a time. When events crowd upon each other, some, which standing alone would compel attention, wholly escape it. As was pointed out the other week, Lord Salisbury's Government are in good luck as far as their Indian difficulty is concerned. Had the events of the North-West Frontier happened while Parliament was sitting there would have been hot, disastrous, certainly damaging, bombardment of the Ministerial benches. A short time ago it seemed as if the question would keep, serving for full investigation when Parliament meets. But China i coming steadily to the front edges ] India on one side, and, according to present appearances, will hold the field j when, a little more than three weeks hence, the great talking machine is once more in action. Doubtless, in spite of the turn events have recently taken, efforts will be made to^aise a full-driess debate on affairs on the North-West Frontier. But under circumstances the most favourable to the mover in such mat- ; ters, the House is always impatient of retrospective criticism. That, com- '■ bined with the incident of the recess, is the salvation of Ministers. More or less hot indignation springs up in 'the public mind. If Parliament chances to be sitting, Ministers, putting on solemn airs, declare that it would not be in the interest of the country that the matter should be discussed at that particular moment. If evil things be fall in the recess, feeling is blunted by the time Parliament meets, and the 1 conviction that what is done cannot be undone, and therefore it is useless talk- : ing about it, comes to the help of threatened Ministries. When Parliament meets, Mr. Bal four and his colleagues may be de pended upon to put China in the fore ground to the overshadowing of India. If, as it is probable, they are able in the Queen's Speech to announce the conclusion upon favourable terms of a loan to China, the transaction may with skilful mauagement have the effect of rubbing out the slate of North-West Frontier blunders and disasters. This, however, alludes only to the past. The House of Commons, j in this case the authoritative mouth-: piece of the country, will certainly j want to know whether the campaign is j to be renewed in the coming spring, and upon what grounds such a step can be justified. The very last time I saw Mr. Charles Villiers he happened to be crossing the most dangerous roadway in London, that bifurcated by the many thorough fares that meet in front of the Mansion House. Notably by reason of his figure, almost bent double, the Father of the House of Commons attracted attention by the agility with which he dived in and out, eluding the conflict ing currents of cabs, carts, omnibuses, and carriages. The last time I saw him in the House of Commons was ex actly a fortnight before the famous free fight on the floor which disgraced the session of 1893. The House was in committee on the Home Rule Bill. This particular night, marking what I believe was Mr. Villier's final appear ance on the familiar scene, was the second of the operation of the sys tematic closure. At 10 o'clock Mr. Mellor, then Chairman of Committees, proceeded to put the question. On his decision that the ayes had it being challenged, the closure was moved. Thus two divisions were taken on every question put from the chair. Regularly night after night, from 10 o'clock till the stroke of midnight mer cifully interrupted the proceedings, members walked round and round the lobbies. At this earliest stage of the new crisis in the fight, it was a point of honor for every man on both sides to be in his place and take part in suc cessive divisions. Mr. Gladstone set the example on the Ministerial side, pulling himself together and walking out on the dreary round, in answer to the signal of the Chairman's monoton ous chant, " Ayes to the right, Noes to the left." Mr. Villiers, not to be out done by such a chicken as the Premier, came down prepared to bear his share of the heat and burden of the day. But after the second round the gallant old gentleman was obliged to cave in. His still abundant white hair, and his crooked figure, literally pressed down by the heavy hand of Time, finally disappearing from the scene between half-past 10 and 11 o'clock on the night of July 13, 1891. For more than a generation he had been a sort of Parliamentary ghost. "With a some what lengthened experience of the House of Commons I never had the opportunity of hearing his voice. Men in the present Parliament who have heard him take part in debate may, I fancy, be counted on the fingers of one hand. Great pains were, I hear, taken to keep from Mr. George Dixon the news of the death of Mr. Villiers. Lying so long at the point of death it was feared that news of how matters had ended with an old friend and colleague might ; prove a fatal shock. The member for Edgbaston was neither of the class nor the school of the senior member for Wolverhampton. But having been first returned for Parliament in the year 1867 he had come to rank amongst the oldest members. Mr. Villiers was still in active Parliamen tary when Mr. Dixon took his seat. They were on the same side of the House, and being, to some extent, neighbours in the provinces, they were on friendly terms. Like Mr. Villiers, though not for such a lengthened period, Mr. Dixon has practically withdrawn from public life. Not a brilliant orator or a man of commanding personal influence, he was an excellent type of member, painstaking, industrious, and above all things, honest. When Mr. Chamber lain was fighting Mr. Foster, whom he suspected of tendency to denomina tionalism, Mr. Dixon stood by his side and did yeoman's service. Last year, when Lord Salisbury's Government brought in a bill endowing denomina tional schools to the disadvantage of board schools, Mr. Dixon was not equal to the effort gracefully accom plished by Mr. Chamberlain of sup porting the bill. He even disclosed in tention of joining the Opposition on this particular ground. The worry oc casioned by the incident had something to do with the breakdown in his health, which early last session with drew him from attendance at West minster. Talking the other day of develop ments of cheap telegraphy during his personal association with the Govern ment Department, an officer high in command at St. Martin's-le-Grand, dwelt upon the remarkable extension of the use of telegrams for social pur poses. When he first joined the' office the despatch of a telegram was a solemn matter, not to be undertaken without due deliberation. Now. the telegraph is resorted to upon what, 20 ! years ago, would be regarded as frivc lous occasions. This year, one of the officials tells me, the telegraph system has come into use in a direction that j vastly added to the labours of the staffi and may appreciably increase the ! revenue. At Christmas time, aud on j New Year's Eve, people, instead of i sending out the time-honoured card, ! had recourse to the Post Office, and ! sent by telegraph a friendly message, j It seems, on the face of it, extrava gant, but it really is not so. Including J postage and envelope it would be diffi cult to get a decent card under the six pence which a telegraph message costs, i At least, in the early stage of the prac- 1 tice, tfce telegraph message, with its special delivery, is more imposing, I remember a couple of years ago, when Sir Henry Irving chanced to be in the United States at Christmas time, he hit upon a happy expedient. To his J wide circle of private friends he sent a Christmas greeting from -Chicago—I think that was the place where he spent Christmas Eve. On the face of it it seemed as if it had come specially by cable. But there is a simple and obvious means of avoiding the un necessary expense. Young Cambridge is just now hugely delighted with the latest story about a well-known Don. This gentleman has a curious habit of, by a slip of the tongue, involuntarily making up a sort of portmanteau or kaleidoscopic word. It is accomplished by means of mixing up syllables of words succeeding each other in a sentence. His best known, and perhaps most perfect success, hap pened in church. Entering one Sun day morning a little late he found a stranger in his pew. " I beg your par don, Sir," be said, breathlessly, leaning over the interloper, " but your occu pewing my pie." Occupying my pew j was, of course, what, in a calmer mo menfc, he would have said. His latest is almost, if not quite, as good. There was talk in the company where he found himself as to what tradesmen were most fully employed by the col- j lege. " Do you still get your groceries i from Bloxland's V' one of the men j asked the Don. " No," he said, art ! lessly, t: I did for many years, but now ! I steal from the doors." It was only after a moment of shocked silence the ! company realised that what the reve-, rend gentleman meant was that he J dealt at-the stores. It makes all the difference as to how you dispose of your d's and your st's. 