The Catholic World. NOTES AND NEWS INTERESTING TO EVERYONE. IN ALL QUARTERS. In the Throne-room of the Vatican Palace on Wednesday, February 9, took place the annual reception for the offering of good wishes and congratulations to the Holy Father on his birthday and on the anni versary of his coronation. Leo XIII. , as is well known, was born on March 2, 1810, and was crowned Pope on March 3, 1878. Shortly after mid-day on Wednesday his Holiness, accompanied by the bacred College of Cardinals, entered the Throne room. There were there assembled the Archbishops and Bishops resident in Rome, the prelates attached to the various con gregations, the members of the Noble Court, and other dignitaries, both ecclesi astical and lay. ? ? . ? 1 In reply to an address read by Cardina Oreglia ai Santo Stefano, Dean of the Sacred College, in which allusion was made to the notable spread of religion, consequent on the Holy Father's fruitful and beneficent teaching, His Holiness said : Demonstra tions of religious homage to the Pope have always a higher mark than his mere person. In honouring the Pontiff men do honour to the supernatural institution which he repre sents, and which is unique for its loftiness and for the grandeur of its attributes. On this account especially, and not for ourself, did we' accept the repeated and solemn acts of homage which accompanied our 20 year's of Pontificate, and on account of it too did we take satisfaction in the recent marks of devotedness to which you, my Lord Cardinal, have alluded, and for the expression of which the recurrence of the anniversary of our priesthood was only an occasion. , The unanimous intention of the multitude of the faithful gathered on February 13 in the neighbouring Basilica was that of paying respect to the Supreme Pastor, and of thus confessions the preroga tive bequeathed by Jesus Christ, to the episcopal See of Rome. While bowing in a visible manner before ofcr humble person they were bowing in spirit to the ? Divine idea which renders the Pontifical vestments venerable to the world. ? . ft ? ? ? . & ?? . , To their acts of homage, and to. their re speotful acclamations, millions of Italian consciences responded from all Bides in har mony. No outrage accordingly should have ? been committed t» prevent an enthusiasm inspired by ideas and sentiments, not simply honourable aud un censurable, but also holy ?? and obligatory. Yet it was done and tole rated. It is not to mere chanoe, but to the designs of Heaven, that the renewal of fer vent sentiments of the kind above alluded to is to be attribnted. ? - .. » ? ?.?????.???'.? It would seem that in the present trying times God wishes to make it palpable, even to the most restless, that He jealously de fends the fortunes of th» Holy See, and that He watohes from1 above on His Own work. On this aocount He continues to crown the tiara with brilliant rays, and preserves for it, more keen and devoted than ever, the sympathies and affeotion of the multitudes. This sympathy and this affeotion are nob bounded by the Alps and the sea. .?'?.'?? ?? ? ' - ? ' . They spread, through Divine berievolenoe, and grow daily stronger in every quarter of the oivilised world. We give a hearty wel come to this consoling wave of affeotion, ?whioh springs from the renovated Christian conscience, whioh protests against unjust oppression, and which vindicates its own right of existing, and of being revealed vigorously independent in the sight of the universe. But how painful it is to witness calumny or misunderstanding regarding the aspiration of human hearts towards Rome, the saderdotal metropolis, depository of divine oraoles and dispenser of salvation 1 . , -j ? . ? * * » Why should the oonsoling reality of the facts not be regarded in its true light? In the midst of the fear inspiring tempests of a forgetful and incredulous age the oare of personal salvation reasserts itself anddireots . men's minds towards the Holy City, the polar star of the soul. It is the need of pos sessing Jeans Christ that leads people to the throne of His Vicar. The primary root of moral and sooial calamities ,of our age lies in the weakening of the religious sentiment. Every upright spirit and every heart solioitous for publio and private prosperity must accordingly bless the present re awakening of Christian sentiments, and regard it as a presage and promise of future salvation. However this may be, God dooa not, as man does, leave his work unfinished. He began the salutary movement, and, sooner or later, he will be pleased to extend and complete it, for His Own glory and for othe salvation of mankind. . ? , ? *' ? ? ? This fruit of mercy will not be seen by us who are very near the end of our earthly career. We rejoice, however, to foresee it and to hail it with hone and desire. Wil lingly and gratefully we accept the worthy sentiments of the Sacred College, nobly ex pressed by you, my Lord Cardinal. In returning you thanks we impart with paternal affection to you and to your venerable colleagues the Apostolic Benedic tion,, as also to the Bishops, prelates, and others who are here to form a welcome attendance. After, imparting the Benedic tion, his Holiness arose and retired to his private apartments. * * ? ' On the next day occurred the twentieth anniversary of the coronation of Leo XIII. with the Tiara, and a ' Cappella Papale' was accordingly held in the Sixtine Chapel. The Duoal and Regal Halls, throngh: which the Sovereign Pontiff was carried in solemn processional form on the ' Sedia Gestatoria,' were crowded with visitors, including the \ members of the Swiss nilerrimaee. Enthusiastic acclamations arose as His Holiness, 'crowned with the Tiara and wear ing the sacred vestments and white papal mantle,/ was borne through the halls, the ostrich fans being carried at his side, and the other points of. ceremonial being observed which are put in practice only on occasions of much solemnity. ' * * ? In the Sixtine Chapel were the members of the Sacred College of Cardinals, the Grand Master, the Commanders, the Knights of the Order of Malta, the diplomatic corps accredited to the Holy See, and various prelates and lay members of the Pontifical Court. The Maps was sung by Cardinal Serafino Vannutelli, Cardinals Macohi and Steinhuber assisting at the Pontifical Throne. During its course the Sixtine choir rendered the Mass of Palestrina, known as ' Hodie Christus natus est nobus,' and sang also the 'Tu es Petrus ' and a 'Benedictus ' especially composed by Maestro Mustafa for the occasion. As is customary the service of escort was performed hy the Noble Guard, the Bervice of honour by the Swiss and Palatine Guard, and that of order by the Swiss Guard and the Pontifical gendarmes. At noon the Mass was finished, and his Holiness left the Sixtine Chapel. ? '? ? * . ?'?.-. During the week the, Holy Father;, con- tinued to receive in separate and private audience the members of the diplomatic body accredited to the Vatican, who had the commission of conveying the congratu lations of their respective Governments to his Holiness. The Pontiff likewise re ceived a number of Frenoh Bishops, and also the ohief lay members of his household and the commanders of the various bodies of Pontifical troops. Amongst other persons received by his Holiness may be mentioned Mr. Storer, United States Minister to Bel gium, who was paying a brief visit to Rome. The Mexican pilgrimage, arrived in Rome on Monday, Feb. 7. At the railway station to meet it wore Mgr. Ibara, Bishop of Chil ' ada j Mgr. Rojas de Mollina, the Reotor of the South American College, a deputation of students from the same institution, and a number of ladies and gentlemen of the Amerioan Colony, The pilgrims were slightly over 40 in number, and had at their head Mgr. Prefetto Amozquita, Bishop of Puebla, and Mgr. Filomeno Fierro, Bishop of Tamaulipas. The Prelates lodged at the South American College, and the other mem bers of the pilgrimage at various hotels. On Wednesday a Swiss pilgrimage numbering some 250 persons reached the Eternal City, the leaders being Canon Kleiserand Rev. D. Banohini. ', ? * ? On the 21st Maroh of the present year ooourred the eighth centenary of the day when, in a vast solitude in the diocese of CMlonB-sur-Sa6no, twenty-one friars, under the direction of Robert of Champagne, com menced to build a monastery, and founded the Cistercian Order. The centenary this year was solemnly celebrated, and in com memoration of it a history of the Order has just been published. It fully boars out the saying that ' Tho Inspirer of the Cisteroian Order was tho Holy Ghost, the Legislator t. Benodiot, the Founder St. Roberjb, and tho Propagator St. Bernard.' The life of the great Society is dividod into four periods ; its formation (1098-1134) ; its'* golden age (1134-1342) ; its decadence 1342-1790) ; and its restoration 1790 to tho present day. In the middle of the four teenth century the Order possessed no fewer than seven hundred monasteries. In our own day, after a series of revolutions and vicissitudes, it' owns merely seventy seven, and the two-thirds of them are in France. Six years ago Leo XIII. published a Constitution uniting under one Superior General, the various congregations into which the Order had become divided, and thus imparted to it new life and vigour. ? ? * Mgr. Alessandro Splari, a member of the Academy of NodIb Ecclesiastics, has been named Nunciature Secretary, and has been attached to the Apostolio Delegation of Col umbia. Now that a secretary has been appointed, the Dolegate-Apostolio of Col umbia, Mgr. Vic,o, who is at present visiting his family in Tuscany, will hasten his departure for the American Republic. Another Nunciature Secretary has been nominated in the person of Mgr. Vassallo di Torre GroBsa, who ib dostined for the Apostolio Nunciature in Bavaria. x * ? ? The Very Rev. Father Germain, Reotor of the Passionist Fathers at SS. John and Paul on the Ccolian Hill, haB made that spot interesting to antiquarians by discover* ing undornoath the church tho dwelling of tho saints. The house was a patrician abode of the fourth century, and proved to be in an excellent state of preservation. Excavations made during these last few weeks have brought to light other imports ant parts of the residence. The domestio baths with all their accessories have been laid bare. ? » ? , In one of the rooms whioh compose them is seen the laoonioum or alcove, with basin for hot water, and the labrum, or large cotta basin, in tho centre of the apartment for the cold bath. Underneath tho mosaio flooring have been found tho brick conduits for the hot air by which tho rooms and the wator wero treated. The furnace is also in a good state of preservation, and instru ments and vessels of all kinds that wore ser« ciceable in a bath-room, such as stoves, buckets, &c;, havo boon mot with in con* sidorablo profusion. The afiiux of sight seers to thesconoof this important discovery had during several days boon very groat. You can draw your own conclusion frojn the faot that thoro isn't enough truth in existonoo to keep tongues of gossips oon* stantly wagging. ? ? — — 