THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. CURIOUS stories are to!<l about tho powers pos- sessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men it is said, have devoted scores of years to the stud}' of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the "adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for thu purpose of* finding ont tho secret of their remarkable perform- ances. They treated him rather scurvily, but in- terested Iiiiii all the samo. One day the pro- fessor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was as dark as the bottom of a well. " I can't see to read, here," said the visitor. " Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened tho cave. He. could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality-it cast not the slighest shndoiv. This a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high charaetei, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that nil the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A mun who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else .but doubt could result from bis experience ? Take nn example : V In the spring of 1888," writes our correspon- dent, " I fell into a low, weak, and languid stat«, I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour Muid, also hitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on 1 continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took re- lieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any con- fidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother's Curative Syrup, .1 have been in the best of health, nnd spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birming- ham, June 8th, 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about tho light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand wo have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symp- toms, forms, or phases of that universal disease indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cu.r«;s that, and throws the light of health an.;! happiness over hearths and hornes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people boliavu all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. NJCVER brenk a promise made to a child if it cnn possibly be fulfilled. There is nothing which ruins a child's moral nature more utterly than the loss of faith in those he love?, and to whom ho looks ns an example for his own little life. Encournge children to take all thoir plea- sures and griofs nliko to mother or father. There is an added zest to every joy, and a com- fort in every trouble, if the sympathy of pnrouts is evinced. Indeed, a mother has no stronger hold overlier family than that which is obtained by n thorough sympathy with them in all tho small events of their lives, nnd it is nn irifluonoo which often lasts for a lifetime, for tho know- ledge to tho grief with which mother will henr of it, checks many an unkind word und wrong action. A motlior should have oven ahalf-nn hour's confidential chutonch day with tho child- ren. To listen to their joys nntl sorrows, to restrain or encournge their littlo ambitions. Just a homely gossip during which tho little ones cati fool that mother bolongs wholly and j soley to them. Such a landmark during the day is one of childhood's purest influences, and it is certainly one of the sweetest 'of- memories for their thoughts to turn to, and tunny a little bit of advice and gentle admonition^ which they haye heard during " mother's hour," will flash into their minds/and- will be of infinite help to them in tlie many temptations they must encounter, when old euough to fight the hard battle of lifo fdr themselves: IT is with feelings of the deepest regret that we record the death of Miss Alice Burnside, which took place at her mother's residence, " Rosebank;" Speed-street, on Tuesday morning last. The deceased lady was -well-known and highly respected by all classes bf the community, while she was much beloved by the inmates of the asylum to whose wants she assisted in minis-; tering for-raany years. The remains of deceased were removed to St. Luke's Church,on Wednesday morning last where they remained till the after- noon, when the funeral took place and they were conveyed to the Church of England cemetery for interment, the procession including the choir, several leading residents, and the officers and a number of the inmates of the asylum. The coffin was covered.with 'floral tributes sent by sym- pathising friends. The Revs. G. Middleton (Seven Hills), Cecil King (Camden) and J. Shear- man (rector) officiated at. the burial service and appropriate hymns were sung by the choir. Mr.. F. Hartge conducted the funeral arrangements. 