Fishing. By "Jack Siiay,"J Tbo dosiro to fish is a universal human failing; like gambling, only moro mntiguaot; , mid furthermore, it i3 unrestrained by any ' . ban of morality. That great longing to drop n small bait into tho unknown depths of chance and draw fortli a big result, is very strong in us all. But if men hud to turn a hi. mile for the usual fishing re3ulls, nothing further would he heard of it. Th occupa tion would be altogether too commonplnco. ' Thero is a foolish impression abroad that patience is a tare virtue amongst men. This is gross error. A visit to tbo banks of the river occasionally will correct it. Numer ous boats may bo seen on tho water, ocoupied by patient men, roasting in the sun waiting for the exciting sport that takes so loog to commence. To bo patient under pain and sufforiug is a womnu'a boast but what meed of praise can bo awarded to thoso uicn who nro eo patient in tbeir pleasures, so long suffering in their pastimes. What can cqu&i; the lingering agony of hope deferring when the full won't bite. If thero is ono thing more than nnother that demands patience it is fishing, aud it is an anomaly not compre hended by the male miud, why women make bad fishers. I am not now referring to that harm less desire for appreciation, tho artistio and elegant angling for compliments. Men aro tbo fiBh in such cases, aud no patieuco is required ; tboy coino to the bnit so willingly. Thero aro other qualities that fishiog en genders in men not so laudable us patience ; aud possibly this is whoro women fail to establish a reputation as fishers. Tboy lack imagination. I know men wbo3Q veracity is unimpeachable, except on tho subject of fishing, a subject which seems to bo peculiarly tbo care of their black angel. When they sally forth under (ho dark shadow of bis wings, they mostly break tbo record estab lished by their great antitypes, Anminius and bis charming spouse ; and the effort doesn't blanch them, for this reason, I have looked upon Homo of my acquaintances as lost There is hope, however, now that war has broken out, that their minds may bo drawn from toe seductive subject. The possibility of stray bullets calling them to their long account (fishing men havo very loug accounts) will cause them to hedge a bit and gather in the slack of their fcttilo imaginations. I havo always been hazy on tho subject of fishing and fish, so 1 referred recently to Webster, preparatory to suggesting an ovan- gelical mission to fisheis I find that tbo word " fisti," among other uses It bos, is " a name loosely applied in popular usauo to many animals of oiverso characteristics, liv- log in the water." Diverse characteristics is good. But there is no diverse characteristic about fishers ; tboy arc 0De and all powerfully —imaginative. " It breathes by moans of gills, and lives almost entirely in tho water." As far as my observation goes it invariably dlo3 there alec, vory rarely expiring iu a boat. Bow many years we spend tied up to bridges and jetties, or anchored over rocks and evil smelling mudbnnbs, and with what vory motcro results. I havo tried it, and bavo cover been able to fathom my ill luok. It Isn't my fault. I am euro I havo tried ovory kind of fine and hook aud a varied assort ment of bait, from tho sucoulent pr&wa; to tho fetid morsel of foul mullet, whoso savory odour lingers about your boat and old olotbes for days, and which might reasonably bo ex pected to nttract fish irom the other hemis phere; but without getting mora than a nibble. I have tried ovory conceivable attitude that it i9 possible for tho human frame to assume in a boat without frauturo, regardless of dignity or deportment, and yot . tho ilnh didn't tako mo unawares, us thoy should have done. Aftur that I havo fallen asleep on tho thwarts, aud dreamt of beer bottles bobbing about nil over the river in a weird processional dance around the boat, and had a painful impression of an Impos sible oontraot to haul in the New Caledonia cable with tho island attached. Then it is pleasant to awake with tho sun in your faoo aua tn find the others asleep too, and tbo lines all loul of one another. To haul In one's hare books oarefully, rouse tho othors, aad wax furious at their carelessness for losing one, a groat fisti", i3 tbo natural sequel. I r.-s&to; tho occasion, a falsehood liko that is jtot'iassry. Tho traditions of tho craft demand /" it. Tho others are soon very busy oleurlng lines und baiting hooks again at tbo thrilling news. ThiB is all tho sympathy tI can com mand, po I light my- pipe and 'pretend to .auik. Sometimes people fail in their sport, ob in othtr matters, on nccount of the com- Eaoy thoy keep. But my fishing failures aro ardly attributable to- Uiis cause. Ono might ratber oxpect a good " take" with the com- paoions I havo had. Thoy woro Doctors, Lawyers, Bankers, Parsons, ct hoc ; not ntnll tbo persons to bo cludcd'by fish, oven. Tboy woro mo3t attractive and observant, with known powers of acquisition. . Ono thing I observed, however. Not ono of thoso good pooplo wns able to allay that unquenohablo thirst which seems inseparable from a fishing uu IV. oueunngty too puysical exhaUBtlon 01 halting hooks and holding a bream lino for hours, is immonsoly drier work than ohaBing subscribers for a bonovolont fund. To fish," verb, by tho sumo authority, is " to attempt to catch fish." This - Is a vory .meagre, inadequate description of the poor verb. It means u lot mora than that. I will > - amplify it. Tho lexicographer lmdn't room. Ono day when you are weak and lonely and Had a man comes along and nsks you to go out M to fish." You hail him as a deliverer, fall on bis neek, and hysterically say that you will be glad to join tho party ; aftor which you raws out all your rusty hooks and rotten linos add add a fresh supply of tncltio regard- Ics3 of cost. That night you mako merry, and afterwards retire aud dream of glittering heap? of gleaming fish, of sharks and whales and other things. You wake early from your nightmares full of tho joyful anticipation of hauling up saoro3 of tho "dem denizens of tho d p." You mentally note the friends who wni participate In your g-morous gifts of. fi?h- 1 Visions of lugor beer, wbiskoy, o'gara, nnd ranch baskets roploto with overy luxury, rouse your energy and inflame your zoil. Y- ur mouth waters at tho pleating prospcot. \- Later on your party reaches tho water, indi vidually arrayed in the picturcsquo garb of tho roussabnut, and flounders through the mud into tij.» Then you pull several , i xP Dr dowo ft earing soa of molten metal that makes your eyes blink aa you sweat lilco a galley shvo, and «fter somo Strang argumont the anchor is let g«. There is always u versatile geniu? aboard who knows things butter than nnyono elso, kuows tho bottom of tbo river liko an opon book, wboro inn fish arc, and c-xratly how many will bo caught. It £o«ms a necessary Wife in tho caste of tragedians, and I ussumu it mysolf if no one clso does. This individual should bo prepared to contradict overy suggestion made and to begin at once. Revenge can be taken when ho gets lunglcd up In his lines. Your halt is short, but that is an cxccllont slga. Hungry Mi swarm round your boat whon tuero is no bait left. So with a looker full of hope you proceed. After dragging half-a- mile, tho auaiior bold against somo rocks, and yo« aro glad tilt you go to haul it up again. Then yon curse all tin rockj in tbo .jf,0. all thf\\. nnnhor o«i-r his business always catches a tow dozen. The ralo to find tho nctual catch is to allow 90 por ocnt off for error in account. This is what the verb to fish means. Fishing is good fun somotimos. It has its eunshino in a sonsc that doesn't pool tho skin off you; as when two of our company once got a largo bite together, nnd thoy both hauled in their linos liko mad. Both fish got right under tho boat, and tho men pulled and tugged and pulled till at last tho linos broke, nnd they fell back on tho lunch baskets, smashed glasses, spilt boor, and raado general havoc. Such an event is unusual, perhaps nnd it is well it is so. Tho fnca of tho man who hauled In tho other fellow's siokcrs and hooks W4s liko n vision from Danto's Inferno. Wo placed tho poor fellows at either end of tho boat at onca nnd proclaimed martial law. Thoro thoy stormed and raged at cnoh other liko wild beasts. When thoy wcro sufficiently onlm wo returned them tbeir knives nnd sinkers and othor likely missilos. Murder was thus proventod. Thoy rcsumod fishing. Referring to Webster again, I find that " to fish" is " to seek to obtain by artifioo ; or in directly (by beor nnd cigars in somo oases) to seek to draw forth ; to fish— for compliments. How apt fheso several meanings aro. Tbo man wbo cntchos fish (or 6uys bo does) can generally hook compliments too. There is an unnccountabla affinity between scaly monsters of tho rnnin and certain individuals of tho human species. I havo soon a mau catohlng fish as fast as he could book them, while sovoral others round hint watched silently, struck dumb with tbo absurdity of it, nnd without getting ft bito oven. Thoro is also a magnetic attraction bctwocn somo human beings themselves which brings them fogethorlibo tho eilont closing of a clam- shell. Tbo bifurcated mamma! labelled by Knturo as a curiosity for hor show casos, /raters a ballroom, and draws compliments with the most witless bait and artless in difference. Tho book says also that " fisher" is " ono whofishoB;" fisherman," ono whoso occu pation is to catch fish." Hero Is a distinc tion. Amateur and professional porhaps. I am glad I found that. It 19 a groat comfort to know that thoro is a distinction. It is con soling to find a place for oneself In tbo books, and without disgrace on tbo rivor. Mako no mistake. A fisherman is ono who catches fish. A fisher, ono who attempts to do so. I bavo looked upon mysolf hitherto as an unsuccessful fisherman, but I am not, I am a fishor. I honestly and ardently attempt, "yea, my dear .brethren, I do so earnestly try, nnd wish," to catch fish. Howovor, it is not in fishers to command succoss, but, great Isaao Walton's piscatorinl ghost! is thoro any one prepared to say I don't dosorvo It? I havo hauled fish up to tho very gunwhalo, and thoy havo opened tbeir mouths and let go. Is it any wondor that I did tho samo, standing thoro liko a fool, tho sport of tho other bunyip3? We sacrifice friends and miss the most polito functions for tho sake of hauling in fish that vory effectually decline to bo hauled iu. We waste timo, " tin,' lacklo, and temper, and all the patience of a paid politician, for what wo could buy at tho door for half-a-orown. Obi tho precious timo wnstcd! Yes, fishing boalns with a bent pin, and ends with a IwUtcd consolence. The hours wo lose sitting like pelicans on a sandbank gossiping might bo devoted to seionce. If fishers would only conso fishing, and in their collective moss of thought and action, so wasted, ovolvo tho (lying machimo, what a result ! I throw it out as & sugges tion, a bait. Fish, the noun, is to bo found over in tho Heavens. But there it goes by anothor name, I'tsceB, a sign of the Zodiao. It is placed thero in tbo sky to encourage lonely lunatics who sit out in boats at night under the palo stars, with a line between thumb nnd finger, and a cold wind blowing through ibelr ribs — not a drop of whisky in tbo boat, and tobaeco left behind. In eilont agony thoy look up at Pisces, and murmur through their chattering toeth to tho gently lapping wavo- lots; but what thoy say need not bo recorded here, it is taken down elsewhere. For hours tboy sit and think of all tho fish tboy over caught; and Q9 the gullible public isn't there to listen to romance, thoy dream fiction to themselves and nro happy. Towards morning thoy go home cold and stiff, taking two- column oaths novor to touch hooks again. Tho intelligent house dogs receivo them as burglars, and are glad of the opportunity to wake the whole neighborhood. Iu tho morn ing tho cook throws the "dirty" fish out to the fowls, and there is "something aooom- plishod, something won," tbo poultry get a feed. Tho word fish is used adjcctivcly too. When tho diotionary man got bold of " fish," he stack to it for a long while. It was tho only |fish he ovor 'caught I cxpoot, and ho tovod to linger on it. Fish-plate for iostanee. That is tho nlato that lies so mtlflntlv nnd quietly holding on to something. It origin ated through an engineer scoing a mau hold ing on to a lino for a day and a-half, and never moving except to " light up" or " liquor up," and he thought tho word al together too lovely and appropriate. It's a dangerous thing to rally fishes when tho fish won't bito. Wo once had a fellow ont with us who bad never fi3bod oven in his youth. It was bravo of him to como, but he was foolhardy. Ho buzzed away like a threshing machine for somo hours ; thon finding our performances net up to provious fictions ho grew reckloss and impatient. Asked if what we wcro doing was a real per formance or only a rehearsal ? Whon might he expect somo result ? Ho would liko to see a fish caught very muoh bo that ho oould tell thorn at homo ho had boon ocoupied 1 Why did wo jerk our lines occasionally ? Wd said it was muscular contraction due to exoite- mont. Ho looked dubious, nnd suggested wo tied tho lines up on tho bank and went for a sail till tho fish woro ready for us. Ho didn't boliovo, aftor nil, that fishing was as esoUIng as hunting grizzly boars. Thought hooks superfiuous; quicker to feed tho fish by hand direct. Fishing was a fool's gnrao, Ho got re-itless at last and rocked tho boat. Then |hs skipper proposed to make sbark-food of him ; but wo begged bis lifo nnd drugged htm. Ho lay in the bows, and wo were con- tout for awhile ; but presently he bognn to snoro so that our lines trombled nnd tho water rippled round tho boat. Then we marooned him on a sandbank till wo went homo. Ho said ho wouldn't go fishing again till thero was a famine amonget tho fish. The next time ho offorod them bait thov would rush at it. But when tho fish aro biting, have bitten, nnd you are fighting a big fellow worthy of your hooks, game as a Hon, and pulling liko a wild colt— ah I tbo joyful prospect of land ing him (twonty pounds if bo's an ounce), the dread ho wilt break away, get round tho onohor chain or tho rooks; tho green onvy you feel is rising all around you, tho sudden siokoning feeling whon tho line slaekons ; oh, ho s gone ; no, thero ho jump9, and out rocs tho lino with a merry rip. Ho comos to the top thirty yards out and sheers round by tho stern. Never mind tho other lines. Undor the boat ho goos; what a pretty tanglo of linos thero will bo directly. Down ho plunges, deeper, deeper, then off again. Hero, qulok ! splice a lino, he's taking it all. But that was his last, big effort, ho comes back muw ttioiur, mm uiior sovorai shorter runs bo gives in and comes gently to tho boat. A splosh, a flounder, and the not is under him, and ho lies Happing in glittering silvery beauty on tho bottom boards. Another fish in caught before wo trip anchor, and we pro ceed to oaloulato. Two, multiplied by four (-ha number of men iu tho boat) makes ton, add six for fish, hooked but lost, equals twenty, aubstraet three for bait, total catch, thirty-five. This may bo faulty mathematics but its good fishing, nnd an ontry is mado by the angel in the great fishing record, folio ton thousand, volumo three million, that he koeps for fishers to explain by and bye. 