THE SEA GHOST MASSACRE. In connection with the capture of the cutter Sea Ghost and tho massacre of tho captain and four of the crew, by tho natives of Buka Island, details of which, were published In yesterday's "Dally Telegraph," we learn that the matter of punishing the natives will be taken in hand shortly by one of the German warships of the Pacific squadron. Either the Bussard or Ihe Falko will be dispatched on the punitive expe dition. Captain Kolshorn, the unfortunate mas ter of the cutter, was a German by birth. He was for some yours engaged in one of the coastal boats out of Sydney.When the schooner Welcome was fitted out here for the Island trade a few. years ago. ho joined her as chief officer, and traded among the islands of the Bismarck Archlpelago. On tho loss of the Welcome, Cap tain Kolshorn took charge of the Sea Ghost, and he was, on his first voyage as master of that vessel when eo was murdered by the natives. Tho Premier will on Friday, at noon, recelvo a doputation from tho Stockowners' Association, Fat Stock Buyers' Association, Stock Boards' Council of Advico, and tho Fat Stock Salesmen's Association, with regard' to tho condemnation of cattle under the Health Act. . Tho total amount of stamp duty paid last week In connection with wills of which probate had been obtained was £3924 3s. Of this amount £3069 wore derived from the estate of tho lato Mr. Benjamin Richards, who died at his resi dence, ICamllaroi, Richmond, on March 5th, 1898. The will was dated February 22, 1896, and by it the testator bequeathed his estate, which Is valued at £61,390, and which consists mainly of property situated In tho counties of Northumber land, Cumberland, and tho Hunter, to the mem bers of his family. Mr. David Storey, M.P., has been informed by the Inspector-General of Police that tho question of additional police protection for Kandwick has beon under consideration for some tlmo, and it is anticipated that tho numerical strength of tho force in that locality will bo increased at an early date. The steamer Gulf of Bothnia cleared yesterday for London with 26,438 carcases of mutton, 998 quarters of beof, and 100 crates of hares on board. During tho absence of the inmates on Sunday afternoon, a house in Edgecliff-road, Wooitahra, was entered by thieves, access being gained by forcing open a bedroom window. The whole of tho rooms were ransacked, and a quantity of jewellery was stolen. Strange to say, several ar ticles of value, which could easily have been re moved, were untouched. Alderman C. W. Oalces was, at the Paddington Council meeting last night, appointed to fill the vacancy on the finance committee caused by the resignation of Alderman Howard. An owner is required for a silver watch and chain which were fouud on the Kensington Estate by a small boy. Tho property was handed over to Inspector Lentliall, and is now at tlio Darling- hurst police station. Mr. J. II. Maiden repeated his lecture on the SydDey Botanic Gardens, this time at St. James'- liall, Phillip-street. A number of new limelight views wore successfully exhibited, and Mr. Maiden added to his lecture several Interesting historical anecdotes. The council and committee of the Working and Factory Girls' Club met on Friday. Mr. II. W. Hammond occupied tho chair. It was re ported that Miss Langeniercr had consented to carry on the cookery classes. Tho banquet to bo given through tho generosity of the Fresh Food and Ice Company to the club members is to take place during the first week In October. Lady Hampden will be present. Mr. W. Ilolman, whose professional experi ence dates back almost to tho "early sixties," ar.d whose knowledge of stage life 1s probably wider than that of- most living actors, last evening de livered a lecture at the School of Axts. Ills sub ject being "An Actor's Views on Shakespeare." In general, his attitude towards the groat drama tist was that, or a profound admirer of the poetic side of Shakespeare's literary character; and the recitations, given as they wero by Mr. Ilolman, Indicated fully that lie had studied the works of tho master with an intelligence and in tensity now all too rare. Ills address was lis tened to with close attention by a largo audience. The steamer General Gordon makes an excur sion to-morrow on the Hawkcsbury River, con necting with trains leaving Sydney at 9.5 a.m„ and Miison's Point at S.55 a.m. Tho river trip will occupy about five hours. The usual Sunday morning breakfast was given at the City Night Retugo and Soup Kitchen, Kent-street, to 87 persons. During last week 1996 meals were supplied, and shelter wns afforded to 857 men, 74 women, nnd 10 children. Out door relief was also given to 31 women and 93 children. Prince Alfred Hospital report for the week onding September 3; — Number of in-patients at last report, 215; since admitted, 68; discharged, 60; died, S; remaining in hospital, 225; number of out-patients treated during tho week, 51S; num ber of casualty cases treated but not admitted, 342; total, 860. 