THE SPINSTER'S CHRISTMAS. MISS PRIME was tho villago. spinster. ?There were, of course, several other rapiden ladies of certain and 'uncertain age in JEyandale, but, in the .same v?ay that many wives belong to their husbands, Miss Primo belonged to thtf' residents' of the littlo town. .She was'thcirs, in sickness and in health; to the poor and to the rich,- to the good and to *'« t.. IMIU UWJVIJ appeared -in any of the little homos, Miss Prime was always summoned! All of which proves that she whs beloved in Evandale. She was a comely little woman, and looked not much older than she had looked fifteen years before, when her spinsterhood had com menced, That was when Elliott Scudder lmd gone away from Evdndale. Every one knew that Angy Primo. had sent him, that | her heart had gone' with him, that sho would thenceforth listep. to no words of love,, that the .love story ot her life had been told. Mahyand various :were tho ways in which her neighbours tried to lighten tho loneliness of her lifoj and there was an unspoken com pact among them. .that she should never be left alone oh holidays. On Christmas, on New Year's Day, at Thanksgiving, sho was always invited to join some family group. . , . Deep in her heart the -little woman knew that this was ,all pre-arranged. While she was well aware that sho was not lookod on in the light of a burden, she knew that she was invited out of sympathy, and sympathy is often an alias of charity. Sometimes — but only to herself, of course — Miss Prime re belled, and wished that she might have the courage to refuse the kindly invitation, but -she never had ; at least she never had had until this particular Christmas. The invitation to. eat dinner with Mrs. Tn.lt hnA -hf»nn rlnlr -7nlivnrm1 on,? Utteo was sitting at her little rosewood desk pre paring to write her acceptance. Suddenly sho determined that she would not go; she would refuse for once. She hurriedly wrote a note declining the invitation, and, hastily putting on her bonnet and shawl, took it im mediately to the post-office, thus giving her* self no time to change her mind. 'When she reached home again she closed tho doors and drew down the blinds, ho that if any one from Mrs. Tait came to inquire her reason for this unusual act it would appear as if she were out. Having started in upon a career of, deception, Miss Prime found tliat one white lie had to bo followed up with jinothet; but .she: needed timn . tn fnm^Hov fused to dine with. a neighbour on Christmas Day. All day long she sat in her kitoben thinking over what sho should say. Night'is ah early visitor tn December, and 'in tlie shaded kitchen Miss Prime's work fell from her hands long before it was time for tea.' She leaned her head back againBt the cushioned rocker, and a little procession of ghostly iff passed before her eyes. There was* the Christmas , that might have beon if .she had not listened to those idle tales — if ho had not gone away without asking her reasons for sending him. There might have been a merry little group around he r table, if — thore might have been childish voices at hcv Christmas tree, if— - And thon a strange resolution formed itself vin Miss Prime'B mind. She would have 'tho same dinner that she would have had for him and for thom. No one would know 1 And why might she not have the joy of preparing I a real Christmas dinner just once ? To say that Miss Prime's response to Mrs. Tdifc's invitation caused consternation in Evandale would bo to express it mildly. It was;the one subject of gossip at tea tables and other meeting places. ? Christmas Day broke wild and stormy. In tho little spinster's house there was an unusual air of festivity, but it was a ghostly festivity, for an immense silence reigned. Once or twice Miss Prime essayed to sing a Christmas carol, but at last she gave it up. ' I declare to gracious,' she cried, ' I do believo you're plum orazy, Angelina Prime 1 Suppose somebody should come in and iind you carrying o.n like this! A home for tho feeble minOcd'd be the next place you'd bo asked to.' In a few nioments, however, she rose from tho rocker, walked to tlie door of the best room, and opened it. There was spread the Christmas table ; a tiny branch of fir bending with Christmas candies and gilded nuts, with red cheeked apples arid golden oranges, oc cupied the center;' around it were drawn four chairs, and on it were covers for four. Tears sprang to Miss Prime's eyes as she placed tho turkey on the well-loaded table, seated her self- and then bowed her head. Her words ended in a moau. Her Christ mas comedy had turned to tragedy. The empty chairs of imagined husband and chil dren mocked her loneliness. For almost tho first time in fifteen years the dreariness of her life confronted her, and the unshed tears of fifteen years beforo fell thick and fast. The turkey had grown cold, the candles were burning low, but still Miss Prime sat before her family table. Sho heard a knock at her door, but paid no attention to it. Then, realizing that only some one in need would be abroad on Christmas night, and in such a storm, she rose to auswer the summons. She extinguished the candles, and as she closed the door of the beet room, she locked it and Hlipped tho key into her pocket. No one should know of her folly. For an instant the glare from Miss Prime's kitchen light flared out on to the snow. Then tho man who had knocked stepped inside, and; taking the lamp from the woman's shak ing hand, placed it 011 the table. Neither had spoken, for to Miss Prime this was but another of the day's ghosts, and although the man had plunned many phruses, in tho piescnce of tho woinau ho had loved for fifteen )enr» and more his tongue wua tied. 'Do you still believo that I am not worthy of your love, Angy V ' ho said at lust. It was ulinost as if he had been gone from her fiftcm iniuutes instead of fifteen years, aud her answer was given as it would havo been bad ho como back for au cxplauation in that far away past. 'No, I nover did believo that.' * But you listened to tho stories against me. ' 'I — I didn't beliovo them.' ** But you sent mo from you,' 4 1 only wauted to bo sure that I loved you.' ' And you are suro now 'r' 'Yob, fell.' After a littlo while Miss Primo said shyly : -l Our supper's ready, Ell.' Then acrimson flush dytd her cheeks. ' Goodness* sakee,' sho cried, 'you sit right hero and don*t movo until I call you 1' ? Then she disappeared into tho best room. The kuives, forks, plates, glasses, napkius, and chairs were quickly removed from tho sides of the table, and when Miss Prime called her lover sho added : 44 1 thought it would look moro sooiablo for you to see tho tablo set for two.' 