NEWS AND NOTES. Mr. Chick, M.P., is suffering from bron chitis. Mr. A. W. Mocks has been appointed to the Board of tho A. J.S. Bank. A big cabbage grown by Mr. W. Bir mingham, of Lismore, turned the scale at 271ba. John Leov 'for attempting suicide, was re manded for medical observation, at Lismore Police Court on Saturday. Tho Empress of Austria was assassinated by an Anarchist in Switzerland on Saturday last. She was stabbed to tho heart. Tho German Emperor and Mrt' A. J. Balfour are heartily in favor of tho Czar's proposal for international disarmament. £250 will probably bo presented to Mr. Brown, ex-M.L.A. for Durham, by his Paterson friends. Already £180 is in hand. Under tho new tick regulations, the pre cautions to, keep the pest out of New South' ' WaleS'liavjB^beeii made as effective as pos snno.^vT^ ? ? '' . The marriage is announced of Miss Jane Clarke: (daughter of Mr. G. Clarke, near CiiRino) and Sir. Frederick Magnay, also of Casino. Another shipment of 752 tons of sugar left for Vancouver last, week by the steamer Warrimo. How much of it was made in tho colony? At llie annual session of tho Presbyterian Federal Assembly, which opened in Sydney on Thursday, the Rev.', James Russell was inducted as Moderator. A depot in. connection with the Byron Bay Creamery has been erected at Lismore, near the railway statiou. The official open ing took place on Tuesday last. At the Central Police Court, Sydney, last week, Thomas Scott- was fined £1 and 12s Gd costs for damaging the uniform of a policeman with his wooden leg. Surveying by photography is gaining ground. Ovor 50,000 square miles have neen pnotogrnpmcauy plotted ana surveyed by the Surveyor-General of Canada. The Narrabri to Moree branch is the pioneer light railway line in this colony and it has proved to be a huge success, a handsome surplus being made on the running. It is considered by the Trades Union Con gress that the labor problem can only bo solved when the means of production, dis tribution, and exchange become common property. The City Council, by motion, expressed its regret at the loss sustained by the deatli of Aid. .leanneret, at its meeting last Friday. The resolution was moved by Sir W. P. Manning. Mr. T. W. Cohen, C.P.S., of Ballina, has been appointed to the temporary charge of the Lismore office during tho absence of Mr. Cochrane. Mr. E. Mackinnon, J.P., takes Mr. Cohen's placo in the Ballina office. There are no 'women' inBarcaldino(Q.) The other day a ' women's meeting ' was to have been held in tho local church. No one attended, the fair ones loudly pro testing that they were 'ladies'— not 'women.' . At Du'bbo on Tuesday an' auctioneer was finedf£390'foisolling tii a batcher at Dubbo 19 head of cattlo diseased with cancer and tuberculosis. He pleaded that the cattle wero sold at 5s each for their hides only, and that the carcases wore intended to be destroyed.* A son of Mr. Atkins, engineer on the dredge working near Lismore, had a narrow escape from drowning on Friday last. The boy, who is only about seven years old, fell on tho deck, partially stunned, and rolled into the river. He was rescued by his father, who dived in after liim, and barely saved his life. On the 7th instant Mr. Joseph Alexan der, of Cowlong, and Miss Frances Mary Gifford, of Pimlico, were united in wedlock. Tho marriage took place at the residence of tho bride's parents, who gave a warm welcomo to their visitors, and made tho occasion a pleasing one to all present. Parson Allan Grace was, at Newcastle Quarter Sessions last week, sent up for 12 months for stealing articles valued at £30 from Mrs Coopur, of Newcastle. The judge said if his friends would take tho unfortunate bagman back to England, and pay value of tho stolen articles, he would order his immediate release. A death froin fright occurred in New Zealand recently. A youn£ girl of timid disposition was asked by her mother to lock the door, at which knocking was causing great, alarm. While doing so the girl be came greatly torn tied, and dropped dead from syncope, caused by fright. Asa boy Bismarck was simply a ' holy terror.' He was up to every mischief, from ramming the head of the family cat into a jam tin and lotting it loose amongst tho company his mother was entertaining in the front parlor, up to pelting snulF all over a church. until the worshippers nearly sneezed their hlesscd heads off. 'S.C.' in tho Examiner writes: — Mr. Lyno lias expressed the opinion that it is by no means certain that Mr. Barton will lie elected. Perhaps this remark ex pressed his wishes rather than his convic tions. Naturally, ho cannot be eager for Mr. Barton's appearance in the Assembly, for that would mean the annihilation of his ambition lo become Premier of the colony. Tho Member for Singleton, Mr. Diglit, has given notice of motion in tho Assembly — ' That the fines on overdue instalments and interest on c.p's., aud on rents of c.l's., homestead leases and homestead selections, should bo reduced to an amount, not ex ceeding live per cent. That holders of homestead selections should be allowed the option of converting their holdings into conditional purchases or freeholds. That holders of homestead leases and homestead selections should bo allowed to give security on their holdings by way of mortgage for money borrowed.' At Bendigo on Sunday night some youths, armed with a double-barrelled gun ami looking out for a ghost stationed themselves at a street corner. Piercing screams wore heard a short distance away, and the young men ran to tho spot, and found a girl fran tic and trembling. She could only utter, 'The ghost, tho ghost,' aud swooned away. Turning tho corner tho lads saw a figure in white moving slowly along the footpath, under the shade of tho street trees. One of them fired at it, and without a sound the ligure jumped a neighbouring fence, and made oil' into tho garden. The ghostly mantle was dropped in tho flight, and when picked up was fouud to consist of halfa dozen yards of white muslin. As it bore ! shot marks it is more than probable that J tho ' ghost ' was struck by somo of tho I pellets, though lio gave no sign. 