DISCOURSE BY THE KAISER. "FAITH PROVED IN DEEDS OF LOVE." The " Arbeiterzeitung," a Socialist paper, published in Vienna, reproduces on October ol what purports, to be the ,'^xt of the speech of the Kaiser at the * consecration Jt the Church of the Saviour at Jerusalem. The paper speaks of the many sensations the Emperor William has made by his speeches, and thinks that this time there will be none, as the present speech was taken to Jerusalem neatly packed up with the helmet, the tan boots, and other paraphernalia. The speech runs thus:—"Iu the name of God, the Father, Sou, and the Holy Ghost, Amen ! To create for the Reformed Church a lasting-place ill Jerusalem, the city of God, where oiir. Lord and Saviour completed the work of redemption by His bitter suiferings, His death, and triumphant resurrection, has long been the aim of my ancestors who repose in God,* so that the Evangelical Church of Germany might not be missing in the place wliere Christians of all faiths olfer up thanks for the gracious work of redemption. His Majesty King Frederick William IV. turned his eyes toward the Holy City and provided that the Evangelical faith should find room there. But it was the heart's desire of my grandfather, who reposes in God, th Emperor, and King Willian the Great, to : erect a Protestant church on the spot sanctified by the work of love of the Order of the Knights of St. John, and accepted as a present from the Sovereign of this country by my father reposing in God, the Emperor and King Frederick III., when he made his pilgrimage to the Holy Laud ; so that in this church the word of God according to the teacliiug of the Reformation may be preached and the name of Jesus Christ be praised in German. By God's grace, I, the German Emperor and King William IL, have been blessed to complete the work begun by my ancestors, and to-day, on the anni versary of the blessed Reformation, in the presence of my beloved Consort, the exalted Empress and Queen Augusta Victoria, surrounded by the- representa tives of evangelical Christianity, borne on high by their united prayers to inaugurate the new church. It is to bear the name of the 'Redeemer, so that it may be known that I, and all those who with mo consider the Reformation a special act 'o£ God's grace, and firmly adhere to it, still look up to Jesus Christ the Crucified and truly Resurrected as to our only Redeemer; in the faith of whom we hope to -be saved and blessed. At the same time this church, which stands on the spot where once the Knights of St. John performed their work of love under the Cross, shall bear testimony Jthat faith aud love are inseparable, and that in Christ Jesus nothing is of lasting value except faith, Droved in deeds of love. With hearts full of thanksgiving we pray to God to maintain His hallowed Word always, and to vouchsafe to us that His Word may always be preached pure and sincere, that it may bring forth fruits of love, so that His Name may be hallowed, His Kingdom may. come, His will be done. May He build and protect our beloved Evangelical Church, and bless our Fatherland out of the fulness of His grace. From Jerusalem below we look up to Jerusalem above, that the Lord andRedeemer of the world may bestow upon us, and all who pray to Him in faith and earnest love, the power so to walk on earth that when we pass beyond it may be with the consciousness that the world has not been the loser, but the gainer by our having lived in it." 