CRICKET. \---- SATURDAY'S PENNANT MATCHES. HEAVY SCORING. NOTES BY OBSERVER. CARLTON V. RICHMOND. WARNE, 314 NOT OUT. When I found, some time ago, that Warne, in spite of his very fine batting from the start of the season had been left out of the team for South Australia, I was one of many who quite failed to follow the selection committee in their choice. There is an idea abroad that he has not any great variety in his strokes, and, though that is, to some extent, his fault, he is very clever in placing them on his strong side, and there is no wicket in Melbourne more difficult to get ex- cepting, perhaps H. Stuckey's. On Saturday, continuing his score against Richmond, with 160 already on the slate, he hammered his merits into the heads of his detractors in rare style, and, without giving the ghost of a chance during the afternoon, carried his score to 314. He is still in, and, with a fine day next Saturday, there is just a possibility of Warne depriving his cap- tain, Worrall, of the record score for Australia— 417 not out. So far Warne has 32 fourers and two fives, and two lives were given him on the first day. I remember no great innings, how- ever, in which the batsman had not some luck with him. The three additional wickets lost by Carlton on Saturday fell in about 20 minutes. Worrall was dropped at 68 by Easthaugh off Sholl's bowling, but the fieldsman made amends by catch- ing him off the same bowler with only 10 runs added to his score. Worrall thought it a rather soft off ball, and attempted a pull, but did not get any weight into his stroke, although he tried his hardest. The ball that got Brooks was quite a yard off the wicket, but the batsman pulled it in. Noonan was bowled by a really good one from Sholl, and then Collins got to work in first rate style, the only fault in his batting being that he was content to stop many that he might have driven. He, however, gave no chance, and made nine fourers. The bowling was not bad, for Sholl sent down a lot of good ones, and, up to 4 o'clock, Fendle was also bowling well. The Richmond fieldsmen, and especially Wade, worked hard, though one perspiring novice was heard to say, "Junior cricket for me. There is no 600 for four wickets there." The Carlton score now stands thus:— CARLTON. First Innings. Hetherington, c Easthaugh, b Wade 150 Warne, not out 314 Worrall, c Easthaugh, b Sholl 78 Brooks, b Fendle 15 Noonan, b Sholl 0 Collins, not out 88 Sundries 13 Four wickets for 658 