A GONTINCENT g ENCAGCE" MENLT 'By EDITH.TOVWNSEND EVERETT. She was always doing out-of-the-way things. Therefore, her friends were sel dom surprised at any bizarre action at tributed to her. Still, it must be con fessed that her most intimate friend was just a trifle nonplu-sed when she re 3narked: "I am engaged to be married." "'But you are married, my dear," pro tested her friend, mildly, knowing from experience that a gentle protestwas all that such a human cyclone yclept Alice N:Wane would tolerate. "Oh, that doesn't matter at all." "Oh, doesn't it?" voiced the protestor, who, had she been questioned prior to this interview, would have thought the marital tie quite an obstacle in the way of the engagerment of one of the parties so bound to another not in the contract, but as proof of Alice's strangely hypnotic Influence over the circle in which she moved it must be admitted that the friend was quite willing to be convinced that a married woman could with ease and no divorce announce her engage mnent with the sang frold of a widow who hias buried her fifth. "I know it Is unusual," continued Alice, as she rocked slowly back and forth in the most comfortable ch-air In her friend's not over comfortable drawing room. "but I never did go in for routine, you knenw. and that is why I am afraid my- marriage has been not altogether a failure,. but sort of disappointing." .?-'What did you expect. honeymooning all the time?" "Of course I didn't' don't be silly. Elsa, but I find it horribly tiresome sit ting opposite the same face three hun dred and sixty-five days in a year and writing to the same man whenever the montony of table is varied by my hus band's absence." "That is, I presume, the rdason why you have taken to writing to other men and to sitting at luncheons and dinners opposite other. faces," put in the candid friend, with a tinge of sarcasm in her voice. "Exactly; and that is why I am en gaged to be married to Jack :Mills." "Engaged to be married! Why, you are silly! How can that be?" "It is all very simple, and you needn't pooh pooh an idea just because it comes as a perfectly new factor into your old fashioned curriculum. I have told Char lie I am tired of him and that I want to marry Jack, and Charlie very sensibly ac cepted his medicine, only stipulating that he and I should live together during the period of my engagement with the other, so that in case I got tired before the day set for outr marriage I could fall back on him and thus 'avoid those embarrassing consequences that often attend broken engagpements." "He said that. did he?" queried Elsa. "WVell, my dear girl, he is guying you." "Guying me? I guess not. You ought to have seen how serious he looked when I came straight out with the bald truth." "One would hat?dly expect him to be joyous, would they?" S"No, it ivouldn't have been complimen tary, yet I hardly I6oked for him to be quite so passive in the matter. Well, good-bye. dear: remember it isn't an nounced formally yet, so don't tell more than just the old girls until- I give you permission to go ahead." And with a little butterfly kiss, a swish of silken skirts and a faint, subtle fragrance of violets in her wake, Alice passed out of the avenue, there to be joined a few mo inents later by handsome Jack Mills, who would have ordered his man to pack up for the Antipodes had he known what the infatuated little woman at his side had told her hushand and friend as her inter pretation of the murmured compliments and empty words of flattery which she had accepted as the true offerings of af fection from a manly, upright and honest heart. IWhile they strolled up the fashionable promenade 'ilsa sat in the cramped quar 'ters for which she paid half her salary and which by courtesy were called "The Grosvenor Apartments." and thought of the wilful, foolish girl who had just left her. "Silly, silly." she murnmured. "Some thing must be done and at once to set matters right or there will be such a tangle that even Alice's proverbial good luck will desert her," and for fully a half hour site rocked slowly back and forth in the chair but just deserted by her guest, her smooth, white brow wrinkled into lit tle lines of doubt arid a troubled look in the deep, serene'eyes: "Well, little girl, have you missed me?" queried Jack Mtills, as he looked down at the trtn figure beside him. "Missed you? Of course, I have." smiled Alice, "hbut I am not going to spoil you by telling you how much." "And what have you been doing since I went away?" "Oh, a lot of things." and Alice smiled to herself as the thought of how among the "lot of things" was the telling her husband that shte cared for the man in whose company she now was. "Does Charlie suspect that you care for me?" "He doesn't suspect. He knows." "The devil he does!" "Oh. yes, you needn't get excited about it. I told him myself and he took it quite calmly." Alice didn't explaih in detail that she had informed her husband she meant to marry Jack. "Some things are best kept secret," she added to herself. "Wrell, all I can say is that you have made it impossible for me to see you again, and I think it the silliest move I ever heard of." ."Impossible to see me? ·Not at all. Charlie insisted at once on inviting you to dinner next Tuesday, arid if you don't come he will think it very queer-whlle I-well,I will begin to believe you haven't meant a word you said all along." "Of course, Alice, I meant that you are the dearest woman in the world, but hang it all, it makes it decidedly awkward for me to shake your hus band's' hand, sit at his table and talk to him as man to man know ing that he knows that I have been mak ing love to his wife. Why couldn't you have let matters go on as they were? Lots of people in society similarly situ ated have affairs running on for years and. they- don't consider it necessnary to blazon the fact abroad in words-they let actions do the talking." "But you know I never do as others "do. You said unconventionality was my great charm in your eyes. If I were to receive your attentions just as Mrs Tom. Dick, and H:arry do, our relations would degenerate into the commonplace and I wouldn't like you at all. I want my life in the future to be based on a d!fferent plane, and I can't see what earthly dif ference it can make to you if I honestly tell my husband that I love some one else, thus getting him accustomed to the situation instead of his being consumed and annoyed by rumors and suspicions that are the thorns in too many-married men's souls." "Is she very wise or absolutely idiotic?" thought Jack, as he looked down at her during this flow of to her convincing ar gument. He had never meant his atten tions to assume a serious attitude. He 3iked Charlie Vane too wnell to run the risk of being cut off from the many "'good things" it' was in his power to be stow upon his friends. He admitted he hadn't had any particular scruples about making love to Vane's wife so long as the episode .were kept just between the two most interested parties: but Alice, with that careless disregard for conse quences typical of the way she had en couraged him upsto the limit, lhad nonw made a pretty kettle of fish by a sort of anti - climax. He couldn't back out now. She had put it so plainly to him that sucl a course would stamrp him cowardly . In both her eyes and Varan'r as well, that with a little shivery pul!' togethez: he turned to her and said like one about to take some bitter mediclne: "Well, what do you expect me to do?" "Do? W'hy, nothing but go c.n just Ss you have been doing all.these months -only now we can act more openly--sort .of with the undersfanding that exists between engaged people, and that always makes others leave them alone together, and all that sort of thing." "A un!que plan." smiled J:ack. with quiet cynicism. "I have never before heard of it being applied to an!y couple in our position; but I supl)(-Fe if you Lsay so. it is all right." Toi hi:nslf he thought : "There won't be a bit 1f fun making love to her when it is all clear sailing.. Hang it all, why did I ever get into such a mess! These unconvention al women :! re always doing somne dei"ced ly awkward thing, and the trouble' of it all is they never stop to consider that they are dragging someone else into it, too." Aloud, however, he went on ap parently unmoved : "Will I see you to night at the Cravens' dance?" "No, I am not going, but will expect you to-morrow at dinner. It will be quite a family party - Charlie. Elsa, you and T. Au revoir." And with a coquettish glance from under her long iashes she ran up the steps of her pretty -home and her conventional cavalier w6nt on his way attended by some gloomy thoughts. "Too deuced much of a family party," he murmured to himself. "I'll look like a nice chump sitting opposite her hus band and knowing that every word I say to her he will have a right to think is one of love - men have let women make asses of them before this, but for consummate donkeyism, I take the cake," and he turned into his club, from whence. several hours later, he emerged, as his man aptly put it when he was en deavoring to get off his boots, "in a beastly state of inebriety." "My dear. I really think your engage ment dinner will be a tremendous suc cess," said Charlie Vane, as he peeped into his wife's dressing room the even Ing next prior to going down to the drawing room. w'here Elsa was already awsaiting her hostess, her position of family frienal allowing her to arl'ive quite early and naturally ahead of Jack, I who, you may be sure. was not going to run the risk of a ma.uvaise quart d'heulre en tete-a-tete with his host. "The flow ers areparticularly lovely; I chose them myself and I ordered 'iompkirs to bring out of the cellar those special bottles of Margot we were going to keep for our 10th. anniversary. Of course. they will not be needed then, and I thought as there would prolbably never again occur a more festive occasion in our joint career, that they might as well be used up in bumpers to the health of the fu ture MIPs Jack Mills. "How sweet of you," smiled Alic6 over her shoulder, from her position in front of the cheval glass, where she was ad justing a cluster of lilies of the valley amid the fluffy chiffon of her decolletage but somehow the words lacked enthus lasm. "I honestly believe he is glad t get rid of me," she thought after he had closed the door and the soft tread of his footsteps on the polished staircase an nounced that he had gone below- stairs "fHow handsome he looked to-night. It is funny I never noticed how really dis tinguished he is in appearance. To be downright honest, if he weren't my hus banrd, I would thin:! he were handsomer than Jack. Oh, pshaw! What a sily idea. Dear Jack. how sweet of him to send me these lilies, Charlie has forgot ten all about doing those nice little things. I wonder when Jack and I are :married if he will forget, too. It will be rather amusing to compare the two. Charlie will be lonely -without me. I suppose, but then he may marry again. Nonsense. 'Who would he marry? Poor old chap, he isn't a marrying man. He ought never to have married inc. He is too conventionally prosaic." and with this jumble of thoughts in her pretty brown head she tripped downstairs to receive a sudden and unexpected shock In the confusion of the couple upon whom she burst uncere moniously. Elsa and her husband, with heads dangerously near together, were >bending over a great bunch of violets, which at a glance Alice could see were the proper accompaniment for Elsa's dead white gown. "How lvely of you to remember that violets wer, my favorite flower," Elsa was saying as Alice noise lessly pushed the velvet po;.?iere aside. "-lHow could I ever forget anything that concerned you?" canle the ardent response from Charlie. as he looked into her eyes in a way men have when they me:tn more than they say. This un usually gallant speech, coupled with the evident confusion her entrance occa sioned. caused Alice for a moment to lose her own self-possession, and, if the truth must be told, brought into her heart a sort of uncomfortable feeling that she would have indignantly repudi ated as jealousy, yet which was 'much more dangerously akin to that senti ment than any she had ever experienced heretofore. The lilies that Jack had sent her somehow did not appear to be as fragrantly lovely as the violets Elsa was wearing, and the empresse manner with which he greeted her a moment after wards affected her in a peculiarly un pleasant fashion. The quarter of an hour before dinner was not altogether a cheery interval. It never is. But on this occasion one member of the quar tette was undoubtedly distrait, and 811 Jack's whispered compliments,which for merly made her heart beat high, were quite lost on Alice, who, while appear ing to enjoy the unusual festivity, was listening with strained ears to the low conversation indulged in by her husband and friend. Later, at dinner. Charlie's gaiety, his undoubted light-heartedness, his attention to Elsa, and his natural allusions to the "happy pair." met with no enthusiastic response from the pretty, white- robed fiancee. who toyed Idly with one course after another, and was so absolutely rude to Jack by the time the rare old Margot was served, that for the rest of the dinner he paid his at tention to it instead of to her, with the result that when coffee and cordials ap peared he was not altogether the debo nair lover whom she had thought it so lovely to exchange for the prosaic hus band. The latter, on the contrary, had never been so hrilliant without being hilarious. He jested, he paid courtly compliments to Elsa. he rattled over gay little anecdotes in a fetching fashion, Elsa. and Jack repayIng him by appreciative laughter and repartee, the while Alice sat glum and silent, a 'eri table little sad-eyed ghost at the ban quet. In fact, he was a model host. whose demeanor was in strong contrast to that of the guest who had been in vited to the engagement tinner with his wife, and Alice, little by little, moment by moment, realised the mistake her own false idea of life had led het'. into making'. and with pride battling with tears for the mast cry, she drank her chartreuse at one gulp. the staid butler gazing in amaze ment at an exhibition which heretofore had never been noted in conjunction with all the dining and wining that had gone on under this roof. Again in the drawing room Charlie proposed a little music, but Alice, who had heretofore always been most ready to oblige either by singing or with a gay little jingle on the banjo, now offered a headache as her excuse for not comply ing with her husband's request, and the party broke up at an unusually early hour. Jack unusually somnolent, while Charlie and Elsa were indulging in a orotracted farewell interview, which Alice inwardly declared to be in "horri bly bad form." Poor little woman, her no?.w engagement didn't seem quite so ro mantic to her as she dragged herself wea:rily to the violet-scented boudolr from which she had descended in joyful mood earlier in the evening. Hie-' maid, noticing the abstraction of he' mistress. was unusually solicitous, but received only the shortest and curtest replies from the white-robed girlish figure seated in despondent attitude before the long che val glass. "Go. Annette: I won't ned you any more to-night," she said, when at last she waos wrapped in the becomirng pink negligee that even unobser'ant. prosaic Charlie had declared "fetching." Perhaps it was because her husband had noticed it that she had told the maid, to wrap her In it, in preference to the violet one lying on the satin-draped bed. Perhaps she was thinking of him at that very mon:ment, as it was with a very guilty start that she replied " Come in" to the familiar rat-a-tat-tat that announced his coming to say "Good night." "Oh. Charlie, is that you?" she began nervously. "Of course it is--did you take me for a hurglar?-you .loruk as \\-hite as a i host." "I don't feel well." with a w-an little smile. "[ think the dinner w\as too hea:vy and the scent of the flowers too much. It wasn't a very gay dinner, was it?" she added pathetically. "Oh, didn't you find it so? I never en joyed one more. The novelty of it, you know, and then I never knew before what capital company Elsa can be---but I am forgetting. Knowing that to-night we were formally to renounce each other I ma:de up my mind that the dinner should not be the only thing to mark your engagement so I just ran down to a lawyer's and secured this little paper that I think will act as the very best se dative to your nerves." And with a careless_ air. which chilled poor Alice to the heart, he tossed into her lap a very legal looking document on which one word, as it appeare-d to her in blacker in than :ll the rest, stood forth in cold, uncompromising distinctness - " Di vorce." "Oh, Charlie--what is it?" " Our separation plaper--our decree of divorce," smiled her spouse grimly as he wandered about as though absorbed in the furnishings of the room. "Pretty picture, that, very Frenchy. "Where did you get it?" " Divorce," gasped Alice. "Divorce, yes-why, wasn't that what you wanted? You know you can't marry Jack without it unless I am dead and as much as I would like to oblige you can't promise to commit suicide-it is against my religious principles, and besides. I may wish to enter into some new arrangement myself." "You don't mean to marry," gaspe'd poor Alice, who now for the first time realised that to give up Charlie would be very much harder than she had an ticipated. "\Vell, why not?" smiled her husband; "you know that old saying, 'Sauce for the goose. etc.' " "But don't you care for me any longer?" "Don't ask me, Alice. You know I amr a man of honor, and you are fnother's affianced wife. Do not teinpt me to for get that." "But I am not'." "But you are." "I am your wife; I don't want to be anyone else's. I have made a mistake and-oh, Charlie, don't love Elsa. I will try so hard to be as bright as she is. Try me again, won't you?" and the wistful voice broke as two pretty hands were held out pleadingly to him. "Alice, do you mean this-it is very conventional, you know," said Charlie in a voice he tried hard to keep serious. "With all my heart. Try me and you will see," sobbed Alice, and a moment after a very everyday sort of a woman was ensconsed on her husband's lap,. hap pler in that prosaic position than she had ever been In any fancied romantic situa tion of her butterfly existence. It was not until the wedding cr?cds of Jack and Else were out that Alice dis covered that divorces are not bought like bonbons. and that the paper, like Jack's inebriety. had all been a part of a scheme concocted by her husband and friends to bring her to her senses.-"Philadel phia Times." 