NEWS AND NOTES For refusing to have his child vac cinated in accordance with the Health Act, Carl Arnold was fined £1 at the Coburg court last Tuesday. . Next Friday afternoon at 3 o'clock, the North Suburban Canary Club will open its third annual show at the Bruns wick Town Hall, and will remain oi.en till 10 p.m. The Carlton Try Excelsior Class gave a most successful concert and gymnastic entertainment at Bates' Hall last night, in aid of the Coburg Try Excelsior Class. A complete report will appear in our next issue, and also the result of the social hold in connec tion with the Warders Cycle Club, Several parents were proceeded agtinst at the Coburg Police court on Tuesday, before Messrs llallifax and Voice J. P. for neglecting to send their children to school the number of days required by the Education act, and nominal fines of 2/6 were imposed, while some were cautioned to see that their offspring attended more regularly. There is some talk in Coburg that the Prince of Wales Birthday will be celebrated by a grand fancy dress carnival and sports meeting, which will conclude athletic and cycling events. If such is the case, the Coburg Cycling Club should make a faster progress with their track as the affair is bound to be largely patronised At the Brunswick police court on Thursday morning, before Mr. Chas Crook, J.P., a youth named Edward Dyer, aged 15, who was arrested by Constable Scholes the night before, on a warrant issued at the instigation of his mother, charging him with with having no lawful visible means of support, was remanded till next Wednesday. There is every prospect of an extra ordinary supply of dust next summer on Sydney Road, Brunswick. The Council as will be noticed, have spread some six inches of coal-ashes and brick dust over the new metal along the tram track for a mile or so. The effect of the sun on this blinding will most certainly cause no end of annoyance when we enjoy the hot North winds. Drapers and Butchers had better try and arrange for a coat of salt glaze otherwise their stocks will be well peppered in time. The Coburg council has recently granted many applications to property owners to discharge firearm's, and it is remarkable to observe how quickly some have taken advantage of the privilebe in destroying quantities of tresp: ssiug goats. We would remind persons who indulge in this sport. that they must des troy these animals and not leave them partly maimed and in agony as illus trated close to the Sydney-road a few days ago. The Salvation Army of Brunswick are stirring things up in our midst. Last Thursday, Comijmandant Booth visited .the;locaLbatracks, accompanied by his staff efficeii and headquaters band, and gave his thrilling lecture entitled "The Brewers Ghost." The Hall was crowded and many had to be turned away disap pointed. On Tuesday next a monster tea and public meeting in aid of Rescue work will be held, when m my novelties will to introduced ;Mr. F. T. Hickford Esq., will preside, and special officers will be present to explain the workings of the social operations of the Army. The four youths Austin Brown, Daniel Brown, Walter Earl, and Albert John Carr, who were committed to take their trial for an alleged assault and robbery said to have been committed upon the girl Mabel Fitzgerald at Brunswick, on Saturday night the 11th of May, made their appearance before Judge Gaunt, on Monday morning, at the Criminal Court. The hearing of the charge has been postponed till the 1st of July. Mr. Walsh Q. C., appeared for the prosecution, while Mr. Eagleson and Marshall Lyle are defending the accused. The youths were admitted to bail on two sureties of £25 which were immediately forthcoming. During the past few months we have repeatedly issued rep ,rts showing whe're numerious improvements are being affected in the building trade, and also pointing out where valuable blocks of propert y have changed hands at a most satisfactory prices, also where extensive andl handsome properties have been built. During the past week we are enabled to show that the value of rateable properity in Brunswick is fisxed at a maximum of £92,550, andl that it possesses dwellings to the number of 5,423, out of which number there are at present unoccupied 317. In Coburg the valuation of ratable property is put down as £36 888, and the dwellings to the number of 1,5001 out of whichl there are at present unoccupied about 60. In his April issue of Day and Night Dr. Baronardo has the same story to tell that so many public charities have lately been telling, namely, that receipts lhaves been seriously diminished. and that there is urgent need of immediate help to maintain the elliciency of the Institutions. Through the pages of the magazine there run tales of child destitution, neglect, and pitiable usage, which show that the Homes have still an exhausted mandate, and that a great tansk yet lies to tlheir hands to be done. Their records, as set forth in " Personal Notcs," are full of interest in their narratives of ihow the rescued Watfs and Stras are suppi?rtedl. The illus trations are from photographs. The other contenrts include " Wandering Joe," ' Somebody's Bairns," " The Editor at the Bar" (a trenchant rejoin doer to suntry criticismis), " i lie opening of the Gates " (an acciunt of the first party of 160 emigrants from the Hlomes for the year), &c.;, &c.; We observe that Waif Saturday Street Collection is fixed for 25th June next. Nearly 5,000 Girls and Boys are in the Homes, whose headquarters are ,at 18 to 26 Stephney Causeway, London, E., and Dr. Barnardo earnestly asks for funds to support this large family. 