(CHAPTER II. - (Continued.) At the entrance to the cave he saw Hobgoblin, who was coming back to have another look at Soft Eyes. Our rescued goblin stood quite still, and waited for Hobgoblin to see him. Hobgoblin came jauntily along, grinning as he came; but when he came face to face with the Scarlet Goblin he started, flung up his arms, and, with a terrified shriek, turned and fled. "Ah," said the Scarlet Goblin, "that will keep you out of the way. Well, being a ghost has its uses, after all." The Scarlet Goblin, or Scarletto, as he called himself - the very name of Hobgoblin being hateful to him - had no difficulty in finding Soft Eyes's parents. Indeed, they were hunting everywhere for her, in the greatest distress. When they heard the news, Mr. Wallaroo rushed off to consult an Old Man Kangaroo who lived near by. He belonged to a different tribe,, and was very strong, cunning, and fierce when aroused. He was reported to have nearly killed a man, and to have quite killed several dogs, and was held in no little esteem by all the other animals. Yet he was amiable enough on ordinary occasions, and did not in the least mind being roused from his sleep by Mr. Wallaroo. "Ho, there!” he called, when he had heard the whole story. "Come you opossums, I want you." And he entered the caves with a long following of opossums after him, as well as the whole family of wallaroos. When they arrived at the spot Old Man Kanga- roo hung his tail over the ledge, with the first opossum hanging on his tail, the second opossum hanging on to the tail of the first, and so on until they had a chain that reached Soft Eyes. She caught hold of the tall of the last opossum. "Right?" called Old Man Kangaroo. "Right!" they echoed, and he began to hop slow- ly forward, and up they came. Soft Eyes hung on, and climbed, and pushed with her hinder claws at the wall of rock, until at last she too appeared over the ledge. What a hugging then ensued! Scarletto undertook to guide them out of the caves, but he took a wrong turning, and they came down with a rush and run into the Elder Cave. And here they met with a slight adventure, for the Red Rovers espied them, and came tearing to- wards them. "I say, isn't there any way we can go, and not meet them?" asked Old Man Kangaroo, and Scar- letto could not help thinking, considering his fighting reputation, that it was a strange question for him to ask. "No," answered Scarletto, drawing himself up. "Let us meet them," and Soft Eyes caught then a glimpse of the goblin he had been - a far braver and finer fellow than ever Hobgoblin could or would be. "Why are you afraid?" he asked presently, for Old Man Kangaroo was turning his head right and left, as if looking for some means of escape. “No," answered the other carelessly. "But what's the use of fighting when you can run. There's no run here, so let's fight.” He set his back up against a rock and waited. Scarletto stood on one side of him, and the wal- laroos ranged themselves about them, while the opossums, and Soft-eyes hid them from sight. The "Red Rovers" came rushing up, hundreds of them, spitting and clawing the air, but when their eyes fell on Scarletto they wavered, and then retreated in a frantic undignified scramble. Scarletto looked after them. "My goblins," he said sorrowfully, "would never have run like that, ghost or no ghost! No, I could never be Hobgoblin to such as those. How they have de- generated under his rule! Well, he may keep them for ever, and remain Hobgoblin to the end. My day is done - the glory of the goblins is de- parted!" He walked dejectedly beside them, and spoke no more until, out once more in the daylight, they were passing under the Grand Arch. "I shall stay here," he said, "I hate the dark- ness now. I shall live in the Nettle and Arch Caves, and can go into the darkness when men come, and live in the light when the sun shines. I am old and worn, and shall end my days here. I may see you sometimes. Farewell.” He was gone. 