[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] Nelly Preston ; or the LAWYER'S CONSPIRACY. By the author of— " Effie Seaton ;" " Jessie Melville ;" " Lucy, the Factory Girl ;" & " Eustace, the Outcast." CHAPTER XXI.—(Continued.) He gave her another peculiar glance, and a blush of shame glowed for a moment on his face. " I believe you are right, wife," he said ; " but I suppose it is all up now with Chipps and Lady Cayton. The girl would go right off and tell the whole batch of secrets. The lawyer, I expect is in prison, and I will be taken there as soon as I can be moved. It is very kind of you, Mary," he added, bitterly, " very kind of you to preserve me from the gallows." " Hush James, do not speak so," she an- swered. " Nelly is in, this house—she has never left it, and has told nothing except to us." " Ha, you are—you must be deceiving me. The girl would take the first opportunity to be off to Leeds." " Indeed, James, I am not deceiving you," said his wife, earnestly. " What I say is true—every word ; and you know I never told a lie." " No," returned Walsh, slowly ; " but if the girl be here, I must see her. I shall then be satisfied. " I will bring her," said Margaret, rising and leaving the room. In a few minutes she returned, accom- panied by Nelly, who went forward to his bedside, and said she was glad to know he was somewhat better. " You have not been to Leeds ?" he said. " I have not," she replied. " No one there, no one out of this house, knows what I have learned, and I promise not to do or say anything in the matter at present." This assurance seemed to satisfy Walsh, for he turned his head to the other side of the bed, and immediately sank into a deep sleep. For many days after this he lay in a state of great prostration, quite conscious, but very weak—helpless almost as a child. Patiently and unweariedly his wife tended him all the while, doing her utmost to pro- mote his comfort and restore his strength. He received her attentions in silence, but often evinced a restless uneasiness, as if en- during mental suffering ; and this he was silently experiencing to a great extent. Laid upon that bed of sickness, and unable io chase away reflection from his mind his wasted life presented itself before him in all its hideous deformity. First of all, he thought how little he deserved such kindness at the hands of his wife. Justly might she have left him to himself in his agony and helplessness, for he was aware how utterly he had crushed out of her bosom the love she had once borne him, and how completely he had placed himself beyond the pale of her sympathy. Yet here she was a close atten- dant by his sick bed, watching him with the most tender solicitude, smoothing his pillow so gently, anticipating his wants, and sup- plying them ere they were uttered. All this cut him to the heart. It was heaping coals of fire on his head, and no more effectual means could have been taken to bring him to a sense of his guilt and culpa- bility. What is there on earth more terrible to en- dure than the pangs of remorse ! Oh, it is a dreadful realisation when the soul, deep stained with sin and crime, becomes conscious of its guilt, and sees that guilt is the light of moral truth. Then there is nothing but a fearful looking for of judgment and fiery in- dignation. But this is not all—this is not the worst ; the judgment of indignation could be borne, because in enduring it there is something like the satisfying sense of making atonement ; but joined to this there is an aching void of regret and self-reproach, which fills the soul with sorrow too heavy to sustain. Walsh felt this in all its horror, thought of the time when first he folded his youthful, blooming Mary to his heart, and whispered to her words of love. What suffering had he brought upon her, and how different it might have been ! But now—now he was the worst of criminals ruined for time and ruined for eternity. For, days these awful, thoughts tortured him and he endured them in silence. But at last they grew too agonising to be restrained, and in very desperation he gave expression to them. It was a calm bright evening in April, and Mary sat by his bedside alone. She thought he was sleeping, and had drawn forth a Bible to refresh her pious spirit at the foundation of Divine blessing. Chancing to look up she saw a strange and unexpected sight. Her husband was not sleeping, as she had sup- posed—he lay gazing intently upon her, and an unshed teardrop stood in either eye. So struck was she that she could only sit and look at him. " Mary" said he, " how is it that you and Meg have been so kind to me in my illness, though I have used you both so ill, and you know that I committed the worst of crimes ?" " Because we bear no malice, James," an- swered his wife. " This book I hold in my hand teaches us to do as we have done, and our blessed Saviour set us the glorious ex- ample. Your conduct has grieved us—deeply grieved us—but our feelings are more those of sorrow than of anger. We bitterly lamen- ted your wickedness, but most of all for your own sake." " And yet, Mary," groaned Walsh, in a tone of gentleness he had not used to her for many years, " you have cause to hate me as badly as woman ever hated man. Don't you remember when I wooed and won you in the woods of Clayton, how I vowed to love and cherish you through life ? It was then that, believing my fair promises, you confidently laid your head upon my shoulder and gave your maiden heart into my keeping. Do you remember that, Mary ?" " Yes, James, I remember well," sobbed the wife, through fast rising tears. " Many years have passed since then ; but what have they brought to you ? Misery, wretchedness, and woe. Here I lie this evening, all that is vile, and with the damn- ing weight of human blood upon my soul ; and there you sit, a wronged and betrayed wife, robbed of joy and peace, and all that makes life comfortable. I have thought of this as I never thought of it before. Not till I lay in my helplessness, and saw you watch- ing devotedly over me, did I see my conduct in its horrid baseness. Would to heaven it were a dream—would that I could live my life over again. But the wish is in vain. I am lost, accursed, and self-damned." " Hush, James ; do not talk thus," said Mrs. Walsh, with a shudder. " This blessed book tells us there is hope for us all. Sinners far more wicked than you have been par- doned, and——" " That is not, cannot be true," interrupted Walsh, hastily. " A more wicked man than me never lived. No repentance can save me. One deed I have done which shuts the door of hope against me. I am a murderer." Mrs. Walsh was silent. She was sure he was alluding to the supposed death of Albert Clayton, and did not dare to undeceive him —at least before she had take, counsel of others. " I can make no atonement for my deeds," continued the remorseful man ; but at least for the murder I can die. If I recover from the illness, it will only be to give myself up to justice, confess the crime, and suffer for it." Has wife rose in great agitation, and with a bursting heart proceeded towards the door. " Don't leave me, Mary," pleaded Walsh. " I will return immediately," she an- swered, and vanished as she spoke. She was gone for some little time, when she again entered the room and taking a seat by the bed, laid her hand on the sick man's arm. " James," she said in a solemn, impressive tone, " you were indeed guilty of an awful crime on that fearful night on Waterloo Lake. So far as your intention and belief went, you there foully murdered Albert Clayton." " I did ;—I did," groaned Walsh, hiding his face with one hand. " But," continued his wife, " I have strange news to tell you. A merciful Pro- vidence interposed to prevent the deed being actually committed." He suddenly took away his hand and re- garded her with a look of amazing inquiry. " Yes, it is as I say. A youthful pair, walking that night near the spot heard the youth's cries. They had taken shelter be- hind a tree, and you passed close by them, though you did not see them. They, how- ever, saw and recognised you. When you had disappeared on the road, they ran with all speed to the edge of the lake and saw the young man rise to the surface. At great risk the youth made his way to where he was floating and rescued him." " Mary, you are mocking me," cried Walsh, starting up and grasping her wildly by the arm. " No, James ; what I state is a solemn truth. Albert Clayton is not dead. He is at this moment alive and well, and his rescuers were Margaret and William Sime, her lover." " Alive—Albert Clayton alive !" he re- peated, with quivering lips, whilst his bosom heaved to bursting. " It is false—it is a de- lusion ! I will not believe it." " Will you believe the evidence of your own eyes, then ?" cried a cheerful voice, and at the same moment Albert Clayton entered the room, dressed exactly as he had been when, accompanied by Walsh, he went to the Park. Walsh stared at him in bewildered and horrified astonishment. " Come, feel me," said Albert, as, with a smile on his frank, handsome face, he ap- proached the bed ; " feel me, and convince yourself that I am not a ghost, but real flesh and blood. I didn't mean to let any of you know—at least at present—that I am still in the land of the living ; but as Mrs. Walsh tells me you are full of repentance and re- morse on account of my supposed death, thought I would ease your mind a bit by let- ting you know the truth. I don't think you will make a bad use of the knowledge." " Thank God your blood does not lie on my soul," gasped Walsh, with a long sigh of re- lief. " I feel some hope now. I may aban- don my wicked life and reform." " That's right," returned Albert. " It's not the thing for a fellow like you, who was once an honest, righthearted man, to give yourself up to villainous courses. You have better stuff in you, and I am sure of it. You have the making of a noble fellow, if you will only shake off the connection with Chipps, Bob Preston, and Lady Clayton, who are bad to the core, everyone of them. Now, what say you ? Will you henceforth stick to truth, and do the right thing, and we'll stand by you, and ere long you will recover your self-respect, and be happy yet with your angel of a wife ?" " God bless you, sir !" exclaimed Walsh, after a violent struggle with his emotion. " Heaven help me, I will do as you say. Mary, will you—can you forgive me ?" " Gladly, James—joyfully." 