BISHOP OP' GE1ULDT0N, CONSECRATION CEREMONY. Adelaide, August 14. The Rev. Father Kelly was conse crated Bishop of Geraldton at St. Fran cis Xavier's Cathedral this morning. Among tho many ceremonies of tho Roman Catholic Church few excel the consecration of a prelate for pomp and circumstance, as well as for tho com pleteness of detail. Tho elevation of Father Kelly to episcopal rank was at tended with all the impressivoness and solemnity wliich prooorly belong to such important occasions. Tho altar was resplendent with floral decorations and candelabra. Tho beautifullywork ed vestments of the assistant bishops, tho splendid robes of tho attendant priests, tho delicious strains of Gou nod's 'Moi.,3 Solennolle,' and the soft light wliich canio tlirough tho chancel windows aided in accentuating tho in Bpiring character of the ceremony. The ceremony waa witnessed by a largG congregation, though tho cathedral was by no means crowded. Tho Bisjhop elect had been making his retreat at rHen Osmond, wailo both ho and tho .'onsecrating Bishop, Dr. Corbett, of ?Sale, Victoria, fasted on the pre vious day. Tho coremony began ivith tho entry of the consecrating bis hop and attendants and the Bishop jlect, tho procession moving towards tho altar to tho grand strainB of Gou nod's 'Marcho Pontificalo.' Tho con secrating bishop, tho Bishop-elect and tho assistant bishops wero then arrayed in thoir vestments. The con accrating prelate seated himself before tho centre of tho altar, and tho Bishop elect and the assistant-bishops having saluted him, tho senior assistantbis hop informed tho consecrating bishop that 'Tho Holy Church demands that the priest present bo raised to tho epis copate.' The apostolic briefs were read before tho wholo congregation, thej Bishop-olect reading tho oath given in tho ritual. TIig examination of the Bishop-elect was then conducted by tho consecrating bishop, after which the mass of tho day was begun, and con tinued as far as the Epistlo. The BU hop-elect was again conducted by the bishops beforo tho consecrating prelate, who said, 'It is tho Archbishop's office to judge, to interpret Scripture, to con secrate, to ordain, to offer sacrifice, to baptise, and to confirm,' Then all knelt while tho litany of the saints was chanted. Tho Bishop-eloct lay pros trate at tho left of the consecrating prelate, as a sign of humility. After the* litany and tho prayers appointed, all . turned towards tho altar, and tho 'Veni, Creator' was intoned. Tho consecrating bishop an ointed the head of tho kneeling Bishop elect, forming the sign of tho crous on tho crown. He then anointed the re mainder of tho crown of the head, say ing, 'Bo thy head anointed and conse crated m the order of high priest by the heavenly benediction in the name of the Father, the Son, nnd the Holy Ghost.' Next his hands wero anointed, and bound in white linen by the con&ecrating; prelate, who blessed tho erozior, and Kavo it to tho Bishop-elect. Ho then road tho offortory at the altar. Follow ing this solemn oflico the Bishop-elect presented him with two lighted torches, two loaves, and two barrels of wine, and continued mass with tho consecrating prelato at tho same altar, partaking of the same host and chalice at tho com munion. Towards the conclusion of tho holy sacrifice the mitre was blessed and placed °n- tho head of tho Bishop-elect, who was conducted by the assistant bishops through the church, and im parted a blessing to the people. Ho re turned to tho altar and gave a solemn pontifical blessing at the end of tho mass. Tho whole ceremony, which last ed threo hours, was concluded by a pro cession from the altar, tho choir singing a 'Laudate.' No sermon was preached. Tho Archbishop, who was enthroned in tho sanctuary, and who wore tho cappa magna, presided. Tho following wero those who took part in addition to the consecrating pre late: — Dr. Maher, Port Augusta, and Dr. Dunno, Wilcannia, assistantbish ops; the Rov. J. H, Morton, V.G., and Father M'Killop ; chaplains ', Arch Priest Novin, assistant priest ; the Very Rov. P. Hurley, deacon ; Father M'Evoy, sub-deacon ; Father Cosgrove, master of tho ceremonies; Father Cornos, assist ant master of the ceremonies ; and tho Very Revs. Father Vincent and Father Carroll, assistants at the throne. Tho musical portion of tho ceremony was rendered by a powerful choir, under tho direction of Mr. W. Gordon. Gounod's 'Messo Solennello' was sung in its en tirety, in addition to Hollier's 'Kyrie,' an offertorium 'Ecce Panis,' set to nn old Portuguese melody by Dr. Crookall, full Gregorian responses, and tho 'To Deum Laudamus.' The &0I03 were ren dered by Mrs. Koogh, Misses Morrissey and Carigg, and Messrs Bemiingham, M'Creanor, Walmsloy, and Foulke. Miss Nellie O'Sullivan presided at tho organ. In tlie evening, at tho CathedAl, Dr. Kelly officiated at pontifical vespers and benediction. Thero waa a large congregation. Tho Rev. Father Vin cent, Superior of tho Passionists, de livered a eulogium of tho new Bishop, who, ho said, wns tho second native-born Australian to be consecrated during the last year or two. Tho present Arch bishop had given Bishop Kelly his first episcopal lesson. Those whom Bishop Kelly had left in Western Australia would rejoico at his elevation to tho episcopato, as he was respected thero for his hMimindedness, and was a zealous and loving friend of his ilock. Father Vincent naentioi^ed that the cross which was placed on Bishop Kelly's breast that morning was mado of Western Australian gold, which hadbf.cn collected by thoso among whom ho ministered. Dr. Kelly will givo his first communion to about '.100 children, and will receive the novices of the Order of St. Joseph. Ho will visit Mel bourne and Sydney, and will return to Western Australia in about a month's ume. Durinp tho week Bhhop Kelly was the recipient of congratulatory addresses from various Roman Catholic bodies. 