otobong;t & aotuoilg Sentincl. FRIDA Y. JANUTARY 28, 1898. Tn'z. following 'letter appears in last week's " Herald ": "SIR.-We, the ltndorigned, most res pectfully tiak lle Miisler of OCstoms, through the ,uteliumf ithe Herald, if the cliose seas. , for all Murray fish is to be olltinued. If so, we will be grateful to klnow what houltli is 'to be derived'tfromu sinlo (if llly)? Niw, we can assure you, sir, that after onlylY tne close saeasl we aru worse offithin ever fursupply. Owing Itn the opUnlitg jeansih bhulng in the imid smimmer months, when. the woeutler Is so hlit' ttit the his'll(especjtly the Adulaile, nd lthat is the benst=we gut) , will 'unt stwntLc the jolurley. lnd o11 our supllply ti cut tsirt,; and guod. food fo.r the people put quite out of reacl.' Anotlherthinkl wowulud ask is, whltitlLuuilt is ir tut clse 'lhe seas.n in ' one .side of thel.aMurrdy wvhen the oppluoite aide oil oatch all that we are unable to d, 'and ;sei d thie fish to thle Adelaide nlmarket, where oil olisoe senason, exists.-We are, nIs follows:--G ELLIO'T, Tioirnk raid r DO RRaNsa'lld 0Co., Tourank rand; L POLLOCK, Flisdelreimet rt; ,1. W. HU?lrarrovo, Flinlders street; E. M. PHILL-tra. Flildul's street." Since there has only, so far, leens otie close season, and that was preceded by more than a quarter of a century of unlimited destruction 'of .fetnale' fish dlringpthle spawning. months, it' is not reasonable to oxpenotourdepleted rivers to he replenished with fish in one year. If the fish are senfcer now than ever, it is because they {were, not protected earlier. So with our forests. Tile valnhlle red gam is diasppeariig just when the wood hlockasfor street'paving are being introduced in the chief cities of the world. So with'otir reserves of wattle hark, although hides are one of our natural resources, and the manu facture of Victorian boots-2now at.t low ebb-is to get its greatest' impulsa within tihe next decade" under thes Federal hond. -Andtlc inre o to the point- the AMurra'y fisherman:'rld the stripper of hark are poor, all the time. Whvl Thin is 'no idle question-it covers a hitter truth. Complainints say in effect that they want the winter fishing in the Alurrav (i.e., duringcloke snesotn) Ilecaulse, they •cannoti' get the fish fresh to hMelhinolrinoin the summer from Swan Hill; Echuocae,,and. other Muturray towns. .?Why. noti Because they ,have not erraneed with Mr iMATHIESON( f?ri a old truck twice a week front thbnoe townss.'' Sea' fisliarn'sernt every anunnpier's day from Port Allert' to thepcity. Wity ,not also, fish from the Muirrayl VIe notice, too, that the daily papers complain that although Honhson's Bay teemi with good fish and facilities for transport are unlimited, the people cannot get entiugh or'whit' they do get cheap enoughli This deli= cate and, whollesoqp.p fond is, in soime mysterions wayv withheld from'them., It.is hinted thatpthe quantity put upion the market every- day 'is discreetly limited. However that "may he, the fact remains that in the midst of plenty the people wi?nt. If, thent, these Tooriak and Flinders 'strPet genrtlemen krn anxious that " good food for the people" shall he "put within their reach," let them turn their reforming zeal upon the more instant anonlaly at their own doors. Tile close season for Murray. c;dl- extentinug frmon.lst July to 15th October-is already"'too. shoit; ht it melln the restocking of oour depleted. riveis north of the Divide,and wehlope thattile wise anti falr-seeingc regulation of the" ionil. the Mlinister' for Customs Wvill be'preserved intact. Te whispierings of th,Ise who knew ere daily becoming louder lthat the Turner Ministry must en. WVly or wherefore, no ties has gone 'so far as to nmake any definite stateiriedit;' bt thle r;hlor ciimitiuaes tob grow like the tiny waves' of the ienshure, babbling and gleamilng int the' sullight. which, when recedini' into the'vsaet lean. gradually o~uthiue . t?rether, until their size and prower:iis i, g'eat as to esetitundly swanmlithe bhts tihat 'wero, thouuhtuu strong s'nd seamwuarlhyf..,T0h ok .;at it in. this.ltahif ltt is nit all unllkelyth thhat "re will bh semo ehminge in iha OG.iie'G?r?'? hefolre lon.t" There: was geueral sinta fe-e tii, at Ithe roturn f: th e Turner Mil?istry at thqn -l;;= elhetionu hut: n;; ,.;;;'udr hsd the.ntelnhers settled down to work's' sin' tafter tlth exeiteitlt.it i'f itheir're.elbctin thaint lie wlhisprs of di?ssatisfactioi llbegai to, make thelnselves heard, gaining in f,;rce ditily. "It ai lrobbnhly due to the buy#anit ,oiltlre olf the ;Australiant charao ter. Lighl-heartedl. a'.d sanguine, the peulple chafe at the continued repression of the present Ministry, slthough.,aso.' ............ -..'i. ''a'• .'+ -,+ kndwledging that (Bey hive .hioue , gotd work; yet the people of Victoria are s, thoroughly tired ..t the steady-goiung r?. trenchnment of tile past few years 'hat they are inclined to cry out, " Let louse the purse-string.; burrow what nlaley tau can, and give'us a little relief fromi thills eternal worry about squarilg the public I; ledger." r; Taking this view of the question, it is s probable that thert is solme foutndation fori the ruors that - are flying - around. e have, lieno doubt, had sis very tryiing years. Nut only have the people had to a struggle againsts flnanial difficulties of all kinds, but ~thias "'quiriiig the public ledger " has been tile .must harasesiugou ill. The necessity of retrunchilnet itl thel Government expenditure has lopped iff Sanoy of the tsources of private pritfit that were formerly available. Publia wtankb have been practically stopped, municipal and other gratlls reduced, aild civil sur vants retired, whliclh iean tie rempnly amuat which was formerly obtained at ash. Goverllnment expense has ceased, aid m: large iumlbera have had, to seek a"livine it other ways. The piupleu huve struggleil agaitnst all these misurfortunes mafully, but they are naturally tired out it, and thitk it is about ltie that runme littlt rulalatiuu should be given to the preseltt system of governmetl. While adittiilig that all that hias been dllne has been doie for the best interests of the cauluy, the general feeling of the' .Victiorial public is tha;tthey do iot waiitt ~tiduo:itt uneduch for posterity. They feel that they are note doiug well themnselves atcd: have tot carry many burdeus of previous generetlious tn, their sehulders, so that if they allfLt atly respulaibility of paying off, burrowed i capital to tIhe future, they will intt be duiug aiiythling worse that liea beatl d li isL the pait." All this may be eltremely utipatriutic, but it is humantlu iture, slid people cuitfurt tilemiselves with the re iectioli that perhaps future geleraliouu will be minure prspueruu andl better able t to meet the deinudii' that eteay be Ulade a upo tilieti ..This ia about the anearest c gauge of public feeling that we clln arrive at, but that these upinious are very widely spread is strongly uvidetced by the strelngth of the rimnurs that are flying round. ,But why the Tuirlier Mlinistryais ti go Ilistanrtlher question. There linly h have be.ln uItIy Ministries thiit have beau muiire brilliant-itn fact this Mlinistry cacu take'ino credit` for hrilliatiiy- lut for sound busiuluestlike ability we have lever had a Minisitry thateai citm canpare with the presellt one, adtil-the fact that they are still endeavoerilng to pull tlue etuitr) out id her fiUaioial troubleb is atruig proof that they are anlimated by the - saute steadinless of lurpose aa they were three yepars ago.,,Sir. Oaotto ' TIURNec, wheat a e accepted lltee a. Premier, choue a.eh t inel to act wih hi ast ill e lihought best twould aid ihiln in carrying out, his pro gramuie, and the fontl thi?t Ihose ineisl tilll raataiU inll fie.? hvtive that they hiav ailed hitl tu the best of their ability.; Each :deptartelental Mlinister has been' assaliled fromi time:tit titllu for asils iof olmllission land : muiniiiissit)l and for Ilotl speliding ,nloney here and ihere, but they` have all steadily:noted up to the precept-s instilled into themi by their chief., lhhbugh their pertiinitpl'lipilioua s lluay have bIu Sfar ainres in the dirlectiot of granting celoeaussioins which would have reldered I thete persunally more pipulae anld made tlheir plsitions miluih easier ftr Iheln.i Fr tile pltst three years the dilt rent' memtbers of the Ministry have had to be, etltstantly refusing appliceatins fur ner-a tainhi ceuicssitis which iU. fa.irtner_ limes were granted arl a teraa t of noise an:l awhith theytneghlt hive ceideraed woul beuof advantage to the tiutitry, but still the refusal lhad to be male. Take the HIIo. I. A. I'sAACS, our mean ber, as Attorney-Geterail, as a ca.e ini pdti?t i w ties c.... ll..ra tire r.it husialtie is. declsaring tlhat there has bted l-llo iprelious Atturniey- Geineral _siae the days oflHzIiNOTHAnw?lA whihj e Ble s? o e?,uful inrflttikitg'-af er tie rinntugelnaur; if ile* datpartmeLn t.' He is ereditetd whih eEg·l~nil itux irtt all tntitter itf diletil which ite other Minister hasi trtoubled his -lheaun aboutu, aid -it, isl in cotuseqtew of this exli'nditureift energy iltia ahttny reforims have been made in the adiniuistratiln of hi?sdepatritnent thiat were lnever hefore dreamt of. r'ite saie mal:ly be said of iMr Foaresa, whvl?e is abuit the only " livOe" lMinister of Alines wills hils ever held ofllica its Viutatiri. This tgoes to show thlt;ieacish detilrtsmeitmntl inilter is irn heod with the saitle idea ts the Premier, thuatu .f cttnductiig the ,bainetas ?f the eta.try ltn strictly antsercial, principlea, and., if there is any, geierailly expressed desire theit :we'. should 'gaingel c mull ei. btrrowilng, it would be much hbetter to nirestahtit, epndeitue of cthe moniey to a body of a':ln .who have proved thearm selves to be suulnd on -finaniet, thtln to turn them tun of office and give their its iion tititotliaer wht Ifaev nut hadTlie ,flBial experience.it;f thebpnst few )ears' stringent pcimiunmy . We have all had to eontin ftow to take mttrecarseitt iur snstey. situhdtf prosperity wereetoaiicgassi etime upott us- we-would tdprithhly not forget the 'less?i.a tuht by i r tun? iileof depres atlet. e The ciiatlyy ahiuld wait -a little I Icigter eftre it launches out ?cn the stormy waves of publt; debt, :but if lhe ipetiple?ill dt usiit t wosuldbeld fr -thaitte or iti give :tlhe evinrk' II careful' 6andciers ;ch as tihe T?rlier Gt v er.nt;"e.t have titied iheteselves to he. -- - The Towong Shire Council will meet ,on. Tuesday, -when, nmongst rother business the appoiitmentet of iasecre tary'~ill .be lm mado;e Already a lirge number of applications have :been re ceived for the office, the salary attach-. ing to which is £130 per annum: Mr Best, the Minister, of Linda, is [giving careful consideration to the position of 32nd section lessees, in view r of the demn.nd that the residence and | improvements accumulated under the i tenure should count in qualifying for freehold rights. The Ministerconsiders that his action in refusing to waive the law in this matter has been unfairly represented. Holders of grazing leases have been satisfied to continue under the tenure at from 2d to 4d per acre a year instead of the Is per acre required by the 42nd section license, and when it suits them to change their tenure the law does not give credit in one contract for something which took place runder another. Mr Best does not at present express lis views as to f the equity of allowing such credit; but t he does point out that the residence is a not required by, and the improvemnents I claimed on, are actually in violation of the terinns of the 32nd section leases, the, holders, of Which ,have exercised, illegally, the privileges of a 42nd section license while enjoying the much easier terms of a grazing lease.. If, however, as a matter of policy, the contract ought, to 'be varied so'as to enabile farmers' to m6rtgge thliir iro. perty, which is the professedireason for the demand, it must lie done openly by Parliament; and Mr Bst will not take on' himself tihe reaponsi bility of setting aside what Parliament has already enacted, though a~preyvous Minister may have done so. Mr Best will deal "with thlis ditficulty inl his Amending land Bill next session. IIn the meantime all ;32nd section leases which expire at the end of this year will lie deemed to.he extenided for another year, a4' Mr Best; considers that it.would be rather strict with the lessees to ternminate ttheir rights 'inme diatelyoon thl expiration oufthe leases without haviisg provided for the future of the holdings and the holders. Mr J. C. Watson, M.P., at Temora: "The greetly - indreased 'area dlider crop this year, and the prospective increase next year, was. largely dle.to the operations of the land tax.' rThere was no getting away from the fact that the present was the firstyeiaFin the history of the colony,that it could feed the people with its own wlheat. Lahor was better employed in the country.districts. thani ,for.years past, Iud " thet icdroity of hanids in some instances was delaying the harvest. Mr Lyne would find the people deter. mied' to maintain laund value taxa. tion." aContrary to general expeotations, I there will he a large number of caindi. dates for the three vacant seats in the Allury Borough Council, MesasrsJ. O. Chenery, Jacob Brann, W. H. AshNllhy S. J. Ringwool, Amos Crisp,. F. W. Hayes, C. Selhmiedt, anud- Dr Woods having been nominated. Mr Chenery is the only; retiri?g P alhderman ,who-i Seeuking re-eletion, Messrs Iuirlgeaindl W. J. Jones having decided to take a rest from municipal life. If the lodg promised Local Government Bill gets through- thl Legislative Cotincil'shortly -the measure has alreamly been re jected once or twice isy the Legislative Council -it is considered probable that a clause will he inserted :ivingi muui. cipal bodies the opti)on of levying rates on the unimproved value of thelland insteadº of the present systeni lf which improvements are taxed in the initerst. snof theii" vacant allotilenit man." For this reason the vigilant denmocratic party ii .Al surv will -sup port the candidatunre of Messrs Ashhy and Brann for a certainty, and a third man will 'yet be selected.. Mr .Geo.r.Eurian, tlhe Wandering Minstrel,. cave san entertainment in' the shire hall; Wodonga, oni Tmesday, evening to a very fair hou?e, despite the clo-`riless of the atmosphere. Half the proceeds .will be h lncdhrl over. to the GOippslnd l Fires Relief 'Fund, which will thus benefit to the extent of -£1 15s ?*hy the entertainment. Mr Enrian had enlisted the aid of several local eamateIrsa, including Misses Guy (2), and Mearse J. H. S. Camph'ell, A. Dnyle, J. anmd R; Jean. ings T. W. Powell,'and Bert Allen, most of whom' renlered vocal or instrnmeintal selections in the first ,part and 'anstained -characters in=' "Old Joe's: Ghost" and "Irish Justies"= irn?:ither latter part ,of an tsusumahlly3- amnhing progranlmme. Considering the very few dsys allowed for thie rehearsal, the farce wans: re-. markahly well 'ataud:. Not only was the Judge (Mr Enrian)t tihe Crown Prosecutori (M?r' · inplhll), dsu thie Constable (Mr Dayle) well up in their respective chliaracters ash might be x pected' frini th'?e who have taken part in amateur performances, butthe aussrdinstm' parts- right down- to the Drisoners ([tasters Jamns C illinai and. Rod. Taylor) were\ lynost equally, Well sliitaiin'ed a `Th? minstrel himself ren dered a number.. f comic :songsanmd, gave a~~splena'iid rxrthlhitione of"alis powers 'as a ventritoq'ist,?.and.:.his comicalities., and _witticisms hrought down. the house. As. the1shire hall Wt iven-hyt thie prasideint fren :iof charge,-~ andu ~MMr.-?Geo. - L-iglstoni cenerously gavo the iratuiiatoims use of the piano,) tb)expensisse'were very small. armounting altogether to only 10a 6d. The:notorious:hisildiig in Hovell street kniowsn as "The: 101 '. has bnkn razed to the groiund, and; all;that?minw mnarks tihe isc?nei of so mnueh revelrv is a few. pilesof hricks and: timbelr, which: have been'stacked-ly Mr WT:T. Kir wan, th c'ontr~aetor who accomplished the demnolition of the strncture. The nextmove, will no doublht lie in tlhe directionf of simninmnilg the Ownerfor the expensie nciurred in .pulling dswn the dan??rois-ail ;disreputable I?uild W adoga;.Shire Cou niL on Wedes. Messrs Drage Bros., of EkIdale, whose, team of working bullocks was r recently siiznd at Btrnawarthl by I Customs officer Tyrell on the ground 3 that the animals had bIeen illegally iintroduced into Victoria, have been s fined £.50 by the Milister of Customs, who h as also ordered that the bullocks shall he returned into New South Wales. The bulk of the fine has been paid, and the Minister has agreed to a reduce the amount by £6. The un 1 fortunate men will lose about £44 a altogether adopting "intercolonial free trade." The two border fire brigades haye just held their annual socials. The Albury firemen ",dined, wined, and orated " on liridgiy evening, when the attendance, which included several visitors from .Wodonga, was large. The trophies won by the brigade at the recent competition were tastefully arranged and displayed on the tables, Captain Ryan presided. In the course of the evening a lengthy prograimme of toasts was proposed, and tihe oflicers of the brigade were complimented on the successful issue of the recent car= nivall-a result largnlyxattributable to tihe.exertions of tle .secretary and cap. tain. in paertinulnr. ", Captain Ryan presented O.-New .with. aý medal, for winning. the hydrant .race, the. only first prize obtined by. Albury. at the cairival. Last evening the members of the Wodonga Fire Brigade iassiemlled at, the new station to hold their annual boeial. The "Wodonga firemen hltd reciprocated the hospitality of their Albury v rethren.hly issuiing invitations tothemn, to take part in the 'gathering, and a,goodly numbler of the Alburyites graced the . tables. ..The speeches throiughout the . eviming `weren more federal intone, ift less Ibrillisiit, than three of iniany of the delegates at the' Fesdiral ?'onventiod, and tli-epreceid. ings were of a most enjoyihle character. .CtOptalu Taylor presided. Mr T.- Richiardson, :of Old Bi.rna. warthai, met with it painful accident on.oMorrday~ inioring. Iin leaning out a dam he came across a piece of hoop-iron embedded in l the mud, and when he was pulling this out the iron broke, and, slipping through his hand, sevelely lacerated every' one of the four fingers. Dr Sulliuk attended to the-sufferer, and;, the iiljuredt mern. I~tiis~hlviii?:all bieni sewn tiup by him, thie pltient is progressing as well its. could he iexpected, though it is pro. Iable lie nay lose the use of his little finger. So far this 'district has been more fortanate than other, p?rts in escaping anyt.hig' ian the' esh .po `of a c?aldiiiioua busltire such'as hlis davastated Oipps. landt; yet in two or three instannes there_hnv beenn outbreaks. In the neighborhood of Letneva - evernl laind halrlers'have lost a few acres of grass: The moste ierious" fire -which lis 'beiln? experiencedhereahbouts this season was discovered on Fridav afternoon in tihe Bethsno-a Park paddock between Be. thangt Rnoad l Huoii Lane. .U,.U like ninst "oiitl,i-iltk, the origin of the fire in this instance is tolerably certain. WhVen the train from Tallhngntta to Wodonga was" on its journey shortly before one o'clock everything was apparlntly all.right in the paddocks, and several .passenger a re °quite cer tain that at.tlhat time there wias no sign of abllazea visille, ,Less than an hour lifte'rwari? s thie fire had esnbhlished a strong foothold in the paddrocks, and for a time it lookedi as if grass, fencing, and eyerything else for miles would fall an easy prey, to t'he ?eii stating'ele. ment.i By the deferrminerd fighting of the imanager (Mlr . J. Nichlolls),' who received vislusisle a-ssistance from Mr J. H. M'Ksoy and a nuimber :of resi. detts in thie Insality, besides the station hiandsd the fl mies' ware gnt under. It was tthenifthought that everything was quite si:e, hiJt dring' t??thenight a breeze fanned the srnnul?erin?e emlliers into activity,; andassistanon had again to he simimnned. After afewv additional hours' hard - fighting, the"aR eni again proved victorious.:' Ahont 150 _acres of fine grass' Rnd :an unnocoupied brick house were onnsumntd liy the fire. The building, which' has: hben- a landmark t, travellers-on thb Wodonga Tallan. gatta road" for years, was? not con. sidered' valuable, ..the "old -structure. i, vingi fallan iiito disrepair. There is no doubht ivhatever the firewas started hby a spark from th'e locomotive. We have received fiýom the publisher, Mrr Chitrles Tuoker, , copy of the first complete road mn o.t Victoria that hlid been issuae This e;;map hads) leen very carefully compiled from the 27 sectional ,.parts ,published Iby the` Lsiids' DaRpirtient, and is therefore tloroughly, reliahle, i-ad `should prove particularly valuliuhue ' to cyclists, tourists, or other' travellers by road. It givesall the' mai roads, character of..country, railway stations, and 'all new iines up to ~Decemher.- The map measures 32 in liy 22 in;, nd, being the lat'est`tist?ed and .siold at a popular price should; h, lartely., used in offices whore a knpwledge of the geography of . the country is neceasary. '' - Mr S G. Man,n tiie popullnr hiewer of the -Albiur Browin and LMalting COnmpAiy, h~as loft for Newclstle, N.S..W., to ccept a responsible posi .. tion-in a local brewery. tHe was ten dered a farerwell i"smoke night"-on Saturday. evening, when liewas also presented withian llluiminated aiddress from the direotorstB mn?nager, and:em. ployee8fl.the qompany. " : -l MeriRalhert Bray ainnounces i in another eolumn-that: lie? is about to open aoiesh draper-Y d shoot and hwoe - store opposite thillWvodon iaPost Ofce, and that he will sel! .at prisc never. b'efure he;srd of in the district. -i - ..,Arinual meetiln-gof the .Wodonga Ati?nieiiim id:.Preei Libr~iry thi. (Fridaiy) eveniig;l :iboo.! Another destructive flre occurred in Albury at about 4 o'clock on Sunday morning, when the premises owned by Mr W. J. Jones, situated off Dean street, were almost completely gutted. The building was a two-storey structure, and was used for dances, band practice, etc., and was unoccupied. Mr Jones (says the "Post") incl. a large quantity of moulding boards (about 2000ft) stored in the room below, which was completely destroyed. When first observed the fire had complete hold of the building, and on arrival of the firemen the flames were prevented from spreading to the adjoining property. The building was uninsured, and Mr Jones' loss will be considerable. The origin of the fire is unknown, The " Chiltern Leader" thus details a rather extraordinary occurrence which recently took place at Messrs G. F. Morris and Son's Fairfield wine cellars:-" An accident of a peculiar and sensational nature occurred at the cellars of Messrs Morris and Sons, Rutherglen, last Friday. It would appear that three coopers and a young lad were on top of an unusually large wine cask for the purpose of effecting repairs. The foreman, a man named Barrett, oblivious of the danger of their exalted position, gave instructions to the engine driver to fill the cask with steam in order to test its strength and endurance. Scarcely had the order been obeyed than the cask was blown to pieces, scattering the deck passen- gers in all directions. One of the men was cut above the eye, and another had his face laid open, while the boy was shot in among the rafters, where he had an unpleasant experience until subsequently released and with some difficulty. Happily no serious results are likely to arise from the sensational incident. A salutary object lesson has, however, been inculcated by the mis- adventure. Mr F. Sommell has sustained a heavy loss though an accident which 'befel his waggon and team of 20 bullocks on the 19th inst. He was carting quartz from Messrs Gay and Meurant's reef at Bunroy to the Thougla battery, and when coming down a steep hill the brake gave way. The waggon was forced down the hill and upon the unfortunate bullocks, three of which were killed outright, whilst nine others were disabled. The progress of the waggon was stopped by the prostrate bodies of the animals, great difficulty being experienced in releasing them, one having to be literally cut from under the heavily laden waggon. Some steps should certainly be taken by the Shire Council (says the Corryong Courier) to improve the condition of this road. Perhaps the Mining Department could be induced to assist in the work, if an application were made from the right quarter. Sickness has been prevalent in the Corryong district,one particularly sad case coming to light. Five of a family of nine, named Mildren have died within the past four months, the mother of the family being amongst the de- ceased. A benefit concert is to be held, and subscriptions have been issued, the deaths and sickness having reduced Mildren and the remainings members of his family to destitution. The veteran Captain Battye, formerly superintendent of police at Albury, is reported to be very seriously ill, suffering from an attack of paralysis. The vexed question as to whether the Federal Parliament should have control of the tributaries of the Murray, is still unsettled, and has blocked all progress at the Convention during the week. Mr John Burrows, of the Hume Flour Mills, Albury, elsewhere notifies to farmers that he is a buyer of wheat in any quantity. Mr John Lloyd, J.P., well-known in the Upper Murray district of Victoria and New South Wales, is back from South Africa. 