Chapter L.—Two Lovers. The young editor of the Inremish Observer had become quite a known personage in the town ; the railway porters touched their caps to him; the stationmaater, obliging as ever, hurried to see if he could find a compartment for him; and so he set forth. Little indeed of that journey could he afterwards recall. He must have looked out on the lapping watera of the Cromarty Firth—and on the wider sea-range up Dornoch way—and on the wooded heights by the Kyle of Sutherland ; he must have seen them, no doubt; aud yet without seeing them. He had come upon the strangest errand ever undertaken by mortal man. He could not shape his thoughts about it; it was too difficult. Besides that his brain was tortured by a recurrent phrase—"I ask for your pardon—1 ask for your pardon." That she—she—the beautiful clear-souled one—that she should bo piteouslv asking pardon of all mankind—she who had never a thought of harm for any human creature, but quite the other way; she who wished to do well to every one—who was benignant, and generous, and kind to all around her—but especially it you happened to be poor—or abashed—or unfitted for her notice; this was a bewildering thing. The proud and radiant young lass, why should she have become so humble; why should sho beg for forgiveness from all tho world. Well, it was not much of that journey that in after days Archie Gilchrist could bring back to his mind. The evenings were drawing in now; he resolved to pass the night at Lairg, instead of driving on through the dark to Alt-na-Traive : indeed, he wa3 not in a hurry ; he knew he had to formulate certain things in hia own mind before the object of his mission couid be accomplished, and a few sleepless hours would serve. At dinner, in the coffee-room, ho was so fortunate as to make tho acquaintance of two clergymen who proved to bo of a moat genial temperament; they beguiled the soli tude (for they and he were the only guests, the tourist season being quite over) they beguiled their enforced solitude with many merry tales and recitals of extraordinary experience?, chiefly connected with trailing forsalmo ferox ; nor did they monotonously confine themselves to fishing; nrr were they very siraitlaced about their iapea ; for example, when one of them told the story of a Scotch elder who said to his minister, "No, no, minister, ye needna warn me against the sin o' sweerin; it's a bad thing, sweerin; I dinna sweer; I wouldna sweer ; but sometimes I've been damned near it'—well, Gilchrist could only piously hope that the fable was new—perhaps it was even true. Then when the* brothers of the church had retired to the smoking-room he went out side. There was a full moon clear in the cloudless heavens, but also thero were inter vening trees, stirred by a light northerly wind, so that the swaying branches cut the luminous circle into multitudinous jagged and dazzling stars and planets that shone and scintilated suddenly here and there through the thick dark foliage. He would have liked Wild Eelin to have described this thiDg in one of her discursive, frolicsome, hut minutely obser vant papers. Then he. walked down to the side of the lake. It was a great breath of mystic gray, with suc cessive promoutoric-s, black as jet, appearing at receding distances, until, in the extreme west, the moonlight caught a bay of calm, and there was a bold seimitar-swesp of silver under the larchwoods and the spectral hills. It only l'lelin could have seen it, to write about it, and make it for ever vivid! He walked aiong to the weir and stocd and listened to the half-husuud hurrying voice, and he tried to make out if this or that one of Eelin's songs—any one of them—bravo and valiant, or pitiful with the misery of bygone unhappy folk—could he heard through the con fused nocturnal accompaniment. He stood and listened and listened, and tried to detect tile sound of her voice, as oiten he had heard it. Was it "Logic o'Buelian, O Logic the laird, they hae taen sv.'.v Jar/lie that delved ill the yairti"—or was it "The auld ij'.uarts back again"—or was it something about "Glenlin, and Dunoon, and Loch Striven V" i'orshe had oecoiue afraid of " The braes of Glenbraon"— and " ivirkconiiell Lea" was ton suggestive of the grave. Ah. it was not "And ye'll tak the high road, and I'll tak the laigh, and I'll he in Scotland before ye, but me and my true love will never meet again." He stood and listened, and tried to make out the. faiut echo of Delhi's voice, but lie quite tailed. It was the water kelpie's voice that answered him. and that only said "Eeliu"—and "Helm" and "Eoiiu" in tones of unutterable sadness anu farewell. Eor indeed ii is senses had got somewhat distracted; it was the one love of his life lie was thinking of—tile impetuous splendid young creature that for a while he somehow .seemed to have gained for himself—and to-morrow he was going to give her away to another man. Next morning broke line and still, with hoar frost: that is to say, uuder the long-stretching shadows of the shrubs the grit--,? was of a cold grey, but out in the open, where the sunlight full, it was of a warm golden green, the innu merable tiny spears glittering v.-itii diamonds of orange and dancing blue. He had ordered a waggonette to he waiting for him ; when lie went to tile hotel door lie did not notice that for a second the driver glanced at liiia, or rather at his costume, in an odd sort of way. He took his place and told the man to go on. "It's rather cold this morning," he said in a perfiinctury fashion. ' "Ay, tir. it is that," replied the driver, "and it will bo colder when wo get up to Crask, for tho wind's off the iiills." And so they loft tho pleasant neighborhood of Loch Shin—with its islands and yellow pro montories and its plantations all basking in the sun, and by-and- bye they emerged upon the vast and bare moorland that now had a touch oi snow on it. May, as they got up to the higher altitudes tho great expanse became oi a solid white—a white as solid as tho shoulders of Ben Arinin, that seemed to reign over this desolate and silent realm. Here and there a robust clump of heathor had shaken itself free and stood black-brown 011 the edge of the knoll; but small individual features of that kind did not interfere with the general character of the landscape, that seemed to have hushed itself to sleep under a spotless shroud. There was not tho whir of a bird's wing in all the voiceless wasto. And so the horses toiled 011 up the lonely Strath Terry, with Ben Olebrig showing him self against the northern skies, and Gilchrist j was lost in Sombro meditation until a remark 1 from the driver startled liiiu out of his reverie. | "They're coming, sir," the man said. j "Who are com iugj "The funeral." i He looked along the road, or the faint in- j dieations of a road, and far away he saw a, small black procession—the tinest black dot it . was—coming into tho spacious, white, solitary j world. j "But whose funeral';" lie asked again. " Mr. Macdonald, that was at Alt-na-: Traive," the man answered in obvious astonish mont. "The old gentleman—was you uot; hearing of it, sir "Why did theyNcot tell me at Lairg':"; Gilchrist demanded. \ " We thought it was for the funeral you came through, sir; and no one would be liking to speak to you about it. Will I go off the road V—for Highlanders do not care to meet a luneral. "Ko, 110," Gilchrist responded sharply. "Keep to the road; but when the funeral comas up then you can give them plenty of room to go by ; and if Mr. Semerled Mac donald wishes to speak to me, he can either do that or pass on, just what he chooses." The tiny black procession coming into the white moorland consisted merely of the hearse and one mourning carriage and the mourning carriage had hut one occupant. When he saw that this was Archie Gilchrist whom lie had ■ encountered, Somcrled Maedonald ordered the drivers to stop aud Giieiirisn got down and j went across. '"This is very sad—and sudden," he said. " Well, not so sudden," Somcrled answered, j "I had been warned by the doctor. And not so sad either. He died full of years and honor j ana the greatest honor conferred upon him was j the kindness of the ladies of Kinvaig. He had i 110 expectation of any such thing when we came j to this country—oh, no, none—for he was not j a presuming man—and their reception of him and their continued friendliness towards him— became the crowning joy of his life. Well, both mother and daughter will find she lias not been ungrateful. Hiss Eeliu will find she has not been forgotten. But X am detaining you and it is eoid up here. Won are going 011 to Alt-na-Traive "So," Gilchrist answered in great embar rassment. "My mission waa to see you, but in these circumstances " " How can anything be altered V Somerled Maedonald said in R13 direct fashion. "If you are going back to Lairg take a seat in this carriage aud let your waggonette follow. Then you can tell meat your leisure." Gilchrist accepted this suggestion—and yet with some apology. "If I had known," he said, as they continued ou their way, '11 should have come in proper clothes. But there was no intimation of any kind " " No," said his companion, "I will arrange about the newspaper announcements when I get to the Invernish—it will bo mora certain there than writing from a remote hamlet like Alt-na-Traive. Still, I wonder you have not heard, for I sent a note to Glengarva House " "At Glengarva, House," Giichrist said slowly, "X do nob think they are opening letters just now." The strong refined features of the other man grew suddenly ashen grey. "What is that you mean?" lie said at once. And then Gilchrist told him all the tale that he had in a kind of way prepared and arranged in sequence ; and he went 011 to defend his own position, and why he had come 011 this jour ney—not knowing of tho funeral. For a while Somerled Maedonald sate silent. The clear, brown, contemplative eyes looked troubled ; there was no other sign. At length lie said "What the doctor toid you about her splendid constitution is everything; clearly that is what; he relies upon ; and when she has pulled through and become her natural self again it will be time enough to talk about me. No, there will be no talk about me. People in delirium take wild fancies; aud all these ra mbling references to the Castle hill and Ben Wyvis mean—just nothing at all." Gilchrist shook his head. "You may think what you like," he said, "but I know. The story she told me—mis taking me for you—was too consecutive. The secret she had kept hidden was no longer a secret when she thought she was talking to you." Aud then after a while Somerled Maedonald said— "Why did you come to tell me all this—you who are engaged to be married to her "I couid have concealed it, uo doubt," Gilchrist answered calmly. "And probably when the fever goes she may have iorgotten that she made these revelations. And she would keep her promise to me, I am certain of that; yes, I am certain of that But then I should be a dishonored man. And it is not for Eelin Maedonald to pass her life with a dishonored man." " Y'ou are malting a great sacrifice," said the other absently. "Only—only—how can one trust to what is said in delirium I do not ask von, Gilenrist 'But when she is quite out of tlii3 illness, yon nust go to her, ana you must tell her from rue free—yes, yes, quite tree to choose her wish may fall—and then you may believe the story she confided to me when I was carrying her from the islands to GI011 garva House. And she will have no diifieulty in understanding why you should present your self before her. Well she knew what tiie thousand pounds meant. "The thousand pounds!" said Somerled Macdonaid. "The thousand pounds ! When I would have the skin of both my hands flayed to make a lacing-string for her slice !"' And so they went on through the wide, white, silent wilderness until they reached Lairg station, where the coffin was transferred, while they passed on to 0:1c of the usual com partments. They wore pretending to talk about ordinary things—about the green of the firs showing through the snow—about the re moval of the nets from the Kyle ot Suther land—about the letting of Langwell Lodge— and so forth ; but perhaps their thoughts were elsewhere. Archie Gilchrist, for example, was conscious that in due time they would get down to Dingwell; and ho knew of an old silver haired dame there who now would probably never see Eelin ilacdonald and never under stand how near lie had been to winning for him self the proud-eyed, proud-stepping daughter ot the House of Kmvaig. When tiiey arrived at Iitvernish there was another necessarily tedious transference of the coffin and Archie Gilchrist wouid have had h:3 companion drive out with hire to hear the latest tidings of the poor invalid. But Mac donald declined, "Xo," lie said, "until 1 have seen my father laid in that small churchyard in Glengarva, I must do nothing else. And indeed," he added with aotne delicacy, "i was wonder ing whether you might not have gone 011 wilh "And I was thinking of it, too," said Gil christ, "for 1 know it i:. just what Iv.-lin her self would wish. Only I must get news of her: and 1 will jump into a cub and see if 1 can intercept the doctor anywhere: and then 1 will go home for a couple of seconds to get into proper clothes, aurt I shall bo back here before you are ready to start. And meanwhile yon must get some thing to eat; it's a long way to Giengarva, and there i3 the Station Hotel—if you go into the coffee-room 1 shall join you iu a. i'ew In a very short time he was hack ; the sub dued gladness of his face was its own report. Someriod Maedouald held out his hand am! it was grasped. "Jt is weil," Someried said (with the grave eyes burning), " i can see it is well." "Yes, yes," .said the other, "the news is good. But i euukl not find the doctor; i chanced to come across the night-muse, who was out tor her usual waik, ami she thought that Miss hieiin was going on first-rate, in spite of the tremendous trial. Uh, yes, her tune was confident, if it was cautious ; and I think thai some of u.s may yet hear Lei In Macdonaid sing ' The braes of Glenbracm'—no, no, 1101 that one—she seemed to have a fear of r.h.v; one —but any of her other —40, hearu ye yon pibroch' — or 'Sweat .vir, for your courtesie'— —" He turned ft way, and looked round the bit; dinin^-iui,1.!. He professed r.o Lv interested in the question as. to wlietetr the stags'antlers displayed along thu cornice were icai or manu factured. And when ho came Uiok to the f-inah table thut rionn-rieii Macdonaid had en gaged he asked whether rhe Uu- st telegrams had eeihe in about the Forfarakire election. iNjacdoii^M's firm eyes wore not to bo deceived. t He said to himself, "Here's a man whose! heart is broken by the bitter stroke of fate ; and iu all God's universe what nlouciu••nt can be made to him for that? No. nor may one even olfer a furtive word of sjunpaihy." Thereafter they resumed their journey ; and as their route lay aiong the east, bank of the river they came within sight of the islands, and oil tho opposite side of the stream the red with its black urauearia, iu cedars, and tes. The* its yellowed elms and lim es. Tim sunlight %va: on the place and all seemed happy and quiet. "l)o you see that open Rate?' said Gilchrist —for the eyes of bush men were feed on the same spot. "1 know it." "Ah, but same day the drive will not be so empty as it is now. You will find Eelin Mae donaid come swinging along, with the joy of youth in her free way of walking, and the joy oi youth in her greeting to this one and that. .Look, they have left the gate open." Liu you understand what that is for? Why, when she comes out for her first stroll she will not be impeded. And of course Jauo will be there when tho carriage comes out from the town ; and Moras: will have plenty of rugs ; and I shouldn't wonder, when the landau goes bv, if General MallocU were to hurry down to the front to wave a glad congratulation to her. I can make out the whole picture, and I don't wonder that tho servants come running down to the corner of the pathway to see her off should bo crying with delight, for Miss Ec-lin had a trick of making many friends, both gentle and simple, and when s.io first goes into iuveruish after her illness the word will bo passsed round, and many a one will come out to shako hands with her and say something kind to "nor. Oh, yes, she had the way of making friends " "Gilchrist," said his companion, not with out a certain auxiotv, "do you know you have wrought yourself into a terrible pitch of excitement; and unless you quiet down something may happen ? The last news is good news ; what more could you wish for ? Now tell me how it was you chanced to be out here so early the morning she dashed herself into the river?" "Oh, well," said Archie Gilchrist—and the question did in a measure recall him to his senses—though these were disturbed enough— "I generally come out here about daybreak ; the place is so ouiot: and J bring my books and papers with me and got on a little bit with my work. And indeed 1. was so much engaged with these things that when I saw her come down t;o the edgo of tho river at that time of the morning X thought it was merely sonephantasm of the brain—a ghost—a white ghost—which I could get rid of by shutting toy eyes. But when she splashed into the stream, then I know. It has always been her ambition to swim through the Devil's Kirn up to the weir: and there were the u'umm come shrieking down from the house, and I knew. Yes, I knew. And I knew what the end must be, and I waited on the bank until the swing of the current carried her down, and then X went in and got hold of her." "Otherwise she would have been drowned ?" said his neighbor, with downcast eyes. "Her strength was far spent," was the answer. And then Iho straightforward eyes looked up "You love this girl quite to distraction," said Somerled Macdonald, " and she has pro mised to marry you. And you have just saved her life. Yet you seem to suggest that I should take her away from you on account of a few words spoken m delirium. My friend, even if there were any sucii impossible possibility, I am not a coward hound." •To be continued. I 