THE GHOSTS OF WOODSTOCK1 One of the best stories of a haunted house is that which in related of the Royal Pulace at Woodstock in the year 1649, when the commissioners sent from London by the Long Parliament to take possession of it and efface all the omblems of Royalty about it, were fairly driven out by their fear of the devil, and the annoyances thoy suffered from a roguish cavalier, who played the imp to admiration. The commissioners, dreading at that time no devil, arrived at Woodstock on tbe 13th of October, 1649. They look up their lodgings in the late King's apartments, turned the beautiful bedrooms and withdrawing rooms into kitchens and sculleries ; the counoil-hall into a brew-house, and made the dining room a place to keep firewood in. They pulled down all the insignia of Royal State, and treated with the utmost indignity eveiything that recalled to their memory the name of the King. One Giles Sharp accompanied them in the capacity of clerk, and seconded their efforts apparently with the greatest zeal. He aided them to uproot a noble old tree, merely because it was called the King's oak, and tossed the frag ments into the dining-room to make cheer ful fires for the commissioners. During the first two days they heard Borne Btrange noises about the bouse, but they paid no great attention to them. On the third, however, they began to suspect they had got into bad company ; for they heard, as they thought, a supernatural dog under their bed, which gnawed their bedclothes. On tbe next day the . chairs and tables began to dance, apparently of their own ac cord. On the fifth day something came into the bed-chamber and walked up and down, and fetching the warming-pan out of the withdrawing-room made eo much noise with it that they thought five church' bells were ringing in their ears. On the sixth day the plates and dishee were thrown up and down the dining room. On the seventh day they penetrated into the bedroom in company with several logs of wood, and usurped the Boft pillowB intended for the cominiseioners. On the eight and ninth nights there was a cessation of hostilities, but on the tenth the bricks in the chimneys became locomotive, and rattled and danced about the floors and round the heads of the commissioners all the night long. On the eleventh tbe demon ran away with their breeches, and on the twelfth filled their beds so full of pewter platters that they could not get into them. On the thirteenth night the glass became unaccountably seized with a tit of cracking, and fell into shivers in all parts of the house. On the fourteenth there was a noise as if forty pieces of artil lery had been fired off and a shower of pebble-stones, which so alarmed the com missioners that, 'struck with great horror, they cried out to one another for help ' They first of all tried the efficacy of prayers to drive away the evil spirits, bur, these proving unavailing, they began seriously to reflect whether it would not be much better to leave the place altogether to the devil that inhabited it. They ultimately resolved, however, to try it a little longer, and having craved forgiveness of all their fine betook I hemselves to bed. That night they slept in tolerable comfort, but it was merely a trick of their tormentor to-iaU' them into false security. When on the suc ceeding night they beard no noises they began to flatter themselves that the devil was driven out, and prepared accordingly to take up their quarters for the whole winter in the palace. These symptoms on their part became the signal for renewed uproar among the fiends. On the 1st of November they heard something walking with a blow and solemn pace up and down the with drawing-room, and immediately afterwards a shower of stones, bricks, mortar, and DroKen glass pelted about their ears. On the 2nd the steps were again heard in the withdrawing-room, sounding to their fancy very much like the treading of an enormous bear, which continued for about a quarter of an hour. This noise having ceased, a large warming-pau was thrown violently upon the table, followed by a number of slones and the jawbone of a horse. Some of the boldest walked vuliantly into the withdrawing-room armed with swords and pistole, but could discover nothing. They were afraid that night to go to sleep, and sat up making fires in every room, and burning candles and lampB in great abun dance, thinking that as the fiends loved darkness they would not disturb a company surrounded with bo much light. They were deceived, however, buckets of water came down the chimneys and extinguished the fires, and the candles were blown out, they knew not bow. Some of the servants, who had betaken themselves to bed, were drenched with putrid ditch water as they lay, and arose in great fright, muttering incoherent prayers, and exposing to the wondering eyes of the commissioners their linen all dripping with green moisture, and %heir knuckles ted with the blows they had at the same time received from some in visible tormentors. While they were still speaking there was a noise like the loudest thunder or the firing of a whole park of artillery, upon which they all fell down upon their knees and implored-the protec tion of the Almighty. One of the commissioners then arose, tbe others still kneeling, and asked in a coura geous voice and in tbe name of God who was there, and what they had done that they should be troubled in that manner. No answer was returned, and the noiseB ceased for awhile. At length, however, as the commissioners said, ' the devil came again, and brought with it seven devils worse than itself.' Being again in dark ness, they lighted a candle and placed it in the doorway that it might throw a light upon the two chambers at once, but it was suddenly blown out, and one commissioner said that he had ' ' seen the similtude of a horse's hoof striking the candle and candle stick into the middle of the chamber, and afterwards umking three escapes .on the snuff to put it out.' Upon this the same person woe so bold as to draw his sword ; but he asserted positively that he had hardly withdrawn it from the scabbard before an invisible hand seized hold of it nnd tugged with him for it, and, prevail ing, struck him so violent a blow with the pou-.mel that he was quite stunned. Then the l.oises began again, upon which, with one accord, they all retired into the pre sence chamber, where they passed the night praying and singing pBaltne. They were by this time convinced that it was useless to struggle any longer with the powers of evil, that seemed determined to make Woodstock thsir own. These things happened on the Saturday night, and, being repeated on the Sunday, they deter mined to leave the place immediately and return to London. By Tuesday morning early all theit preparations were completed, and, shaking the dust off their feet, and de vcting Woodstock and all its inhabitants to the infernal gods, they finally took their departure. Many years elapsed before the true cause of these disturbances waa discovered. It was ascertained at the Restoration that the whole was the work of Giles Sharp, the trusty clerk of tbe commissioners. This man, whose real name was Joseph Collins, was a ccnctiftleil Royalist, and had passed his early life within the bowers of Wood stock, so that he knew every hole and cor ner of the place, and the numerous trap doors and secret passages that abounded in l he building.' The commissioners, never suspecting the true state of his opinions, but believing him to be revolutionary to the backbone, placed the utmost reliance upon him ; a confidence which he abused in the manner above detailed to his own great amusement and that of the fewcavulicrs whom he let' into tbe eeoret. 