CHAPTER XII THEY BOTH HAVE THEIR SECRETS. The time came when Pinnie could move round the house, and he fretted not a lit- tle as to his future course. It never occurred to him, or his friends, that he would return to the school. At that institution there was little change. The Tiger never inquired for the boy, he may possibly have known—the means of knowing such things at the com- mand of this wealthy Spaniard were far greater than that possessed by the city secret service; and it was an exceedingly curious fact—as stated by the chief of police —that Spanero had gone on to the Chamber of Commerce once, as a total stranger, and made a small fortune. He sold "futures" in consols. Three days after, a sailing packet cmae with the news that consols had drop- ped to such an extent that Spanero reaped a great harvest. It was secretly understood to some way Spanero was interested in certain foreign governmental affairs, but not the slightest clue could be obtained as to nature of this interest. These weeks were not without events. The man who kept the restaurant from whence the Tiger's meals were brought, had a little private office in the rear corner, This small room was noticeable on account of its bareness, the furniture consisting of two fragmentary chairs. And that was all. The walls were not plastered, but ceiled. It had but one window, and that was un- usually high and small. If there were any place to store things in this little den it must have been in the wall by secret panel, for not even a box rested upon the floor. There was a door leading into the restaur- ant, and another opening to the alley at the rear. These doors are trimmed with spring locks, both opening from within. The restaurant was peculiar in that it did not seem to have, nor seek, a regular custom, very few who dropped in accidentally re- peated the accident. There was a waiter and he was deaf. The cook room was a rear room in the next building, connected by a swing door. This side of the square ex- tended into the disreputable district, a sort of thieves' quarters. Every city has such sections, and usually in close proximity to the respectable city. In this building a part of the history we are narrating transpires. At 1 o'clock in the morning, two of the most interesting characters it will ever be our misfortune to meet occupy the grimy and insecure chairs mentioned as the furniture of the private room. One of these was the proprietor of the restaurant. His round, lumpy head and high bare forehead were surmounted with a closely cropped covering of hair—a style not at all in vogue at that time. This man was probably forty-five years of age. The face was broad and brown, leathery, and lines rather than wrinkles crossed it, out- lines of passion and sensuality. But his mouth was not thick and animal, on the contrary it was thin, somewhat broad, and intensely determined. If the reader has in mind a picture of Spanero, let this individ- ual be the contrary in feature. He was un- der hight, but stoutly built. His clothing was of dark gray stuff, old and greasy, and his hands clumsy and repulsive. He was a powerful man and a character. A candle was flaring in the room on a chimney cornice, and cast an unhealthy and unfavorable light upon this person and his companion. The latter was gaunt, tall and angular. Chest sunken, bald head, always covered by a consumptive-looking old wreck of a cap he was of ashen-gray countenance, large, red-streaked eyes. When he moved his limbs moved only. His nose was slight- ly Romanized, and his teeth were waiting for the dentist of the future. He was a spare, repulsive-looking creature, whom you would rather not meet in the night without your club and a reliable dog. And yet, when he spoke, you listened to a soft, kindly voice—a voice which you would you had heard before; and you would ransack memory to find the owner of the original—among all the gentlemen you had met in the past. On his feet were sheep skin shoes, with wool left on the bottoms. The gaunt, thin-faced man had a bad graveyard cough. "I dunna see, Stub, what ye do wi' cough whin ye're oot, mon?" said the short man, whose name, so far as Boston culture could inform us, was "Speters." "What would I be doing with anything that I didn't want?" "Whut wud uny mon be doon wi' it—wha, mam, yud shut it up." ^ "Yes, I do shut it up—and with this!" said Stub, his lank face and large eyes aglow as he brought forth a small vial filled with pellets. "Un whut mut it be thut ?" asked Speters. "That is the God that I worship. I am safe when that is with me, and in danger when it is not." "'Un it doon't luk like opum." "But it comes from opium," replied Stub, they tell me, and it works mighty quick, too, for in ten minutes I feel it tingle, and in twenty it puts iron in my blood." "Bat, mon, it will kill thoo," "Can't do it too soon, Speters, I would not mind that, but the ghosts while I live!" 'You're cracken in yor ooper story—un you better luve it aloon." "I believe you, Speters. I met a pair of lovers the other night, and in my mind was a dream of what took my child from me years ago—and I looked up, and sure enough there was my child what was drowned—as big as life, just as I dreamed." "Thut shoos thut ye wont last much long- er." "Your right again, for, upon my soul. I saw before me my own picture, as I was a squid hanging to my mother's apron strings in old Cambridge." "Yu did? And whut did ya say to yer self ?" asked Speters, with a grin which call- ed up the idea of a graveyard. "I didn't say a word to myself. I looked at myself and myself looked at me! and upon my soul if myself didn't faint away!" "Un we doon't blame myself for that," sug- gested Speters. "IN ANOTHER MOMENT THE TWO MEN WERE DIGGING IN A PASSAGEWAY THE DIREC- TION OF WHICH WAS TOWARD THE FOUND- ATION OF THE 'SCHOOL BUILDING.' " "But what had I to do with it? If it was a lad, why should he tumble over?" "Sure an' wouldn't yer dooty kill a man at close quarters?" Stub opened his thin jaws and took a pill into his mouth, and smacked his lips. "It was a ghost, Speters—I know them, there was no one there." "An' yur not afraid uv um?" "Afraid, man? Why man, what cares a man who has nothing to live for? Live for what I get? No, Speters, no, there is no fear to a man who don't care when he tum- bles off the wharf." "Why don't you tumble yourself off?" said Speters. "Because I haven't killed a Spaniard yet?" replied Stub. "Hev a care, Stub," said the other, with a heavy frown. "Hev a care about the Spun- yard. Our mon be a Spunyard." "And I knew that, too—or I wouldn't have been here." And so the interesting twain sat and talk- ed for a quarter of an hour longer. It is not hard to see that Stub has been a man of parts. His language has but a slight mix- ture of dialect, and even at this time accent and pronunciation pointed to no inconsider- able culture. The thieves vocabulary had not yet been invented. But the language of Speters was still more of a puzzle—simply because his dialect was strained, and evi- dently a poor attempt to reach the North England type. With all the depravity evi- dent in the make up of Stub, there was no question but that Speters was the most des- perate villain of the two. A peculiar knock was heard on the outer door, a key was thrust into the lock, and the Tiger entered. He glanced at Stub a moment, and turn- ing to Speters, said: "Is this the man?" "The man" had his cold, steel-gray eyes on the Tiger. It was not the glance that he had before cast upon a supposed ghost. It had something of strength in it. He took another pill. "This is the mun," replied Speters. "And has he done his work to-night?" "Befoor we ahnswer thut, cap," said the short, stout villain, bringing his small, ser- pent eyes upon the Tiger, "we will talk uv soomthing ulse." "Well, talk of what you want to, but get off from that brogue and do your practicing on the devil." "That is all right, sir; but that is not what I have to say," returned the villain, changing his method of speech. "If you have anything you wish to say be- fore this man; go ahead." "It is before this very man," said Speters, sullenly. Spanero walked across the floor, a heavy frown resting upon his face. "Drive on," he muttered. "All I have to say is a devil of a little. It is that we want to know the bilk in the glitter for us." "Have you not been well paid for your services?" "Noo, we ha' noot." "Don't you get this d——d croak's nest for nothing?" said Spanero. "Whut o' that? Hev ye not crooked the bilk o' thousands here theesel'?" "Do I not pay you well for running this cookshop?" "An hev ye not yer oon spun in the dish?" "Well, out with it, man," sputtered Span- ero, still walking back and forth. "If you have anything to say, let it out." "And I hev this to say, captain: 'If that ere coop is busted next week, he will hev his thoord, and me will hev my thoord, and ye will hev yoor thoord—and that is all there be to it." "And if you don't get a fi' put note?" "Then pard an' me wont divide it up wi' ye." Spanero took this all very coolly. He waited a moment and then drew a silver- mounted pistol from his side coat pocket— one of the long-barreled, flint-lock weapons took his handkerchief and polished the barrel as he said: "Speters, we will have no words about this job. You will do as I direct, and no grumbling, either. If you make me trouble I will put a bullet into your head, and if you spout I will have you hung to the bridge within an hour by a mob—do you under- stand?" "No, I don't," returned the other. "Do you want me to explain?" asked Span- ero, bringing the pistol to bear upon Spe- ters' face. During this somewhat interesting proceed- ing Stub, who apparently was not acquaint- ed with Spanero, sat with his chin on his breast and his eyes closed. He did not raise his lids even under the inspiration of a possible row or even murder—such is a man nerism of the criminal class. Nor did Speters blink. In a cold, icy tone he replied: " Spanero, if you play me foul, as you have another, you will be shaken out in an hour and your rookeries burned to the ground. Put up that nonsense—I am not afraid of ye." " This weayon, Speters, is quicker than a knife, and I propose to stop this grumbling at once and for all." "You do?" said Speters, sharply. "Else there will be war between us." "Then it will be war," replied the thickset man carelessly, throwing one leg over the other. "Speters is a beautiful name, isn't it? Now, you have not told this man here your other name. He looks like a gentleman be- side you, and I don't think you are a fit man for him to associate with. Shall I introduce you to him?" "Look out, Spaniard," said the villain arousing himself. "You kill me, Speters, at your leisure; and when I die a letter will be opened at po- lice headquarters of this city which will set every one of these cursed new-fangled tele- graphs in motion. Do you know what they will say?" asked the Tiger, fastening his gray eyes on the leathery face before him. "No. What's it allaboot, anyhow?" "Well, it's about summoning every spy, detective and officer in this couniry to in- stant duty." "It would?" "And then a United States clipper cruiser would go to France to warn the continent and England." "And what for?" "To hang you," said Spanero. The villain raised his eyes to the Span- iard's face, and they looked at each other steadily for a moment. Then Speters let fly a single word: "Hell!" "Yes, they want to find an assassin—one who kills princes and breaks up crown jew- els—see?" Like a snake uncoiling after a fright, the tense muscles of Speters loosen and his knit brow relaxes. Then he says moodily: "What will they do with the principal in that little affair?" "He will be dead. You will have killed him." "Spaniard, put up that pistol. Have your own way." Spanero put it out of sight and moved to the door. "Speters, Pinnie is still at the lawyer's house. I want either you or this man to cook him." Spanero withdrew and closed the door; but immediately opened it again, thrust in his head and said: "The notice has gone to headquarters that if Mr. North brings funds with him from Philadelphia he had better take it to his house, and keep the business office under full guard." He then withdrew. Speters looked up and said: "Stub, what makes your eyes so bright?" The fact was that Stub was sitting up as straight as a militia colonel, his eyes bril- liant and his cheeks aflame. "It's the cough medicine!" "Was there something about Spanero that brought out the pills?' "Yes," replied Stub, "But I don't know what it was." "Then you don't know this hell brat?" "No." "It is well; but did you get into the house?" "Yes. I entered two of the rooms." "You're a cat." "I inspected all the lighted rooms from the outside and from the projecting windows. Two of the dark rooms I entered by a large chimney, in which there had been no fires for a long time." "Wonderful! Did you locate the muni- ment room?" "Yes, and can get into it without breaking a wall or a lock." "Give it to us easy, Stub." " I' faith I speak the truth. I saw the koys taken from a panel when I was in the room." "The devil!" "Yes," said Stub, "I stood in the fireplace, and, curse my miserable soul, if I didn't have to hustle to get there, when a fine old lady entered with a candle—and all that crowd in the other rooms, too." ''Scraps!" ejaculated the other man. "Yes, Speters, and, by the ragged St Francis, the old lady looked right at me, squarely—and she didn't know it—I didn't have my party clothes on, you see." "She would have sworn she looked at the devil!" "She unlocked a little panel in the old fashioned wainscotted wall, and took out the keys. The jim end of my knife will force it, and there are but two doors to the vault. It is off from an old dining-room—used in the old Dutch days. But the most singular thing was what I saw in the crowd, through the windows—the young woman who was with my spook—the one that fainted away." "Spook?" asked Speter. "Yes. The slimins with the big eyes. The other one of myself. "Wonder if that spook isn't Pinnie?" "The chap what the boss wanted us to put under cover?" "That's the chick, Stub." "Well this fellow will not go under sod again—not until I go!" "Well, let us go hence," said Speters, suddenly changing the subject. Without a word the two men passed out into the restaurant room. They silently wended their way behind a liquor counter, lifted a trap door, and, in the darkness, si- lently dropped to the cellar below. Without stumbling over any of the nu- merous kegs and casks, the villainous twain made their way to the corner of the cellar, directly under the private room they had re- cently left. Speters scratched one of the then recently invented lucifer matches, and lighted two bull's-eye oil lanterns. In another moment the two men were dig- ging in a passageway, the direction of which was toward the foundations of the "school building." The corner of the brick work of that inte- rior building was, perhaps, 150 feet away from the rear of the restaurant, and in that interior structure, on the first floor, was the vault or the treasure room of Spanero. Upon the outside was but a blank wall up to the fourth floor, and then a single window mark- ed the place where the Spanish artist's private room was, adjoining his office. And here we leave the precious twain to their dark work—in which the Tiger was probably not a partner. 