pteratuxe. WILD EELIN: HER ESCAPADES. ADVENTURES, AND BITTER SORROWS. By WILLTAM BLACK, Author of 'A Daughter of Heth,' 'A Princess of Thule,' 'Madcap Violet,' 'In Far Lochaber,' 'Whits Heather,' 'Stand Fast, Craig- Royston,' ' Highland Cousins,' &c;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with (.he Author. All rights reserved. ] Chatter III. — 'So Young, Mr Loud, anu Tiiiik.' 'I am good, I am beautiful, and I am modest,' said Wild Eelin, entering the room, ' but it 19 a cruel and a wicked world, and I am not appreciated.' She took the biff, black, green-eyed tom-cat from her shoulder and threw it on to a couch. 'Beelzebub, if you have no further news for me from the place below I have no further use for you — shoo I — awajr, impostor !' And tlien Bhe turned to her mother, who was reading a newspaper. ' Mother, I am going into the town ; do you want anything sent out ?' out) was a, yuuug gin ui uuuuo ij ur a\j, hardly over middle height, of slim and graceful figure, and of unmistakably Highland aspect — Highland in the clear whiteness of her skin, that had rather over than under its due of rose- leaf tint in the cheeks, but above all Highland in her large, liquid, lustrous deep blue eyes, that, set about with their dark eye lashes, were of a quite indescribable loveliness — they seemed to suggest somehow the wild and strange beauty of a moonlight night at sea. J.-'erliaps her straight nose and full and finely-cut mouth might have lent something imperative and commanding to berappoarance ; but she was not quite tall enough for that ; besides, she was young — younger even than her years ; and then again her general expression seemed to say of her that her heart was wholly rippling over with laughter and frolicsomenes3 and the abundant delight of living. With three or lour inches added to her stature and with a dozen years added to her age she might have posed as a sybil— as things were. Well, she was just Wild Eelin, as her com panions often called her, though her Gaelic speaking friends had a finer name for her than that— to them she was ' Eelin of the sea-blue eyes.' For the rest, she was dressed with ex treme simplicity and neatness — her blouse being of the JSlacdonald tartan, and the circu lar silver brooch she wore at her neck was not eet with any precious atones — it merely liad these three words engraved on it, 'The Eagle's Crag,' which is the slogan of tho Macdonalds of Kinvaig. Her mother glanced upward from the paper. She was a slight, silver- haired, sweet-voiced lady, who mayhap looked all the more fragile and delicate and timid in contrast with the robuster color and brave demeanor of her daughter. 'Really, Eelin,' she said in almost piteous tones, ' I rnnst protest ? ' ' What is it now, mother ?' 'I have just been reading the last of these White Cockade articles. Really — really, Eelin, you don't seem to know the lengths you are going. Why, you are openly making love to this young man !' e 'He is not a j'oung man, mother,' she re sponded with much placidity. ' He is a whantom— a ghost — a wandering voice ! I have not even seen him in dreams ; I meet him only in the columns of the Invunisb Observer, published every Saturday, prico one penny.' ' You don't appear to understand ['-remon- strated the anxious mother. 'Behind all this farrago of moonlight walks and pretended cor respondence and assignations, there is an actual person ; and you have no means of knowing who or what that person may be.' 'An actual person! — a common and ordi nary person ! — why, mother, he's not a person at all— lie's a poet ! And you want me to stop giving him that little bit of encourage ment and approval for which every poet pines ! How can you be bo cruel ! And another thing, look at the consequences of suppressing a poet ! Have you ever thought of the awful conse quences of suppressing a poet? He might burst !' ' I dare say he knows parfectly well who you are if you don't know who he is,' oon continued the mother; 'and sooner or later there will be an introduction brought about by somebody— there is always that possibility ; and then what will you have to say ?' For answer the young lady walked up to a large scroll framed and hung on the wall— a genealogical tree with its wide-spreading branches dotted all' over with white cir cular spots like so many sixpenny- bits, arid with her forefinger pointing she began at the base of the stem, proceeding gradually up wards, and proudly naming one name after another— 'Somerled, Thane of Argyle— married the daughter of the King of the Isles— Reginald, King of the Isles ; Donald, Lord of the Isles, 1214 ; Angus, Lord of the Isles ; Alexander, Lord of the Isles ; Angus, Lord of the Isles ; Angus Og, Lord of the Isles ; John, Lord of the Isles ; Ranold of Dunluce ; JEneas Gorm Macdonald, of Kinvaig ; Donald Macdonald, of Kinvaig; Alasdair Glas Macdonald, of Kinvaig; Lewis Macdonald, of Kinvaig; Somerled Macdonald, of Kinvaig; Ranald John Maedonald, of Kinvaig ; and more— and more; and all of them kin and sib to Kinloch moidart and Keppoch and Glencoe and Glen garry, and you ask me, their descendant, to be '? afraid -of meeting' face to face some young divinity student— some lawyerV clerk— some town-councillor's son— whatever or whoever he may be? You forget, mother. If I am not, \ 'the daughter of a hundred Earls,' lam the ' daughter of a thousand Thanes; and by £be .Red Book ofClanranald Ifearno mortalmanl'' She dropped her heroics. 'Mummie, -darling, the fact is you are a hen with only one.ohick, and you keep cluck-cluoking when there's no danger about at all. I don't see the slightest chance of my ever meeting this young gentle man who writes the pretty verses. They'll keep my seoret safe enough at the Observer office. And even if I were to meet him some day, what would happen? I have a small grain of common sense. I'm not nearly such a fool as I look ; so you get rid of all that un necessary alarm, my dear, sweet, excellent mother, and tell me what you want ordered in In vermeil, for I have a lot of things to do be fore dinner-time.' And thus it was that a little while thereafter Miss Eelin Macdonald, of Kinvaig (alas 1 there now remained to them nothing of Kinvaig save the style and title accorded them in courtepy by friends and neighbors), was march ing briskly along the banks of the wide and full-flowing river on this still and peaceful and golden August afternoon. She crossed the vibrating suspension bridge ; she continued her way by the side of the stream ; then she climbed the steep Castle-hill and had a casual look round at the distant mountain ranges from the ethereal Mealfourvonie in the south to the darker Ben Wy vis in the north ; and finally she went on and into the town to exe cute hur mjther's commissions. But when these had all been got through she found her self (as she had planned) with a little time of her own, and bo, to begin with, she went into a small grocer's shop. 'A pound of tea, Mrs. Fordyce, and two pounds of sugar, and as quick as you can, please, for I'm rather in a hurry.' The big, buxom, good-natured-looking woman behind the counter seemed more in clined to pause and have a chat with Miss Eelin than to dispatch her busiuess, and so she had again to be urged. 'And how much will that come to?' 'One and eightpence, if ye please, Miss Eolin.' The girl took out her purse and searched all through it. 'Dear me,' she Baid, ' how stupid ! I have only one- and-sixpence-halfpenny with me. You'll just have to take out some of the tea, Mrs. Fordyce.' 'I'm sure you'll not be wanting to affront raej Miss Eelin,' said the big, soft-featured woman, who appeared to be of a sensitive tem perameni. vvnen you Know mac anyemng in tho shop is at your service — and no question of money at all 1' 'Well, well, Mrs. Fordyce,' said the young lady blithely, 'if you carry on your shop on sentimental principles of that kind I wouder how long you'll have a roof over your head. But I'll owe you the three halfpence— I won't ask you to open the packet— for I want to get along at once to old Granny Sinclair.' 'Ay, I thought it was something of that kind,' said Mrs. Fordyce with a smile. 'And you'll just owe me the three halfpence until I ask you for it, Miss Eelin.' Miss Eulin now left the shop, went quickly along to another thoroughfare, passed up a narrow entry, ascended a stair, and knocked at a door and opened it. Apparently she knew her way well, tor the next minute found her in a small and rather dusky room, the sole occupant of which was a shrivelled little old woman who lay huddled up in a dilapi dated rocking-chair. The window at which she sate looked out upon a courtyard above the high wall of which some rowan trees and poplars 6howed— their sunlit foliage almost motionless against the necked blue and white sky, but she was not regarding these; she had been helplessly staring at her brown and bony fingers, clasped in her lap, until the arrival of this visitor had suddenly aroused her attention. 'Well, Granny,' said the newcomer in her buoyant and matter-of-fact fashion, 'has there been no one looking in for a moment to cheer you up on this fine afternoon ?' 'I've just been wearyin' for ye, Mis3 Ealin,' said the old woman in a quavering voice, 'and wonderin' hour by hour whether ye would come. It's a long, long day now that thev'ra keeping Jean so late ; sometimes it's near 10 o'clock before she gets home.' 'Well, I'm going to make you a cup of tea now,' continued Miss Eelin briskly, 'and we'll pull your chair back a bit and open the window, to freshen the air you know; and I see your cushion is all slouched down — you must let me help you over to the bed until I get thiugs put straight, and if there's any firs in the kitchen we'll soon have some hot water ? ' And thereupon she set busily to work and that with a wise mothorlinesa and dexterity and tact beyond all praise. If in outward seeming she was even younger than her years, in her judgment, her sagacity, her patient tolerance of weakness or stupidity, her good humored dealing with fractious tempers, she was a grown woman of quite exceptional gifts and qualities. Perhaps, indeed, he,r very youth fulness— or that appearance of fresHfend light hearted' youthfulness — stood her in good stead. People who otherwise might have been inclined to stand on their rights and dignities (which are jealously guarded among certain sections of the poorer classes) became more amenable when it was only a mischief-loving, whimsical, domineering slim slip of a girl who wa9 deter- ; mined on having her own way. In her home and out of it this domineering had come to be a recognised kind of thing; every one, or nearly every one, submitted to it; who was going to tako Miss Eelin too Eeriously and run all the : unimagined risks of offending her and quar relling with her? But tometimes the timid and apprehensive mother thought of the j future— and of a future that might be near. And on this occasion the intruder forthwith took upon herself the entire control of the j little dwelling and its solitary occupant too; she got the hot water and made the tea; she laid the cloth ; she went to the cupboard and brought out what remained of a cold lee of mutton (that small joint had made a most desperate hole in Wild Eelin's finances — and all unknown to the Bean-an- Tighearn) ; she cut one or two thin and neatly-trimmed slices ; she added some lettuce leaves, and sprinkled the same with pepper and salt and vinegar ; she drew the old dame's ctjair close to the table; she pulled the window-Wind right to the top, for a more cheerful light ; and then she said— 'Now, Granny, there you are. And what shall I read to you while you're having your tea?' 'Jean was leaving me a paper there, but I'm feart the print is getting to be too little for my old eyes ? ' 'This one, i9 it? Oh, the Observer. And what would you like to hear about first — the births, deaths, and marriages, I suppose ? ' 'Maybe,' said- old Granny Sinclair, 'maybe there's something more about that young lass — her that was wearing the white rosette ? ' 'Oh, the White Cockade creature-^why, you're not interested in her, surely ! ? ' 'Ay, but she's a smart lass, that one,' said the old woman with a dim sort of smile, for these comfortable things before her had en livened her spirits somewhat— 'ay, she has' some spunk, that one ; and who was telling her all the old stories-^and how was she know ing all about the '45 and the wild men of Glen moriston ? ' Miss Eelin burst out laughing. 'Granny, Granny, have you never guessed? Why, that's me ! Don't you know that I'm a great authoress ¥ I write poetry and prose and lots of other things ; and I'm going to' write about you ; I'm going to describe you as one of the notable heroines of the nineteenth cen tury, - ' because you . take . everything that happens with such a brave heart and you never oom plain— here hare I been in-the,house '?? -? .' ''?'''? ?'''' ?,??? .'''. ?':'.?- ' ' ? '??' ? '?'?'' nearly half an hour and you've never even mentioned the pains in your back, whereas anybody else would have been groaning and whining and yauinerincr. Have you never guessed— not even whop you saw your own recollections put into print ?' The old dame had ceased Btirring her tea ; ?she looked stupified. 'You, Miss Eelin? — is it you?— is it you that's her that stands up for Prince Charlie V 'And what for no? Bring the ghost of Lord President Forbes before me this minute and you'll hear the talking I'll give him I'1 'And — and — .was it yourself that was listening for Iseabal Bheag nan Brecaig?'* ' Why, Granny, that was one of your own tales ! It was you who told me of the Pro vost's murder and how little Iseabal happened to see the murderers at work and how she gave information that led to her own murder ; and how her cries are heard to this day when the evenings are still alorife the woods there by the river ? ' ' And was you hearing them, Miss Eelin ?' the old said eagerly. 'Well— that is to say — you know— the girl who signs herself ' White Cockade ' makes some kind of pretence of having been listening —and of having heard something ; but I wouldn't believe too mucb, Granny, of what's in the papers. I myeelf never heard Iseabal Bheag nan Brecaig, though I've come past the woods many a time in the very stillest of even ings ; but then the girl in the Observer, per haps she has more imagination than I have — and more time to spend along the river side.' These mystifications seemed to puzzle old Granny Sinclair ; and yet she would keep thinking back to what she had been told of the youne lass who in these degenerate days had the courage to wear tli'e White Cockade. 'Maybe,' she said, 'maybe I am not understanding very well, Miss Eelin. Is it yourself that was walking through the Islands — and there was the young man that would be there to read his books— were you seeing him?' 'Bless me, Granny, you're as bad as my mother!' the young lady cried in an injured way. 'How often must I tell you that there's no real young man — it's only a kind of ghost, you know — and so is the girl of the White Cockade, if it comes to that. It's all nonsense | and make-believe. I don't know any young man who hauuts the Islands — I don't indeed ; the only person I know who is always there is Mr. Jameson, the keeper — curator I would call him if I were the town council — poor man, he's about out of his mind just now with rheu matism in his shoulder and I am going along this very evening with a new kind of embro cation to see if that'll do him any good. The idea that I would walk out to the Islands — or anywhere else — to meet any young man — — ' 'She was seeing him, if they were not speaking,' said the old daine, still vaguely thinking back. ' Yes, yes, the White Cockade girl ! Dftn't you understand? The White Cockade girl I may have been up at the islands and may ' have seen a young man pacing about under | the trees and reading a book, but that is all nonsense — that is what they call a romance and it really doesn't exist. Come, Granny, you must put all these fancies out of your I head — though I'm afraid I am responsible for ! putting them into your head, and you must take me to be just me and nobody else, and you mustn't imagine I would go out to the Itslauds expecting to find any young man , strolling about, whether he was a poet or only j a common person. I should think not indeed ? j And here we've been chatting and chatting nnd I haven't even read you the births, i deaths, and marriages yet— so let's eet to ' work !' I But this gossip about the young lady of the White Cockade had occupied much of her available time ; and when she had finished the J slow reading of the newspaper announcements —slow, so that Mrs. Sinclair might recognise any familiar name — she found that she must J hurry off home or be late for dinner. So she removed the tea-things; she brought the big firr»a l^iKla wliir»Vl wn.a fr.llft i\\\r] WinrhlanH woman's easiest reading, and placed it on the table along with her spectacles ; she took up the cushion, and generally put things to rights; and then, with many farewell admoni tions, crave and gay, she took her departure, leaving behind her in the solitary little room a prevailing atmosphere of thankfulness and satisfaction and content. When she got home she found she had only a few rniuutes in which to dress for dinner, but in this brief interval she managed to sup plement her costume with a novel form of decoration. This was an oval plaque cast in lead, some three and a half inches by t\yo and a half, and Bearing the following legend in bold relief:— PARISH OF HUNTLY No.ti. It was in fact one of the badges granted in former days by certain parishes in Scotland to superannuated and deserving persons, licensing them to beg within prescribed boundaries. Miss Eelin slipped a bit of blue ribbon through the hole at the top, she fastened the ribbon round her neck, i so that the beggar's warrant was sus- i pended in front ; and then she made haste i down into the dining-room, into which her mother had already proceeded her. They were I only the two of them at table; it was not often they had visitors. And at first the gentle and placid and ( Rinnnth-voieed Bean-an-Tiarhearn did not i notice ; but presently her eye happened to light on that ominous intimation and mute prayer. She knew what the dark medal meat. '? Really, Eelin,' she said in accents of hurt remonstrance, 'I don't know what to make of you ! Already ? — and this only the eighth of the month ! What do you do with your pocket-money ? I never see you buying the nick nacks that other girls get for themselves and yet your purse is always empty. I don't under stand it, except that you are incurably careless and extravagant.' The culprit said not a word ; doubtless she thought that silence was her best policy. And, indeed, when the elder lady had made a suffi cient show of annoyance and reproach she took out her purse and selected a sovereign and pushed it along the tablecloth. That was the signal for. Eelin of the wave-blue eyes. In a second she had jumped to her feet, the leaded medallion was thrown aside, and the next moment her arms were round her mother's neck. ? ? 'Dearest mammie, you're just goodness itself. And I know that money slips through my fingers ; I don't believe it's made of silver, or gold, or copper at all ; I believe it's made of the gossamer stuff you see on the hedges on the autumn mornings. But this- time— this time there will be a difference. Sixpence by sixpence — sixpence by sixpence ; you will be fairly amazed at the lasting powers of this sovereign. And .thank you, dear little mother, again and again. ' So that matter was happily settled. But there were other adventures lying in wait for Wild Eelin before she had got through with this evening. Chapter TV.— In Twilight Land. ? For she had promised to carry along to Mr. Jameson, the keeper of tho Islands, some sort of liniment of strange and startling efficaoy, and' she impatiently waited for . dinner to be over to be allowed to go. And of course the ever- timorous mother would have her take one of the maids with her: nod of course this daughter of a thoOTand Thanes, who had an excellent opinion ol her capacity to look after herself, would have none of such feeble escort. 'For the 6ako of appearances, Eelin,' said the gentle mother. 'Appearances?' she retorted proudly. 'I wonder who is to be judge of the conduct of any one going out from this house. Mother, mother,' the girl went on, 'sometimes it almost makes me laugh — but just as often I am nearer crying with vexation— to seo the w ay you submit to the airs and pretensions of the 6nobocracy of this town. You — you— with your cultivation and your knowledge of foreign cities and your friendship with famous people— you, to listen meekly to these pro vincial nobodies and have never a word of protest when they presume upon you with their ? bourgeois prejudices, their empty opinions, and their parochial ideas of precedence and importance and showing off. ' The dear princesses !' I don't believe any one of them ever saw a princess, except perhaps on a steamboat on the Caledonian Canal. And you, mother — you — when they are inflating themselves before you— why don t you quietly say to them, 'I saw something of the princesses when I was maid of honor to the Queen ; but of course they were much younger then; only they don't forget old friends; and why don't you take them up to the wall of your own drawing-room and point to this water-color and that water-color, with their inscriptions, and again you could say, ' You see thby don't forget old friends ? ' ' 'Eelin,' said the mother, half -laugh ing (but yet secretly inclined to be just a little bit pleased over the fierce indignation of her champion), 'if I were to do anything of that kind what would it be but self- assertiou, and what is self-assertion but the safest and surest mark of the parvenu all over the world ?' 'Oh, but, mummie, you do allow yourself to be jumped on so completely ? ' 'They might not find themselves so success ful if they tried the operation on you, Eelin,' the elder woman said with a smile. At this the sea-blue black-lashed eyes were opened wide. 'What are you talking about, mother? Me? But I am nobody ! I am nobody and nothing. I am like themselves. I am stupid and ignorant, and provincial like themselve3 ; they can jump upon me if they choose. But it is you— it is you, mother— when I see their presumption towards you— their thickheaded misunderstanding of your refinement, and your shy ways and the gracious qualities that just make all the world of a difference between you and them — then my blood boils, and sooner or later ? ' ' Yes— sooner or later ?'' said the Beanau Tighearn, now laughing outright. 'Sooner or later — when I see them imposing upon you with their affectations and gentiii ties, and professions of acquaintance with the fashionable world— well, I will give them a word or two of enlightenment. Yes I will. I will say to thorn 'Do you know who my mother is? — do you know who you are talking to '!' ' ' The grammar, Eelin !' ' The grammar's good enough for them ; it's the kind they're used to,' she replied disdain fully. ' Although I suppose there isn't one of them who wouldn't pretend to be able to correct your reading of Dante — yes, and give you a few hints about Spanish assonances— or be kind enough to tell you what was the proper way of addressing her Majesty ? ' ''And now, my dear Whiihvind,' said the slight silver-haired, gentle-mannered lady, rising from her place, 'now that you have finished your tirade against the highly re spectable society of Invernish— not that you know anything whatever about the people, for you won't go near them ? ' 'I would go near them soon enough if they would treat you with proper consideration !' the girl exclaimed. ' They are very good, kind, generous people — generous to a fault, for they keep sending you invitation after invitation, and you always make some excuse, and I have to go and leave cards for you. But now that your tirade is finished I suppose you have conclusively proved that you needn't take Agnes with you on your walk up to the Islands. Very well. Only you'd be better off at once. And don't stop talking to Mr. Jameson. And get home well before dusk.' And thus it was that when Eelin of the eyes like the sea-wave sallied forth from the house she was alone ; and this time she took her way up the river instead of down, making for the Islands that lie in mid-stream. But ' it wasna to meet Duniera's men' — no, nor yet any poet or provost's son. For she was an independent lass, was this one ; and held her head right high. It was about 8 o'clock, and the sun had set some twenty minutes before ; but in these latitudes there is an abundance of daylight at that hour in the early part of August. All along the west, over the wooded hills, there reigned a golden afterglow, fair, and peaceful, and serene, that had hardly anywhere a sug gestion of cloud ; but overhead in the pellucid oliie-grey there were a few saffron-tinted flakes, changeless and motionless, their soft and steady fire seeming to say that they could seo things unknown to the denizens of this nether world— that they were looking out to the wild conflagration going on among the Coolin peaks, and by the Bhores of Canna, and Uist, and Barra, and across tho flaming waters of the Atlantic to the splendors of the horizon line. Here, indeed—all around her, as she went on between the open fields and the rowans and alders borderiug the river — everything was quiet and tranquil, and inclined to become mystically pale. The glow from the west reflected . on the broad bosom of the stream was of a soberer tone ; and on the oily surface of the smoothly swingin^r current there were myriads of rapid, tremulous threads and streaks and touches of shadow, where the swift-chancing ripples caught the opalescent blue of the zenith. The trees, too, Beemed to be darkening somewhat ; one could imagine a trace of ' spectral mi6t through and behind the heavy masses of foliage. It was daylight, but not day ; there was something added— a something indefinite, illusory. In the all-pervading hush and draw ing on of the closing hours might not the cries of Little Isabel of the Bannocks come plain tively over from heights? Well it was not of little Isabel of the Ban nocks, nor vet of any golden-haired poet who might haunt these solitudes, that Eelin Macdonald was thinking as she left the hither side of the stream and crossed one small suspen sion bridge after another and followed the wind ing paths under the lofty trees and through the tangled brushwood of each successive island ; it was rather of the superlative merits of the embrocation she carried with her in her pocket ; and when at length she had reached the keeper's cottage, and when she had accom plished her mission— in the brisk, common sense, good-humored manner she could assume when she chose— then it \yas, and not till then, that Bhe began to look a little at her surround ings and consider what she should do next. The island^ are very attractive, no doubt ; and the Invernishians are properly proud of such an ingenious combination of publio park and natural wilderness, of clear brown swirls and eddies under the*overhanging hazels and alders and open and foaming white cataraots where artificial barriers divert the broad rush of the river. But then Bhe had just come round from' that direction ; and there might be a little variety- in going along the other hank and crossing by the Wg .suspension bridgeifurther down ; moreover, there, wbuld be ample ti ma for her i;o get Jiome before d'uak; andfib, finally,' ' ?'? .' . ''^??v'^t'; '.-^','*-r'-if';'-V'-:vV*:''-»i-':'^ '?':::.?' ? ? ? : ? — ? ' * -. ..?.-.;? without* thought of harm— without definite V;' intention, of any kind— she held on her Bolilttry ?', way. And for her, indeed, it promised to be a - sufficiently solitary way. For though she was now facing towards the town and had in sijrht about a mile of both banks of the Niah with the town itself closing intfhe vista — tb« towera of the cathedral, the bridges across the wide water, the scattered houses and gardens, and dominating the whole the lofty Castle-hill with its baronial walls and parapets — and not withstanding that the peaceful hour might have been expected to tempt the good folk out from their homes— there were remarkably few people to be seen — only a single figure or a single couple here or there in the distance. She. re called that afterwards. It was & rather picturesque scene before her, but it was almost an untenauted one. And this web how the miracle of transformation came to bo wrought. She was passing behind some trees and bushes— about the last of them on tins bank — when she suddenly heard one small boy call to another — ' Here, Jock, Jock !— he's got a fesh !' She could not see the small boys, bat (unless one of them was a liar) she knew what had happened, so she instautly pushed her way through the hazel branches and the still more perplexin / briars, until she could look out and down upon the broad river. She had antici pated correctly. Some way out and well over his waist in the water was an elderly man, who with a flat cap and tassel, might have been taken for a Georgian schoolboy, or with a diver's helmet would have looked as if he had just come up from the bottom, so bulgy and capacious were the indiarubber waders that he wore up to his armpits, and the top of hi» salmon-rod was steadily bent (no curve of beauty invented by any artist of old was 6T»r half so beautiful as that curve) ; while he him self was struggling to back out of the heavy current and yet not daring to detadh his.afcten tion from tho line. 'Hold on to him, Fergus!' cried Wild Eelin jeerinjrly, for she plainly recognised his predicament. He must have known her voice, he and Miss Eelin being old and familiar friends ; bub he paid no heed to her ; he did not even turn his head when he had successfully made his way ashore and warsled up on the grass. He had enough to occupy him. Most likely he had been fishing this pool for several days, hour after hour, morniug and evening, without getting a single rise to his fly ; aud now that he had induced one of the coy creatures to 1 accept a Dunkeld, or a Silver Doctor, or a Durham Ranger, he was not going to waste any of his thoughts on a laughing-eyed, saucy minx who had come along to look over his shoulder, as it were. Especially at the be ginning of the fight, when all was as yet un certainty. Now it is to be observed that at the opening of these proceedings there was only four spectators — that is to say, the fisherman, Fergus Dunn, the daughter of the House of Kinvaig, and two nameless and bare-footed laddies. And the town was a mile away, and it was past 8 o'clock, and the surrounding country had appealed deserted. And yet very soon Miss Eelin, who could not help tarrying to witness this silent duel between Fergus and the fish, became vaguelj conscious that several people had congregated around her — behind her on the grassy bank and up on the gravelled pathway — and every yard or two that the salmon retreated down the river this unknown concourse, mysteriously augmenting itself every moment, also moved forward. At first she gave the scattered crowd no heed, becauEe it was mostly invisible to her, and all her atten tion was concentrated on the point where the lino touched the water ; but pre sently this ever-increasing assemblage had extended up and down until it seemed to encompass the fisherman and his young com panion. Whence and whither had these people come, then, on this still, voiceless, vacant evening? Had they sprang out of the bowels of the earth ? There was a boil on the surface of the current. Boom ! went a murmur of excite ment through the mass of spectators. Aud yet truly this was but a poor-spirited fish ; it would not show any kind of fight ; it merely sulked at the bottom from time.to time and then Qcrnin it wnillH fall Hnwn \Lrihh f.hft ofraam making it a matter of calculation as to how long it would take td*reach the sea. ' A sluggish one that, Fergus;' said the girl, who was following him step by step. ' Beggars maunna be choosers, Miss Eelin,' responded her friend ; salmon of any kind being prized in these waters. And meanwhile the small multitude that had doubtless been perceived from the Castle hill had grown with incredible rapidity to a great multitude — old men aud youug, lasses and lads, message-boys, grave townsfolk, strangers in tourist attire ; why, even the nurses at the infirmary opposite had come fly ing across the garden to peer through the rail ings at the uu wonted turmoil. All along the banks and out on to the suspension bridge these eager swarms of folk clustered, with eyes glowering through the gathering dusk at the oily breadth of river ; it was a nervous crowd, expectant, quick to answer and warn and assert among its composite members ; while even the dogs had become quite excited by the general forment, aud were careering hither and thither, yelping and barkiug. Then every new-comer— every unit added to the dense accumulation — had to be informed ; and had plenty of informants. 'It's only a sea-trout '.' Baid one contemp tuously. He was a fool. 'It's a twenty-pounder — I saw him maself wnen ne jumpea oiic oi tne water r anotuer maintained, thinking to gain importance. He was a liar. \ ^, .. ' ' There's no half enough strain on the line !' ? ^ said a third. He was& critic — and a fool and ; a liar, all combined. ? ? ? ? . '. 'Teach your grandmother! There's, not a :.';?' better fisherman than Fergus Dunn' in the :-,: whole of Invernish-shire !' ' ' . ;?'.'?:? ' Keep out o' the way there, you laddies !'. . ?.;?';;.; 'Haud back— haud back! Gie: the man a ??ii^.j chance.' ' . '?'.;?????:.'??' ?£.%',) ' I'm sayin', will naebody pa' in they_ &—r~rd. rV-'.Ti:: dogs?' This outburst of righteous indigb&-'','V^ ion was addressed to the crowd atilarge by.- ';; ;^ an irate old carters wlio appeared txt hay'e|;one; -. iv' half outof his mind with sympathetic anxiety-.. -ii 'Ah— ah I Look— look! There— there^-i .v-,1 there1 !'— a thousand exclamations broke forth ,-,':: simultaneously when twice the sluggish salmoa- ?£££-; rolled over and showed itself on the. surface; q-^j and then there was an all-absorbing scrutiny ; v.v : to see that the lined still held. . .-?Jt It was the strangest spectacle — none- stranger , ? ;. }, of its kind could be found anywhere else in ??--') the Queen's dominions;, the wan twilight ?..'':?' gradually coming over the castled hill and the :;? town and the hanging woods, but leavingthe .', wide stream of a curious metallic hue ; the dark -??, assemblage, slow-moving and murmuring; the, ;!^; nucleus of this nebulous . gathering a little. ,'_;'? elderly man who was being steadily drawn ?'-, down to the sea by a stubborn fish, his com* ' ;A panion a young girl who .was .ei.ther'oarried'OD^ :,»'';;;' Btep by step, by the keenness of her interest .uj-S-'-^i the struggle, or who was' too^ptoud to' aoK%5^«- '*:f ;^ ledge the existerioe oi this gee^;cpnppwsoiiur;.'4j.i^ rounding her. Then; came^h e _? thnlfe|fir^^ moment of- the bridge; 'and *^3len. old -.^igila -i-Hva was seen to descend into/.thei water aftAWi*?: ?-;.-? follow the fish underneath vtl»ere; were. f^elf-;-; exclamations.. ?-?'???..- .'? .??'-?'.:v:.',,: 'V^. 'f;-::'r '?' '^ 'Theman'll!d'rowiiJiHii?eKl'..-j'-..'*:-)^-'-^ .'-*? He .canna hold baok afeaujst that wjjoht o* ; watteBy',-; '. . .-''?' :? '?'-,'*? -''/ ' vV-' -'/'?'..-? ''-???? ???'flrfllbeintoahole!'!.;^ . v i^V -*T *? «* '???????3Uar away? He kens ever, stone pn -tlijr1'-,-':-.' h'oihtom'as well's he ken8:the High-str'eet .?£ .'-.; ? i^ ' 'He cwrna follow— ifs no possible t Indeod it fseemed a perilous exploit for the river was high, and bero the confined current charged furiously through; but Fergus, cautiously groping with footaftev foot, made ! oTand on until tiio mass of spectators over his head bad to rush from one Bide of the bridge to the other. And still the tackle held } tod stall the obdurate salmon, trusting solely to the weight of the strearnond not tiring itself i by any dramatic flourishes, kept retreating and 'retreating, and still the mystical twilight deepened all wound until hero and there through the gardens of the adjacent villas, the golden alar of some newly-lit lamp trembled and gleamed* As tor Wild Eolin, forgetful of time, place, and' circumstances, the overpowering fascina tion of the pursuit held her captive ; and old Fergus, who had returned to the bank after getting uadwaeash the bridge, addressed to her a word now and again, as if assuming sue would not desert him, but see out this aaven turetothe end. Besides, there waa an inde scribable glamour, witchery, diablerie about the scene all around her now that the darkness was closing down; the sombre, half -silent assemblage seemed a phantasmal land or thing; the spectral light on the water appeared to come from no earthly source. Of a sudden there was a low cry from the crowd : the fish had shown itself ngain— even through that ashen glare on the surface of the current 'The white feather at last! 'Dod, he'd better take care-Fergus Dunn 3 ofter 'ml' , „, 'The dour deevil— he'll be off yet ! And again be showed— this time sailing somewhat nearer the bank. Fergus took a firm stand, reeling up tight. Bv this time they were all of them down in the suburbs oliii vernish, and servants at attic windows and their mistresses at front doors were straining their eyes out into the dusk wondering _at the tumult. At length and unexpectedly t ergus turned to his companion — 'Will ye take the rod now, Miss Eelin t There was hardly any opportunity for hesi tation and Ehe was a fearless kind of creature ; the next second she had got the rod in her left ;hand and the fingers of her right on the reel, 1 while old Fergus was creeping and crouching ' down by the water-side with a formidable steel instrument in his grip. -Tho hum of the people had almost oeased— they seemed to dread lest their talking, their very breathing, might work some mischief. Inch after inch Fergus crawled jUong ; ,Eelin was putting on all the strain she $ared ; then there was a gradual gi\ ing in and giving in — her fingers busy with the reel as if nor very life depended on it; finally came a quick stroke oi the galf, aud the next moment the 6ah, in the fading light, was seen to be safe on the bank. The whole multitude seemed to give one sigh of relief and satisfaction, and the pent-up flood of excited talk broke loose, each man turning to his neighbor with a triumphant look as if he himself had been through the long contest and come out the happy victor. And now for Miss Eelia arrived the reaction. When she had surrendered the rod and bade good-night to Fergus she turned and set out for home, and the crowd courteously made way for her to pass. She went back to the suspension j bridge, which was now almost empty ; she j crossed over to the other side, and then she , sped away like a ghost through the crepuscu- J lar gloom. There was no longer any intoxi- 1 eating eagerness of interest, no proud disregard of bystanders, no wilful self-reliance. A certain ehillineasof reflection liad supervened. There was in ominous question occupying her mind aud momentarily assuming larger dimensions ; and | the question was this— What the shy, gentle natured, decorous Bean-an-Tighearn think when told that her daughter Eelin had acted as gillie for an old fisherman in full view of the assembled populace of Invernish, to say nothing of the hotel tourists from the south ? Nay, Eelin herself could now recall (with a burning forehead) that at the very moment she took the rod from old Fergus she distinctly heard one English stranger say to h is companion, ' Why, it's better than a theatre :'' She would have liked to kill that man. I ? ! Now amongst those who had made way to let her go through tho crowd was a rather good looking young fellow- tall, fair-haired, with refined features and somewhat timid grey eyes —who seemed considerably struck by her ap pearance. He was daring enough— in the dim half darkness no one could notice him— to let his regard follow her while she remained in sight And then he turned to his neighbor, who was waiting to see the ten -pounder tied head and tail. 'Do you know who that young lady was':' lie ventured to ask. The lad— who looked like a tradesman's messenger, and doubtless was acquainted with everybody — stared at his confession of ig norance. 'That?' said he, 'was Miss JLicdonaid, of Kinvaig .'' (To be continued.) 