The Petersburg Times and Northern Advertiser FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1898. COMPLIMENTS OF THE SEASON. " Christmas comes but once a year, and when it comes it brings good cheer," is a time-honoured sentiment which has lost none of its force with the swift passage of the years that come and go, and which serve to act as the milestones in the journey of life. It is a sentiment moreover which appeals to the best instincts of human nature, and may the time be far distant when its influence for good on the lives of men shall lessen. There is a subtle power embodied in the word Christmas which stirs the memory with thoughts of home and arouses the best feelings and ideas in the minds of even the most callous. To those advanced in years no doubt retrospect is often tinged with sadness as they, to quote Southey's well-known lines, Still remember with a sigh The days that are no more, but if such thoughts have a somewhat saddening effect they have also their bright side. The kindly feelings and expressions to which the festive season gives birth have an effect that is far-reaching and which does much to brighten our surroundings. In spite of themselves men find they are obliged to yield to the mystic spell which seems to be cast over them at this season, and find them selves partakers in the mirth and gladness which surround them. Even the churlish and flinty-hearted old Scrooge, so admirably portrayed by Dickens, came at length to realise the full meaning of the phrase " A Merry Christmas," and. was altogether a better and altered character as a result of his enlightenment, and doubtless there are many in real life who have found the spell of Yule-tide just as potent and who have had similar experiences. That Christmas has so long held its sway as the holiday of the year par excellence may perhaps be attributed to the fact that this festival is so intimately connected with associations of home—our own special word, which has no equivalent in any other language. It is a time essentially for the reunion of families and the gathering together of friends who have long been sundered—a time when heart meets heart and hand grasps hand, and old ties are revived in all their force and intensity. Certainly in these sunny regions many of the recognised environments of the Christmas tide are unknown, but the happy picnicers under the shadow of the Southern Cross enter into the spirits of their Christmas just as fully as do those who spend theirs besides the welcome glow of the sputtering yale log and re-tell well-worn ghost stories or join in the gloomy old ballad "The Misteltoe hung in the Castle Hall" by the dim firelight. While, however, our Xmas differs in many points from that of the old land all the best traditions and customs connected there- with are preserved and perpetuated religiously. The good old fairy Santa Clans, the patron saint of the children, remembers alike his little worshippers whose Christmas Eve is spent in the heat of summer and those who at the same time are living amongst the chilly blasts of winter. The gifts from his wonderful bag gladden thousands of little hearts and their happiness adds to the zest of the enjoyment of those surrounding them and makes the festival a brighter and happier one all round. Truly the myth of Santa Claus and his bag is one which the children could ill afford to spare. There is, however, another phase of the approaching season which it is most important to observe, and that is the feeling of goodwill and remembrance of others. There are little ones in this town to whom Xmas will only bring disappointment, for Santa Clam will have nothing for them, and there are homes where Christmas cheer will be an unknown quantity. By the assistance of their more fortunate fellows much might be done to help the needy ones to realise the brightness of the festive season, and those who thus carry out the true spirit of the Christmastide will find that in helping others they have found the highest and purest enjoyment of all. With the advent of Christmas comes the thought of the closing year, which will soon be gathered in by the sickle of old Father Time. The passing bell of 1898 will soon be tolled, and the dirge will act as a reminder that the wonderful Nineteenth Century is full of years and nearly ripe for the harvest, though probably not a few make its age a year more than it really is, a mistake which has been made by several authors—giving the last year of the century as 1899 instead of 1900. The beginning of the year that is just drawing to an end was of course ushered in withtheusual bright hopes and expectations but the bitter disappointment which it has brought to our brave-hearted producers in the North is one which it would need the optimism of a Mark Tapley to bear with equanimity. Let us hope that when in a few days the bells again Ring out the old, ring in the new their chimes will mark the commencement of a year that will make full atonement for the shortcomings of its predecessors by bringing again to the colony generally a season of prosperity, and which will prove to be the first of the cycle of "filling" years we so much need. This being our last issue during the present year we wish our readers one and all A MERRY CHRISTMAS AND A HAPPY NEW YEAR. 