A REPENTANT GHIOST. " So you- actually believo in ghosts ?" re narked Charlie laorvr.inlerrogatively,with anll ,mount of flippancy in his tone, cl nitn atotseud mile on his oather boyish lace, to his elder and b no0e sedate friend Ilobeot Forder, as they sat ogetber in the foromur' comfortublu bacheolr i 'noms one evening t'wards the close of the last nonth of the year, discussing a choice blend of whisky (judiciously commingled with Ipoets), nd. blowing curly blue wreaths from unim-. e racehable cigaes. c " I am bound to belavoe l them,"retlled tbe' thebr in all seriousness. it " What P Do you meoan to say that you have Io een one P,' f " Decidedly ; I may say I almost owe Illy l rife to a Spook." " Come, I say, old man, draw it a little nild I" " I'll tell you the story if you like. But mind, a l very rarely imdion the subject. I don't care i shout it talked about enywhbroand everywhere. 'ou understand ?" " Perfectly," said Charlie, all eegerness for ihe recital. " Go ahead. I'll be as mum as t.a-a what's its uame." " Well, you must know before I secured t ;through the influence of my father-lu-law) my b ?resent position as mnunagur ol the batik bhere, I was lpursuig the calling of ar accountant i0 Osrehester. After three year' hard labour I orgetn to teel my fret and think I might venture to ask a certain yonog lady to share my futuret lot. 1 was tolerably sure that I should meet with no rebuff front nmy darling, but there was a stear parent to be reckoned with. " I bad made tbe cquaitntance of Mr. Mlatthew Turnover, head of the resnect(al a id old crusted bonking-house of Turonover lBro there,and Checkwell, through orditnay buinolea intercourse, and we became in time on quite intimate terms. I frequently spent my Suoo. days at his charming renidence in the park. lie had an only dlaughtor, Eleanor. The rest you will readily underetand. Well, I put the momentous questina to the dear girl aud achieved the success t plead guilty to have been vain euough to antioipate. "Then followed the ineviabloe interview with papa. Ile evinced us surprise whuo I told hint my tale, as many fathers do after being tumanelves the prime movers it brigingo two ilpreneiomable young pueplo together. lit was straightforward enough. Told ms, al though he had qurtainly obherisod more ambih tious views fur his only child, it was not his in. tention to try to enforce his ideas if they were likely to interfere with his daugh. toer's hapliuess. Still, he was bound to consider the important que?u. lion of ways asld means, and thotigh he admitted I had lmadu rapid and oubtautlia progress I my professon--if such it coold hb called-he at the same time did not considet the income I was then earning suffieenatly large to justify me in taking upon myself the rFs potsibility of a wife and probable coatitngeoieo. i" He wound up by saymig : "' Althlough Eleanor, as you know. is n only child, she will not malerially beaetl through mo on her marriage, as it is my fixcl intention to withdraw no sum o cousequoonco from the bank. Mly share of the prollta-e-x capt so much of it as I require to live upon romains in the concern until my time eontues ot quitting this world, then, of course, Elemano will inherit what I shell leave behind me. But God be thoanked, l atuwell and hearty, and may reasonably look forward to ten or lillteen yra, longer of useful life. lly advice therefore tt .you, is go ou working as you have done hlthloI. to, and, in three years say, you can broael the subject again, and if Elly should be still in the same mind regarding yourself, why we nay perhaps see If matters cannot be arranged. Ih the meantime, there will be--at nll events ot my part-no difference in our friendship; there's my hand upon it.' " You may guess I did not feel estravagantl) ouhilant over the arrangement. 'bThree yeao seemed an awful long time to wait. But I ha' the fullest faith in Elesaur's cosataocy. Hoew ever, I will get oto to e finish; I don't wish to bore you with too many personal details. ".About eight months had gonu by, when one day Ia the middle or Decemaber. Mr. Turnorel hastily entered my unpretentious oflice, The old gentleman appeared greatly agitalod, and it was some moments altar being seated that lhe was able to speak. " I anxiously inquired if he were ill, or was anything wrong at home P " ' No-no one ill,' he said, slowly. " The bhank hasm been robbed.' " ' Robbed I' I exclaimed. ' Phew I Hare the thieves beetn caught P' '"* You don't understand. The robbery in frolo inside. The chief cashier.' ".'What I lradley P' I cried, in the greatest astonusbment. " The peosant cashier was a Sunday school tea or, regular hobpel-goer, and I doon't know what bealdes. "' Ay I The smooth.tongued hypoorite,' said Mr. Turnover, with consdlerable eInildhali. ' And he's got a good twenty.four hours' start. lie was away on short leave,' " ' What is the amount P' I saked,. "' A very cotslderble sunm in, lonvUrtil'lb securities uafurtnalsely. Anything like thie euaCt amount, however, is not yet known. That is mainly why I have come to you.' a ITou tme P' " VYue, I want you t soole to thie Ibak and go through the nooks-hits btok? , you khoos t --as esapediltlously as posOile, WVe wlah tu keepl a the affair ec.ret-that is, tno long as p1oeaihll, SWill yotu come P' , AnId lMr. Turnover regarded iine otlonely. "T hen tllllinking, piirllohlp, I seeondll l It heal tate, he added, sigaillcantly, O It may le worth your while.' '' I stin tit your service, Itlr. T'lrnover,ll' I , lstoutly rrplietl. ' h'len ol you wslh on to' be. I gi P' i* , n.ighll t. Are yot willing tIo work let.' P I InntIato,ini atl,a ll tllghlt II nic e ary I ' IllI .Iy l S do fUllt this Ietllllr P' "i Yoti llly .lttittlttooi n III i natll way yoltt Slike, ?r. 'lI'lrl ,vtl.o r,' I m. l. 'tl rut th Il tell, ao I ,l t lla o hahrl a'e an llry in lei l thlaL I illlght Bl ellh, I , ask a lfavouI r ic hlloo h rI , tlr.I ln oftlr till pre.elt anlt,)ill business wan liver and d gsl, ., liy r..t1i.i. fitheir in- law rune fin, ilia seni t,. a ol slii t , mioalt vory lao ed ol iaty. ltl, Ca. llatto slo t1 i It i tte sat ret,,ltly, lhemtee weo ea soe1 oly otitIII rlrdiclulll Ilu lilad h lt itdu t e-II lesI, I t h tdt I l l'll I l mr hlu , hIuhlllah It b. y th h!ioninopolitan Il?tel, tIt ln shlarpl antl we will I wa 1t Ita plist sItolot, stl jut 55 lIt IIhrat sthtek of thie hoult rang nlto un the clamo l reelsly ale, iiid was sIllst hlitIhoontotely jUhiedt 'It fI.Oy.t!To!joaO, S Ae soon as we wesro eated in the bank par. , lour Mr. Turnover hended me a letter,remarking that the missing Bradley buhad caused it to bq or delivere'l in a somewhat mysterious usnceer. SWhebrn I read the note Mr. Tournover asked Is my opinion of it. I said = t Phe freloteiscool certatl y,but I infer from I what he writrs-if it is the truth, of conrse- - that there has been no systoimaticembs'elmont golug torward for some time ; that, in foot, he eommitnted bi theft in a sudden It of tcnptol to tion. I see ohe etntions sixty.right hllousandl.' .' Ye, that is quite enough without the probahility of more having to be added to it. I traut your s?urmiao will turn out curreot. Lot us get to work without delay.' " We worked unremittingly till ten, failing to discover any defnlcatioios beyond those ael readty known. This was so far saatisfatory that it Mr. Turnover confessed be felt mach rolieved and suggealed an adjournmrnt to a neighbour-* ing first-class hotel-his club being too fur away-to recruit exhauolte nature. " We were let out by the bank carutaker t through u small Aide door, and told him to re. A main up till we returned. ' Ilaving douu.justice to an excellent little I cold snoau, washed down by a bottle of vwry excellent pist. I told my comprlanion there was no ineed whatever for him to go back to the bank with me, as I could do well enough with. out him-at all events for the remainder of tthat night. lie assented, telling me not to stay very late. " When I got to the bank. I set to my task with renewed vigour, still failing te discover extended uvideirce of guilt in the ablocnding cashier's book. Ity .thisni,,.tm alah.ooah.h.. iigihtt-itbhl out~slde, the ron t wras working io began, by reaon of the manoygas ja br hrou ing, to grow uncomfortably wane. I began to feel drowsy, and at a quarter.past twelve by the small elock on the mantelpiece, I dropped into an inviting easy chair, and felt extremely I like dropping as well into a prolonged (lose, but as I had no intention that way, I strugglhd against thelinolination by raising my heavy eye. I lids at frequent lutervals. " I heard a neighbouring church cloak boon forth the midoight hour, and. opening my eyes, was just on the point of rising romn my com. . fortable position with the intention of rrsuming I work for another half hour, whbn I saw some. thleg that deterred me ;'kept me, in fact, spell. bound in my seat. There,right before me a few yards away, appeared the spectral form of Wostoott Bradley, the defsulting cshier. " There was a sad-I might almost describe itbas a ohastened look on the ghastly faee as though the spirit was exiteriencing lrofoound contrition for some misdeed the body had com. mitted during lite. " I once more closed my eyes, thinking that ,when I looked again the thing would have van. ishbed. Iut no I There was the shadowy figure commencing to' retreat slowly backwards, its transparent samt raised, the fleshets hand with its bhony lingers beckoning men to follow. It re. minded meo of Ilnmlet and the ghpst on the castle ramparts, only I assure you I felt prteious little like the impetouns Prince; I required no holding back. I tried to speak, but the words I framed with my dry litps were iunaudible even to myself. As soon as the shade reached the open door Ieading into the main room, I arusu mechasoiully an though inlpelled by some unseen power, and went with bated breath after the still slowly retreating appari. tion. It continued to wave its ghostly hand until the massive lion door which led td the vault below, where the bullion and securities were kept in huge safes,ur rather strong roons, was reached. I quito r xpected to aee the (gutee melt away in the ortholox manner. Int a trifling obstruction of this kind was s no barrier to the molancholy spirit of the peccent cashier. With an intense liUgering last look of augtuish ant a final wave of the arm more emphatic than Irovliously, lt simply, as it seemed to my be. wildered gate, backed through the solid Irour work. I eau sssure you I felt considerabhly re lieved on being rid of the Apparition. Further work was, of eoursr, ont o the question, so I summoned the caretaker to let nme out, impart. ieg nothing whatever to hint regarding the strange experinence had just gone through. " Next morntog I called upon ilr. Turnover before he left homse, acnd recounted to him what hal taken place in his batk the nighlt before. I was not its the least surptisrd at my story Le* ing rrcerved with a smile of incredulity. "' ' My dear Forder,' said the worthy, but un believing banker, ' you, of course, fell asleep in the chair anud dreamed all this.' "' Nothing of the kind, I enure you, Mr. Turnover,' I oaswered, warmly. " Stull, the old gentleman remained uncoon vinced. " *Remember,' he went on banteringly, ' you had partaken of supper and wine- generous old port P' " Hlowever, to bring my story within reason. able boulds, I will just say that by the time we had arrived at the hubank I had almost convinced ir,. Turnover that I had seen the glhost of his delinquent servant; and he agreed, at my rn. quest, that we should visit tLe vault together. * though surely,' observed he, ' you don't espect to eunconnter your sad-faced Spook again, so early in the day P' " When we had got down below and turned up the gas, for. Turnover procededtoup, n two large upright safes standing against the wall. ' Everything seems as usual,' he remasrked, after surveying the Interiors. *Your spirit evidently had ts particular tale to unfold, even if you had been able to accompany hlhi here last night.' '" 'Why did it beckon to me no earnestly in this directions ' I remarked. ' lit the way,' I added quickly, as my sceplical colupeiona went about securing the safes again,' what of the big one over there to the left l aren't you going to open that P' "* Oh,' he answeard cardlesely, ' that is an old one not in use I lsn ant balen itoed, I should any,fot aererl years. It s enlpty,' ", 1 sutppoe there is no objection to me bhar. Ing a preop inside P' " ' Not ithe alighteat. There I the key on the wall there I' '* I handed it to him, and h sat once inserted it in the look, while, I stand by ready to pull the maoalve door saide, ' al)sur nme,' remanrked Mrf, 'urnuuover, in our. trire, 0s the walds wurhled quite eraly, ' I c erlainlly exrpeted sool diliLikulty.' "i I palled at thl heavy door, which swulog luite alouthbly, joist ns II it llad been spuel daily with the others. oTh onuxt iominilt na rSclsteuntii oil hortrild ansrptriose full froml tho slobker lipn, as huetarttedbohu, koveuralu iaplr fIron o bolus, the front of the aqfe. " I Inotantly tprngll forw.rd tromol hhinllild hII' i potnilsluetuila r, n ln o ft lhmoll ot to111 oironethi011 nly os thtlo i--i l)lowo ' olllIttIol Pyes. " Wrll otiiht the nhil gothiiaon he otrongly ainifetod I "' Tllere, on th11,1 cirr,,11.rlll,a Ied 1l,'p,'t w I th~e S flhor tof hthel oat i, hy otie hudolhit n looii'U t ,Ie n ioou, o ho Il r? t ro ditorlto i olld oll ooll 1hinl, ton t000 ll0 n 'iL e v tt l i 1 oiilttl ll po0ll ut00 . loug lhImInp ' 0h'iived hoiw ihllt i l ilo i Ii)orsihlh ollltth to,', aulloooatllo, ii itnrtity h I " I iaololniol , Ian h00 0110 I coiht il tl? hlir lth ii nii nlgli. "* ton., it ion WiliMc t lonosilhy,' sn1,t Mr, t' ltlonvel, t a lowiy. h itky otwidot r. I" T'lhel' 0.on n ol on1hblt 1h1o t it. T'0lu rlkl ll . o1111 op ol, .h o11 oo1 o w ill,'| h l l ?otlili o l 11o g tatit the iortal l inaln ellll t e111 nIMI who 11aI lbe* tioynln i hn tlit rodll.l lo ' I l bIii h00 0 0 L i00 l00h0lo lien, \otlhi , n ln0l Inoll oou, o thi i li l,111111 n ouii O Itn p1 1t, tl , se lth Ilhe+ I llnlr1 1r iniq1u1(1 ,ryp).1 nlrti I strong obulky hIrlll1.1 I,,0l oc 000I Iho iiiiIolingii tle o vl, elrd iaetla t oll thie nilhrlltar' e IItIriouio)I . tioios wirn oittoveredl, lo tlen IIniik rnally hiot llothnhlg, aimd I galinsed it oirinool wile a grool dtal 0 souuer lth lis I antild lot hn rwlr hnoll ve dooone, Mr, Turnurer wras kild nsuingl tuay tlah,ua I aild belen Ue aoll of reteereing the beak'l mioslllg ecilitieC, I oughlt to have my arword. I git it, and hLve uwve regruetted for a sigeo moment til?g lt; Nothing u?cuoh was olicitld at tihe iquost except the information thrit.the lock of ti cldis.usecd strong room worcked lprilg wise, adi it wos coInjectured- that Br.Cd. Icy, who had evidently been ctsilcg the safre o his ow0 Ipurpose, had olelned the 'Jor. ithn hullg cp tho key il It? noteustomcd Iplace. gcce illcldc , nd Io t miolmnenO of forgetfelno lets the door comee oc the eprligc ad coI modte tie receltaole for concealcngb hi plulnder his liviog tomb." 