Intercolonial Catholic News. (From our Exchanges .) The Cardinal's Secretary. — The Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, who has been in any thing bnt good health of late, left Sydney on "Wednesday, March 23, for a fortnight's " holiday. A Reminiscence op Cardinal Moran. —The Rev. Henry Bakker, of the diocese of Melbourne, was, at St. Mary's Cathe- . dral on Saturday morning, March 19, or dained priest by the Cardinal Archbishop. Father Bakker left at once for Melbourne. Here it is worthy of note that the Cardinal Archbishop of Sydney, on the Feast of St. Joseph, March 19, 1853, was ordained priest in Rome. For the fourteen years that followed, the Cardinal's (then Pro fessor Moran) life was that of a scholar and director of students and priests. He was in 185(o appointed vice-president of the Irish College, under the late Archbishop Kirby, and also occupied the important position of Professor of Hebrew in the College of Propaganda. While in Rome he devoted himself to the study of the Irish historical records, both religious and political, stored away in the archives of the Vatican and in the houses of the Franciscans, the Carmelites, and other religious orders. Mainly as the result of his loving labours in this direction, Irish literature has been enriched by no less than twenty works fiom his pen, all of which prove how unwearied must have been his .researches, and how extensive his discoveries among the hidden, and almost forgotten, treasures of Irish history. Departure op the Rev. B. Caret. — Father Bernard Carey, who has been nine years on the Australian Mission, seven of them spent in Sydney, left for Ireland by the mail steamer India on Wednesday, March 23. It is, we believe, the rev. gentleman's intention to join the Redemp- torists. Father Carey was born at Rath- keale, County Limerick, and educated at Black Rock (congregation of the Holy Ghost), and the Diocesan College, Lime rick. He came to Australia nine years ago, and worked for two years in Victoria before being attached to the Sydoey diocese. A Plea por Catholic Newspapers. — The Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Wil- cannia, in his Lenten Pastoral writes as follows: To preserve the faith in the rising generation ' and to stem the tide of in- clifferentism, Catholic schools and a Catho- lic atmosphere in the home are necessary. Is it not true that many houses of Catholics cannot be called Catholic homes? The parents do not give good example to their children by a punctual attendance at Holy Mass on Sundays and by the recep tion of the Sacraments; the Rosary or evening prayer is never heard; there is no Catholic newspaper in the home. There are many books perhaps in the home library of a dangerous or indifferent nature, but few, if any, Catholic books are to be found. Human respect has banished the crucifix and religious pictures from the Home. Is it any wonder that the children brought up in such a home grow up to be Catholics in name and swell the ranks of indifferentism ? We , look forward to a combined effort being made during the year to promote the circulation of Catholic newspapers and the diffusion of Catholic literature, and I would earnestly ask the whole-hearted co-operation of priests and people for this worthy object. 1 Madame Albani. — The famous vocalist, Madame Albani, called at the residence of His Grace the Archbishop of Adelaide, at Glen Osmond, on Wednesday, March 16, but Dr. O'Reily was not at home. On Monday evening His Grace, who is a keen and enthusiastic critic of music, attended the performance of " Messiah," and. during the week left his card at the York Hotel, where Madame Albani is staying. Obituary. — Much sympathy is felt towards the Ven. Archdeacon Russell, who has received a cablegram conveying news of the death of his sister, Mrs. Moore, relict of John Moore, Esq., of Moattown, County Westmeath, Ireland. The deceased lady w».s a sisfcfir-im-law of the Verv Rev. .T. Moore, S.M., President of All Hallows ; College, and of the late Mother Mary : Teresa Moore, foundress of the Dominican Order of Nuns in Adelaide. By the death j of Mrs. Moore Archdeacon Russell loses the i only remaining member of his family. I — R.I.P. I Death oe Sister Mary Jerome. — The nuns of the Order of the Good Samaritan ! at Port Pirie recently sustained a severe ! loss in the death of one. of their community, i The order established itself in that town in January, 1870. The late Rev. Mother- General resided at Port Pirie up to a short time before her death, but she was just able to return to Sydney, and died at the Mother House in that city. The nun whose decease we (Southern Cross ) chronicle was the first to die at the Port Pirie Convent. Her name in religion was Sister Mary Jerome. Before she entered the order she was known as Miss Mary Pon- chard. She was a native of Wangaratta, Victoria, and was about 34 years of age at her death. She was a most devoted and active religious, and was engaged in teach ing and other works up to a week previous to her demise on Monday, March 14. — R.I.P. Orange and Green. — At the St. Patrick's Day luncheon in Adelaide, the : Hon. L. O'Loghlen presided, and was sup- ! ported by the Archbishop, the Hon. J. V. ! O'Loughlin, the Mayor of Adelaide, and a ! large number, of the clergy. The chairman ; proposed " The Day We Celebi'ate." His Grace the Archbishop, who was received : with applause, responded. He said that j somewhere in the neighbourhood of Glas- ' gow, or of some other Scotch city, there : was a lunatic asylnm, and one of the pad docks of the asylum abutted on the rail way line, being separated from it by a low fence. The better behaved inmates of the institution were allowed access to the pad dock. One ' day a party of Irish navvies . were working on the line, and as usual three or four lunatics were looking over the fence. " I say, mate," said one of the lunatics, " that's rather a hard job. Pretty stiff." " Yes." " May I ask how much you are getting for a job like that?" . " Eighteen bob a week." " Not much pay." I " No." " Are you a married man ?" . " Yes." " Any children ?" " Yes, I have ; six children." " H'm. A married man, ; six children, and eighteen bob a week. I Mate, I think you are on the wrong side j cf the fence." (Laughter.) That morning : a man had accosted him (the Archbishop), and told him he was on the wrong side of the fence. He pointed to the yellow badge on his coat, and said that it did not ! harmonise with the green. The two ! colours, he said, were antagonistic politi- ! cally. He (the Archbishop) thought they j looked well together, and replied, " Don't ! you think that in this free country a man i can wear what he likes ?" The little yel- ! low and green badge was presented to him every year on St. Patrick's Day by the nuns of the Dominican Convent, and his was sure these good Sisters had pretty pure Irish blood in their veins. ' Members of Parliament were recognised as the men with the best intellects in the land, and it was said on good authority that there were members of Parliament who could hold two contradictory opinions at one ! jand the same time, and act upon them too. He -did not reckon himself as good as a member of Parliament, but he thought he ought to have some of their privileges. Though he had not got the pay and the pass on the railways, he ought to have the freedom to hold two contradictory opinions, if he liked, as well as they. When he was a young man in the West, on the occasion of the O'Connell centenary he was on the committee, and it was unanimously decided that their badge should be orange and green. He was so proud oi wectt iiig iiib uniiigu uiutu no nepu it for many many years, and possibly had it stored away yet. He was once asked what was his favourite Irish poem. There were some that he was very fond of, but the one nearest and dearest to him, the one which touched him the most was a short poem by Gerald Griffin about the blending of . the orange and the green. It was one of the most touching things that an Irish man had ever penned. It made for peace, it made for charity, and it made for the unity of Irishmen of all classes and creeds, and that was what Irishmen ought to stand up for. There was one point in connection with the orange, which he should refer to. He did not like that ominous day, the 12th of July, mentioned in connection -with it. On that date 207 years ago, near the village of Atlilone, the battle of Aughrim was fought, a large battle m point ot numbers, but mucn larger in its effect on Irish history. Twenty thousand Irishmen under a French general named St. Ruth opposed a force of Englishmen, Scotchmen, Dutchmen, Frenchmen, aud Danes, witli a sprinkling of Irishmen thrown in. King William's army was victorious. An Irishman did not mind a beating if he was beaten fairly. He himself did not mind being beaten by an Englishman. If a Scotchman beat him he liked it better, because a Scotchman was a brother Celt, but he couldj,not stand a beating on his own Irish soil, by a Frenchman, a Dane, or a Dutch man. He could not understand why any Irishman could claim glory for the 12th of July. The event of the day was not a victory, but a defeat for Irishmen. On j the 12th of July he would not wear orange | colours, but on other days he was prepared ! to wear them. Many ox them wouia not j agree "with him. He liked peace ; he strove for charity ; he liked all men to be brothers. ! They were apt to fight and keep up fight- ! ing, but when the fight was over let them I be done with it. He wished their friends I at home could settle their difficulties ; he | wished their parliamentary leaders would agree, to one common policy to which they would pledge themselves and their fol lowers, and in which they in Australia would be prepared to back them. He was proud to wear the green, he was not ashamed of the orange, though it had done some harm to their country, and he was proud to say with Mr. O'Loughlin, " Here's to the day we celebrate." (Loud applause.) Drugs to be effective should be fresh and of purest quality — such can be obtained at the Apothecaries (opposite Sandover's) Perth. 