IVAN'S GRAVE. In the ;l'tre of a wide steppe in the lussian (iterl'ninenti of i - , there stands a curious landmanrk. a tall, thin, wootder, (ross, triple- armed. after the Oriental fashion, and towering conspic uously over the land hiorizon. It is the more or less legendary history of this tralf-rotten piece of wood. which for miles iroulnd is known as "Ivan's Grave," tiht i atn about to tell. BetIwee lifty and sixty years ago alexia Btobrofska, the only d:aughter of a rich plrolprietor, was considered to b?e the most beatitifil girl in the neighbor bood. Hecr father, accordiing to the ens tomi of Inussiani householders, keIpt a )arge retinule of tolerably mixed donles tics. anid aongll these was Ivan Snulic,. whose position. however, was distinct from those of his follow-servants: for Ivan was wha:t is termnted ill Russian the "lmilk-lobot her" of Alexia Bobrof -eka, which lea-nt, in other words, that the pesanit wonta whtio was his mnother, being peculiarly robist and comparatively tlenitly, had been sileh tld its wet-w-.!rse for tile "Master's" child. In time the mlothler wen-lt back to her but in the visllge, but thile boy was re tained bly r.he l:aster-for the solitary Alexia wanted a playmnate, and why should sh! not halve her wish? Thus Ivanl grew up almlnost entirely under the same roolf with Alexia, lirst being used as a sort of toy, and afterr::trds coming to be rgardtled as her own especial at tend:tnt-a useful person for carrying her mnessa;ges or bringing her arnifnls of wild flowers when she lhappened to take a fancy to them, and most particu larly for accompanying her on horse back; for from his earliest boyhood Ivan had evinced a peculiar boldness and skill in the manugenient of horses. Alexiat was well content with his com pany, looking upon him Ialf as a com rlde and half as a slave. and feeling moreover a sincere and perfectly inno cent affection for the stalwart young peasatit. Site knew that he was deeply attached to her. but neither to her nor to any other inmate of the house did it occur as possible that this attaclhment should be rooted in a devouring pas sion. To send his daughter out riding with Ivan appeared to Gregor Bobrof skla exactly as safe as it would have been to send her out guarded by a tame bull-dog, for in his eyes Ivan was a peasant- that is to say, a different thing from a man. And so was Ivan in his own eyes. The frankly condeseending affection of Alexia did not hurt him--he knew that It could not be otherwise. She was the mistress and he twvas the servant-the good God had ordered it so. therefore there was nothing more -to be said about It. Never, even for a passiing moment, did the most -distlant vision of success cross his loyal mind. He would never be able to stamnp out his passion-of that he felt certain; but he would bury it so deeply within him that no other living man should ever ire:am of its ex istence. Never would Ihe expose him self to the bitter ridicule which the dis covery of the truth must bring upon him, and neither slhould iany sign on his lu't ever disturb he'r Imaiden peace. Thus, while still a 'boy ill years. Ivan became a grave and almost stern man. By nature, lie was more reticent even than the average iRuissian peasant, and now no useles?s word escalped his lips; even his glances were strictly guarded, for lie knew wiell enough that either of these thligs, a -word or a glance, might at any moment betray everything. With all this, it must not be supposed that Ivan was desperate: that any wild idea of cutting short his own misery ever came near hitl. IHe knew he was dloomed to at life of renllnciation, but. with trite slave fatalism, lie was per fectly prepiared to live it. It is only when it becomes objectless that life also becoiles worthless, atnd Ivan had .a very -distinct object before Ilis eyes not the object of gratifying his passion, but the object of concealing it. , This absorbed his entire energy. the strength of Iis :mind. and his w-hole attention; and by .these very means probably saved him fromu despair. One thought only .pressed upon him continually-trie thought thaat Alexia would one day choose a hnsband. iHe knew quite well that that day would have to come. Sometimes lie even wished thalt it would comle soon, in order that lie might know exaetly how \- much he would have to bear. The day came at last. Upon her nine teenth birthday the betrothal of Alexia lobrifska to FIedor Dtilmwnskowv was ln'oclaiiled to the neighborhood. lIvery one was clharlited with the news: in deed. nothing coull have been more suitable than the alliance, for Fiedor lDalhnaskowt most fortunately hapllened -to lit the nephew and heir of the ipre sent possessor of S-, the estate which bordered Alexia's present home. and the second largest ill the government. Fedor had. at the wish of ills uncle, s?lent rite last few years in improvilng his mind by travellingin Firalnce and in EIngland, and had lately retlurned to take up his abode at his future home. lie was a 1:1l all and graceful yolung nan, with coal-black hair and high-bred fea lures, aitilable anid well-neaning. Natu Tally lie coinl not help iteing laware of hle vale of his ollsition and tprospects, hilt llthough It Iark.ed fa-vorie in so <-iety, he was free froml atctiation. aIndt lie hln never to his kniowledge done lily hltrnm to any living person. As for Alexia, her heart had boee ta ken by stornl. Owing l to the delicate health of her father, she had never even been so fair as St. Petersburg. and of aill -the mei that she had ever as yet seen, ,redor Dahimiskolw tpletared to her' to 'conle ineariest to her ideal of rectitude -ailnd lclivalry. With thle enthusiasml of a girlish heart which is full to aoverflow ing w-ith thile dlesire of loving andt being loved. she sitrretllderd ot hit hit ert fu The hleginnting of l-'tdor Da ilatisklvw's bliss was ilit -tegilling of Ivan's -real s.fferings. Thel'e arose ceiircsnn.tan(res vwhich lite had 1ot1 foIeseen. selln, ftor insllance, tis tilt fact IltIt Dalmnniskowv v.iewed ilie comlparative famuilarity vitihi existed bIetween lils betrotihed uil her nlitetllant with a llixtnle of as tonishlnnit ant displeastilel. To tevery oIllt~e inltate of lihe lhotse it lopoleareu the most Inltuiral lhillg iin the wortl that Alexia sihonl call the yoinig picasintl but Dalmnskow had not seen these two .it Iheir gillnes len years ago, and Ito ,-otld not grow aeenlstonted to this alt ttrmal state of atairs: for. young ;is he -was. he already looked iutton IttIhe rto jiieties tis itt ole of lthe hief tlaors of hunl:iil existence. 'The first slight dtlispulte lwhichl occur red iletw-leeli the young lte'ltle hadt Ivan for its subject. With great gentleness. FIedor htd explained 1l0, his ibetrothldll th:lt this lInlnnerl of :ttltlte:sing a stlt ordlinate was too penli:ar to pass witll lilt notice. T'lis yolltil htl long ago c-eased to Ite her 1lai:yni:Ile. wtlxV thlere fore n cotlinule to in:le lny dilieretnce between hill ind tihe ohiler domlestics ? Blut Alexia had :uswered tly Iaigilngi ii llts fate. land ietling hilu thatt ihe might as well expect lier to give up caressing her dogs tand her horses au to !ook upon Ivan s ainytlling libut iher dear old comlr:dte. l'lThis was lIut the first of severul ocan sions on lwhich Dllruniskow felt inorti liedl by olbserving tthat Alexia invatriably took tihe part of this s.mlnewhal t miorose Sattendant. Iie hadl early in:ile a dis ctovery which astonished lhin greatlly thle discovery t:hat1 Ivan lutted huim. Ie "was not atcu:lslonled to being hated, even by his subordinalttes, atld yet he knew thitt he was nol. nistlken, for his wit was quick. Once, while rellectilng on tile caltses oa: this strange llphenolllenon, an idea crossed 1is mitnd, but was ilnlme diately rejectedil as too hizarre to )be en tertained. Aud yet the mere shadow of the thought was enough to makte him rnaeasy. It had not es-gaped him that ithe ??unrrollundings in whieb e had lived '1 ' - ' ~ - -:? ;": ! "."'.-"? - " sincle Ilis ilm1ncy, and tile fragments or education almost unavoidably picked up, Ihd served to give ai sort of rough thvvor of relinellent to the peasant lad. which brought this man several steps nearer to his own sphere. 'Tllht it should be so was resented by ilhe high born youth as a lln ujustifiable intrusion on his ow\n premises, but that it \vws so lie nevertheless could not. de u tlo hlinself. Presently there eanlme a day whici: IulUIed lls ouitss 111 ito cel-lainlly. The betrothed outllie had lieet out riditlg. attended by Ivan, ind. :taccording to her hllit. .1lexia hadt several times essayed to draw hli in ito the couversation. But Ivan had showed liimself more morose tlian ever. lhiereby increaosillg his own trials: for tile shorter thile answers he gave. lhe more aluilusemluet 1did he cause to his vivacious younllg istress. Slhe seemclld tio have muade it her special ob iett to coIax or tense hlim frolm out of his ill-humor. His humor, indeed, lhld never beien very bright lately, but she 1!1l Ibteln too hlapplily occupIed to take uclll]l notice lof the fact. To-day, for lhe first time. it had forcibly struck her atelntioll. Shel insisted on1 knowing thie caluse; lhad lie got toothlache'l No? Then could it be chilblains? The win ter lhaid not yet beguil. "'1erhillls he is in love." suggested l"'IloMr alinmskow, suddenly. looking straightat : Ivan as lie spoke. "Splendid!" cried Alexia. with the bright Ihngh of a child. "'I never thoughlt of that before. '11lo is it. my sweet little Ivan'~ Marysia or RSsia? C'om1e. youl luustl't be so very shy about it; I prolise to put il a" good word for you with 11pa1. But. . perbips you llav.-.u'l yet made up your linlld between tlheln - they are both pretty, you know -only I 1hllink Sosia would cook your dinnelrs belter. You really won't tell me? 1Well, len. 1 will spare you. There is : blun'ch of red berries for your lady love. If I see it in Sosia's hair this evening. I will know thlat she is tile lucky one - but if I see it in Marysia's hair, tlen Il'm afraid that your cabbage soup0 w\ill not be very good eating. lMeanwhile you lust wCeal it as a badge -give e me your hat." Ivan obediently handed over Ills hat, and Alexia, still laughing gleefully, tore offl bunch of crimison berries from the tree under whose boughs she was pas sing, and fastened it within the band. She w:1s too much delighted wirli her own good idea to observe how white Ivran's face had become. but Dalmas kow noted it well. and having dismount ed at the end of the ride. and watched 1the horses being led towards tie stable yard. some ir1'esistible feeling of curio sity forced luin to follow till suspected m1an ill order to surprise hliml if possible 'whlen e lelieved hlimlself unobserved. XWlhen Dalmaskow reached the stable yard two of tile other men were busy with tile horses. blit Iva1il wIas not in sight. lie next glanced into tle stables u s well as into tile rooml which Ivan usually occupied. but both doors stood wide openl. and Ivan was ill neither of tllese places. .At last. while standing outside the half op1en door of a barn, a dull,. Inulled sound struck upon Ilis ear. He looked in. 1ind saw t1l manl lying upon his facet- with Ilis two hands buried decep) i tl th tick lair of straw on wllicl lie had flung hillself down. his whole body shaken at short intervlls by con vulsive ovemenllts. Dalnlskow re cognised him by his clothes. Beside him, plucked frolm their stalks and stallped into a sallpleless lmass, lay the berries which he had worn in hiis at a crinmson stalil upon the boards of tile floor. Dalmaskowv stood for a few seconds only, then withdrew without a sound. The sight lhe had seen offended Ilis liner sensibilities by fhe very vigor of its ex pression. but. also, it awed him la little. He liad not until then knownrthat there could be such Ilassion in the world. This was something which he had not met with during his travels in France and illn England. Now hlIeknewn everythiig, and by the'time lie hadi recovered front his astonishment, lie discovered to Ilis innoySnlel that. just as Ivan hated hiu, he too was beginning to 1hae Ivan. To hate anyone was a qulite new ex perience to tle auliable young miall. and to hate a dolestic was surely not worth hlls while; nevertheless there seelmed no help for it. Despite all logic. he, tlle nobleman, -ould not feel enirely easy under tile eyes of tile peasaut- pcerhalps because some instinct told him0 that that pealsaut had a: greater soul than he. There iwals in Ivanl's inannler towards him Ia certain peculiarity of which no one but himself was aware. yet under which lie writhed. Every one of 1lle or ders was punctually obeyed. no word of disrespect had ever been uttered, and yet at moments, something in the face of tllatt.dark, silent mlan told him tlhat he was looked upon not only with haired, but liso with contemlpt. Firmly resolved though hie vwas never o penly to betray the resentment which he could not suppress, there yet camle an occasion on which his self-conirol gave vway. This halnpenled one day not mauny This haitPpened onle d:iy not inasny weeks before the mallrriage. Snow had fallen, and in front of tilhe door of the hlouse there stool the sledge in which 1Fedor Dahlilsikow was to take his liantcee and her father for their first slelging party of the season. While he settled himself ill his seat Ivan stood at the horses' heads. There was an unexpected plunge forwards. tile grooml had stepped back premanturely, and DItl inaskow. taken by surprise, clutched at the reins witlh all oathl. ie was any tring but a violent nmn by nature. but lie had been half thrown out of his seat, andi was conscious of beingll in flll viiew of Alexia. who stood upon tlhe doorstep. Any other groom might iihave lbeen for given, but llot tllis one. "You doge" lie cried, ill :la one ill wvhich all tihe pent-up resentmenti of time Iaist weeks iallue to the surface. " Take this for your uegligence!" And.snatch ing up trie long whip beside him. lie lashed blindly towards Ivan's head. The thong struck wilth such forie tlhat blood spurted instantly upon forehead and cheek. Before it had time to strike again Ivan had cauglht it in his hand. anl stood tlhere, with a grey face and starting eyeballs, rigid. :and yet seem ingly on tile 0point of leaping upon the sledge. It was Alexia who, guessing lhe danger. quickly stepped forward. and by her intervention cut the scene short at this point. In private she repronlled Fedor for his violence, and found hint submissive and penitent. He was qulite as much s:ulrised as slle herself could be. He could not at all understand how it had been possible to forget himself so en. tirely. Such a thling had never before happened to himn. Il order to show how determined he was that it should not happen again, it occurred to him that hle lighlt make it up with tile injured i:an by giving hill a couple of roubles. "They will do as plaster for your wound," lie said to him jocosely, and withal n little nervously, as hie tendered the money. But vhan put his hlaud.s behind his back and walked away without even a: word, leaving the astonished Dalhnas kow standing oil tie spot with his two roubles in his hand. It was dating from this moment that he felt quite cor tlin tlhat he hated Ivan. lie begaIn now seriously to mistrust hi, watching his:; every movement intently. I-e could discover nothing on which to take hold, but this only inereased his mistrust, for it is not given to everyone to. under stand renunciation when it reaches this point. Fedor Dalmaskow did not un derstand it, and if he hald understood it, hle would not have believed in it. The household at: large had not for a noment been disturbed by the small incident. Indeed, if it had not been for thie long, sharply defined scar wh ichl lay in a slanting line across the groom's sun tauned forehead and cheek; even the memory of the occurrence would have been buried on the first diay. The wedding day fell in January, im aediately after tile New Year. Until ately the winter had been unusually mild, but within the last W\eeks the cold had been rapidly intensifying. The guests all arrived buried in furs. Sev eral delicate ladies sent apologies for inot coining, oil the score of the wea ther. It was because of this dearth of the fair sex that the idea of the custo Ina:ry dance had to be abandoned, while it was settled that the festive supper should lie taken e:lrly, so as to enable the newly-ilharricd couple to reach their home soon after dark. They had a drive of more thanl twenty-live nliles before them, biut the moon was nearly full and the sledge-road in first-class condition. 1During hlie supper one of the guests asked his ncighbor whether it was true that wolves had been seen at Z-. "At Z--Y' repeated the other. "Thenl we inhy look out for thein :about this tiimie next week. They always travel on thle saile line.' A few mnore renialrl-s were made on (Iie subject. andt a certalin alllunt of interest evinced, bulit no one took the matter very seriously, lI)u u!llse the a-:1 rions iillages apt to bie aw:takened by. llhat word of terror. "wolves!" lwere no longer very vivid in thet miund of anyone lipresent, seeing that dIring two excep tionally mild seasons no wolf had been hlcard of in the neighblorhood. lThe convl\rsatlionl liassed to other things :ond night l)appro:ehed almost im lperceptibly. The hridegroom, impatient to 1he gone, had mnore than once urged that it was time for the start; while the bridle's father. reluctant to give the farewell kiss to his daughter, insisted that there was no hurry. It would be no da:rker in another hour thaln it :l ready was, lie urged. But it would be cohler. argued Dalnmaskow. Very well, then. half' an hour--he only asked for h:alf an hour more; muea:nwhile, the sledge with Alexia's maids and boxes should be deslpatched. "*,and perhaps for salfety's lsake I mtight as well send Va lentinl with a gun; there had been ia talk of wolves, you know. ilthough? I don't think there cain be any serious danger yet. If you start in half nu hour's time, you are bound to overtake thefm within the first three mliles. Those blaceks cover the ground at a. tlreenldous rate. What do you think? Shall I send the gun?" "Oh, yes, scut the gun by all menus," answered Dalmnaskow, dreamily, lost ill coltemplation of Alexia's profile., He wanted to lie ril of all theise noisy people, and yet even to sit: beside her watching the alternate play of liappi liess and of nlervotsess upl)0n liher face was so delicious, thalt for a limle lie for got to look at his watch. It was one of the guests who suddenly noticed the hotr andl gave the alarmn. Dallumaskow started from his lplace, in some innoy alnce. It. was mnore thau an lhour now since the first sledge had sta:rted. Some one suggested thlit it mtight be more prludent to postlplone the departure until the ilmornling, bit of this Dalnlmskow would not hear for a inomlent. He be lieved they would overtake the first sledge yet, in spite of the delay-it was only a question of enough whip-cord- and, after all, they would be at home not long after midnight. Alexia having rapidly changed her weddiing-dress for a travelling-gown, stepped out of the house on her f~ather's arm. A lo-. luxurious sledge stood at tile door, and ill front of it a team of coal-black horses, whose coats shone like satin in the light of the lanlterns. were shalilng their ears imnpatiently and stunmping holes in the snow. It was the father's wedding lpresent to his de parting d:aughter. Every item. froil the silver hells upon the harness down to the costly fur rug which lay ready for her feet, had been procured especially for this occasion. Upon tilhe box there sat a familiar figure. "Iva:ln is to drive you-foi the last time." said tile old nobleman as he handed his daughter to her seat. It was indeed for the last time, for, somewhat to Alexia's chagrin, Danlmas how had declined to tlake her .protege into his service. Ivaln himself, being questioned, had said that it was better so-lie pireferred to renmain where lihe was, and thus the maltter had been set tlied. All the samne. she was glad that just Ivanl and no other should take her to her new homle.' Except for occasional clouds that drifted across the moon, the night had so far been very light, but they had not driven for long when minute f:lakes of sniow began to fall. Th'e mlloon was gradually swallowed up in the sky, leaving the night still light with that peculiar white lighltness which a:ny hlr'ge expanse of snow seems to brealrtlie from out of itself, but much less bril liant thalll it had been. The horses had done the firsttfew miles in a model fashion, but after a tilhe something seemed to lie disturbing them. Their pace becaume unequal. they strained for ward irregularly. jostling against each other. It seemed evident that they w-er'e blecoming lulnl1itanageable. "I hope that fellow has not ieen drinking," said Dalinaskow-, beneath his breath. "Iiey! Look out there!" lie called to tilhe driver. "'You don't seeim to have those beasts in hand." To the first of these calls Ivan nmade no answer, but being shouted at a second time, lihe turned round oil his seat and curtly ob served : "It's wolves th lt they smell! " "Wolves!" repeated Alexia. beneath her brealth, nnd clutchel d instilctively at iher hIusbanl's armn. He lookedt into her frighiitned face, growing himself rather p.lle :Is tIle piossibility of this danger rose before himn. To turn back now would probably be more dlangerous thuI to pIush on, for behind tlhem was nothinig but niles of snow. while in front of therni--and possibly not so very far alleld--there lmust lie the sledge w-ith thllat gu of wvthiilc they had 11ot thouight iuilch as yet, lbut wh-liclh might yet prove to tue of p:lanlmouut imnport mince. Of course, there was also the possibility of Ivail hIeillu nlistaken. Whenm anotlher ten miniutes had Imassed, and ill still remained silent around tliein, Dltlnaslkow rclnmalrked almost coniidently to his yonng wife that cer talinly Iv-n had ml:alte a mnistake. But while hie w-as slc:llking lhcru culinle from sonlewhere far ll t\way one single, faint. loug-draw- howl, which might easily ihave becl muistaken for thie Iowl of a dog. As it died .tway auotlher answer ed, and iinmmediaitely a, full chiorius fell iii very i-oilr away. very fiint, hut this time not to Ie itistakcn for :umything but what it was. By Ihllis tilne Ivan hald tnlstercd the horses. With the reins wound round his wrists he nltlIcaredl to be holding I llein e:lck, ratJlier thaln lurging them oni. "hliy idon't you give thole their heads. you fool'?" shoutced DLuilaskow, impatiently. Ivan lookeid :t himi over his shoulder. "'Do you w\:lnt to lie to-nighlt?" lie asked, using the faiuili.ur proiolun ty, and showing his teeth in an unpleasant slmile. "Theyi'll need their lbreCath lter on. We'll do Ilentiy of r:icing yet - never-c you fear." #)t:la:lmskoow wais nia:lble to 'retly. That pronoun ill the Ilouthl of a. servanut hil:ld upon himl the effect of atLlow upoi tihe head. Of course, hle should slider for it-, but this was niot the muiomenlt for rc illonstruitnce. IHis attenotion w:Is absorl) cdt i looking for-ward andl looking back ivard - forwardts if order to espy thie sleldgo which they kiew to be ill ad valuce; backwards towards the clutmps of low- bushes v-lguely outlined nupoln the face of the steppec. By degrees single black spots began to detachi themselves froml those scattered clumps; in lIhe uncertain light they nlight haIve been the bushes themselves getting intoe motion - they grew more nunlerous, collected, iand soon were ubt spots any longer, but one compact mass, over growing in size anZd giving tongue vitlhout interniission. Ivaun never looked bhLckwards - his ear waa enough to tell lhim the exact listance between them anud their pursu mrs - i his eyes were strainedi forwards ontinually. Buddenly, with a wild lash of tIle whip, he gave th horses tlieir heads, and the real chase began. At that mo ment he had caught the first far-off glilnpse of the village lights ahead. Now only it had become possible to think of a race. For several silent, breathless minutes they flew along at a mad pace. With a face of ghost-like pallor Alexia s:t immovable, clinging closely to her husband's arm. lie looked back again, the pack was gaining slowly, but it was unmistakably gaining. Those lights ahllead did not seem to be any neartr than they had been at first. Yet where !hey burned there would be safety; it could only be a qluestion of minutes, a question of gaiiling ever so little time. Already he cofild distinguish a. pair of eyes gleal!niilg greenly here and there. lie (ould hear their savage breathing. Some vague recollections of things he had heard darted through his mind. With a. wrench he seized tile costly cov er which lay upon his knees and hurled it backwards towards the advancing pack. Instantly the wolves dropped hlck. For a. aiminte or so they closed into a howling ball, while Dalmaskow. peoering back intently, could see snow flying like powder from: the Spot. But it was not for long: within live minutes the green eyes were again gleaming hard behind the sledge, tile outlines of single heads becoming ever clearer. Palssing glimpses of white toothed, shalrp snouted faces were to be canght in the light of tilhe carriage lanterns. The distance hlld 1been made good again. Alexia's feet were buried ill a "foot warmer" of badger fur: Dahnlmaskow took hold of it and threw it out. He threw out the cushions of the sledge, and each time the pack rolled itself into a ball, and each time the snow flew up, and yet each time again. after a ter ribly brief respite, the pursuers were once more at.their heels. The village lights were shining more brightly, but it no longer seenled possible to reach tihem. They were only a phllantom of safety dangled before the eyes of the pursued. There was no comfort in the sight, for to be shipwrecked in view of the port is surely more cruel than to be lost at open sea. Nothing seemed to remain except despaciir. Not a word had been spoken for a long time. It seemed to Dalmuaslkow that their pace was again relaxing, or was it only his ex cited fancy? While lie was asking himself this, Ivan turned round upon his seat. Dal nulskow could see that the sear across Ilis forehead a1nd cheek 1ha1 turned of a deep blood-red. Ivan was looking at hinl with a peculiar brightness in his eyes. "Do you rencmber that?" lie asked, very loud, in order to be heard through the chorus of yelps, and pointing to wards the sear. Dahnaskow neither spoke nor moved. He could only stare back into the other's eyes, trying to read there what was passing in his mind. It occurred to him now that he was absolutely at tile mercy of this man. W?hat was the thought in his mind? With a faint clry Alexia pressed closer to her hus band's side. Her eyes. wide and hor ror stricken, were likewise upon Ivan's face. Both knew that they were stand ilg on the threshold of something aw fill, though what it was they had no tilme to guess, for everything palssed within a few seconds. A.\lready one wolf had appeared abrealst of the sledge. Ivan looked fronl the face of the husband to that of the wife. His own features were hideously distorted by some internal agony. Then abruptly lie spoke. "Take tile reins!" and began in hasle to unwind theam from round his own wrists. Dalmnskow obeyed mechanically, not understanding anything. "This is the way to hold them." said Ivan, sharply and distinctly; "you clan have no power if you do not hold them like this; have you got them?" "Yes," replied Dallmaskow, without knowing that lie said the word. "I wanted to kill you," said Ivan. in a voice that rose unexpectedly to a higher a:nd shriller tone, "but it is because of her!" And rising suddenly to his feet he leapt off the sledge into the snow. Once more the wolves dropped back once more the cloud of snow flew to thle skies, then the horses, feeling the new hand upon their reins, took the bit hbe tween their teeth ad raced like things pIossessed. More than a. minute passed before tha't which haippened became absolutely clear to the mlinds of either of the per sons in the sledge. When tile horses were arrested in tile village street, Alexia was lying uncol scious by the side of her husband. She was carried still unconscious into her new holne, where she lay dangerously ill for several mlonths. The first thing which she dlid on her recovery wais to have a cross put up upon tile steppe, as near as possible to the spot where two human bones and one of Ivan's boots had been found. The peasants chris toned it "Ivan's Grave," and it has been called so ever since; although in reality Ivan belongs the the colnlparativcly small class of those to whoml even a grave has bccn denied. Both Fedor Dalmaskow and his wife have been dead for a quarter of a cen tury, but the cross still stands, crusted with grey licllhen andl already somewhlat aslant. .A little longer it will stlandl so, getting more top-heary every year. ul tiI on some wild winter night the storml sweeps it dlown. No new one will b1e puat ii its plilcet, for by that timne .1 new generatlone will hn- e arisen and Ivaln will be forgotten.--"Strand Malgazine." 