ART AND ARTISTS. Gabriel d'Annunzio, an Italian poet, dramatist, and romance writer, has attained fresh distinction by a tragedy written by him for Madame Sarah Bernhardt. On reading the MS. which has been translated for her use into French, the tragedienne sent a telegram to the author, in which, without further remark the word " admir able " was repeated five times. The title of the play is " The City of the Dead," and its subject is said to be so delicately treated as to be charming. It is, never theless, in plain terms, incest. M. Zola is not the only man of letters who, within the last few weeks, has come to grief. There is also the editor of Kladderadatsch, the German Punch He has been sentenced to three months' deten tion in a fortress — said to be an experience of no gentle kind. The editor's offence was, in reference to a speech made by the Emperor, the publication of a caricature in which Satan was represented as leading down from Heaven Leonidas, Alexander, Napoleon, and Frederick the Great, whom he reminded that there they had no place. For this he (the editor) was found guilty of Use majeste. If majesty, nevertheless, were intrinsically of the tyranny and folly that characterise it in the person of the Emperor William, the crime would be to pay it respect. The Academy, in an article on Mangan and his poems, in which the melancholy of the poet is recalled, spealrs as follows of one of the best known lyrics, " Dark Rosa- leen": — "But not a faint shadow of unhappiness dims the radiance of his ' Dark Rosaleen.' In adoring, flashing, flying, laughing rapture of passion, it is among the great lyrics of the world — one of the fairest and fiercest in its perfection of imagery and rhythm ; it is the chivalry of a nation's faith struck on a sudden into the immortality of music." Mr. Stead has returned to the charge by republishing, as one volume, his whole collection of ghost stories. If fear of the preternatural does not keep people in doors by night, and generally bring creepy ex periences upon them, the fault will not be that of the compiler. Safety, however, may be found in excess. The preposterous nature of many of the tales may tend to discredit all. An idea of Signor d'Annunzio's is to write a series of romances, distinguishing each series by the name of a flower. If carried out, however, on a level with what the author puts forward as his themes, it is to be feared the results will be found above the comprehension of the period. — A revival, for example, to suit the ruling taste seems to be that of Paul de Kock — in close contiguity, too, to whose works art- tastes are consistently provided for by reproductions of the nude from French galleries. — People of decency, in fact, will do well to be vigilant in watching how their lads and lasses are supplied with reading matter and pictures. The means of demoralisation are evidently forced within their reach. Annunzio, moreover, should generally be found equal to the occasion, for he is described as, in some of his works, up to all the requirements of obscenity. His rose, nevertheless, is to depict the struggle of an undeveloped mind with the obstacles of material life; his lily, intelligence, which, having failed to obtain permanent influence over others, retires within itself' and creates there a world of poetry ; his pomegranate, the triumph of a master-mind grown to its full height through contact with humanity, and capable of reconciling the realities of life with the dreams of poetry. A somewhat elevated programme, as will be seen. Let us hope that the chosen flowers may escape defilement. 