The Fortune of Fullwood. A Comparatively True <Uhost Story. Although I 'bear the common and somewhat pldbeian mime of John Smith, I. can, through my mother's family, reckon kith and kin with half the nol)le houses oC ScQjlitnd, anil boast that near a score of my ancestors have " kissed the maiden," or liceu hanged, drawn, and quartered after the good old style of putting the closure on " ex cited politicians." Those of my readers who are thcinseives of ancient lineage may, therefore, appreciate the feelings with which I found myself last spring, l'or the first time as I then thought, under my ancestral roof. I had been summoned to Fullwood House by Sir Francis Flaming of that ilk, 'to whom 1 stand in the relationship of third cousin once removed. Fullwood House, a very romaiH'ic old place situated 011 the left bank of the Clyde, not far from the uppermost cataract, came quite up to my notion of what the .home of su-cli a family as ours should be. r It is true that Sir Francis himself rather disappointed me, he being a little;, withered person, very absent-minded, and a' thorough bookworm ; but, on the other-hand,' his daughter M'argaret, his only child; was a worthy representaUive of the house of Fleming—" a daughter of ■' the ' gods, divinely tall, and hiose .divinely fair." Need I say that I fell in love with her ? At all events I fancied myself in love. At nigivt I was sitting alone in my room trying to iconvinte myself that riince all is fair in love and ,war - I-jyis entitled to do any "bust to cut out John Johnson, her fiancee, who was1 then in Johannesburg. >Vhat wa.s lie-' after all that he should Ibecome the head of the house of Fleming by marrying the heireiss ? If he 'had a pedigree I had never heard of it; so far as I, or any body else knew, his only claini on the' consideration of the Flemings whs that Sir John Fleming, the former laird, had been his guardlian. As for me, I was. the next heir after Margaret herself, :md liad I not then fhe better right to her ? My meditations were Interrupted by the entrance of old Tom Danabie, the butler, with a nightcap for me ; and while I Was testing the quality of that article lie asked one whether I was afraid of ghosts. I replied, thdt I was not, being Indeed a hardened sceptic in the matter of (spooks. Then 1 asked Jilm if the house was supposed to be liaunted. "Ye would notice jron armour, in the library V" Tom said. I nodded in the affirmative. The ar mour he referred to could hardly pass unnoticed. From its size it must have belonged to a gigantic man. Sir Frauds liad told me that 'it was believed to have been worn by Sir David Fleming, the crusader as he 'was called, at the battle of Bannoekburn. ■ " It's his giiiaist—auld Sir Dauvltts," rejoined Tom. " Sometimes ye'dl see his e'en glawerin' at ye oot o' the helmet. It's a fearsome sicht. I sawn aince. {That was ae night I'd been Up at" the coun. I had been haeln'.' a gl36S; or twa e. ■jsv1!' the minister's man, but 1 was deid sober. That s what we're baun ti t ■ wi - sh' Danvlt's ghaist t'hat watches." : " Watc'hes what V" I a,sked.. "The goold," replied the old imui, flrapp>ing his voice to a whisper, " the uoold that was laid by at the time o' Vi-ince Charlie by anld Sir Robert, and lias ne'er bee.n seen since. But—iI maun fang." Whereupon the old ,m'an huwied off as if it had suddenly struck him that lie had said too mucih, leaving me a little disappointed. "Surely," I said to myself, "surely the old buffer doesn't think I'd ske-. (laddie 'wlt'h the rlonjon keep and the portcullis for the sake of the 'goold.' >1 dare say I might 'try to steal the wliole .blooming establishment for the sake of getting Mfes F., but " ' " S'a'int-sedncing gold !" It was a fairly apt sentiment, though I must confess I aim not a saint, and I turned to see who had spoken, when I beheld a warrior of the ancient time clad iu the very armour I had. seen in the library. The visor of his helmet was up, 'and il could see his face dis tinctly; it was a masculine copy of Margaret Fleming's; features. ■ "Dost not fear me ?" he queried with a rather grim smile. • I dost not," I answered straight off, and It was quite true. I have : not nerves of steel, (but really I felt quite at ease., "A living dog is better 'than a dead lion," I added. " I am a living man, and you—you're only a , spook. Tour bones, are dust, and your soul is with- the ga'ints, I trust—anyway it should be." , • ' • /': "By iny ihaMome, thou liast a pretty wit," retorted the ghost. " Natheless, there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamed of in your philo sophy." " Apparently-.-there, are," I remarke'd. " It certainly 'beats me to hear a four teenth 'century £lio^t quoting Sliaks peare." ,.1.-. - - 7C-4V ' ^',.Sha|kspeare,?say.,st thQii;?" exclaimed the ghost.- '-'.-By.'r lady,. I could a tale imfold^bu't cease .thy prating and fol lovv me." . - ; ' -' 'My ironclad visitor stalked off and I followed him, wondering -the while why the wlioie;, house, was not alarmed /by the diaiiU'Ing and cla'ttei'ing he made. But we were not. disturbed.^ I-I'aving readied /this,, ground floor, the" ghost turned into a 'long, dark corridor, Which, as I had been told earlier iu the day, led to the-north wing. I had not yet paid a visit to this (Section of the house, nevertheless, as my eyes became accus tomed to the gloom, tihe places we were traversing seemed to assume a faanlliar look, and when we emerged from the passage Into a room I felt quite'certain that I know the apartment. This place was almost square, and had a large Gothic window on the east side—that Is | to say, to the right hand side of the a door by which Ave entered.' The wall 1 was lined with portraits, and I remom | ber as I looked round tU'at I said to a niyseflf—" Tlliis is the portrait-room." I Meaivw'hile the ghost marched almost | round the room, star Mug to the left from | the door, and halting at the window be j| fore mentioned, to which he turned his, 3 hick, and so faced me as I stood in t'he k middle of the lloor. ' " Here," lie said, " is m,v post till t'he : full moon rises behind Tinto and shows : her face aibove the Tree of Doom. ; Watch thou for t'he sign. Farewell." Then he disappeared in the twinkling ; °f an eye. (>f course it was a dream. I did not take long to grasp that fact when I found myself where old Tom had left me shivering before an expiring lire. Next morning, Sir Francis being in disposed and unaJWle to talk about tin: private business wli'iuh was the cause 'of ray being there, 1 was dawdling about badly in want of something to do when Miss Fleming came to my retscuu by offering to show me the family portraits. To my surprise she took me to the very place 1 had rseen in my dream, and she called it 'by the very nmme 1 had given it in my dream—"t'lie portrait-room." " Tli'is place .seems quite familiar to me," 1 remarked after looking round. " Only," I added, thinking about the g'hos'r, " there seeinrs to be something wanting." " Perhaips you were here before," Miss Fleming suggested. " I don't think I ever was," I re plied. She moved across the room to Ifhe place where the ghost had' taken its stand, and there halted. "The piilt o£ cimiour now /'in the' library used to stand just here,'' she said. " We had to remove It pu :account of same l'idicullous e'torie3;". / "•Indeed ?" Yes,"- slie continued, "it: was said ■ that the' original owner of the -armour came sometimes and-got into.it, and • then. promenaded ;round the Tree 1 of Doom." i j ' " The Tree of Doom!" I echoed,"wha-'b is .that?" ; .You can see it 'from the window,!-?.': sald MrsB Fleming; >She pointed to-an elm- tree,^ ap'pareKtiy-1 Very old, winch stood -on the lawn about twenty yards oft. • • • ••••' « •••' \- This was another point of my dream .that had came true" in-a manner; • I began to feel a li btle,nervous, • and I -wa's soon to .get another gbock. Miss Fleming waw going , round the room telling me about the different po'rtraiUs when she "■halted' before' one' thd't liung by Itself at the north- end-of: the west, wafll^the .d'arkest corh^r, of• the room. • "This," she said, ' "is Sir - Robert.. Mem'ing. Two ol'. his : brothers,; .Toliii and Frank, were, out with Prince , Cliaillie, and; the story- goesrtluit he co'l leeted all! the- family plate and jewels after the failure of the enterprise, ■ meaning to smuggle the stuff out of the ,country as a contribution towards the expense of another attempt: The things were hid until a «hance should arise of getting them . a'wtiy, hut tlie cilrance never caime, and . they remained con cealed." ' " Do yoiv believe that story ?" 1 queried. "ir am bound to ibelieve .about Che hiding of the filings.. We know of ai'tieles of Value .tlia't disappeared about that time. (But," she added .with a-.-sigli,' " I wish that was all we had lost. You . liaA'e heard: of the Fortune of Pull wood ?" ' ■ , I replied that I had heard of it, aiul nie'an't to-aslc for a sigh't of it before I left. It is a famous cliarm, the Fortune of Fu'llwood—a brooch, the stone of wh'iclh i\va« through t by Sir David, called 'the Crulsader, from ' Che. 'Holy Land. According. to the' legend, if anytMng went wrong wi'tli the chanm, if the stone ■ chanced to be broken or lost, the doom of the family was sealed. "The Fortune has disappeared," said Margaret in tragic tones. " You. know what that means—the family is doomed.: After my father there will be no more Fllemings of Fullwood." I felt inclined to laugh, but the girl appeared to (be quite earnest in her; beiiof. -. . _ , > '.;. "If I thought," .s'hg continued,'; the Fortune,was. anyuvliere about the ;house j woiild li'.wd the"whole tiuiiaihg taken to- pieces,, stcme by stone. But I. do not.think it-is.'in the house at all. I hare searched everywhere,' and: I'm sure I know every nook and cranny ol' it:" An Idea struck me. " Did you find," I - asked, " any plaice'where the plate aid. jewels might haive been concealed ?" • . "No.- Why?" " Because the Fortune might .have been put beside them." " Impossible she exclaimed. " The Fortune—'but wait—yes, the Fortune disappeared in my uncle's time. He was a 'bachelor,: and for a long time before he died-he wa's queer.; r have been told 'that when he was dying iie tried to tell imy father something about ' the hidden plate, but could .not.. What is your 'idea ?" " He may h'ave hid t'he cliarm'him self," I said. " Perhaps' he found out where the plate had ibeen laid away' and put the Fortune beside it." ■" Then, with rua'ny. blushes, and t'lie un ea'sy suspicion that I was making an ass at' myself, I told' Miss Fleming a'bout the vis® I h'ad had from' the g'ho'st. She did not laugh ; on the con trary, she; was quite grave, aud i .'took' heart of grace to point out: one or. two sigu'iflfaixt tilings .in tne;. aream. i\o doubt, I said,- Ttom 'Daivaibiti's story sug gested tlie dream about the ghost/but there was nothing in 'his story ••'to.-tec-! plain any familiarity with the room, nor to suggest the' ide'a of what the ghost had said. "It was a revelation," said:Margaret decidedly. "This is t'lie time' of-tlie full moon. I shall Have the armour pu't bade into its former place, aud this.„yery night 1 shall wa'tch; along with you' for ' the sign." " - r " .. . . •: The only definite recollection. I, have for the remainder of :tlia't .day up to-# o'clock in Mie evening is tha't 'I thought it nvas very queer to find an up-to-date ,young wv?man Tike -MargareL Fleming ■ .With such a strong .'streak off-suip'ers't'i tion in her'compositton. '^'Iy eyes have since been opened to' the fact that'.sudh abnormalities are by no inealis uncfoni ,mon. However, 7 o'clock found us in t'he portrait-room /. waiting for tlie.; " Slgll." By-and-by tlie moon appeared from, behind the massive bulk of Tinto, aiid: slowly—painfully slowly—mounted tli6 heavens, lit plunged into- a bank' of clouds, and (I was within an ace of say tog something'strong when it emerged, ' showing directly over the Tree of Doom,; and throwing a flood of light into the apartment where we were. It shone in, and t'liat was all. I do believe I ex pected soane sort of explosion. " liook, look !" extQaimed Margaret, catching my arm and pointing into the far-away corner. "Yes," she added, almost in the same breat'h, " that must be the sign." • This is. what we saw. When the hioofn was directly over the elm tree the moon hen ins were thrown fi'om the window, diagonally across t!he portrait-room into t'lie corner where Sir Rofbert's portrait hung, ibnt the shadow of the armour sfandllng at the window was thrown in the sa'me direction In such a way as to edMpse the portrait. At Miss Fleming's command I took down the portrait while she lighted up the room. 'Then, before I could foinu any idea of what she was going to do next, s'he 'had taJken old Sir Da^kl's battle-axe and lot drive at ihe panel ling which had been covered with ttu; picture. The axe 'Crashed right through the wood ; there was a hollow in the wall there. To tear a way the shattered wood was easy, the operation revealing, a little dhamlber constructed in what appeared from Mie outside to be a solid | buttress. In this tiMlng-itoce were two | boxes—one about; 3ft. Ions by lift, deep and wide, and strongly bound with ironj I the other bearing a strong reaein'bla nci) J to a lady'te work/box or a folding desk. Margaret laid open the smaller box' wit'li )ier ib.Tttle-axe and gave a cry of joy to (ind that it contained the Fortune of Full1 wood. The other box was open ed later on in the presence of Sir Fran cis, and was found to contain several pieces of plate, 'but the value of the find was nothing I'ilve tile value of what h'ad been iiid—the traditional value, tha't is. l'erhaps Sir John Fleming, the bl'otheiv and predecessor of the present laird, had dra'wn oil the treasure at the time lie''entered the secret chamber to "hide there the Fortune of FuThvood. = ;As I do not Want to be interviewed by psychical researchers X- shall now ex plain the " g'htfst" fo the best- of my .a'bi'lity. 'When I went home I told my \ uncle James, who is a bit of a philo sopher, all afb'out the affair,'and he told •me tha't some months before the death, of Sir John Fleming iny father .lfa d taken 'ine wit!h hto when he' paid a; to .Fullwood. On: his; returnr my father told my uncle'all albout the house,-and albout the: legend'!of the hidden :trea sure -; 'he also irientiOnecjUtliatT'had <been igr'eatly taken up. wttth ; the suit of ar hiour in the " portrait-rWom.'' afy undo had;fpiigotten all albout thte until I told. hi^imy; sj4>iT.» remarked,, it ^a^Vdoulbtie^YtbeVmedlffry^^ Lh eaijy .cliild'hood ftoKPiillwobd, and of 'hearing ia't tha't time' the- story of the gli'o&fcVfl;'nd the .Tree pf ;Doo'fn', that had coime back tome to round off the drCani I suggested., by, the words of old Tom DiiiiaTjle.—' ' Weekly Scotsman." 