STAGE, SONG AND SHOW. " Claudian " at Hep Majesty's. Be young for ever through the centuries, but thou live on. Thy course, like a bane ful star across the sky, shall blight and wither all upon thy track. Such, in effect, was the curse which the holy hermit hurled at Claudian on Saturday night at Her Ma jesty's. Only there was a great deal more of it. The curse is a sonorous, comprehen sive, far-reaching, effective anathema. Upon it is based the play. From It spring the Incidents, around it circles the interest, and on Claudian it bestows suggestion of the supernatural, tincturing that melancholy patrician with the weird fascination of a. sorrowing Satan. How the curse came to fall in a simple story. In the stately times of Byzantine power the prfiogue is laid. Rises Die cur tain on a slave mair. There bargaining ai.e the dealers; and there, too, the representa tive citizens of that period, swapping philo- . sophy. By-and-bye they get down to busi ness, and an evil old slave dealer fixes a wicked eye on Serena, a beautiful slave, the wife of Theorus, a sculptor, who is about to purchase her. The bidding is brisk, and the queenly brunette is about to be sold to the grizzled old rascal when Claudian comes on the scene. He fixes a bold, bad eye upon her, outbids everybody, and, de spite the1 eloquent protest of Theorus, orders his guards to take her to his palace. Theorus, unarmed, but with the others' aid, effects a somewhat unconvincing rescue. So the audience is prepared for the calamity at the hermit's cave, whither Serena flees for sanctuary. Come we next unto the-eave of the Holy- Clement. Here the profligate, Claudian -(his other name is Andiates), still pursues her. A striking scene ensues. The noble de mands his slave; the anchorite solemnly warns him to desist. Claudian plunges his dagger into the side of the sanctified one, who falls to earth. Serena gazes with fear .and horror on the scene. Rising to his feet as if with superhuman strength, Clement de livers his curse against Claudian. He calls down the malediction of heaven, hopes black misfortune will track him ruthlessly along the path of his eternal youth. All he' touches shall be aceursed, all his benevolence bring a blight. Delivered in a voice that shook the house, albeit the tongue was that of a man stabbed unto death, the curse was an awesome, dread and damning deliverance. It was a sure and certain curse, that carried conviction of its efficacy with it by reason of the finished fervour of the details, which went to suggest that the dy ing Clement desired to make the most of his last opportunity of the kind on earth. It was a curse that brought down the house, and eased its mind, and' when the hdly hormit had delivered 6: In all its com pleteness, and there was no more to be said, he gave up the ghost. He seemed resigned th his fate after having spoken so. And as he sank to his last long sleep blue lightning for a moment seemed to flash confirmation of the curse from the darkness of the heavens, and Claudian's doom was decreed. He was an altered man, His jaunty, patrician air seemed to undergo a change; he felt that there might he, after all, something dire In this Christian anathema, something which had never come within the ken of the tem ples of his gods. Soon he had proof. Filled with the desire to do good which the curse conveyed, he bade Serena take her freedom. Scarcely had she realised her manumission than she was stricken dead. The curse had begun to work. A century later the play opens. The scene is a vineyard in Chnrydos, where Claudian is Prefect. Here, in truth, we have one of the most attractive scenes yet staged. It is an ideal scene of the long ago. It is here amid the rustic plcturesqueness, and the charming quaintness of the surround ings that Almida makes her entrance. Here, too, she meets Agazil, a blacksmith, who is her lover. Then, through the loves of this lowly couple, the bighting curse of Claudian steals. The woman's love is diverted to him. The curse works In another way with the love of Belos and Edessa. The curse works even indirectly, and it has taken Claudian a hun dred years to discover this. For when he bestows alms through another person the curse acts on the recipient. Then comes tho earthquake, an excellent effect. To divert the curse Claudian at length elects to die, and as he passes away the ghost of Holy Clement appears for a moment to witness the last of his curse. Mr. Barrett appears to admirable advan tage as Claudian. He Is specially suited In the part. He acts with reserve and adequate regard to the nicely-moulded feelings which the ever-varying situations demand. In the prologue he is the callous, unsympathetic profligate noble, sneering of manner, and thoughtless of aught but his own selfish pur pose. "When the curse haB fallen there is a tinge of melancholy in his mien, a hopeless ness that nothing could relieve, a dignity which carried him through, notwithstanding the haste and abruptness of his speech at limes. In the earthquake scene and the fer vid tragedy of the finale his performance Is marked with well-balanced discrimination. Miss Maud Jeffries made the most of the part of Almida, a character whose pathway is one of tragic tears and high strung emo tion, unrelieved by a single ray of sunshine, except in the first love scene with Agazil. Like Mr1. Berrett.she had a cordial reception. In such a play of stately Roman seriousness it would come as a shock to be brought face to face with humourous dialogue. Yet such has been cleverly Introduced. Mr. Horace Hodges, as a young farmer, and Miss Daisy Belmore, -as his sweetheart Edessa, contri bute some judicious fun. Nor must the snake like character of the Tetrarch, Tharlolagus be forgotten. By turns cringing and cruel, the character in the hands of Mr. T. IWlg- ney Percyval was a very effective study. Mr. Edward Irwin did justice to the part of Aga zil, the -honest lover of Almida. The feature of the prologue was the acting of Miss Lillah M'Carthy as Serena, a performance that re flects great credit on that lady. Mr. Carter- Edwards was very effective as the holy her mit, Clement, especially in the anathema scene at the cave. The scenery was superb. The harvest song by Miss C. Wilman was charmingly sung and the costumes tended to complete the magnificent Impression which this fine classic left on the mind. As a whole the performance was remarkable, as being one -of the few very completely magnificent plays with which the modern, stage has been classical enriched. "The Green Lanes of Ireland," formed, In honour of the season of the year, the bill on ' Saturday night at the. Royal Standard Thea tre, -where it was- effectively staged by Mr. Henry's Dramatic Company before an over flowing house. The piece, which abounds in sensation and romance, was played success fully in the suburbs during the week, and will be repeated at the Royal Standard to-night and to-morrow. The leading parts are well sustained by Mr. Robert Henry, Mr. II. N. Douglas, Mr. S. Poole, Miss Kathleen Raleigh, and Miss Laura Keene. Messrs. Stanford and Barnes again staged "Tracked Down " before a delighted audi ence at the Opera House in York-street on Saturday night, and the popularity of the piece seems to be well established. Mr. Stanford Is supported by a company of con siderable merit, and the operations of the play afford the members of the cast ample oenortunities for displaying their powers. ' The plot is a good one, and the situations ! which have been well thought -out, are excit ing and interesting. "Tracked Down" will fill the bill at this house' until further notice. Bread as a daily article of food Is used by only" nbout one- third of the population of the earth. Brandy was first used medicinally, and miraculous cures were ascribed to its em ployment. ' It is said that on an average the soldiers of Norway are taller than those of any other country. 