THE GHOST IN ARMOUR. A CHRISTMAS STORY. BY BILL NOTTS. What may this mean, That thou, dead corse, again in complete steel, Bevisitest thus the glimpses of the moon, Making night hideous 1 SHAKESrEABE. How odd a single hobgoblin's nonentity Should cause more tear than a whole host's identity. . . — BYBON. The ghost — the ghost again ! Dickens. (continued.) The morning of the day before Christ mas dawned bright and clear, the air had the peculiar sharpness which invites-exer cise abroad, the white mantle of snow still lay all around, everything was peaceful and soothing to the spirit, except in the hall, where all was bustle and preparation for the coming festival. Sir Francis Heatherdale was having, according to his favorite expression, a "glorious" time with his guests, and his never-failing ac tivity and good humor seemed to heighten the conviviality of his guests. Every room resounded with the hum of conver sation, mingled with laughter, and. wher ever I went I found merry groups" vho in sisted upon me joining them and giving them "just one more" of my wonderful bush yarns. I confess I began to feel rather ashamed of my inventive powers, conducive as they might be to the enter tainment of the company, and was often glad to escape to my favorite refuge in the muniment room or the mazes of the neighboring wood. In these excursions I kept both ears and eyes open for fur ther developments, but nothing suspicious happened, unless it were that in saunter ing around the rear of the hall, I noticed my poacher acquaintance hanging about in the vicinity of the servants' quarters, but as all the village seemed to have free access at this particular time, I could find no particular reason to object to his presence. Yet there was something fur tive in the way he glanced at me out of the corner of his eye, and the manner in which he lounged away around the corner of the building, but I felt I had no right to question his movements, and so strolled on. without remark. It was in the afternoon, when we were most of ue assembled in the principal room of the Hall, each passing the time as seemed best to them, that someone, I forget how, started the subject of the ancestral ghost. With my usual reserve I had retired to the depths of a com fortable arm-chair in a cosy nook near the . chimney, anil was idly turning over the leaves of the latest illustrated journal, when my attention was attracted to the conversation by the enquiry by one of the lady guests. " And do you- really believe, Sir Francis," srid she, "that this ancestor of your's walks abroad on Christinas Eve?" " My dear madam," replied Frank- gravely, " so it has been circumstantially reported for many years past, and I would not like to deny it on my own authority." " Pooh ! nonsense !" ejaculated one of the male guests, a young fellow full of fun and spirit. " Why shouldn't Sir Guy take a constitutional once a year? I'm sure he must get awfully tired of standing there keeping guard all the year round. I only hope he may favor us with his company this ovening. »Ve'd show hiin how-to keep up Christmas Eve." " Oh, don't be horrid," expostulated a charming youug lady with a pout. " J ust imagine him comihg tramp, tramp, down that staircase like the Commandant's stone statue in the opera of Don Juan. I'm sure I should expire with fright." "There isno need foralarm, Lady Alice," broke in a gentleman with a heavy mous tache, who, I was told, was something in the army, " there are enough gallant spirits here to protect the ladies and send Sir Guy back to his perch if he proved troublesome." " Perhaps so !" laughed another ; " but .when it came to the test you might feel like Richard the Third under similar circum stances." And here he struck an attitude and declaimed — Shadows to-night Have struck more terror to the soul of Biehard Thian fifty hosts, armed and caparisoned in" steel.. " Really, ladies and gentlemen," struck in another, a middle-aged gentleman with a scholarly look about him, " this is a per fectly useless discussion. " It has been demonstrated to the entire satisfaction of all intelligent persons," and here lie drew himself up stiffly, " that apparations are simply evolved' from an excited or dis eased imagination. > We surely are not ex pected to place credence in this enlightened nineteenth century in such an absurdity as a disembodied spirit putting "on a suit of armour and stalking about for the mere childish gratification of causing alarm to weak-minded men and women ? 'Such an assumption is unphilosophical and con sequently ridiculous." " You may be right according to your ideas," exclaimed Frank, rather nettled as I thought, " but I am inclined to fancy my forefathers and others who asserted this ghostly visitation to be a fact were not utterly idiotic, as you appear to con clude. nut here is my friend, Mr. Nutts, who was always rather fond of anything ghostly or mysterious. Let us hear his opinion." . There was a chorus of assent to this, so I very reluctantly put down my paper, and, assuming my most profoundly sagacious look, proceeded to defend the reality of my old mate's spectral an cestor. "Ladies and gentlemen," said T, "I have no desire to upset anyone's pre conceived ideas on this much debated subject, but I would beg to remiud you that people in all ages have believed in ghosts, and there have been s>> many verified narratives of such appearances even in modern times that it would hardly be fair to assume that those who have related them were either deliberate liars or congenial idiots. I confess I cannot understand what "rational object a ghost can have in annoying the living, unless to redress some wrong or to avenge a crime, but we cannot account for everything in this world. You may remember that Shakespeare very truly observed, ' There are more things in heaven aud earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy,' and it would be the height of presumption to deny the possibility of these appearances merely because we cannot understand their motives. As to the improbability of a disembodied spirit 'walking about in a material suit of armour, I see nothing extraordinary about it. If, as spiritual ists have shown, spirits ate able to move heavy articles of furniture from one place to another, there cannot be much difficulty in aspirit re turning and wearing the comparatively light steel armour it carried about in its earthly career. Without wishing to appear too credulous, and exposing my self to the contempt of those more intellectually gifted" — here I bowed to the scholarly gentleman, who seemed doubtful as to whether I meant it as a compliment, or was merely chaffing him — " I must say I fully believe in the authenticity of my friend Sir Francis's ghostly ancestor, and after the many evidences I have discovered among the family archives of Sir Guy's former nocturnal perambulations, I feel confident that he will make his usual rounds to-night, when my gallant friend"— here I Lowed to the military swell— "may' have an opportunity of showing his undaunted spirit in defence of the ladies. " Daring this harangue Frank had been looking at me with mingled astonishment and amusement until I finished, when taking- my arm and drawing me aside, he exclaimed, " My word, old man, yon hsvfin't lost the gift of the gab, as ire, used to say j I believe you've half convinced some' oT them that Sir Gay will drop in, in A iriendly way, this evening. > I almost wish He wbuld/ just to see how my guests ysuWreiyBivuhiBu" " Well, who knows but you may have your wish," said I, without a smile ; " stranger things have happened." " Why, you surely dont mean"— — cried Frank. " Never mind what I mean," I in terrupted, " but if Sir Guy don't walk to-night, if only to convince those who have made so free with his name, why I'm very much mistaken, that's all. So long for the present." " Well, ynu are a queer card, as you always was," remarked Frank rather impatiently, "and for the life of me I cannot make out what, you're driving at; but have it your own way. We'll see how things go to-night." " Yes, sir," said I mysteriously, " you shall see what you shall see. Farewell, remember me." " all right," said Frank with a laugh, "give my respects to Sir Guy and tell him not to disappoint me and my guests to-night." And with that I went off and left him to entertain his noble company. The secret of what Frank, very naturally, looked upon as my mysterious behavior was simply this. Listening to the incredulous remarks in the recent conversation the idea somehow came into my head to confound these infidels and confirm the legendary fame of Sir Guy's ghostly appearances, by investing myself in the ancient suit of mail and taking a walk round that evening. I would then have a capital opportunity of observing what effect a medireval ghost would have upon modern society, how such an appari tion might bring out the courage or cowardice of the male guests, while at the same time I would be adding one more proof to the previous records of Sir Guy's . visits to this mundane sphere. I had little fear but that if I came across any of the domestics in the corridors they would quickly clear out of my way, and I reckoned that when once 1 had shown my self at the entrance of the large apartment where the guests would he assembled, it would be quite easy for me to slip away in the confusion which would ensue and re turn to the old tower and restore the armour to its former position without dis covery. It was a wild idea, for which I cannot yet account, and as I have since considered rather foolish, not knowing what might be the result of a sudden fright to some temperaments, but the thought grew and developed until, right or wrong, I had made up my mind to per sonate the ancient free-booter and, having thus determined, 1 impatiently awaited the proper time to make my first appear ance as a medireval ghost. It was nearly eleven o'clock that same Christmas Eve, and the large assembly room was alive with revelry, music and dancing, as I quietly slipped out and made for the castle tower. I carried no light lest I might attract attention, hut the way had become so familiar that I found no difficulty in arriving in the deserted cor ridor of the old castle. Here my progress was much easier, as the dim moonlight threw faint gleams across the floor from the ruined casements, and 1 quickly en tered the muniment room and ascended to thechamber where theold suit of armour stood above the treasure chest. Here I struck a match and lighted a small lantern, carefully turning the light from the arrow slit in the front wall, though had any light beenobserved by personsoutside Ireckoned that the popular belief in the ghostly legend would make them keep a respectful distance. Then, biking off my shoes that my movements might be as quiet as pos sible, I approached the famous suit of armnur, not without some little trepida tion, I must admit, but this soon wore off as I became engaged in separating its various parts and fitting them on. As I had before judged it was not a bad fit for mo, and with a little loosening here and tightening there of the straps which held the pieces together I managed to present a very respectable simililude of the defunct Sir Guy as he appeared wjien ready for business. On handling the mace 1 found it was not of iron as I had supposed, but was made of some hard tougli wood, painted black to represent iron, as w;is the large egg-shaped knob at one" end. Probably the original weapon had been lost and this substituted, but although not so formidable it was an instrument which with a well-directed blow was quite cap able of putting a speedy end to a dispute. I laid it aside and was sitting on the chest, fitting on the steel shoes, which certainly were not adapted for" a rapid retreat, though as I presume Sir Guy, like most of his knightly compeers, took care always to fight on horseback, this did not so much matter, when I thought I heard the soun<l of wheels in "a rustic lane which ran along one side of the grounds. I listened at tentively until the sound ceased, as if the vehicle had been stopped at a point not far from the castle, and the next moment I heard the. lugubrious boot of an owl re peated thrice. My thoughts at once flashed back to the conversation I had heard in the wood, and 1 said to my self, " By the hokey ! that must be the cart .they were talking of. If this is the opening of the ball I shall hear some music presently. Whatever it is I'll see it out now." It was evident that I might be unpleasantly interrupted, so to be pre pared I hastily rook down the iron stand upon vhich the armour had been sus pended and stowed it away under a heap of the old arms. As I did so I heard the sound of footsteps in the room below ; so extinguishing my lantern I pushed it be hind the pedestal, hastily thrust my head into the helmet, seized the mace in my right hand just as the intruder began the ascent of the stairs, and having clambered with some difficulty on to the pedestal, as sumed the cnrrect attitude with my left hand upon my hip, and tny. right hanging by my side, tirtnly gripping the mace. As I stood there, scarcely daring to breathe, and with all my senses on the alert, I heard a match struck in the room below, and the light as of a candle shone through the square opening in the floor at the head- of . the stairs. Then I heard footsteps slowly ' ascending, and to my surprise a ruhicand visage rose above the flooring, folio ved by the portly form of that highly respectable domestic, VI r. Tack- son. I was puzzled to account for his pre sence the e at so untimely an hour, until it struck me that in his anxiety for the family plate, which was to grace the din ner table on Oliristmas Day, he had c -rae to assure himself of its safety, .but 1 was soon to learn his real motive. Holding the candle aloft he cast a keen glance around, and as he did so, re marked, " T thought I hea-d something moving in this precious old cockloft, but there's nothing alive here but the rats, unless that jolly old Guy up there is coming to life, again. -Don't disturb yourself, my lord,- by any means," he added, making a low bow " in my direction ; ".in ahout half an hour or lass you won't have much to trouble yourself with. ' But I musn't keep my pal waiting. So saying he moved towards the arrow slit and passed the light to and fro three times, and immediately the signal was answered by a low whistle. " That's all correct," said Mr. Jackson ; " I've left the rope hanging out of the window in the shadow of the tower, and Slim Jim's as active as a cat, so he'll have no trouble to get in. Ah ! there he is ; there's nothing like punctuality in busi ness." With that he advanced to the head of the stair and held the light while another character appeared upon the scene. This was a very tall, very thin man, whom I at once decided was. the Slim -l,im alluded to, and well he merited his sobri quet, and as he crossed the floor in a crouching attitude and with noiseless tread, he reminded me of the " harmless, necessary cat," as Shakspeare says, intent on a midnight prowl. In one hand he carried one of those instruments jocularly known as a life-preserver, and in the other a black leather bag which he placed carefully on the floor, and then straighten ing himself to his full height took a rapid survey of the ohamber. - It was now pretty clear to me that this preoious pair were old acquaintances, and that their object was nothing less than to alistract the valuable contents of the chest at my feet. This was certainly a serious state of affairs and I felt in a terrible dilemma. If I were to attempt to raise an alarm my voice would not be heard at such a dis tance, especially with the noisy festivity going , on, and' burdened as I was with this cumbersome suit of metal I would be no match for these two scoundrels, who could easily overpower me. I was in an awful perplexity as to what to do, so wisely concluded to do nothing and watch the course of events. " -tare it's all right, mate ?" inquired -liin Jim, in a thin, hollow whisper ; "rather risky flashing that glim, .wasn't it now ? I could have brought my ' darkey' all right, and never showed a speck of light." - " You needn't be afraid," replied Mr. Jackson rather curtly. " Of course, if anybody sees a light here they'll think it's the ghost as usual and keep far enough away. Is Tom ready with the cart in the lane ?" "In course he is," piped the other, "didn't he give me a lift from the village. But don't let's lose time talking ; stow your patter and let's nab the swag. Here's the persuaders," and he touched the bag with his foot, " though what's the use of 'em when you've got a key beats me. All you've got to do is to open that rusty old box and help me stow the swag in this sack, then we'll lower it from the window and I and Tom will soon have it in the cart, and then ' nammues' is the word as fast as we can." . " Oh, 1 dare say, exclaimed -Mr. Jack son scornfully, " you'd like to do the job easy and let me lose a good situation and a first class character. Not if L know it, Jim. I've got to And out- the robbery in the morning, give all the information I can to the police, and show how anxious_I am to recover my noble master's property. Must keep my character you know, Jim." " Character be blowed," said Slim Jim with a sneer ; "you're a nice sort to blow about character, ain't yer ?" " I'd like to know how you'd get on if I hadn't one," replied Mr. Jackson rather hotly. " Didn't I get this place and put you on the lay, all through my character ? And what's more, I'm not going to lose it if I can help it. It might come in useful again yet." " Oh ! no offence, mate," protested Slim Jim. " I allows as yer character has been werry .useful, but business is business ; stow your patter and show the glim while I crack this blooming crib " With chat ho opened the bag, and taking out a short steel bar with a chisel end, technically known as a "jemmy," he knelt down before the chest and began to force it under the lid, while Mr. Jackson stood near by holding the light so as to assist the operation. As may bo supposed, I was getting awfully tired of acting the part of a living statue. My limbs were becoming cramped with my enforced immobility, and my mind was in a turmoil as to how to pre vent the robbery which was going on literally " right under my nose." If I could manage to preserve my statuesque position t might escape notice while this precious pair of scamps carried off the plunder, but in that case when 1 could safely give the alarm it might be gone beyond hope of recovery. It was evident some decisive and immediate action was necessary, and I quickly determined to .take the risk. In the brief interval of these cogitations, >lim Jim with professional dexterity had inserted his jemmy, and with one sharp crack the lid burst from its fastenings. The burglar threw back the lid and bent over to examine the contents of the chest, while his companion also drew closer. They remained motionless while gloating over the booty which seemed within their grasp, when I heaved up the mace and brought it down with all tny power upon the head of Slim Jim, who fell back with out a word and lay on his back witli his legs and arms extended, looking like a gigantic spider. I thought at the instant that I had killed him, but I had no time for regret, if I felt any, for as -Slim Jim dropped under my blow, .Mr. Jackson gave one startled glance as I raised the mace for a second blow, and with a terrific yell, dropped the light and made a rush for the stairs, down which 1 heard him scrambling with an agility for which I had not given him credit. As. fast as my stiffened limbs would allow I stepped down from the pedestal and hurried after hiui. Hie candle was extinguished but the dim moonlight was sufficient to light my way. I descended the stairs as quickly as possible and entering the corridor saw the terrified butler speeding for tlie stair case. I rushed after him, the ill-fitting suit of armour making an " awful clatter like so much loose ironmongery, and the sound seemed to spur the fugi'ive in his flight.- I had traversed half the corridor and he had. gained the head of the stair case, when he turned and gave one hasty glance behind him. I let out an unearthly roar and flourished my mace as 1 advanced, and the butler giving one more awful scream of affright, turned to continue his flight, when His foot slipped and he went rolling down, bumping from one broad stair to another, until he lay in a heap, bruised and senseless at the bottom, just as 1 arrived at the top and stood there to take breath before descending. lean while the alarm had been given. The terrified cries of Mr. Jacksou, in distinctly heard at first, had attracted at tention, and a number of the male "and Female servants had hurried into the passage just in time to see that ruspecable domestic make his undignified descent from above. Th-y had uot much time to speculate on this strange spectacle when I made my- appearance in the full light, of the candelabra which illumined the scene. The effect was Immediate, and lo_me amusing. I saw a crowd of. white- faces lifted towards me, then there was a chorus of screams and yells, and-with one general shout of " The ghost, the ghost !" thoy all rau for their lives. S nne made off to the further, part of the mansion, while others rushed, into the dance room, and repeated the awful cry... At once the music stopped short, and while some of the ladies screamed and fainted, others of sterner stuff rushed out into the passage in company with their partners, headed by their host. There was' a dead stop,, however, when they beheld me standing, stern and. still, at the" head of the stairs, and the tumult waxed louder." L could not but laugh as I noticed the scholar who ridiculed the "supernatural collapse iii a heap, and the valorous military genLleman beat a hurried retreat into the ball room. It was rather flattering to my vanity, perhaps, to see the sensation I had pro duced, but I was fearful of' the .rogue 1 li id left behind recovering and. making his escape, so hastened to puc'an end to the dramatic situation. "Hullo, Frank," I shouted"; "make sure, of that fat rascal down there, and then, look alive and come and help me nab the other." " "By Jove!" exclaimed Frank ; "if that isn't Billy Nutts" it's the devil him self. Secure this man till we' see what's up. Here's with you, mite, stay behind who likes." . : With that he. ran forward ' and hurried up the staircase, and while some of the men dragged vlr. Jackson into the ball room, half a dozen or more reassured by Frank's wor Is quickly followed him. " Don't ask questions," I exclaimed, as they began to question me ; " come on as quick as you like, aud you'll soon understand the "little game L've broken up." By this time several lights had been procured, and following my lead all en tered the tower and ascended after me. as I gained the upper story I held my mace ready in case Slim Jim had re covered sufficient to show fight, but my blow had knocked the senses out of him pretty completely, and he was raakiug convulsive movements with his arms and legs when he was pounced upon and secured. The open chest with its broken lid gave everyone' a good idea of what had been attempted, and when Frank had called up ' three or four of his most, trusted domestics to. remove the valuables to a less exposed apartment. Slim Jim was dragged down the stairs and was soon, along with his friend Mr. Jack son, consigned to & strong room until the police shuulcl come to remove them next morning. As to myself, Frank_w.os so delighted with my performance that he insisted on my joining the company, accoutred as I was, and as his friends hailed the idea with wild delight, I was forced to comply, merely stipulating that I should remove the helmet, in which- after my late exer tions I began to find breathing rather uncomfortable. So surrounded with a laughing and applaudiug throng I was escorted into the ball-room, and there, the dance having been broken up for that nig-it I was given the place of honor and compelled to give a full, true, and circum stantial account of my adventure. In my character of Sir Guy my health was toasted with vociferous cheers over and over again, until I begged to be allowed to shed my metallic shell and retire to rest, and at length tlie delighted com pany unwillingly dispersed for the night. There is no need to prolong-my already prolix narrative. Suffice it to say that the two chief criminals were in due course tried and sentenced to a long term of imprisonment, but their accomplice, the poacher, who had doubtless- taken the alarm when the disturbance arose and driven off in a hurry, was never seen in that part of the country again. We found after some enquiry that nr. Jack son had obtained several similar situations previously by means of forged testimoni als and thus assisted in the success of many a burglary which had baffled the police, and they were glad enough to have secured such a dangerous criminal. As for myself I was exalted into a perfect hero. I received I don't know how many invitations to the mansions of the neigh boring gentry, and Frank was almost of fended -when I declined his offer take up my. quarters with him for good. Hut the old wandering spirit was too strong for me, I longed for the freedom of the bush and plain of Australia, and so after a week or two of thorough enjoyment I started on my return to London a -d thence to Victoria, not without substan tial nroofs of Frank's gratitude.- Since then we have corresponded at- times and I learn that he has married the girl of his choice, and is rearing a thriving" family to whom on Christinas Evb he always repeats the story of his old bliuui Billy Nutts, and the " Ghost in Armour.-' I fear my tale has been rather wearisome, if so 1 beg the kind indulgence of my read ers with the assurance— I would ere now my story had been done, But stories "somehow lengthen when begun. Keechwokth Gymnasium Sports.— The meeting this year promises to be highly successful, as the club intends carrying out their sports on a much larger scale than hitherto attempted. In addition to the footracing events, there will also be hack racing and a number of bicycle events. Several novelties will this year be introduced, and the public are guaran teed a splendid day's outing at -the moderate charge of sixpence. Refresh ments will also be provided on the ground, and arrangements have been made with the Euroa Factory for a consignment of ice on that day. A noticeable addition is proposed to the horse-racing in a trotting match if sufficient encouragement be given, and as entries for the other events are coining in freely, this will probably form a feature of the programme. Victorian. Oycliso Road Map. -We have much pleasure in acknowledging the receipt from Mr. C. Tucker, of the Vic torian Cycling Directory, of .i large clearly engraved map for»_the use of cyclists, tourists and the public generally of Vic toria. The map shows clearly all main roads and railway stations, distances being shown in red figures, as is also the character of the country, "whether good or bad, open or mountainous, ; and other information of importance to tourists. The map has been carefully compiled from the sectional parts published by the Lands Department, and is, therefore, thoroughly reliable for reference. It is published in connection with the direc tory which will shortly appear, and which will give particulars"as- to clubs, hotels, machines", "tracks, tours, etc., and as the price, including the map, will be only Is. 6J., the publication should be in general favor among cyclists and others contem plating a tour in the provincial districts. iyrtleford Stock Sale. —Messrs. J. G. Shields and Co. will hold their usual fortnightly sale of live stock at Myrtleford on Tuesday, when they will offer fat and store pat tie, horses, sheep, &c.; Entries of stock will bo received up to the morning of the sale. The sale will commence at 12.30 p.m. sharp. Departure of tub Mail. — Mails for Europe and the East will-be despatched by the It. M.S. Himalaya on Tuesday, Janu ary 25th. The times for closing at the Beechworth Post-office will be as uuder : — For money orders, 3 p.m. on Saturday, January 22nd ; for registered letters, 4 p.m. on Monday, January 24th ; aiid for ordinary letters, newspapers and packets, Monday evening, January 24th. myrtleford annual Races. — The full programme of the aunuat meeting of the Myrtleford Race Club appears in another eolumn, and with its various events should provide a capital day's amusement on Wednesday, 26tii January,, the Aus tralian Natives' day. The "course now boasts a new and improved running track, one mile round, and various other im provements made in the interests of horse owners. Particulars as to entries, &c.;, will be found on . reference to the adver tisement. The" day's recreation will be followed by a concert aud dance the same -night : in fact, every provision lias been made for tlie convenience and enjoyment of visitors. 