AN ADYENTUJ.E WITII ELEPHANTS. Elephant catching has long been practised in our north-eastern districts in India. The most successful man was Mr. Sanderson, but a good deal of that was due to the system introduced by his predecessor, Mr. Nuttall, and to his having acted on the advice of the late Captain Williamson to commence operations in the Garrow country, the old grounds having been over-hunted, and also to his own great energy and not interfering too much with his trained mahouts. I accompanied Mr. Nuttall in one of his last hunts-his health was then broken down from repeated attacks of fever, which led, a year or so after wards, to his death. But he was most anxious to do his duty, and, knowing that I took great interest in everything connected with sport, he asked me to accompany him. I wanted him then to try the foot of the Garrow Hills, but his arrangements had already been made, and we went into one of his old beats in the Chittagong district. To catch elephants months of pre parations are required. I could not get away as soon as I expected, and it was only a few days before the final drive took place that I joined him. We were not very successful. In the first keddah only 27, and in the second only 19 elephants were caught, which scarcely paid for the expenses in curred; but no blame could be attached to the superintendent, for both he and his head sergeant had been and were still ill off and on from malarial fever. The chief jemader had died, the second had been killed, whilst the third, who would have succeeded, had left the de. 'partment and taken service with me some time before; so, as the heads of the department were not properly re presented, the operations suffered. Ele phant catching in keddahs has often been described, and, but for a curious circumstance which happened, I should not be now writing this article. The herd we had surrounded was a very large one, and after two day's constant trouble and watching by day and night,"the great part of the ani mals had been' driven into the re entering angle of the keddah, when there was a great disturbance ahead, and the leading files halted and showed signs of breaking back. We found it was caused by a tiger, who had got into the stockade and was endeavouring to get back into the jungle. Mr. Nuttall was aroused from his sick bed, and, looking very feeble, took command, and every available man and beast was pushed to the front to in duce the recalcitrant beasts to continue their flight within the enclosure. They were driven forward once or twice, but rushed back in a panic on hearing the guttural roar of the tiger, who was just inside the paling in a clump of long grass. I went some distance ahead and climbed up a tree that overlooked the interior, with the view of slaying Mr. Stripes, but I could not get a glimpse of him. But he must have left his post to try if he could find another exit, and during this interval the roar ing ceased, and we managed to get 27 adult elephants, five tuskers, two muchnas, 15 well-grown females, and five three- parts grown youngsters, be sides about four calves, well inside. The brute just then roared again, and the herd inside right about faced, and the people, fearing that it might es cape, barred the entrance rather pre maturely, for some dozen more ele phants were then close by, and might have entered. The men on the look out endeavoured to withdraw the bars, but just then a succession of roars caused a fearful panic, and all those not already entrapped forced their way back and escaped. Nuttall had to re tire almost in an unconscious state, and, as I was a stranger, I had no con trol over the keddah men, and neither my elephants nor jemadar were with me. Once a herd is entrapped, everything should be kept as quiet as possible. Fires are lit outside, and men armed with spears and blazing torches sta tioned outside; while the animals must not be irritated. But that con founded tiger would not be quiet, neither could he escape, so he kept them on the qui vive the whole night. If the captives are left in peace for a few hours they settle down and get reconciled to their fate. As soon as it was -daybreak I asked Nuttall if I should go inside on a staunch elephant and endeavour to shoot the feline, but he thought it was better not to do so; and now that it was daylight he thought the tiger would find a loophole and escape. I was just returning to my tent to bathe when there was a greater row than ever, and the jemadar begged me to come with him, and he would show me a tree, when I could pot the tiger-because, if he was al lowed to disturb the herd much longer, he was sure they would rush at the barred entrance in a body and escape. I went at once and took up my posi tion. I could see a great commotion going on, but could not see any por tion of the tiger. The roaring of the beast and the trumpeting of the ele phants was incessant; the herd were gathered in a cluster, with their tails all but touching the stockade, endea vouring to get away as far as possible from a clump of grass. I was thinking of firing into the grass, when I saw a large tusker rush forward, and with a vigorous kick with his forefoot, he sent a brindled mass flying, and fol lowing up his opponent quickly, he threw him well into the air. As he ,fell the tusker got him between his legs and commenced to play football. kicking the struggling brute forward with his hind legs and back with his fore, ard I knew all would soon be over. The tiger's roars degenerated Into half-roars, half-growls, which were all but overpowered by the screams of the elephants, who in 'chorus created a din which could be heard many miles off, and which were taken up and re-echoed by our tame elephants. This brought poor Nut tall off his sick bed; but the tragedy was all but finished. The tiger, with a dying effort, got hold of the ele phant's foreleg just above the foot: the pachyderm gave one prolonged scream, then, shaking off the Incubus, anua clear, and with lightning speed knelt on his opponent, who soon gave un the ghost. The enraged monster lifted him up and threw him towards the herd, who rushed forward, and in a. few minutes kicked and trampled the tiger into the dirt, leaving no semblance of his ever having been the king of beasts. Even after it was evi dent that there was no life left in the foe, first one elephant and then the other would run forward, and, after administering a kick, quickly retire, giving utterance to his valedictory ad Sdress. We' had double guards over the Sstackade for two dave, and as the im prisoned beasts lhed lied no water rh-' but such fodder as we thrg~t and themn, they were greatly,afejng thenm we bad no difficulty Ar" them to a place one d .aby one, a~is p1enty of water and where theXli we could not remove the fO1d, i' the tiger for nearly three days ft eventually spoilt: hut when we got the body of the tiger out it was won derful to see what little damage was done to the skin, though. of course, the body was must offensive. After beine washed and pegged out, no one would have guessed what a violent death the beast had met, hut the hair peeled off, and as a. trophy the skin was useless. Our second venture was even less suceeseftil. and cuite unevent fiil. Poor Nuttall coon afterwards died, exhansted hy thirty years' resi dence in this malarial and pestilential portion of our possessions-but after doing his duty like a man.-F. T. Pol lok, Col., In "The Field." 