The Methodist Aggression Problem. TO THE EDITOR. Sir, — When a new edition of the saored Scriptures shall be brought out, an emenda tion might be made in an oft quoted passage so as to make it read, 'Not by might, nor by power, nor by strong ])7irasing, but by My Spirit, saith the Lord.'* If strong phrasing could solve spiritual problems, then the writer of some of your 'Outlook ' notes in last week's issue might be left un aided to do the business. For instance, ' We have it on the best of authority that Sabbath deseoration and unblushing immor ality and open blasphemy are increasing to an alarming extent in almost every part of the city.' One rubs his eyes in amazement as he reads this terrible indiotment, and asks, Can it be true ? And, if it be true, what have all the Churches, the City Mis Bion. the Central Mission, the Salvation Army and the Christian Endeavourers been doing? Blank failure is written right aoross the whole of their operations, and a few more sisters, and evangelists, and brass bands, will hardly make an appreciable impression where so much spiritual energy has been tried and found wanting. Later on your ' Outlook ' writer ventures to express the hope that ' some broad statesmanlike scheme' may be presented that 'will really grapple with the present position of things, and mean the seizing for Christ of these thousands of anti-Christian people crowded together in such city centres as Pyrmont, Woolloomooloo, and Surry Hills.' Now, sir, I would not have ventured to comment on any of your semi-editorial matter, if I had not felt that the whole of the three paragraphs to which I refer are an oblique attack on some members of the Aggression Committee, because of the oriticisms they levelled at certain immature proposals to incorporate all the oircuits within the city boundaries in a 'Metropoli- tan Mission.' That proposal meant either less or more than appeared upon the sur face, and contemplated involving 'Connex- ional effort ' for an undetermined quantity. Hence, the persistent demand that the pro posals should be more specific and be formulated on a workable plan. Your writer's strong phrasing oauses a calm reader to ask, Has the plan proposed and now under discussion wrought such wonders as the paragraphs would imply, where it has already been tried 1 Have the ' thousands ' of anti-Christian people of Central Sydney, Haymarket, and Pyrmont been ' seized for Christ ?'' The Mission has had years of opportunity to do this; and yet, acoording to your writer's description, there is not even one bright spot in the' whole of the city area. Hence, one part of your writer's indictment may be allowed to answer the other. I hope that whatever the Conference may eventually do in the matter of city Metho dism, it will at least approaoh tbe question calmly and dispassionately. If ever a sane and well-balanced mind was necessary to state a oase and solve a problem, it is needed here. For my part, I cannot believe that the earnest, intelligent, and affection ate preaching of the Gospel is played out. Nor can I think that a few more young sisters and well-meaning evangelists will be a permament improvement upon a well organised Christian Church, with a diligent pastor at its head, attending primarily to its spiritual interests, and seeking to oover the field of the immediate neighbourhood with a net-work of agenoies, such as should appertain to every living Church and every aggressive circuit. Just at the present time WeBley Church is alive and prospering; Hay- i Street and Pyrmont are showing signs of j improvement, although no longer part of the Mission; and Bourke Street is being worked on circuit lines, with a growing congregation and an enlivening interest all round. These faots should be taken into consideration before committing ourselves to a proposal which attaches the stigma of failure to our oirouit methods, makes no provision for dealing with trust liabilities and difficulties, and fosters a fondness for methods that are novel and sensational. If the scheme proposed does not do this, then I want to know why oannot all that is pro posed be oarried out by each individual oirouit aooording to its own local require ments, and without throwing the metroplis as & spiritual pauper upon the shoulders of ' connexional effort ' as proposed. I am old fashioned and conservative enough to believe that we should work old Methodism for all it is worth ; and I have the convic tion that if it is worked thoroughly and in profound reliance upon the presence and power of God the Holy Ghost it will yield1 results as gracious and as glorious as have ever yet been seen in its history. I am, &c;, J. E. Carruthers. Shop walker : ' She complains that you didn't show her common civility.' Shop girl : ' I showed her everything in my department, sir.' * * * 11 My curiosity is running away with me,' said the farmer, when his two headed calf got loose and towed him round the barnyard. 