MARLEY HOUSE. " Don't take that houss, sir, if that's what you're a-thinking of I " I had just come out of tbe dilapidated gate of tho said house, with the latch key, lent, me by the agent, in my hand. The speaker waa an old man—a gardener, I'm sure, for he was BO bent and limped. All gardeners limp—they always manage to chop themselves Willi a spade, or get a prod with a fork ' or do something that engenders a limp—it's their stock -in-trade. i " Good morning, friend," said I, pausing, " That is exactly what I am thinking of do- ] ing, you see it is a nicc. roomy old house, with a garden, only it all wants repair, on which account the rent iB absurdly cheap. 1 Why, then shouldn't I lake tbo houBe? " | "Because it's haunted, sir," said the old I gardener, drily—" that'B why." 1 laughed. I did not believe in all that Bort of " rubbish," as 1 termed it; at any rate I thought I didn't, and would not for tbe world have admilled lhat I had nerves that might be shaken, or that, like most other folks, 1 was liable to what I then scornfully callod superstitious, ignorant fears. So I laughed and shrugged my shoulders." Haunted, forsooth I oil, I don't believe in all that nonsense, you see." "H'm. Well, sir, I daresay you've a heap more larnin' nor mc, but for all that," said tbo old man, composedly confident, " you'll find it ain'l no nonsense. Nobody can't stop in it—nor won't you, sir, for all your big talk. In course the agent wouldn't say a word agin it—why iB it so cheap?" " Tho reason is plain," said I. " the house is in such a state of disrepair; but my workmen—" " Parding me, sir, but no workman's been able to get more'n a day's work done. Tbe next morning it's all undone, aud some more part of the fabris come down with it." " What utter rubbish 1" I exclaimed, in all the indignant pride of offended reason; " one can see at once that tricks have been played. By Jove, I'll set men to work and keep watch myself! " " Tricks! Lord, sir, there isn't a creature about all Marley as would go near thiB houBe at night! Play tricks, indeed! The place is accursed like." " Bab I what is the story ? " I asked, scoflingly; " a curse on it, you say ? " " Yes, sir, why not ? The Btory here iB that in the last century its owner was a frightful blasphemer and reprobate—worso far than most, and earned on his wickedest deeds in that house. At last he fell in a duel nigh mortal wounded, and in a great fear of death. So he sent for the priest wbat be'd scoffed at before, and took a solemn oath that if he recovered he'd reform, pull down that house of his ioiquities, and build a church tlicie as a ex pi ation (is that right, xir ?) of hiB sins. But when he recovered— as lie did, liko a muade almost—he broke his oath, He didn't and wouldn't pull down his house, Bwore it should never come down, and went on as bad as over. The good priest went to him ono night, they say, and nevor come back, though no one could exactly prove that Sir Richard Marley murdered him, and so be got off. They Raid the priest laid the curse of God on tbe house and its master, and certain sure Sir Richard was killed in the midBt of a wild orgie by a part of tbe roof falling un him. You can try your luck, sir, and watch twenty times, but you'll find it's true, reason or no reason. Don't take that house, I Bay." I thanked him for bis advice and Btory, resolved, of course, to go my own way. Such rubbish, forsooth, to frighten an intelligent, reasoning man of tho world, past thirty! But still, thought), though it's absurd about the repairs failing, I may as well only tako conditionally on my completing the needful renovation of Marley House. A vague, disagreeablo senBution went through me when the ageut readily consented to this proviso, but I Bhook off the feoling, and gave my orders to a London builder. I went myself down to Marley the day after the materials for scaffolding, &c.;, and men with a foreman had departed. The first day'B work was to erect scaffolding in tbe front up to the second storey (the houBe had only two), at least so for ns they could in tbe firet day, and they got on well —good, sound work. No sort of jerry work, I knew, with Messrs. . The next morning, when I went over from the village, 1 found tbe foreman mack vexed, and I learnt, with another disagreeable thrill, that in the night a heavy piece of copingstone from an upper window had fallen down and damaged part of the scaffolding ;the men were now repairing this before they could proceed. The coping lay before my eyes, and 1 could see the place whonce it had fallen. I went away angry and upBet. If anyone wore doing this—by Jove, I would soon find out, and turn tho tables. Next morning 1 found, vriih secret consternation, that another dislodgment and damago had taken placo. Tho foreman said he feared the house was in a worse stato than their surveyor had thought " We can't get on a bit, at this rate, sir," ho Baid. " 1 think," I answered, " that eopaeonp io tho village is playing a trick, but they shall pay for it. We'll see what to-morrow- brings anyhow" 1 Buid nothing of iny intentions lo anybody, lest the unknown enemy should attempt to play mo a trick also. I merely told my innkeeper that I should not bo back till the next day, aud after a late dinner or early supper, which you ploase, I provided myself with biscuits aud a pocket flask of mixed brandy, and departed for my watch. It was ten o'clock when I let myself into Marley House, and the first thing I did was to search every room and nook, by aid of the brilliant moonlight that shone in through tbe windows and a small lautern I had brought There was not aliving thing about save myself; even rats and mice had deserted tbe houBe long ago. Finally I came back to the big dining room in front, and sat down in a window seat to keop my sentinellike watch. It was dreary work, 1 am free to confess, and, deapite my philosophy and sceptical wisdom, I could not shake off a disagreeable recalling of all the old gardener had said, with the quiet weight of liis own simplo, absolute bdief in the Btory. I got to start at every crack or creak of the old woodwork, and tried not to laugh at my own ncrvouB folly—not aloud, remember—somehow I did not particularly dosire to bear the hollow echo of my own laugh or voico. Twdve o'clock by my watch. I wasalmoB 1 painfully sleepless now, with an increasing internal excitement, that Btrung my nerves upeaoh minute to a yet greater tension. Half-past twelve—one o'clock ; I hoar it acrosB the still country from the distant dock of Marley Church. "I'm a fool to stay on," I muttered, angry with myself for the horrid creepy feeling that would persistently come over me. " There is nothing at all; trick or—or anything else; bits of old coping fellthat'sail—loosened by—bark! what is that!" I stopped with a sndden paralysing sensation of homo, that froze my blood aud made my flesh creep. The muffled, stealthy tmd, it seemed, of hundreds of feet coming on—on, every moment. Was I dreaming or going road? Did I only fancy that I saw that intangible dark crowd of a past century, with set, ghastly faces, pressing onwards as I— gazed—swarming up tbe ladder, the scaffoldpoles, in at the window, up to the roof, striking with hatchets at wood and stone and brick as they went? Was it Great Heaven*! that was not fancy—tliat sndden crash of falling timber and roar of tumbling wallB without, within, above, around! With one awful cry that broke the spell, I rushed forth into the open blindly, through the clouds of dust and deafening roar; as the whole building fell in, a mass of ruins, be* ' hind me. . . . . . 1 could nc,cr ! h «c told how I got back to , the inn; and the landlord, who let me in, toW mo afterwards that 1 " looked awful- as if you had seen a ghost, sir!" Kor wccka nervous system felt shattorcd.but at tho time the only creature 1 told of my horrible night's experience was tho old gardener. Ah, sir," he said, *'*l'e what I expected, as I tolled ye. Nobody couldn't build up that place, as was cursed by a broken oath and the murder of a holy priest. I knew what it was directly I went along there about five that morning, and sue the old den of iniquity a mass of ruins." ' "You saw it first?" I exclaimed. " Oh, yes, sir. I went each morning after you set tho men to work, and I saw the damage first each time. There'll have to be a church, or maybe village hospital, built there, if the bit of land is ever to be built on at all." " A good work would be an expiation." I answered with grave reverence. I am a scoffer no more!" (THE END.] 