Ml f J" " 0111 ' nWMU A NOVEL GHOST STORY. Authentic ghos t stories are apt to have less point than the ghost Stories if literature. Hamlet's father does not revisit tho glimpses , of- the moon for nothing. Banquo lias cVory cause to firoablo the feast and the cmaocloneo of Macbeth, and so on. Tales which have no claim to clasaio dignity follow these standard examples. > - Tho - other world in fiction-does not reveal itself unreasonably. In the tBle- putltic records of oiar frionds who believe in psyiiiiual research, something similar may often Ire observed. The phantasms df the living, for example if yon Once grant- th6m, may generally justify themselves feij some thing better than caprice. With (ha few ghoBt Bl crieB, however, whioh coinq to one's knowla igo neither from literature iior from scicntifi o asBooiations, nor from mere hear say, the case iB depreseingly diff-yront. The apparitions seem cither viiry unreasonable or governoei in their condnct by limes of reason ing totally foreign to any human habit. ' Such, at least, was the ease when, about seveD years ago a curions thing happened in a small town on the coast of New" England. The incident has no rational meaning. At Hie same time it prodnced on 'tho pcoplo con cerned an impression suffitieaitly marked to make it worth recording, Bis vary lack of moaning, perhaps, gives it a tcctaliBiug odd ity of its own. Towards tho end of one Angust a gentle- iman started a little after eight o'clock in the evening to call on some friepds who lived a n file or more away. Hadrcwo himself in an m dinary buggy, and his horso was an every- ' dqr animal from a country 'stable. His road, with which he was perfectly familiar, led dovn a hill, at the foot of which it - curved tow.trds a belt of low wocidB, through whioh. it pi oceeded for perhaps a quarter of a mile. | -i-ftar emerging from these woods it passed. tnroS'gh a region-, of etono walled pastures to tlfci village, .st tho edge of which his friends lived. Tlmse friends mere sitting indoors,, 'for- tho evening', though i pt- licr less dark than usual, was distinctly chitly. Their house was quite new— so now, in fact, that the fence which now separates the grounds from the highway had not yet been pat up. In place of it a rough board fence,' of the height iof an ordin ary country rail fence, had beeu knocked together for the moment. TIjfis structure," however, was by no means Acta, the boards which composed it wore hic&il.-r; nailed to posts at a consuterablo distance apart. At 8.30 or so the visitor: arrived at his destination. He was a man -»f education and intelligence, and of uhnsrally simplo and regiilur habits. He certaraly was not pos sessed of much imagination, nor was he generally excitable. Yw would have colled him, perhaps, agreeably' matter-of-fact in teanper. His friends, tijeu, were sunprisod to observe that he wasinei state of distinct agitation. Hd had driven down, the hill, he said, with out adventuro; and nothing had happened until ho had reached the edge of the wooda through which his road passed. There ho had been startled by a sudden movement of his horse, which, stopped short, and, appar ently in terror, shied to one side of tho road. Looking to see what had startled the animal,, whicili was now trembling, lie perceived close to thlr front wheel of hiB buggy tho figure of a man. -This man wore a broad -brimmed hat, vriiieh llappqd a little over his face; and his bitdy seemed draped in a long cloak, or somo. such unusual garment. Altogether, in the dim light,' he had an unusual look. He said nothing, .so tho man - in tho buggy addrensod him, asking what be wanted. Ho made no answer and no movement whatever- Mean while the horse kept edging awqy from him. Disturbed by this state of affairs, tho drivdr whipped tho animal, which started aheail rather wildly. To his intense surprise, the fijguro remained close to the wheel. As tho blorso dashed on, the figure glided on, at a pane which no ordinary man coold pretend to ke|sp up, yet without either a sound or aa obvidus motion. Then, as tho driver's eyo grew (more used to the dim light, the figure, thuB gliding swiftly beside him, seemed half transparent. At one or two points where tho woods were thin he cenld see through the thing — whatovor it was — to the stono wofils, and the trees behind it. He whipped tho horse again and again, and the horse, which seemed thoronghly frightened, went at full speed. Still their unearthly companion glided on, antil just as they were emerging from the woods, it suddenly disappeared. That- was tho whole story. A fact which afterwards transpired was not nt that time known to any of the company. At this moment the spot where the thing vanished is a small country lot, covered with0 a tangled growth of low piueB -and underbrush. A century or more ago, it appears, this lot was a burying-ground, Whatever tho excited gentleman had really scon, his agitation was rather painful Aftor about half an hour, however, it began to subside undertheiofluenco of sympathetic talk; and presently he said good-bye to the company. Ho was to leave that part of tho country next day; and ho wished to. make another farewell call or two beforo proceeding home. So everybody took friendly- leave of him, as they supposed for the season. Not more than a minute or two elapsed be fore ho returned. Something, he said, had' happened to his horse; in the darkness ho could not qnite make out' what tho matter was; he should have to ask for a lantern. So a lantern was . procured; and the whole company, whose curiosity was thoroughly aroused, went out with him to soe what hod occurred. Tho part of the story which follows, them had a number of witnesses; otherwise it would bo as inorodible as it certainly was meaningless. With equal certainty, however, it was distinctly and unpleasantly queer. ' When the gentleman had rooohed thohouse he hod Btopped his horse just outside the temporary board fence whioh separated the grounds from the publie rood. Binding no regular arrangements for tying the animal, ho hod taken .a rather long hitching strap, which was in hiB buggy, and mode it fast to the'top board of tho fence. This proved to he' about three feet above the ground on which tho horso was left standing. The reins, meanwhile, had been tacked between the Bplashboard of tho buggy and the whip, which wqb standing in its socket. Thus left outside the rough fenae, to which it was soourely tied, the horso had seemed perfectly safe. Butwhon its muatci had como out again, something had evidently geno .wrong. To discover just what thiB was the lantern had been brought,ond' the company had eoma out. \- The light of the lantern revealed a state of things which hss never been explained: What had happened wob this: Somehow or otlior thq horso had bodily got over the fonce and was standing on tbo ground inside. Tho buggy, meanwhflo,romained outside, and the shafts almost touched the board which now separated tho liorso from the vehicle. Of course, one's firBt thought was that the animal, whioh had shared its master's dis turbance, b,ad got restless, and bad jumped the fonco. 'But on oareful examination bo traces of sueh restlessness were to bo found. Tho reins were still tuakod, not very seaurely, between the, splashboard and. the whip. There were no marks on either, sido, of the fence which would indicate any violent move ment of tho horse's feet. The fence, again, was tco high for any horse to step over with out hitting it; yet it bore no traces of any blow from a hoof, What is morei.it was so I lightly knooked together that any violent movement on the horse's part would probably have pulled it apart; yet it was as finn ns over. In Short, whatever haffreally happened, the appeoronCo of things was exactly what would have resulted from an utterly, impossible occurrence, namely, tho bodily lifting of the- aniiual over tho fence from the public road to the grounds within. A certain fact is that the only, way of re leasing tbo horee was to unharness him from tho buggy and to lead him round to the. vehicle again through n gato some little distanco away. In the process of UuharnesB- iflg, too, it .became evident that tho harness had in no way been diisturbed. To explain tbo thing at all, in short, wC had to conclude, that while thegentleniau was making his cull and relating his ghostly experience some misohiovous passer-by had taken the tronblc deliberately to unharness the horsc, -to lead him through the gate, and to harness him to tlio vohiolo once inoro, and that, having taken all thiH trouble, the ml8chief-mokcr had proceeded on his way. Very certainly, no one was near onough to see the onauing confusion. Vory certainly, too, no other bit ofmiBchlof evon remotely Bimilar has been perpetrated in that part of tho country for over fifteen yoars. That this extraordinary oocurrence, trivial and meaningless though it were, should so inetantly havo ensued upon the ghoBtly visi tation of the victim certainly made an un canny impression on the whole company of six or eight people who stood by while the unlucky horse was reharncesed by lantorn light to the uninjured buggy. This process finished, everyone finally bade good-byo to their disturbed friend, who started alouo on his homeward drive. So far as any of them have over known, nothing further happened to him that night. Ono fact, however, re mains to bo added. No ono of that company, all of whom had known him well, ever saw ! hira again. Before the next summer he had < died. THE END. 