Christ's Huiîian Understand ? inp:. ? (Concluded.) By the Rev. E. J. Gough, M.A.., rector of St. Paul's, Dundee (a sermon from "Thc Religion of the Son of Man," published by Sampson, Low, Marston, and Company, Limited, St. Dunstan's House, London). "SltÜnß in the midst of the doctors.''-St. Luke, 2, ¿c.. -. !.. .;. -. .. - . .; ^. .-;>*. : ; ?:? Y .'. "JThê> preacher. :oominenced by; stating: that, ".In; . considering -this incident of « QUI*Lord's; boyhood, ¿y we must keep strictly within the limits "bf whatsis . actually -written,.in the Gospels.. Hov^show.ed that' JeauVwent'-nn-to t^ j-ust as the other boys, of His agedioy and that lu - , h"isiVa%king^ tliem -questions;?" hfe ^only did what ' Jewish: children wera-taught and. encouraged .to . do. In His answers, he evinced a truly human intelligence, and there is nothing to indicate any thing like the assumption of authority. The ac tual incident reveals His very mannood in its limitations and its necessities. Mr. Gough then proceeded to state that our Lord's true boyhood and mental growth, teach us in what manner and by what means all such growth must be attained. The first thing he mentioned waa tne necessity of study, and he showed how the básls of Christ's knowledge was the Holy Scriptures. This he pro ceeded to enforce, and speaking of THE VALUE OP TUB OLD TESTAMENT SCRIPTURES, He says: .Men nowadays Incline to treat lightly these Old Testament Scriptures, to cavil at the date or authorship of a psalm or a phophecy; yet from these the Son of man drew into His human mind Divine truth and the knowledge of the Divine vf*2i. "Search the Scriptures," ho said; "they are they which testify of Me." Might we not profit by His experience and by His advice ? Is it not a warning to teachers to give to Instruction in the Holy Scriptures the first place in. their system of education, and to parents that they send their children to schools where this is done? [ But. again, we have in the Holy Child an example of the capacity with which a sinless na ture can assimilate Divine truth. Tinily THE SECRET OP HIS WONDERFUL "UNDER j > STANDING" . lay very largely in the fact that while, in Hts hu man nature He was in all points, mental as well as" bodily, even as we are? yet Ho, was wholly "without sin." Between that Boy and God there was never the smallest shadow; Never did He lay His head on the pillow at night with the prick of conscience at the remembrance of a lie told dur ing the day, or a word of passion, or an act of disobedience or impurity. The conscience was clear, the soul and body clean and white, and so the mind and heart lay like a translucent mirror under the revelation of God. Between God's will and that Boy's there was absolutely no diverg ence., "I come to do Thy will, O God;'.' it was the rule of His boyhood as of His later years. And to thai opening intelligence to which DIVINE TRUTH WAS EVER A. CONSTANT JOY, God found endless avenues by which to reach His sinless- human consciousness. Did He in - later years teach His disciples what the lilies meant, the grass of the field, or the fowls of the air? He was but teaching .them what He Himself had learned when He roamed in His spotless child hood over the hills of Nazareth. God was, indeed, from infancy onwards, in all His thoughts ; the very fount of Godhead lay behind <His assumed humanity, and into the expanding human mind poured its treasures of grace and truth. Do we, mon and women, learn here the secret of our due ness in the things of God, our indifference, and apathy a/bout them? Is this what our blessed Lord, meant when he. said; j'Ye.must be converted, anil, become &s; : little children';'' and ..-^at. "things laldf from, tbë wise and^rudent-' may be'-revealed^ untio bábes?" Àltf-jiut ; you arèvin dined tb; say >|». ... i "WE ARE I^OT -SINLESS -^S HE WAS; our; consciences^. arö('seared ; with : ihë : memory^bf'. sins: gàïiërbyjfpitr souls weakened, and.^efliediwith ' thé^ burden "and^ our" hearts and minds are no mirrors for the Di vine . revelation, or, if they ever were so, those mirrors are ¡dulled and wilkreflect nothing." I knqw it, I know it, yet I am inclined- to répeat v the; lines of .the old hymn .'"There" is a Fountain filled with blood, Drawn from Emmanuel's'veins." We are not sinless, but we may "wásh our robes and make them white in the blood of the Lamb." Penitence, triie and real confession, realised for giver ess, these are within our reach, by God's in finite mercy, and it is those who live under this constant cleansing who .will keep the mirror of the soul bright to reflect God's image and God's truth. Yet, finally, we must remember this, that IT IS NOT BY MERE HUMAN INTELLIGENCE OR HUMAN STUDY, though these be needed, that Divine knowledge Is apprehended. There Is another faculty, of the soul rather than of the intellect or the mind, which we call spirituality, which is essential for under standing the truth of God. Deep in the human soul of Jesus this spiritual faculty dwelt. It was this that made the sights and'sounds of nature, on the soft uplands and quiet valleys of Galilee, full of the thoughts of God, and drew His human soul into the contemplation -of that unseen world in which His Godhead'from all eternity had lived. It was this that made iühat first visit to Jerusalem and to the Father's house so full of burning in terest and holy joy to the Child of Nazareth, and" with it there was joined that deep reverence of spirit which ever characterises, the souls in which' God is' awaking Himself felt and. known.: - Indeed, . r that Divine gift dwells5iñ ' each', regenerate" soul ^hich-f^d'the »Holy; Ghost; has made Äls temple;. only.-¡leí us ' remember how in one that Divine ca paeity becomes enlarged, and in another seeming ly u JJ developed- Bo vre, then, know WHAT TENDS TO DEVELOP AND WHAT TO . . .... : HINDER .. ; these splHtiial giifs? / Indeed; T thlrikiwe do.; Foir what says the ;ápostlé?-^"They. that are - after the \- .- fle*h . do mind :i th'e r things," of '? the flesh; ;and- they!, ?." thal aro after the Spirit the" things of thc Spirit;", and . again, "The. carnal mind ia enmity against. 0nd.."' Ease-; luxury, self- indulgent modos of life, n. mind engrossed solely ,with -business and the cares of this transient world-these, given way' to, will indeed leave dormant in the soul its high est powers, will stunt its growth and check its development On the other hand, it is wonderful li ow the spiritual capacity of the soul may be train ed by Divine grace, where the flesh is subdued to the Spirit. How intuitive the knowledge of the Divine will, how clear the insight into-deepest mystery, how sure the steps In the path of truth (where others can hardly see their way), which some souls attain even in this world of uncertain ty and doubt! But. "this kind goeth not out but by prayer and fasting." - . It must be so, surely; for what are His own words?-He Who knew our life, Who was Him selC Boy and Man, Who "learned"-ay, "learned by the things that He suffered." Were they not > these?-"Blessed are the pure In heart; for they shall see God." 