STRAY NOTES. Lessons and Thermometers. ls Germany, where they have studied the" science o£ education more deeply than we English-speaking people have, there is a law, applicable at any rate to the most populous parts of the country, which forbids teachers in the sahools to give instruction when the Bhade temperature exceeds 77 degrees, Boventy-Bevcn degrees-that is about the point at which we debato with our- selves whether we can safely leave off our great coats! Here it has often been sug- gested that the same practico might profit- ably bc followed. And yet there is probably a better plan still. For how many of those who attend the public schools havo homes to go to that aro cooler than the schools even ia their present - defective state? To turn children away would in most-cases be to toss them from tho frying pan into the fire. The better plan, and one already to some extent followed, though perhaps not yet officially countenanced, would be to make the lessons suitable to the occasion-in other words, so far as discipline would allow, to entirely suspend the regular course of studies when the thermometer shows a temperature of, say, 105 or more. m ? School Buildings. Meantime, however, since there is no likelihood of tho immediate reform of the Education regulations to meet the special conditions of these torrid inlands, we might at least see whether tho new Minister for Publia Instruction has not a little more of the milk of human kindness in bim than his tedious predecessor (Mr. Garrard) had, and whether ho will not assist to make Broken Hill schools something more tolerable than unsightly barns set in the midst of wildernesses. Tho condition of these pre- mises and their surroundings, indeed, amount to a scandal. Here is a sample. When the Government issued its chief medical advisor's hints for hot weather the publio were warned to always have their iron roofs whitened. Yet, in thia district, one of tho hottest in the colony, tho schools, in which hundreds of children were gathered daily throughout the hottest weather, were left unwhitened-four bare walls, and some of them unprotected by so much as a verandah I ; Tho fact of thc matter-is that conditions hero are so un- desirable that, because those officers who control these matters cannot contemplate this place as a permanent home for themselves, they think that to all others it stands in the same relation, and .that anything should therefore bc put up with. Think, though, of a settlement of 25,000 people in the east of t hc colony ; think of a Bydney suburb of that size. Then think. of what would happen if lt was proposed to supply it with BUCU school buildings as we have, and to neglect them after they had been supplied. Picture the North and South schools, - with their sur- rounding«, tn a Bydney suburb I, Yon cannot conceive ot them there. They would not tc tolerated. Why, then, should they be tolerated herc? Why should our children have less consideration than those of other parts ? " Anything will do for Broken Hill" -surely it is time that' Broken Hill kicked haiti at those who repeat this hoary insult. Some-of Broken Hill's conditions are bad; hence the need of special effort to overcome 'them. But, curiously enough, instead of making special efforts to overcome bad con- ditions, the Sydney-side authorities have accepted bad condition« as an excuse for making less efforts than usual. Instead of levelling-up, they have levellcd-down. Bnt, generally speaking, have we not done precisely the same thing ourselves- levelled down instead of levelled np? Is there not still in much that we do this taint of in- stability? Do we give those who visit us even now the idea that'we are here to stay ? It used to be the sulphides : they were the nightmare which-made' us always rcstlesp. But that ghost has been nicely buried, and we are profitably treating those .ores which form the bulk of Broken - Hill's riches. Still the old taint continues ; and though Government officers report in most-emphatic terms upon Broken Hill's ' assured future, Government abo continues the policy which it followed in oar days ' bf tUrkncss and doubt. Ought it not rather in the circum- stances to set an example of another sort 1 For a Start. For a start J Well, nothing can bu done without abundance of water. Water 13 the great transformer. Give the disert water and it becomes an oasis. Sprinkle our own surrounding "wilderness" with timely rains (remember that wc have bad under Gin.) and, as wc have seen, it becomes a garden. It is not simply a matter of growing a few things ; it is thc consequent change in our ideas that is really important-the mental and moral effect, in short, of the altered environment. The most important material change which can take place, then, is the improvement of the water supply. But to expect the necessary improvement from the present company is apparently hopeless. Its business is to earn dividends, and not to improve Broken Hill. It hos, besides, to make tho whole of its profit and to get back the whole of its capital in the next 20 years. Now, that is surely a prodigious handicap to put upon any young town-that it shall pay so exorbitant a price for water that the entire cost of an expensive sóbeme of con- servation shall bo returned in 28 years-20 years, that is, from now. And when the town so handicapped wants abundance of water-wants it as no Australian town ever wanted it before-the handicap is crushing. The Government grants os much os 100 years for the repayment of money spent on water- works constructed with publia money. We, though, must repay in 28 years-and not only to repay, but provide tho tato of in terest which private capitalists demand. Government exports say that this place is stable. They say it has a great future. If that is so, then is it not the obvious duty of the Government to toke steps by which, instead of having to pay for theso works in 28 years, tho repayments may be spread over a much greater period ? Of course, wo don't expressly have to pay for these works in 28 years. But it amounts to that, The owners will certainly want their money back ; and as they havo to band over thc works in 28 years-or 20 years Irom now-they naturally aro making us pay tho coat in theso 28 years. It may be very pleasant for our children to get waterworks for nothing in a score of years ; but it is very rough on us. And, besides, pur children would most likely be better oiff if, instead of getting waterworks for nothing then, they bad the benefit of tboso improvements which wo in .our day could make if only we had a satisfactory water supply. ARO-KNTPitf. 