Terrible B:irulIi Aecilent. A SYDNEY ~.AN FALLS ON A HOT STEUI-PIPE IN A BATH. HIIS FLES!I ADHBERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A S LRIEAK TO A FItYINGPAN, AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jartis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and burnt its a terrible way. The shook of the burning and the fall proved to be iery disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and fori i number of years after he was a cnfirmeod inval d, s?lfering from loomotor and other forms of paralysis. A feet c?o,,ths ago, how ever, reports hsegan o be circulated in •he neighbor- hood th'ii L r. .Tsrris tr is getting round again, and that he ho? had a most marvellous recovery frum this alp.trently incurable ma lady. It was on aecount of thid - rumora thiit a speci\tl reportir from the djy1dlY " Worker" Was de pathi tod get all informati.,u adricdlig eamte; and one, aftr-:, ".:; lie madls hie wcay to his taiure, V4 Crdwn'lane, Ultiuo. Mr. :lide Jarvis wis i.ctijov.red aure ing a itwi-yearl..ld niby, and his tacd dciAred him one of the happleit meti in Sydney. Ile was, up cnd about,. and able to ausw4r the knock at tb4h door. Althul- pale and beatitlg aiil a few marks o ,t critir.l illneei asd a periodl of pui:a, it was Ivary clear toat he was an invalid nd ~hire. in reply t,. the preliuary qnestiouns he sail :-" Y..u want to ikow all ibout nay Lad e? Well I are glad ut an opportunity to till yuu. iTe facte may- be of vulde to those whao are strlakeen as Iwis." '" H,w long wrre you vufferitig?'l " '% cll, twelve mranthu ago I got ad had that I had to leave off worK, etar I havu. done nothing- aauce tean. About tive years ago next Olristmas I wet with an accide*.t; I wee badly soaldbd while taking a bath in Pitt atreet, Sydnley. -in.e the auuitcent I have been in failing health, and atter four years of gradual development .af the malady, I was forcedu to give up my billet at the Ghl?dt Island." " Wuat were toe )ympwtae ?'" " Simply inde,:ribtab.u. Ihe paine were euoetrjing terrible. They were just about as tuonS as I could bear. they were tor all tie wolid like as if a haw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had nh control over any bowela sir bladdler, and was a nuisaliae to myself and everyone else. 1 was incessantly shivering and? shaking, and could neither ear nor sleep. On the 2Jrd Marchi last I rar a well-known doctor, and he told me that lly ,ase was utterly hopeless. Howeveri he gave me an order to the" Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order P" "NL; I caunu home and went to bed; and have beern pilety.3rell iu bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the flioor) in tact, I could n t get out of bed. J fest then that it wans ll ar~er with may and only a question ot days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attend ing me, n and did all he could by opiui snd morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him tor five of Fix weeks. le came to the conclusion that I was suffering trom lucomotar staxia; or progressive louoLotar ataxy, a disease ot the spinal chord, charac terized by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating volditary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I ighit never get the use ot my legs. (Just thenu tile patient kicked hin legs about with energy to show that aledical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea edtieeyed' by theat a-vertisement des criiing the cure affut-ed in the case of another boller-maker in Eugland1 which I read in the "Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Palll fir ?ale People. I read in the advertisement ofut a came which seemed to fit my own. I datermiud to give the pille a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous.ai it was magical. 1 was able to eat and aleep as though nothiing was the mat ter with me. It was the firEt appetite and rest I had for many a diy.. It wits incredible. I immediately lefi the bud and was able to move about. You see tcause crutches there ? They are pirfeutly new, and I have never used them. They were made for mid before I got Dr. Williama' Pink Pills, but I wad too wear to use themi, and now I don't want them." " He is u00 per cent. betteri" said Mrs. Jarvie, who had come in and taken the baoy on her knae,. " "iThe Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale People Laise sayed his 1et iIld made anothelr taiu of him." A friend who called in at this point sail that Jarvie idoked ten. years younger tihat day than he did, a.llut.~ nigtt preVluune. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " hiave a cold bath1 and all the feeling has conic buck into my lego. I as cribe all the change and benetit to Dr. Williaine' Pink Pills, They have saved my life. I am in no pain now; whatever; oud leel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex Oruoiatiung pain. But they can stay where theay are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me bhs been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My belug about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirmee what is said in all thl chief newspapers of this country of the astounding cutres wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale Peopli. They cure locomotir astxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anunuia, pale and sallow cew-' plexion, general ntiecular weaknema, indigestion, loss of appe'ite, shortnes of breitlh, painus n the back, nervous headache, etc, . Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowea, leader-of- Labor Party in N S. W. Legilatsive Aesembly, was seen by our reporter in conulnaation with thid remark?dble case of 'Txdizn Jarvis. Mr. M'Geweu says he has known Jarvis from in fancy. H-e also knew toat he had to give uip hid work at G(lebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing toa malady which he developed. He afterwarde hoeard that Jarvis was bed ridden, and that there was little chane - of tris recovery, iu uunlerstoodJarvia was rmtuaesd adriissi,,n to Sydney Hoe pital, as nis case had been pronounced iacuratble. Mr. Mj'owen was, there fore, hlike every,.ea else who knew the: facts, at-,uniled at the complete re cuvery of Jarris. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemistie., or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine (o., Flinders stre-t, Molbourne, who will forward post paid. or ree?ipt of" stamps or post md , ,,,,- hlx fr 2s 9d, or half [ d ean for IS, -d. See that thg g suine Dr. Williams' are gottes.r 