THE NAVY AXD TICK CAT. Bnt the uniform is not always worn with respect A man is now under remand for parading in a Naval Reserve uniform, carry ing a board, and towing a harmless but un necessary cat by a string. The board adver tised tbe following legend :— ' Dick Whitiing ton and his oat. Six years' travelling from town to town, and havo done 5,000 miles. ThU is the sixth time to Portsmouth and tfov port, and not made Lord Mayor yet. Please to help it on. It is true.' This original COntus paid Si. 6d. for hi* outfit, and begged «om the passers-by. The Magistrate hardly knew what to do. Clearly if an organgriader may lead a monkey, tbis'elderlv man of un known name wai entitled to like liberty in regard to the cat. It ia usnnl with Magis trates to award this kind of thing rather than to deprive- one of the right to it. So the elderly naval man is awaiting their decision, and they are trying to discover his identity. CURIOUS CASES OF MISFOKTUN'E. A man named Thomas Rushtoa has h*d his legn broken twenty-four times. What knotty ossifications they must be now ! Ho is quite afraid of tbo frosty weather, as be slip* about so, and if he goes down they break. He is fifty-otght year* old, and fifty-two years ajo be had his first accident. The legs to -k it in turns tft break for a long while with surprising regularity, as though each were xealout of his right, or afraid of getting loft. Kiuatoa. who is a dodger living at Walkden, mu»t have spent several years of his life in bad. Tho doctors are proud of him ai a curioiity. I read an account lately of another unfortunate who for many years met with an accident on a certain anniversary. He begau to dread the approach of tbe month and the day, bnt it always came round in time, and 'down he went— run over or something. This anniver sary he decided to stay at home all day, and a man came hurriedly' around the corner of his home, and colliding with him flattened him out once more. A YOUNG TRAIN-WRECKER. A boy aged nine yean was seen by a lady to place some stones on a railway lino tha other day. The lady removed them, but as soon as she had left the boy replaced them. Before she could displace them a second time, the London and Brighton train passed over thorn, bumping badly. Tho train w.i« --a!y doing twenty-five aides an hour at the tinv*. or the consequences might havo beun soriou*. The Magistrate ordered the toy halt-a-dozen strokes with tao birch and a few hours' deten tion, which ceenis pretty lenient treatment. Ha wunld probably get as much under the domestic roof for being caught with bis bands in tbo sugar-basin or hU mouth smcarod with jam and the far-away, piouslyuncon sciously look of deceit in hi* eye An authority among railway mon say?, anent tha large number of similar deeds which have been dis covered lately—' The effect of thesu continual attempts to vveck trains u wrioiw. They mako driven nervous, and nothing can be moro injurious to a driver than to loso his nerve. . . . Fast train services wiil be impossible— goods or passenger— if the men running them lose their nerve.' CXDEaTAKEIW IN COUNCIL Mr.Sowerben-yis stronger to-day than inthe old timeswhon he had Xuah Claypole aud Oliver Twist as employes of tho firm. Ue i* a thousand strong in 'London alone. But he still looks upon death and it» ghoulish adjuncts with the cold and almost humorous eye uf the specialist. Uere u a snip from tho ' Under taker's Review':— 'The Doath Kate.— Tho Uejnstrar-General's return, just to band, sup ports our fttateiuent that business has not bean otf, for tbe deaths are 357 aboyo tbo average, and the rate bas shown a rapid incrawo during the past four weoks, the DKures beimj lfi.8, 1S.4. 20.5. and 2U. The mortality has been heaviest ainongnt the poorer classes, but tha health resorts have provided their quota of dotth* of invalids away from home, a source of profit to the trade' at cither end ot the journey, and trade, therefore, may be written down a* brisk in many quarters.' Brisk though tbe business be, he finds cause for complaint, and he is forming himself into an Association, and a Conference of master undertakers aud carriage masters ia called for this _ purpuse. They further propose to petition Parliament on the matter of still ? born children. At present anybody can givo acmiticato for the burial of a still-bom child on the back of an envelope or a haif -sheet of scalloped notepapor, which certificato may be accepted or rejected ac cording to tbe taste and fancy of the cemetery authorities If it be rejected— it may be, becausu the cemetery men gets more fees for tbe burial of a ebild that has lived— tbore is more work for tbe undertaker, who has to dodge around for a medical certificate. Some times an 'inquitoh'— as Jo pots it— is re quired, aad then the undertaker feels that if ho bad known be would certainly not have undertaken— at any rate, not so much under— as his time is barely recompensed. Then, again, at some hospitals, the corpse may be measured for its Lut suit during only one hour in tho day, which is often awkward and inconvenient. But the man in the cusiomary suit of solemn black, who mourns for the million on the shortest notice, at so much per hour, has a greater grievance than th se. Assuming that there are 1,000 undertaken, it is calculated that 40 per ceut of thorn only are genuine Six hundred are 'middlemen,' who stick tho lugubrious icgond over thair door, and thrust themselves thus between the corpse and the coffin. This kind of man gets an order from the representatives of the late Jones, and places it with that muter undertaker who will give him tho host commission. This subletting, this insidious insertion of the middleman, stops us at every turning ia life, and sihmtlr dogs us with a rueful countenance even in death. A BIKE RIDE TO KHIVA. A young cyclist, named R. L. Jefforaoa, undertook to ride to Khiva, across the deserts of Turkestan, a* an advertisement for the publication called the 'Cycle.' Ho was a long war behind time, and great anxiety wa« felt regarding his fata, but no has reached his destination, uroken in health, and with an exciting story to toll. II« had been pros trated by dysentery and fever, consequent on scarcity of food and bad water, and in hi» despatch he says that ho had ovary night ' to sleep in the open with scorpions and taran tula* as his nearest companions, while close at hand could bo heard the roaring of tigers and other di«agrcc%ble neighbours.' He turned up in a fringod suit of rags, drooping in grace ful festoons a la tatterdemalion, looking weary and wan. He has had enough cycling lor some time. It in olaiined that tbo,' dangers and difficulties he under vent were such aa to make the passage of the two deserts of tho Kara Kum and Kizil Knra rank as ths biggest bicycle achievement ever yet accomplished.'' Has not the man who rode from Port Darwin to Adelaide any cycle Company to advettiso him on the reciprocity plan? The danjors of de Roujomont nro good enough to fill tho newspapers h-trs with their 'clouds of wombats rising at nuuwt,' and scorpions, snakes, and tarantula* must abound in the intoriorin plnntv. I'm afraid tho tigers have no parallel in Australia, though a few good upstanding bunyips with seven heads and ten horns apiece ought to give them a shaking for place. THE INEBRIATE PROBLEM. The confirmed inebriate is an object to be pitied. And the Government, looking at him in this light, ara legislating for him, in the desire to reclaim him as a valuable quota in tha life of tho body politic. Many good men aro found in these ranks; too often the adage that 'boor and brains go together' is true. In some statistical figures supplied by the Dalrymplo Home at Itickmansworth, out of 473 cases under treatment there 243 are set down as due to 'sociability.' The genial, social, kindly-hearted man is too often his own worst enemy, whilo tbe narrow curmudgeon, with 'thought for nobody but himself, and with never a word of encouragement or cheer for his fallows, seems to have learned the valuable lesson of keeping his own little unresponsive personality safe. These figures are sad reading. Over 400, cases are those of educated people. 111 of them col tagians and .112 gonttamen of no occupation. The highest totals arc— merchants 55, clerks 44, aud medical men 33. This Home detains tbu iuoates for from three to twelve months on their voluntary application. Enquiries abou; the subsequent welfare of 400 of them showed ll!l as 'doing well, 'though 17C ware 'not improved.' The Government now go for compulsion, and last session they passed an Act providing for this. Such a reform may seem to some to interfere unduly with per sonal liberty, but if ever the end can justify tbe msans it must in this matter. CANADIAN aXTI- DRIXKIXG POLL. A correspondent of & London daily says tho contest of the Canadian Prohibitionists hai produced some extraordinary verse. This is from -t 'Temperance Rallying Song;' it is uunjr to the tune of 'One more river to cross'— Uood temperance pseple, pray attend To what we've got to say ; We rally round t:ie tsinperance nig And bope to nit tbe day. Chora*. One more effort, and that for prohibition : Ons mure effort, tlun's one more effort to maka. In the nam« of everything that's good United we ainemble; King Alcohol npun bii throne Begliu to fear and tremble. One more effort, ic Here is part of another, which is very depres sing. Tho gallows and the rum-slain dead are enough to oreato a nseessisy for a drop of something to pull ono together — Write it on tbe Churchyard mound Where tb* rmn-xlaio dead are found. Write it on the caUowjhtgh, Write for all tbe passers-by ; ' Wbero there's drink there's danctr.' Also, where there aro tramcars there's danger, and lucifers and kicking horses and tinned fish have none too urood a record. If all the dangerous things are to be written on the Churchyard raoand it -will have to be done after the manner of tbo Lord's Prayer on a threopenny-bit ; and ovon then they would bavo to enlarge tbe mound from tiuiu to time as human progress moves along. This song, by tha process uf elimination, leaves the citizen but little choice — A pledge we make, No wine to take. t No DMiuly reil. That tains tbe bead, Nor wnufcy hot. That nubs'! tba sot; Nor n«ry rum. That ruins home; , Nor brewer** b«er. For that we fear; Ami ciiter. too, Wilt iMVur do. To uuench oar thirst We'll always brio* Cold water from the well or spring. Bat there is no interdict against 'a drop of white satin,' as tho London coster calls his gin. It is said to mix well with spring water. TUE ARMY AND HOOLIGAN. That up-to-date militant body, the Salva tion Army, w attempting to deal in London with Hooliganism, which is after all 'larri- kinism' under another name. Tbe contract is a heavy one. but the otficor* mm quite confident that they can do some good. A uurht or two ago a man died in a hospital, kicked toduatb in the publicstreet— Edgware- road— by the rutfians aforesaid. The niathod of dealing with them would Mam to be to hang them by tbe neck, and speak a word of hopu with regard to their souls. The Army says this is not the way; there is good in them if you can get at it, and they are going to get at it via the pork sausages, the pies, and the plum pudding. At 11 o'clock on Wednesday night the boards at Kennington lane creaked with the succulent viands for Hooligan. He partook, and the meeting closed with prayer. Another sausage meet ing will be held next week. VERSES AND VICE. Tho 'Times'* publishes a letter which gives an ascouut cf a visit to a London musio hall in ono of the rough parts by a manager of a lioard school. This gentleman has read tho remark of a Magistrate that these balls of harmony were responsible for much of the vicious inclinations iu the young, and as a result of bis invaitigation he agrees with tbe statement Spociuiuns of the song* provided as entertainment aro given. After the over ture, tho first, entitled 'Our family,' described tho points of its various members. 'Father plays billiards, billiards with mags all dav,' tbe sisters Nelly and Polly are shop lifters, tbe brother is a three card-trick man, and tho singer gives tips for the races. The chorus goes— Wu know— how many baans make Sva. Nona of us wjrk, and yet wa are alive! alive! alive t Another song announces in its first line that— Lvit night I went out upon the booze. And another, after describing a visit to tbe Oiympia, states that tha singer and his pais taw tba night out. Chora* — Seeing itoqt, seeiac it out, At every pub wa stop'd. AkI whisky, broad.*, sin, and baar Everywhere wd mop'd ; Cannou'd at toe lampposts. Knocked againtt tae wall. Seeing it oat, swing it out. Tilt we conld't nee at all. Then two partormer? stated that they repre pressntod working-mail's candidates for Par liament, and thai thoy favoured — Six hoars' work wl twelve boon' pay,' Aad bear aud 'bacca tree each day.' 'Anothor comedian's third song described an evouing prrty in which tho puoits were chiefly oscap;ea with eating and drinking, he hinuilt especially with drinking. Indoed. he wai careful to explain that all the time he was tbere he was 'inovinjr his elbow.' Not that he always limits himself to elbow action ; on Sundays he goes down upon his knees, for that enable* him to got naarer 'tho bung hole.' The Wixt singer was* 'lydy,' whose third song was about another 'lydy' who worked at bottling gingerbeer. The idea of this song is sufficiently indicated by the chorus:— Woi Charlotte ! ain't yer goin' strong, Whit with your dress and yer fancy bonnet And all yer sljlUh ribbons upon it. I can't maka out why you look io sublime. Bnt she can't kid me she's been doin' some overtime. The next song begins with tbe appetising an nouncement that A stone's throw from here there'i a nice little pub and is embellished with a chorus set to tbe tune of a popular Sunday-school hymn, which runs:— Oh ! the tiddler at the fountain— Tin beautiful tba tiddley at tha toontain. Come and bare a tiddley at th* fountain. And you'U never want a tiddley any more. The letter doses thus:— 'It seems poor polioy to spend millions on elementary educa tion, and allow these 'night* or 'continuation' schools, under the name of munic-balls. to propagate tha worst forms of immorality. Such a programme as that I have dealt with goes far to prove the truth of tbo Magistrate's strictures with which I started this enquiry.' A GOOD SHORT STORY. A little time ago I happened upon a volume of short tales entitled 'Stories aud Play btories,' published by Chapman and HalL One of these, ' Uarling's Destiny,' by Bulkeley CresweU, caught my eve, and being familiar with tha surname, I read it. A-s the ?hort story is not generally worth more than the mere time expended in reading it, I am pleased to bear testimony to the excellence of this one. It is a vivid ponrtrayal of die ex traordinary reality with which fear or a sense of impending disaster registers passing evonts that, though trivial in themselves, seem to beat powerfully upon a consciousness that reoogniaea them as having happened before. There is an atmosphere of doom enveloping the story— indeed, it depends for its intense interest upon the psychological analysis in which the reader assists buforo he is aware how fully his sympathy is captured. The story is the old familiar one of a man and a maid ; they are separated for ever, iu accord with their strange premonitions, by the acci dental death of the man. The author— who is well known in London literary circles— is a cousin of Captain Creswell, of Largs Bay. A LIBELLED CLASS. A ' Minor Clerk' is much disgusted with George Gissing's last book, 'The Town Traveller.' Ho complains that bin class is held up to unjust ridicule, and he says be and his fellows are not in the habit of dropping their aitches, nor do they pronounce 'rain' as 'rinc,' become overawed by. the waiter and in consequenco eat largo quantities of dry bread, nor se«k their wives from barmaids and programme sellers. Ho states thai many of them subscribe their guinea to Mudie,*and live in homes of a high standard of refinement and culture. All tnis because ho happens to belong to a class which Gissing uses aa a p«g on which to haiur his character's coat upon. The same kind of conscientious objector turned up in Dickeus's day, but it was pointed out that every schoolmaster wan not necessarily a Squeers. nor was every nurse a Sarah Gamp, or every Harris a person wbo had no existence save as a vinous figment of the brain. The correspondent finished up on his haunches in prancing style, by object ing to ' finding ourselves tho objective of the glib pens of almost the whole noble army of *n«w humorwU,' in whose rank* Mr. Gi*»ing is apparently the latest recruit,' and enclosing his card. REMINISCENCES OP LOCKWOOO. A charming book has been published during the week under the title of 'Sir Frank Lock wood— A Biographical Sketch.' The writer, Augustine Birrell, gives a most entertaining account of the noted lawyer, politician, and caricaturist. Here is an anecdote which is worth repeating:— 'In ISOG he visited America with the Lord Chief Justice and Mr. Montague Crackenthorpe as guests of tbe American Bar Association — Lady Lockwood and their eldest daughter accompany ing them. It was before this learned assembly— presump- tively on a convivial occasion— that ho told the following story, which is v» amusing that poseiblyaomo may think it a pity that it should be a mere oxerciso of his humorous fancy :— ' I remember on one occasion defend ing an innocent man— it has not often fallen to my lot to defend so innocent a num. When I asked tbe solicitor who instructed me about the case to tell me what the defence was, he said—' It is an alibi.' Said I—' No better defence can be proffered to any Judge ; tell it to me.' He said—' It was on the 15th of March, aa you aro aware, that this innocent man iscbarged with thisotfance at York.' York is my own constituency, and I defend my con stituents on reasonable terms. He said— ' On March 15 our oliout, so tar from being in York. was in Manchester attending a raoo mooting.' I said — 'I don't like it. It may offend tho Nonconformist conscience.' ' Well, ' nays he, 'let that pau. He was at Blackpool.' ' Where?' I said. ' Drinking at the bar of a pubiic- houso. and I have got tbe barmaid to prove it.' This I rejected on tho ground that the public-house might boastumbbug-blockto some. ' WulL whns do you think, of this?' say* he — ' Wolverhampton, in a second-band furniture dealer's snon, buying a coltin lor bis mothor-in-law, and 1 bava got tho book to prove it.' I said— 'That u the alibi for our innocent nun.' Well, we tried that man and be was convicted, and on tbe conclusion of the trial I had tho opportunity of conversing with tho learned Judge who tried the case. Said ho— 'That was a goodish alibi.' Said I— 'It ought to be, my Lord, it was tbe best of three.''* AT GIU.rS OOAVB. Last Sunday was a perfect day, and every body seemed to be taking advantage of it London on Sunday afternoon is a cheerless place, and to escape it 1 went on a cycling pilgrimage to the shrine of Thomas Gray at Stoko Pogis, near Windsor. The ride was oxhiiaratinz. aad after aomu refreshment at a village inn. I loafed along the gentle undula tions of the lanes, in oxquisita solitude. Ghosts of the kuightly old harass, wbo wore familiar with those parts in the stirring days of old Windsor, waited upon the road, and Harrison Aiaiworth's creations jwopled tbe woods. All this, because of certain black lines of print, which conjuro up tho imagina tion. And because ono is goiu^ to Gray's country churchyard tho Sabbath afternoon bell chimes sweeter. If wa were on tba way to a brickworks, or a clothmill, the image would change, and tbe air become suggestive of Lowell's low-browed, stunted artisan, per haps. The birds were in molodious form around the old. ivv-covered Church. The churchyard seems to havo become more popa lar as a burial ground oince my Lost visit; there were many tombstone* of recent date, and a general air of attention and renovation in the surroundings. The old yew-trco still ca«ts a shadow where tho turf ' heaves with many a mouldering heap' — that, at IeMt, is the same. An avenue of rose-trees leads up to the Church porch, giving rather an idea of tho modornity of a villa garden. Tho day was calm and still, every thing, like tbe dead, reposed in a Sunday afternoon peace. I was naif-ashamed of a bicycle in such a spot— it seemed so inharmonious. TUE CONFESSIONS OF A FASTING WOMAN. Mrs. Christiansen is not going to eat any thing for thirty days. Whether she will suc ceed in abstaining or not is the question that is of importance to those persou* who care for this kind of entertainment, aud she say* she will, or die in the attempt. The lady is at the K-i-yai Aquarium, wbero she has boeu for some liitaun d-vys. The 6port is not new— Succi and 'i'annor aud others have done enough of it to prove tbat it can bu done. But no less an authority than Shakspeore tells us that a tanner will Lut lon^r than other men after death, and it is perhaps reasonable to suppose that be will fast longer than other* during life. The lady may, however, put even him in tbe khade, fur she says hunger pre sents no difficulties to her. She be gan this 'fast' life in Schleswig in lSUii, when sho abstained from food for ritteea days. She was allowed tea and coffee unsugan-d', but that was all. At tbe ond she was iu better health chan before. She gets neither huugry or thirsty, but feels exhila rated. Tbe benefits of tier nystem as a cheap stimulant for tho poor or in atrike times must surely hare been ovuripjked by science. She calculate* to lose about LI at. a day in weight, ?mokes an occasional cigarette ' to keep her bead cool and dear,' and is enjoying bersolL Sho says the longer she fasts tbegrunter interest aho feela in hen-eif . And, of course, the publio — or those of them wbo care about the matter —fool likewise. In London there is a large number of those who care about any subject one couid name; just as Sir George Lewis says they will believe anything. Witness Arthur Orton and do Hou^emont. So she will probably mako it pay. AFOuLMil VIRGIN. A lady, whose age is cruelly given as thirty two, refused to light tbe lamp on her bicycle at 11 o'clock tho othur night. When tha policeman said she must the answered with one word— 'Shaut!' and got up steam aud Dedolicd away. Tho man iu bluo, beiu,; iieet of foot, gave obase, and caught her — a perfor mance iu which tbe odds weru against him. He politely caught the bicycle by the handle and the seat, for tbd force bavo been acoiued lately of uuueceasary roughness incy do dealings with the fair sex. Anna Hansun, that was her name, having alighted— though not in tbe sense desired by 2u3£r-haulcd otf, and struck the constable iu the mouth, cutting bis lips. A woman of mind, this, aud muscle also. She was fined 40s., which amount would have boucht a lot of lucifers, and kept her name and a^e out of tbo papers, though it was only a very 'light' sentence. It would be inte resting to consider how a man would have fared with the police after sueh an assault. He would probably have got hammered to a pulp with theotfioial trunchoou. imprisoned for thenigh^ and fined heavily into tbe bargain. 8UND1UES. A Captain Count F. C. Metaxa is appointed to the command of a battleship as Alexaudtia. This is a good name for a warrior ; there is butchery suggested even in an introduction. There may lw something in names; for instance, if you want to draw as an acrobat or succeed as a restaurant- keeper you must adopt something Italian. In the Strand tbare is au eating- house — probably kopt by an Aus tralian — with the name of ' A Ballarati' ovor tho door. Possibly tho idea was copied from Mrs. Armstrong's adoption of 'Melba.' Magistrate Plowden exhibited much com mon-sense in tha caso of a woman wbo came to uk advice about dealing with her brother, who pestered nor with insulting letters. *' Have you a wastepApor-basktft!' be asked. 'No, Sir,' said the lady. 'Then buy one, and put tho letters in it and forgive him.' This did not appear to satisfy the lady at all. Xo opportunity for the lu»t word. Tbrift, thrift, Horatio! The wreath which adorned thu statue of Mr. Gladstone at bis death it reported to have done duty on that of General Gordon in the Guildhall lately duriug the Oinduruiun rejoicing*. Tbo wiv Lyddite shell was first used during thercceutEityptiancampaign. It is an English invention, and mush interest was evinced in the way it would answer. Neufeld, the German who was imprisoned for so long by tho Khalifa, says he saw oue of these shells blow to atoms 103 persons out of 118. It leaves hardly a wrack behind. 