LITERARY SOCIETIES' UNION. FIFTEENTH ANNUAL COMPETITION. A SUCCESSFUL GATHERING. Since its inauguration fifteen years ago the Literary Societies' Union has originated many schemes having for their object the intellectual development of the youth of the colony. Some of these never becamc popular, and had to be abandoned without receiving anything ap-t proaching a fair trial. Others, like the Union Parliament, have survived, but their careers have been more or less chequered. But atnid all the vicissitudes of fortune which the Union has experienced there has never been any question about the wisdom of holding the annual competition in the Town Hall. Neither has the institution l>een barren of results, for several gentlemen who began their public careers as competitors in these annual struggles have since won for themselves prominent positions in the political, the civic, and the literary world. That the withdrawal from active membership of so many of those who established the high standard of excellence which has characterized tbe competitions from tho first has not proved fatal to the Union speaks volumes for the practical efficiency of the Societies as a training ground for young men and women. For several years it was considered necessary to offer substantial prizes as an inducement for the best men to come forward, but since the abolition of this system about five years ago and the substitution of a certificate of honour fora money prize there fa as not only not been any falling-oli in the interest manifested by members, but the number of entries has steadily increased year by year, and the general standard of excellence has ccrtainly not been lowered. On Thursday evening, September 15, the fifteenth competition was held under the presidency of His Excellency Sir T. Fowcll. Buxton, who was supported by the President of the Union, Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.O. The Town Hall was crowded to the doors by the friends and fellow-members of those who had been successful in wresting from other aspirants the right to take part in the final strugglo for supremacy in the various divisions. For those who had a personal or party interest in the results^ the competition of course possessed an absorbing interest, but even the casual listener roust have baen hard to please if out of the long and varied programme he could not find ample material for an evening's enjoyment. Prior to the commencement of the programme Mr. W. R. Knox (organist of the Glenelg Congregational Church) gave ail organ reeital, which included the following items:— March in C (Ouseley), "Angelic Whispers" (W. p,. Knox), "The German Patrol" (Eilenberg), grand fantasia—" Le Prophete (Meyerbeet). "Serenade Italienue" (Jaoll—arranged by W. R. Knox). His Excellency, in opening the proceedings, said that with such a programme in his hands he could not trouble them with a long address. In all probability he wonld be leaving the shores of South Australia 'within a few weeks, and while he could not help looking back over tbe three years that be bad spent in Adelaide, he was now looking forward to a reunion with his old friends, and he knew that tHey would all be asking a hundred questions about the colony. Especially would they be interested in his account of the educational institutions and the means provided for culture in literary pursuits. He thought he would be able to give a very satisfactory reply to these questions, for he had some knowledge of the reading circles that had been established, and also of the splendid work that was being done by tho Literary Societies' Union and the Societies of which it was composed. He need only refer to the increase in thp number of entries in all departments this year to prove that tbey were progressing. The effort necessary to enable any one to compete, especially in the higher literary branches could not fail to be a 'powerful factor in the mental development of the members. If they took an intelligent interest in the great international events whioh were transpiring on the banks of the Nile and the Niger' or in China this must necessarily take up a great deal of their spare time, leaving little for literary pursuits. He thought a young man leaving school or College could not do better than join suuh a Society, which would do a great deal towards fitting him for his future career. Great as had been, the progress made in the past he hoped it would be surpassed by that of the future. (Cheers.) The programme opened with a ladies' elocutionary contest, in which three competitors took part. The. first—Miss K- G% Wylie, King William- roaii—recited "Briar Rose," and impersonated with considerable skill a maiden who " could neither weave nor spin, but who could do a nobler thing than all her mocking kin." She was followed by Miss M. Hall, St. Bartholomew's, who threw herself heartily into the spirit of the poem , entitled *' Ladybird's race." Miss R. Isaacs,-Medindie, however, secured the first prize by her intemretation of Tennyson's poem entitled "The vifctim." Miss Wylie was awarded second prize, and Miss Hall had to be content with a note by the Judges highly commending her performance. Mr: T. H. Mitchell, St. Bartholomew's, was the first gentleman solo - singer, and gave the "River of Dart." Mr. A. J. Lyon, Y.M.C.A1. sang "Margarita." Mr. W. S. Dean, St. John's, carried off the palm with "Out on the deep," Mr. Lyon being placed second by the Judges. Only trto Societies were represented in the part-singing. Messrs. Virgo, Lvon, Vincent, and Peagam, Y.M.C.A., secured first honours for a rollicking piece called "The sailors' chorus." Messrs. Nash, Bruer, and Deari, St.'John's, had to be content with second place. . The gentlemen's elocution came next, and although it was scarcely up to the standard of some previous years yet the competitors had no reason to feel ashamed of their performance. Mr. O. P. Heggie, St. John's, who recited the well-worn story of. "Virginia^" was awarded first place. Mr. M. Ralph, Trinity Society, secured second prize, after having kept the audience in a simmer of amusement for ten minutes while he told the story of "Sam Weller's valentine." The unsuccessful can- 1 didate was Mr. L. M. Jacobs, St. Patrick's,, who recited The death of Sydney Carton." One of the most enjoyable items of the evening was the ladies' Bolo-singing. The first prize was awarded to Miss Olga Nienaber. College Park, for her ability in rendering a difficult piece entitled "Loyal lovers." The second award went tb Miss K. Joyce, St. Bartholomew's, who sang the "Star of. Bethlehem," which was alsochosen by Miss A. J. Gluyas, Payneham. Two Societies only took part in the dramatic scene contest. The St. John's representatives gave the ghost scene from Hamlet, the characters being filled as follows:—Hamlet, Mr. O. P. Heggie; Horatio, Mr. C. F. Beeton; Marcellus, Mr. J. W. Forrester; Ghost of Hamlet's Father, Mr. S. T. C. Best. The second and third scenes from Act V. "of "The Rivals" was chosen by the representatives o£ the St. Patrick's, in ?hich the following took part:—Sir Anthony Absolute, Mr.. M. J. Morrissey; Captain Absolute, alias Beverley, Mr. H. Byrne; Faulkland, Mr. L. McMahon; Bob Acres, Mr. L. M. Jacobs; Sir Lucius O'Trigger, Mr. P. J. Morrissey. For St. John's Mr. Best was undeniably the champion, although his otherwise masterly declamation was somewhat spoiled by a want of distinctness in pronunciation. For St. Patrick's Mr. Jacobs did yeoman service by his impersonation of the would-be dueller who found" his courage evaporating. The Judges gave a popular decision by awarding the first prize to St. John's. Tho days when the impromptu speeches could be looked upon as a humorous termination to a somewhat solid programme have long since passed, and as a result of tiie constant practice received in this department by members of Societies it is now one of the severest but most satisfactory tests of the practical utility of the Literary Society as a trainingground. On Thursday the' three subjects given to the competitors as they stepped on to the platform were "Will the Nation's Disarm?" "Gas v. Electricity,"and "jfjie Signs of the Times." Messrs. H. E. Poole, King William-road, and S. Barbour, North Adelaide Young Men, took the first subject, and in each instance a capital case was made out, although from different standpoints, for the acceptance by tbe Great Powers of the suggestion of the Czar of Russia. Mr. E. Wood, Y.M.C.A., spoke on the burning question of how best to light the city, and his appeal to the citizens to vote for electricity, and thus do their duty to themselves and to posterity, found so much favour with the Judges that they awarded him the first prizMr. Barbonr took second honours. The following certificates were also awarded:—Essay—First, Mr. I. H. Solomon, B.A., North Adelaide Young Men; second, Mrs. A. Scott Broad, King William-road. Short Story—First, Mr. T. H. Smeaton, Y.M.C.A.: second. Miss Racey' Schlank, Stow Church. Manuscript Magazine—First. North Adelaide Young Men; second, Y.M.C.A. Poem— First. Mr. H. R. Wilke, St. John's; second, Mr. F. L. Voller, Y.M.C.A. The following were the Judges at the final competition:—Essavs—Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin, M.L.C., Professor Mitchell, M. A., and F. Chappie, B.A., B.Sc. Dramatic Scenes and Elocution—Hon. J. H. Gordon, M.L.C., F. W. Wheatley, B.Sc., and Wybert Reeve. Impromptu Speeches—Hen. .1. G. Jenkins, 1LP-, Sir Langdon Bonython. and John Darling, jun.. M. P. Poems—Mrs. J. .T. Benham, the Rev. A. T. Boas, and P. McM. Glvnn, B. A., LL.B.. M.P. Short Stories—Hon. Dr. Campbell, M.L.C., J. H. Lyons, and C. J. Stevens. Solo-singing' and Part- singing— Miss Lucy Stevenson. J. M. Dunn, and T. N. Stephens. Manuscript Magazines—The Rev. H. Girdlestone, M.A.,.). G. Hughes, and M. A. Scott. A vote of thanks to His Excellency for presiding, and to the Judsres, was moved by Mr. Symon, and carried with acclamation. 