The Church. TO THE EDITOR. SiRj— In your issue of Nov 5th, under the above heading, you insert, with approval, some extracts from Dr. Washington Glad den's new book, ' Tbe Christian Pastor and tbe Working Churoh.' It may seem un generous to find fault with a Book in which there are bo many things that are good, and more than good. If tbe things complained of were unimportant, you would not be troubled, Mr. Editor, with any letter from me. But its defects are, in my opinion, so grave that it cannot be recommended as a safe book. Its peril lies in what is the vice of so many of the new books,— its exaggera tions. Bishop Westcott keenly says that ' Every heresy is but the exaggeration of a truth.' May I, through your courtesy, indicate as briefly as possible what I regard as some of Dr. Gladden's exaggerations ? ' I also will shew mine opinion.' One of the leading ideas of tbe book is that the churoh should influence society for good in all the activities of human life. This truth is bo important that Dr. Gladden does good service in again enforcing it. My complaint is that he bo exaggerates this necessary truth that he teaches, in effect, as I take it, that the church is of the world and cannot be separated from the world, that it has no life apart from society, no inte rests other than those of society, no mission in this world, and no excuse for its existence except as it oan uplift sooiety (p. 44, line 16 ; p. 47, line 14 from bottom ; p. 49, line 1). The minister's business, we are told, is 'with, tbe problems of the soul, and with the problems of society ' (p. 93, line 4 ; p. 114,. line 15, &c.;) This is bis twofold message. No place is left for the problems of the after life. Dr. Gladden specially recom mends that, in tbe Sunday evening service, tbe preacher shall give himself to tbe dis cussion of social questions (p. 122-125.) I am sorry to have to add that, in my opinion, Dr. Gladden sneers, as so many nowadays do, at the preaching ol the tran scendent truths of the great hereafter (p. 49, line 6 ; p. 108, line 10 from bottom ;. p. 123, line 6). Dr. Gladden rightly con tends for ' tbe saoredness of all life, the essential religiousness of every kind of useful work' (p. 39). It was one of the far-reaching mistakes of the great Augus tine tbat be emphasised tbe distinction between secular and sacred in human life Dr. Gladden does good service in insisting: that the whole of human life is included in the territory of tbe Kingdom of God. But this necessary truth Dr. Gladden exagger ates when be defines the Kingdom of God to be an organised divine society on earth: (p. 113, line 1). ' The Kingdom of Heaven is tbe entire social organisation in its ideal perfection ' (p. 43). ' The whole oom munity of Christian people in all the range of their life ' (p. 39). Our Lord said, ' The Kingdom of God is within you.' Dr Gladden says, ' The Kingdom of God is among us ' (p. 113). In all this, as I understand it, Dr. Gladden exaggerates, and therefore misstates tbe New Testament teaching. The Church is in tbe world, but it is not of the world Between the Church and tbe world there is irreconcilable antagonism, and a bridgeless chasm. The Church must stand apart from, the world. This idea saturates the New Testament. Christ has redeemed us to be 'a peculiar people,'' 'a people for His own possession.' We are to ?' come out from among them and be separate ' There is no ' problem of society ' in the present day, no social out rage among us that is half so hideous as was classic slavery in tbe days of St. Paul. Yet he lets it severely alone, and contents himself with counselling tbe slaves to be obedient to their masters. And, unlike Dr. Gladden, he urges his exhortation by a motive drawn from the world to oorne. ' knowing,' says be, ' that from the Lord ye shall receive the reoompense of the inheritance.' He tells us that he drew his inspirations, not from this world, but from the next. He thus states the Christian habit, ' We look, not at the things which are seen, but at tbe things whioh are not seen,' and for this sufficient reason that ' the things which are seen are temporal, but the things which are not seen are eternal.' Our Lord Himself is still more emphatic as to tbe necessary separation of the church from the world. He says, ' If ye were of the world, the world would love its own : but because ye are not of the world, but I chose, you out of the world* therefore tbe world hateth you.' One of the most perennial ' problems of sooiety 'y is how to find bread for tbe hungry. On one ocoasion our Lord Himself was like to- perish from hunger. He disposed of this 'problem of society' by saying. 'Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word tbat proceedeth out of the mouth of God.' And He counselled His disoiplea ' Seek ye first the kingdom of God and His righteousness, and all these things will be added unto you.' Not more fortunate is Dr. Gladden in his definition of the Kingdom of God. It so happens, that in the New Testament, it is preoisely de scribed. ' The Kingdom of God is not eating and drinking, but righteousness and peace and joy in the. Holy Ghost.' Every time we repeat the Lord's prayer, we remind ourselves that tbe Kingdom of God is not yet 'among us,' as Dr, Gladden says it is. Compare the parable of the pounds, whioh ' He added and spake be cause they supposed that the Kingdom of God was immediately to appear.' 'My Kingdom,' said our Lord, 'is not of this i world. . . now is My Kingdom not from hence.1' Is it safe, in an age of rampant material ism, to make little of the unseen and the eternal ? Dr. Gladden tells us that the twofold message of the Christian preacher is ' the problems of the soul, and the problems of society ;' but the writer of the Epistle to the Hebrews found a third in 'the world to come, whereof we spenk.' The Church must save society by witnes sing for the Unseen and the eternal. Is not ' the world to come, whereof we speak, the most powerful inspiration for a ' work ing Church ?' ' Dr. Gladden claims ior his ' working Church' the importance of a new discovery (p. 4, line 12 ; p. 3, last line; p. 10, linn 4; p. 49, line 13). But for a century and a half, Methodism, with her local preachers and her class leaders, has been teaching the ChurcheB this very thing. Yet she has never made much of the 'problems of society.' Her enthusiasm for Christian service has been fed from a deeper source than that. The leason why Wesley himself laboured for his fellow-men with such eager self sacrifice was that the shadow of the next life rested always on his spirit. Walking one day in a beautiful garden, he aid, ' How gladly would I repose awhile here ? But repose is not for me in this world.' Writing from Newcastle he said, *' I rested here— lovely place, lovely com pany ! But I believe there is another world, therefore I must arise and depart hence.' Dr- Gladden has two chapters on ' The Pastor,' and ' The call to the Pastorate.'1 Being a Congregationalism, he has a right to set forth the Congregational theory 'of the Christian ministry. But in my opinion he so exaggerates his theory that he contra dicts the New Testament teaching on that subject. Eight nobly doss Dr. Gladden attack and expose sacerdotalism, that is the theory that the Christian minister is a priest. In this of course we fully agree with him. Sacerdotalism we utterly abhor. It is the taproot of unnumbered evils. The greatest disaster that ever fell on the chiirch was when, unobserved by almost all men, Cyprian and Augustine sowed in it the pestilent seed of priestism. Dr. Gladden does good Bervice in again exposing this outrageous usurpation of the title and functions of the One Christian Priest. But two wrongB do not make a right. It is the the way with poor human nature in revolt ing from an abuse, to fly off to the opposite extreme. The Christian ministry is not a human invention or arrangement. It is God's gift to His church. ' He gave some to be apostles, and some prophets, and some evangelists, and some pastors and teachers.' 'No man taketh this honour unto himself, but when he is called of God, even as waB Aaron.' Some are thus ' called of God,' as were Simon and Andrew, James and John, on the shore of Gennesaret, when they left their nets, and became ' fishers of men ;' or as were Barnabas and Saul, when ' the Holy Ghost said, separate me Barnabas, and Saul for the work where unto I have called them.' This divine call was such a burden on the heart of Paul that he said, ' Woe is unto me if I preach not the Gospel.' It is only too possible, as Dr. Gladden points out (p. 68) that a man may be mistaken in thinking that he haB received this inward call. It is necessary, therefore, ior the protection of the Churches, that the inward call should be attested by the formal ordination and appointment ol the Church authorities, as in Acts xiii. A man's right to be a Christian minister, and to exercise his ministry in the Church is this inward divine call, duly attested by the Church. Dr. Gladden, however, as I understand him, tin his just abhorrence of sacerdotalism, gues to the opposite extreme, and takes the position that the right of the Christian minister to exercise his ministry in the Churches, in derived, uot from tbe divine inward call, and not even from tbe ordination and appointment of the Church authorities, but only irom the votes ot a majority of the congregation tint has chosen, him to be its pastor. He says (p 52), 'From his people his office is de rived ; he has no spiritual, rights and powers that nre not f-hared oy the humblest member of his flock.' 'The minister has no powers that do not belong to bis brethren (of the laity), and he owes his (-facial function and leadership to their choice.' Dr. Gladden says, ' We are ministers (that is, servants) of the Churches.' That is quite true. But what Paul says iB that ' we are miuisters ot Christ.' Com pare p. 5S line 7 from bottom ; p. £2, line 1 ; p. 62, line 16 ; p. 63, line 20 ; p. 63, line 3 from bottom ; p. 64, line 18 : p. 65, line 3 from bottom ; p. 32, line 5. Dr. Gladden speaks indeed, in several pluces, of a divine call. But he is careful to explain by a divine call he ineanH ouly such a call as one man receives to be teacher, another to be an artist, and another to be a mechanic p. 68, line 9 ; p. 69, line 5). The Christian minister has received a divine call, but ho has the ploughman, and the carpenter and the housemaid (p. 71, line 10). Dr. Gladden's theory of the Christian ministry is extreme even for a CongregutionaliBt. By hiB own showing (p. 56) he is not in perfect accord with such a thorough-going Congregationalist as Dr. Austin Phelpe. Very gladly do I set over against all this some passages on the other side. Like all good and tiue men who take up with a wrong theory, Dr. Gladden rises sometimes above his tbeory and says true and noble things. Compare p. 66. line 13 ; p. 69, line 14 from bottom ; p. 70, line 7 from bottom. There are other matters . concerning which, in my opinion, Dr. Gladden is not a safe guide : such as Inspiration, p. 87-89 : the Higher Criticism, p. 99, 236, 237 ; the Plan of Salvation which, to put it mildly, is inadequately stated, p. 108-111. But I have already trespassed too largely on your space. Yours truly, James A. Nolan. 8th Nov. 1898. 