Romance oi an Actress. FROM IHE PALACE TO THE GARRET. At the last Salon in Paris a^ plaster bust of Mile. ClairoH, by. the sculptor, ? Henri Gauquie, in collaboration/With the architect, - Quills ume, attracted consider able attention. JN'ow the French journals announce that the friends of ?; the drama in France propose to have a marble copy of this bust erected- in the public square .of ? the town of, Conde-sur- Escaut,.the birthplace of La Clairon. ^lairoh was the J Befrihardfedi her time. ' She was so puny ats. a baby- that immediately after her birth she was, like Voltaire, hurried to the church ,to be .baptised. ?? B ut when the church was reached: it' was' found to be closed. '?'? The. parsonage j too, was empty, The priest and his:- vicar, were at;- a masquerade ball/ :f or it.. was the day- of, the town carnival, arid the^piiest was. helping his parishioners to celebrate it.. The baby was carried :at once tothe ball room, where the priest was disguised as a harlequin and the vtcar as a clown.' They judged the baby's condition to be sufficiently critical to demand immediate attention. ; So they stop oed; the music tli'en and there, and taki ug the neces .sary materials from a sideboard, per formed the rite. ? :-But they need not have been in guch haste, for the life thread of the baby was not to be cut until' 7 9 years later. They called the baby, Claire ; her full name is given as Claire - Hippolyte -.. Josephe Legris de Latude.' Clairon had a harsh mother, who used to punish her by locking her up in- an isolated room. Opposite to this room lived Mdlle Dangeville, who became one of the , greatest of soubrettes. Clairon used to see her taking singing lessons and lessons in dancing ; she used to see her receiving the praise and encouragement of her family ; she was pained at the difference between her ovrn life and that of her neighbor, and what she saw and felt fired her with an ambition to become an actress. The first visit that Clairon made to a theatre had such an effect on her that during the whole time of the play and the rest of the evening she could not be made to speak. She says, in her ' Memoirs,1' that after returning from the theatre, the only thing she heard that night was the command, '?'' Go. to bed, you big goose !' She ran off to bed only to re main awake, going over in her 1 mind all that she had seen and heaid at the theatre. The next morn ing she astonished her friends and rela tives by repeating more than a hundred verses of the tragedy, and about two ihirds of the little play. But this did not please her mother. She said she would rather her daughter knew how to make a dress or a nightgown. Still the child persisted in following the course that she had mapped out for herself,- and blows and slaps were powerless to turn her. Threats to starve her and to break her bones if she did not work only angered her to the point of exclaiming : ' Kill me then, ut once, for otherwise I shall go upon the stage !' At length she became the pupil and afterwards the rival of the celebrated M arie Franchise Dumesnil, . and her in terpretation of Corneiilfi Kacine and Voltaire led Baehaurnont to say — ' Hardly is she announced before the house is filled ; the moment she ap pears she is applauded with the utmost enthusiasm ; she is the most finished work of art ; sha is Melpomene ein belished by Phidias.' While at the height of her fame Clairon was visited by countesses and princesses. She was the intimate of such men as Marshal de Richelieu, J. F. Marmontel, the Mar quis de Ximenes, and the Margrave of Anspach. Louis XV. himself came to see her, and of him she said to Mme de Pompadour : k' He owes his royalty to chance, I owe mine to genius.' For her unruliness she -was im prisoned in Fort 1 'Eveque. She transformed ht-r prison into -?/ n banquet. room, giving sumptuous suppers. The carriages of her visitors were lined r.p outside the prison door, a though in front of the door of a hotel. Her per lonal apr.e. ranee at the agre of 22 or 23 was thus described by a contempo rary : ' She is extremely pale ; her head is handsome, and her eyes are large and full of fire. Her mouth is ornamented with beautiful teeth, and her throat is well placed. She arises without affecta tion, her form is graceful, and sho has a very modest address. Without being an accomplished beauty she is a person that anyone would call charm ing.' _ ' . . But Clairon was not alone great as an actress ; her writings relative to the roles of her repertoire have been pro nounced excellent pieces of literary criti cism. Among other things she wrote a manual for players, entited, 'Reflexions sur la Declamation Theatrale.' She is credited with having been the first to conceive the idea of a conservatory where actors should receive all the instruction necessary in their art, and she is said to have been among tho first to see the powerful effect produced by the realism of the English stage. French drama has been adjudged to he greatly in debted to her for what she did to intro duce into it an element of resemblance to truth. She effected a revo'ution in costume, ridiculing the ideas of playing Roxana, one of her triumphs, ? in robes a ]a Francaise. Yet, in spite of her genius and intelligence, Clairon was superstitious. This has been attributed to the effect of the ghost stories and tales witchcraft with which her child hood was filled. In the story, of her life she relates as a fact that a suitor whom she had rejected sent for her to visit him on. his deathbed ; that she re fused to go ; that at 11' o'clock in the evening, when she gave the refusal, the company assembled at dinner in her house heard a strange and piercing cry of anguish ; that she fainted ; and that every evening at the same, hour the same cry was heard! A few.- weeks later the cry ceased ; but in its ; place came a pistol shot through her win dow. Everybody saw tie flash, but the window remained whole. Detectives j were set to watch in the belief that some servant was playing a trick, but at the same -hour night after night the same thing occurred, and nobody could be seen. One night when Clairon was taking fresh air on a piazza the shot occurred at the usual hour, and she felt a strong slap upon her cheek. Another time when she was riding past the house where the rejected suitor died three shots were fired through the windows of the coach. The coachman thought it was aw attack of robbers and whipped up the horses. The shots, after several nights, gave place to hand-clap?, which were followed in their turn' by an enchanting voice, singing a beautiful arid touching air. One day 'an old lady dressed in bhek called to see Mile Clairon. She was a relative of the rejected one, and she told the great actress that, having been with him in his last moments, she heard him exclaim when informed of Clairon's refusal to visit him — 'I shall follow her when I am 'dead, as I have followed her in my lifetime !' At last the great Clairon fell into disfavor, and sank back into her original poverty. Dressed in worn-out clothes, she lived during herlast days in a single room, which she was forced to sweep herself. She was buried in the Ceme tery of Pere la Chaise. For a long time her tomB' was neglected, but latterly the Comedie Francaise has had it repaired. Such is the story of La Clairon,. who is called the foremost tragic actress of the eighteenth century. A French jour nalist said of her — ' She started from nothing, and to nothing she returned, after having swung round the circle that passes over the peaks of glory.' 