SUCCESSFUL CATHOLIC SCHOOLS AND COLLEGES. . THE PUBLIC INTERMEDIATE -EXAMINATIONS. The official list of medallists, prizewinners, and ' exhibitioners, published by the Intermediate Com- J missioners in Dublin, contains the names, of many Northern students who have acquitted' themselves as heretofore with credit and distinction. Rock- I well College takes the premier place among the l boarding colleges of Irelandi Not only has it won ' the senior grade mathematical gold medal, on a score never approached in the intermediate exami nations before, but it has placed to its credit the grand score of 69 distinctions, 24 exhibitions, 2 senior, 4 middle, 13 junior, 5 preparatory, 17 re tained exhibitions, 20 prizes, and 6 composition prizes. This is truly a brilliant record, and an honour not only to this great Munster Catholic school, but to the whole of Catholic Ireland. This year the colleges of the Holy Ghost Fathers in Rockwell, JtUackrock, and Rathrnines have come off brilliantly. Clongowes Wood (Jesuit) College is once more conspicuous with a total of forty-seven successes. Among these are the gold medal for English in the Middle Grade, won by Master John Pitzgerald. Clongowes has two (£50) senior exhibitions, two £10 prizes, and a large number of book prizes and re tained exhibits in this grade. In the middle Clon gowes has five very high exhibitions (among them second and fourth places) and six book prizes, be sides ,oj;her distinctions; A Clongowes boy has scored highest marks in mathematics in preparatory and a fellow-pupil from the same college has secured the same distinction in the Junior Grade. These, with eleven exhibitions in the lower grades and- many book prizes and other distinctions— -a total of*4 7— constitute a distinct record.1 The total of seven exhibitions, won by Clongowes in the two higher grades, is riot surpassed by any other school or college in the country. - ? In addition to .50 exhibitions and three gold medals, Blackroek College has won 13 complete prizes, 13 book prizes, four retained exhibitions, and 55 distinctions. Last year Blackroek carried off a big share of the composition prizes (winning 12), this year it repeats the feat, winning 13. The Presentation College, Mar dyke, and Christian Brothers' Schools, North Richmond-street, come next. with seven each. First composition prize for Celtic in Middle Grade, and three out of four com position prizes for French in the same grade fell to Blackroek boys, while the only two Italian prizes in Preparatory Grade are captured by Blackroek. One of the two Burke prizes (£9 7s Gd) goes to Carey, who stands fifth in the exhibition list, and ^Flanagan, also of Blackroek, wins a £10 commer cial prize. As is shown by the official Ii6t of prizes. they have secured nine exhibitions., five in Ihe Junior Grade and four in the Preparatory Luaui, two retained Middle Grade exhibitions, two eon,' mercial prizes, one of £10 and another of £5, and six book prizes. The first place in the Senior Grade falls to the lot of Campbell College. A pupil in St. Patrick's College, Cavan, being awarded the medal in the Middle Grade, and a student of St. ColuCfeb's-:, Derry, that of the Junior Grade. St. Mary's College, Rathmines, one of the fore=- most metropolitan Catholic high -class day school' , has secured three new exhibitions*, two retained ex hibitions, five book prizes, and two Greek composi tion prizes. St. Malachy's College has secured an exhibition with a very high place .in the Middle Grade, the prize for Greek composition in the Middle Grade, two exhibitions, and book prizes. The schools of the Christian Brothers ia Belfast? Newry, Derry, and Omaghhave also gratifying re-- cords of exhibitions and prize-winners. Viols* Hili College, Ifewry ; St. Macarten's, Monaghan ? St* Patrick's, Armagh ; and St. Mary's, Dundall;, have worthily maintained the traditions of the Ca tholic colleges, of whose brilliant distinctions Catho lic Ireland has good reason to feel proud. In the successes amongst the girla St. Louis Con vent, Monaghan, has secured numerous distinctions. Amongst the other colleges and schools to whigfo talented young ladies have done credit are SC Mary's University College, Dublin ; the Domini can Convent, Eccles-street, Dublin ; Victoria Col lege, Belfast ; and the Loretto Convent, Stephen's Green, Rathmines, Rathfarnham, Omagh, and Letterkenny. The Ursuline Convent, Cork, as usual, is amongst the most prominent successful Southern schools. 