THE AUSTRALASIAN." THIS WEEK'S ISSUE. In the Pictorial department is an ad vance view of the improvements which are being carried out on the Yarra-bauk along the Botanic-garden frontage, with glimpses of the spires of Melbourne as they may be expected to appear when completed in 1905\. A description of the works in pro gress is given on page 1,156, That interesting, ever-green theme, "Fisher's Ghost," is dealt with as an "Old Time Memory" (on page 1,171) by Mr. G. B. Barton, who has made use of his op portunity as a Sydney librarian to com pile a full and clear story of the murder of Fisher, and how it was found out. The ghost item he gives as he finds it in legend and previous narratives. It is one on which no new or tangible evidence exists, nor is there any earlier reference to the ghost in print than nine years after the event, aB we point out in "Topics of the Week." The accoubt of the trial, on the contrary, is condensed from the judge's notes. Among the articles in the Lady's depart ment (pages 1,162 to 1,166) is a sketch describing the joys experienced by Darling hurst lady passengers who make up their mind to wait for the King-street i>cnny omnibus. The title is "A Sydney Conveni ence." The steps taken, bv the English Jockey Club to, minimise short-distance racing, and prevent two-year-olds being overworked, are considered in the Turf Leader (page 1,135). The remarkable successes of the Ameri can jockey Sloan are chronicled by "Robin Hood," who, in his sporting letter, gives particulars of the Cesarewitck and other important races on pages 1,138-9. Last week's cycling events, opening the season in Melbourne and Sydney, are de scribed by "Philibuster," who also offers a preliminary forecast on the Austral Wheel Race, to be run on December 2 and 10, on the M.C.C. ground. The doings of the Sydney bowlers, who were hospitably entertained in Melbourne last week, are chronicled under several headings. There are illustrations in the Pictorial department, notes on the play in the Sporting columns, and an account of the Malvern garden party in the Lady's department. Phases of the rabbit question are vigorously dealt with by "Bruni" on page 1,128 in the Yeoman department. A short description of a Toora dairy farm (page 1,129) will repay perusal. Under "The Veterinarian (page 1,131), the relative merits of tannoform and iodo form as curative agents in veterinaiy sur gery are discussed by Professor Frohner._ Up-to-date infonnation in regard to wine ferments is given on page 1,133. 