I OkKATER NEW YORK LETTER j ItrOK OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] It is well for our Castillian brother, now that we are responding to the demand which echoes from that splendid mausoleum that crowns the heights of Riverside, " Let us have peace" Iris well for our Spanish brother that, in his darkest and most trying hour, when repeated defeat anddisasVrliod roused all the worst passions of a fiery und vengeful heart, that he never used our wounded and suffering sold were as we have used them during the past six weeks or two months. Hempstead, on Long Island, is only a short distance from the City of Brooklyn and a part of the estate of the great dry goods merchant, A. T. Stewart, on which he created the beautiful Garden City. Erected in the midst of it is one of the most elegant Gothic cathedrals to be found in the American Union. This was to be his mausoleum. In the crypt were two sarcophagi of the purest Parian marble, where he hoped the bones of himself and his wife would rest till the trumpet of the dread archangel on the judge ment day shall summon the quick and the dead. Vain ambition, rather hope that longing desire was never to be realised. The dust of the millionaire magnate never reached its splendid temple. It was stolen from its temporary resting place by a thief in the night and so, poor fly, he passes away from the memory of men. Early in the present war, when the States were being notified of their quotas, it was resolved to have a camp near New York, and the Governor sent Adjutant General Tillinghast, a personal friend, to spy out the land and selects camp ground, which, judg- ing from his selection, he knew as much about as he did of the man in the I moon. ' 'Me camp was started, and the soldiers began to pour in by ("the thousand. "It was then discovered that there was no water available. After a time a small ptpB was laid to some source of supply, but nothing like the ' requirements for thousands of non. But they were not long waiting for water. It came on to rain, and it rained for a week, and Tillioghost's beautiful Camp Black, which received its name as a compliment to the Governor, became a. wretched quagmire. The grub failed to come to time, and when it did come the rain made everything foggy and wet, and there was little or no chance to cook what they could get and several times during the first two weeks the ment cold, hungry, and wet as they were, had to turn out in the middle of the night, and fight for their lives to keep touts from blowing away over the heads of the Coney Islanders into the Alan the Ocean, when if they had only struck a course south and by east, half south, they would have arrived at Porto Rico just in time to see our victorious troops enter San Juan. The scribes, myself among the rest, said as little about the horrors of such a camp life as possible: but the soldiers, who suffered more at Camp Black than they didon the terrible battlefields of Santiago, no wonder the poor fellows wanted to get to the front, so as to be killed as quickly as possible. Then the powers that be resolved to have a permanent camp at Mon tau k Point, on the extreme end of Long Island. It was intended mostly at' a resting place, and where soldiers broken down by long service in sickly and malarious climates might find rest and health. Before any adequate preparation had been made thousands of sick and dying soldiers were rushed upon them and they had no shelter, food, or medicine in the rain : the ground all around was wet and soggy, so they had to lay the poor wretches on the ground and cover them with blankets to shelter them from the peltings of the storm, There was no need of such heartless cruelty. The Government had provided abundance of everything, the best of food, medicines, and every requisite asked, but those whose duty it was to receive and distribute the medicines, special food and necessaries, did not know their business and should be court-martialled, and those who sent them to Montauk without first ascertaining if it, was ready for their reception should be cashiered and drummed out of the army But that is all past now ; bury the memory of it 10,000 fathoms deep that the horrid record of that evil time shall no more be remembered among men. And so with a land in sight, more beautiful than that which the wonder- ing prophet saw from Pisgah height, we march forward to its possession. The eyes of the world are turned on us to-day, and in all the grand national councils, wherever the sun shines, the question is being asked, Who is this new Evangel, who is he that comes to us with the authority of a royal proclamation, and delivers his Master's message, which will not be denied 6 After waiting thousands of years an answer has come to the question, " Am I my brother's keeper? Aye, before God and for all time, yes and to the unfaithful servant who denies that sacred duty, better for that man that he had never been born, better for him that a millstone were tied about his neck and that he were drowned in the sea. I On our south-eastern border lay an island, the richest and fairest, in all of God's domain. It was inhabited by a people gentle and kind, to whom the earth yielded its lavish abundance, making it an earthly paradise. The Spaniard came, and he was welcomed to the best the land afforded, and in return for their hospitality they murdered and enslaved the people. Our own emancipation, which took place in 1883, when peace was declared, gave us in return for our colonial condition national independence. It was the in- j tention and desire of the fathers who i founded the Republic that this great western continent should be dedicated to freedom for ever, but a national incongruity existed at home. One half of the nation was free and the other had slavery for its cornerstone. It was impossible that such a condition of things should exist for ever. The passage of the Fugitive Slave Law was the last ounce to break the camel's back The contest came at last, and the two parties met in deadly strife. The war began in 1861 and ended in 1860, with slavery annihilated in the limits of the American Republic. But while acknowledging ourselves the blessings of freedom, from our south- eastern shore came up the cry of a nation of bonded slaves ; stories of wicked cruelty and merciless wrong tired the hearts of the northern people, and a climax to the villainy which claimed the sanction of Almighty God in defence of this crying infamy. It was then that the righteous soul of John G. Whittier sent forth the indignant cry. \- How long oh. lord, how long, I Shall truce priesthood barter truth war, and in defence of robbery and wrong At Uilno own altars pray J" An American citizen was tortured to death in one of Havana's prison cells. Our people heard the cry of the martyr and vowed revenge. Then followed the cowardly assassination of our splendid warship Maine, when 266 men were murdered in cold blood. in the history of the world, from the remotest time, no such cowardly crime is recorded. A brief four months have passed since the | President declared war and a call for volunteers went. forth to our people, and in less than 48 hours over a million of men responded to the call. The whole nation became a martial camp. The lighting developed a race of fighters. such as no nation on the fiiceNif the earth had overseen before. England had sailors as fearless, as able and as true, that they were the result of long years of training, whereas ours spring forth armed Cap-a-pie like Minerva from the head of Jove. We met the fee on many fields, and were everywhere victorious. On one of history's most brilliant pages will thine the names of Dewey, Sampson, Shufter, Sclilcy, Watson, Hobson, Philip, and a host of others enough to hit our Temple of Immoi lids. I After months of severe fighting and I su dering the enemy gave up the ghost i Porto Rico is ours, and our starry banner fliiatsitver the Sandy ich Islands, which is not part of our Imperial domain For those who fought and died for the country's gh ly, who lie | in a foreign land, all honour for all I time For this great victory, and all the blessings that the Almighty has bestowed on us, with wilful and grateful hearts. we join in the mighty anthem that now shakes the hand, I "Glory to God in the highest, peace on i earth, and go d will to men " 