PUBLIC LETTERS TO PUBLIC MEN. [No. 19.] ALEXANDER FORREST, ESQ., M.L.A, MAYOR OP PERTH. Sir,-I sálate you as a man and a mystery. If we go abroad amongst the people of Perth, who should certainly know you best, so many and so varied accounts of your character will be heard that the more information one obtains the more difficult it is to arrive at any just conclusion respecting you. According to some, you are the Seventh Minister, the Power be- hind the Throne, the Financial Dictator of the Forrest Ministry, the Controller of the Meat Ring, and the Mephistopheles of Politics. Tour private character is described also as being the reverse of gener- ous. You are pictured as the liberal-minded mau who introduced the custom of eating asparagus into this country, and of giving the stumps to the poor. Further, yon are credited with having said " If I had served others as I have served myself, I should not be as well off as I am to-day." * # * On the other hand, you are re- presented as a being foll of the domestic virtues, a kind and un- usually affectionate parent, and a man of great though stealthy charity. In politics, it is admitted that you wield a vast influence, but it is represented that that influence is always exerted for what you conceive to be good, but that it is the custom generally to make you the scapegoat for the financial errors of the Cabinet. In other words, people say that when the Ministry succeeds, it accepts all the kudos, while if it fails it ?conveys the impression by winks and shrugs of the shoulders and verbal -hints that Sir John has been landed in the sonp because Brother Alec has been at it again, and that the Premier would be a perfect paragon of statesmanship 4f only he were free from your baneful and interested advice. * # * Probably both these pictures »re considerably overdrawn, and it is certain that neither is'wholly .correct, though both contain some degree of truth. I am inclined to take a middle course. I believe that you have much influence with your brother, as you have with many others with whom yan. came into contact ; and I be- lieve further that much of the re actionism of the Ministerial policy has been dictated by you. Never- theless, I will do yon the credit of believing that you are asin cere Con- servative ; that you honestly opine that the welfare of this country de- pends on thesupremacyof the clique of which Sir John and yourself are -the heads ; and that, starting from these premises, you believe that almost any course of action which would secure a continuation of "that supremacy is perfectly moral «.nd just, even though the means adopted may savour of : Abe Jesuitical. At the same - time, you are far too commercially minded to suppose for one moment that the Forrest Dynasty is to reign solely for the good of its subjects; on the contrary, go- vernment is to you a matter of business, and like any other busi- ness must be made to pay. That it does pay you and yours is un- doubted, though I should be loth to suggest that it is made to pay by any illegitimate or underhand .means. * * # To the great majority of the working classes of the colony you .are known chiefly as the Brob dignagian Butcher. When the 'orny 'anded sou of toil digs his .canines into the matutinal slab of gutta-percha which is locally sold at lOd. per pound ander the alias of steak, he breathes a prayer for Alexander Forrest. When he picks up the Morning Herald in the even- ing and reads its shilly-shally policy of sham reform, he discerns again the cloven hoof of Alexan- der Forrest. When ho goes to a political meeting or the nearest pub. and begins to discuss the food duties, his orisons again . ascend for Brother Alec. Now I don't know and I don't care how much yon are interested in the mysterious Meat Ring, nor what dividends you derive from its supposed existence, but Ï do know that your unwavering sup- port in the House of high and unjustifiable taxation has ren ? dered your name a reproach and an object of hatred amongst those who suffer most by its existence. ? >" If you held any other political position than the one you do this would be a serious matter for yourself. But you are to be congratulated on this as upon other matters. Your position as a politician is probably unique in the British Empire. A member of a responsible Parlia- ment, you are yet practically ir- responsible. Representing a con- stituency of some 90 voters located and vegetating in a remote corner of the world, which you yourself visit only about once in five years, you do as you please, unchecked by public opinion and never having jbefore your eyes the wholesome fear of a general election. Tour constituents are mostly your cus- tomers and your debtors, and so long as you get them about ten times as much public works as they are entitled to, and don't squeeze them too hard financially, their troubles as to what you do with your power in Parliament are microscopic. Verily, it is a strange country, where a man represent- ing some 90 of his personal friends or dependents, has as much if not more power than one who is returned by the votes of thcu sands. * # # As may be expected, your voice and vote in the House is always recordedin favourof Conservatism, j plutocratism and reactionism. It would indeed be wonderful were it otherwise. And as for your motives and objects they are ** wropped in misfcry," as Artemus Ward says, but the motives which actuate the. party you are allied-to are pretty well understood; and my only wonder is that there has not been still greater abuses of power than those which have been charged against them, seeing that so many of them are in a position of irresponsible power Similar to your own. Lord Clive expressed himself as astonished at his own moderation ; and I candidly con- fess that I am confounded at the moderation of the Ministerial party in this country. When we consider what the M'll wraith faction succeeded in doing in Queensland where their oppor- tunities were far moré limited, I am only surprised that the cele- brated local Families - don't own the whole colony and the whoie people thereof to boot, body and soul. Probably they might have j done, had not the discovery of the goldfields upset their calculations ; possibly their financial genius was not so great ; or it may be that they were to some slight extent divided amongst themselves, and were unable to trust one another sufficiently. Perhaps the position has beeb, somewhat like that so graphically outlined by a mining man in my presence when the alleged corruption of the Mines Department was being discussed. "Yes," said the guileless expert, "you can buy 'email, butthe trouble is that you can't trust the bounders when they're bought." In any case the fact remains that your party have had all the power these seven years, and that they haven't : quite collared all the boodle is a matter for astonishment. * # # To one other feature of your character, I would again allude, before I conclude. |I nave spoken of the honesty of your convictions. I believe, from conversation I have had with you, that you really be- lieve in the absurd doctrines which yon at times endeavor to advocate in the House. This arises, of course, from your total ignorance of political economy, for which, however, you are in some degree compensated by your equally profound understanding of the other sort of economy. It must indeed be delightful to find one's principles and interests coincide so charmingly. Mine, I find, are frequently at variance ; and being only a weak and fallible man one or the other has constantly to go to the ; wall. In your case you are able to accommodate both, and thus make politics both pleasant and profitable. Happy man ! * * # I have so far refrained from re- ferring to your position as Mayor of Perth. In that capacity you are not much better, nor much worse, than others. You are hospitable, gentlemanly and courteous - except, perhaps, when your prejudices are aroused. So far, you do the city credit. . But judging hy results, you know no more of sanitation than, a hog unborn, or of civic economy than Nebuchadnezzar the Great knew of cycle records. But that is neither here nor there, for every other person who has been Mayor , has been in. the same state of muddle, and all the Mayors put together have not succeeded in making Perth anything bat a huge cess-pit, a half-way house on the road to Hades, and a disgrace to civilisation. We must therefore be thankful for small mercies, and be glad that as a politician you take comparatively so little ad- vantage of your position ; and that as Mayor you are urbane and courteous, if not a very efficient administrator, and that, above all, you do not in the latter capacity make long-winded orations in a sepulchral tone of voice, suggest- ing a baritone ghost howling through a subterranean gaspipe, as did your predecessor, j these solaces to my wfl^Sgdi spirit, I remain, with^âp^eof fealiners, 