THE SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1898. ' For the cause that lacks assistance, For the wrong that needs resistance, For the future in the distance. And the good that we ean do. SOME ENCOURAGING STATISTICS. The report of the Taamani&n; Secretary for Mines for the year ending 30th June Inst contains a great deal of useful and interesting information, and, taken all round, is of a cheering character. This is the first report presented by the new secretary, Mr W. H. Wallace, who was appointed on the retirement of the late Mr F. Belstoad. Mr Wallace pays the following well-deserved tribute to his pre decessor : ' He was appointed Commis sioner of Mines at Launceston in 1882, and Bucceedcd Mr Bernard Shaw ns Secretary for Mines, aud retained the position until the 31st December last, when, owing to ill-health, he was obliged to retire from the service on a well-earned peniiion. Unfortunately, his health still continued to decline, and lie died on the 23rd April last. During his term of office Mr Belstead proved himself a most capable and efficient officer, and gained the respect and esteem of all those with whom he came in contact.' Reverting to the substance of the Secretary's annual statement, we find that the. amount uf revenue received by the Department is the largest since 1891, and the quantity of gold won is 79,981 ounces, being a record for the colony. Of this uinount more than one-fifth has been produced foy the Mount Lyell, which is generally looked upon as a copper mine ; and the fact that one-tiftli of the colony's production of gold is coming from ore which contains only two or three penny weights per ton, and which could never have been profitably worked for its gold alone, affords a striking instance of the value of scientific treatment of low-grade metalliferous bodicB. The total value of minerals and metals raised was £915,881, out of which £301,448 was distributed in dividends. The pro posed works of the Tasmanian Smelting Company, And the amalgamation of the Lyell Reserve applications are mentioned in the report. All the mining districts are dealt with, and the prominent features of the year's work touched upon. The output from the world's greatest tin mine, Mount Bischoff, for the year wan 2,256 tons, and it is interesting to note tkat the old company continues to pay its divi dends regularly, having now distributed £l,50-),000, equal to £125 16s per share. It is stated that there is o prospect of a Urge amount of capital being introduced shortly to thoroughly develop the exten sive deposits of iron in the vicinity of the Blythe River, on the North- West Coast. The yield of gold for the year shows an increase in value of £07,264, Beaconsfield being the chief producer with 28,418 ounces, Mathinna coming next with 29,511 ounces. The outnut of silver- lead ore for the year Bhows a decrease, and tin also decreased by 1,278 tons, but coal in creased by 1,827 tons, and blister copper also nhoired a big increase, the total value of this product amounting to £397,927 for the year ; and the one mine of Mount Lyell thus accounts for considerably more than a third of *he year's metal produc tion. In the contribution of the Chief Inspector, of Mines (Mr J. Haroourt Smith) to the Report there are ft couple of paragraphs that merit more than pass. ion attention. Mr Smith says : — 'I am of opinion that much good would result from a detailed geological survey of the island, especially of the West Coast districts, but it is im possible to do this under present circum stances. It would require the undivided attention of two or three men, and very little satisfactory work can be done until a proper topographical surrey has been made. In the charts of the mineral fields issued by the Mines Department, the tracks, rivers, mountains, etc., are as a rule only sketched in, and they are sometimes very misleading. . Sections are often applied for remote from any previously surveyed blocks, and, as a connecting- traverse would be very troublesome owing to the broken nature of the country and the generally dense booh, an independent survey is made, starting generally from the magnetic meridian at a point whose relative posi tion is only approximately known. When the intervening sections are surveyed and plotted it sometimes happens that the positions of mountains, rivers, etc, as shows on previous chartB hare to be shifted several miles.' The inconveni enceatused through tins matters referred to by Mr Smith in the quoted paragraph ha* frequently Made itself felt on the West Coast as arc have .stated more than once in these columns, and ne has done good semes in ealling attention to it The geeretttrjr far Mines also make* some eulogistic fttBftifcft as to the excellent work doBSfej the 5-^eh.n School of Minos. Altogether die book » * splendid refer «tm im «b*e who wish to know tin 4M ttings wortk kaoring abtrat (*e abas «*A tatewd pnforttfa* of the Unclaimed Wines.— Josjah Lee, H. Hosting, Mrs W. H. McArthur. U is stated that Mr Mm Hirsch, the well-known apostle of the single tax, is coming to the West Coast on a lecturing tour. The Military Bazaar, which has been a considerable source of attraction during the last two evenings, will be opened this oftenioon to suit the convenience of the public. The 'Zeehan and Dundas Herald' canvasser and collector, Mr R. McOrrie is visiting Qneenstown, GormanStoD, and Strahan. Our friends to whom accounts will be presented, will kindly oblige with prompt settlements. Mr Corran, one of the leading officers in the Tasmanian lodges of the M.Un I.O.O.F., has been visiting the West Coast centres during the last fortnight, trans acting business in connection with Odd fellowship in the Western part of the colony. Mr Curran opens a branch of the Manchester Unity at Mount Read to eight. A curious report is current in Tunis that the famous hidden treasures of Eschmoun, god of the Phoenicians, has at length been discovered. It is said to consist of numerous bars of pure gold, sold coins, and all sorts of vessels from a drinking cup to a chariot in gold. Accord ing to the story, the treasure was found by a native, who communicated the secret to a French settler. The latter assured himself of the truth of the infor mation, and then went off to the palace. where he has entered into a contract with the French Resident to guide the authori ties to the spot in consideration of receiv balf of the treasure recovered. ? -A week or two ago a subscription list was opened in Zeehan in aid, of Mr A. Garner, the blind street organist, with the view of enabling him to pay a deposit on a new organ. This has resulted in contri butions amounting to £3 2s 6d, which amount has been received at tbis office from Mr T. W. Watts in trust for the beneficiary. The following is the list of subscriptions :— T. W. Watts 10s 6d, Frad. Sauoders 2s fid, A. Milrose 10s, F. G. Frew 2s 6d, R. W. 5s. a Friend 2s, a friend 2s, J. L. Fitzgerald 2s Gd, W. Perry 2s Gd. J. McCann 2s, J. Read is, F. At. Nicholas. T. Hogan 2s Cd, F. Perry 2s, R. Leonard 2s6d,L. Eent 2s Cd, N. Gi!christ2s 6d, Ringville 2s 6i, W. P. Beauchamp 2s, K. Skeggs Is. A young man named J. Cleaver, who arrived here a few days ago in search of work, and had succeeded in obtaining woodcutting, when yesterday morning he picked up a dynamite cap that had evi dently been cast aside by some person. Out of curiosity be commenced picking some dirt out of the inside of the cap with a horseuail, and before he realised his dangerous position tbe cau suddenly exploded, inflicting severe injuries to both bands. The young own being: without friends and money proceeded to Mr Rushton's chemist shop, where tbe pro prietor very kindly dressed his wounds. It will probably be a few weeks before he can do any hard, laborious work. A case heard in the Sydney Divorco Court on Monday has caused some com ment to be made as to what really con stitutes 'cruelty' on tbe part of a huB band. Alleged acts of cruelty on the part of tbe respondent in the divorce suit of Oneley v. Onglcy, consisting of trying to choice the petitioner, cutting her baby's hand with a knife, throwing hot tea in her face, holding her backwards over a fire smouldering in the grate, and singeing her hair, and pinching and kicking her, were not held by Mr Justice Simpson, in the Divorce Court, to constitute 'cruel seating' according to the Divorce Act, because it was not shown that tbe violence tad seriously affected the petitioner's health. The case was adjourned to allow of evidence being given on this point. The hoodlum who wants to oreate a 'ghost scare ' seems to break oat period ically in the colonies. The latest ghost is at Bendigo, and he has frisht ened several females into hysterics. Last Sunday night, shortly after 8 o'clock, Borne youths, armed with a double barrelled gun, stationed themselves at the corner of Bayne street and Stewart street, and had not been waiting long when piercing screams were heard from the corner of the next street. The young inen ran to tbe spot and found a young girl frantic and trembling with fright. She could only utt«r, ' The ghost, the ghost,' and swooned away. Turning tbe corner the lads saw a figure in white moving slowly along the footpath, under tbe shade of the street trees. One of them fired at it, and without a sound the figure jumped a neighbouring fence, and made oil into tbe garden. The ghostly mantle was dropped in the flight, and when picked up was found to consist of half a dozen yards of white muBlin. As it bore shot marks it is more than pro bable that the 'ghost' was struck by ssme of tbe pellets, though he gave no sign. The whole neighbourhood was aroused in a very short time, but though search was made till midnight nothing more was seen of the author of the scare. In one of the great insurance offices of Berlin, says the 'Pall Mall Gazette, a number of petty thefts have lately been committed, some person or persons un known visiting overcoat pockets and ab stracting cigars and small change. The Berlin police have not vet their Sherlock Holmes, but science they have, science ranging over ft wide field, and quite capable of setting a trap to catch a tbief. Therefore tbe detectives referred tbe case to the grave professor, who chose so many cigars and placed a certain anilin e powder in their mouthpieces, carefully concealed under the covering leaf. The cigars were then restored to the overcoat pocketa. The next day a general review of all suspects: ' Bhow your tongues and let's see it' your lips are blue 3' One un happy youbtl presented himself smiling with aniline jaws; mouth discoloured, anc it was shown he had been buying a Urge quantity of alum as Bn antidote. How's that, umpire, as a case of circumstantial evidence. Messrs Brumby & Co. will sell to-day at noon fruit, produce, and sundries. Mr F. Longworthy has a five-roomed bouse to let, furnished or unfurnished ; also two good huts at the King end. A. H. Manser, builder and contractor, requires one or two men for bench work. Good wages are offered to good men. Mr John Sly, of the Central Property Exchange, has a well-furnished 5-rooined house to let, and a number of properties for sale. Button Brothers announce that they have opened their first direct shipment of new Spring goods, which includes a good assortment of prints, muslins, nun's veil ings, serges, a splendid range of Turkey twills and white calicoes. Tbe grand annual ball in connection with the H.A.C.B. Society is announced to take place at tbe Academy of Music on Wednesday next. The Bail Committee have their arrangements well in hand, and it is expected the ball will be one of the successes of the season. W. T. York and Co. annoDncc tbat they .trill commence a special remnant sale to day, also a lot of odd lines in show-room and other departments are to be cleared at bargain prices. They also notify that they hare a large supply of wail papers that must be cleared regardless of cost to make room for big shipments. 