EDUCATION IN CHINA. THE RECENT IMPERIAL EDICT. The new Imperial edict reported to have l)Ben issued from Peking shows that the advisers of tho Emperor Kwang-Su hnvo at last recognised the source of all the weakneBB aud troubles of the Chinese Empire, Beyond litis indication uo one who knows any' thing of the modern China will be inclined to regard the oducatioun) edict as a serious resolution to introduoe sweeping changCB and to in augurato a new regime based on a diffusion of light and learning among the masses. Unless the present step of the Imperial Government is to be the firet move in the new game then we are very much disposed to think (bat the new edict re education will share the same fate as all the previous edicts which had set forth virtuous resolutions and good intentions in words no less eloquent than emphatic. We shall see. But the probability is that the "sacred" edicts will be posted up, and the public treasury made to suffer for the cost of maintaining a public education, which will in no wise be superior to the present private teaching of the time-honoured classical courses. As for Western sciences, teachers will be appointed to Ireoeive a salary after a tender for the post and the only qualification is the highest bid. The consequence will be that some one in each province will inake money. And Western science will become discredited in the eyes of the public by the barrenness of its results. This state of affairs is not altogether imaginary, for not very many years ago when the present so- called University of Peking was established nnder the presidency of Dr. Martin, there was in the old Peking College of Foreign Languages a Chinese professor of Russiau who did not knew a single word of the Slavonic language. One is naturally unwilling to cavil when what appears to be good resolutions arc made even by a Government such as that of Peking. Yet it seems childish to expect the provincial authorities to establish cunt res of scientific education, when Peking itself is so far behind all centres of civilizcd Government as to be a long way inferior to Constantinople and Monte- Video, and immeasurably behind the wonderful capital of modern Japan. Peking has a ghost of a college in the University presided over by Dr. Martin. The teachers, all foreigners with one or two exceptions, are excellent men, but are so handicapped in various ways that the good they have done is very small compared to what it might have been. It is not a University but a secondary school, nominally independent, but virtually at the mercy of the powerful Imperial Academy or Hanlin College, or " Forest of pencils." This college consists of the doctors of literature of the Umpire and is the embodiment of all the prejudices of the literary classes. In educational matters, the Emperor— unless by a coup directed against the authority of the Hanlins—can scarcely move without the approbation of the Academy. The latter it must be remembered is representative of the eighteen provinces, and contains the most learned men—perhaps the only men in the Empire who obtained their distinction by sheer merit. Consequently these men wield an enormous influence in the provinces, and no Cabinet in Peking would dare to incur the displeasure of the Haulin College. In all likehood the new programme will be entrusted to the Hanlin Academy to carry out. Unless the academicians agree to accept advice from Chinese who have received proper scientific training in Europe and from European experts, the scheme is doomed to failure, for the teachers of Western sciences will bo impeded in every step until the teaching becomes futile. Those who have doubts on this matter will kindly study the obstacles thrown in the way of the Peking college under Dr. Martin. The only rational method by which the masses of China can be reached and Western sciences may be popularised is the publication of Elementary Code Books in the Mandarin colloquial. Tho books to be prepared by a Board of Foreigners and Chinese—the Hanlin College not to be in majority, The Committee should work under strict rules something like those under which the revised Bible was accomplished. This elementary course should extend over three or four years —and would be an immenso blessing to the millions who would then for tho first time in Chinese history be able to read and understand their language in so short a time, and then we would have a united China. 