RECENT PUBLICATIONS. ]LD LIFE IN SOUTH ERN SEAS,' by Louis Becke: London, T. Fisher Unwin, rlSST^— This new volume of Mr. 'BeCke's is . a worthy successor to those which have gone before it. It contains descriptive,' and a few character sketches, as graphic as any which have been written by the same vigorous hand. Among the last mentioned ones a conspicuous ! place must be assigned to that of the savage po tentates introduced under the heading of 'An Is | land King.' Mr. Becke has the rare art of giving | vitality to his characters by a few touches, and producing a likeness which one somehow instinc | lively recognises as a wonderful reproduction of ; the original. Indeed, whatever scenes or what- j I ever objects Mr. Becke calls up he manages to ! present them as clearly to his readers' eyes as ! they must appear to his own. His gift in that ! respect is strikingly illustrated in the sketch I with which the volume opens, and which nar ! rates a desperate struggle be once saw between a { ! whale and its redoubtable enemy the thresher, or 1 I fox-shark of the Pacific. There is not, perhaps, ! . a better piece of writing on a similar subject ex- \ I tant. He really contrives to impart something -j | of a breathless interest to the entire situation, I till the agony of the leviathan is ended, and, suc ! cumbing at last to the repeated strokes of the I antagonist which has taken it at a disadvantage, | it gives up its 'greasy ghost.' As might be j expected from so realistic a delineator of 'wild ; life,' some of his pictures are gruesome enough, : but yet, as in former instances of a like kind, I the sensational episodes are relieved by passages. I in. which the writer seems to have been domi- 'j | nated by the more peaceful spirit of those island i scenes, and to have faithfully reflected in ...his J I pages all their primitive gracefulness and 'beauty. .] i This gentler, tone, to a great extent, pervades the J I memories which are evoked in. 'Old Samoan ] i Days,' and it is equally recognisable too in other I sketches contained in the volume, but surely i with no detriment to their picturesque interest. They are all most readable, and should add to the reputation of their author. The book is j turned out in excellent style. S 'Good Reading About Many Books,' by Their Authors: T. Fisher Unwin. — The opportunity for 'tasting and trying' the literary dishes of which Mr. Unwin is the caterer will doubtless be very generally appreciated by the public to which it is offered. There is, indeed, sufficient reason to suppose that such is actually the case. The little book under notice has had two immediate predecessors. It contains chapters from a num ber of new works, covering somewhat varied ground. There are novels, biographies, histo ries, studies ia social science, in politics, and other subjects, some by writers who are widely known, while others, so far as average readers are concerned, have their reputations yet to make. Among the most familiar names in this list of authors and of people who have furnished subjects for authors, are John Oliver Hobbes, Charles Keene the artist, Wilberforce, and Wil liam Pitt, Mary Cowden Clarke, Sir Samuel Fer guson the Irish poet and archaeologist, Martin A. S. Hume, and Louis Becke. The names thus specified may seem rather incongruously assort ed, but they will serve. 'The Builders,' by J. S. Fletcher (Methuen's Colonial Library), is a story of English rural life, the scenes of which are laid somewhere in that southern part of the island, with various types of whose inhabitants the novels of Thomas Hardy have made so many readers ?famiiin-r The old adage of marry in baste and repent at leisure receives fresh illustration in the course of the narratives, and to a very painful extent. The. processes ,by which a young wife, who is empty headedthough not evil natured, is led into vicious ways, is described with some power, and with no little truth to nature. 'Secretary .to Bayne, M.P..' by W. Pett Ridge. — In this narrative the (hero makes his appearance under somewhat mysterious circumstances, and is carried through some curious experiences in Lon don. - Social and political problems are mixed ud with love affairs. Who this mysterious personage turns out to be the readers of Mr.* Ridge's book had better be left to discover for themselves.' It will suffice to say that during his sojourn in Lon don, where he becomes private secretary to a member of -Parliament, he is brought in contact with some' strange national types, including an archist exiles from the Continent, not forgetting some unadulterated specimens of the genus Cockney. as ' well as samples of very different breeds; The touches of romance and of everyday modern real ism are not unskilfully blended. These two volumes of Methuen's Colonial Library have been sent to us by Messrs. George Robertson and Company. 'A Lad of Mettle/' by Nat Gould: George Kentledge and Sons. — The hero of Mr. Gould's latest story, gives earnest of his 'hnettle' in the very first ^feapter. He licks the bully of his school, and is hailed with raotnre by all the rest of bis schoolfellows. By and bye Ids fortune brings him to Australia, in which -many exciting adventures befall, him. out -of which, however, he comes triumphantly. In this, as in previous nar ratives, Mr. Gould consistently adheres to good rules of poetic justice, and takes care that, what ever trials the fair and' square man may tem [ porarily endure, to bring hiin. out on top in the \- end. Mr. Gould, too, remembers the circus pro prietor's injunction, and doesn't 'forget the i 'osses.' .?'*?''' I The December number of 'Our Alma Mater,' [ the serial edited by the. students of St. Ignatius's ! College, Riverview, has reached us. . It contains, ! among other articles, a couple on. the Gunpowder Plot, a subject on which general interest has been revived of late by two -notable publications, vari ously representing the Catholic and Protestant sides of the question. On the one hand the Ca tholic chaplain, Father Gerard, maintains that it -was a sham plot, devised by Lord Salisbury's an cestor, Cecil, to discredit the Catholics. On the other hand, -Professor Gardiner contends that the plot was a reality, and that certain Catholic fanatics were at the bottom of it, though he con siders, at the same time, that the majority of their co-religionists were wholly innocent with regard to it. Naturally the -(STiters in 'Alma Mater' see the matter in the same light as Father Gerard. The publication has greatly improved in appearance as well as in other respects, and re flects much credit on the institution with which it is associated. We have received from Mr. Hugo Alpen a little pamphlet containing practical hints for the teach ing of vocal music in. public schools. It is pub lished by -Collins Brothers. York-street, and its price is 9d. It seems well adapted for the pur pose it is intended, to serve. From the Government Printer we have received a pamphlet of 32 pages on 'Sheejj Fluke,'9' by N. A. Cobb. The subject is dealt with in a very care ful way, and information gathered from various sources, besides what the independent studies of the writer himself- has supplied, is brought to bear upon it Tbe pamphlet is illustrated. 