THE HAUNTED MOUNTAINS • ou, COLONEL CODY'S SEARCH. A ROMANCE OF THE WEST. BY COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM, Author of the “Mysterious Man in Blue.” &c.; CHAPTER LTX.—ONE UNFINISHED MISSION. "You are seriously, if not fatally wounded, X deem it my duty to tell you; but I will do all In my power to save you." So said the one who had fired the shot at the Hermit, and who was in the weird masquerade of a spectre horseman. "At first the bullet;: seemed to have cut through my body. I grew faint, and it seemed that I had but a few mo ments to live. But then I rallied when you c&me;, and though I am suffering I feel stronger, and the wound may not be fatal,” replied the Hermit. The "ghost,” as I will call him, had removed the Hermit to his cabin and placed him upon the bed of skins and blankets ho found there. Then he had thrown open the heavy buckskin coat and woollen shirt, and discovered the wound just over the right shoulder. “I saw that you intended to fire again, and so aimed to wound you in the right arm; but I see the bullet has passed through the flesh of your arm, gearing the bone, and entered here beneath vour; Ehoulder, and I think has not gone very deep. I know very little about sur gery, but can dress your wounds, and help you while you have to lie up.” ‘‘Who are you?” "Call me Ghost, for just now 1 am going in the guise of one.” “You doubtless frighten many Indians, scouts, and even soldiers, but I do not fear phantoms.” “You must have a good conscience." “I have wronged no man or woman, but I have lived of late years for one purpose." “And may I ask what that is?” “To kill a man.” “Come, you must not excite yourself, for, remember, you are to get well.” “I sought to kill you because I sup posed you were the tool of that nian.” “Who?” “The Monarch of the Mountains.” “I am the tool of no man, though X tnay appear so.” “And yet you serve that man.” “That may appear so, too.” “I could have killed him, as I said, many times; but that would not do, for he would have died with a secret on his lips that I must know. So I have spared him, hoping to track him; but he has always eluded me, though he did not even know I was upon his trail. But here I am telling to you, for some rea-, son I cannot understand, just what I would not have him know, yet you do hot know me. do you?” “I do not.” “I have not told you my name.” ' “No.” “You could not tell him who I am?” “No; and would not if I could.” “Than he would not guess, even if you told him you found an old hermit hun ter living in the mountains who said he was his foe ; for he has so many, you know — so many men who would kill him could they do so. could they ®nly find him; and besides there is a rope Waiting for his neck. “But.I must first see him' face to face, first learn the secret which he alone can tell, ere he dies; and, do you know, I believe in a just retribution, and that he will die by the hand of one he has cruelly wronged, if not by mine. But you will not tell him all this, will you?” “I will not.” “Do you know who .he.jaj.’kiuiiarci^.-br-' ^.‘itjfivcmtpYns, .but I suspect that he is a fugitive from justice, a crime-haunted man, and that he has an evil aim in life, even though he dwells in the moun tains—in fact, I know that he has.” ■The Hermit would have again spoken, but the Ghost had dressed his wounds and said : “You must keep quiet now. I will re main to-night, and then come daily to see you, either I or one other.” “The Monarch?” gasped the wounded man. ■ “Oh, no; he shall not know of your existenoe, I refer to one who will care for you even more tenderly than I can. Now X will see to the comfort of my horse, for it is growing late, and then come back and cook some supper, after which I will turn in for the night, for I have had a long ride to-day, and only turned off my trail to track you.” “I will obey you,” the Hermit said ; “for X Wish to get well. My mission on earth is not yet finished.” 