ENGLISH LITERARY NOTES. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, July 29, 1898. The flood of "Gladstoniana" shows no signs of drying up. Every man to whom in his long career the deceased statesman-<*> wrote a letter or a postcard feels bounds to I publish it. They all indicate one thing conspicuously, viz.. the comprehensive and thorough manner in which the G.O.M. in sisted—despite the wear and tear and tur moil of political life^—in uoing his duty to wards his neighbor. Mr. C. Barnett | Smith, who in after years wrote a "Life of I Gladstone," relates how in the days of his j callow youth he asked the great politician] if he might dedicate a volume of poems to] him. "Judge," he sayp, "of my feelings when a letter came, in his own hand, ask ing me to forward the poems for his in spection. They were returned in a few days with a letter, in which he said, 'I have now gone through your poems, though not with all the freedom of mind I could desire. They appear to me to reveal con siderable merit and promise, and if J'ou succeed in finding a publisher you are quite welcome, as you propose, to dedi cate them to me.' Enclosed in the letter was a cheque for £5. This generous act was entirely spontaneous on his part, and was due to no suggestion from me, be yond the fact that I referred to the severe struggle for existence I was passing through." Mr. Barnett Smith heard many of Mr. Gladstone's great political speeches, as well as many of his extra-Parliamentary _ ut terances on social and religious questions. In his judgment the highest of all the ora torical effoi-ts of Mr. Gladstone was that in which he closed the debate on the second reading of the Keform Bill on the 26th of April, 1868. It was that speech in which he spoke of having been bred under the shadow of tlie great name of Canning, aud touched upon the small claims lie had to lead the Liberal Party, as compared with those of his predecessor, Earl Rus sell. "I came among y?u.,' s he said, an outcast from those with whom I associ ated, driven from them, I admit, by no arbitrary act, but by the slow and resist less forces of conviction I came among you, to make use of the legal phraseology, in forma pauperis. I had nothing to offer you but faithful and honorable service. Yon received me with kindness, indul gence, generosity." Then, passing from the personal element, be thus closed nis impa?: sioned speech:—"You cannot fight-against the future. Time is on our side. The great social forces which move onwards in their might and majestv, and which the tumult of our debates does not for a moment im pede or disturb—those great social forces are against you, they are marshalled on our side, and the banner which we now carry in this fight, though perhaps at some moment it may droop over our sinking heads, yet it' soon again will float in the eye of lieaven, and it will be borne By the firm hands of the united people of the three kingdoms, perhaps not to any easy, but to a certain and not far distant vic tory." When the literary history of the Yicto rain Era comes to be reviewed by t-osteritv. a not inconsiderable space will, without doubt, be awarded to the brilliant lady journalist, essayist, and novelist, who passed away at an advanced age last week. Airs. Lynn Linton was not a public woman. Beyond the privileged few who had the entree of her comfortable flat in Queen Anne's Mansions nobody knew her person ally. She abhorred women's congresses, women's clubs, -women-writers' dinners, and all the self- advertising machinery of her sister scribes. And yet few names were more familiar to the reading and the thinking public than hers. She held strong views on all sex questions, and never failed to press them with the full force of a viva cious, trenchant, and often mordant pen. In private life Mrs. Linton was the kindest and dearest of women. She was persecuted like all successful writers by the literary aspirant, and her patience and forbearance with any young fool whose work showed the faintest symptom of pro mise used to amaze me. On the other hand, to mere incompetent moneyed ink spillers, Mrs. Lynn Linton exhibited small mercy. "It is immoral," Bhe would say, "to mitigate their afflictions. In the in terests of poor penny-a-liners, honestly working for daily bread, let us crush them —if they can be crushed." Mrs. Lynn Linton {nee Elizabeth Lynn) was the daughter of a. Lake country -vicar, and born in Keswiek. Her early circum stances accustomed her to se'f-depen dence. She was motherless at five months old, and her up-bringing seems to have been nnsystematised. The household, how ever, was a' happy, one. Mrs. Linton re membered the frugal meals of her child hood, in which oatmeal porridge had a con spicuous place, and described the family amusements—picnics, round games, and tea parties. The *black thunder cloud over Skiddaw, the rain falling in sheets, and most glorious sunsets,"'had their place in her early memories. "I perfectly re member Robert Southey," she once said, "with, the eagle's beak and small retreating chin, snare frame, and dark eyes full of fire. He preferred long, solitary rambles ■to our primitive society. But Harriet, Duchess of St. Albans, was more sociable, and when journeying northwards used to invite the vicar to spend the evening with her at the Royal Oak." My father's fel low parsons were a very queer lot. Some drank and fought in pnblic-houses. others were little better than honest day laborers, and it was not uncommon to near the officiating clergyman exclaim, when his Sunday ministrations were over, "Gosh! that job's jobbed." Mrs. .Lynn Linton began her literarv career with journalistic work in 1845. and for twenty years was a regular contributor to the "Daily News," "Household Words." and "All the Tear Round." In 1866 her first conspicuous success in fiction, "Lizzie Lorton of Greyrigg," made its appearance. The story is a sombre one of love and jealousy, reflecting at once both the charm and the melancholy of life in -ne Lake coun try. .It used to be a favorite yellow-back a few years ago, but I don't remember to have seen it recently. In 1872 Mrs. Lynn Linton scored perhaps the greatest sensa tional success of her long career. "The True History of Joshua Davidson." This was for those days a daring book, a biting satire on modern Christianity. It was the story of a Cornish carpenter's son, who de liberately set himself to live, and act in all respects as did that other carpenter's son, and "David's son"—Jesus. As the book was written before slumming was fashion able, there was nothing extravagant in the assumption that he was scorned by society for consorting with thieves and prostitutes As toleration in religious thought was then far behind what it is in the present day, there was not any glaring want of proba bility m representing him as a martyr at the hands of the church whose dogmatic Christianity he could not accept. Joshua Davidson was in the end kicked to death by the very men for whom he Jiad worked during the best years of his '?e. Mr. Stead has included "Joshua Davidson amongst his penny books so any of you who wish to sample it can achieve that end on the cheap. The autho rised eonion costs, I believe, half a crown. In 1875 lire. Linton brought out "Patri cia Kemball" (considered by many her best novel!. and in 1876 "The Atonement of Learn Dundas." The latcer is, in my opinion, a capital story. It turns (some thing like Mrs. Oliphant's "Carita") on the sufferings and remorse of a girl, who in childhood, has been led by an accumula tion of mixed feelings to commit man slaughter. In "Carita" the heroine kills her j; mother by accident, in" Learn Dun das ' the heroine murders her hated step-' mother deliberately. A novel, however, of Mrs. Lynn Linton's which created a far greater sensation than "Leam Dundas" and a perfect storm of controversy, was "Under Which Lord" (1879). The hero here happened to be an avowed agnostic, and the villain an Anglican priest. Mrs. j Linton was indeed deliberately writing I with a purpose, her object being to warn ! paterfamilias to distinguish between the legitimate ministrations of a parish-clergy man and the illegitimate influences of pro selj-tising priests. Mrs. Lynn Linton's later novels were not equal to her earlier ones. I should pernaps except "The World Well Lost," the pathetic story of a loving woman'6 de votion to a weak scamp who has spent the best part of his life in penal servitude, and emerges from gaol to be a constant shame and embarrassment to his wife and children. It will, however, be rather as a stalwart and ever uncompromising opponent of the unwomanly woman than as :i novelist that Mrs. Lynn Linton will be best remembered by posterity. To the "Saturday Review" in its hey-day under Beresfprd Hope, she contributing smashing essays on "The Girl of the Period," "The Shrieking Sister hood," "Spoilt Women," and kindred sub jects. These did more to crush the forward movement unionist smart and fast females than anviliing of the sort ever written. Her pen at that time was less vixenish and bitter than it latterly became, and her arguments ex tremely well put. "The Girl of the Period" essays were published in book form in the early eighties, aud the volume now lies before me. "The Girl of the Period," you must remember, was an ex crescence of 30 years ago, and must on no account be confused with "The New Wo man." whom Mrs. Lynn Linton has also handled severely. The "Girl of the Period" originated with two notorious but beauti ful golden-haired demi-mondaines (Mabel Gray and Maude Middleton), whom it be came chic to copy. Says Mrs. Linton, '•The Girl of the Period is a creature who dyes her hair and paints her face as the first articles of her personal religion, a creature whose sole idea of life is fun, whose sole aim is unbounded luxury, and whose dress is the chief object of such thought and intellect as she possesses. Her main endeavor is to outvie her neighbors in the extravagance of fashion. No matter \- if in tne time of crinolines she sacrifices \- deeencv, in (he time of trains cleanliness, \- in the time of tied-back skirts modesty; t no matter either if she makes herself a nui [ sanee and an inconvenience to everyone 5 she meets. The Girl of the Period has done away with such moral muffishness as consideration for others, or regard for counsel and rebuke. It was all very well in old-fashioned times, when fathers and mothers had some authority and were treated with respect,- to be tutored and made to obey, but she is far too fast and flourishing to be stopped in mid-career by these slow old morals, and as she lives to please herself, she does' not care if she displeases everyone else. Nothing is too extraordinary and nothing too exaggerated for her vitiated taste, and things which in themselves would be useful reforms if let alone become monstrosities worse than those which they have displaced so soon as eke begins to manipulate and improve. If a sensible fashion lifts the gown ont of the mud, she raises hers midway to her knee. If the absurd structure of wire and buckram, once called a bonnet, is modified to some tl-ing that shall protect the wearer's face without putting out the eyes of her com panion, she cuts hers down to four straws and a rosebud, or a tag of lace and a bunch of glass beads. If there is a reaction against an excess of Rowland's macassar, ami hair shiny and sticky with grease is thought less nice than if left clean and healthily crisp, she dries and frizzes and "ticks her out on end like certain savages in Africa, or lets it wander down her ljac-k like Madge Wildfires, and thinks herself all the more beau tiful the nearer sbe approaches in look to a Degress or a maniac On the subject of marriage, top, Mrs. Lynn Linton held extremely strong views. J was not aware of the fact, but the "Daily News" says her own was not a conspicuous success. She married in 1858 the late William James Linton, the well-known wood-engraver, journalist, and author. They lived for some time at Brantwood, where Mr. Buskin now lives, but after a while they drifted apart by mutual agree ment, and lived with the width of the Atlantic Ocean between them. Mrs. Lynn Linton's personal appearance and manners took by y surprise those who had con structed for themselves an imaginary Airs. Lynn Linton oat of suggestions from her vixenish pen. Instead of a lean, sharp faced, woman of vinegar aspect, there came forward to greet you A kindly, comfortable looking matron, smiling at you sweetly through gold-rimmed spectacles, and speak ing with a voice as soft as her opinions were pronounced. She cultivated a sound mind in a sound bodv, worked eariV in the day, took a great deal of exercise, alter nated energy with rest, enjoyed Nature, and took pleasure in art: She ha?l a country home at Malvern, whore fhe culti vated a garden, but she toon; great pride and pleasure in' her prettily-furnished rooms in Queen Anne's mansions, where most of her writing was cone. -Mrs. Lynn Linton's remains were cremated at Wok in fk Of Indian mutiny histories, biographies, and novels there seem no end. Many are entrancingly interesting, some are pro digiously long. If, however, yon know a man who desires to grasp the subject with in reasonable limits, and yet acquire ac curacy of detail, let me recommend Mr. T. Rice Holmes's "History of the Inilian Mutiny," a cheap edition of which Mac millanfi are just bringing out. This is, com paratively speaking, a small book, being in one volume, -whereas most histories of the mutiny run to several. But Mr. Rice appears to have mastered the noble art of ■"boiling down." Even that experienced wielder of paste-pot and scissors, Tay Pay" O'Connor, accords him eulogy on this point. In the course of disembowel ling the book to fill -five columns of the "Sunday Sun," be said:—"The author has learned the extraordinary and difficult art of condensation: There is not a page, an act, a figure of the great tragedy and the great epic omitted; the notes give some idea of the vast research and labor which have gone to the making of the book, and yet it is a volume which.can be read in a few hours. This is an achievement and a benefit. No man with the blood of any of the- brave races which conquered thi mutiny—English, Irish, or Scotch—in his veins, ought to remain ignorant of the scenes and deeds of that terrible time. Here, in the course of an afternoon's read ing, he can have the whole story. I can make the further promise' that the style of the volume is so charming, the incidents follow each other with such dramatic rapidity and sequence, that the hours will speed on quick wings. It is bnt a poor and an insufficient compliment to say that the book is more interesting than any work of fiction. For myself, I have read it as breathlessly as though it were an exciting novel, with that added sense that £ was reading of reality and not of fiction. Im partiality, profound knowledge, a charm ing style, unassailable accuracv—these are qualities that are not often found in com bination. They are found in this note worthy volume. The new novels most in demand at the booksellers and libraries just now are Mr. Bernard Cape's "Lake of Wine" (tremen dously puffed by Henley) and Mr. Basil Thomson's "Indiscretions of Lady Ase nath." "Helbeck of BannisdaUV' and "Evelyn Innes" blbo sell well: and the Eensit scandal, combined with Mrs. Lynn Linton's death, causes "Under which Lord" to be occasionally asked for. The death of W. E. Henley's little daughter and only child a few years ago nearly broke the hearts of the poet and his wife. Their grief was so poignant that for a long time even dearest friends dare not touch the raw and still aching sore. Now the worst must have passed or Mr. Henley would not, in his collected volume of verse, be able to refer to the Joss. The allusion occurs in uie epilogue dedicated to Mrs. Henley. The poems ("poor wlndle straws"), he says:— are yours, as I am, till we attain That end for which we make, we two that are one; A little exquisite ghost Between us, smiling with the serenest eyes Seen in this world, and calling, calling still In that clear voice whose infinite subtle ties Of sweetness, thrilling back across the grave, Break the poor heart to hear:— "Come, Dadsie, come! Mama, how long—how long!" The fierce war which has broken out be tween Harmsworth Brothers and those mighty monopolists, W. H. Smith and Sons, anent the selling of the new three penny Harmsworth Magazine will not, I fear, greatly interest colonial readers, though we are all up to the eyes in it. Public sympathy runs chiefly with Harmsworths. Smiths hare ruled news paper proprietors and publishers with an iron hand for years past, and everybody is glad to see them getting vigorously tackled. Up to. now oefore a man could bring out a new paper or magazine he had to go hat in hand to Smiths and ask them "Will yon take it?" If the manager said "No" you might give up all idea of a country circulation. If he said "Yes" you had to submit to stiff, not to say, exorbi tant, terms. The only paper publicly known to have "bested" Smiths is the "Referee." It started on the daring and novel line of allowing no returns. Smith said they must be permitted returns or they wouldn't take the paper. Mr. Samp son (who founded the "Referee") never theless stuck to his guns, and for years Smiths boycotted the "Ref." It grew, however, ultimately too big a business to be ignored, and Smiths caved in. Mr. Harmsworth has, vulgarly speaking, got the firm on the hop. If Willings and other big newsagents can make a fair profit out of the magazine^why not they? And the public echoes "Why not, indeed?" 