COPELAND. IIOSPITAL CONCE'RT. A concert in aid of the Newcastle IHIospital was given in the School of Arts on Friday evening. The hall was densely packed, many being unable to find a meat. The overture by tihe miinstrels was the first item, and lcessrs. Franks and Sanguincti, on the cornors, withl their jokes rmd local gags kept the audience in good hiumour. A negro song. by Mr. II. Sanguinleti, and songs by Miss May Young, Ma?stcr J. Anderson, Miss Anderson, Miss Young, ,od Mr. Wlardrop, were all rcndered in excellent style. Mir. W\V. Franks sang "Hear denm bells," receiving an encore. Mscsrs. Franks and Sanglincti in "their " ghost act " caused no end of laughlter. Mr. JoeCornishi's song received well merited applause, but the veteran declined an eneore. The duct, "The wind and the harp," by the MIisses Alderson, the song, Mrs. Flriend, the duet, the Mlisses Young, and the recitation by Mr. 'Friend, all deserve a passing word of. praise. MZr. Bob Foster (late of Tivoli Theatre) in his special work was excellent. The sailor's hornpipe and Irish jig, in character, by Masters J. Anderson and Frced. Giddey, were performed in excellent style, and were in each case encored. Both the laIds are puipils of the ex-clhamnpion tr. H. V. Juames, who deserves credit for the manner in which ho has trained the lads. Mr. Bob Foster, in his mimuicing and song, " She was in my class," showed himself a comedian of no mein order. Mr. J. Wardrop, in chlarac ter, then sang " I'm in the humour to shout," and brought down the house. This was un doubtedly the song of the evening, and well merited the applause bestowed. This was followed by a song by Master Fred. Giddey, which was heartily received. Mr. :Bainblridge, of world-wide celebrity, in his sketch business was gool, and his jokes were especially so. At this stago Mr. J: S. Janies, t tshe request of the commnittee, came forward, and in a feow well chosen remarks thanked the per formers who had taken part and also theo general public for the liberal manner they hadil patronised the concert. Miss M. Trowarthi carried out the duties of accompanist in an able and efficient manner. The farce "Turn Him Out" by Meanrs. Fralnks, Anderson, Bnlryn, and Brockwell, and Misses F. Edwards and B. Brockwell, brought one of our minost successful concerts to an end; lsnid no doubt secretary Seeman will Ufind evoiy thing satisfactory from a financial point of view. The ball tliat followed was ai great success, about 50 couples tripping tlhe light fantastic to the strains of Messrs. J. E. James and Printer (violin) and M?rs. Eaton and Mr. S. F. Colman (piano). 