CHAPTER XIV. KNHIE HASAS ASVBSTDBX. M^INNIB was rapidly L Jrecovering, and the KlT tame drew nigh a^J^when he must ©r WJ~ganize his infant B~' faculties into some f^ line of action for | maintenance. He had not been idle , „,, _ _ during aportioBof his sickness. He rose from his bed a differ ent person in one respect— he could read a little, and every day added to his powers in that direction. His progress was really quite astonishing. His face was pater than before, and his step was still unsteady. But his features were no longer expressive of vacancy, and his step was not AumhKng His white forehead and finely molded mouth and chin ?gave promise of considerable strength. How often at night he asked after the wel fare of Winnie. This pleased Helen, and her pictures of the girl were at tames tinged slightly with the golden hue of anTectum. It 'may be stated, also, that the clear-eyed . islanddaughtsr, with her ' iss,' and 'wass,' and sweet Gaelic accent, also inquired daily for Finns. One day Pinnie was feeling unusually de pressed— h* felt that he was becoming a bur den to the household. All were glad to see him so well, and to hear him rattle off ' lit erature' with more or less readiness. Bnt Ote tact that he was a non-supporting mem ber of the group was painfuL So, one day, when Helen returned from her labor, which stUl continued, she found a note awaiting ' her. It was written in boyish script, *t«* read as follows : Dear Miss Helen: I thought I ought to get something to do. So Ihave borrowed a little money of Mrs. Smith, and I have gone over to Mr. Conrad North's to talk with him and see if he knows what I can do. I will hope to be back as soon as you do. PINNIE. Mrs. Bmlth had gone Into the .city ihop- ping, and had not returned, and theaaid of aU work knew nothing of Pinole's going; Eight o'clock aad Mrs: Sattth both came, and still no Pinnie. But at half-past 8, jack as they were becoming alarmed, a note came from Mrs. North etaang that 'Mr: Finale1' would remain there over night. At the North castle It had been a dullday. The light remark made by Conrad about a threatened raid on toe down town effiee wor ried Mrs. North. Being forewarned, of course Mrs. North felt that there was no real danger. However, what may be called the 'feminine shadow' hung over her, and bar mind refused to dispel the gloom. The huge clock in the hallway bad just struck 2, when the heavy knocker on the heavy door sent a chill through her slight frame. By the time the man servant was at the door, Mrs. North was at the head ef Urn old-fashioned staircase. The door wasopan ed. There stood a pate, lank, sickly-fookinc woman in masculine raiment ? at least that was what Mrs. North suspected. The large, dark eyes rooked strangely and steadily upon the doubtful Mr. Bonsx, who stood for a moment without saying a word, as if wait ing directions from his mistress. And when Bonar did spring him with a question, he did it carefully, so as not to scare him away in case he were a real ghost 'An* phwat kin I do fer the likes o' yerP 'Can you tell me, mister, if Mr. North Eves here!' 'Indade, nor, an' we Idn do that,' return ed the Irishman, withoutoffering the desired information. On the long piaoa, or porch, near the outer door, was a huge rustic chair. With a stammering word Pinnie almost tumbled into this, nraob to the anxiety of the man. 'Och, me leddy, the lahd U sick.' Mrs. North was by him at that moment, and asked of Pinnie: 'My boy, are you ill?' '1 have been, Mrs. North, but I am only ?o tared bow. I walked from the ferry.' 'Bonar will bring you into the house' — and, as she said this, the sudden thought came into her mind, that, perhaps, this had something to do with the threatened bur glary. 'But then,' she reflected in an in stant, 'that was at the down town office and surely this youth would not be an agent insuehworkl' Then sbe said, aloud: 'You speak my name, bat I d« sot remember to have met you, do you know me!' 'Yes, I know you from the words of Mis Lament. I came to talk with Mr. North, i who can tell me what to do, probably.' 'Are you the sick person of whom Mia Lamont told usf -Xs be oou turned.) 