A FAHTHFUL TRAITOR.) 0 11 A PTE U VII. As'tow would Im vi; been delighted if llio girl Iiiiil answered hor grandmother iv i 1 1 1 another sharp. retort, and had. re-, fused In obey that roughly-uttered com mand. 1 -11 1 liliznhoth did nothing ul the sort : she walked quietly back from the I. mii, I j.iMfi.il lun-self in llii- -:1 1 ;i i I- intl ic-.-itiuI. There was such gentl'-ness, Mich grace, such pathos in her submis sion thai Anlony Poilo felt a strange stirring in liis breast, nnd the first im pression was made upon liis ininil nf tli.U likeness of Elizabeth which in after days (ins In grow into so cliiiif iny, so beloved, mi unfailing a vision. The bitter words Feo had spoken aliont llie girl's hard unloved fate liail n new ami more real s-iif iiifioiinc« now ; and lie found himsell deciding eagerly lo give his cousin all the iiiiUn liis power to hell) the ? girl , to i escape from such a life. | Antony would have had exactly the same fouling had Eliznbctlrlioon as plain i as she ivas pretty— indeed the young man liardly realised just -then that the girl was so very attractive. Hit was inter-; Mod in her, and ?would possibly have been interested in any circumstances ; but it was the atmosphere of biting harshness that surrounded : the gaunt , bard-faced old wom-in, who was, so Feo liacl told him, Elizabeth s only 'compan- ion, which now attracted his sympathy to tin? girl so freely, so completely. Richard Saville, emerging from an .in-, tier roonrwith some rare old wine, pro duced only on great occasions, caught a glimpse of Antony's face as be stood looking at Elizabeth, and the- sight brought a strange expression into his eves. Lie set down the wine carefully.. 'Now to, table! M rs. .Latiniar, yor. will be comfortable iu this chair. M«3 Elizabeth; will yoirsit-here ?% -Tony.. ... ? What — you . are t not going, my lw-y ? Oh, tlii-s is indeed \eiy unsociable of you. I have promised- to lunch with , the Forrnnds,' Sir Antony said quickly; I Si'iould not hav-! intruded . here at iill- — i-speeiaily bad .1 Known you were engaged —but that T wanted to leave a message with you,': Dick.'' lie-had regained his composure, strengthened by the thought (if 'Elizabeth's sympathy, and ho now. ad vanced to .Mrs. rjatiinar and held out his hand. ' I hope- von will- forgive me,' he said, willi the frank boyish air that was so charniing to most people. ' I would not for worlds have disturbed your business chat with my brother, -Mrs. Lat iiuar ; but you see I made a mistake.''; Mrs. Lntimiir was not in the least won l-y the pleasant voice or the; ; .handsome face. ? y'.[ have not much, patience with people 1 trlioiiiakc mistakes.! '- shii^said tartly ; anil she .touched bis: baud grudgingly j with her thin (infers. ' l Elizabeth smiled up into his eyes as lie | paused for a moment ?before her chair; -their hands seemed to exchange a, world 'of comprehension, of 'jj'mpnlhy, of friend ship, as they were elaspel for that brief pi-riod oF lime. She felt it rather hard to explain to herself why her grand mother's curt rudeness to Sir Antony. 1 -should seem to convey more than the usual ungraciousness and eccentricity of manner which was meted out generally to all strangers, and why this feeling should carry even a deeper sense of re gret nnd sympathy than that which filled ? her whenever Keo came iu for a shale of Mrs. fjatimar's'gi-ini humor. Somehow it seemed to Elizabeth that there was a distinct motive m ho.r grand-, mother's mind, a distinct desire- to lie rude to the young ufau, to «i\' harsh tliidgs; not frtitu hef'r usual mischievous delight iu upsetting and mystifying new comers, but from a deliberate feeling of ill-will towards this particular individual, Not knowing any ju-t reason for this accentuated nideness, anil touched read ily by the simplicity awl sincerity in An tony's nature, which were so clearly re vealed to her, Elizabeth gave more freely of her .'sympathy lo him, than she had ever- given to any, one else before. She wo'iikl have liked him in any circumstan ces, since he was iSo dear to Feo ; but it . was.an easy matter to like liinr for her selFi ' There iwas a direct magnetism in his charm of manners and his handsome lace and strong young ligure which touched the girl's heart ; she admired bin) more, and thought more highly of l.'iin than any stranger she. had yet met. As Richard Saville escorted the youiig man affectionately from the room, his liand resting upon his shoulder, his voice olteiing graceful regrets, Mrs. Lntiniar glanced a L iter grandchild. Elizabeth's | face had a tinge of delicate color ; it looked indescribably sweet and fresh and young, framed in the old-fashioned bon net. The strong light from the tall ? window fell full upon the girl's loveliness ; ^but'there was nothing to mar it! e pic . lure ; the coloring,' tlie soft smooth skin, Ihe full red lips.Jiad no need to fear the ?rays of the strongest sun. Mrs. Laliiuar noticed that the girl's -'yes followed Antony Peile's disappear ing form. She clasped her hands one over the other and gave her little chuck ling laugh, at the sound of which Eliza \- 'belli turned .sharply. She know too well the meaning of that odd simulation of merriment ; it was llie usual foreVminor of some speech that was caustic, probably 'unjust, certainly disagreeable. She looked for mi inslant at her grandmother. Mrs. Latiniar' s lips were sneering... ' Dreaming dreams — eh, Elizabeth ?' -b - said, as she | lit out her hand and [ii. lied herself up with dilliculiy by means, of the back of the chair; ou which the girl was sitting. ''Seeing yourself irans formed. into a gntud lady ? Creating a knight of love and chivalry out of that -nost commonplace young man ? Waste ?of time, my dear — waste of time .' .An limy. Peile may amiif-e himself by looking mi- ' utterable things into vonr i yes, lie may holdyOur hand tenderly, lie niiiff:'.- UvS .-ibly whisper soft nothings in your ear J f ho had the 'opportunity ; tut' — the old woman stood upright now, her baud (-(ill gripping Elizabeih's ciiiiir ; ;her voice Was weaker, but the bitterness in it sounded just as clearly — 'but men of Sir Antony Peile's class, Elizabeth, my -!ear, go no further than that with penni less nobodies like you !' Elizabeth rose too, very slowly. The pretty color had left her face, her lips wen; pale and drawn. She trembled with sudden hot indignation and pain : but she said 'nothing. She pushed a chair close to the table for her grandmother to sit down upon, and Stood wailing very still and pale as Mrs. Latinur sank into it slowly surd -laboriously. The old woman looked up ; lier Face had the same gray worn look that Eliz abeth had noticed two nights before, but her eyes were as cleaiv as piercing as ever. ' Well,' she asked sharply, ' where is your tongue? Why don't you indulge in your Favorite' rudeness, and lell' me I am a vulgar old woman; or something of thntsort? You could retort easily enough just now.' Elizabeth gave a sigh that seemed full of unshed tears. ' You are always cruel; .grannie,'' she . said sadly ; ' but there are moments when your cruelty does more than wound — tflien /it amazes- nie ! If you did not i know me -so well,' the girl went on, breaking down a little. ?' you might per haps gratify your sense of humor by strik ing such terrible blows at ? '??? ? ... Elizabeth paused abruptly. Richard Saville had returned. Tlie girl looked away to liidu. hei' agitated lace, heivquiv ering lips, and tear-blinded. eyes. ?? ltichard,' Mrs. Latiniar said uncere moniously,.' if I do; not have .my lun cheon at once, L shall -die !? . Open that wine and give some to Eliza'.iulh — she has lir.d it heavy morning, getting me here. 1 am a little more cumbersome than I used to be, you see. Elizabeth, come and sit down. Never miud your tears ; Iiichard has seen a woman cry before to-day, and he knows what a nice tongue [ have when I care to use it.' Richard Saville gave a swift glance nt thcgirl's ligure, at her bowed averted head. ' If Miss Druro would cometomy rescue, I should be. most thankful,' be said quickly, with a skilfully assumed lone of mock dismay. ' Ijimcheon is a novelty to .my domestics here; £ have just been told that . my cite/'— at ? oilier times my caretaker— is in despair as to how to cook the asparagus; JSrow I can make a fairly decent speech, but the cook ing of asparagus is quite beyond me.' ' 'Elizabeth, go and show ihat fool, how- to. do it !' Mrs., Latiniar said. The girl Hilled out of- the room almost before the sentence was begiin. - She stood alone iu the stone passage where only a few moments before she- had sat and chatted so pleasantly with Antony Peilej' and she '.-'pressed her hands., over, her eves, and upon her'fast-beating heart. She was nervous and: oppressed witli.;the weight of. the' growing' fear -about . her grandmother'; otherwise she: might have borne the latest specimen of Mrs. Lat imar's-pecnliar. humor, with more equa nimity. Never before had her patience and self-control deserted, her ; so - com- pb'toly. She made-no pretence nf; going.; into the kitchen ; she -.knew thoroughly well that every (letail respecting sucb.a uiiin's domestic arrangements would bo as nearly f*-rfeet as possible, and that to olVer her services in the kitchen would be foolish in the extreme. The excuse Mr. Saville had invented ino.der that she might es cape from the room and conquer her agi talion was so prompt, so kind, so clever, that the girl could not refuse him her gralitude. , ?. ??? : . 'Me is really kii-d,';slle 'said to - her self ; then she sighed weaiily. . ' It was not often she fell, as though it i wotrKl be quite impossible for her to go ou beai iug the burden of her daily life, but she fell it to be the case just now. The memory .of her .grandmother's cruel words, though they had- been spoken very possibly iu the usual spirit, of bitter just, with which she was only too famil iar, pained her as if she bad been scorched with a hot iron, the trace .of. which would never pass away. ? It' was useless for Elizabeth to- try to analyse her present feelings. ? Judged by tlur standard of I former sneers and cruel words, liergraiid ! mother's last attack 'upon her' was' Uo': worse nor more unkind than those, that had been inaile at many another time ; [ yet Elizabeth had never suffered such: mortification and pain from the old wonwu's- bitter loiigtie as she iias suffer ing now. She still trembled from indignation' as - she sat down upon the stone steps and tried to conquer her agitation. ' [ am silly — silly !?' she said a little fiercely lo herself, as, against her will, the tears' would well up into her eves nnd. her lips would quiver. . -, .???;. ' But iu the depths of her proud deso late young heart she- knew 'she. need- -not reproach herself for her weakness. Any other woman would have felt as she was feeling. All- the pleas-lire she liad derived from her .short intercourse with; Antony L'eile died out utterly now, anel the- mere thought til' meeting him again with the recollection of her grandmother's, sueer stinging her all the tinie was ' enough to bring a hot (lush (if. shame over her tear stained face. ? ? ' ' : ; '[ hopi) I shall never sco him again !?' she said passionately' lo herself ;. then : ' she became conscious of a- little, added heaviness, a little sharjier regret. ' She had liked him so .much, niid- ho was so dear to Feo ; and there luid been something so appealing to her -in. his handsome bnyish face — the vague some thing which drew out the latent iuothor liness which lurked beneath all Elizabeth's repressed tenderness. - ? She arose with a sigh.'that liugerinnly /lutlered from, her lips, and, as she did so, Mr. Sa v i lie's housekeeper came to' her and asked her if she would not like to remove hor bonnet. ' Mr. Saville sent you these sails for your headache, miss,' the. woman said kindly : ' and is thero anything- I -can ' do for von ?'?' ? Elizabeth took the salts, but she re fused to remove her bonnet. '(My grandmother will not- stay long, and I feel better now ; it is ..cool, .out here.' She smiled, a prelly wan smile, at. (he -.woman. .' .11 1:. Saville is very ki'ul,' sho added gently.- . She, spoke with conviction; for nothing could exceed the tad and lhougl|U*(i!!iQo3 of (his man whom she had always disliked.,. ' Mr. Saville is- always kind, itvss,' the housekeeper answered. 'I've served ' liim for many a year now, and I've never i had as much as a cross word from him.' ' Will you come in to luncheon, miss — or ivouid you rather stay here ?' ( ' I 'will conio in,' Elizabeth said ; and i sho carried the large salis-botlle iu with i her. * The tour-stains were on her face ami her pallor was not gone, but -to Richard Savillo's eye's she liiid never looked more sweet, her innocent fascination had never been 'greater ; his pleasure in looking at hor and watching the various expressions Hit nverb'jr face bad never been so great. Jle rose and attended to' lie'r require ments like a knight serving-' his queen ; he laughed anil chalted with the old lady, who?e k»eii eyes had been turned lor one ins'tiiiit towards Elizabeth as she reent ered the room ; ho was his usual tactful and charming self; No one looking at him could have guessed that n-tonch from Ihe baud of the shabbily-dressed pretty girl sitting beside him would have sent a thrill of passion through him— a passion: of love, oF hope, of 'determined desire, which was slowly becoming more and more intense, uiore irresistible even than another passion which Forthepsist twenty live years had held sway over him, and which, though so strong, -so lasting, had never been revealed, and indeed had hardly been enn Tossed iu its full power even to himself in his secret moments of ? self-ami lysis and self- comprehe.nsioii. Mrs; rjatiinar was full of caustic wit throughout the luncheon ; but Elizabeth noted that she ate next to nothing, ami to the girl's anxious eyes it seemed that, the grav shade that had fallen over the thin-sharply-cut face deepened with each hour that passed. Whatever the business was that bad brought the. old lady to Richard Saville's office, the lini.l trans:, ctiou of it- seemed to have given her much satisfaction. It was wonderful, however, how very Utile it took .-to 'please her where ltichard Sav ille was concerned. .... -'.You will come and see me soon — very soon, if you please, Hicliard,' .-lie ?said '-peremptorily, when at lasLsluv sig nified her intention of departing. 1 do not mean to lie-put on one side for j any of your smart folk; so be good i enough to understand that.-oiice and for I all!' -? Richard Saville laughed pleasantly. '? Do you think I deserve that reproach, my dear, old friend ?'.' lie asked her. ' When- have 'T ever neglected you ?'' Mrs. Latiniar had a ready n-ply. ? ' All last year,' she said promptly, ' vou- neglected me shamefully ! \\\ hat took ...you olT' to dance attendance on a harum-scarum boy I could never under stand. Please don't- repeat the experi ment,; Richard1 — at least,, not until L. am in my grave . , ^ Richard' Saville won -his way a- little ?further into Elizabeth's good ;graces by -the tender way in which lie waited on- the old lady anil bore willi her sharp merci less toiigue. ' ? ? \- AV lieu they at last got downstairs, they found a neat- brougham waiting for them - at the door. ; - ' I- would have ordered you: an- open carriage, hut I tie night, yon would ]irel'er, ibis,' Mr. Saville said. 1 Mrs. Latiniar grunted out some .sort of acknowledgment.-...''. -. ' Don't sit willi your back to the horse, Elizabeth !' she said sharply. ' Yoiii are looking like a ghost as it is ! For mercy's sake, don't tell nie.you are goin^ to he ill !' Elizabeth laughed faintly. ; t-- ' I am quite well, grannie,'; she said ; then she jiii t out her hand to the tall, distinguished- looking man standing on the pavement in the sunlight. 'Good-- !bye,;Mr. Saville, and thank you !'? she said gently. 'It is i who should thank you. Miss Druro; ; ? I shall hope to have a repetition ofconr little luncheon-party very soon.' ' It will have to be in liloomsbury, llii'ii.' Mrs. Latiniar remarked ; ' and I shall have no objection. Iiichard. provid ed -yon bring the luncheon willi you. I certainly canurft afford such extravagant '-entertainments. Now tell the. man to drive slowly, but not, .too slowly ; 1 don't ?want the carriage to be taken for a fune ral procession. Elizabeth, shut both the windows!' Mrs. Latiniar sunk back i.wearilyiir the carriage as it rolled away and closed her eyes. ?' I am tired, Eliz abeth. Don't speak (o mo. Wake me up when we reach home.' ? - - : Elizabeth sat still and silent beside her grandmother as the brougham moved i evenly . through the crowded streets. Once Mrs; 'Latiniar opened her eyes, and, putting out her hand, touched the gill. ' Well, have you forgiven mo ?' she asked faintly, somewhat in her old sharp way... „ '..Did 1 make you very augry, Eliza1. elh ?'' ??''Very,' the- girl said quietly ; yet her heart tbrMled sligliilv, for her grand mother's speech took her quite . by sur prise: .'But you— you hurt ine most of all, grannie,' she added- unsteadily, ' when you said ? — ' ' ' I know what 1 said perfectly well. You need- not ...repeat: it, thank you, Eliz abeth !' The weary eyelids drooped again'j.;nnd then were once more raised. ' I t was a beautiful luncheon,;. and you ate -nothing, Elizabeth. I was quite vexed wiib yon.' ' I ate as much as you did,' Elizabeth said, wisely restraining such-emotions. as. I she felt, and falling back easily into their old style oF conversation.- , . Mrs. Latiniar slumbered for a few minutes. It was intensely hot inside the brougham, but Elizabeth had to repress her desire for fresh air \ the touch of her grandmother's hand upon hers had been icily cohl ; beat was necessary to the old woman. - ' That asparagus was excellent. ' Mrs. Latiniar remarked, waking up again after a long pause. ' Richard need not, have lied about his cook. .That was on your account, .Elizabeth., I , hope you were grateful to him.' '? I was very grateful — very,' Elizabeth answered truthfully. In n -.fair, .-moments more they bad reached the -door of the dingy old Liloonisbury house, which 'presented such , a -contrast-: to; all its .neighbors, with its unpainted front, its Ilowerless windows, nnd dusty blinds. ? ; 'The next lime I lunch with Richard lie shall send this carriage for us,' Mrs; Latiniar said, as she alighted and went viry slowly towards her bouse — so slowly Ihat it seemed as though the journey ivonld never no- accomplished. She stood for a moment when (he loonvay was finally reached, .nnd looked lack at 'the Square garden bathed ? in; the; 'lory, of the. .afternoon sun, the tail tops if the old trees moving gracefully in' the 'aint breeze that stirred (hem now and .lien..; 'The world In.s iis beautiful moments,' lilizabelh,' she said, in- a voice that was irilike anything llie girl'hail ever heard From her lips, before— n voice that was Ircainy, wistful, regretful. She had one withered hand '.resting on' Jilizabeth's shoulder. There was a long silence be tween. them : I hen llie old woman sighed. ' Still, 1 shall not -lie sorry to go when 1113' time conies,' she added softly ;,aud at these words a mist, came over Eliza beth's eyes, and the pain and fear of the night ,before.| rushed back to her heart with redoubled force. . Loaning ' heavily upon- her grond dau'gbter for support,' AJ rs. Latiniar went into her house, and the. door was closed behind them, shutting out the heat and: the golden splendor of the sun that made the day so beautiful. About twelve hours later there came an end to all earthly sunshine and cloud For Charlotte Latiniar; the world, with its good and bad nionionts, was gone from her for ever. The end had comi!' to her in tlie night — stealthily, surely. She was found lying dead in her bed. She had said she was ready I o go, and she had gone, peacefully — -10 the eyes of the only creature who shed tears over her — willingly; and those was a softer; sweeter look upon her white slill face ill llie first hii-b of death than (here' had ever been upon it in the years of the life which Elizabeth had shared and suffered with her so patiently. 10 1!U C0NT1SUHI). 