Il. ( TEIIRIBLE BURNING ACOIDENT -4 A. SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT* STEAM-PIP EJN?. BATH_ . a- IS FLESH-ADHERED'-TO IE PIPE Last LIKE STEAK TO A FILYINOPAN. rve cil . AN AWFUL SIGHT.? ob- While In a bath in Pitt.atreet, a Mr. Jarvis had the misfortunn to slip and fall on the hot, -water pipes and before he could be rescued hes r. was scalded and burnt in . terrible'way.. The ore shock of the b,'rning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a num.' "be of years he was a confirmed invalid, salter J. og terribly from' locomotor ataxia and other. d forms of paralysis. Afew months agq, however" reports began to'be circulated in the neighbour.: b hood that ir. Jarvis was getting round again, pr and that he had had a most marvellous recovery sr from this apparently incurable malady. It was a on account of these rumors that. a special so. , D, porter from the Rlydney "Workerr'! was dos. patched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house 01 I5 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thos, Jarvis was ce discovered nursing a two.year-old baby,and his face declared him-one of the happiest men: in Sydney. He was up and about, and ablq to d 8r answer the knock at the door. Although pale oe and bearing still a fewemarks of a critical illness and a perlod of pain, it was very clear that he ri was an Invalid no more. d l0 In reply to the prelimary questions he adul:..- . Id "You want to know all about any case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The " it facts may boof value to those who are stricken gt rn I was." "o ow long were you suffering?"' i "O Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that g I had to leave off work, and I have dose nothing st since then. About flvoyears ago next Christ- 9! mas I met with ani accident; I was badly ti( scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, w 1, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after. four years of gradual development of the malady, I ivasTorced to give S8 Sup my billet at the Glebe Island." 1" What were the s mtltoms ?" " SimIply tndescrrba-le.' :Te c pains were a s omethlng teorible, Ttlie?. werdpRt anbot a go $ much as I could bear. -Thoy were fob;alil the world like as if a saw were cutting my.ybones in two Iin every part of me. -I had no'control over WI my bowels or bladder, and was a nulsance to al myself and 'everyone else. I was Incessantly shivering and shaking and could neithoreat nor sleep. On the 23rd sarch last I saw a well- It known doctor, and he told me that my case'was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me au order to Iho Director of Charitable Iistltutions. a mE "Did you make use of the order ?" "No; I came thome and wcnt to bied and have ani been pretty well in bed over since. Fi e weeks nut ago I could not get out of bed. I felt then that vol it was all over with met and only a -liietion of days when I would give 'p the. ghost. !o y aft doctor was attending me and did dll'ho could Vef by opium and morphia pills, to ease the ngony Il was in. I rwas under him for five or'six weeks lie came to the conclusion thatI wuai ehfferin?g his from locomotor utaxia, orprogre?tlvolocomootor ;lt ataxy, a'diseec seof the spinal chord character, Ized by peculiar disturbances of 'gal; and diftl. culty in co-ordinting voluntary movements. t 4''A Hfe told ide that I might last for ten years, and it V that "I mlight never get tih use 'of miy legs. (Just then the patient kicked .hia-legasl.about au witl' energy too soTii tlhit' iTii7iI "pinion is. oni nlot infallible.) Well, ust ap'a ado1otJ ian i li will grasp at arrthaiv, groop ciatan ea con eyed by the :itverltsement desdrihliunkle cure elffected hl tbi?rc;oie of nuiihpi" boierier.akcr in 'England, whichll'- I read li the '" ' ?u traliaii f' Worknian," by'1)r. Willihffis' Pink Pills for litti l'ale Pcople. I read in the advertiaseront of n calse which secnmdI to lit my own. I determinidl I tn give the pills a trial, and sent for a box. itri 'The veffect-was milrelloiiu. I woas able to eat wil nnd sleep as if nothlig was the matter with imie. Ift wns the liirst tlp etitnaind rest I had for many. I a day. ,j ifnmiricd?tly left tile bed and was able avni to move about. T"?t}see thomnce tcies there ? Mr. 'JTey are pm.efectly noew, and In li he never edtc thea. ThLey rero rntdb for mo before I got Ing D1. \Villianms' 'ii'uk Pills, but I was too weak vot to lse themi, and now I don't want them." - ' " lie is Iiiolier cýtt? bhtter,' asiodl [t..Tar- or a vie who had rcone In. "-l)r. \iltliaini Pink tiY I'ill for Pt'ile i.'eoi have saved hlih lifv, andl 'nt niadle another nmaniOf Ir'm." -', r' .. A friend whd called In at this pitablntsld that yerI Jairis looked ten yearns younger that lily than it a lie ldid a fortnight prevlol?u " 'rrl "I can now," contiiaed Jarvis, " have a cold bian, ied a:ll the feoling hlas come lack into t lly leg. I aoribce all tlie'chalguaald hlelit igib to )r. \Villi;ina' Pini Pills. 'Tliy ltive salved ii my life. On the mantel piece there is ia box of Sioplin lmid lmorplhia pills which the doctor gave ' M inn to deaden tie excruciating paiun.. But thely epo can ettiy wllcere they aire, for £ e1s longer loned them. Everybody who knows ne has been i T amazed at the change in ime. They can hardly a believe their eyes. iMy being aibout againl hasl caused (quitelt sensation out here. furtl Such is ttils remarkable history, anul it con- Yil firms what isald in all the chief newspapers of . this country of the astonisling?,cures wrought Illin. by Dr. Williams', Pink Pills for PYale PIep. e rosp 'I hey cure locomotor atly,' 'pirtial'??amslysi, hol s and splhil disease, also the mapydlisorders which arise fromr an impoverished state of thei blood, o0111l such as anaemia, indigestion. pains in:the back, able norvous headache etc. ' . ., .? n id Mr. M'Gowen leader of the Labor Party in l the N-S. W. Legislative Assemblyr'?s seen by wart our- reporter in connection with tho case of app 'Thomas Jarvls. -: Mr. M'Goweii says lie has .known Jarvis,from infancy. He afterwardls lam :heardiJarvis was bed-ridden, and that there pack wau little chance of his recovery. He nnder. i* stood Jarvis was refused ndmission to Stydney In Hospital' as hise case. hanibeen lprononced Incur. lg able.' Mr:' M'o?oweul was theyefore, astounded Ilni at;theocomplete 'recovery 6f Jarris' \- The genuine Dr.: Williamns' Plpk Pills arc sold T ontyn iwoden bhies, aboi' t tilo inches in spril Ileigth, each of "which is encircled by a-blue fishi earning 'bel. e' The' optside6 wraplope has the n?eui Drnn .Wsllamsl Pink Pills for Sarl'eople, lost p'iintell n red. e lrn'i's odfdoeubt ttle,'{etter to whi scnd'direct t6 tdie Dr. Williams' Medicine Coah- md puany, Flindocswtrpet, Melbosrpe, enclosing the iirlea, 2 '981'nbox, 'oi"'i± h?xus for iiao 3d ing They arenot a pitrgative, and contain nothing tron 'that couldinjuiro the most delicate. w ...~.,, . : whre 