JoKr\r\y Sar\des Booked. RHYMES OF THE TIMES.* As Davidson Symmons was the riotous joker, the poetical anarchist, the irreverent caricaturist of the " Passing Show ". column of the Melb. Argus, so has Johnny Sandes been the versifier who has touched with a delicately poised pen at a wider range of subjects. Symmons is a writer almost entirely topical. Sandes occasionally launches out into the national, the introspective, the abstract. Symmons writes for a larger public and gets his effects in simplicity and directness ; Sandes writes like Gordon did for " gentlemen" in the word's most restricted jsense. Symmons, though of Irish birth, has become ^completely Australian ; Sandes, though of Irish birth, is, has been, and always will be purely English. Symmons is the poet of the racecourse, the bar, and the man in the street, and, despite the fact that he is never serious, is' the more human. Sandes is a poet of refinement and culchaw, and the enthusiasm he arouses is always that of the girl in a chiffon blouse, and the man in the long f roek coat. Symmons's admirers say he is damn good. Sandes's think he is awfully nice. But outside the stock admirers of both men are a few who can see the merits and the faults of both ; and can recognise how much both men did to make the " Passing Show" column of the Argus the bestknown weekly consignment of light pars, and verse that has ever been received by an Australian public. Why the sterling verses which have from time to time appeared under the nom- de-plume of " Oriel" were not published in book-form is a question that has been askedmariyatime,and, while Symmons's verses have all been for the moment—good though they were—Sandes has at last answered the question in the most clinching way by bringing out his " Rhymes of the Times," a neat buckram volume, printed, illustrated, and generally " got-up " in a manner which could not be surpassed by the best publications of the Old World. In the title page he states that the book is by John Sandes, omitting the fact that he is an M.A. of Oxford, but, unfortunately, the fact will crop up, though the pedantry and stilted affectations that the usual University graduate cannot shake off are kept well under. In his preface Sandes makes the characteristic observation that he is a " writer who is obliged by circs, to cultivate the muse rather as a nodding acquaintance . . . than as an intimate friend." But the dedication to the easily-identifiable " C.S." on the opposite page gives the lie to this assertion. Sandes only a few months back was married to Miss Clare Berry, the handsome daughter of Sir Graham Berry, of Melb., and the dedication verse has been poured out with all the enthusiasm of the honeymoon, concluding : That on my verse hereafter Thy grace may haply wait, This book of tears and laughter To thee I dedicate. But of all the verse he has written, Sandes is strongest in patriotic, and, though he has not the swing of Newbolt in his stuff, he is unquestionably superior in every other respect to that overrated bard. The declaration of the Spanish-American war gave the Argus man a splendid opportunity, and in " The First Shot" he raps out some stinging stuff: Fire ! and a wreath of snow-white smoke enfolds a spirit of flame, Leaps from a shining cylinder that is trained in a deadly aim ; And just in the golden blaze of dawn, as nature awakes and smiles, The voice of the ten- inch turret gun rings out o'er the startled isles. The leaves of the palm trees whisper low, and the stems in the cane brake nod ; And the branches creak in the dark, deep groves where the Buccaneers once trod. Yon sunlit waves were their cruising ground, and a shot in war again Must wake strange echoes hereabout on the shores of the Spanish Main. The sound eventually awakens Drake beneath the waters of Mombre de Dios Bay, and his shade questions that of Hawkins : ** But spite of the lesson our broadsides taught, as they labored close inshore, The Spaniards had gotten another fleet, and have ta'en the sea once more ; And I wonder whether the captains now, and likewise whether the men, Can fight their ships as they should be fought, and as we fought them then." Dp spake the voice of Hawkins bold from his couch in the ocean bed, Off coast from Porto Rico fair, and these are the words he said; 4 1 Now Francis Drake, be of right good cheer, for the men, who to-day fight Spain, Are the self same breed as thou and I, so turn to your rest again." Similar in feeling is the sonorous, impressive verses, in which he deals with the running down of the warship * " Rhymes of the Times." J. Sandes. From Gordon and Goteh, Melb. Victoria. A storm is breaking over Europe, and through the multitude of sounds certain of the more ominous are discerned. An Emperor's order is heard, and— . . . " An army at his sign, Grounding half a-million rifles on the eastward of the Rhine." The French jackals yap at the British lion in Egypt, the other envious nations clamor, and there arises— " Above Stamboul the screaming eagles of the Czar, And the Cossack spear-butts hammering on the gates of Candahar." The verse concludes by pertinently asking a question that should be directed at the ghost of the " ratty " or intoxicated Tryon: England, while the pulse of Europe bounds at every bugle call, Can'st thou spare four hundred of thy sons to feed the scrawl 1 Following in the same imperialistic lines is Sandes' red list federation ode—without doubt the best of the lot in a poetical sense. He deals with the federal issue merely from the British Empire point of view. Australia, as Australia, is nothing—it is only as the "bright jewel in the diadem of the sovereign Queen," &c.;, &c.; But it is good : Awake ! awake ! for England's sake. Close up, close up the lines ; The orb of war leaps up once more, the orb of peace declines. And ere the star shall shine again above the stormswept flood, Yon orb that rises redly now may sink in seas of blood. He asks Australia will it vote, " Yes," Or shall the listening legions hear, upon this lovely shore, The footfalls of a nation that they never knew before ? Heed not the lying prophets when aloud, " Peace, peace," they cry ; Each cartridge filled, each bullet cast, each lancehead gives the lie. And plain for every watcher are the portents boded forth, And loud, for all who listen, rolls the thunder in the North. This is Sandes's patriotic vein. His humorous is represented unfortunately by only one good example, " The Dresser's Story," told when the two lady medicos were appointed to the surgical staff of the Melb. Hospital: She was barely one and twenty, and her name was Tibia Jones, She was neat and sweet and girlish, she was strong on broken bones; But she chose the branch of science that she felt she loved the best, And she made a special study of diseases of the chest. Tibia Jones one day is called upon to treat a patient, who is off color in his pericardial sac. He is barely 29, good looking, and as she described what was the matter— He listened as a patient should, " What shall I take," said he— The doctor stood awhile in thought, and then replied, "Take me." • • • • She never went for her M.D. ; she'd something else to do; But casualties still drop in, say every year or two ; And as she hugs the latest in her old familar way, She feels that she has taken double honors as MA. Its a pity the poet has not included more stuff of the Tibia Jones sort. He has plenty to choose from, as every Argus reader knows, and of those plenty are many who could well replace half a-dozen verses in the volume. If there is any fault to find in the book it is the number of elegies it contains. Violet Varley, Sadie McDonald, Tommy Corrigan, Gladstone and Gondolier, the racehorse, are all threnodised, and, despite the occasional bright lines in all, elegy is not the writer's forte. Sadie McDonald is sung about in the sweetest, most pathetic strain, the refrain of her favorite song, " I Want Yer Ma Honey," assisting, but the prettiest verse is the last of the uneven collection about little Violet Varley. " If barbs have caught life's tangled clues, The peasant maid is not transformed once more, And sings resplendent in diviner lines Than e'er La Gloria wore." Sandes has given the light touch he can use so skillfully no proper chance in the volume, a fact that he has evidently realised himself, for he remarks in hiB preface that "a jester cannot always be gay." No, but in his book Sandes is gay only once, and obituarises five times. However, if you can laugh little you can enthuse often, and can feel the tremor of victory, and the pride of battle in your blood, for, when all's said and done, it is his patriotic verse which is on top of all, with strong ideas cast out strongly in an envelope of strong words. And, after all, it is only natural there should be plenty of grit in Sandes. HIFPARCHUS. Photo, by Mendelssohn. MR. JOHN SANDES. 