DAYS OF CRIME AND YEARS OF SUFFERING. AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY. Reprinted from "The Australasian" of 1867 by special permission) CHAPTER XIII. —(CONTINUED.) When the morning at length dawned one of the policeman went and fetched my clothes to the watch-house in a cab, and I, in the true spirit of professional vanity, attired myself in the best suit I had. At my commitment I learned the secret of my arrest. Just an hour before I had waited upon the bank manager Mr. S. had been to the bank, and had trans- ferred his account to another banking firm, so, of course, my little story, how- ever plausibly delivered, was known to be an utter fabrication. In heart, with the full view of the years of doom before me, I was sad enough; but I managed to suppress all emotion, and seemed to others to regard my posi- tion with the most perfect nonchalance. I happened to hear the banker tell the in- spector of police that if Mr. S. had not transferred his account, the bank would have paid the cheque without the slightest hesitation. He said, too, that I had address enough to go through with any- thing. This flattered my vanity, and I called out "Good-bye. I'm off to college; but when the vacation comes round I may perhaps pay you a professional visit with better results to myself." The banker upon this advanced to the cell door, told me (what was true enough) that with all my cleverness I was but a foolish boy, and then he seriously exhorted me in the years that were to come to apply my talents to good purposes. He spoke kindly to me, and I listened to him re- spectfully, promising to remember his advice. To me he said, "God assist you to be good;" and to the inspector, "Give him some dinner, and I'll pay for it," and away he went. In my heart I was very wretched, but my misery was not of a character to be followed by a healthier tone of mind. I sorrowed not for my sin, but for its de- tection. I was chagrined more than grieved. I was mortified to find myself outwitted—brought to justice by the ex- cess of my own would-be cleverness. I did not, perhaps, think much in those times, but since then I have had an en- larged and terrible experience in the pur- suit of crime, and too well I know that the astutest intellect, the best conceived plans, the nicest calculation are, when applied to wrong-doing, all impotent to avert the doom that follows sooner or later upon a career of wickedness. The villainy of to-day may be detected through the contingencies of to-morrow, and trifles the most insignificant may secure the con- viction of the criminal. A French writer truly says, that justice may be vindicated by a straw. I hope my reader that you are honest, and will keep so; but if you are not, clever though you may-be, the time is not remotely distant when, like myself, you will be caught and caged. \------♦♦♦------ CHAPTER XIV. NEWGATE. Newgate. How suggestive the very word! What associations cluster round the name! How the heroes of the far-famed "Calendar" start into life at the very sound, and are visioned before us in all their pristine glory! How it bears the memory back to the good old times, and begets a reverence for "The grand old law, the simple plan, That he should take who has the power, And he should keep who can." Ghosts glide before us as we breathe the mystic syllables, and Claude Duval, Captain Maheath, Jonathan Wild, and Jack Sheppard seem, in the spirit, present. Newgate! thou great school for the improvement of the mind upon the mutual instruction system; thou world of recondite mysteries; thou teacher of un- known tongues; with thy choice precepts and thy perfect examples, with thy philo- sophical theories and thy daily practices, how many a youth hast thou filled with a spurious and misdirected emulation, and been the means of raising to the most exalted station, thy records chronicling his fame, and the mansion itself becoming his mausoleum! More than once have I trodden thy passages where sleep the dead in their unepitaphed notoriety, and I have thought of the poet's words and found it easy to believe that there might rest "Some heart once pregnant with celestial fire; Hands which the rod of empire might have swayed, Or waked to ecstasy the living lyre." I have often heard it said that simplicity should be twin to greatness, and I never was so forcibly struck with the truth of this remark as when the liveried footman of Her Majesty's carriage handed me out at the door of Newgate. I had seen the outside of one or two of the modern—or model, if you like—palatial seminaries for ethical tution, and the meretricious manner in which they were decked out appeared to me to be a sort of carved commentary upon their own weak- ness. But here, how different. No wide portals replete with architectural ornamenta- tion were opened for my reception. A little wooden wicket turned on its hinges, and in a moment the busy street was behind me, and a turnkey, a second Daniel Lambert in size, stood before me with a not unpleasant smile upon his face. In those days photo- graphy was not in the service of the prison, and so my personal appearance and previous history had to be sketched with pen and ink. This was done instanter—five feet seven and a half, slender, light brown hair, grey eyes, fair complexion, read and write, Protestant, born at Finchley, Middlesex, age sixteen, once in prison before for vagrancy, congenital brown mark on right side near upper ribs— and the picture was complete. I was then introduced to the reception ward, where there were already three inmates. I was by no means appalled by the look of the place. I had been familiar worse in my non-pro- fessional days. There was accommodation only for nine, if my memory serves me rightly. The sleeping berths were contained in a three storied frame, and there were three rugs and a mat to each berth. The ward contained a fire-place, but the weather being warm there was of course no fire. Over the fire place was a boat rudely carved, which my companions assured me was a traditional likeness of Jack Sheppard. Above this was a large board, on which was a painted notice that any defacing or injury of the books placed in the ward would meet with punish- ment. What books were referred to I cannot say, for I never saw any, except in chapel, during my sojourn in the prison. There was a dietary sale hanging up by the side of the ward door, and a glance at this convinced me that the turtle- loving civic authorities had framed it in a sympathetic spirit. I should like to minutely record their generous bill of fare, but my memory is treacherous. I know that the gruel was nice and sweet, that the bread was good, and the meat and potatoes satisfying. The precise quantities I cannot now specify. I only passed one night in the reception ward, and this I spent listening to the narrations of my companions, two of whom were in for passing counterfeit coin, and the other for picking pockets. I must admit, however, that their language for the most part was in- comprehensible to me. The pickpocket de- scribed how he fanned a bloak's kick, and then touched him of a dummy; that the bloak tumbled and gave out the pay; that he made tracks like winken; that the bloak con- tinued to give beefment; that a flat stopped him, and handed him over to a crusher; that he had slung the dummy; that the bloak rapt hard against him, and so he was fullied to the start, and was sure to get seven stretch on account of his formers. The two for the bad money talked about being out of date, smashng half bulls and counters, ringing the changes, &c.; I told them I didn't know the meaning of all their terms, and so, laughing at my greenness, they explained everything to me. I in my turn astonished them with some of my own doings, and they soon de- clared I was no flat after all. In this man- ner passed my first night in Newgate. The next morning, after the medical officer had examined me, I was placed in one of the ordinary day-wards of the prison. The ward, with the exception of being larger, was in all respects the same as the reception-ward. There Madam Melba has changed her mind once again, and says she will not come to Aus- tralia this year. was the fire place, and the painted board with the book notice, the rack sleeping berths, the mats and the rugs. There were also two ta- bles and four forms, which I remember ex- ceedingly well, as the forms were used for draught-boards, and the tables for playing at shove-half-penny, buttons being used instead of halfpence. There were not more than fifteen prisoners in the ward, and when I en- tered, eight of these were employed at a well- known prison game called "coddem." As I was well-dressed and differed a good deal in appearance from the general inmates of the place, attention was immediately directed to- wards me. I can bear testimony both to the zeal and skill of some of my companions, for before I had been in the ward an hour my silk handkerchief, which I afterwards ascertained was a "belcher," had changed ownership, having been adroitly filched from my pocket by some light-fingered artist in the "dipping" line of the profession. I made a virtue of necessity, and bore the loss good-humoredly, and as I could tell a good story, I soon became quite a favourite with my companions. My prison acquaintances were by no means limited to those confined in the same ward with me, for when we were out in the airing-yard, which we were half the day, the inmates of three or four yards were together. I don't pretend that my virtue was much alarmed at the scenes I daily moved among; but I certainly was as- tonished that proceedings such as I witnessed hour after hour should be allowed in a pri- son. Publicly in the airing-yards lessons in crime were zealously taught on the mutual instruction principle. The burglar sketched upon the prison pavement the instruments of his trade, and, with fluent tongue, explained the various uses. The shop-lifter explained the various methods by which his branch of the profession might be profitably pursued. The pickpocket was more apt in deed than in word, and gave practical instructions in "buzzing." In short I have no hesitation in saying that the zeal of the professors in this college was so untiring, the methods of in- struction so varied and so apt, the knowledge imparted so extended, that any person with ordinary intellect would, after a term or two, be qualified for a degree. Two prisoners specially devoted themselves to me. One was a young man not much over twenty, good-looking, tolerably well dressed, but altogether without education, understanding the word merely in its scholastic sense. He was one of the most expert pickpockets in London, and was known as "Sullivan the Wire." The other was a middle-aged man; had been three times transported, and boasted of it; knew every cant term of the prison, and could do something in all the branches of prigism; was a shrewd man of the world with a fair amount of intelligence; was a clever sophist in attempting to justify crime; carried on business in London as a "fence"; was awaiting trial for receiving stolen property, but, for want of sufficient evidence, was sure to be acquitted. These two companions were apt teachers, the one giving practical lessons, and the other en- forcing with a dangerous plausibility his favorite theories. Many an hour Sullivan busied himself with an earnestness worthy of a better cause in instructing me how to pickpockets. He was an adept at the busi- ness himself, and by constant practice I soon became as expert as he was. I have never exercised my skill for my own profit in the world except on one occasion, when, having had my pocket book taken from me on the Melbourne racecourse by one of a party of three, I followed them into a drinking booth, and in ten minutes had recovered my property and emptied their pockets into the bargain, a regular "diamond-cut- diamond" affair. My other Newgate companion— Johnson the fence—was, in his teachings, of a far more dangerous character. In favor of crime he advanced the same sort of argu- ment that had occurred to myself. But there was this difference between us, however cun- ningly I might entangle myself in my own sop- hisms, I was never completely deceived by them, but always had an innate conviction of their falsity. With Johnson it was other- wise. His mind was so utterly warped that he believed as he argued, and had no vision of the truth which lay beyond his own per- nicious doctrines. Faith, either in the false or the true, begets earnestness; and thus Johnson was a most earnest teacher, and, as a result, made many proselytes. His argu- ments on myself were thrown away, for I have never confounded vice with virtue, or attempted to justify to myself the evil I have committed. Johnson's knowledge of cant I largely availed myself of, and if I am now an authority in technical terms it is owing to his teachings. I composed several flash songs for the great master linguist, to be sung in the prison yard, but I now turn from them myself with loathing, and cannot suppose that the reader would do otherwise. These com- positions were more curious than edifying. It was thus that I passed the time in New- gate. But what could be expected? The activities of the mind will employ themselves, and in the absence of everything good they are sure to occupy themselves with evil. With no books, no occupation of any kind, it is not much to be wondered at that I and my fellow-prisoners discussed crime in all its ramifications, and were daily fitting ourselves for still more guilty deeds on our return to the world than those for which we were then awaiting our doom. There was no attempt at classification, and as for some reason or the other the men were frequently changed from ward to ward, by the time the sessions commenced I had made the acquaintance of nearly every committed pri- soner in the gaol. I thus had the criminal character before me in a variety of its phases; and, young as I was, and quite as criminal as any there, I analysed it with a kind of philo- sophical interest. Among the rankest weeds there were still flowers struggling for exist- ence—in the natures the most depraved re- deeming traits were to be found. Most of the crime around me was of prison growth, and the fountain-heads whence flowed all its streams were ignorance and poverty. \------♦♦♦------ CHAPTER XV. PRISON LIFE. The first week I was in Newgate a boy not more than ten years of age was placed in my ward. He was crying bitterly when he entered the ward; and as nearly all the other prisoners laughed at what they termed his snivelling. I attempted to soothe him, and inquired the cause of his tears. The little fellow told me he had been employed as an errand boy at some military tailor's shop, and that one of the men had given him a couple of epaulettes to take to some place. As he was on the point of leaving the shop, the foreman saw him with the articles, and asked what he was going to do with them. He told him they had been given to him to take out for one the men; but when the man was referred to, he denied the state- ment of the boy, and swore he knew nothing about, them. It seems the man had worked a long time in the shop, and his charac- ter was good, the boy was disbelieved, given into custody, and committed for trial! I was quite convinced of the boy's innocence, but the jury arrived at a dif- ferent conclusion; and the poor little fel- low was sentenced to be imprisoned in Newgate for three months, and to be twice whipped. Ten years afterwards a brutal murder was committed by two young men near Sawpit Gully, in this Colony. Both were condemned and sentenced to be executed. The name of one was Roach. I was then a prison-clerk-in the Melbourne Gaol, and I was in the habit of sitting up with those who were gallows-doomed dur- ing the last few nights of their sojourn upon earth. Thus, I sat up with Roach. The last night he wrote a letter to Eng- land to his father, which he handed me to read. it was a long, sad letter, but the saddest passage it contained was this:—"I am guilty, very, guilty, now dear father, and in a few hours I shall be dead; but indeed, when I was flogged and imprisoned in Newgate for stealing the epaulettes, I was innocent and good. You will believe me now, for God will judge me soon, and I would not tell a lie in my last moments." On reading this pas- sage it flashed upon me directly that Roach was the same little boy (and yet how different!) whom I had comforted with kind words in Newgate ward, and I was right. When I mentioned the cir- cumstance to him with an intensity of mental vision that I have on other such occasions found to be possessed by those who stand on the verge of the grave, he looked back upon the far off past and re- called at once the minutest particulars of our first meeting. I might, by way of episode, give his story, but I have heard so many like it, that to me it seems too common-place to narrate at length. It may be condensed into half-a-dozen lines. In Newgate he was familiarised with crime, contracted a prison-intimacy with one older than him- In N.Z., prolonged drought to various parts is seriously affecting the crops especi- ally at Canterbury. self, was met by him outside the prison, for crime was shortly after arrested again, was in the course of a few months trans- ported, had suffered a good deal of punish- ment in Van Diemens's Land, and com- pletely hardened in heart, had finally com- mitted murder. Some time during the first week of my confinement I was sent for by the chaplain, and interrogated with refer- ence to my previous history. My inter- view was a very long one, for, as he told me I could speak to him in all confidence, I related to him my whole history. At first he scarcely believed me, but after a pretty keen cross- examination I succeeded in convincing him that my narration was perfectly true. He addressed me in very kind words, and appeared, by his manner, to be really sorry for me. I could not avoid mentioning to him the fact of there being no books in any of the wards, and he said that the prisoners had destroyed them so frequently that the prison author- ities seemed to think it useless to supply any more. He stated, however, that he would make a demand for some entertain- ing books, and recommend that they should be issued to prisoners, personally, and not placed in the wards as hereto- fore, a method which would lead to individ- ual responsibility, and thus cause the books to be more carefully used. On the following day he again sent for me, and lent me from his own private library, a couple of volumes—Reid on the Mind and Cowper's poems. These books were a source of never-failing enjoyment to me, and I used to think then when so little could make one happy, how foolish it was to commit sin by wholesale, in the vain pursuit of happiness. During my stay in Newgate the chaplain sent for me, from time to time, and was always ready with a fresh book when I solicited the favor. The Rev. Mr. Davis, the then Ordinary of Newgate, was without doubt a true servant of his Heavenly Master, and I now record with grateful remembrance the Christian kind- ness which he extended to me. Surrounded as he was by the worst elements of human nature, he had faith in God's power to re- deem. He dealt largely in gentleness, knowing that "The rugged rock oft holds within its bosom, Deep hidden, a fount of sweet and living waters, That needs but the soft power of some sweet influence To call it gushing forth." It was in Newgate that had I had noticed the ceaseless craving which exists among prisoners for tobacco. It is in the gaol what money is in the world. Only pos- sess tobacco, and you can command the services of those around you in any way you may wish. For a couple of chews of tobacco I have frequently known a man to part with nearly the whole of his day's food. Of course it was in Newgate a pro- hibited article; but somehow, despite the vigilance of turnkeys, it used to penetrate even to the very condemned cells. It was no unusual thing to see a man cutting off the large buttons off his coat, which in reality were round pieces of the narcotic weed neatly covered. I have known worshippers of the mighty nicotine principle sacrifice their last shirt in testimony of their own great devotion. Everything was appraised by a tobacco standard of value. "Bill's tog," "one would say," is worth three cosh of stuff." A third would be making anxious inquiries for some one to give him "three- parts of a cosh for his satin Benjamin." A kosh or cosh (the orthography is uncertain) of stuff is, in plain words, a fig or plug of tobacco. I remember one day, when to- bacco was an exceedingly scarce commodity, I was laughing at the woeful looking visages of those around me, who, unable to obtain the least particle of the coveted weed, had very much the appearance of men who were going to be hanged. They were all so ill-tempered there was no get- ting even a civil word from any of them, and even the ordinary professional avoca- tions seemed to be at a standstill. The old lag was down on his luck, and hadn't a word to say. The housebreaking artist no longer sketched his illustrations upon the yard pavement; and young Sullivan was so terribly out of temper that he re- fused to give me my daily lesson in the dipping line. To put them all in good humor I managed to obtain a pencil and a bit of a white calico shirt, and I com- posed "A cross chap's address to his mate in a time of great tobacco scarcity." The lines were rubbish, which I should be ashamed to repeat, but I did not think so at the time. Having improvised, the rhyming appeal to the charitable, I stuck it up in the yard, and it attracted the attention of the turnkey. But the idiot had no soul for humor, and he introduced both me and my verse to the governor, and I was locked up for three days. TO BE CONTINUED The individual or firm who attempts to do everything seldom succeeds in doing any- thing well. Life is not long enough to exhaust even one branch of science, art, or industry. When one needs anything out of his line of business, it is far better to make to the purchase of an experienced and trust- worthy neighbor than to undertake to learn another branch of business, with all its cost of experience. The concern which undertakes to make all the money, to get along without making any purchases of others, and to mono- polise all the avenues for profit, generally gets left in the race for wealth. Peeping at the Shah's Wives.—When the wives of the Shah of Persia drive along the streets, men go ahead to clear the way and warn all persons to conceal themselves. If a man has no chance of getting away he turns his face around and does not look, on pain of being roughly handed, or, perhaps,. killed on the spot. In June of last year, owing to the intense heat, I was compelled to move my family out of the city. On my way to the country I met a large force of soldiers escorting the Shah's wives. If a Persian had a chance to glance at the royal ladies in such circumstance he would have fared hard, but the foreign legations have rights and privileges of their own, so I stood my ground. Some twenty of the mounted guards violently attacked us and beat my servants and their horses in the effort to drive them back. I directed them to stand their ground, and things were looking serious, when one of the queens; who recognized the servant of my legation by their badges, sent her chief eunuch to call the soldiers away. We were then allowed to pass without further molestation. The attack was an in- sult to the dignity of the legation too great if to be overlooked, and I wrote a note to the minister of foreign affairs demanding satis- faction immediately. The reply to my note to the being tardy and evasive, I felt it my duty to inform the minister of foreign affairs that unless my terms were granted in thirty-six hours I should haul down the flag and de- mand my passport. The result justified my action. Without going into details, I may say that not only was the most ample satis- faction rendered us within thirty-six hours, but my course received the approval of the entire diplomatic corps and added to the high presige awarded to foreign legations at the court at Persia. Old-Time Beds.—Two hundred years and more ago, the beds in England were bags filled with straw or leaves, but not uphol- tered or squared with modern neatness. The bed could be opened and the litter remade daily. There were a few bed-rooms in the houses of ancient England. The master and mistress of the Anglo-Saxon house had a chamber or shed built against the wall that enclosed the mansion and his dependencies; the daughters had the same. Young men and guests slept in the great hall, which was the only noticeable room in the house, on tables or benches. Woollen coverlids were provided for warmth; poles or hooks on which they could hang their clothes projected from the wall; perches were provided for their hawks. Attendants and servants slept upon the floor. Viennas.—Mix in a deep dish some whites of eggs, beaten to a froth, half a pound of sifted flour, one pound of powdered sugar, a large pinch of crisped orange flowers, reduced to a power or a little orange flower water, a piece of butter the size of a walnut, a little salt and a few spoonfuls of almond paste— almonds blanched and pounded to a paste, which put into a funnel and let it drop on a buttered baking-tin; as the paste falls from the funnel out into button shaped pieces with a knife dipped in white of egg; bake them in a gentle over and glaze them with the yolk of egg. These can be used in the place of macaroons. In Melbourne trade generally is quiet, not much activity being experienced in the demand for consumption. 