THE SERMON. AUSTRALIA: ITS PRIVILEGES AND RESPONSIBILITIES. A SERMON BY REV. E. I. WATKIN, D.D. Psalm cxlvii, 20—"He hath not dealt so with any any nation." How true were these words in their original reference to the Jewish people. They were the elect people of Jehovah; placed by Him in the Holy Land, fenced off from other nations by social and religious peculiarities. If the question be asked, What advantage had the Jew? the ready reply is, in the words of Paul, "Much every -way, chiefly ^because that unto them were committed the oracles of God." Possessed of those oracles the Jew, like his forefathers in Goshen, had light j in his dwelling while the rest of the world | was(in moral darkness. The Hebrew child, acquainted with the first sentence in the Old Testament, knew more than the greatest sages either of the Oriental or the j Western nations. While the Hindoo I worshipped monster-like idols, while the Persian bowed the knee to the sun, while the Greek and the Roman, in temples which" the architect, the painter, the sculptor had done their utmost to beautify, worshipped gods to which the vilest human passions were attributed; while the ancient Briton, with sanguinary rites, worshipped Thor and Woden; "In Judah God was known, His name wa6 great in Israel"— Psalm Ixxvi. 1. We should never forget that to Jews we owe the grandest religious literature the world possesses. Abraham, Moses, Samuel, Isaiah, Daniel, Paul were Jews. Christians should never forget that Jesus was a Jew! "Israelites, to whom pertaineth the adop tion and the glory, and the covenants, and the giving of the law, and the service of God, and the promises, whose are the Fathers, and of whom as concerning the! flesh Christ came who i> -p"ver all, GodJ blessed for ever. Ameff^,'*—'Rpffl a ns ix. 4 and 5. f y" If the words of tlfe^text are true in reference to the privilege^,.witflY^fidph Jewish people were Vtfvoured, Uie.V are equally true in relatioik. tb their history since the destruction of x" Jerusalem and their dispersion among the nations. Since then they have been scattered among all nations and "yet have remained a separate people, terribly oppressed and persecuted, ever bruised, but never broken. God hath not dealt so with "any nation. All the predicitions in reference to the Jews have not yet been fulfilled. Paul was a true patriot. Although pre eminently the Apostle of the Gentiles, he never forgot-that he was a Jew. Vtitli what pious and patriotic pride he asked and answered tjiese questions—"Are they Hebrews? so am I. Are they Israelites? j so am I. Are they the seed of Abraham? I so am I."—-2 Cor. xi. 22. His heart was j grieved when be thought of bis people's "blindness of vision and hardness of heart. But his heart leaped for joy when he thought how God had not cast away his people. The blindness of their minds caused by the veil upon their hearts when I they read Moses is to be removed, for "blindness in part is happened to Israel, until the fulness of the Gentiles he come in, and so all Israel shall be saved."' Romans xi. 25, 26. And when that period shall have arrived in the world's history referred to in the apocalvpse, when time shall be no longer, when the end 6liall have come, and Christ | shall have delivered up Hie kingdom to God, even the Father, when not only the! past, but also flie future of the Jewish nation is fully known, it will be said, with adoring admiration-—"He hafh not dealt 60 with any nation." The words of the text are true in reference to the great nation with which it is our pride and privi lege to be connected. The British Empire is the greatest the _ world has ever seen. The greatest empires of an tiquity were limited in their geographical extent and population when compared with ours. The empires of Xerxes, of Alexander the Great, of Augustus Cmsar, of Charle magne, of Ferdinand and Isabella, wore not to be compared to the empire over which Victoria reigns. When the United King dom and her dependencies in the days of Queen Elizabeth are contrasted with the empire of to-day, is there not reason for the Briton to say—" He hath not dealt so with any nation." " ! But we use the text.in a yet more re stricted way. Its word6 <irc emphatically true in reference to the young nation that is being built- up in these Australian colonies. Let us seek to trace the hand of God in our national history. OUR NATIONAL PRIVILEGES. Is it not a remarkable fact in Hie his tory of the world that Australia should have been left for the EnglisKspeaking people? Australia was not first discovered by British mariners. It is contended by some that it was known to the Spaniards in the fifteenth century. It was dis covered and named' bv the Dutch in the sixteenth century. Its old name was "New Holland." ., That the aboriginal Australians knew of the'Existence of gold is-proved by the fact that in their dialects there were words for gold. Had they only had the wit to uti lise gold for adornments, as the natives of the West Indies , did, and had the early Dutch navigators seen among them golden ornaments, Australia might have been New Holland still; orrit might have been, like Cape Colony, a'Diitch before it became a British possession. Look at another fact. Early, in the seventeenth century a Spanish expedition left a port in AnipPick," and 'eailed over the Pacific,.seeking,tbc,great south land which navigators-believed to exist. When the leader fell in-Avitb a mountainous land he thought he had found, the object of his search* and .gave ittlie name of Australia del, Espiritu $ahto—the Australia of the Holy Ghost. It is How known as the Island of Espiritu Santo. His second in con\mtmd. (Torres), \through some unex plained cause, separated from' his com V- J 1L. All/, eUia fls wl fromNew^Gjuinca. Hosit Australia's most northerly point, and mis took it for. an island. Iiaa-lie steered his shin -a -few--degrees to the southward, end sighted the rich": tropical vegetation of l^tefn^U^aaiid, .Australia might ^^ .bfeqpj^iQBiBeSd ■%pSpaih, and ..hadaus wretched a history as the Spanish posses sions in the West Indies and America. But in God's providence the land was left for the British race. - It ought not to be forgotten, too, that the whole of the land belongs to the one nation. Europe and Asia'are divided among manir nations. North America is possessed by Britain, the United, States, and Mexico. Africa is be ing parcelled out among European nations. In India, which we call part of our em pire, the Portuguese still possess Goa, the French Pondicherry, and it is only little more than half a century since the Danes owned Serampore The great island to the north of us. New Guinea, is divided between the Germans, Dutch, and British. But Australia is one land, and over every part of it, the British claim undisputed possession. Then consider what a goodly land our God has given to us. Not a land rich in its natural productions, but a country so varied in its climate and soil that the ani mals and vegetables of the world can be acclimatised here. A land without the bitter winter of the mother-land or the Dominion of Canada; without the enervat ing heat of India; without the hurricanes which sometimes devastate Fiji or Jamaica. A land which does not possess a magnifi cent river system like North America; but yet a country fitted to develop a. self-reliant pepple. A land to which there come sea sons .of drought; but in which the rainfall in^years of wet can be easily stored for yeats of drought. Let the rainfall be but conserved ana used for irrigation, then, even in years of drought, "the pastures will be clothed with flocks and the valleys will simile, with the corn." I It is a land in which God has stored the coal, and iron, and silver, and copper, and gold. Let Australians but consider the facts we have referred to in our national history; let them look at the capabilities of the land in which they live, and with the Hebrew psalmist they will sing—"The lines are fallen unto us in pleasant places. We have a goodly heritage. POLITICAL PRIVILEGES. No nation has commenced its career under such favourable circumstances as we have. True, there was nothing very im posing about that group of soldiers, sailors, and exiles who stood on January 26, 1788, by the side of the silver stream which ran ( into Sydney Cove, and watched the hoist ing of the British ensign, and listened to the^roclamation which declared that New South Wales was a British colony. Yet ift was the founding of a nation. Aus tralia! became a British .colony after. the battjfe for civil and religious liberty had I bepn fought and won in the .mother-land. We who are. native-born ought never to forget how much we owe to the land of Wiekliffe and Cromwell, Milton and Shakespeare, Pitt and Gladstone, Well ington and Nelson, Knox and Wesley. Shortly before the Children of Israel en tered the land of Canaan Moses told them that they were to have given them "great and goodly cities which they filled not, and wells digged which they digged not, vine yards and olive trees which they planted not."—Deut. vi. 10-11. Might not those , words be quoted in reference to the politi cal privileges which the Australian-born en joy. If we have a free press,-an open Bible, representative political institutions, and religious liberty, we are indebted for them to the Puritans, the Covenanters, the men who died at the stake or perished at I the scaffold for conscience sake; the men! who fought against tyranny on battlefields J like Mai's ton Moor and the Boyne. That j Australian is altogether unworthy of his j name who for a moment forgets his in debtedness to the matyrs and patriots of j the fatherland. "These were our stalwart foresires, The brave and heroie-souled, Who planted our freedom with their life's blood In the martyr-days of old." Our fathers came from that land of j which Elihu Burritt said that it was God's laboratory, in which He had placed diverse national elements, and out of these had manufactured the English- speaking race, the race to which had been entrusted the' task of colonising the waste places of the j earth. In considering our political privi leges, we should not forget that the British empire had received a salutary but sad lesson in colonial government prior to the beginning of our history. She had lost the United States. We in Australia have had more of liberty from the beginning be ! cause of the lessons which British politi j cians then learned. Time does not permit I of reference being made to the hand of j God as seen in our history prior to the I gold discovery. But when the magnetic I influence of gold attracted to Australia men of all nationalities and creeds, when thousands of immigrants landed on our shores every week, what a blessing it was to the lancf tliat there came among them so many 6trong men and women in physi que, in intellect, and moral character, who brought with them from the old land their love of the Sabbath, their. reyeren'ce for the sanctuary, their respect for. the grey head,, their sympathy with the suffering. These have been "the salt of the earth. Let the facts which have been mentioned be remembered by Australians. Oh! if there be a people who ought to be grateful ! to the Most High, we are that people. As j Australians we ought often to use the words of Rudyard Kipling's recessional ] hymn, and sing— " Lord God of bosts, be with us yet, Lost we forget! lest we forget!" NATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES. Sprung from such an ancestry, inheriting such political privileges, .with such a land . given us by God, commencing our history j with no heritage of slavery like that with | which the United States was cursed, we ought to write the grandest history which the world has ever Known. We can only j do this by remembering the truth written I in capital letters on the pages of universal i history—"Righteousness . exalteth a na tion."— Prov. xiv. 34. L Nations like individuals have -their pro bations. They rise, .they flourish; God. ' gives thepi opportunities, for • serving ;liu-, , manity, and it tliey"use their powers to-bp-, press. natipnaLklfi sooner.'or later- is fol lowed by national pjjpisbni'ent. If a nation sows the wjhd, .it" reapfe the whirlwind. God does ftofc«ettle hismccofints with na ■ tions evgfy .generation, but lie does reckon with them. . - ' ■ "The mills of GwJ grpid slowly, But" they Trrind exceeding small, Though-' He stah'ds apd waits with patience," With .exactness grjhjfa He alL" - God in His dealings nations comes ,with" leadeh- f^^i But tvithironliand8.Look.at ilmnRth^Sof «n . tiquity-—the - Egyptian, tjie . Pepfiian^/Hie ;Greek, fcbe Roman j.Hfcyhave to be tlie great powers of the world because oE their wantmRighteousness. The Egyptian knew How to build-and manufacture. ~The .Greek came froin'the land wheftliberty set up. her .mountain home, <the laudpf heroes, und ^rtitts, of poets and -pnlloto Ebers; the land of Solon and Lycurgus, of ieonidae and Socrates. The Roman_ knew. !how to conquer and govern, and his em* pire reached from the ice-girt Baltic to the sands of the Sahara, from the Pillars of Hercules to India. The Arab had fiery valour and carried the green standard of the prophet on its path of conquest,in Africa and Europe. But Egyptian ana Greek, Koinan and Arab, have ceased .to he dominant nations because they lacked righteousness. Britain has her time of pro bation; should she forget God and use her power selfishly, to tyrannise over instead of protect subject nations, then her sua will set, and the time will come when foreigners from other lauds, may find on the site of London a ruined city, and medi tate there on the decline and fall of na tions. _ - | We in Australia shall have our national probation. If we fail to recognise God, if p we take Hisgiftsand forget the Giver, if we ; break His Sabbaths, if we make the sporting j newspaper our Bible, and worship muscle as a divinity, whether on the cricket field, the football ground, or the racecourse, then God will have to use the "rod of His anger." Is He riot using it? What a change has come over Australia during the past few years. When the late Rev. Dr. Dale returned to England after his visit to these lands, he spqke of Australia as being the parad'se of the working man. Is it that fo-day? Is there not complain ing in our streets? Want of employment' for all classes in the community? Has God nothing to do with us? "Shall there be evil in a city, and the Lord hath not done it?"—Amos. iii. 6. Calamity came ta Job through Sabeans and Chaldeans* thunderbolt and hurricane. But Job looked beyond the marauding Chaldean and Sabean, beyond the forces of nature, and saw God in all, and said, "The Lord gave and the Lord hath taken away, blessed be the name of the Lord." We need to see God's hand in financial disaster and drought and failing harvests in Aus tralia. National righteousness depends upon in dividual righteousness. The nation is made up of units. Are our lives making for righteousness? Are you on the side of Christ? You ought to be. Gratitude to Christ, who died Tor you on the cross, and pleads for you on the throne, demands that you should be on his side. Self interest demands that you should be on the Lord's side, for without Christ life must be a failure and death a defeat. Patriotism demands it. You will only truly fulfil your duty to this land, the land of the adoption of some of you, of the birth of many of you, by being on the side of Christ. I appeal to the patriotism of the native born Australians. The old colonists are passing away; the men who laid the foundation of our towns and cities and churches, of cur commerce and philan thropic institutions, are becoming few. That generation is passing away. Shall not we, who are native-born, resolve that, by the help of God, we will seek to build up a great and permanent nation under the Southern Cross? We shall only do this just in proportion as we recognise God's commandments. It is as true of this nation as it is of the individual that "The fear of the Lord is wisdom." "A good-, understanding have all they that keep His commandments." Reference has been made to the fact that the name of Australia was first given to the island near New Caledonia, now called Espiritu Santo, but the original name of which u as the Australia of the Holy Ghost. The first explorer of part of Vic toria was Major Mitchell, who left Sydney, in 1836, and crossing the Murray found his m ay through the magnificent Western dis trich of Victoria, struck the sea at Henty's settlement at Portland, then returning, passed the Pyrenees, Mount Alexander, and Mount Macedon: and turning home wards when near Hobson's Bay, he re turned to Sydney. He wrote a glowing description of the land he had explored, and gave to it its earliest name of Aus tralia Felix, or Australia the Hanpv. We shall only make Australia as a whole Aus tralia the Happy just in proportion as it becomes the Australia of the Holy Ghost. If God is recognised in our political, social, family, and individual life, if His Sabbaths are kept, His word read, His commandments obeyed, then God, even our own God, will bless us, and the older nations of the world looking at Australia will sav,"He hath not dealt so with any nation.1' "Surely this great nation is a wise and understanding people."—Deut iv. C. 