/ ; LOCAL NEWS. MivC. A. Bowrinsy, pianoforte tuner, etc. who has for so many years past attended *to the requirements of tbe residents, will be visiting Camden about tbe 14th of this month on bis usual professional tour. The business of coachbuilders, blacksmiths etc.,:iformerly carried on by Messrs. Smith Btvos;, Argyle-street, Camden, has been: dissolved by mutual consent. The business will in future be carried on alone by Mr. A. Smith. Our Werombi correspondent writes - that scarlet fever is prevalent io the district but not of a malignant type, his youngest; . ' daughter is ill with this disease, but is now recovering. A younger son of Mr. E. J. Dengate, ofthe Razorback range, met with a nas'ty : accident a few days since. Tbe little one, : who is only some 7- years of age, was playing ?with a chaff cutting machine, with the result I that one of his fingers was severed. Mr. F. It. Cowper, solicitor, can bp con sulted professionally at his Camden Office every Saturday.5* It is proposed to form a Progress Committee for The Oaks district. A preliminary meeting for that pnrpose is called for Wednesday next the 13th inst. Alt the monthly meeting of the board of management of the Thirlmere Home for Consumptives, the hon. treasurer reported that the sum of £: 237 had already been received as a result of the generous publicity given by the newspapers to the financial difficulties of the home, and that , the money now in hand would keep the home open for about five months. Very little, if any, interest is taken in the Federation Question in Camden. Our local politicians are very quiet on the subject. Colonel Lassetter has resigned his com mand of the N.S.W. Mounted Rifles. Colonel Lassetter states the reason he resigns was because he was superseded ia tHe'connnand of the brigade by an officer of another arm of the service who was his ?juuior as lieutenant- colonel in the. New South Wales forces, and further stated he leaves the service with great regret | he had taken very considerable interest in the regiment, which was raised nine years ago. Major ' Macarthur-Onslow is to take the vacant command. Our Werombi correspondent writes 4 that pretending ghosts make a nightly visit to the district, frightning cattle and horses. A few residents are talking of making a public exhibition of these pretenders who are well known. A word to the wise is enough. . ; ? A very large sale is announced for Tuesday next at Mr; Inglis's Camden stock 'sales. Detai's in advertisement. If your hands fester, and get covered 'with sores when the skin is knocked off ?use Bayley's Carbolized Eucalyptus Ointment ; it heals like magic.* ! Bayley's White Rose Tooth Powder prepared from the receipt of a celebrated dentist and guaranteed to contain nothing .injurious to the teeth, it prevents decay, (and being delicately perfumed, imparts fragrance to the breath, Boxes Is each* . , The Oaks C. C, meet a team from Sydney 'on The Oaks wicket on Good, Friday and 'will be represented by the following: 'D$vitt 2, Egan, Farley, Littlewood, 'McDonald, Moore 2, M Dunn, Jones and . Taylor, emergencies Clark, McNevin and Gaudry. . - On Easter Monday The Oaks team will try conclusions with the Camden club on , the latters wicket, play to commence at 10.30 a.m. Mr. R. H. Inglis, of Camden, and Picton, \- held another exceptionally good sale at his monthly Picton stock sales on Saturday last: These sales now command,, not only large attendances, but consequently good ? prifces and are eagerly looked forward to t . as. the following quotations will illustrate : — Springing heifers £9 15s to £5 5s Springing cow* £3 12s6d to £7 15s ' Dairy heifers lOsto £1 17s 6d Fat cows £2 16s to £3 12s Fat bullocks £2 10s to £4 10b . Store bullocks £1 18s to £2 19s .« , Store cows £1 6a to £1 17. 