fEDEEATION. HON. EDMUND BA.RTON ON TOUR. PBOGRESS OF THE HOVE MENT. Hod. Edmund Barton, Q.C., M.L.C., is now on an extended tour and delivering addresses at various centra tbrongbont the BOUth-weslern nn western pattB of the colony. He left Sydney on Sunday night on a journey to Hay. On the way up he addressed -n large number of electors at Nwandera. for half an liour. The train remains at AMiranueja lur sumuuu^ |iui|judco for half an hour, and the local Federal League, which is a most enthusiastic body, bad erec'edasinall platform just outside the railway awtion, Mid from this Mr Barton acHr&iBed; Um assemblage in terms reported in our Tuesday'Biissue. Mr Barton addressed a very large gather ing ol electore-and others at Bay on Monday night, and ty- that style of ioCiiive argument peculiarly his own completely routed Mr Ashton's ' its ' and ' supposes.' On the return journey bB spoke duriug tbe time the train wai standing— 12 minutes— at Csratbool arid 20 minutes at Wiiitton. Ateach of these places he left an impression decidedly in favor ol federation. He delivered aeecond address at Uarandera on Tuesday, in which be dealt with the financial aspect of feder ation. TbB«nbject, he said, was ona upon which all BOrtB el ghost stories and Janciee bad 'arisen from the diseased imaginations of the opponents ol the bill. Tbe establishment of federation would do away with the border tariSs, which he was sure fell would agree would'be the greatest benefit of federation. Ha Tiptated -hiB severe criticism of Mr Coghlan'sH!edera.l finance estimates, which to his view,vw6iild not meet with the approval of tidy 'oo'mmoH-senee man, as they were made in a most irrational manner. ' Tbe whole lhing,'he aid; 'Vis a spider's web spun in Mr CogblaD's prolific brain.' With regard to tbe surpluses, be thought that if New South Wales, under federal tariff, received back more ihan she actually needed, she could set about wining olT her indebtedness year by yasr. Tbe Federal Parliament web not bound to raise such a high tariff an woold ensure a return to the States on such atiasie as would avert a deficiency, but it such a deficiency did occur, the State cuuld impose alow scale of direct taxation, which would make it up. Mr Barton's remarks were received with the greatest enthusiasm, and at tbe conctoBion cheers were given for federation sad for the leader of the Federal Campaign. 