THE GREAT EMERALD; Or, THE TENANT OF HILL HOUSE, i . " . PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. By Edmund Downey (" F. M. Alien"), Author of "Behind the Door," "A House of Tears," "Through Green Glasses," &c.; : i;.: ' < \-- - —COPYRIGHT CHAPTER VI — Continued.) ' "You astonish me, P am not good ut rldi dies." - -, "Neither am I. — You-' are an artist, Mr. . Thompson?""---' ' — v , . "1 try to be.'h > "A painter In oils?" "No." i- ;! . v. ; ' In watercolnurs?" , . \- iNui exactly. . "iln. distemper? -' .. . "Eh!" The urtlst glanced suspiciously at his companion; "There are- only three . kinds of artists known to- me," said O'Gorman, "and these but by hearsay.- My knowledge of art and its professors Is I am sorry- to sny most detec tive." But why -should we .cross-examine each other about each other's, callings. We all get so wrapped upi In joiii' -particular profes sions or btislriesses th<it we ought . to be glad , to find escape from their ti/mmels when we can." =., . VEgadl 'I'thlnk you're right.' . "What are you two fellows arguing about?" broke In Macken-na, rising and approaching the pair oil the' lounge. . "We were goihg to drift Into 'talking shop,' " said O'Gorman: "(md Mr. Thompson arid -I lteep shops of such different characters that : a partnership bright end hi our trying to 'sell' : one another!" . , . -. itat a'Diiuiiici' - uneu iuacnuiiutt, . x jiik- ing. shop Ih one -of the most glaring vices of Bohemia. - It Is one against which we are always .making wait" . "Rather a suicidal sort .of light, Joe," said O'Gorman, glancing upwards at his host. ;"How can you say so. my dear Dun? Did- . you hear a word from me to-night that by any effort of your Celtic- Imagination could, be construed into shop?" ' /f ' : "Not a syllable," answered O'Goi'irian, einlliiig. ."'".-.i-" !». "We are -a: nation of shopkeepers," said ' Thompson, recovering his good hum'bur.- "We have n way, tob, of making shopkeepers of all other' nations, with whom we' come into close! connection." ; We' have 'already converted Ma.Ckenna,,lnto a..full .and (complete! English man. His Bhop is never out of his 'mouth. He has lost hia; orlpinal 'nccunt iind adopted , burs; : .Eve"n hl8 shnlls and wills are . by de grees' getting Into'; order." "Heavens!" exclaimed the port.- Potts, Wheeling rburid1 his chair and breaking ; off abruptly , a discussion with. Itulnahaw, "what un , ear. -you .have;:, Thompson! Macltenna's accent Enellsh I You will be discovering next that he -drops- hts 'h's' oi- tliut lie " dr.Inks Scotch whisky for choice;" ' v - "This ;is becoming persorial," said the host'. "I must return to my. friend Kenny, who at any rate will not throw 'stories at the accent of an unfortunate countryman of his." Potts and; -Ralnshaw resumed theli;' con fabulation, They had been arguing as to the meritB of melodrama,, the poet holding It the lowest form of art— If, Indeed, it could be . called art of any ,k|nd; and Ralnshaw, a Philistine, contending that a fine old Adelphl- play was one of . the most glorious, triumphs of the century." Neither disputant felt the , slightest desire to convert his antagonist, and 'having exhausted their stock of argu ments theyv drifted into talk about 'The IVfisn." Ralnshaw warmly, pralBed. a, poem by Potts in the. current: number, a, poem which he nei ther 'understood nor cared to understand. The poet, to .be equal'in generosity .lauded a short - story by Ralnshaw In the current number. A story he; had' carefully abstained from .read- , Ing. --: ; ' ' " " "!>- : . '."By-the-bye." said Ralnshaw,- "aren't you ' going to get out a colIectlori of.yo'ur.verBes?" "I was thinking, of putting- a- little-': volume together," answered Potts- airily. "He' had already received refusals ' of the .- "little volume" from several publishers. 5 . " "There Is; 'no money In ..poetry;", observed R'ainshfiw crossing! Iils7legs'--and twirllflg his thumbsj ' V "Indeed!" said Potts, .lifting his eyebrows. "Of course it depends upon the poetrv," - . "Doubtje'ss," sp.1<J "the poet, who held; no mean opinion of.iiis htuse. arid a vefy.iriean opinion ,bf ' Ralri'sliaw's ; critical faculty, ''though I fancy It Sometltries depends upon the publishers. But we mustn't drag every thing do, wn to the L.S.D. level.'! "Elevate, everything up to It. you mean. Te)l you what, Jemfhle," he added, somewhat abruptly, "Mackenna could plant those poems of yours right "oft with Candy and Co. They're . going In a good deal for that kind of thing, and our chief and young Ca.ndy are as thick as thieves. I'm dericedly hard up. but I have a holy harror-of hawking a book around " "Thtre Is no money. In collections of short stories,' said Potts slyly. "At least so I'm told." ! . 'Then you're told an Idle tale, Jemmle." "Of course, it depends on the stories,' said the poet, slyly again. ' "Exactly," said Ralnshaw, who was a ner vous mam about his own work, and usually felt on the defensive when, his stories hap pened to be the topic of talk.' "I suppose mine are no better and no worse than hundreds of \- < '!< p others, which do .manage to- see"!the 'light. ni- volumes. I think I'll ask Mackenna to-mor row -to act as Intermediary between Candy and Co. and me." ' . . . ' "Hallo!" exclaimed Eckenna,. standing up.. iThat's .tt.kilbck at th,;id5ront door. It must be Harry Blair. ' Thet") no one else tp come. Wa mrist got all the pTAHtlculnrs-nf the stone out"' of lilrn' For Friday-V 'Wasp,' and have a ripping Illustrated article, Including' the ro-' mantle history of the famous emerald of Cawnpore; - We must have a . photograph, or drawing fac-slnrile size of the stone. Thomp son,' you'll do the drawing, three or four I'd 1'ke, Potts will write a Bong, "The Pommel of the Rajah's Sword," op "The Green-eyed Ser pent of the Harem," or something of the kind, and Ralnshaw will do 'The adventures, of Verdant Green,' an autobiography." . - "Mackenna, it will save time if\you choose now — pistols or swords,!! said Ralnshaw; " "Neither, my- hoy. The long bow would bet ter suit your savage breast and at twelve feet, if the supply of arrows:. was unlimited, I think I could . make your, savage breast -look a little like a fully- furnished pincushion In an hour or two. Seriously; my dear Raln shaw, lay- out your, stupendous mind , for writing the 'Romance of the Stone.' " "And what will you .'do voui-self, Mac kenna:?" asked Thompson, who was already , running over In his mind where he could get the Eastern costumes- for his drawings. "I can't say yet. This Is a thing In which the proprietor Is likely to have views. As some oLyou know, diamond and not gold mines are specialities of our paper, and our proprietor may have notions about emeralds too; I; wonder: has Blair brought the 'Mount of Gleaming Verdure' with him?" "What!" cried Thompson; in mock horror. "Bring a jewel worth eleven thousand pounds Into a Bohemian lair like this I Why. the man and the gem would be torn asunder in five minutes, and when all was over there would be. less/left bf us than of the. Kilkenny cats, for we haven't. even tails."' . 5,. "Speak .for yourself," said Ralnshaw with, a lofty gesture arid smile. "Should, things fall out- as Thompson Imagines, I am happy to say I com leave ehough tales behind for all the company." ; "Oh, oh!- Put :hlm .outl!' "cried Thompson, above the derisive laugh which greeted -Itain- slinxv's words; ' "As - Ursa: Major/ said, 'The man ,who would make u puri; :wbrild pick a pocket.', '',; quoted Potts. "So -Ralnshaw. If, Blair brought' the eriierald her's arid couldnft flnd /It; we should know where to, look for 'It.'! "You'll " have to 'give 'ine- a fill- of tobacco, Potts, for that speech,!!; said Ralnshaw; "or stand the racket. . of/an Vaotion at law, and ;I Unow.two. clerks In'the -Royal Courts of Jus tice, and two clerks of .the Royal Courts are, let me teir you,, enough 'to poison the well ot Jqstlcn.". "'If It . was. Blair., who , knocked, what on earth can'be keeping him?/ You won't mind; my running down to see V", said Mackenna, as he left the room. ' "As If Joe doesn't- know It's a who, not, a what, that's -keeping him!" said Thompson, In melancholy envy. "Ah, men, -.It's a queer promotion to be sent -upi here to' this House . of Lords, while our sovereign lady, of Bohe mia remains below!- If Blair has the great emerald of Cawnpore In his pooket, he has the great pearl of Bohemia In his heart. Ah, well!" and 'with a ,,s!gh and shrug of his shoulders the artist dropped Into the cur rent of talk. ' Meanwhile Mackenna, had reached the foot of the stairs and found Kitty and Harry. Blair in the little drawing-room. "And last. hut . not least, Mr. Harry Blair." said Mackenng, 'shaking the young man .by the hand. "tYhat kept you bo late? All Ihe fellows are upstairs.' , "j've been in Manchester, and got back only an hour ago, Your invitation for-fo- night was Waiting for me. They didn't send It on. So I couldn't answer It until this mo ment; arid here I am to say I can't come: - said he. with a laugh. . Young BInIr was about Mackenna's height, more slight In build. His hah- rind sprouting moustaches were light; his eyes blue like his father's, but full of animation, and dancing jcy. His forehead was broad and white -and delicately modelled. A warm healthy glow shone on his cheeks, and coloured his lips. He made a picture of careless, glad, whole some young manhood. To look at his sunny open face was to feel -that meanness or cruel ty could never be -at ease In his presence. "You're here, and here you stay," said Mac kenna, taking him affectionately by the shoulder. "Oh, but lrideed I can't. I have lust been explaining to your sister -that the governor, my mother and Mllley are dining out this evening— dining at H1U House — and I am surp my father expects mi> to stay at home while he Is away. All about- the sale of that emer ald is In the evening papers, the stone Is'nt The Nook, and there Is no one in the house but two women servants. 1 assure you I'm awfully sorry." Mackenna removed his hand from Blair's shoulders, and strode up and down -the little room. "1 am really afraid, Joe," said Kitty se- dutely, "that Mr. Blair had better go 'back."' The Editor of 'The Wasp' stopped - iii' .'his- .walk, rind catching Blair again by the should der, cried briskly. "xes, she. had better go' beck, as .Kitty says. She is always light;" 'Tin sure l wlsn I were wrong now, '. said she; with hospitable discontent. , "Well, Kitty, the best tiring Is for you to.be partly right; ttnu, phi-uy wrung, a-nat cuncu- libit will keep you meek and numbip. cmiugn without breaking your spirit 1 'altogether, ' Mackenna said, .shaking the -same warning finger ;at her which he had shaken', a little while ago at Thoiripson upstairs.; He turned to Blah:. , "Ave are going to devote a good deal; of space in our next : number, of The W,asp' to ine' great Emerald of '-Cawnpore. You. told me some time ago. you have a- du plicate key ol' the- otllce safe., : Haye.ybu a duplicate of the .safe at hoineY" ,- "Oil, yes, I hud the emerald "in-: my hand- half an hour ago." "Very good. Now we are all' dying-. to see' the stone!. Why not go back to The 'Nook as Kitty suggests; arid, as she does not; sug gest, bring -irie stone- here to lot us -all .have a Joolc at it. You will be quite-easy about it, - If/you- have '-It tYlthyou here, and we can put brick slipper -till -you- return." "Capital! Splendid!" cried Kitty. Clapping her perfect little hands, and looking up Into Harry's. eyes out of eyes so biight andi lull of happiness that, for an instant lie: could think of nothing, but the enchanting- creature before him./. , .'/.; "Yiiu would really like tb see the 'stone,: Miss Miickeiina?" .he asked, after, a few : mo ments' pause, In which he seemed to be con sidering the matter, but during which he was, really dazzled and. confused by. the. . lovely vision of Kitty's glowing face. / ."Of iill. things in the world I would prefer, to see your wonderful emerald," she; saltl, . raising her clasped hands towards him.. V" "Very well," said he. "There Is no more' to be said about the matter. I'll 'run horrie arid be back in half an - hour or three-quarter's'."' He turned to Joe; "But you will Tet ;me go when you have rill seen the stone,, for' ; the' governot; will not be later than eleven or 'twelve, and I must be at home before him!" ''v "All right; my dear fellow," said Joe,' Hear- tily. . "You shall go when you like," arid Harry Blair -was. gone. -'r "You can put back supper half an hour' or three-quarters, Kitty?" asked Joe,- passing his hand lightly and affectionately -over! -Iris sister's shining -smooth hair. : : . -V, "Oh, yes— but Joe, on second- -thought, . J think you; ought to. run/after! him, and tell him : \- not :to;cpirie back. ; The danger Is tooigreiit." It prill /hardly be.safe to: carry, so valuable a: gem .. through/a lonely /district like this on a dark night." ;c.-;".FlddJestlcks,'.'. my dear Kitty! The young ,';ii;uri..arid . his prize/ will be- safer in our quiet - '.district i tliariilriHhe/Bank of England,, or. the.; Tower./. You don't fancy thieves hayo- .in- ; "sirired krio-rt- lcdgoithat-a marl 'carries. a-Kent?. I must run up to/the fellows now; "rind ; pre5-, pure them for this pocket -'wonder? -/of the world which ho liad gone to fetch. - When lie conies calLqie. Uoxvn.'i- --b (jy:,/;::/ . . . " . « . ,/> ; , f. .|/V-- v-j-t J'oo. Mackenna was' not called djown that- night. 'An' hour later supptri- xvns served; but" Harry's place remained unoccupied. , "Old Blair,!.' sqid Thompson, with- vgeniat; malignity, . "came home rather early; found, the boy thinking of going, out after nightfall, and whipped him and put him to bed.!'- The men at Olive Lodge that night had. to get back to , town by the - last . trnln. .so the little parfy broke' up some time before. . midnight. . . When they were all gone Mackenna took a heavy stick out of the hall-stand and a cap oil! a peg. "Where are you' going at this hour; Joe?" asked Kitty) who knew ..very, well; and was. full of anxiety "and, alarm, which she did not - care to show. . .. -u- "To see whrit- has /boconie of Blair," said he, gravely, as he welghed his stick In his hand.- / '.'You— you, don't think anything has/hap--, pened?" she risked, a little tremulously. ,s' "Oh, no," >he answered gal!;/ "He, /said he'd come backhand he hasn't kept his word;- and I'm going! to The Nook to break . every bone in his body" — he shook his, stick qt, 'the; dvud blackness beyond the open door, pulled'' hie cap down over his eyes, arid plunged into, the silence and darkness. " ' LUArlLu \ iii- A MiUriluill . marauder. When Joe Mackenna found himself strid ing through the heavy September/might on,; his way to The Nook the smile which he had; summoned up to cheer Kitty faded froth his., face. He liked Blair as well as any -young man he knew, and he suspected. Kitty liked hint better than any. young man she had ever met. He,' was quite sure . Harry was over head and ears In" love ' with Kitty,' 'although ' the/young man; had .sald/no'thlng/direct on the Subject to him. Harry had -. pointedly told him on more than one 'occasion'-, when- they were together nlone that there..would;be a partnership for him 1-n .hls father's -busl--- ness If he married to ,hls father's liking., Hiirry, was" offhand and gay , and Impulsive, no'doubt, but' he was a fellow of line, gene, oris principles; rind would make an excellent' bus- / band: If he got a good wife, and where in bli the' world could any; man find a better wife th'an under the roof of Olive Lodge?, - / Harry's not returning that night, had mude him very uneasy indeed/though he took care to conceal his anxiety. He felt tolerably sure young Blair would never have gone back to The. Nook that- evening for the emerald; Only that -ICltty had shown a stropg desire to .see It., ; Even supposing' old ' Blair -was at The Nook when Harry arrived there -arid for- ' bride the son to take the stone out of the house! Harry would, have come tO' tell' them- of the fact! /His father being- then at 'home ' :no reason would exist for his -not Jeavlrig the house. "Then why didn't he come?" muttered Mac kenna in an angry tone, cutting the dark ! air before him with his stick. , - What made Mackenna so angry was thai he' feared he could only too truly answer, the question If he chose, but he would not choose, - for the answer was too hard to bear before he- was certain. If the young editor, of,. "The- Wasp" were compelle(l to And an answer to Ills own question lie would have said. that no thing, else could bo 'supposed but that. Harry Blair had- met some-mlsadventurei on .'the -Jour ney el-ther .'to or fro between The Nook? and. Olive Lodge. : . / : . / "Of course," he' went /on . thinking, -."if 1 find The Nook shut rip and/all. lights out I: shall Hnow; all is well, -(in'd I. will .come- buck easy 111 mind; perhaps .I/may throw a pebble, at his window and try to get word from hlrn that all Is well,.": . ' - : ;./-r.: He stopped his train of thought arid looked round. .. "How dark It Is." he thought, "sura-' ly- there ought to be more lamps: so near town as. this." : The road by which lie 'went .was bi'oad nnrt almost destitute bf houses. On either side lay grazing bind or the grounds of mansions: far buck and buried In trees. The fields and pleasure grounds were, separated from the road by oak pnlliigs or brick walls, and all the way nt Irregular intervals trees had been. left standing here and there In front of paling. or wall. .... Mackenna gained -the top of the rise, He- had passed the entrance to Hill House a few minutes before. The brick wall on his loft hounded Its grounds. The house Itself- was Invisible from the road, but the top of the tur ret could be dimly seen with Its spectral tele scope. like nn arm of -futile appeal raided, to- Vards'the black Implacable heavens, Mackenna had been walking on the, .- left- hand side of the road. He paused oil the summit of- the- hill, and looked dptvji before,, hint. ... Each side of the road here was bordered, by. eiant trees which still held all their leavos./ The trees' great arms stretched acroBS the' road, and, meeting, cut off the' dull light of a sky overdasf'/ivlth herivy clpuds.- Under the trees the, road; sloped' dbwmtard like an enor mous cavern leading from darkness to deeper darkness still. At the point where the cavern tui-nbd to1 the left, glimmered one shrunken spark , of light, .. ,v !/-.- >< Mackenna.,' shuddered,' tightening his hand on Iris stick, and -thought, "By Jove! what a place for a footpad! .Why the forty ' thieves might be hidden behind the. trees between this c.ncl .tjiat hldbously useless lamp. , It., .was shairieljul of me-To risl: tlia-t boy.;to>earry thou sands of bound's'/ worth through a place like this. I'll keep the middle of the road my self— a fellow Is safpr. there. From behind one of those trees; a, miscreant could pounce on you tvlthout ri sound of warning." He stepped Into ?the middle 'of the road and to'ok.one. .step /"-forward. I-Ie stood still abruptly. A figure had come into, the light ui the, lamp'far below. . i Up '.to this Maukeiiiia -had seen no one In/ hip lonely walk, arid he felt that hlB nerves were.unstruriE;- ; ' /,'/./..' Atari ordinary /time lie would have taken no more notice of- tlie man at- the bottom of this, aisle of-, darkness than If 'the apparition had, been one. of the/ sleeping beeches leaning oi'er the ; path. V But he was not In an' ordi nary .state, rind, strange feafs shook his mind. You are' afraid!" he whispered- to himself scornfully. / ?. - / ' : ' i He .'took /a, ' moment to. consider the taunt, qnd then.Tyhispered slowly, Judlclally, "No';,T am uneasy, but i , am not afraid." : He. Stood with his eyes fixed on the ap-', proaehlng man. . All at once, he gave a 'start, and.'tbolc'a step side C '!>e the foad towards the- 'T!? ; man : at' the bottorii of the"' vault liaii/ bigun to iun , /, "You are afraitl rio\y!" he whisper ed. ,-/- . Ptvused; again;: univilllpg to admit ' the '..Tibb't-unrilng iriah /had ''-.'Increased his.' pace,: any : w, as' approaching / .'up hill . at liis," top' :spvetl.'/,. //:./?- ,.-// ,/ . /' :;///?;/../ " "YeS;,.r am afraid now.' My nerve is gone."! He took ri few swift steps across the road nrid h(d, himself behind the trunk of a tree. , i.Tb d c/i;urinirig - man pressed - tip ward. ; , He came, closet- arid closer. / Mackenna had heard. ms Hght footsteps an instant after he had Hrs't seen him; now he could / hear- his/ heavy bivatKIrig.' As the man mounted: .the . top of tlu.-rhlll he swerved from the left hand Bide to wb.ipli, hitherto he :had kept and took to the: middle of the road. At the summit the trees were, not ..close together, arid just . Opposite Mackerina lay .ri patch dimly illumined from the,, sullen sky. ..... .,' ' As , tlie man passed through this patch It. was .possible for Mackenna. to. catch a, glimpse of, him . without 'risk of being himself seen. Cautiously, Mackenna peeped. Tall and. powerful," thought the young : editor. "It's so dark, I cannot make out any thing about his face or head except that he wears a cap. ' But what can anyone mean by running at such a rate uph'lll a night like this In -a heavy fur coat?" /.Mackenna waited until he knew by the footsteps that the runner tvas out of sight. Then, iivlth a sigh of relief and an "TJgh!" of : impatience at his -cowardice ; he descended ; through ' the .darkness at a swinging pace. : From the- brow of the hill to the bend of the road Mackenna kept on .sturdily. By the tlme;-he took tho turn to tlie left; round . the' i solitary : gas-lamp, he had conquered the , 'qualm: which struck him on the hill, and was ; trying to forget It. . It was not nattering to i'eineritber that he had quailed at the sight of a /mere: man on the road; only a dark and ilcrielyrioad of earth, not a ghostly way of 'evil,: leading to the fell abyss. . : Reaction set in;. -He began to whistle; He .-tpld. himself that' If 'now -a ghost , glided" THi oiigh the hedge on -his rlght-,/and" a Tnur- /dermv red-handed, dropped from the top of .be "paling on the left, .he should riot stop liis whistling, unless he/stopped It to laugh. - I -He; ceased whlstllng; and laglied aloud, re-/ ihearslng- his part in the fancied enc.iuuter. .-'flie ilaugh sounded dry and circumspect. He laughbd more loudly to shew there was no. doubt ribout his courage. The laugh sounded ./forced; unnatural, horrible. ' Shrugging his shbulders at his double failure, he began to ;hum' a'. lively .air, and so kept on ontil he ar rived/at the garden gate of The Neolc. : , . , The;'grite had been found open- by John ,-Blai'r on hif. return from the Hill Housb. , It stood.-open still. .; /'/-.. '. .Mackenna started wh'ori- be riaw . the dark .yawning mouth-pf the. little avenue. ; /-'All Is in.'t righ t ; here." he' thougKt, and Ihurrledi'up: the erav'etled -path. ,.i.. /: ' The Nook was, brilliantly lighted up. This iri'tlmely/illumlrialion. filled him: with' fresh apprehensions. / Since/ the unaccountable sho.-lt. he had received at the sight of the hur rying man. all. uneasiness on the score of Harra/'s safety had been banished from his mind by stronger and' more Immediate fears, rind by '.the. buoyant rush of the subsequent reaction. Now the adventure on tho road was obscured by .a cloud of anxiety as to the: fortunes of Harry. Mackenna hastened round the gable end of the house on his left, arid came into the little sweep -in .front. The door was in the middie, iwlth - two-- windows of the drawing-room on on.e. slde, and two windows of the dining-room on. the /other. As he drew- near It ap prehension rose to alarm; It .was wide open/and the light streaming out through the .porch, : arid glittering upon the moist gravel .of, the path: - He stepped Into the bright patch of, light. In front of the porch and entered tho hall., , . .By. this time Jane, the middle-aged house keeper,;- had recovered consciousness. Mllly was administering restoratives to her In the kitchen, . Mr. and. Mrs. Blair were In the large -square hall; Blair, a picture of Impotence and idespalr, slttlrig .an the chair which Jane had lOt- cupled., a ' few minutes before. His wife stood by him with one hand on his shoulder, irind the other on her face, a pathetic figure of /sympathy and grief. / She, was thinking, "Oh, my poor husband! ;rriy poor husband! how I feel for your loss iarid palri. But where is my son? Where Is :my boy? My youngest!" He was thinking In bitter and/angry humil iation. "It Is gone! It is gone!- The- great -stone has been stolen out of my own house!. /I/shall be an object of derision or of pity be- -fo'rethe world! Why was 'I such a fool as tb bring' It home with me merely to gratify the curiosity of women, and having brought It home- with me, why was I such a fool as to leave it, trusting to my fool of a son!" At 'that moment Blair raised his eyes. He 'stared' wonderingly at Mackenna, and then 'suddenly charged with vigour and animation, sprang to his feet, crying "Where's Harry?" , Mrs. Blair, who hkd not seen or heard Mac ltenna's- entrance, believing her husband's reason had given way and flung her arm3 around him crying, "Oh, John. John, don't! Our boy is safe! Oh, don't give way! Keep your mind quiet and we shall have our boy back soon. For mercy's sake, John, don t stare like that! Is It the strange man again'.'" i Blair shook himself free and pointed to Mac kenna/ ... / -Mrs. Blair turned round, and, s.eeing some one -she uid not "recognise at the moment, rittered'a screrim and fell sitting on the chair from which her husband had risen. Mllly darted from the kitchen Into the hall. 1 Mackenna was taken aback, confused and not a little ruffled by the abrupt fierceness of Rtnlr's auestion. He. .answered quietly but In a sort of, protest, "I do not know where he, is. I camb"Bver here 'to ask If all Is right." , Mrs. Blair liad now recognised the speaker and sat regarding him anxiously. If Mac kerina did not know something of Harry, what brought him here at. such an hour? "You do riot know where he Is," cried Blair In contemptuous disdain. "Then what Is tlie meaning of this?" He held up a crump led sheet of note paper in his hand. "i do not know what you hold in your hand or "what the meaning of It may be, and fur ther, Mr. Blair, I do not understand the tone you use towards me, and I should be obliged by aai explanation of that tone." , "Meaning of this, sir," went on Blair, wratli- fully. "This," shaking the paper furiously, vis a, letter from you to my son, asking him to. spend , this evening at your place to meet- to meet a. pack of rascals." : ; ,(tq he costixukd.) 