WILD EELIN : HER ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES, AND BITTER SORROWS. By WILLIAM BLACK. Author of 'A Daughter of Heth,' 'A Princess of Thule,' 'Madcap Violet,' 'In Far Loch aber,' 'White Heather,' 'Stand Fast, Craig-Roy ston,' 'Highland Cousins,' &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XVII.— Deeper and Deeper. Surely never in all the world was a literary co-partnership carried on in more enchanting circumstances ; golden afternoons, with tha sunlight flooding the spacious greensward of the tennis-lawn ; the garden plots brilliant in purple, and white, and scarlet, and yellow ; shaded seats (for earnest consultation) under the spreading limes ; and then the promenade along the river-front overlooking the pink-grey shingle and the shining breadth of blue water stretching over to the leafy heights beyond. This young Gilchrist foresaw his ruin and rather courted it, so demented was the lad. He was bewildered by her eyes, as the sea birds are bewildered that dash themselves against the glare of the lighthouses on the wild Atlantic nights. And the belle dame sans merci 'went singing on her way' without a thought of harm. Why should there be harm ? She was eagerly interested in these literary projects. The doctor-burglar story was proceeding apace. Then he brought her the monthly magazines for her perusal and opinion ; and her smallest hint, of approval or disapproval, waxed large when it came to his writing out. How little did the ladies and gentlemen who were strenuously calling attention, to them selves in these periodicals imagine that their pathetic efforts were being adjudged upon during idyllic conferences under the great black araucaria, while the wide stream mur mured as it swung along, and the soft winds blew and the honeysuckle was sweet in the air. No doubt the Invernish Observer could hardly be regarded as a supreme authority ; nevertheless, type is type; and there are agencies for snipping out and forwarding to these anxious aspirants any newspaper mention of them. The tragio thing is that no similar agency- exists for guaranteeing that none such paragraphs, of whatsoever kind, shall enter a private person's house. Then he had grown less shy and apprehen sive in manner ; modest he always was and desirous to please, but his glance was not now so painfully alert ; in short, he was feeling a little more at home, while his extensive read ing and his judgment in bookish affairs gave him a certain position. Moreover, he had incidentally been introduced to one or two of Miss Eelin's companions and to their occupa tions and diversions. Lily Neile, for example, would bring along her brother, and these four (when MSfcJ. and magazines had been deposited on a window-sill) would make experiments in croquet— a game that had just been revived after sleeping peacefully for a generation. And the favoritism bIiowii by this young newspaper man — and . the wild excuses ho had to makegjii- consequence. If Eelin and he were oh*' '-opposite sides — for some such distressing arrangement 'would occa sionally happen— and if aha were. lying, i'u a good position at her hoop, and if he could easily have gone down and driven ne away, he would deliberately do something - else! and then as a kind of afterthought h 1 would by way of apology say to his indignan i partner, 'Well, yes, perhaps I ought tohav gone down to her.' And then the Intentions misses— when it was Eelin who was his enemy Lily Neile was a most good-tempered, not \& say a hilarious, las), but sometimes she gol angry, or pretended to be angry. ' You two,' ehe said one afternoon to her chief girl-friend, 'ought always to play on the same side, and then we might have -n; honest game. He simply won't croquebyou. It's disgraceful. See how I am handicapped.1' ?t And then Archie Gilchrist, suspecting that remarks were being made about him, oame up blushing and confused and stammered forth an apology. 'Did you ever see anyone play so badly? I'm not sure that the lawn is quite even jnso there. The roots of that lime tree may run a long way underground—' At which Lily Neile burst out laughing. ' The roots of a lime tree 1' said she. 'Mr. Gilchrisli you know perfectly well that you deliberately missed that ball. I saw you do it ! ? ' 'Yes, you saw me miss the ball,' said he; ' but the intention is a very different matter ' You are always playing into her hands— it isn't fair,' contended the irate damsel (but sha was giggling, for she saw that Eelin did not like this too open aocusation). ' And next) game I must have my brother for my partner; then you two can nurse each other as much aa ever you like.' The awkward feature of the whole situation was this, that these two, Archie Gilchrist and Eelin, of the eyes like the sea-wave, had for a long time back been alternately love-making and jeering at each other through the columns of tho Invernish Observer : but now, when the Saturday came round, 'Fairfax' was dis covered to have grown exceedingly respectful, as if he were addressing a real person. Eelin promptly perceived the danger. 'Mummie,' said she, with a copy of the paper in her hand, 'I can't have this at all, you know. If Mr. Gilchrist is to come here he must understand and remember that 'Fair fax' and ' White Cockade' are quite imaginary people who never existed, and the way they have been talking at each other has also been quite imaginary, of course — certainly— obviously— quite imaginary— quite ? ' 'Are you only finding that out, now, Eelin ?' the mother asked, with calm scrutiny. 'I told you long ago that all that farrago about assignations at the islands would be come rather compromising if you were to meet the young man in actual life.' 'Ah, but I won't have it !' said Eelin, with . unusual perturbation. 'There must be a distinct understanding. All that nonsense that has been going on was between two ghosts aDd has nothing to do with him or me. Of course not ! And if ' Fairfax' chooses to be timid, and complimentary, and courteous, why, it's his own look out f' sho continued, with more spirit. 'I'm not going to spare him— not I !~ I will hew and hack at him ! I will cure him of his John Knoxos, aud his Fairfaxes, and his Cromwells.' ' Oh, no, you won't, Eelin. He seems to me a most amiable youth ? ' ' Now thero you are again, mother,' the fc girl cried, with some little touch of shamefaced color. ' You are assuming that the newspaper people and the real people are one and tha same ; whereas they are not— and never could be. The young man who comes here is a very nice, quiet boy, as distant in speech and demeanor as could be wished ; and besides ha is so very clever and well informed ; why ha can tell you everything. Very nice and very interesting. Only, lie must distinctly under stand that he has no relationship with m« handed over from ' Fairfax' — however respect ful 'Fairfax' may choose to become.' 'I thought you might find some difficulty,' said the mother, regarding her. 'Oh, no, there must not be,' the girl said with decision. 'There must be a clear under' standing. I will tell him the very next tim» he comes out that 'Fairfax' must remain ' Fairfax' ; a very slight hint will be sufficient. For of course I don't want to quarrel ; he him self is really a very nice boy— such an interest ing companion — so unlike other young rnenj don't you find him so, mummie?' 'Ob, I like him well enough,' the mamma said, rather more cautiously ; the whole posi tion of affairs puzzled her. Nor was it quits so easy as Eelin had thought to warn this young Archie Gilchrist that ha must in nowise consider himself to be the in heritor of the rights, privileges, and immu nities arrogated to himself by the imaginary 'Fairfax.' For the real young man never presumed one hair'6-breadth in that direction ; on the contrary, although she had got to be fat a measure dependent on his ad vice, he war careful always to preserve a certain attitude pi deference— to Miss Macdonald of Kinvaig. . : And how could she complain that tfo ??; ghostly contributor to the newspaper. :' should be showing himself respectful to her other and ghostly self? The only way to clear up this somewhat perilous atmos phere was for 'White Cockade' to attacl; him boldly in print. She would -show him what she' thought of his William the Thirds! She would sound. the gathering of the clans; and fight the old battles over again ; and lament fallen fortunes ; and raise her glass to him beyond the seas I There was to be no more fanciful love-making, no preconcerted meetings out at the Islands, no secreting of envelopes in the first ash tree east of the Priest's Well. Who was this 'Fair* fax,' with his Whigamore sentiment and hif ' Declaration of Impudence' ' A man's a man for a' that ?' At all events she would make Ib clear that his extreme courtesy was wholly' thrown away upon the person signing herself 'White Cockade,' who was resolved to main tain the freedom of her opinions and prejudices and habit of speech as unrestricted and invio late as ever. On one of these golden afternoons Arohia Gikhrist— the real and actual person— walked out to Glengarva House ; in his pooket there, was the completed story of the doctor who to revenge himself upon society joined a gang of burglars. It was 'rather a wild afternoon j during the previous day and night there had been rain up in' the hills and now the river was roaring down in purple spate : moreover the blustering gale from the south-west had not subsided, but Miss Eelin had peggeddownjind . erected a canvas tent between the black-green araucaria and her honeysuckle bower ; and in this sheltered nook her mother and herself were able to follow their usual occupations, . while at any moment they could look abroad on the swinging current, on tho row of treee that were tossing and straining their branoheff in the gusts of wind, and on the brilliant . garden plots, where the nasturtiums, and car- nations, and asters, and panaies. white; purple, and pale yellow, were driven down, oy . tht . breeze and would then recover themselves and sway and bend and become erect, in rather .3 - joyous manner, in the successive) floods of sun- . light. And hero it was that Archie Gil christ found the two ladies ; and .they jrreeted * hiin'with a most kindly welcome j they gava him tea and cake and fruit; and they begged him to read to them the conclusion of tha doctor-burglar 'story, with which they pr6 fessed themselves delighted. As for him, their praises did not cheer him much. He waa rather ? db\vji at heart. The cessation of oo« partnership* bo far aa this little story waspon* : oer.nea'B'B?lned,tq foreshadow the ..end. Hpfcatt s_ been too fortunate. Hehad beeji placed 05. 7 too friendly ;a footing^ Wtytt^he was tol* - \ telegated back to a distant acquaintanceship lie waB not going to repine or reproach— cer- tainly not the latter. He would accept witu submission, and be grateful enough forwhat bad already been vouchsafed him. For be was not a presuming lad. * O£ a sudden the glare at the mouth o£ the tent was darkened by a figure; and a maid ?ervant announced Dr. Gillespie. And as the \- corrosion of slavery is. not easily eUmiaated from any iuman system a pang of contrition and remorse shot through Archie Guclinst ft nature ; here was bis master ; and he had been caught idling ; it was as if Struthers bad un expectedly come it) and found him dreaming of a line in Horace instead of attending to day book and ledger. But this master waa not aa the other master ; he betrayed no surprise on discovering his employe fleeting the time away in this pleasant company; nay, 'aftev saluta tions,' when he perceived the roll of MS. lying on the small garden-table, he hinted that a little bird had whispered to him of a certain collaboration and he hoped that the two writers who had for so long been attacking each other in the columns of the Inveniush Observer would find their advantage in working together in peace and amity. 'Oh, but understand, doctor, said Miss Eeliii, as she poured out some tea for him, 'those two people are not known hero. We don't recognise them. They can continue to squabble if they like— and doubtless they wilL We don't even mention them. They are not of our set.' Now whatever Miss Eelin Macdouald said or did was right in the eyes of the bland, fresh-colored, silver-haired doctor, who was fiiniling so benignantly over his sold spectacles ; and he fell in with the mystifica tion and made no further reference to the newspaper combatants ; but none the less he betrayed some little curiosity about the MS. before him. What had his assistant sub editor and his young friend the Daughter of the House of Kinvaig been about, when they laid their heads together 1 'Well, I'll tell you all about it,' eaid Eelin, with her usual bold frankness. 'That is a email imaginative piece — a piece of fiction. The original idea was Mr. Gilchrist's ; but as I have had something to do with the shaping of it you will at once perceive that it must be a work of resplendent genius. You will admit that, of course. Very well. So far, good.' The familiar, not to say the irreverent way in which -this slip of a Rirl treated so august a personage as the proprietor and editor of the Jnvernhh Observer almost shocked Archie Gilchrist ; but then he was not altogether used yet to Wild Eelin's ways, nor did he know that . the good-uatured doctor had considerably ' Bpoiled her by much petting. ' The worst of it is,' the young lady continued, 'that now we have completed this work of genius we don't quite know what to do with it ; and mamma wants a five-pound note for her conva lescent home ; and it has just occurred to me, my dear doctor, that you might take the story for the Observer.' Sho was laughing at him— expecting confu sion, but the shrewd and good-humored doctor was not easily put out. He affected to consider her proposal gravely. ' Yes V We]], now five pounds is not a larpe Bum— not a large sum— not at all; I think that is what v.ra& paid for another notable pot boiler ? ' ? 'A potboiler!' she exclaimed indignantly. ' 1 am talking of the ' Ancient Mariner,'' he said, with an innocent air. 'I think that is what CcJeridge and Wordsworth got for the Rhyme, when they were away on some excursion or other aad found themselves hard up.' 'I thought that the Rhyme was Cole ridge's and that the Excursion was Words worth's,' she said, but he paid no heed to her ribaldry. 'However,' he continued,, 'this is doubt less a much more important production.' ?'I have told you it is.' 'Yes — quite so. And I am obliged to you for Iho offer. But hitherto we have not pub lished any serial story in the Observer.' 'You should march with the times, doctor!' she cried again. 'Why, nowadays there is fiction everywhere.' 'That also is true,' he replied to her, with much sauvity. 'There is fiction everywhere, but especially in the political rumors that come from Vienna. However, my main ob jection to using your story in the Observer is that I should be introducing a new feature that would have to be. a permanent feature, and where could I find subsequent tales of equal merit '( Empoaaihle I' ' Oil, now you are taking a harmless bit of fun seriously !' she said, pretending to- be much hurt. 'That's not like you, doctor. Thai's rather mean. And if this little tala isn't a great work of genius, at least it's good enough for the readers of the Invernish Ob server f 'That I am sure of !' he answered her im pressively, ^ though he was not in the least deceived by her offended manner. ' And a9 regards the five pounds for the convalescent home, well, my dear Miss Eelin, that might be come at without disturbing the old- fashioned traditions of a country newspaper.' He put his finger and thumb into his waist coat pocket : but at this point the gentle mother interposed with more than her usual decision. ' No,' said sh£, ' I will not have my guests treated in this way. I will not have blackmail levied in my house. Don't pay any attention to her, doctor — they must dispose of the mannscript as best they can.' Doctor Gillespie and Archie Gilchrist, when this visit was over, walked back into the town together ; and the former was moat friendly. '.When are you off for London '!' said he. ; 'For London?' 'Yes. Every young man of literary ability and ambition has his eye fixed on London. To conquer London or die — thatfs the watch word.' Alas J of late he had not been thinking of London at all. The visionary towers of West minster Abbey had disapjjeared from the horizon. Eather he had been considering what was to be done with a broken and hope leas and useless life when the inevicable should happen, as it was bound to happen. ' Ib is a bold ambition,' continued the good doctor ; ' and too often it leads to long heart ache and ends in failure ; but for the one who succeeds the triumph is splendid. I suppose youfll try. There's something in your writing that tells me you'll try. There's a largeness* of atmosphere— as if you were addressing a ; wider audience than Invernish— I tbink that eooner or later 'the terrible city' will draw you . towards it. In that case I could give you some j help, perhaps. We shall be sorry to lose you ; L; , fcutii ib should come about — if 'the terrible : : city* .should eventually get hold of you— then a few tetters of introduction could do yon no harm.' . f ' I am very much obliged to you,' said Archie Gilcbnsi, And it was all he could say. H& was in utter perplexity— without- plan or purpose; his mind a chaos ; his future- a matter ' of almost unconcern. It is true in these later days he certainly appeared to have fallen among friends, but none the legs was he dis ..' ?' | traoght and wretched and downcast ; he began ;?? to understand better the incoherent messages left behind by this or that young man or young woman who had bade good-bye to the world and plunged into tlie unknown. Lore-madness 'is sometimes said to be a mere invention of the \\! poets. There were suicides from hopeiest lore : and from disappointed love thousands of cen '.; ;??; tuiries before any poet was ever heard of. ? ?'--»;? :-£?TFbeB there came an evening. He bad been ft;, away but among the Wilds and hills, perhaps '?$j?--- ?:???-. :~\''- ?? .????? ? ~ ? ;;V.;- :..' .'-'?-?. hJi: ????-??:.i;y. ' .- ? -. .'. ? .??'?? seeking to find in their tranquil beauty and their silence some relief from the passionate unrest within his own bosom. Was it, then, to be London and a wild dash for fame and someone, not wholly uninterested, hearing of bis renown ? Or the Cape Mounted Bines and severance for ever and forgetfulaess? Gr to go on and endure, letting an occasional moment of rapturous gratitude— for a look or a smile compensate for long days and nights of des pair 2 These were anxious and conflicting questions; and meanwhile the twilight had deepened to dusk ; the trees along the river bank and on the wooded heights had grown dark ; and dark also were tho pathways and the hedges and walls % though the broad surface of the Btccam was still of a cold and steely hue, and in the west there waa a waning silver-grey barred by heavy swathes of purple cloud. He beard voices borne far across the wide water ; a trembling orange ray spoke here and there of a window being lit up. For now Fie was aim lessly returning home with but little assuage ment of his misery. He did not notice, but gradually and stealthily the world around him was being transformed. Over the black f oliagecertatn fleecy clouds had caught a suffusion of faint saffron radiance ; the wide pastures had grown to be of a phantom grey; the mists were visible along the bills ; if he had looked he would have seen that he was now casting a shadow. And at length this new presence around him became so pronounced that he could not choose but have his attention drawn to it ; he turned his .ead to ascertain ; and behold ! there was the full moon shining through a filmy haze over the ebon masses of the woods. All the distant sounds were hushed now; the dominion of the night had begun— with the empress of the night set high on her pale and mystic throne. By this time he had arrived at the point where the garden surrounding Glengarva House abuts on the open fields ; and he was just about to go through the little turnstile to continue on his route into the town when he perceived that someone was approaching from the other side. Well, it was none other than Miss Eelin Macdonald., for she was in the habit of stealing out from the grounds and pass ing along the river front to this convenient corner, where she could better enquire of the upland country about the weather prospects of the morrow. He hesitated— his heart sick with fear; then he advanced to the turnstile, and she, having satisfied herself as to the look of the night, was about to get back within doors again, when she recoguised who the 6tranger was. So she halted and shook hands with him and asked him what he thought of the sky— Lily N~eile and she having some scheme for the next day. And then, of course, as he was proceeding along tho river-bank, and as she had to reach tho gate of the carriage drive before she could enter, they walked along together. It was a kind of inevitable thing. The length of this promenade was simply the length of the front garden of Glengarva House — not over a hundred yards or so ; and no doubt in those few brief seconds they talked the merest commonplaces. He did not know and ho did not care. Those honeyed words of hers could be recalled afterwards and counted ? over one by one as a miser counts over his secret wealth. And in the meantime — that is to say, when they had parted at the gate and when he had resumed hia way into the town between the glamorous grey of the river and the wan foliage and black shadows of the trees —in the meantime his brain was all afire with this new experience, and his exaltation was of a quite blind and delirious nature. For he had walked in the white moonlight with Eelin Macdonald ; and to him it was as if, in the deeps of the forest, he had kissed Schb'n Rohtraufc's mouth. Chapter XVIII. — Timko Danaos. There arrived at Glengarva House a hamper of blick game — with Lord Mountiaahon's com pliments. There followed a lG-Ib. salmon — with Lord Mountmahon's compliments. Next came a haunch of venison — with Lord Mouutinahon's compliments. And finally there appeared upon the scene Lord Mountraahon himself — gay, dauntless, self- assertive— a gorgeous kind of young man he seemed to be, with the resplendent button hole in bis Norfolk jacket of brown velvet — this was no shamefaeed, timid, anxious-eyed student humbly solicitous to please. The efful gent young man occupied the drawing-room, as it were, lie dispensed his favors. And all his talk was of the forthcoming festivities. 'Never heard of such riot and revelry,' said he, grinuing in the most amiable fashion. ' One's brain whirls. Let's see— what comes first ? The pony and galloway races. I wish I had noticed an entry in your name, Miss Mac donald ; wouldn't 1 have backed it ? Yes, that I would ! Well, there's plenty of other things for one to settle one's money on ; and I imagine these wild merrymakings will cost some of us a pretty penny. The exhibition of Highland industries— I understand you have a stall there, Miss Eelin ? ' Miss Eelin (hotly resentful at being ad dresaed by her Christian name — an old fisher man, a washerwoman, a young servant-Loss— these and their like were heartily welcome to use the familiarity ; but not this efflorescent person), Miss Eelin replied in a somewhat cold manner that she merely meant to assist. ' But your name's in the papers ?' he ex claimed—and his bold and semi-bemused eyes, kept regarding her and examining her with evident satisfaotion. Homespun cloths— Lady Helmsdale and Miss Macdonald of Kinvaig' — I saw it in the papers ! I can tell you there will be some purchases made at that stall ! I should think so ! Yes, I stand by my friends. That's just what's the matter with me. Idon;t know Lady Helmsdale personally, but I know some of her people ; Dick Bailie used to be a nailer at polo; well, I'll be at that stall; there'll be a purchaser at that stall, you mark my words ; if all the people in Glengarva have to sro squiring about in Harris tweeds ? ' 'It will be very good for the people in Glen garva,' said Eelin, with rather proud lips ; and then he interrupted her. ' Ah, but you know what I mean. It's your stall. I understand there's sometimes a little rivalry among you ladies— oh, yes, natural enough ; and you like to see things going, Miss Eelin, your stall shall not be neglected — don't you fear. You'll be kept busy with your little pencil and notebook ? ' 'I shall not be there !' said Eelin of the wave-blue eyes — and those eyes had a strange sort of wounded expression in them ; perhaps she thought that her mother should have inter fered to protect h«r. 'I have given Lady Helmsdale all the help that she needs — -' 'Eelin!' her mother protested, 'you promised to take the stall until luuca-tiine J' 'Everything is ready,' was the reply. ?'There is no necessity for me to be at the ex hibition at all. Lady Helmsdale will have a shopgirl with her to register the sales. There is no reason why I should go ? n 'My goodness gracious!' Mountmahon cried, ' there will be no attraction I Oh, really, now-! What do you think I want with Harris tweeds? I was determined to make your stall the success of the show, and of course X shall. Of course yon must be there. It's your duty— to the cottars and crofters and all the rest of them. Of course you must go ; and -wtf 11 make a ehindy of it, if I have to bay tho whole counter. You just put my name down— put my name down for anything you like. And they let you hava afternoon tea, I'm told. M be thera Ladv HelmsdaIeJs shopgirl can run the sales ; we'll have tea and a look at the rank and fashion and beaoty of Invernish. Then there's the fames— the kilted warriors of the iiorthTbagpipeB^tartaiis'T etrathspeys. Of coarse you are going, Mrs. MaedonaldJ' Fora moment he turned to the mamma, who answered him— ' ' ? ' 'Oh, no. But Lady Helmsdale ba&been; kind enough to offer to take Eelin with her 'Ah, Lady Helmsdale 1' he Eaid thought fully. ' It is clear I must make Lady Helma dale'B acquaintance. I must be of that party, if you will allow me, Miss Eelin ? ' 'Oh, but Fm not going,' the girl answered hurriedly. 'I— I have seen the Highland games often before ? ' 'Butnatas they are to be this year f he insisted. Oh, really, you must go J You see, besides the usual things, there are those gym nastic fellows from Aldershot — sword exercise — lance exercise — quarter-staff— vaulting horse —all kinds of things ; rather dainty it will be if there's anything like decent weather.. And I'll be of your party— yes, I will ; IVe only to tell Lady Helmsdale that I used to know her cousin, Dick Baillie, before begot broke to bits and bolted—an awful fool to make a hash of him self about a married woman. Well now, isn't there something about members' tickets — sepa- rate entrance— for I must know where to find you ? ' There flashed upon the mind of thegir la dread ful picture — the great enclosure— the terraced benches — the concouraebf people — all her friends from far and near assembled — and these not failing to- observe that Eelin Macdonald was submitting herself to the insolent attentions of this too notorious peer. And yet her mother did not interpose a word. 'Oh, there will be no difficulty,' continued the confident young man, and he resumed his enchanted scrutiny of her features. ' What I want I get. It's a way I have, and it's the only way worth having. You only live once. Persistare is my motto. Persistare ? — no, id doesn't sound quite right ; but what I mean is, keep on and keep on till you get what you're after. You'll see how I'll chum in with Lady Helmsdale at the Highland Industries. Til buy the whole stall — dashed if I don't. Women are awfully proud of that sort of thing — biggest sale on record — all cleared out. And I will be of your party at the games— I mean if yon will honor me with your permission, Miss Eelin ; of course I mean that. I'll square it with Lady Helmsdale — don't you fear. I've got a way, you know. I don't like to boast, but I get what I want — in reason, of course. I don't cry f#r the moon. But persistare is a good motto. At this point his lordship was offered tea, which he declined ; but when he jocularly re marked that a little brandy-and- soda was more in the nature of tile medicine he was accus tomed to take that refreshment was provided for him, and he joyfully resumed — **? 'And now about the two ball-evenings — that's the great feature, of course; all the house parties in from the shooting-lodees ; swellest affair in the North of Scotland, they tell me. Of course you'll b» taking your daughter, Mrs. Macdonald ? No ? Oh, still under the wing of Lady Helmsdale ? Then I perceive it is more than ever imperative that I should at once get into Lady Helmsdale's good graces.. Yes, yes ; I can manage it. Some times people don't cotton to me at first, I am aware of that — I admit that ; but very soon they find that I am not such a bad EOrt. I am not one of the clever Johnnies, and I don't pretend to be ; but there are worse sons of Adam wandering about this planet than I am. Til put the blarney over Lady Helmsdale. I'll woolly-lamb her till she won't know where she is. And I hope, Miss Eelin, that you'll be pood to me. You see I &6nt know many of the fair goddesses of these parts. I shall have torely on you. I'll come early, while your programme is aa yet a virgin page, and you'll give me as many dances as you-san with decent propriety. I'm not greedy. I would rather sit out— if there's any convenient place for strolling up and down ; or perhaps a corner in the refresh ment- room.' 'But; Lord Mountmahon, are you really going to the balls V asked the gentle lady of the house. In truth she was shocked. How many weeks was it since this young man had been following the coffin of hia drowned wife ? 'Why, they tell mo these two dances are the great event of the gathering 1' h« cried. ' And I've never been before ; always too- busy — yes, crawling through wet heather after measly stags, and missing them all over the place. Now I want a little enjoyment. I like a bit o' fun ; but crawling on all fours for miles at a stretch isn't fun at all. Not mucli. A precious sisrht worse than the treadmill. And all the whisky in the world won't keep the wet out ; wonder it isn't a bee-line for Kenaal Green. But this is different now — very dif ferent; youth and beauty and _a quiet chat in a corner — oh, you'll see if I don't woolly-lamb old mother Helmsdale — I beg your pardon, I do really — I didn't mean to be disrespectful ; I don't know the lady ; abe may be as fair and young and fresh as a rose in Juna ; anyhow you may take it that I shall be friends with her before this ancient universe is many hours older. Because I have a way, you know ; yes, I have. I hold on till I get what I want' There could be no doubt whatever as to what all this.'portended.jand the moment the ebullient young man had gone Eelen turned in a half frightened, half-piteous kind of a way to her mother. 'Mother, I'm not going to the balls! — I would rather stay at home with you. And^aa for the games I've seen plenty of Highland games before. And the industries* L.idy Helmsdale can get some one to look after toe stall ; it is rather insulting, when any stranger has the right to come up and apeak to you be fore all the people. Mother, what does he want ?' she went on, and the dark blue eyes were very near to tears. 'Why does he come here — and send all things — and wish for our acquaintance? I shouldn't have thought he was the kind of person you would favor. Mother, I hate him !— Hostile the sight of him. If he comes here again I'll shut myself up in my room. I won't see him. He cannot make me see him if I am in my own room. And I won't sit out any dancea with him !— I won't go to the balls ! ? ' Now the gentle Bean-an-Tierhearn had never thought of formulating for heraelf any pliilo sophy of life ; but in her anxious forecasts about her daughter's happiness she had cease lessly inculcated the wisdom of tolerance— the wisdom of taking people and things as they are, not expecting too much ; in short, making the best of the only world which, for the present, we have the opportunity of using. And at this crisis, conscious of Eelin's vague alarm and distress, 6he began' to defend the young man. How could anyone say that the stories told of him were true 1 How could she know that there were prizefighters at Bridge of Kinvaig ? There might have-bQgn at one time or another ; and local gossip was a wild run ning thing. Surely she must at least credit Lord Mountmahon with generous intentions 1 Not everyone was' gifted with a fastidious . taste, and so forth. Perhaps she was a little too earnest, or it may have been that the girl,' high-mettled as to physical courage as Bhe always was, at the moment was unstrung ner vously and a prey to dim forebodings; She -listened almost without protest; but none She less a black terror indefinable held possession of her soul ; she knew not what was before her, but she was overcome by an instinctive dread, and she; began to have seoret thoughts. She would not argue.' She wanted to get out t-£ the house — to be away by herself . And in time she did find herself free and in -the open air— hereyeff receiving no impresBioij whatever from the wide. stream and ? the hanging* woods find the moving '-anS changing $&. She walked quickJyinto the town and called '''?'.?''i . ' . ' '-. ? .*; 'jk ;'?'?.? ''.i1.!':'-.1.- ,'-' 'jj.c ?????'? ?? '?„ ? ', ?? '?- 1 ,? . ,~ at the CflJedonian Hotel and askedif Mr. Allan Macdonald were within. She found him seatedin the verandah at the back of the house ever looking the garden and the river; and out; there among the brilliant flower- plotB a young lad waa marching up and down with the pipes over his shoulder, while he valiantly played ' I got a kiss jot the King's hand.' But the moment he caught sight of the visitor he changed his tune. His braggart stride became a slow and stately step, and the wail of the pipes was the 'Lament of Macdonald of Kin vaig. ' And it showed how unwrought and dis tracted the girl was that again the tears should have welled into her eyes. How many hun dreds and thousands of times had she not heard the ' Kinvaig Lament P'— and in the present instance it was only a sort of compli ment and recognition. And indeed there was no faltering in her voice when she went forward to greet the tall old blind man who was seated in a jjardon-chair— and of course he could not see that she was crying. 'I am glad to find you at home. Mr. Mac donald,' eaid she right cheerfully when he held up his hand as a signal that the pipes should cease, ' because I want to beg for your advice. It'B about a girl I know. Fm afraid youil think her an awful idiot. She's a young girl — about 20, I should say — and nobody has ever asked her in marriage, that's the joke of it. Nobody has asked her, and yet she's frightened, for she thinks she has respon sibilities ; and she thinks that somebody is going to ask her, and she has responsibilities'. Perhaps I can't explain very well ; but it's some thing likB this : — Suppose you imagine a young' girl that has had 20 years of the most constant care and affection — day and night — constant love and devotion and thoughtfulness ; well, don't you think she owes something in return, even if it took the form of a kind of sacrifice of her own feelings ? And suppose that her mother is the last representative of an old race; thrfF she has valuable family relics, for example, thab sho might wish to see carried over to some famous historical house; and — and — if the mother expects the girl to make what is called a good match ; and if the mother is so good and gentle and unselfish that she will hardly suggest it, but the girl knows what her mother is thinking, and the girl feels herself bound in honor to do something for 20 years of such extraordinary affection, surely she would sacrifice something of her own feelings — sup- posing — supposing that it was a marriage she had no liking for? Well, Mr. Macdonald, after all, you must consider that girl I have been telling you about a moat silly idiot; for, you see, she hasn't been asked, and it may be mere vanity on her part — mere absurd and ridicu lous vanity ; and I am not wishing you to sympathise with her in the least bit. At the same time there are appearances— perhaps she is over-alarmed — but there are appearances ; and what she is thinking of mostly is what her mother may expect of her ? ' If the blind man could see he could hear, and there was a sound of sobbing, for this Wild Eelin who used'to have suuh splendid courage, had utterly broken down. 'God bless me!' he exclaimed. in conster nation. ' What has happened ? What is hap pening 5' But she had a fine spirit. She pulled herself together. Her handkerchief was not long at her eyes. ' Well, I only wanted to ask if you ever heard of such a ridiculous idiot of a girl ':' she said, aud she affected to laugh. ' A girl who hasn't been asked in marriage and yet is frightened she will be, and goes and worries her friends about such a vague possibility. I am sorry I troubled you about her, Mr. Mac donald. Girls take such fancies. And won't you tell that young lad to begin playing again the ' Seventy-ninth's Farewell' is the best of all of them. The ' Farewell to Gibraltar' is the best of them all. _ The blind man sat silent for a considerable time, then he said — 'Miss Eelin, I hope you will not consider me impertinent ; but I will venture to ask you a question, and you aro free to leave it un answered. Yes, it sounds impertinent, but I would like to ask you if you have had any visitor of late at Glengarva House — I mean, any newcomer?' She had wholly pulled herself together by this time. 'Ob, yes,' she answered him blithely enough. 'Lord Mountmahon has honored us by callingonceortwice. He is the shooting tenant, you know, at Kinvaig, and I daresay the stories they repeat about his having music-hall people there and prize-fighters are exaggerated or in ventions altogether ; but we're not going to talk about him. No, no, I want you to tell me who this young ladre. He will make his mark. He has pot the real thrill and tremble of the fingers. Mr. Macdonald, bid him play the 'Seventy-ninth's Farewell.'' 'A.y,' said the old man slowly, ' but if my son Somerled was here, that is not what young Andrew would be asked to play.' 'No? What, then?' ' He would say to him — 'Andrew, you are playing before Miss Macdonald of Kinvaig. Play 'The Glen's Mine.'1 ( To le co nt inued. ) 