England v. Australia. THE THIRD TEST MATCH. A WONDERFUL SCORE. DARLING'S GREAT INNINGS. From our own Correspondent. Adelaide, Saturday night. The city to-night is simply wild with enthusiasm, and every place of public resort, ' especially the hotels, are crowded with ex cited individuals discussing the various features of the great innings played by the Australian team. Yesterday morning the weather was all that could be desired, and has remained so until now, in marked con trast to the sweltering heat that charac terised the days when the N.S.W. and S.A. match was being played. The trains from the country brought thousands to the city, and from the earliest moment yesterday when the public were admitted the Oval ■contained an enthusiastic crowd of inte rested spectators. Checkett had done his level best and a perfect wicket had been prepared, fit for record scoring. Everyone felt that the lucky winners of the toss must have a great advantage, and when it was known that Trott's star was in the ascen dant a shout of jubilation went up from the spectators. Darling-and McLeod were the first to do battle for the home team, and two doughtier champions never faced a bowler. Briggs and Richardson were deputed to open the attack, the former delivering his fiercest expresses, which Darling was content to block over after over, the first 25 minutes only yielding 15 runs. Then at last the left-hander let out, and scored 10 off oue over of " Long Tom's," two successive hits going to the chains amidst ringing cheers, but in the next over from Briggs a perfect roar of excitement rewarded Darling, who lifted the little I>ancastrian's last deli veri er er the heads of the people near the gates. Both men were well set, and Darling began to hit out all round with the utmost confi dence, his score at luncheon time being 58, whilst McLeod had only totted up 16. After the interval play was slow for a little while but Darling soon resumed his confident game and laid on the wood with vigor. The bowl ing was frequently changed, but to no effect, and it was not until the score stood at 97 that Briggs deceived McLeod with a curly one which displaced his bails. The out-goer had played a very useful but un attractive innings and was succeeded by Clem HilRwho received a very warm greet ing on proceeding to the wickets, where he wisely adopted careful tactics, leaving his partner to continue his triumphant career. For the second time in the match Darling gave Briggs a taste of his quality, lifting him amongst the crowd on the other side of the chains. The ball travelled like light ning, and the spectators although packed together like sardines scattered in all direc tions. Hill gradually got to work, and when his total was 20 aud that of Darling 98, the. latter made another magnificent hit off "little Johnny" that fairly "brought down the house." Darling smote the ball with such terrific force that it lauded out side the cricket ground down hy the en trance gates. Six runs were credited for this mammoth hit, the first "sixer" ob tained on the Oval for many years. The enthusiasm knew no bounds, Hill rushed across the wickets and shook hands in a most excited manner with the redoubtable smiter, and the Englishmen could not re frain from joining in the general cheers which encircled1 the ground. For fully ten minutes play was suspended, but on resuming Hill set to work vigorously, apparently stimu lated by Darling's performances, and ran his score up to 45 in quick time. Darling had two very narrow escapes of being run out and was also let off by Ranji at point, but with Hill continued to play splendid cricket, until with the score at 245 Storer snapped Clem at the wicket. The batsman had played faultlessly for his 81 runs, and re tired amidst general plaudits. Gregory, who had not handled a bat since Ids acci dent in the previous test match, began cautiously, but Darling continued his tre mendous punishment, especially when with the score at 250, Briggs went on again, five " chaiuers " resulting from his three overs, eachbeing greeted with thundersof applause. With the total at 301 Darling's individual contribution passed the 175 scored by Ranji at Sydney, but _the last ten minutes only yielded three runs, the batsmen simply keeping up their wickets. In spite of the 1 long leather hunting the Englishmen fielded | with great spirit throughout the day, and stumps were then drawn, the scores being 300 for two wickets. To-day on resuming play the Oval was again the scene of much excitement, and | thousands assembled hoping to see Darling continue his brilliant innings. But it was not his day—and like Clem Hill in the open ing match of the tour—he did not add to his overnight score, being taken at tlie wickets 1 in Richardson's first over. His score will, however, long remain in the memories of those who witnessed it as one of the most brilliant exhibitions ever seen on the Oval. Trott followed, but Hearne soon bowled the skipper, and his place was taken by Iredale, who, with Gregory, made things ver3r w arm for the Englishmen, and the two added more than 100 runs to the score before " Sid " fell a victim to Storer's nimble hands behind the wickets. Hs had played a very sound innings, fully maintaining his repu tation. Noble then joined Iredale, who was hitting out with great freedom, the hall being driven to the chains time after time amidst tumultuous applause, and it was not until the score totalled 4(50 that one of Richardson's expresses got past Noble, who had compiled 40 without the ghost of a chance. Kelly then followed and playing, for him, a very steady game, remained with Iredale until another of the Surrey " light ning shooters" made havoc of his wicket. Trumble played a sterling game, but soon lost Kelly who was bowled by Stoddart, and Jones being run out just at the call of time thestumps were drawn, onewicket(Howell's) still remaining to fall with the total at 552, one run ahead Of England's score in the first test match at Sydney. The play to-day was not nearly so fast or interesting as that of Friday-, but was marked by Bonie sensational incidents, and the Englishmen stuck to their task man fully. Shortly before one o'clock whilst the Surrey expiess vras bowling he was seized with a sudden and severe attack of spasms, necessitating bis removal to the pavilion for medical aid, Board taking bis place in the field for a couple of hours. Later in the day after luncheon Hirst, whilst bowling, hadlv strained one of the muscles of his side and had to retire suffering great pain ; the doctor who attended him ordering absolute rest for a couple of days, therefore Wain wriglit was requisioned to take Hirst's place, but the temporary loss of two of the English bowlers somewhat handicapped their side on Saturday afternoon. Banjitsinhji in stopping a very hard ball cut to point had one of his forefingers dislocated, also neces sitating his retirement for a time. The Englishmen, however, stuck to their work, and Stoddart having tried and re-tried all his regular bowlers, towards the find of the day when they were showing signs of tiring, he put on Mason and ' Storer, and fitfully went on himself and succeedeu M hovliug Kelly. There have been nearly 20,000 spectators on the Oval to-day, the .fash takings amounting to about £1,500. Actual play yesterday lasted 280-minutes, .during which time 309 runs were scored, but lb- day only 243 runs were made in 273 minutes, a much slower rate" of scoring. "So "closed the two days' play, ahd if the wicket only wears well it is quite possible the Englishmen; in spite of the heavy odds against them, may put up a big totalon Monday. ~ • - Tuesday. The match was resumed yesterday morn ing, the wicket apparently being in fairly good condition in spite of the two days' wbrk upor.it. The Australianinningslasted for three quarters of an" hour. Howell bat ting very steadily until Hearne found his way through his defence gifter he had made 17 runs, Trumble carrying out his bat for 37, the innings having^fessumed the formid able total of 573. v After the usual interval Mason and Mac laren went to the jwickets, .Jones and Tramble commencing!the onslaught. The two batsmen opened- T^tli the greatest caution, and were more Chan half an hour compiling 10 runs^ hut with the score at 17 Jones completely Shattered the Kent county captain's wicket. * The Prince then joined Maclaren, but somehow "he never seemed at home, and when he had inly scored six he was caught by Noble off grumble. Storer then followed in, but was almost immediately bowled by Howell, whoalfk) in like manner captured Maclarenhs-wicket, and with onlv 35 runs on the board ^qd.Jour of the best English wickets down thingsTlodkcd awfully black for England. However, Hayward and Druce pnt a little life into the game, both playing with great confidence, and the spirits of the English supporters revived as it was seen Hayvvard was in form. These two men took the score to 110 when Druce was caught by Darling, and Hirst came in. The Yorkshiroman had been resting since 3 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, and had apparently recovered from his strain, but he opened quietly, leaving the bulk of the scoring to Hay ward, who was batting in his most finished style. Soon, however, Hirst warmed to his work and began to hit out vigorously, the Oval resounding with generous cheers as the score gradually rose, and it looked as if these two men would play out time. But it was not to be, for Jones found his way to the young Surrevite's wicket just after he had made 70 runs, and Stoddart came in, content to play out time, the score at the close showing 196 runs for 6 wickets. Play had been very slow all day as the Englishmen throughout had naturally adopted careful tactics. Each day the | weather has been simply perfect and the j play most enjoyable. | This morning the interest was well sus tained, although there were not quite such crowds present as on the two previous days and the batting was resumed by Hirst and Stoddart, the latter was out for 15, and Briggs with Hearne did but little, nine wickets being down for 230 runs when Richardson came in. ' He at once com menced hitting out vigorously and knocked up 24 in quick time, the end coming by a good catch by Trumble when Hirst had made 75, and the total amounted to 278, nearly 300 behind the great score of the Australians. Australia. First innings. McLood, b Briggs ... 31 Darling, c Storer b Richardson 178 Hill, c Storer b Richardson 81 Gregory, c Storer b Hirst ... 52 Trott, b Hearne ... ... 3 Iredale, b Richardson ... 82 Noble, b Richardson ... 40 Kelly, b Stoddart ... 22 Trumble, not out ... 37 Jones, run out ... ... 8 Howell, b Hearne... ... 17 Sundries ... ... 22 Total ... ... 573 England. First innings. Mason, b Jones ... ... ll Maclaren, b Howell ... 14 Ranjitsinhji, c Noble b Trumble 6 Storer, b Howell ... ... H 4 Hayward, b Jones ... 70 l)ruce, c Darling, b Noble ... 24 Hirst, c Trumble b Noble ... 75 Stoddart, c Jones b Howell 15 Briggs, c Kelly b Noble ... 14 Hearne. b Howell ... 10 Richardson, (not out) ... 21 Sundries ... ... 11 Total ... ... 27S 