[?] By MRS. ALEXANDER. Author of ' The. Wooing o' 't.' 'The I'Vi-ros,' 'A Life Interest,' 'The Crooked l'ath,'&c; (Published by special arrangement willi the Author. ' All lights ri-urved. | PART IV. Chaptek XX. When tho carriage drew up Valerie sprang out to greet her friend. 'So sorry we were not back sooner. I hop? you amused each other. As we were in that direction mother wished to call at the Court, and when 1 found you had como over hero I asked for Gibbs and made her put ;ip a olianga of raiment for you. Air. Brown is giving ua his last day in i'l.indfordshire. I am so glad you eainc over. Tin1 general is to bring baric III1 (1 I ^ C'irl\' ll'lfl) ll 1 IV-1 t~~\ 'rl ' t-nii »* .,. .. 1 »,.t* worry y:iu.-s--if. I have settled everything with Lady ILv/.el hurst. How cross -tin is.' While Valerie rattled out this speech I'.rown had assited Lady Htapyiton to alight, and sha now wcleouietl Margaret warmly. After an i-xuhaugo of commonplaces, thoj went t) their respective liwms, 'Wha' is the matter with Mr. Brown* asked Y;d as she accompanied her friend tc her apartuu.-iit to see that all was in order. ' lie looks inspired.' ' Do yon think so'.'' said Margaret stoop ing to [lick up her handkerchief wiiicii ahe had dropped. 'Make haste, dear Marge and dress— I h-.'ar tlie general's void-. He 13 talking to l-r. O'Urady and you know punctuality is the god of hi-, idolatry.' 'What divis hsivo you brought me':' asked Margaret anxiously. ' Vo'ir uviid packed up your thins;-*. I did not venliiri' to interfere. Hue all jour frocks become you, Marge.' 'I am not so sure. Will you ask your Susan to do my hair ! That is a thing I can not manage. ' It was in vain thit Hugh strove to steady his nerves. To take a rational view of tiia situation — every throb of his pulse— and they cainu stro;ig and fast — seenifd to say '.Sli6 loves ui'j. Sho loves me.'1 Sometimes in a whi.spi.-r— sometimes in trumpet tones. He had uiTaugo.l to leave ni-xt day by a train which would take I11111 up to town' in time for dinner, as !'..; had ;ui appointment ti- keep with General Preston on the one follow ing, but now ho irsohcd to take the last train, which ro.icitfd town st tj a.m., and so secure a whole aftom-vjn— Uip. last perhaps ha should ever spend with M.-.rgarct. Perhaps she would walk with him through the woods back to Caresford. What was thc-re aboui him chat so dainty and delicate a demoiselle of high degree should love him 'i And sha did. She- loved him well. Tlie love light in her great, .soft, hazel eyos, the' indescrib able tundiTiiC'is ot her lightest touch, her tremulous yielding to his passionate caresses. Ah ! though he was but a soldier of fortune, risen iYoru the ranks, ho was sweet Margaret Neville's lord and master. She could not, or would not, .s:iy him n.iy. llut sho was his queen, too — most tenderly reverenced, whose hand he felt .-.careoly worlny to kis-= in spite- of the consciousness of hi.- power over ln'r. Ho felt intoxicated by the wild exultation which filled his heart, that made him forget thero was any to- morrow. Xo, he would not think of the years of uncertainty which lay between him an.l the possible moment oi ecstasy when lie could call her 'wife.' It was not oftea given to a mail to taste such joy as his — anJ he would drink the divine draught to tha lag* drop. The little party had all assembled, sava Marg.iiet, when ll'-i^ii entered tlie drawing room. She c:v.v\o in noiselessly a minute or two afterwards wearing a perfectly simple, uti trimmed dress of crimson velvet, admirably cut, and suiting her rich brunette coloring. A single row of fiuii pearls was rouud her throat. To Brown r.he seemed most gloriously ap parelled. Thu delicate outlines of her slendet ligure showed»w(.-ll in her dosu-u'ttinsr corsage and straight, plain skirt. She seeuied uot ta notice him, but shook hand* with the general and O'd'rady. Dinner was announced almost immediately, and of course Margaret went in with Sir Robert, andO'Grady took Lady Stapylton. Everyone was talkative, being more or loss excited about Brown's appointment. Tho general know something of the district where the new levies were to be raised, having shot tigers there in the days of yore, and had much to say about the country and the people. Lady Stapylton was thankful that thoir friend would be in a comparatively healthy region. Val. enquired as to the language spoken and the races to be found there. Margaret was very still and silent, and O'Grady deplored the loss of his chum. 'Faith, ho'll be a real loss to me, Miss Neville. Not that he appreciated my merits as he ought— not by any means. It was 'O'Grady, you gos«ipin|f old sinner !' 'O'Grady, you murdering saw-bones I' 'Why don't you put yourself on short commons, O'Grady? you'll not be able to mount that unfortunate pony of yours soon.' Those are the endearing terms in which he addressed his preserver.' 'I deny it all /' cried JSrown, laughing; 'at times I felt it right to rebuke your favo rite vices. Hut, doctor, 1 will say that I shall uot soon look upon your like again.' 'Begad, you are right there! Is it sorrow that's bringing you to a knowledge of the truth?' 'Oh, Mr. Hrown, doesn't sorrow at all,' said Valerie, 'lie is delighted to be off to ?fresh fields of— let us say, of glory.' 'Amon!' returned the doctor. 'You're right. Just look at tlie eyes of him. Some thing has struck fire to every electric light in the chamber of his soul and ho cannot hide tho blaze. What's tlie illumination for, my boy?' ' Who knows— perhaps, because my soul recognises the appearance of its sovereign.' 'Which is ambition?' put in Margaret softly, but very distinctly, ' Yes, Miss Neville, tho highest ambition a man could have.' Valerie glanced keenly from one to the other and smiled. Her mother looked at them and sighed. ' You call the soul 'it,' Mr. Brown,' said Val. 'I think the soul is generally considered feminine. I don't sea how my soul could be considered feminine, but I should certainly hesitate to say : he' in speaking of it.' '1 believe those terrible old gentlemen, the Fathers of tho Church, considered 111 it angels were always masculine,' said Margaret. 'if all they liavo to offer us in heaven is a collection of well-preserved choir boys, singing and playing on their harps — faith I I'd be inclined to try the other place,' said tlia doctor. ' I'm not surprised that Brown is oxhila*. rated,' said Sir Robert. 'He has gob aj splendid start, and I will say he deserves it. But you'll have a lot of hard work, Brown, you'll be. in the saddle pretty well all day. Your first care will be to securo a coupls o| good mounts. There was a fellow in Bombay, Tom Law, who kuuw where to find tha ver/ '?4 5oo kind of animal you wanted whatever it might be— provided you'd give the price.' Then the talk turned on horses and flowed in that channel for some miuutes till the rail way whistlo diverted it. 'How near that *eems,' said O'Grady. f 'It is really ]«?.-?- than half a mile off,' re turned Lady Stapylton, 'but the wind is set ting this way.' 'You take the midday train to- morrow, don't you?' said the general, addressing Brown. ' I did intend to do so, but I think tin.' mid night oue will do as well. 1 snail be in amplo time for ray appointment witli General Preston on Thursday.' The ladies then left the table, but the separation was very short. Then tama music, and Lady Stapylton made Brown sing all tho old favorites. Valerie played his accompani ments on the violin, and her mother gave tliem Bome delightful ballada and Volkslieder. Then the doctor, whose duties would not let him remain for the night, took his leave. 'Must you return to the Court to-morrow? whispered Brown to Margaret, while^ the general was saying some last words toO'Grady »n a loud tone and laughing at his own wit. 'Yes, 'Val promised for me.' 1 'If it is fine — will you walk— do walk, and let ine come with you. 1 must speak to you alone. There is only one day of leave before me.' He caught her hand unseen in the dim corner behind the piano. 'Yes,' she said, low and soft, 'and we have bo much to say. 1 will not go till after luncheon.' Brown pressed her hand to his heart for a second and went to speak to Lady Stapyl ton, who called him. The little party sat talking till nearly mid night before they separated. Val hesitated at Margaret's door and then went in with her. 'Marge — dear Marge! I see that you and Brown V.C. understand each other. Aro you not preparing trouble and pain for yourself ?' | ' Or, perhaps, joy and peace and all good things.' 'Then I am right. Hut, dear, think, you cannot keep him now and spoil his career. I And a long engagement is sure to bristle with j miseries and misunderstandings, especially , when half the world will bo between you. | Margaret, it is too, too foolish. Oh, how sorry i I am for Hugh Brown. lie is such a tine I fellow— so high-minded and straightforward, and ? '' ' Why are you not sorry for me, Yal ?'' cried | Margaret, suddenly throwing her arms round ; Val's neck and bursting into tears. 'I know j it is unwiso both for him and for me, but how can I help myself? It Eeems like mere school girl nonsense to say so, but indeed ho is my late. Don't you feel for me, too, Yal:' I 'I do indeed, but you have many com-' pensations, Marge, while he has^othing— only you.' 'Do you thing I cannot be constant, Yal? Do you* not believe that the man I love will not be all and all to rue ?? I am not worldly. I am as proud of Hugh Brown's love as if he were a crown prince. He is far above me. To be his wife will make me a better woman — and oh, so infinitely happy. J thought you had a better opinion of me, Y;-1.' 'So I haye. I believe you to be as good a? gold anil as true as steel, but you will have an awful time of worry and opposition and every possible temptation to inconstancy. I would not let any of your people know a word about it if I were you, Marge dear.1' '1 certainly will not. Aunt llazfiilmrat is not bad, but she is not my mother. I am entitled to keep my own counsel.' I 'Yes — you are indeed. Marge, why don't I you confess j'our sins to my mother ? She . would keep your secret religiously — and she ! is 80 wise, so kind, to say nothing of bur ! sincere liking for Hugh Brown. \ es, do tell I her.' ! 'I think I may, Yal, but not just now. I am so driven to and fro between pain and pleasure I scarcely know what I am doing or ' Baying. And to-morrow ho will leave us— me, i perhaps for ever.' Margaret clung closely to : her friend and sobbed bitterly. ?'Yes, it is very hard to part just as you j come to understand each other,' exclaimed ? Val, and proceeded to reason with, and soothe j the weeping girl. 'I must see him again, and alone, Yal,' she said. ' There is so much to say.' 'So you shall, dear. Leave it to me. I'll manage,' replied Yal, consolingly. 'And now you must go to bed, you aro quite worn out and will look a perfect ghost in the morning.' * This argument seemed to have decided weight with Margaret. Valeria therefore sununoued her maid, who soon let down and brushed Miss Neville's long nut-biowu trasses, and Val having ' tucked her up' and lit a night light, ki6sod her lovingly ami left her to sleep if shu could. How sfcranse it was to wake tit .\t morning and remember .she was betrothed to Hugh Brown. That she had solemnly promised her- j Bolf to him. That she was her own no longor, j and then to go downstairs to meet him face to face. She hurried through her dressing in the hope of exchanging a word with him before the rest appeared. And anticipation did not de ceive her ; as she passed a projecting window on the staircase bhe saw him on tho lawn speak ing to Val's favorite collie just in front of the dining-room window. She turned into that apartment, which was Mupty, and was immediately joined by lior ' lover. 'Margaret, 1 have been awake fur hours, burning for a sight of — for the sound of your voice. My sweetheart ! you aro pale and heavy-eyed. You have not slept, 1 fear?' '? 1 have slept, but, it wa- long before sleep came.' 'I fear I have so far brought you more sorrow than joy, my darling, it seems almost audacity to address you so familiarly, and yet how naturally the- words come to my lips. And you love me, .Margaret ?' 'Knough to make parting almo.-t too bitter !' '' It will be fine, am! dry to-day, thank (iod, bo you will walk home with me.' Before she could ruply Sir Kobc-rt was heard calling for his right-hand man— tho butler and valet— so the lovers were ut a respectful dis .inuci* from each other uiien he entered the room with a cheery greeting to his guests. % An hour after came, the colonel's groom with a note inviting ? Hir i'obert to dine at the mets that evening as O'Grady had told them ilia: Brown had postponed his departure till thu last train and they were goiue; to give him a jfarouell entertainment. .Sir Itobt-rt went of: 'to answer this and beiu^ nlnne with Margaret Brown exclaimed — ' 1 with to heaven they Would leave nw alune. I shall havo to Ipeechify with my head in a whirl, and my heart— you know what state, my heart will bo in after tearing myself from you. Lady 'fetapylton, too, h.is asked me togonnd talk to her before luncheon — I a:n supposed to leave immediately after — and I niuot go to her, she has been so amazingly kind to nic. Yet 1 feel that my presence sometimes give-; her pain keen pain. Margaret, my quooti, will you allow me to tell her that 1 huvo dared tj tell you how 1 love you ?' , 'Or that I have bren bold cv.ouf.h lo draw that confession from you,' inlcirupud Mar garet with smiling eyes. ,i 'I betrayed m.ystif fir.-t. lii'l^l I must have often betrayed myself. l!wt, Miirgj.ret, may 1 conn Jo in Lady M'..ij)yiton ?'' bhe tborght u iUuuiCiiiL :'!.J then txciai'.ned — t 'Yes, if j'ou wish it. 1 sin :ure you ,r.-r wiser than I a:n ; 1 will be ;';r;:ieie-.l by you. ! wish, oli, how I w.&h; you could be' ;dv.Li.yu i\q^c £o advise me.' 'You will feel stronger every day. Margaret, and better able to lean upon your self. You will etart immediately after luncheon. How intolerably far olf that mo ment seems.' ' Mr. Brown,' said Valerie, coming into the room. 'Mother says will you pay her your farewell visit now ?'' And Brown went im mediately. 'Do you know, Margaret, that mother is quite upset about Mr. Browns departuro. Yet she keep3 saying it is so much better for him to go away — faraway. There is no placo for him here, I think ho will make a very good place for himself. I do wish you would le-t me te.ll mother you have promised to marry Hugh Brown ?' ' As Hugh has the same wish, Val, I have agreed to his confiding our story to her, and now I am glad I did. It will be a comfort to apeak of him with you both. And she wili not be angry with either o\ us.' 'No— perhaps not— but she will think you unwise.' When Hugh joined them at luncheon Margaret could see that he had been much moved. But as the time for setting out on their walk to the Court drew near lie brightened up. 'I am going to see the gardener's little boy, who has been very ill — and so will go with you as far as lm cottage,' said Valerie', when they rose from the table. Margaret knew that she meant to prevent the appearance of the young chatelaine of 'Caresford walking away tetea tete with Brown. At last they were oif. In a few minutes Valerie stopped at the cottage, which was on the edge of a common intervening between the f?eneral's little property and tho Caresford lands. Then they were free— Margaret and her lover — to speak out their whole hearts to each other. Their steps grew slower and slower, and Hugh rapidly sketched the story of his life for her information, eagerly watch ing her speaking face to see what impression it produced. And he could soon tell that her Jove for him — her trust in and respect for him were untouched. The reader need not dread the infliction of a lout; lovers' duologue, with its tautology and endless recollections of small incidents, to them of supremo importance. Anyone with averago human feeling can imagine it all. Then; was a grave intensity in Hugh's tone, a passionate earnestness in all he said which deeply impressed upon Margaret that in accepting his love she took upon herself a great responsibility, even while he insisted, with unselfish generosity, that sho must never consider herself bouud to hini an hour after she felt her engagement a chain that chafed. 'And you must bo equally free, Hugh,' sho said, smiling. 'It would ue unfair other wise.' ' Oh, I shall ask for my freedom when I want it,' lie said rattier grimly. ' Meantime, aro you going to writo to me, ^weclhuart? i may nave that comfort.' ' Yes — yes, of course. Do you not think I shall want your letters, Hugh? You must write me loner, long ones— about everything you do and think and wish and hope for.' They had now reached the avenue of lime trees and had sat down on the grassy b.mk beside the big stein of one of them where they might bo long unobserved by any passers-by. ' Your letters will be a foretaste of heaven to me, Margaret. Meanwhile, will you wear this for my sake ':' Ho drew from his waist coat pocket a ring; and asked her to take off her glove, when he placed upon her engagement finger an old-fashioned brilliant ring of the Marquise shape. 'Stay, dear !'' he exclaimed. ' I must show you the inscription inside. He withdrew the ring, and taking it from him sho read the words sempre I'islefsa. ?' It is a curious ring and a beautiful one. I wish you hae! not drawn it oli again, Hugh : it is not a good omen.' 'Do not trouble yourself on that score, sweetheart; nothing 1 give you can bring you evil. Margaret, I have worn that ring round mv neck since I was about IS. It was left for me by my mother when sho left me. ' 'Do not speak of her, Hugh. I could never torgive her for desertion of you.' 'God only knows what straits she may have been in !'' 'No, nothing can excuse it, Huch dear. And now you must wear this for my sake,' the resumed. 'It is the only suitable thing I have to (five you. The seal ring of my late uncle — maybu the omen that you are to rule in his place. Hugh, dear, it must be growing late — we must go on to the house.' 'Oh, God ! how sha 1 I say good-bye?' he exclaimed as if to himself, They rose and slowly paced along till they camo very near the semicircular lawn on which the avenue de bouched. ' You had better not come any further,' said Margaret. ' i hate to conceal my cn Rapcmeut with you, but I cannot face the irri tation o!explainmgto nsy aunt now— and as you must go away it would do us no good. And you say Lady tttapylton was very kind?' 'Jnhniloly kind and sympathetic. ~fo\i may trust her, I am huve. What I no further? Must I stop here?'1 ' I am afraid you must.' 'One last kiss, my darling— my queen— my all .' A long kiss— as long as— I like '.' 'I love you, and I shall always love you,' murmured Margaret brokenly, throwing hcraclf ! into his arms and giving herself vo the long ! impassioned embrace in which ho wrapped her j while sho felt thu wild throbbing of his heart ! against her breast. At last he released her and gazed almost alarmed at her pallid face, her ^quiveri'.ij lips, her sweet woful eyes. Agniti and iiguiu he repeated liis fnrcivell kiss till she took courage to dismiss him. 'You must go now, let us not look ata each either ' again — or we shall not be. able to part. Go— ' my dear lovu !' j 'God be with you, sweetheart.' I To Margaret's relief Lady Hazelhurst was 1 out, so she escaped to her room and had time to compose lierself before appearing in the : diuing- room. | Fortunately, the county member and his ; wife, with Mr. and Mrs. Harrington Everaid 1 and a very High Ci;urch curate of pronounced ' Conservative proclivities, eiiiiet! ;it the- Court j that day, and the buy./, or pu]itic:il talk ; dheited attention hum hr-r pule, wan i.\e.e and abaon t manner. Never through ali tiie. Cuuiiiig years cni.M Margaret forget 1!ih ni^lit which i-uceee-Ji.t-l. I The long1, long wake'ful lio';rs--lhe eie;MKTiile-. I desire to see his face, once, morn— the t-wcut I memory of his lentierntss — thu awful vuta of I three long years of separation — all this and more, racked and tortured her. At last, worn out with mental anguish, she dropped asleep— a heavy !;lec[-, which lasted lony after daybreak, When Margaret tiitcivJ the breakfast-room : next morning she w;is much later than usual, an. I felt soiiv; surprise, at finding her oxtrnincly c-jnvonticnid auiit in animate*! conversation with the stately, w.TfliU! butler. ' Ves, my l.'-dy,' he wa« ;-;uyi;!.T, 'if it wasn't fur stopping at Iii'iidlcfcham to jiave the | wli-. l-1 rci'iiireil, instead of bhuvi'.i-- in :? iotln.-r j carrinjii1, the lr:im would not have been belli;. J- ; hand Hii'l tlie accident wuuid iK.t have' occurred.' I 'Wli.it aecielfiil?'1 askej Munjui-i. e r c ? iess'.y. I 'Oh, a chciul1''.:! collision at tl.u tuy.ne.-l ? ji'.ictioK,' 0Ncl.iimci! I.arly lbzelhiuvt. 'Thfi I up train ran in'.o .a lup'^;i;;o train, and all I Kuia-.hod ''.p. Very k-w |visr-:en;;u\s were hurt, i £jiiui!y-te:l} ; Lui that yuoc lih: i.rown, vba has just had a very good appointment in India, was either dangerously hurt or killed, and carried into tho Lodge, which is, you know, quite near.' (To he continued.) 