FK3TION A MATADOR'S LOVE. Ifow " Kr. Jovkv" WoxakuLkit Caumhx ami l'Alli TIIKl'KXALTT. To-Monnow the fiesta of San I'ahlo and San Pedro is to he the occasion of a specially fine hull-fight, In the Dncnreli l'hiza do-Toros, for the benefit of the popular matador, ' RlJoyon Ji> lliirnidmia " — otherwise Jose de Garcia. For considerably mora tbnii n week, JnsG lias liccii borrowing inonoy from each mid overy one of his friends— such of them as have inonoy, that is— for the purpose of get ting up a mora than usually elaborate cos tume. After much thought he had decided oil violet, gold, and silver as bring bent suited to his rathorlight complexion and hair- Now the costume wns spread out before him nud rondy for use, save for a few finishing touches. These Aoit-i will attend to bo htm, perhaps, iMm l..uMv-i, :-iol.-,i-. ogM -d l uTimv. Dut A»ii!u. u..l:»-e 'i-oev-i v.fii «. - h:h, wm our--v!i.'.t d:li ii h- did no king whatever vvithoa; HIV or M..v. Il«\v f.-to ('<im-.il p. or little ('-iruo in- itn ; N-kv, ii -« pi :i-a-d hhu, Carini.ii would have fiu'vmd J. pr. iiy ii"dy in Hf. mud fi.v hhu to 'ivmph- on. Ami of a vc.i v. lm 1 1 . < 1 li-'-mpb"! on it . ! R iSMiglilcm Mono' < kit's' Mill urso.rts -v i:-ud Shii:;;. Ltlt Jo-6 «»:» very m-'f if !i .» i«. i<\- he sal st.rin-. <1 hi- 5sMu if-.il jm-uiui- ;-.n<l thin iug of G :;iii» l» ILm Iw.Rv Ik- hud d h.fi- from the find 1 limn -tie o-o h-—i uiy — ».«vm or his frioiid l-'iiriipi", (he pl-s-ior. T»i< n ll-i-v yvere lighiing ill o « «f ibe Daojim provinces, where H.» re vere inaitv >-r< !tv ii rl.-:, of whom Carui- n. tb:i!t ') v i-v -h- and i:o!d, w.ia the prel'b-l ofsll. J > tV : !'r c.iiv-'d -'.oni'tdlv vh.u hn ra- in inK-'t"! Imw Minium- bed I .vmI her. " C-.OMmba--th- f. ol. a - Pi lull! -I w'-.mail 1 1 did Midi v.t--, » vivo him the d <ggr»." .In h.'.d "pL-.n him the dajwr" one 1\. 'in-i'u! 11.-, its i.i'-lit, nf'cr ilio corrida lie tm-'.j, v.! i n ?lii- Id ">d or men \v».s heated iiinl '-iin-d n» ijn:« l;lv ufn»r m-ny copltns of fln-fi'-r- r <1 DiiMjiie wi <e. On .neetMi'it of Cimii.m of e .in-J . !|..w it Impp.-nml : Fired by Cannon's iudilVL-ivno'.', p'-rluips iiUii by I'oi fii'1 (hat sb" mu.- the fiwe.itlicurt of ids rrirod. Jo-i- hud been making love to h'-r "v.lli nil bis might and main, meeting in in pou.'. ' itidiiTeroni-e and disdain. So thai, his fiery lhvuue blood fully up, ,1os6 swore that she should love him and that he would take her away from F,m-!que, even though lie perished hi tho iufierno for it.- To pay her out for her coldness to him. the most popular matador In Spain, lie would make her lovo him, even as women had dono before now, and Enriquu wonhl drop her. Then ho, too, would scorir anil leave her. And servo her right I That utiy woman should dure treat him, Jnst'< de Garcia, with indllTurcneo I It was not difficult to arouse Fmi-iqun's sus picion. A fow red roses, a crimson panuelu, a gold ring, first openly displays il by Jo->A .among Ids citnfhtn friends mid then left anonymously at Carmen's home, did (he work. Poor Carmen never knew. She was wsnk- big indutdriotiKly, day after day, sewing and embroidering on what she thought would he her hridni gnnnonlii. For Enrique had asked her father, and her father had said "yes." And tho marriage was to tnko place Mora the matadors went away from Santa Mill-la do Discny. Of course sho knew that something was wrong with Enrique ; never giving Josu a thought, beyond linger at his impertinence, tho could not understand what was the mutter. Did T.u'm women am qsi-d to heat end cold — they accept nuih things uncomplainingly, mid id! i hey can dn Is lo steal away to noiuu little chapel and pray that the Virgin, who understand the hearts of women, may make all right again. Late one evening, when Cnrmi-n was in tho clmpcl saying her rosnrio, Enrique stole In her homo and watelu d sienitliiiy from tho rose thickets. . lie did not hoc Carmen, though hu know' shu must lie there. Dut lie did see JosA swagger down the lane and wall outside Car illon's window, with red roses hi his hands. That was enough I Then he went back to tho village mid drank quietly, steadily, until when, Moat night Joso' cume warbling a Spanish love-song, with a red rase on his hvcust. En riquu Hung his wine into tho matador's face and screamed furiously : " Sin vergiumzn I fsidron ! " There wore cries of rage ; tho crashing of glasses, us tables and chairs wcro knocked over; tho Hash of a quick dagger I and heav ing, limiting groans n- Enrique fell dying un der tho feat of his boyhood's friend. Josfi had to licet from Santa Maria, secretly, in tho night. And Carmen went with him, AVUh the cunning of tho dlublo himself, it had been icpio eiitcd to her by bribod friends that fit" quarrel and fight w«re over another woman mid that JnsA had been defending her own rights us the betrothed of Enrique. After Hint It was plain tailing for Jo<6\. Carmen went with him to Madrid, and, as ho was just the type of a nmn to inspire wild, unreasoning, unthinking lovo in a woman, Otirnien's lovo for him grew day by day until she came to feci nothing ulsu no other thought entered her mind lmt Josu Jos/. l'hora days in Madrid, before he had ceased to care for her! Even now, Jose could not remember them without a tingling of the hlooil. For no woman had ever loved him na Cannon had. In w many, in nil ways she had proved it — the timo whuu tio was badly gored in tho San ' Sebaslinn bull-ring, and thuy thought ho might die. ' He wondered now, with a smnll thrill of ummcd. gratilhsl vanity, if Carmen had over rested for one moment during tlm weeks Hint the wound had so tried' him. In the imunenta of tho wnrt pain, she had never stirred from his side ; holding him close, and soothing him with all «»v n-iimu- luvtiwoniH a rqinniim moiner lavishes on horliltlo one, sho had tried to help him to hoar it and douhtlesa bad suffered fnr more than he. And when he was getting bettor, how had alto managed to provhlo the ; delicious food that -she brought him every day?-- because ho had saved no money—trust a matador for that. Sho must havo pawned every gurmont and bit of jewellery that she ; owned. In Madrid, ho had deserted her to coma to Mexico. That was four yours ago, Some times ho rather regrettod It. Cannon hud loved him so much as to tire him, hut still sho had always been willing, nay, nnxious to work her fingers off for him. if ho had no inonoy, sho would got it for him, Thi ro was never a word of reproach when ho reeled homo, drunk us a lord— or a .lmlbfightov. Sho haildono all that a woman inrnriahly does do for a worthless man. And he had repaid it — yos. For tho fraction of n moment, Jnrfi was almost sorry for it nil, Now he must go out and buy something for Anita, putting her in a good humor so that sho will sow the rosottos on his trajo for to morrow. Dut, alas 1 investigation of his pockets rovoats not n centavo, not even tho ghost of n ccntnvo! And whon ho broaches I to Anita tho question of her buying and ar- 1 ranging tho rosettes, that lady jeers at him—' sho U busy, and has something bettor to db ' than wusto her fow contavos on a pauper of a torero. Thcrcforo, with curses both loud and deep, tho nngro matador porforco has to pawn his prcolous cigarcttc-caso, to obtain tho wherewithal to. pay a tailor and do the work. Tho fir-stii day of Saints Peter and 1 uul dawns clear and bright, and such «J -Jomj s friends as he meets during the morning con gratulate him on the fine weather, "so good for the fighting." and wish hint buon suor e. They aro all going, they prom se ; ond If he Mils El Diablo— the big Andnlusian hull pro- vided f-periully for -la--, who hates the Mrxienn animals — In a filling and approved manner, limy will tender Joss: a banquet, poro ni-'uh'lieo. that night ! The 1:11011111111 de Torus is packed, lx>Ui 10I and soinbrn, when Jora. in all Ins wiir-pulnl, strolls languidly through the private onlrunce, just as the trumpets have blown for tho dragging out of tho firet bull, rather Imnglingly killed by El Muchaeho. Tho latter Is not a favorite/ and tho great ring hoots and jeers athim, with mnny Room ful remarks na to his appearance, looks, manners, and ao on, with derisive lloklingsof cow-bells. Poor Muchncho! Tho band Is playing an exqulsito swinging Spanish dunzu, seeking to allay thereby tho impatience of the people, who arc shouting and stamping and calling for "EMoven! K1 Matador I" -losfi llkos to keep them waiting it makes them appreciate bftu nil (he mora when !to does arrlvo. Now, while they are stumping nud shouting and calling eagerly for him, ho to calmly smoking n big black cigar, tiurrounded by nn admiring crowd of piendores, enpendorofl, and tho tike. And not until that sumo clgnr.is smoked down to a stub docs he regrctfullo throw It awny and move toward thcinatador'H entrance to tho ring. Another loud blare of the trumpets, renewed hand-clapping, and the hand begins the "Diana" amid loud applause from the great expectant crowd, as Jose appears, his face Hushed witli pride and delight at his re ception. Flinging down his thrcc-corncrcd lint ami laying ids hands upon his breast, he hows low all around to the cheering throng. Then ono of the enpn men hands him some humlerillan, and ho tnkes his position at one side of the ring, waiting for the Spanish hull thilt he Is to handle Mono, both with Imndo- riiias and sword. Thon, with a crash, the great gates are Hung open and tho .ring men, capcadorcB, hniiderillerfts, and all. tumble hastily hack over tho hnrflcrs as, with a wild roar Hint acorns to shako the earth, the huge, umd black beast plunges out of the darkness of Ins pen into the big, sun-scorahcd ring. His great hoofs tear up iho ground ah he rages en, his red- eyes glare about him, and his furious liellowing Bounds even above tho music of the band. Jose watches Hie bcut as he fears around and around the ring, and smites wickedly. The madness, faclimtlon, of tiio fight is oil him; his blood races in quick spurts through his veins ; with tightcr grip on the handerillas, he moves nearer the centre of the ring. Now the hull latches sight of him. With a loud roar, shaking and lowering his great bead, ho plunges at the -matador, hands down. It looks a near thing, one can almost see the great, curving horns pass through and through tho motionless man ; but, by a hairs breadth, they sweep by. Another wicked bellow from tho bull us he stamps and paws and rages, and Josd Is at a safe distance, smiting triumphantly as the crowd hursts into wild applause over the heauly of his stroke. For the gay rcd-nnd-ycllnw-lmrhcd instru ments stand out with almost mathematical precision from the hugo -black . bulk of the toro. A fine stroke, indeed ! Three times uro tho handerillas put in, and hull is in a passion of wild fury, rngo and agony combined. Winded hy the dust, and the blood that is pouring down from his torn quivering neck and shoulders, bellowing with pain, panting, pawing, and tearing at the ground, ho is nevertheless foiled in his every attempt to get at his tormentor, who is iimukiniriimt torlurinif him with Haniiiinr red cloths and derisive, jeering motions. Dut enough of tho handorillus— now for. the sword wors. With a mulling nod, the matador accepts tho sword that is hastily hauded him from behind a harrier, and sheathing it in his Rutin clonk, leaps forward to avoid the rush of (he hull as he comes madly on, head down, evidently realising what tho sword is for. Gliargo after ohargo is made, and nvoided hy the matador, who has never in nil his had life fought with the superb skill and beauty of now. The audience is tmchivntcd. From hoarse, hysterical screams if joy and appluu r accompanied h? .drawers of dnlhirHuml pur.-cs and flowers from tho linntitifiil women in tho boxes, the throng. has now >asscd into absolute silence, breathless, watching every movement, puralyacd with delight at the magnificent struggle below between well- matched Hpunish mntndor and Spanish bull. Dut at lust tho matador sees that the hull is exhausted ; hu imint kill — the play cannot Im4 longer. Willi u, quick movement to one side, he poises himself on tiptoo to give the death-cut in his own peculiar manner— the cut thnt 1ms made him famous. As ho lifts tho gleaming blade, like a flash there comes to him tho thought of the old Spanish corral in Ihireehmn where ho had learned and practised that stroke, with Enrique and other Spanish mucimoluK applauding from the walls, even us this Mexican and peon assembly are applauding him now. Door Enriquu! A suporstitioiH feeling of remorse had hurdly time lo pass over his murderer before tho hull Is plunging on In another mad rush, quivering with rngo, eyes mid head covered with blood, and flinging out great ileclcB of foam as ho charges. Tho matador leaps forward and poises' the sword on a straight lino with tho heaving, torn. neck of tho Mill; hu sous with delight thnt it will just touch -the vital point, nnd stnilclt, thinking that it will bo tlra ch- anosi cut he lias over given In the ring— lira bull will dlu in two seconds In that very moment, hi less thnn the twinkling of un oyo, there cnmqs thrilling to him, freezing tho smile on hislipsutid making hhn shake and quiver with fear, oven as docs Hie great animal now almost upon him, tho'souiid of u voice, higli-pllehcd, revenge ful, sweet with tho southern Basque, accent: H " Sin vorguenza I Lndron I " iiuiuyhwi wmi mar aim superstition, almost looking for tho murdered Enrique to appear, tho matador stands motionless, unahlo lo move or defend himself. Before tho pcoplo can realise that some thing Ib wrong, tho hull, with triumphant liellowing, is trampling under him a limp nnd reddened mass of violet and gloaming gold and silver. Men and women hud children urojmrslng and fainting and weep- lug— but to no avail, tho nmindor Jos6 will give no mora doath-thrusts. When tho poor, trampled dead hody is reverently curried out, later, u woman inter- copts the honrors. Shu Is Spanish, dark and bouutiful, and very calm ami still. Shu tells them simply that the matador was her hus band— she will go with them. Composed, with trampled body straight ened and shrowded, tiio matador Josu lies, sovon hours later, crowdud over with flowers and summnded by caudles. And huddled against tho lied, n tiny Spanish dagger buried up to its hilt just below her soft throat, the same woman is lying. No ono kumva who she is or whom she came from. That sho is , Spanish, they know from the Toledo dagger, and tho blnc-htnck of her hair, nnd that her namn is Carmen thnv learn from the engraving of tho ono ring that sho wears— a present from JosA after boating her for the first time, fn Madrid. That ik all they over know I 