THE PEDDLERS' PACK. " Italat » wty pleasant atorp," Mid tha landlord of the Long Pack,! " but I {ike to tall itstmetlmea jost to remltjd myself thst Me wont thing a man can hate in this world is a hot, obstinate temper. ' . "Yousee, [ came to M* eoaataoouafter the gold ferar broke oat aadfeeMlsil down in the Santa Barbara valley, belo^ here, ranching, I. was a widower even then, and bad brought with me fnm tbeBtstesmy ooty'ehitd, a daoithtsr past 17. Bhe wasa prtitty gW, it I do say it. aad being as good ss prettyjytn can imagino 1 was quite wrapped up in tier. >Of course, I Kak anxious to kr-ep ber with mo, and if not tils'. Lt least 1 locked for ber to do something better than fall in love with a pad it lot." 'And did she." - - --- 1 Yes. Yon ace, in those dsys the county wss fall of yonng fellows who had ttrnek out for themselves and were trying to get a start bj carrying kniekkcacks around from one ruining camp to anjUier. Soma of them were lively oh ape enough and well eUucated,but I was fn tli from the Btatee,wlth all tbe eastern prejnd:ou, and It almoit drove me wild when Nellie told me the wanted to marry a young follow who brought his pack through Oar diateiot a good deal oftener than the tradu aoemod lo require, f wss a hot tampered fool lo those dsys, so 1 stormed, threatened, .locked Nellie up far o weekend srnt werd to ber lover that I had loaded my gun for wild eats and peddlae." 1 "What did Kollo do?" - r< " Ton might have gataaed it. One dsy when I eame bade from a oattfe ssle tbe was nuwing. I disred her a oonptaof dayp, bot they bad takrn to the woods, and It was of no uae. After awhile 1 get a letter from Frisco, and I wroto back asying that I had disowned hpr, icd that he bad better keep out of the ranged my r i f l e . " - ' What did yen do tfcra f* •• Boffcred, mi>tv, Just aefforsd. I knew I was wrong, but I'd havb died ssthar than give in. For fiveyears I lived like a toad in a rock, hating the whole wttlll. All tbe iJeasuro I had was in wstcbing for prddlets. The imnlitf I chrsed oE tbe raoeh during I lilt time weull .Btoaikl. yeo. ar gi -». "One evmirig after a (eniblstalnatorma peddler oama to my torn and aaked far a sbelb-r f< r Un ulgbt. He wss atWn, wuklooking fe*low, witll his face oorraed with a huge, ragged braid. Ha carried ao his back an enotmoual|- loag and Lawy piqk and anmed so 1-xhauited witb-bja tramp tjirongh the mire that I hadn't (be heart te do more tha a ordor him off the plana." i- '— ^ " Thst was pn-tty haid^aald the listener. " I suppose it wss. The prddler seemed sll broke op when be fouud 1 wonldu't even gire him a bfach of straw ia the stabis, and no other lli use within twelve mil«a. Iestead of ooir.plaining, hewever, he meiely begged that I weald let hlv leave his psek, which he said ooutaincd gsods of vsloe, oadtr iLaltw from tbo rein. I Anally courenteA to this. So, ss I hall swum none of hie trede should ewr cro^s my threshold, ! carried'hisfsrklisiJr, While ila owner limpo4 off to crawl aoder lome £teh or other." - * " Didnt you fsel mean f " Yi-a, mean sad bitter at the tame tim', for something shout the maB remimled me of Nellio'sbusbabda Httle. However, I locked and barred all the doors aad wisdoa s as usual, for Boms road sgeats had been "if oud those parts about that time aad bad t-tfrpped and robbed reveral rancher*, and, aa 1 told you, 1 was all alone. Bomebow 1 ooaldnt go to slorp when after that 1 went to bed. Alter toasiag around for awhile I got op and sat by the fire, brooding over my tiouble end trylog not to thick of the poor ehep shivering out there in the arid end rain somewhere, , I looked at his pack sitting up in tbe room and wondered what made it ao long. " As 1 watched it, I Fancied I saw it more, •• Saw it move t" - - " Bisctly. I wouldn't believe my own eyes at flrat,but after wstcbing intently for awhile 1 distinctly saw the front of a haod pressed against the csnvas from tho inside. Likeaflaeh then I understood the whole thing. The peddler was one ot the road agrata' gang, and, knowing I bad considerable mwey about the bouse, tbey had adopted that plan for smuggling oao of their crew inside the boose. Alter 1 bad gone tu sleep the fellow inside oonld let in the rest and finishthe job, I walked quietly aoross the room, took my gun from tbe antler*, kneltdewna few fret from tbe pack, aimed squan in tbe crabre and palled tbe trigger," •'Go on," murmured tbe listener, with a shudder. . " Bnt tbe gun didn't go off," continued tbe landlord, clearing his throat. " Tfcu nipple was ruat-y and wouldn't work, so I laid down the rile and got an axe from the kitaLen. It had been newly ground that dsy, and when I lifted ii over my head 1 ceuutod upon cleaving that psek, robber and ail, clear to the ground. J uat aa I raised tin ax aad biaetd myaelf for the blow I saw a ghost.'' " A ghost t • "Yes,slr, Tha pack opened, and I saw stick- ing out of its top tbo euriy yellow bair of my Nellie when aba was a little tot of 4. Tlie shook stsggend me so that 1 sank on my knees. I wiped my syce and wosdwed if I bad not gore crny. I was almost otrtaiu of it when the ghost stretched out a pair of dabby white anna and mid i " ' Hew do, grandpa T' m Ah," said tbo guest, with a relieved sigh. " 1 begin to see. Aud what did you do then f " " I don't exuctly know," said the laudlord, softly, "but il then Is anything that will bend a stiff, stubborn neck quicker than the arms ot a little child, I'd like to know what it is. I put the lirud little prisoner dovn by the fire, oper-ed tbe door and held out my arena." " And the mother ? " v " Yea," nodded tbe laudlord. " Tbey ran both there, and, mister, 1 guess that's tbe end of o y story." And the old man wiped bia *yt». You mast exouse me,bot that was a wet evening, snd somehow I haven't got quite diy eiuDc.** 