FACTS AND OTHER LIES, j By Bungarra. A REAL XXXMAS STORY. ? The editor, that superfluous adjunct io ; a paper, but who jet has his ovm peculiar í functions in the conduct of aü'airs, like ! the big drum in a Salvation Army re ; rival, the awful example in a temperance ¡ push, cr the vemicular appendix in the human body, has conjured ''Eningarra" : to drop Darwin, Mose», Religion, and all that class of fellow, and send in a real seasonable Xmas story, with holly in it, decorated with yule-iogs, and ghosts, and baronial mansions, and knights in armor, and the chill, bleak blast that whistled through their whiskers, and em- bellished with the weird mysticism of the good old times when Baron Reginald de Snooks got out before breakfast and har- ried the castellated rookery of his neigh- bor, Lord Frillanairs, carried oS his cattle, massacred hi3 Chinese cook, poured kerosene over bia wife and daughters and set fire to them, and soaked himself generally in the bleed of his hated rival, retiring to breakfast with the conscious serenity of a deed well done, and the son and heir of his neighbor spitted on the end of a pike- staff. Let us proceed at once. All aboard! * . * * * * It was winter in the North Countree, cold, biting, and hard; the hedgerows shook their heads, heavy with their mantle of snow in the bleak evening air. The shades of night were falling fast (Excelsior), and so was the thermometer, when a lone horseman on footbáck might have been seen slowly wending his way' on his bike in the burning rays of the tropical sun over the frozen marshes to the vast castellated pile that loomed ahead on the distant horizon. Stooping, he picked up some of the aforeshades that had fallen, and wrapped them round his shivering frame, ever and anon rubbing the aristocratic lines of his classic pro- boscis with a fresh-culled snowball, to avoid a possible frost-bite. In his hand á long staff, in his hat the scalloped shell thai; denoted the pilgrim returned from his long crusade to the holy shrine-a journey even more arduous and slow in those days than a trip from Perth to Subiaco is in ours. The absence of any hair on his head denoted the fact "that the pilgrim himself had, like his shell, been scalloped by the Indians en route. He was happy in the odor of sanctity and assorted vermin that clothed him, dirt and holiness being closely associated in those good old times. ***** Within the moated security of the castle a far different scene was being enacted. In the vast banquet-hall great fires burn- ed bright, pine torches flared round the walls, shedding radiance and resin on the rush strewn noor, and a long table spread with seasonable luxuries lost it- self away down in the gloom under the deep arches. On a raised dais sat Regi- nald de Snooks, Lord of the Manor, in an enormous chair that scarce held his huge proportions. Dark eyes gleamed beneath bushy eyebrows, under a fore- head seamed with the mental storms and passions of 60 long years ot sin. Iron- grey mustachios twirled fiercely over the peaked beard, and concealed a mouth cruel and shapeless as a rip in a flour sack One goblet of fiery Flemish wine was in his hand, 15 more of the same were stowed away in the receeses of his capacious stomach. Below the salt sat in lazy attitudes the lord's re- tainers, a picturesque lot of blood-thirsty brigands, whose life,' like their toaster's, was spent chiefly in drink, crime, blood and guzzling, with prayers «n Sunday, pillage on Monday, blasphemy, fighting, and other occupations suitable to a knight with a lineage as long as the Fremantle jetty all tb* week. ***** The steady tramp of the sentinel on the battlements over the barbican echoed through the ball like mud splashes from the buckets of a steam-dredge, as he gazed over to where the willy-willy faded away between the leaden sky and the snow-covered moorland for possible wayfarers. Suddenly from the sentry stand came a voice. "Sail, oh!" '.Where awayf' roared the baron be- low. "Three points on the weather bow, looks like a pilgrim." "Ah, ha, my merry men ail, now for some Christmas fare. Prepare quickly to receive guests as befits the proudest scion of an ancient race." He blew out his remaining lung, smote his stuffed doublet, and twirled his mustachios, while his retainers disappeared to make preparations of a suitable nature. r * * * * * Presentlv the stranger arrived below the frowning portcullis, blew the horn hung there to give timely warning, ran j over his beads and waited. ! * * * * * I A vast hairy-head was thrust out of the small window overhead,' Who seeks ¡ admission at the stronghold of tke¡ Great de Snooks?" j * * * * * , ^A pilgrim, foot-sore and weary. j "Art thirsty?" j "Aye, and hungry to boot." \ "Receive then liquid sustenance." It was the Baron who spoke as, ladling up a dipper-full of molten lead from the cauldron at his side, he closed one eye, took careful aim and poured it steadily down on to the bald pate of the pilgrim below. "The solids also," sang out the chief of the guard as he dislodged a ton of stone from the battlements with deadly aim and smoke the visitor hip and thigh. Meanwhile a well-thrown lasso had encircled his neck, and he sra» yanked violently upward, and left dangling in mid-air. The wicked Bar- ona deep guffaw echoed through, the vaulted chamber as he called for a cup of sack, and lay back chuckling in the banquetting-halL * *? * * The next visitor to tue ancestral walls ] of the De Snooks was a belted knight in armer. He was made wel- come at once, and ushered inj tc the table, and offered good cheer. | De Snook's eye t\vinklcd. He knew his guest and recollected a certain dungeon i in the visitor's castle where he had once been confined for cattlc-duffincr. and had sundry teeth drawn. Concealing Iiis animus, however, he approached his j guest and challenged him to a toast. ] The goblet rose to willing lips, a sign was given, a pajje-boy knelt behind the guest, a push, a crash, and he measured his length on the floor. '"A can-opener, ye minions!" shrieked De Snooks. It was brought, and the j fallen knight's armour was opened it | front like a tin of jam. Gunpowder wat poured into the cavity, and it was closed up again. Of course, gunpowder was not invented just then, but history with- out anachronism is nothing worth. A long train was laid, the match was ap-j plied, and while all parties hid behind j the numerous pillars that supported the I groined roof, with a fcerriiio burst of clattering steel, the stranger knight ex- ploded, and scattered himself in dis- integrated fîiimi.-a of meat, duds, and metal over the surface of the hall, rattl- ing against the walls and spattering the eatables on the great table with streaks of blackened ber-lud. * * * * The diabolical chuckle of De Snooks chortled over the wreckage as brooms and spoons and buckets were brought, and the fragments of the last visitor were shot out into the moot-. Midnight approached. The ancestral ghost walked once each year, on Christmas eve, and Regi- nald de Snooks, with 80 pounds of steam pressure on his wine-inflated boiler, awaited its coming with an air of de- fiance and alcohol. The great clock" in the belfry-tower would have struck mid- night if there had been any clock or any belfry-tower to strike anything, but, as both were only erected three hundred years later, the incident is merely intro- duced to give local color. Without warning, the lights nickered and burned low, a smell of sulphur and burnt cork pervaded the room, in defiance of which De Snooks upset a tin of insectibane on a platter and fired it, remarking, 'Til bust up his sense of smell anyhow." A rattling of chains followed, on which De Snooks dumped some pewter mugs in tho soup- tureen and set two retainers to rattle it well, muttering, "If he wants a racket, Til meet bim- half-way." * * * * * Out of the fumes and smoke there arose a ghostly, intangible shape of the armored sire of the first original De Snooks, who had come over with Bill the Conqueror in a canal barge years before. The vizor was raised, and the hollow orbs gleamed with all the bril- liancy of a slush lamp in a fog. j * * * * "Knowest thou me?" carae a hollow, vacant voice from fleshless chaps. "What, Bill, old soi! What-cher, hearty? Ho! minions, a cup of best Usher's for his spectral nibs.'' ' Chaff not ; I come to warn thee, base j joker." De Snooks muttered to himself some- thing about laying ghosts quicker than laying eggs, moved his chair smartly to one side, and disclosed a loaded Gatling gun, hitherto concealed. Then order- ing the attendant to ""aim low and lay 'em out," he placed his fingers in his ears while the roar of artillery re- verberated through the chamber,myriads of ballets spattered themselves against ¡ the walls, and disembowelled a few score of retainers lying around "promiscua" under the fumes of strong waters. "¿ "Excuse me," remarked the ghos&gHRL; a smile, *" you interrupt the threadf^ m* argument." * * * * " ? i*- :< . De Snooks apologised. Itwasa£raçei dent, he said, and, to prove his sin- cerity, drew his rapier and disembowel- led the artilleryman. The conversation proceeded awhile, when from a trapdoor overhead great globs of kerosene-soaked cotton all adame commenced to drop all over that ghost. He brushed them off his spectral form like mosquitoes. From beneath the floor the point of a long auger, worked from below by unseen hands, commenced to bore its way up- wards right through that ghost's body. The spectre scratched the place where its stomach ought to have been, and went on blowing about the past. An attendant crept under the table, lighted some fuses, rolled several sticks of dyna- mite gently under where the ghost- was standing, and slunk away. By-and-bye there was a roar of thunder, the castle shook to its foundations, a yawning cavity gaped in the ground, and the table, with its content«, was swallowed ?up. When the clatter had subsided j somewhat the spectre smiled grimly, j and remarked, 'These little pleasantries j are doubtless well meant, and amuse me i intensely ; allow me to proceed with my Ístory." * * * * \ De Snooks yawned, his resources w¿ic ] becoming exhausted, when a happy :u i spiraiion struck bim. He proposed to I sing the ghost a comic song. Consent was granted at once, and- De Snooks ' commenced. After two verses and a chorus he brought in some original verse of his own. First a verse about a man who went in bathing while a young ladies' school came along, and a man stole his clothes. The ghost palpably wilted. De Snooks proceeded. The next" verse concerned hi« mother-in-law, and the spectre, after wrestling with his feelings, leaned heavily on the frag- ments of à- chair left over from the vari- ous mechanical' upheavals vainly ar- ranged to shift him. The third verse was all about the City Council, and ike ghost sat down on the floor and bowed bia glossy neck on his armor-plated bosom. De Snooks' eye glistened; he Eaw his chance, and started up a verse about Ralph Potts, which started things timmering. The deluge came when De Snooks introduced the Coolgardie water scheme in doggrell rhyma This was too much, and while the ghost- groaned and vanished, the great walls, battle- ments, and fortress subsided a heap oí shapeless ruins over the form of the pro- strate baron. To this da-, hundreds oí yeurs, after, the villagers dwelling round iii-.- trjot tell how on a Xmas Eve from i tho-«- old ruins a voice may be heard trickling through the battered mason- ry, and disjointed allusions io Subiaco, nine hundred stolen sovereigns, and other meaningless sentences prove thai the place is haunted by the ghost oí De ¡snooks even to this duy. 