CHAPTER XXIII. A Pistol or Ills Side—Dead. "When all the blandishments of life "are pone,; The coward fcneaks to his death, the brave j live on. Isle, more than one change had taken place at Killvcoddlcs and the district around. To begin with Jcannie Alasterton, she was a senseless bit lassie, as Scotch folk say, despite the fact that she was very pretty, or bonny, -rather, for that woril conveys tar more. Affectionate she was too, aud being a good daughter it stands to reason that she would make a good wife. She had certainly a sort of a ' notion' of Barton, though I doubt if she quite knew her own hcatt. AVhen he had gone to bid her goodbye she cried a good deal, aud although he made no love to her he kissed her perhaps more than once, just by way of comfort ing her. But it was out of sight out of mind with Jeannie, aud Barton had not been gone six months till a sporting minister from the south, paying a visit to her father's house, fairly danced away with her affections, and in a few weeks' time the happy pair were made man and wife. The next change was a death—nay, but two deaths, and the one followed fast on the heels of the other. The dear old kindly-liearted minister Gray passed away quietly in his own bed at home, to the terrible grief of poor Xucy, to say nothing of hundreds of friends he had made in life. He died upon a Wednesday, and he had preached a sermon only the Sunday before, apparently in his usual health, though some of his hearers did not fail to notice that his voice was not so strong as usual. For a month or two Incy lived with on aunt. Then came like a holt from the blue news of the sudden demise of the laird of Drumnaggit. Indeed his death bad been terribly sudden. He bad come in as usual from riding round his arable land, and gazing at his living wealth in the shape of horses, sheep, and kine, and he had dined well and heartily. Then the old maiden housekeeper had cleared the table without saying a word, for there was seldom much conversation at Drumnaggit. Next she placed the long-necked blue bottle on the table, and a single dram glass beside it, -and retired. An hour or so afterwards, hearing no stir, she peeped in. Drumnaggit was sitting by the table, his chin resting on his hand, and ap parently asleep. He was indeed asleep, but it was that last long sleep, from which he would wake again no more in this world. At the present moment, then, poor Xucy Gray had two sorrows : that for her dead father, and that for her lost lover. Months and months ago she ought to have heard from him, but no letter had come from the ship to anyone as far as could be discovered. So al ready those who had friends and rela tions in the unfortunate ship began to fear the worst, - . -s • ■ ■ . But now Drumnaggit's will was read, and it was found that ho had kept his promise, so Lucy was now heir to all the old laird's broad acres. It was a somewhat gloomy house for a young girl to take up her residence in, but nevertheless she did. The ycit first person to call upon her was Letty herself. This was indeed unexpected kindness. Letty just drove up to the hall door with her trap and beautiful ponies, care lessly throwing the reins to her gillie, and, the door being opened, boldly entered. ' Kb need for the slightest ceremony between you and me, dear,' she said, as she kissed the shy, retiring Lucy, who in every way was Letty's antithesis. ' Sit down here beside me on the sofa, child,' she continued, as if she, and not Lucy, were mistress of Drumnaggit. ' I know all your' story, all your sorrow, all vour love. Kay, you needn't blush, dear. Only men folks blush nowadays. I was once your rival though. Did poor Barton tell you ?' ; Oh, yes, Miss Johnson.' * Xonc of that, Lucv 1' ' What ' ' I'm just Letty, you dear little goosie.' And Letty patted her kindly while the tears flowed freely from Lucy's eyes. ' That is right, cry, child, you'll be better after that. Sometimes I wish I could. But, heigho! tears arc denied to me.' 'Do you love Bartie?' said Lucy, presently. • • I love Bartie! Yes, dearly.' Then she added with a smile, ' I suppose you wouldn't like to let me have him, would you? ' Oh!' cried Lucy, clasping her hands. ' I should die.' ' You mustn't think of doing anything so foolish, because if you did I should marry Barton. At present we are merely brother and sister. You are not jealous?' ' Oh, no, Letty, and it was so kind of you to call.' ' "VYell then, ring for tea, dear. How many servants have yon ?' ' Only-tlie one old maid, and she hates me.' ' Well, we'll discharge her, and I'll find you three, at least. Indeed, Lucy, child, for sake of poor Barton I must ran you for a while.' ' Bun me ?' 1 Yes; see to you ; put you up to the ropes, and all that sort of thing. Oh, I know we shall he the fastest and dearest of friends.' Low,' continued Letty after tea, which by'the way, she unhesitatingly pronounced 'poor stuff,''put on your things and drive over with me -to Kin mundie. There is cheerfulness there; in this gloomy haunt you would soon be a living ghost. But first let me discharge that sulky old Miss Seragg.' Lncv was powerless under Betty's strong will. ; Do you really think,* she began, 1 Yes, I do,' said Lucy, interrupting her. Then sbc rang the bell. 'Seragg,' she said, imperiously. 'You arc discharged. You can pack and go to morrow. My agent, Hudson, will pay j you three months' wages, and the house j will be shut up. Come, child.' They left Seragg all agape, and soon Lucy was dressed, and drove off. Barton's mother and Nellie were der lighted to sec poor Lucy. But although Letty had given her a hint not to do so, the "poor fond mother must at once launch into the subject next her heart —her dear, lost ' Iambic laddie,' whom, as she wrung her hands in grief, sho said she should never see again. Letty saw that Lucy Gray would be crying in a minute, so she came to the rescue in licr own abrupt way. 'Oh! by the way, Lucy,'she cried, 'have you seen the last new waltz? It' is such a delight. Come to the music-room. You, too, Keltic. Tra la-la. La-la-la!' And off Letty marched, singing. And all the time her own heart was, if riot breaking, pining indeed to see,the I man she loved, but who could never be hers. Just six weeks after this, Lucy and Sirs. Adair, being still at Kinmundic, cheered, constantly cheered,. by the brave-hearted Letty, news came to Killycoddles that left no doubt in the mind, of anvonc concerning' the fate of the St. Clair. But this news Letty managed for quite a long time to keep from the hearing of those most con cerned. It was this: A ship homeward bound had picked up some- distance to the cast of Cape Horn, riot only the figurehead of the St. Clair, but a portion of one of her boats. And the captain of this craft—he hiinself having been for a brief time in the tail end of the tornado—averred that no ship eouhl have lived an hour in such a fearful sea, and exposed to so tremendous whirling wind. Hudson was one of the first to get the news, and it rejoiced his heart ex ceedingly. He now saw a prospect of getting hold of that £20,000 from the ' old fool Clay,' as he called him. He drove straight to his house. ' Good news!' ho said. ' Good news, Clay! Your rival is no more!' The old man rubbed his hands with delight. 'Sow,' continued .Hudson, ' go to-day, and try to win before Letty gets the news.' The old man dressed in his best did go, ana he received his passport with an abruptness that quite took his breath away. Now, Sir llobert,' said Letty, ' I thank you heartily for the honour you would do me, and if you really love me I am sorry for you. But I have come to the conclusion that British aristocracy isn't worth shucks. 1 can't marry you. I shall be pleased to remain friends with you,. but my heart: belongs to Barton Adair. He is not mine, nor never may be, still we do. not know the future, and ' . 1 Barton is dead,' said Sir Itobert. ' The figurehead of the ship has been found. He lies quietly enough'now at the bottom of the sea.' ' Then, there my heart will lie too, Sir. Kobert, till the sea gives up its dead.' . She put her hands to her face, and for a moment or two shook and sobbed. 'Leave me now, Hobbic,' she said. ' I do not wish anyone to witness my weakness.' But had anyone seen this brave girl half an hour afterwards they could not have believed that tears could ever have dimmed her eyes. That very evening while the neigh bours were altogether in H'Flaills cosy bar parlour, toddy ladles in band, and with Hudson—somewhat elevated—in their midst, a black bearded man in a pilot jacket, and looking like a sailor, entered and sat down. ' Punch, M'Plail,' he said. 'Punch and a pipe. Punch for one, and enough for three 1' Then everyone knew him—it was Black Bob back from the States. But Hudson's heart beat strangely and uneasily, and as soon as possible he sought an interview with the fellow, whom no one had welcomed warmly, though they listened to his-yarns. The moon was rising over the shoulder of Bcnachic, its light lay soft over woodland and dell, and shimmered like new gold on the bonnie river, when Hudson and Bob stood face to face on the lonely road. Hudson was not sober, nor was Bob. 'IVhat brought you back?' This fiercely from the former. 'Easy going, matey. I returned 'cause I wanted more moDcy.' Hudson's hand stole round to his pistol pocket as if he meditated murder. Black Bob at once whipped out his little gun. - ' Sec here,' he said coolly, 1 I've got the draw on you, and I know how to shoot.' ' l'ut Tip your irons, Boh, I shan't pull. What have you done with all the uionoy I gave you'?' ' Blue'd the bloomin' lot. Another thou', Mr. Hudson, and I'll start afresh. What! you won't ?' ' Ho, I won't, you scoundrel.. I'll see you tcetotally abolished first.' ' You'll live to rue it.' Then Black Boh returned to the inn. But next morning he was early astir. Ho borrowed a horse and had ridden over to Kjumuudie before Hudson, who had a headache, was out of bed. i Black Bob saw Miss Johnson, though what passed between them may never bo known. But let me add that from that very morning .after paying his bill at MTlail's, Black Bob disappeared, and from that day to this has never been seen on Scottish soil. Peeping out of his window about nine o'clock Hudson saw Black Bob walking away from the house. He- turned ghastly pale. He knew his game was up. • ' ■ He rnng for his servant and told him to inform Miss Johnson that he did not feel well enough to come down .to break fast. • . .When the man returned he was ordered to pack his master's boxes, as he had received a letter that demanded his instant departure on business. ' I shall not be back for a .few days. I'll see Miss Johnson wlien I go down,' he added. 'Miss Johuson has gone, sir, to Aber deen, I think.' • Hudson cursed his luck. He would be watched, perhaps even apprehended at the station. lie thought no more of his boxes now. 'I'll send for those,' ho told his man. But at 12 o'clock, with a leather case across his shoulders, he mounted his horse and rode off. A sturdy horse and strong.' Audj late that night he put up at a small j country inn some miles south'of the Dee.. Next cveuing he , caught a train : at Stonehaven, and before morning alighted safe and sound iu Glasgow. He laughed low to himself as he walked quietly up the street to one of the least known temperance hotels. That same day he visited his bank and realised,: drawing out every sixpence of his ill gotten gains. • ' '. . | ' They'll have fleet steeds that follow,' he said to himself, as he stepped on board an American boat ucxt afternoon. He was strangely impatient, how ever, and stood leaning over the quarter deck bulwarks watching with tremulous eagerness every passenger that came on hoard. The ship was just hauling off when a hail came from the quay, and next moment two men without luggage rushed hurriedly across the gangway, aud finding the captain on the .bridge spoke a few words to him, and showed him a paper of an ominous blue. Hudson know what nil this meant. He hurried below to his cabin, and when the officers of the law came below they found it locked. No one had heard a sound, owing perhaps to the noise of the steam, hut when the door was hurst open Hudson was found lying on his back on the sofa witb a pistol by his side—dead. 