Tlit Light Mint Cast no $hado)Vj Carious stories aru told about the pQWerB posssiied by certain uativeB of India, who live | up among theHimalayn moontatns.' 'fhbso old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the itudy of natural law« and fortes, which the reit of the world knows nothing ftboot. Lately a derm'n professor visiUni the"adepts" as these queer Hindus are called, for the pur pose of finding out Ibe secret of :t]iejr remark able performances, Tbey treated him .rather ucurvily, but interested liim ,,-all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. Anadopt went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was bb dark as the bottom of a well. " I can't eee to read, here," said the visitor, V.ifJun.vve will have some light," «u the, ,ry»li'u»0|j.immediately (the professor wys) a' a soft, peaj)y, Ijght brightened the cave. He ,00Bld no.tjeu |i(l\eDce it came, but be nutioed that it hail one'straoge quality—It cast not the ' (tthlAtil shadow. '' This is b'6ttffy hard to believe, yet its truth 16 affirmed toy a man of vast learning and high chAracte^; Bird you1 who now read it have no reason-far donbtexeept that alt the lights you lta*»-seen-oast olmtiows. Belief or unbelief .oommpnly. ruua parallel with one'e own experi ence. ..Dr. Johnson jniffed at the account of the Litbun earthquake, yet credited tlie tale of t^s Cock Lane ghost. , , A man who has. been ill for years, and failed io find a cure) is eeeptioal when friends leir him of a medicioo w'hicli tbey believe will make him well. What elee but doubt could result from hir eipcrience! Take »u -exr ample:— In the spring of 1888/' writes oar corres pondent, "I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. 1 felt low-spirited and out .of aojta. it first :ny stomach was dtjrangei, my, appetite poor, and after eating I ha4 pain and weight ■ at the chest. I was much troubled witt wind, and frequently spat up a sour'fluid,'atso bitter bile. Liter ou I Buffered from nervooiDMa : and great depression of (pints. -I kept «p with my work, but bad always a aeoae of dis> comfort. QS and op I. continued in this Ray for. two ysara, nothing (bat I took relieving ma. At laijt I heard of Mother. Seigel's Syrap, and ' proonred a supply. After l bad taken only a few doaea I found relief i my fosd digested, and gradually ali oervotfinese left me.' Although I had no reaion at' first to feel any confi dence in Ibie medicine, never 'baring used it or wen it need, I now gladly' admit its value, and itt power over disease. Sinoe my recovery, for which • I thank. Mother Beigels Curstltt Syrup, I have been in-the best health and spirits. In the interests jaf suffering hu manity I deem it a duly to aend you this testi mony. (Signed) 0. Griffiths, • tailor and outfitter, 161, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8tb, 1193." Thiere is a deal of differance between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it ia worth. On the other hand, we hare a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and oan be found at bis address. Finally, there ia nothing inystio or magisal about Mother Seigel's Cu rati re Syrup. It acts on the theory that moat ailments are but symptoms, forms, phases of that- universal dise&ie;—indigestion and djspepsifc; it cures that, and throve 'the light of health and happiness over heaita -and homra where illness and pain had cast snob dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. ebUoft fy the sojroe from which our ays RreTmiri up, ana frotb whioft we derii our Dental M well u Our physical c&ptbilitine; If TS#M(kmI isdidbMed the body is diieuged Sufferen (torn 8ornfpla,,8uuryy, Eczema, Bid Lege, jjl^n &ud; blpo.d DUeasea, Pimplei and Sores of any kind are solicited to ci»e Olarke'l WoKld/eined Blood Mixture a (rial to test its value.* Thousands of wonderful cures have been dfeoted1 by it, Sold everywhere at 2b 0d per bottle." -Beware-•of worthless imitations and substitutes. ■ BciWey/Sefit.', 1869.—"Gentlemen, I feel it a d#ty4 oweto^ou to'exprese my gratitude for tb» great banglit.i bare derived fy taking Norton's: Camomile fills..' I applied to your Went, &Jr;,.B8U, JBjjr^ey^r the above-named Pule for wind in( the fitoinsch, from which 1 Buffered excruciating p&ih; for a length of time, having fried 'nearly every remedy preserebed, bnt without defining any benefit at all, After taking some of' yttar - valuable pllla I waa quite restored to my usual atate of health. Please give this publioity for the benefit of those who may thus be afflicted.—I am, Sirs, yours truly, Hen as Allfass.-VTo the proprietors ef NoBTON'^.CaMDMLL)! PlUA iMi'tntmnaapTHE Blood.—" We have teen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It ounoot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clqars the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on furthei to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and Bkill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it to our eabscribere and the public generally." For Scrofula. Bourvy, Eczema, Bad legs, Skin and Blood diseases, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, its effeots are marvellous. Thousands of wonderful oures bave been effeoted by it. Clarke's Blood Mixture is sold everywhere, at 2s 9d per bottle. Beware of worthless imita tions and substitutes. " The Health and Vigour of an individual depend upon the quantity and the quality of the Blood. When the tissues have been at work, there are thrown into the blood, wnte products, and if these are not eliminated but detained in the blood they influence nutrition and function and finally produce organio dis ease."— The Humanitarian. In cases of Scrofula, Sourvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and BlooU Diseases, Pimples and soree of all kinds J the effeots of Clarke'a Blood Mixture are mar vellous.. Thousand! of wonderful oures have been effected by it. Clarke's Blood Mixture is sold everywhere, at 2s 9d per bottle. Be ware of worthless imitations and substitutes. Enjot Lira.—What a truly beautiful world we lira in! We oan desire no better when in good health j but bow often do the majority of people feel like giving it up disheartened, dis couraged, and worried out with disease, when there is no oooaaion for thU feeling, Green'i August Flower will make them m free from diseases as when born. Dyspepsia and Hirer Complaint are the direct cause of eeventy-five per cent, of auoh maladies as Billiousness. In digestion, Sick Headaohe, Costiveness, Nervous Prostration; Diczinets of the Bead, Palpitation »f the Heart, and other distressing symptoms. Three doses of August Flower will prore its wonderful effeot. Bold by all Droggiste at la 6d. per bottle. Sample bottles, 9d. Try it. A Fact Wobth Knowino. -Am you suffer ing with Consumption, Coughs, Severe Cold tettied on the Ohest, Pneumonia, or a disaase of the Throat and Lungs ? If so, go to jour Druggist and get a bottle of Boaobee'i German Syrup. The people are-going wild over ita juoceii, and Druggist* all over ow country are writing us of its wonderful ourea among their customers. It has by far Ifee largest sale of, any remedy, simply because it i* of 10 much1 value in all affections of this kind. Cbronio bases quickly yield to it Druggiate recommend it and pbysi cians pressribs it. If you wiph fo trv its euperior virtue, Ret a Skniple Bottle for 6a. Large eiie bottle, 3f 6d, Three doses ViO relieve any case. Try it. 1 Advmj* to Mothers! —Are yod broken, ip your rest by ft sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth t Go at once to a chemise and get a bottle of Mrb, Winblow's 8ooTHiNa Syeop. It will relieve the poor sufferer im> mediately. It ii perfectly harmleu .and pleas-: ing to taste, it produces natural fluiet sleep, by relieving the ohild from pain and the little cherub awakes as bright as a button."' It soothes the child , it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow's Soothing syrup is sold by Medif !ne dealers everywhere, Bt Is ljd per bottle. VaLOAELE UtBOOVltuV for the HtSB.—I, your hair is turning grey or white, or falling off, use the "The Mexican Hnir Renewer," for it will poiitively rettori in ntry nut Grey or' mitt hair to its original color, without leaving' the disagreeable smell of most "Restorets. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful aa well! as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots, where the glands. are not decayed. Ask your chemist for "Tee Mexican Hair Ashewkr," sold by (^herniate and Perfumers everywhere at 3s 6d per bottle. Wholesale' Depot, 3$, Farringdon kosii, London, Kng and. Throat Affections akd Hoabbbness.—A J Differing from irritation of the throat and h<wsaiess will be agreeably surprised at the almost immediate relief Afforded by the use of " Brown's Bronobiftl Troches." These famous "'lozenges" are now sold by moBt respectable " chemists in this oountry at le H per box. "people troubled with a "hackingcough," "slight oold,"or bronchial affections, cannot tryctnem too soon, as similar troubles, if al lowed toprogress, result in serious Pulmonary and Asthmatic affeotiona. gee that the words " frown's Bronchial Troohes" are on the Government Stamp around eaoh box.—Pre pared 'by' JohK I. BbOwn 4 Sons, Boston, U;S. European depot, 33, Farringdon Road, London,-England.' . JtOSI»rtfEl-rJ?OR TBS TESTS AJfB UatiTH .—A f»w.drops of the liquid " Floriline" tpriafdeti . on A wet tooth-brush jproduoes a slfasant lather, yrhioh thoroughly cleanses the teeth from alt parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, pr&Vents; taVt&r;, stops deoay, gives to the t&th;'k'peculiar pearfy-whiteness, and delightful fragrance to the breath. It re moves all anplaasant odour arising from de cayed'teeth or tobaooo smoke. " The Fragrant FJoriliae," being composed in part of Honey and sweet herbs, is uelioious to the taste, and the a greatest toilet disopTerr of the age. Prioe ,2s, 6d of 4U Chemist^ and Perfumers. Whole pit deppf, 83., Farriagdon Bead, London, Kng 