W I L D ' EEL I NT.' HER .ESCAPADES.- ADVENTURES , AND . BITTER SORROW'S. ' BY , WILLIAM BLACK. CHATTER XXVIII.— (CONTINUED.) - : . "I did not see you come along tlio other side," lie snld. "And — and — I was thinking of you — and for n moment I Imagined my oyos had conjured up a spirit — I have heard of such things- ' ' .Ho -lind- gathered -his liopks together, nud she, seemed tO;nssumo:tliat- ho. would .accom-. pnny her, us she turned hack on the way she came." ' ; " "I . wished to see. you," slie said — nnd ho was walking with- her now — "I have 'boon trying" to. write to on;-but I -could not ox-, plain In tliatiWaj'. And of course there must be .explanations ami apologies. If the en gagement wo' jumped into or fell Into last1 night, Is- to remain " ' 1 4 "If It. Is to remain?" , he repented — but without reproach: It. was for her to "say whe ther It should remain': or not; "Then I've- got to apologise for my up; bringing," sbe continued, "and you'll bavo to. take mo for' whnt I am — a pretty bad lot. You seo, my mother Is a very fastidious .wo- inun; nnd perhaps slie lias taught mo a littlo tbo much" personal prlilo — a sort of dislike for molly-coddling — perhaps t.oven a disdain — tbiit'ono Is'sorry for, you know— but there it Isl— nil lmporfoction, .that one must apolo gise for — and It might wear off In time, who. can toll ? For don't fancy I'm a prude! Oh, no, I'm not; I'm not a sniffer; I like fun— and lots of It; only — only— — " ' t "And j'ou think I Ciumot understand?" lie: Bald to hor gently. And'someliow she knew! that lie did understand— and she was greatly comforted. . All tho same — and still with conscious color In lior chock, and with downcast oyes— she continued to make littlo stammering oxcusos for hor Independence, hor maiden- reserve and shyness — as If any such wore necessary to tills man, whoso attitude towards hor was all of mute worship, and deference, and obedj- once, and surrender, of self; and by this time tliey liad strayed . from tlie usunl \valks_ n'nd: lind coino to '.tlio upper ondiof the middle Is land, which, bore narrows Itself to a point,) cleaving, the wide current In twain. . Herb also," facing the open stretch of landscape, 'Is a wooden soat, plentifully adorned with cnrved-luttlals; and so happy did Eolin feel at having got over hor picas aud extenuations nnd established herself ou a frank and froo and sate footlug with him -that she suggested tboy. should sit down for a littlo further talk, aud howas nothing loth. Loth? It was a kind of maddening iutoxlcatlou to bo so near lior; why, as tlicy set tlioro, hor skirts very, nearly touched Ills foot; under tho soft folds of -hor sllkon.-hloiiso lie could, see tlio. quiet rise and- fall- of-lier- breathing; wliou -she, laughed It sounded so close that It almost scouted himself laughing, so quickly respon sive wns Ills sympathy -to hor every mood.' And she wns trylug to bo very kind towards hhu. - She folt secure. with- hlm.v She j was grateful thnt ho hnd so promptly;' dispelled all -her embarrassment. Aud ho listened,' and' could have gone .on listening; for tho moro thrill and delight of hor-prosenco— those two alone' together In tills groat, -.brilliant world of sky' flnd mbuutnln nnd bunging foli age. and rushing water— tho.. more physical thrill and delight iu tbo consciousness of her prosouco wns enough'. - But at Inst he said — . "Why," Eelln, you don't In the least seem to understand tlio magnitude of tbo sacri fice you aro-uinkiiig!" Yes; and It Isn't as jf you wore drawn, to it by :nny compelling nffoction or craving for. affection — for I can not believe that — I don't blind myself; It nppenrs to mo you -aro rather giving your self awny out of,a generous goodhoartodnoss — out of 'bonne camnrndcrtc' " "Ah; but you don't know," said she, smll- . Ing. again., "By what sin fell tlio nngols? Suppose I Imagine myself to bo a judge of character; and suppose I .think I foresee n groat . future for .some one;- and suppose I nin nnibltlous.onough. to . wish to share It — what then? -:And you think .you on your side arc surrendering nothing?: All, hut you are," she went on — and so musical , was her voice nnd so winning lior air. nnd expression and the varying chnrm .of her manner that ho -found It difficult to follow, 'her argument, If thoro was an argument; he was ready to agree to -anything. "But you. are," she said. "You are giving up 'A mnn's n man for a' that.' ; .' Ho was hound to protest— but It was In.no energetic, way. . "Oh, yos," slio Insisted., "."You' admitted that- the groat Declaration of Swagger didn't apply to one half of the human racep.tlion If It does not apply to one half of: the human rnco, It cannot apply to- the other. . , Do 'you see? . Are you convinced? ' For that's .what they call- logic." .. ; - - \ She wns as one gone daft; -and inllils Idle and - good-humored fashion - she ' rambled on, hardly waiting for any reply to-her .doinure and Inconsequent playfulness. - Was It to put him at his oaso — to runssuro him— to cause this association and sympathy she of fered liim as tho basis of- their- relationship to appear a simple nnd natural thing? The situation wns altogether extraordinary. Yet she scorned happy nud well content; He had not oven put Ills hand within - her. arm, as brother and sister are wont to do. Thou Into tho lienvcn of his bliss leapt a lover's easily-oxclted alarms. He. began to wonder whether she. liad divined his strong und deep nnd unconquerable- love; for hor, and recognised Its Inevitable" hopelessness; nnd lu some wild -freak of compunction had offered herself to hlin lu tills unlettered way as a kind of atouoiuont. - Ho already know that there was uo limit to tho Impulsive and unselfish generosities of this bravo lass. But If . , that wore . nil tlio , . response she could, make to. tlio". passionate yenru- lug. of- his. soul, what hope Iwould there he' for -their, married life? L'uu.qulalme.ot 1', autre qjil so lalsso almorVlt. inaj-, bo an ad mirable arrangement for a time— perhaps oven- with an .attractive touch of pathos about. It; but how loug Is It likely to endure? v ;N.o,, there was .no: cuddling . and.'. fondling between these, engaged lovers, -cvou in tills 'propitious, solitude und silence. ' She was ndvaucltig tho proposition— and her eyes wore perfectly grave— that In' every meteoro logical office throughout the country there ought to' be' established a' largo . salt water tank contnlnlug.ii live, salmon; for wliat more lufulllblo prognosllcator could there he of a change. in the- weather? But alas! the more .mention. of the salmon recalled to lifer that old Fergus would now bo nt work on tho- opposite hank ; nnd that It behoved - her to get away homo; before anyone else should question hor. Her companion- was for go ing that, way also: .' - . "It would- hardly-, ho discreet — wuulu it?" she said. "Old Fergus might wonder— mightn't he?" ' -.' " : - : And so thoy walked hack to tlio 'parting of tlielr routes— Ills that was to 'take' blur straight into the town; lifers that was to take her .across the smnU bridges 'to. "the other side;: and at this point, und with 'a light and buoyant step, slio left him.' .IVds it the pnle huntress, then, whom he bad en countered in -these woodland' wilds; 'in the mystic regions of tho.'dawn? But not: any one of the Greek- goddesses, however chaste and. fair and radiant, had thcv>mautl!ug color of this Highland girl— no; nor hor all-con- qucriug eyes, -uor h.r inerry and - derisive tongue— nor hor swinging, boyish-stride that wns carrying her so rapidly away from' him. Then the" rowan bushes, and tlie willows, and the aiders hid hor from his sight) and perhaps ho caino back to his souses; and per haps he did not. ' '. As he walked away Into the town, linos and phrases - and fragments from Maud wore slngiug themselves .through his brain— Qucon Maud In nil hor splendor — O. Mnuil wero sura of hoavon, If lowliness could save hor— and the 'like;- and lie wbb arguing, with himself, : - and . trying to iirovc to . himself . that - - there could bo no possible llkonesB' between scent and sound.. Nevertheless, wlieu - lie - was summoning up again to himself the rich, soft notes' of Wild Bella's voice — -whether she was meekly assenting, or whefher she Was openly mocking at him, or whether she vVaS lending him some of licr own high cour age In contemplating tho future — those low nud half liusbod tones of hers somehow nnd strangely scomod to" recall to liim tlie per fume of sweet-briar, just as tho rain Is cons-' lug, nnd wlion tho sunlight Is coming again Into tho warm summer air. . CHAPTER XXIX.— BRUNHJLDE. "Top o' tho morning to you, Fergus!", she called to liim, above tho din of the weir. "Why don't you howk liim out?" "I. cniina stir him," was tho answer that came back from the fisherman, who was wad ing ilqep, niul throwing a beautiful: lino., V- "It's because -j'ou don't llsli properly l't she continued, jeering at- hlin; >."Mnn: alive, do. you call that fishing! Why don't yqu haul a yard of slack under the reel— nnd shako out the Hue with the point of the rod— nnd give tlio -fly n-clinuco of working? Don't -follow -the fly round! dear, dear, that I should have to coino round to give j'ou lessons." - - \- He turned to hor.- , - « "Ay, nnd what mischief will ye -ho nf tor- this moralug?" he asked licr, with the fami liarity of nn old cronj'. . - .-."Oh, Fergus," she said, -with n -burst of candor, "I- would cut off my lioad niul lay it at your foot- if you could ouly teach -mo to throw n lino like that!" ' "'" ' '.'There's not n leddy In tho north ot Scot land will throw' n better lino than yourself, Miss Eelln," said ho— with another of tho loug Spey casts going whistling out. "Oil— oh!" she cried. "And you know what you told General Mnllock about Lily- Nollo!" . "I did not! I dUl not!" ho maintained, stub bornly. "p said she would keep- longer ut .lt, maybe. You're too Impatient; and that's all the fault I've to find with ye." ': .'"Well,' I wish you' good Inck!" she called to mm';' nud'tben ns she went on again sho snld to 'herself : "And you might wish mo good'luck In "raturn; Fergus, for I've much need "of It."' Not that 'slic wns "In any, way dejected about the future; sho was quite the reverse of that. Sho had securad-snfcty for lieraolf— oven physical safety, ; for had. sho not soon tho same' Arclilo Gllchrist tnko up the, leg of a cane bottomed chair and bo- labor a wliolo rabble of roughs into Ignomin ious flight? Moreover, It was n klnd of nlll- mice that lcft lior.so entirely untrammelled. Brunhilde; tho' warrloc mnld, could uot bavo been loft , more entirely hor own - mlstroBS. 'And for tho rest, such slnlstor./phrasos as "I gonerully gqi'whnt I 'want, don't you know,", seemed to have loss slgnlflcanco- now. . Nuy, could thoy." not ho altogothor dismissed and forgotten? " , Indeed, ns feho walked along, this pathway hotweon tlio bods of pink-gray shingle and tlio running rtvor on thc one: baud nnd on tho other tho wldo fields and tlie far shining up- InndB, one 'might liavo guessed lior to ho "foj-." Light bended she appeared to bo as well a's light hoartod; for with an Immeasur able puthos she wns reciting to herself— , . . - I wish I wore where llcliti lies; . Night and chv" on inc she cries; : , O tliat I were where Eelln lies - . On fair Klrkconncll lee. And then it 'was (the empty braincnroorlng about atiywb'orc) . \- llard (ale- that I should banished he, -And rebel called with, scorn. ; ,: For- serving of the kindest prince That ever -yet was born. , - . ' . 0 my kingl— God save my klngl— . ' . . Whatever me hcfalll . - 1 would not be in lluntly's case, . , : For: honors, lends! and all. And then 'again It was— while tlio oxen In the meadow wore staring a't her with tholr great, soft, Inquiring oyes— . tr - . - But let llicm say, or let them doe, , It's a' anc to mo: -- ' HFor he's low doon, he's in the broom . . v. That's waiting for inc: . . Availing for me,- my love,. . . . He's, waiting -for me; ' . - . For lie's low doon, lie's in the broom .r That's waiting for me. ; . Only, when sho drow, near the house, sho. had to put a. curb on lfer rodomontade; for she perceived that the blinds of lier mother's bedroom . wore still lowered; anil- what .lior scattered wits had now to concentrate them selves -upon was tho question of arranging tlic.jinost seductive breakfast ' she could frame for tho poor Invalid ; liot and strong ten,(to.begIn .with; then a fried egg, with tho yqlk, thin., and hard, ..and yet not nltogther hSrd, and 'just touched " with coyennei the white of the ogg crisp, and brown and allur ing! , wltli a 'sprinkling of gray pepper; tho garniture some sprays of water cross stooped lii j vinegar. V - Then tlioro was a 'particular kind of phlox, the extremely delicate scont of-wblch her mother was fond of; -and she thought she would go on Into tho garden to gather a few hunches; so that when she went. Into the sick room she would be carry ing" with, lier a breath of the . sweet outside air.1. „ . But she bad not gone past the laurel bushes when sho suddenly drew - up; ' she hoard'' voices,, and through tlie leaves she could sec that Morag lmd brought out n row of Boots and Bhoos to polish here in the open, wliHo old Maxwell, having delivered his con signment of. garden produce, was engaging hor'-In1 conversation. And Miss Eolin won dered ' whether tlie Mull lass would remem ber the instructions sho lind received. - ' "Aj-,1 nnd wlia ur-ye this luornln?", -Max well a'sked '.'of' Uor, Iu his Lowland tongue. "I aui thinking I am myself," the High- landsglrl- replied. -"And who else would I be, I- wonder?" "It's little yo ken!" ho answered, partly In scorn, partly In pity. "Ye'ro a pulr craj'- turo'and yo cniina understand; I've tellt yo again - and again, hut tho. doctrine of tho trnnsmotlon 'of souls is beyond yo — " "Forry well, thou," said Morag, sharply, "and If you' arc the black -murderer you say, why are you not giving yourself up and go ing to -ho hanged?'.' - ; . "AVoninu,- woman, ye caunn coinprohend.- !s It no possible, for your Intellock to com prehend?. - David Hnggart was executed at Edinburgh tlio lSth of July, 1821; ye wadna line twa men hanged for. tlio sumo crime? Aud i declare tne ye thoro was no Intent ou .niypulrt to murder onyhody. Indeed there was not. I bad-got tho hag with a.stauo lu't; I'll no deny that; hut I hit tlio jllor only wan .clowt wl't ; aud then I rushed across tho yard,' and pulled tlio dub from my cloy, anil opeued the outside door. It was dii5:s of tor. before I keut that tho Jllor was deed. .: I was hldln' in some hay ; nud I hcord a woman asking a boy If the lad that lmd- broken oot o' Dumfries jile was cutched yot;"aiid>bo snld, 'No, but tho jllor dooil last ulcht.nt'lO o'clock.' Dod, that was a fear some' thing : to- lioar; that was a: different business frac sulhblng a. Ill from a coulsh covo!s suck — . .. . v. . '.'Yes, and.whnt will all that bo?" Inquired Morag;: -.with a- supercilious air. PAjy-they dluun kon everything In Mull!" ho . retorted, .with a grim facotlousuoss. "They're no .very. gleg at thouptuk, ur tliey? It's. a wise, man- that can follow his nose; hut;.thoy : havena lonrut tlmt yet In Tober mory,, or they wouldun be aye tummolln Into .tho harbor. Oh,- they're a fine set, tho Tobermory ehlols, keopln' up the New Yen r till .tho 15th o' December, aud hoglnnlu' ugalu ou tho ICth. I hoard toll thoro wus ytneo a sober man discovered I' the streets o',Tohermory;-.but thoy dldiiu ko what to do wl', hliu, so thoy sent hint to a lunatic asylum—" . Of a sudden Morag uttered throe plorclug shrieks, and hor arm wus outstrcteliod, and hor gazo- wns fixed on some distant point heyoud thc washing groou. -"Look!. look!, look!" she cried. "It's the ghost of- the Dumfries . chllor ! It's the ghost of . the murdered mail." Now, In ordinary cold blood, old Maxwell would not have allowed himself to be do-' colvod hj- the cantrips of this Mull Idiot; but lior yells had startled liim out of Ills souses; involuntarily he wheeled . round to see what the terrible tiling was; and at tlio sumo mo ment Morag, using the only weapon sho hap pened to have hand' — which was tho hlack- lug'brusb — struck him fair and full lietwceu tho -shoulders, and thnt wltli a force that seuthlm staggering forward- on all fours. What ' happonod- next tho Mull lass did not stay.; to observe; Sho had fuldllod lior In structions; only she did not know tlmt, as she swiftly, picked up tho boots and Bhoos ,nnd,'flcd>. tor. refuge to the housekeeper's iroomnthoroiwas someone else besides herself ijylip; was :ln fits of- laughter— and that was a" young'. lady. a concealed behind some laurel hUShOBl !':; -.1- ' . The great bunches of phlox— so sweet and cool In tholr dellcnte perfume — were most welcome to the weary eyed invalid; sho enrod loss for the suggestion about, tho fried ogs and tho hot tea; slio seemed to prefer tlio dumb twilight of the blinds being down, and the gracious qulot; while her daughter's voice, as sho stole about tlio room, wns ns soft ns velvet. So the day passed somehow; and then in tho afternoon a visitor arrived, whom Eelln wont down' to receive, with apologies; for lior mother's absence. Tlio visitor, was Lord Mountniiilioii; and lie ap peared to he laboring under some sense of Injury. ' "Oh; , rqally, now,' really, really,", snld lie. "I ncvci' wus so hiully' treated In nil my life.' Do;- you- think I'd linve' gone, to-, that two- peiiny.;hnlfpouuy klck.up unless '.on; tlie uu- dorstnnding you wore to be there? Why,- everybody was saying you would -bo- the Queen ot tlio Ball 1 - Yos, and there I wns— there -I wns — waiting and watching — wait ing and watching— hut where were '- you? AVlint made tlio assembly shluo? AVell, .tho assembly didn't slilne! — notpinuchlr," Anil of course I must fall Into' tlio hands! of -that old. cat Lady Grlllosmere; and I'll'.ho liiingod If sho hasn't got fifteen thousand- nieces— ' well, to bo strictly honest and accurate, I'll take off n thousand — and I'll bo-dnslied If slio hasn't got fourteen .thousand nieces! and all of.thein have siiudy.lmlr.Mind alLof them . squint; nnd may I novcr lf I liadu'.t to dance with every "ninn-jnck of;them— "Oh, I'm so sorry, Lord'Moiintninliou," said Eolin, somewhat inappropriately; but sho did not hood much, what slio, said; sho was loss afraid now. of tho potboy-looking young man.- ' , ... .' . . : "Yes, you may well- think . that," lie 'an swered lier,.. .commiserating himself. .."All saiidy-lintrcd, all squint-eyed — twouty thou sand of tliom I hollove thero.were— and the old cat, was_ luoxorahlo— one down; ' t'other como'. on — not a uiluuto's . time for-a-clgar- ettqnud a wlilsky-nnd-soda— and.- iuo. look ing for.you nil: the time — why, of.'coursol— the Qucon of tho, Ball — tlio Queen of. the Ball, thoy said — anil I' will confess -to you thnt I did hoar my-', nnmo , coupled with yours— rather gratifying, don't you 'know— a- liappy omen— yes, '.there - wasuidrc . than one little roforoncc— "Oh, indeed,!' said Eolin, with- tho big young, -oyos staring; who had -darod -In so public li way to -mention hor name In: con junction with this -inicrocoplialousMout?- "All, never mind,", snld lie, AyltU groat satisfaction. "We'll innko up for ; it to night; hotter late than never; no crying over spilt milk, nnd that's my motto. ;'And mind you save, all tlio horn doors for mc, -. Miss Eelln " , . "But I, am not going to tho ball; to- night, Lord Mountniahon," said "she. '. . ' "Wlmt?" he exclaimed. '.'Ob, 'but that's lioiigonso; you ;. certainly- are;. I 'caffit'- bo chcatod; twice, running— everyone v mention ing names— and "forecasting, a little event. Quoou of tho-Bull, -hilt's- what you-aro going to ho; and, -we'll just ; show them!>s what - a hnru-door. Is like, when, wo; put 11 .lltlc swag luto It.- Why, hi os 3 my soul, not -going to night " "My mother Is not .well; I moan to stay at home — — " , "Stuff and nonsonso!" lio snld, -with gay good humor.:- "Your staylng.-at. liomo won't make ydur motker any- hotter. Why; what do - you suppose I'm in Invcriilsh-for? Do you - suppose . I camo ln'liore to toototuintso round Lady- Grlllosmoro's .30,000 sandy haired nieces? Why, I am supposed to bo ontortainlng a house party at Klnvnlg; and do you- imagine I don't. know what they'll ho up- to tho .moiuont my hack Is turned? But I dp know— yos I do. Off ' to tlio hill .tlicy.- go — and not one of them able.to hlt a .haystack — and tlicy maze and -blaze — iny cartridges, mind— oh, yes thoy take precious .good care of that —hundreds and., hundreds ordered out from Wntson, lu IngHs-stroot all to my account — and. tlicy blaze nud blazo— aud the kcopora driven mad— and the dogs ; demoralised— and the ground spoilt— and - at the end of the day an old grey lion of a solltnry curlew to show for the lot of 'cm. Yos, nnd netting tho pools — ah, hut I know — I'm up to tholr tricks 'f 1 "Then why do you invito people of. '.that kind ?".JMlss Eolin asked; naturally - en'ougU. (To be continued.) " 