AN INCIDENT IN THE OTWA RANGES. [BY MORLEY]. We had finisbed our frugal repast of snipe, wild pigeon, stewed rabbit and rhu bard pie (all the produce of our pres rves), and, af;er the esnck-which many a man would have made a meal off- had lit our needl-wood pipes, preparatory to discussingo the-lit rolly-burning question of fires (for they were alight north, south, east and w. st of our boldings). when a warning c'y from my mate's better half intr-rrupted the debate, and caused an instant " adjourn ment cff the house." Sure enough the n rthern conflagration, urged and guided by a light wind, was bearing directly on our dwelling, and was distant less than a mili and a half. To understand clearly what follows, pleise note that on a ve-y pretty knoll, now covered with English grasses and clover Icoking like a first rate oat crop, stands the vine-covered slab cot tage; the garden sloping to Cupid's Pool (now a puddle, sun-baked by the late fiery heat wave), and facing an alm-st perpen dicular rise of ab ut sixty feet to the old Apollo Bay track; now, thanks to utter neglect by our shire council, reduced to a bad cattle " pad." A dlance was sufficient -the danger was imminent; ladders were raised at each gable, buckets of water at each angle, a cornsack bound to a sapling, to be dipped in a water tub and applied to possible burning spots on the shingle roof; our bagged stock of grass-s.ed flung out of 'he bark-rouofed shed into a pitch of green peas, and covered up with bides; our stock of drinking spring water carefully stowed; poitmanteau emptied of clothes and fided with ieltes, papers and small valuables, to be removed as a foilorn hope to the cool shades of Readknighl's Creek-our only refuge, but the banks fall at an average gradient of 1 foot in 21 for 250 yards from the back of the cottage, or 350 yards from the crest of the ridge which divides the head waters of the Barwon and Gelli brand Rivers, and then we donned our strongest leggings and thicke:t flannel stngleta in place of linen shirts. (The household thermometer indicated 153 degrees in the sun, but bush fire fighters will understand the "lightning change" of raiment). One hasty glance around, then a footrace t) the top of the bank. The ap proaching wall of fiRe was within a mile the soir of the flames was like that of the surf at Cape Otway-was there time to rescue our (out) posts, 350 in number on the el-pe into the deep creek at our feet? The effort must be made, to throw them flit and burn the grass, scrub, and debris around was the only hope, and a wild dash to attempt its realisation resulted. Too late! Light ashes bad long been falling around u', the smoke clouds tbi ,kened, and a, sbarp crackle ai the very spot we made for, followed by blue films, rising to meet the dense dark volumes overhead, indicated that the enemy had thrown forward sharp shooters a full mile to his fron;t, and a stinging burn from ia flying fcagment of -mrnpmate bark was a token of very swift reinforcements. A hasty retreat to the ceai-ai consu tation as rapid as that of Stein-O'Brien's at" Craig-Williatrs n's " resulted. Our skeleton battalions of one man each wheeled right and left-the good house-in -th-r took pest as rear-gu ad-a wax match, a strip of dry bark, and a, hun dryd little fires arose in a line fifty 'yards north of the aforesoid cattle track, or, in the vernacular " pad." One more retro gade movement to the pad, a final brief palaver-r sul,., 'the pad to be defended at all cost! "-and the lomanawks were at work on gum asplingo fior reserve weapons ta r'eet the enemy advancing on a front a mile wide. Vaun Lope ! Two men and a vom n o meet, a foe t-j which the Steven s.'-n-S.,ro'd " bily- boiler" was as a pe' riflo to nn eighty-ton gun. No succour available- oneighbors in as bad a case as ourselves-our only line of defence a Pittle track, our weapons bags and branches, while our mighty antagonist is backed by Boreos, the rising ground for .,sack, and a log fence in our rear. Yet it must be done, or the labor of years will be swept from the face of the eirth ; and one neilect'd live cinder among the dried brush behind us, one flying fragment of '-ark in our ta I grass, one spark in our g.ase-hay stooks, and we are undone ! Th enemy presses th-" aliack, our tiny counier of "fire versus fire" has been met anti overwhelmed; the shell of a mighty guru tree, now full of flame, spouting out myriads of sparks ninety feet from earth, like a Bessemer smelting furnace, marks our centre cnu rallying point. Front and right and left roars the ,re-flame, strips of burning bark, blinding smcokl, cover the line of defence; the enemy employs all arms in developing his attack, and relent lessly the grim foe presses it. Yet the choking yell "What cheer mate,?" the horse response '': ight rp to now !" is heard above the din. Theo 'rackle of sticks branches, and scrub, sounds like '60,060 rifles; the duller roar of mighty limbs anrid trees like the " Calliope's" broadside. .(W? y do Captain Kane and his gallant engineers, 4ennie and his magnificent machinery, conie'to rninr ap'id the prosaic surroundings of a forest iiro'.' is oar danger as great, are our difficulties as deadly, as those heroically faced by the dai;ntl.as hearts that forced the war-ship out of the 1 i.n;oan death-trap ?) Listen. The combat is reaiching its xIll) t stage, the line of fire has extended on lioth flanks far beyond the limits of our counter-stroke, our freo-bags are worn out, our reserve of green boughs, tho only resource available smolce-stained, breathless, blinded, burnt. How cari' we'e fight longer ? Oh! for a cliange of wind, a suddbn thunder-shower; a mi`i att'?respito from this Inferno! Along the fireswopt 'frac?'potms the Yivandifet of our irmy carrying a large pao of likls juice and water. A mouments pause, octr plucky "comorade in petticoats" snatches the bough from grimy hands and beats away, while an all but exhausted man is revived. Coolly extinguishing her dress, which has ignited, she bravely tramps off along tho line of fire to the "left wing " on her errand of umercy. The "red sun sinks in blood,"'the narrow "''pad is coyered with ants, beetles, spiders, centipede', lizards, iguanas, and vermin generally, all unheed iug and unheeded, but forest ears are keen to a sickly rustle, even smarting eyes can sea the glistening wavy line coming to the fire-swept track almost at" our feet. 'oEnd-f6r-hnd:' with the beating bough, one crashing stroke, and ftur feet sit of tiger snake is writhins;'on'tbk :' pad." No til?o to finish it-the fire. will d. 'thmii-a warning cy- from the watzhful rearguard is heard-two hundred yar-t"?!'!nd us the foq tfs planted a battery-Lhe cricis Of the b h s come, nd all seems lost. But said at Albuira, '"Ths-e Engliseh aever know whe; they are bten4t' 'an4 even as the "left wing " faced absah , the glad cry was wafted up the slope "Shcrt grass-I can manage" and the enemy's bad choice of ground sived the reduction of the front defence. Thus the stubborn 4bght /aged with heavy " olds on the Fire," *hen th"? ind,; which hd bhen st?.d4ily dropp' n, falls calm-1 few minutes '"more, and the smok sEearm to lighten and drift no thward-yet another minute and a faint punl of cool airs fans our fevered fares, another p isss and a" gentle 'southera zephyr bends tlhe flim'6 'from ue, a lmultanebus 'yell 'of * Wigd's changed " bursts" from tai6 parchd4" tbroats, and reches thh brave wofnan battling with h'er isolated enemy in the left rear, and her ehqery resj e se "I've beate2 this" echo's bak to wecotdg d. W, Vio'y'ry lnW il. clines to the weaker side, but for bow long? The fickle wind hovers between two minds -a change back to the north, and our danger is as great as ever, the lofty trees in our front are alight to their topmost limbs-one hundred and fifty feetof tower ing mesrmates showering burning tark fragments along our whale line, have to be reckoned with-one more hief'" yabber" at the hollow gun (now reduced to half its original beight) and the "soldiers three" (not Kipling's) begin their turning onset by igniting all the unburnt patches of scrub grass and debris along the northern edge of the "pad." For three long hours amid flying embers, falling limbs, and crashing trees, this work is carried on, the moon has risen and shows a disc more ditu and lurid than did tbh long departed sun, the light wind has died away, -the moan of perishing native bears in the lofty tree-tops makes melancholy wailing amongst the smoking timber; three stray kangaroos and a brace of wal lahies, tamed by terror, flit ghost-like along the ridge, the periodical crash of falling forest giants booms out "like the distant and random gun of the enemy sullenly firing." Once more the army musters over against the one time Betssmer furnace, now a smouldering stump, to find the "gritty" Vivandiere has not forg.t on the commissariat arrangement', for hot to and a huge pi'e of sandwiches await the wearied soldiery. We look like warriors hot from bat'le- smoke-grimed, sinoed, scorched, blistered and htuntr; our arms full of thorns and prickly moses, and faces scratched by scrub and stung by nettle', even our woollen cl',this in holes sod tat'ers. No words are needle, the hearty hand- grip tells its own tale of a ten hours' (so far) harbt won b.attle But whit of the future? The giant enemy has been re pulsed and beaten; he bas fallen back, but not retreated. Hungry jaws wag greedily, '.ut the flying leaves and embers fall thickly from the trees around our camp, and our thoughts are busy with what may come. If the present lull holds we are safe for the time being, but if the light air freshens from the south, or chang s to either ea't or west, then we may have to face another of our surround. ing foes. Anxiously our aching eyes scan every point of the compass, but no imme dia'e dfnger threatens. Long neglected pipes are resurrected-no need to search fo' a light, and the fragrant to'acca gives out its welcome odor as a counterpoise to the aromatic peppermint scent of burning gums. Weary limbs are reclining on a small open space not yet invaded by ants and other pests, but an ominous crack from a gigantic gum rings clear above the les sening crackle of sticks and scrub, and we hastily vacate our haven of rest, as with a rapidly increasing "swish " through the air, followed by an ea'th-sh king roar, the majestic tree measures its length on Mother Earth, its topmost branches crashing on the spot we have just quitted, and ruining a needed bucket abandoned in our hurried departure. Neither combatant cares to quit the fighting line for the norded rest, but two-thirds of thie weary army can now retire for a season, however brief, and the toss of a battered penny (coin is scarce in the forest, but, remember, this is not a hint to the editor) decides in favor o.f tbohe grizzled veteran and his batter half, who then retire to head qu?arters, but only on the express understanding that they shall be called at tine fist sign of fresh dancer, and in any case in two hours. The younger battalion takes up the forepost duty along the forty chains of disputed " pad," but, as regards the second part of the relieving compact, "Widout the laste intintion in stickin' to his wuid," and there, in the hearty hope of a peacefat termination to his patrol and that his final report may be "ths ridge has been held," we will leave him. 