THE LAND OF THE COCOANUT OR LIFE ?N THE SOUTH SEAS. Rt G. 1. PHIPPS. (Continued.) Very few, 'h owever, succeeded as the difficulty of walking along was greatly increased by a plentiful supply of groase being applied. The natural con sequence was that a great many slipped off into the waiter, thus affording a great deal of fun and amusement. Next day we heard of a sing-song or corro boree amongst the neighbouring tribes. We therefore formed a small party, and started at a brisk walk through the bush in that direction. Arriving at the village, we found them all as sembled on a large clearing in the shape of a circle, and in the centre stood about twenty tom-toms. They; were beating these witmh sticks, while the men kept running round them, at the same time keeping up a constant singing, something I could not under stand. As long as they understood it I was quite satisfied. A better expla nation of their proceedings could not well be given than compare them to a lot of overgrown children. After this sing-song and running round had continued for some time, the old chief took a body of men with him to the village, and after the space of about 15 minutes returned, singing and dancing, into the clearing. The men followed,' bringing with them a quantity of bananas, yams, and a few pigs. After placing these on the ground, they rounded the circle a few; more times,and commenced to slaughter the pigs in a most, barbarous manner. The men lifted the pigs by the fore legs from the ground, while the women coolly stood in front belabouring the poor animals about the head till they, gave up the ghost. While the blood was spurting out of the nose the women looked as innocent and unconcerned as if they were going to a christening. We returned home with satisfaction to' myself of being able to say I had seen a corroboree, though not pleased withs it. A chance offered to send off pro. visions to Jim, so I at once availed: my self of it, though circumstances- pre vented me returning just then. Those circumstances being of a most im portant nature, I will relate them. for: the benefit of my readers. That even ing, while we were all seated at table, a little black boy, a servant in the house, came running into the room ex claiming, "Missis, some fellow he carry woman." Each one hurried to the door,. and immediately saw two sailors carry.. ing a white woman from the direction of the wharf. The woman proved to be the wife of the planter I had stayed' with while on the island of Tanna. She seemed in a very distressed con dition, but owing to the kind treatment of the planter's wife under that hospi table roof she was soon sufficiently re covered to give a full account of all \- that had transpired. Her husband, it appeared, had not been on friendly terms for some time past with a. neighbouring tribe of Tannamen. This was owing to a dispute which arose relative to the boundary of his land, which was in close proximity to their; village. He being very dictatorial at 1 all times with the Tannamen, and even threatening in his manner towards them, a bad feeling had existed for. some weeks. A council was held be tween several of the chiefs, the nature of which was kept a profound secret. It was at all events decided that they would take the life of the planter as soon as they had an opportunity of' doing so. On one occasion he had shot a pig of theirs which was trespassing,. as he declared, on his. land, and after wards went to' pay the owner for it.. 1 The man, however, denied that the pig was on his land, turned very sulky, i with the planter, and did not seem to% I care about having any dealings with t him. Now Tannamen can be particu larly nasty when they like, and when in that mood their manner is anything but pleasing. I was 'not at all surprised, therefore, to hear that the planter fired up and became so irritated that he Iknocked the man down with the butt end of his musket. This circumstance tended to make matters worse; there fore the council was held for the pur pose of considering the ways' and means of disposing of him. They would never think of shooting at this planter without making sure of their nin; he had told them this on a previous occasion; and lie further told them that if they missed him he would not miss I then. Independent of this, there were five white men on the place at the time, anti in addition to this force lhe could arm a portion of his own' labourers. ' tuis combined force would prove very, offective against the Tuannamen; but, unfortunately, at the period some were prostrated with sickness. The tribe hart no doubt heard of this sickness, and thought it a good time to carry out their designs, and as they probably, thought they would not have such another opportunity. Accordingly two chiefs and another of the tribe, "pro bably the man he had knocked down." were constantly on the watch armed with loaded muskets. The planter, not receiving the 'slightest intimation of' this, quite ,unsuspectingly went about his work as usual. One evening he came 'out of his house quite un concerned, and in the full enjoyment of health, and the fact of any lurking savage being near planning destructiom;. from what I heard, was furthest fromt his thoughts. He walked towards his cotton house, which was built 0on piles about 3ft.. from the ground, and was in the act of stooping to' look at some tanks which were under the house. The. cane fence, which was abouti six yai'ds. from the cotton house, was quite sufficient to conceal these three assassins. Keenly watching 'his movements, they crept up to this fence, and, resting their musltets on the top to make 'sure of their aim, the word was given, and two bullets entered his heart. The poor fellow sank lifelees on the spot without uttering a word. Thus ended the life of this man whose life shoulth have been recorded in the annals of history of South Sea Island fame. The most unfortunate part of it was that his poor wife was at this particular time lying in bed ill ,while her two brothers, companions of mine on my walking tours on Tanna, u-crc pros trated, and perfectly helpless, through fever and dysentery. At the report of firearms there was great excitement in the enclosure, and the sick men crawled out of their beds. The only available boat was in the enclosuro, waiting some repairs. (To be Continued.) 