Little Letty Lamington. A Story of Australian School Girls. SPECIAL, FOR 'CATHOLIC PRESS.'? ? Chapter. V.— A Stranger Within Our Gates. 'Milly— yes, please Milly, do lend it me. I don't caro if it is as old as the hills. You know that dark red one you used to wear on Saturday mornings. It would do splen didly.' .' Don't bother me now, Miss Lstty. To morrow will. bo time enough.' . 'Oh, no; can't you give it now, Milly, please. We want to get everything ready to-day.- You won't be a second running up stairs for it. There's a dear.' ' Well, well— I s'pose you must have it. Just see that the milk doesn't boil over while I'm away,' she said, making hor way up to her room. ' And an old skirt, too,'Milly— the one you said was fit for nothing but to give away to the poor,' called out Letty, very seriously, while she found the girl in good humour. ' Oh, dear ! Alias Lotty, if you're not tho cute little lady. It's likely I'd insult the poor with the likes of that. 'Twas only jokinq I was the othor day,' continued Milly, her happy, round face beaming with smiles on her return. 'Hnro, take this shawl, and would thoso old boots be any good for you ?' '?You're the best angel in the country, ; Milly. Why, they aro just tho thing for me. Now, the candle and matolios,' said Letty, carolossly, as she sproad out tho skirt and folded the smallor goods neatly in it. '«.« I must hurry away boforo anyone comos. Don't tell anyone, will you, Milly ?' she added in a whisper, turning back from tho door. ' Dopond on mo for that, Miss Lotty j but » I'm too busy now for anothor word, so run off.' 'Jon and I will slip round on Saturday and stono the fruit for the pudding.' ' No, roally, we won't forgot,' and with that Lotty throw her bundlo over the fonoo into a oorner noar tho sohoolroom to Jonny, . who put it into an old oasb and sat on it un til Letty got round to hor. Tho Suporior was oallod away from tho collego on a matter of business, which de manded hor attention,' and sho loft Miss Wright, the head assistant-toaohor, in hor ? place, and gave strict oi'dors to Miss Swartly to koop her oyos well opon. 'Not returning for a month! That's good, oh?' said Elsio, dancing with gloo about tho sohoolroom whon her frionds brought hor the nows. ' V io and Bob aro ooming out on Thurs day, and I'm not going to sond thorn off early. Twonty minutos — no wondor visitors liato ooming noar tho placo I I'll have it out, though, when tho old damo goos,' ro marked Letty, laughingly. ' Try and got down to the rooks. Wo oan't talk horo,' whispered Jonny, as a group of girls oamo into tho room. 'I'll go first, and May can go round by tho garden and Elsie and Lotty had better wait until wo got down.' 'I havo boon thinking that wo ought to play ajokootiMiss Swartly to-morrownight,' Jonny said, whon they got together again. ' All tho darkios nro in town now for their blankets and wo could easily terrify tho girls and Miss Swartly if ono of us would aotthogin.' ' Yos,' said Elsie, ontoring into the spirit of tho plan inunodiatoly. Wo ought to give up study this month, How about Lotty ? Sho'd miiko a good nigger. Hor hair would do splendidly.' ' Fino comphmont, too ! But how am I to got at it V' 'Yos Lot, swooton up Milly. She'll lend you an old blouso and skirt, and we'll manage tho rest.' , ' But they'll drop down to it if wo don't try and find somo oxouso for Lotty's absonoo whon tho gin oomos along,' Baid May Marlow. Tho first question will be 'Whoro'B Lotty V' 'I'll toll you what I will do. Say I've got a very bad head on Wednoaday morning, and I won't havo any breakfast or loarn any ??)' i lessons, and one of you can ask if I may go upstairs and rest,' suggested Letty, after a pause. 'That won't work, Let. No ( one would' believe that. You look. anything but pale.' ' What will you bet me Elsie ? I'll soon ? make them believe mo. May has a good black crayon, or even that old kid stump would do. Where is it, May ?' ' I've got it in my pocket.' 'Good! Give it me and I'll show you what to do. Look, Jon ! I'll try it on May. Just tho faintest sign of black under tho eyes. Rub it in well, but don't put it on thickly. We want it to look a kind of blue, you know.' 'See, couldn't May sham a headaohe now?' sho asked looking round at the others when the operation was finished. The loud laughter nearly put' an end to tho rocks, for not far distant some of the teachors woro walking about; and had they not boon so deeply interested in conversa- ' tion, they surely would havo detected the ' group. As soon Lotty secured the cook's old clothes, and on Wednesday morning she roso as usual at tho regular hour and ' went to her early practice with tho othors. Jonny was only in the next room and as soon as all tho pianos were going Letty put hor head through tho partly openod door, and callod her to porf orm the first part of tho 'doing up 'before tho hall stand. At last after much fright and peeping along the hall tho blue marks wore completed, and Letty hung her eyolids and appoared c;lum and spiritless. At broakfast she didn't want anything, and said she would rather not havo any porridge. In tho schoolroom all she diet was to hold her head in hor hands, and Miss Swartly was sur prised at tho sudden change in her manner and readily allowed hor to go upstairs and; rest for tho day. , 'Only yesterday we were saying how bright and strong sho was,' 'remarked M'iss Swartly to tho teaohor in ohargo. ' Toll thorn nob to bring up anything to me for dinnor, Jen,' said Letty as they . 'parted at tho door of tho dormitory. In tho ovoning beforo study Elsio was allowed to run up and soe if Lotty was any bettor, and sho hastily roturnod saying that sho was asloop. Everybody looked dismal for tho merry voioo was already missod. Jonny was vory slow about her exoroiso and she didn't got finishod at tho proper time, but was pormittod to go back to tho sohoolroom after tea to oomplote it, while tho othor girls aocompaniod Tby Miss Swartly went out on tho lawn for rooroation. Tho night was a glorious ono — oloar, still and beautiful. Aftor playing for a time thoy all gathorod round MJbs Swartly to listen to hor telling yarns about her sohooldays. The same events wero repeated overy time sho had them for recreation, and if they didn't laugh whon sho thought a funny part came in, or if they happened to laugh at tho wrong time, sho todk offence, and the evening ended in a looturo. But this night a fooling of relief oamo over thorn whon they saw Miss Harrington and Jonny coming down for rooroation. 'A ghost story ploaso, Miss Harrington. Ah 1 yes, do toll us ono,' a numbor of voices oallod out suddenly, while tho littlo ones almost fought for a plaoo noar hor. It would bo hard to say what it was that attracted ovoryono in tho school towards Mias Har rington. On tho whole sho had a kind, pleasant face, and sho was ovor roady to join in tho gamos ; no niattor how simple Sometimes you would hoar Kittio Oonnore — a tiny blondo not higher than tho tablo remark, 'Sho is a lovo' — to which ono of hor littlo frionds would add, 'Hasn't sho got a tiny mouth — and oh — hor hair. It's so black and glossy. I think it is longer than mama's.' Miss Harrington had such a stook of ghost storioH, and she told them so eloquently that she was regarded by the little ones of Briarbank as a being of wonderful know ledge. Jenny sat on a block of wood near Miss Swartly to listen to the story, and she could feel Kittie stealing down by her side, and holding her arm.as the ghosts began to appear. Everyone was interested, even Miss Swartly, but sadly enough her thoughts were drifted nearer home before many stories were told, by the appearance of a bent figure making way from the entrance gate along the' white gravel down to them. 'I wonder who is it?' she said to herself, not caring to interrupt the others. But as the figure approached, she remarked to Miss Harrington, 'Ib this Charley coming ?' 'It doesn't look like him,' was all Miss Harrington could say before the gin came up and said fiercely : , 'Me want some bread. You give me some. Plenty blackfellah along a gate !' Adele made a frightful scene, screaming and hiding behind Miss Swartly, who was nearly as bad. She pressed her hand over her heart to try and prevent its loud thump ing from being heard. . . » - The old gin stood defiantly oefore them, her largo dark eyes rolling and. the whites of them could be seen to advantage in oontrast with the dark skin. Two of her front teeth were missing, and as she twisted her mouth and stared with open eyes, the picture, she presented was enough to strike terror into the heart of a giant. Her bushy hair was hanging ovor her ears, and a man's soft hat, tatterod and shapeless, waB pulled down on her brow. On her back she carried a blanket and supported herself with a stick. ','Tell her to go to tho kitchen,' whispered Elsie, keeping back her smiles for once., ' You see kitchen ovor there near garden, Kitty,' said Miss Swartly. 'No oall me Kitty ;' tho nigger growled, ' my name Jane.' ??- ' Woll, you go up there near white fence. Girl give you everything.' 'Little house dero,' she responded, waving her stick in the air, and with an 'ugh !' limped towards the kitchen. . As , soon ' as she got out of sight Miss Swartly ran up to the recreation room, loav ing Miss Harrington and the girls to follow. When tho last one had entered the door was lockod, and without a sound thoy all sat .down. . 'Milly will give her something to eat, and if Charley is home ho will put her out and sond them away from the gate. I must tell him to look up earlier whilo those horrid blacks are in town.' ? ' Jenny is looked out I' a voioe called out. It was Kittie's. ; ?, - 'Hero she is ooming now/' said Miss Harrington, to the roliof of all. ' Sho looks a bit soared, too.' 'I've been watohing her — I didn't want poor Milly to get a f right, and, fortunately, I was just round in time to' warn her. As soon as I hoard Elsie spoaking of the kitchen, Iran up by the side walk and found Milly sitting at tho door playing with Floss. She dropped hor tho moment I told her, and I believe tho poor oat got an awful fright) She jumped on to tho table, and baok again into tho corner of tho room, but wo oouldn't put hor out. Milly looked tho door and window, and then wo turned the gas very low, and poopod through tho vonetian blind, Tho old gin oamo up and knocked at the door throo times with hor stick, and growled horribly until sho was almost in a fury. Sho was going away then, but Charley 'b tablo oaught her eye. Evorything waa on it. Oharloy is not homo yot you know, and Milly loft all things on his tablo. Jane isn't sorry, I'm Buro. Sho loft nothing— bread, sugar, tho tiu of golden syrup, emptied tho milk into a black bottlo mho took out of hor bundlo, and you should havo soon how sho shook hor hoad at tho door and scolded and laughed, as sho walkod away with hor booty,'' said Jonny, heroically, drawing a chair from tho tablo and sitting bosido Miss Swartly. ' Tho poor thing must have boon hungry, thon,' remarked Adolo, with a sigh of genuino sympathy. ' Yos. I oupposo sho heard you oraoking the nuts, and her mouth watered for a few,,'1 replied Smithy in an undertone. ' Why, it is ten minutes to nine,' Miss Harrington said. ' We could sit up talking all night, I'believo.' . . ! 'Put on your slippers here, and don't make a noise going upstairs.' 'Letty must be asleep.' ' ? 'I hope she has forgotten about my punishment,' whispered Adele when the gas was turued out. '?Don't make such a noise. If you wake Letty Lamington, you'll get yourself into anothor row,' replied Smithy. . - , ' 'Oh, go to rileep, if you don't want to speak !. .Frightened somebody will tell Miss Swartly !' said Adele, pettishly. ' You're out of it, and you don't care, but I'm ? Oh ! it doesn't matter. All 'the same, I, don't see why I should get the blame over your old book,' she concluded before going off into dreamland. On Thursday morning Letty was a little better, and roso later than the others. ' 'It was the best joke we ever played,. Let.' They are all terrified yeti, and I heard Miss Swartly saying that wo are to remain in the recreation room in the evenings' for the future,' said Jenny, as they walked up and down the tennis court after breakfast. ' We must terrify them by somo means in there, too, Jen. I'm sorry that wo can't go outside, but 'never mind. ' We've had a. turn at- her and succeeded. Poor old Milly ! She did her rcart well.' 'If they oamo into the kitchen and caught you washing in the warm water and enjoying .'the coffee and scones after I'm afraid we'd have to' pack off,' rejoined. Jenny. . ? 'Didn't I* tell you that you'd make a perfect nigger, Let? I felt a .bit nervous, myself when you showed, us 'your temper. Didn't the black wax cover her teeth per- ? feotly. Anyone would believe they were^ out.' ' ? V ? ' Yes, Elsie, and we must let Milly into the seoret of our jokes always. She's ? a. perfect bridle. I hope Bob and Vic. will . be over this afternoon.' You must try and get round to us. I'll brftig them down in the garden. ? Thoy won't, be' out . until 'after four.' -i 'Yes, isn't this Thursday?' The book I Adele will have to road, I suppose. I hope Miss Swartly will let her off.? \ In the afternoon the sewing basket was , brought out on tho balcony,' and Adele was; given a supply of new dusters to hem. Then tho book was suspended to '.a piece of red braid and tied on her baok, and Miss Swartly led hor by tho arm up to the top step of the. gallery, and made her turn her back to the ? other pupils in, the school and hem tho dusters standing. Four, were to be finished, during the sewing lesson,, and this punish ment was kept itp for four Thursdays, when Adele, notwithstanding her declarations as to her mnooenoe, was made'kueel down and ? 'apologise to the whole olass. ? 1 . (To be continued. ) MARY AGNES RYAN. ====================== On Sunday morning, April 3, a very old resident of the Armidale district, in the person of Mrs. Rafferty, aged 62, passed away from this world, after a brief illness, from typhoid fever. For a number of years .the deceased lady had been living in town, but previously she resided at Saumarez. Ponds, where her husband, the late Mr. Terence Rafferty, who died some time since, carried on farming pursuits. Deceased leaves a great many relatives in this dis- trict, and during her illness she was con- stantly attended by kind friends and re- lations. The funeral took place next morning, and was largely attended, the burial service being conducted by the Very Rev. Dean O'Connor, in the R.C. cemetery. Several handsome floral tributes were placed on the grave, the following being some of the donors :—Mrs. Gallagos, Mrs. Williams, Mr. and Mrs. Borland, Mrs. Lohan, Mrs. Frankland, Mrs. J. J. Trim, Miss Hunt, Misses Borland, Mrs. Brissett, Miss Wil- liams, Mrs. Marshall, Mrs. Maguire, Mrs. Bradley, Miss Johnson, Mrs. Champion. 