LUCKY BOB BOOTLE. There never had boen such a time for poor folk, at least so said the inhabitants of Greut Ditchley, and Great DitcMoy should know, I think, considering it hud been u village ever sineo Hampshire had been a county. Why, here was March, und Frost still lording it over the wators, and showering his white fleece upon the land ; hero wus flour at such n ffgure that the seven years' youngster could carry, and easily, as much as could be ufforded by the wholo family for a week's consumption. And yet in spilo of bard frost, and hard times the male folk of Ditchley still met ill unlttirin rnnnlnvn nh flui fllmssu A nnt- that tho landlord of that hostel gave trust, not ho, but he liberally kept the big fire burning in tlie common room, and there the poorest of iiis guests dozed from morn till night, witli tho table for a mattress and their nrm3 for bolsters, und when not usleep umused themselves by playing shove- ha'penny, or the more brain-rucking and en nobling game of coddam. We, of course, do not wish our readers to suppose that the whole of the village playod for beer at the' Gharry Apple, us one person nt all events might take oxception to such a bold assertion Johnny Bootle, the barber, dentist, apothecary, uud sometimes schoolmaster, though- -tlie last person whom it would be supposed was not a regular frequenter of the inn, in fact, only visited the house ut inid-duy. and that was when he went with his littlo brown mug to got his half pint of alo to wash down Iiis hot dinnor of bread; choose, and raw onions. Poor Johnny Bqotlo was a widower with one little boy — a , villugo urchin, who wus ulways getting into trouble,' nnd ulways us a rule getting out of it with eclat-, his very rascalities turning in the and to his advan tage. Notably upon one occasion when lie abstracted . a suit from the .tailor's three- roomed house at Ditchley, a suit with mor tar-board lint, included, and that belonged to a farmer's youngster just home from a cnllogo. Muster Bub Bootle. arraying him- salt in tlie stolen ripparel, coolly walked in to the village church. tlie following Sunday, received a new shilling from a purblind old lady, who mistook him for tho parson's son, und uctually seoured a bran new book of common prayer from the vergor, who was so struck witn the little fellow's supposed piety in attending church all ulone, that, meeting him ut tlie door, he put him into the pew belonging to the Squire's family,. » »uj "u wtiv tiiiiu wum 111 jitiuuuii) were not, of course, present in tho holy pre- cints of Ditchley Church. > Replacing his borrowed plumes the next day, no ono over heard of Master Bob's, escapade for weeks after, arid then its rein-- tion was a stable joke ut the Cherry Apple. It was the last' day of March, the frost as hard and obstinate as ever, and Ditchley as sleepy- looking, nnd ancient, and forlorn as usual, when within the common rocnt of the Cherry Apple there was -a very uriusuul commotion. Jao Rudkin, the pig- driver, was there, Stiles, tho -hodgor and ditcher, Buffkins, the village carpenter,- uud Joe Spoopen- dyke, the smith ; all were seutcd round tbo table in earnest conversation, shovo- ha'penny and coddnm for the time being wus forgotten, a topio' of exciting interest was being conversed upon that caused everything else to bo erased the from memory of the little coterie. Johnny Bootle had got the brokers in. The' hard winter hud put the finishing stroke, to a series of misfortunes that liud followed his wife's death three years before', and without a farthing in thn world the poor w dower lmd come tq ruin at last. " t 44 And; so arter hein', father and. son, tunre'u a hundred years in that, house, Johnny and youiig Bob. are to be turned out after rill, are they " said the pig driver who, though u solid-lieaded, wus a kind- hearted man, " It'll bo main hard lines ; poor Johnny I I he main eorry for 'un," said Buffkins, the curpenter, This opinion boing expressed by the others. By tacit consent they all left tho inu, and making their way to the resi dence of Johnny Bootle, we're in time to eee tho lust urticle of furniture tiikon from the house. . Beer, nnd a few halfpence collected among his poor fellow villagers wus after wards brought to poor Johnny Bootle by honest Joe Rudkin, who was then glad to' hurry uwuy from the slid and chilling scene. All gone at iaHt ! , furniture brokors. con doling neighbours, and all. And in tiie waning ovoning light tho poor widower nnd Ills youthful son sat alone upon a bench lent thom by tho carpontec Buffkins, " It's come an last. Bob, and it ain't as if I wus a man used to this kind o tiling. Lord I our people was always well off, Bob. . Your great grandfather, who was a sailor, made a fortune I've heard. '- And then his father, lie was a butler rind kept an inn twice the size of the Cherry Apple, whilst- my poor old dad, your grandfather, mudo a pile oi money abroad." And wlinb did lie do with it, fathor T " said Master Bob, ruefully. 44 IVhat did he do witn it ? -why lost it, Bob." " How ; find lie got a hole in Iiis pocket !" said Bob, this time with a grin, " Well. I don't ktfow about that, Bob. He had a hole in his 'upper storey,' I think, tu go and plunk down all his fortune upun the guming table und the turf us he did." " All, yes ; I've haard all ubnut it from poor mother. And now, what are we going to do, dad ; walk to London ? I fancy that's the duty thing to be done. You can got u job there, 'i here'a t$t muoli ahuving, I've been told, in London during one duy, us we've had in Ditchley for the past five hun dred years. My only gutne here is call- away, a living scareorow banging tho clap pers to frigiiten tlie birds j und I cun'b get a job ut that now because I'm froze uut." " I'm afraid we shall huve to go to Lon don, Bob, though it will bo dreadful to me to leave this cottage where I wun born," raid tna poor, lortorn widower as ne drew his- hand across his eyos that, in spite of Iiis son's jovial spirits under their misfortune, wore growing suBpioiuusly moist. " Well, dad, you know tlio old saying, 'Whubcun'b be cured must be endured.' After a storm a culm. Who knows? some thing moyturn up. You've educated me, fathor, given mo uil the knowledge you ever liud, and up in London we shall bo ap preciated, perhaps; And nnw us they haven't pulled down the old eummer-houso built by my grandfather I'll lug uway some of it, and we'll have a big fire und u supper to-niglibif we fust to-morrow," said the lad, witli an attempt at a laugh. " The old arbour that has stood many a winter's storm. Well, ns we huve no flip, Bob, as you Buggcst, we may as well pull u portion of it dawn. Tlio froHt to-night is intense. How the wind IiowIh t it's be ginning to snow, too, Bob. Wliut a night ! and our poor little home bare and bleak ! " "And somo poor creatures to-night would bo glad of tho shelter of its four walls, dad." " I stand reproved. Bob. Bub you aro young—you are young, boy, while for mo- age robs me of uil norvo und courage." " Cure killed a cub, dud. When things arc at tho worst, they may mend,- ' Dark is tlio hour bofore the dawn.' Tlie.v cull me luekv Bob. I may earn a lob of money, us much as grandfather ever hud, up in London, who knows ? " Buid the light- hearted boy, as followed by his unfortunate, broken spiritod parent he made hie way out; into the garden ut the back of the cottage. Thoro at tho bottom of the largo piece of ground, between two apple trees stood a summer- house, that, builb of oak and beech had remained for many years, braving aliko tlie storms and tempests of summer und winter, ita sides and roof still intaob, and looking in the thick dirving snow quite comfortable that wild nigbb. "Better have thp old seat up, dad. Per- nape we might get the landlord of tho Gharry Tree to buvjdee arbour alter all j-it'p just what he wants for his gardes," claimed Bob, who now, pulling might and main at the seat at the book of tho summer- house caused not only the top part to give way but its supports also, the consequence being that lie was thrown flat on his back, a loud ary from his father causing him, how ever, to quickly start up to his feet again. " It's all right, dud, I'm not hurt. . But what ae you staring at? .Not grand father's ghost, is it ? " " . ' " No, Bob ; bub look ! see what you're done ! " Following with his eyes the direction of his father's shaking fingers. Bob now per ceived that in rending uwuy the seat he hrid caused an upheavul of a portion of the floor- Intr. a rittrlr. ormn rnvit.w nmv unwninif nH their feet. "Whutu jolly great hole, dad," said Bob, who. stooping down und glancing into the black abyss, laughed aloud. Presently upon groping with his hands down the cavity, exclaiming : . "It's not much of n-hole, after all; father. Why I can almost feol the bottom of ,it, and, by Jove ! . it's bricked all round-like a vault. What the douce can it bo ? But wait a minute, I'll run in and bring out. tb'e lantern.. I should liko to find out-what.it really is." Absent only for a few minutes, upon ^re turning with tl light, Bob found his father kneeling by the holo, his face white as the falling snow, and his oyes rolling and flash ing with - excitement, as be exclaimed in a husky voice : " There's a small box down there. Bob. It— it miisb huve been there for years." " Hurrah, dad ! und was put there by grandfather," cried the boy, who, now throwing himself upon tbo ground anil making a strange sound — an odd mixture of laughing- arid crying — presently, with a fuce almost as white us his parent's, dragged up from tlie hole a small wooden box— u box fastened with "a padlock, und clamped with iron. To break the decayed woodwork with a spade wris the-worl: of a moment'. - Wildly the fathor and son now gazed at tho sight bofore them. Tlio littlo box split open, uahower of-gotd coins had rolled out forming a perfect mound; , There lay th# coins, tarnished and flash ing sullenly in the lantern's light, as though sulky at being disturbed from their long repose in their dark hiding-place. - The father and son recovering from their surprise, in half an hour the treasure had been , conveyed into the house, tho bole replaced. 1 scarce had this boon-accomplished when answering aloud knock at the door, the kind-hearted'Joo-Rudkin uppeured upon the threshold ' iuden with blankets and sheets sent by Iiis good dauie. Informed of what had ' taken place the pig-driver shouted uproariously, oxcluim- iog : " Lucky Bob ! dang it, here's a go ! I'll go round and borrow t lie miller's cob„ and I'll wager I'll And those covos with the van They boan't boon away from Cherry 'Tree morn a hour." > ; Joe- Rudkin did come up with tho'van, und before twelve that night tlie goods bod boen brought bnck aguin, all Ditohleyalivo with tlie news. The next duy, from a handful of the guineas, Johnny Bootle had paid the land lord of tho Cherry Treo a sum, in return for which beer, eggs and bacon, with'spirita ud lib. hud to bo provided for every resi dent in Ditcliloy, tho feast being eaten in tlie big room of tho inn, whore the guests grew bourse in hurraying Johnny Bootle und his son, lucky Bob. 