JAMES PAYN. (Condensed.) (Leslie Stephen, in the "Gornhill Magazine.") James Payn was a man of many friends; and the secret of his attrac tiveness was not far to seek. A na ture of singular kindliness and of ab solute' tarnsparency endeared thim to many who knelw him .only upon. paiper, as well as to, personal intimates. Even an old friend can say little which has not been, divined by his readers. 1, who knew lhim for some forty-five years, can do little mor:e thlan confirm impressions already formed by less in timate acquaintances; nor can I boast of the talent W?hich is required for good "reminiscences." Old incidents have become blended in my mind, and, though they have left an indelible im pression, can no, longer be separated into distinct anecdotes. It haIppenas, however, that I remember my first eight of Payn. In 1851-52, I was. a,t the meeting of a little deibating society of Cambridge und'ergraduates, We vere discussing the ancient probleum of the credibility of ghost stories. "It is all very well," .satd' layn,"'but see if any one of you, walkin.g at dead. of night in the solitude of his rooms, will dnare to summon himself by namle t;hree times in a loud voice.." I hove never dared to take up the challenge, though I do not kncw 'whalt was the inference whi:ch Psyn toole to be implied by such co wardice. That one: littler fragment of .the old talk remalins in my mind, and 'brings back a vivid picture, of Payn as he' then was. He had a unique posi tion among his companions. He 'was no sciholar in the Cambridge sense, and Ised language about A'eschylus ca1 culated to, cunr'dle the blolod of a. Greek professor. 'He was not ar matlhoma.ti clan, though his remarkable tailent for whist showed, I suppose, some power of calculation; nor Could he challenge the respect even, then conceded to athle'tes. He prefdrred IhmlmrorOusly to exaiggerate 'his olwn mluseulair defects. He brought back from a reading. party in the lal'kes a pun which charmed him:-"The labour we d.e?'ght iu physics Payn," said his mountaineer ing friends, and he accepted tihe, phrase as a motto. Yet Pays, was ones of the most popular men of his dlary-with athletes, with scholars, amid indeled with all sorts and conditions of men. There was, if my memory ist not misled by a natural illusion, a brilliaet circle? of youths in the Cambridge of those days. Some gained distinction in later life; I ethers, of fully equal ability, I think. failed from ill health or.accldont or other causes to, become known to, the world, and are nrov represented by fast fading memories in thel minds of a few elderly gentlemen. It was character istic of Payn that, though he was. not a Competitor for .academical distinc tion, he made warm and enduring friendships with those wh.o were most successful in that directitoa. He was a.ready an aruthor, whi'ch was a rare di:stinction among undergraduates. I-He had the most genuine delight in such literature as wais really congonial to him; and his delight was as in'fectious as it was genuine. . Often as I used to see him, I always thoi:ght myself defrauded if I 'did not come away with some fresh and amus ing narrative. On such occasions my family found me out and used to re proach me if I did not bring back sdmte telling anecdote. It must clearly be my own fault. I was certainly not the rose, but I hald been ne'r the rose. Payn's fertility in this respect no doubt implied more study than miglht be obvious to his readers; he was fond of the literature in. wthilh such 'harvests are to be reaped and "cranmmed" (if I may say so) for his work conscientiously, though more, it seemed, from spontaneous delight in it than from deliberatel purpose. 'And, then, the charm of his talk and his hearty sociability made it a duty for everyone to help 'him, and to repaiy h'im, as far as possible, in kind. The man bursting with a good story found a special pleasure in pouring i:t into so responsive an ear, and Payn became a perpetually flowing iountain of de lightful talk. 