TERRIBLE BURNING ACCIDENT. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STE-AM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE! LIRE A STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. .? AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in l'itt-stroet, a Mr. Jarvis had Ibo misfortune- to slip and fall on tile bot water pines, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and burut in a terrible way. The shook of the burning and the full proved to bc very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a number of years after bc was a confirmed ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neighbourhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting rouud again, and that he had had a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumours that a special reporter from the Sydney Worker was despatched to get all information regarding «ame, and oue afternoon he made bis way to bis house, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Titos. Jarvis was discovered nursing a two-year-old biby, and hie f*oe declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the kuock at thc door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical 'illness aud a period of pain, it was very clear 'that he waa un invalid no more. In reply to thc preliminary questions he said :-" You want to know all about my case ! Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. Thc facts may bc of value to those who are Btrlken as I WSB." *' How long were you suffering V " Well, twelve mouths ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas 1 met with au accident ; 1 < was badly scalded while taking a bath iu l'itl strcet, Sydney. Since thc accident 1 have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of thc malady, I was forced to give up my billet ut the Glebe Island." " What were thc symptoms? "Simply indescribable. The pains wore something terrible. They were just aboat as much as 1 could bear. They were for all thu world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me, I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was inces- santly sniveriug and shaking, and could neil her eat uor sleep. On tho 23rd of March last I saw a well-known doctor, and lie told mc that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to thc Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order Î" "No ; I came borne and went to bcd, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across thc floor; in isct, I could not gelout of bed. I felt then that it was all over with tue, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was atteuding me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to case the agony I was io. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opiuion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing I the cure effected in the case of another boiler- maker in England, which Í read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertise- ment of a case which seemed to fit my own. J I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. Thc effect wai as marvel-' loua as it was magical. I was able to eat and eleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I im- mediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches there i They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I waB too weak to use them, and uow I dou't want them." " He is 100 per cent, better," said M re. Jarvis, who had come in und taken the baby on her knees. "The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved bia life, and made .another man of him.". A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previoua. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs. I ascribe all the chango and beneüt to Ur. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain non', whatever, and feel like a new met). On the mantlcpiece there is a box of opium aod morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me haB been amazed at tho change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out diere." Such Is this remarkable history, and it con- firms what is said in all the chi-f newspapers of this .country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as aoomia, pale and «allow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in thc back, nervous head- ache. &o.; Mr. J. S. T. M'Goweo, leader of the Labour Party ip the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter io con- nection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he bas known Jareis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give np his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a I malady wbioh be developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there was little cbanoe of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refuted admission to Sydney Hospital, as bis cass had been pro- nounced incurable. Mr, M'Gowen was, there. j fore, like everyone else who knew the feet*, astounded at the oomplet* recovery *f I .These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading ohomfste, or from tbs Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Darragh's Buildings, Queen-street, Brisbane, who wilt forward, post paid, on receipt of stamps or pott orden .one box for 2s. 9q\, orhalf-a-doned for 15s. 3d. See that the genuine Dr. William*' arel flotten. 