[copyright.] DATS OF DANGER. Thrilling Narfatires olthe Bnshranging Times. Keshan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. IN FIVE FARTS. PERIOD,- "1846. PA^T III. The depot, of Edwarda' piTtj was on the Mersey Eiver, some thirty miles from Mount Valentine, and in fant day s 'this wee reached, and the chief sent in his report. He carefully omitted all refer ence to the phantom, for he was aware the authorities did not include, ghosts, spectres, or 8ven fairies—unless stage ones—as coming within the official list of exemptions from duty. - . ■ ■ The health of the party, ao the report stated, was beginning to suffer, and as a large quantity of work had already been accomplished, Evan Edwatds cluiofldfor his party- a spell .in the more settled parts, for the plaoe he left was quite un settled. It might be added here thst the reqfiest was granted, and neveragain did the men visit the wild region they quitted,'on duty. The finding of theakeletoii was, of course, the most important communica tion which had to be made to the authorities, and it was deemed so queer that an exhaustive written statement and the photograph were forwarded to Hobart Town, where they went before the police. The photo, waa at once recogrfiaed as that of a brntal wife murderet named Jensen, a settler on the Norfolk Plains. The tragedy bad occurred nearly four years-previously,' end the culprit had never been brought to justice- It was, three days after the crime was discovered, and as all the facts pointed clearly to the husband being the perpetrator, a close and vigorous quest was made for him, bat be had disappeared as completely as if the earth had opened and swallowed him. A whaling vessel had left Hobart Town ahoot twenty- foorhours after the deed was committed, and the police authorities were convinced, aa their searoh in the oolony was fruitless, that Jensen had been fortunate enough to get away in the ship. Efforts were made to have the craft searched at her port of arrival, but as there were no cables in those days the attempt proved quite abortive, and the memory of Jensen's crime wss quite forgotten. ... Now it was unexpectedly revived, and ins manner whioh left no doubt in the minds of the high officials that the murderer had never left the oolony, but had'fled to the furthest western regions, and there perished miserably. It was quite likely ihat the man would either take or destroy his likeness if only from prudential reasons, as if it, fell into the hands of the polioe they would re produce it, and, sending it to different parts, assist in his detention. He might have had a special reason in desiring 1*® preservation, and that would seem to be ao from the care he took in saving it. That was the oommon view held, and that be had perished was now beyond all ahadowof doubt. That much was solved, yet there was one point whioh remained to be cleared up. When Jensen dis appeared' two other settlers also .were missed from a.neighbouring farm. They were.partners named . J!ohn Duffy and Thomas Worrell. _ _ . A. fortnight later the body of Duffy was discovered in the Derwent River on which their farm abutted, and as a boat \- whioh they frequently used was dis covered overturned some days previously, there was every reason 10 believe that the two mep had met a watery grave. The body "of Worrall waa never found. It was only the revival of the tragic story of Jensen's crime which resnrrsoted \- from the graVe of memory the strange Jate which had befallen the two men Duffy and Worrell—but beyond a few passing allusions to it, there waB little gossip. It was different in Jensen's affair. The newspapers of the day took the subject up,' and it afforded-an exoel ■lent theme to harp on for some weeks. "Murder.will out,"and "The Curse of Osin," were some of IheAitles which the writers used in dealing with the subject, ■ , but the nine days' wonder .was soon over, and gradually the memory of Jensen's arimeend his fate faded from the pnblio mind. Providenoo had stepped in and deatt outjustioe to the murderer when human effort was in vain. , A seoond survey party was at onos despatched to take np the work unfinished by Ed wards. ThiB was under the oontrol of a man named William Oonsidine, and ' Hsifwouldnot bepolite on the part-of Ed wards and his men to try.and frighten ; off.their unevied successors, they ward. nothing on the qowtSon of gfebata. The 1 . . ttory w the alceletonwas of eour*B"pttbhe | • prppeiiyf3>ntit 'was bot irn CDOommon j oooutnnw to wwlh honin ceiBiim u | th'e bruh, end : Oonsidine and "his fouri .- toen werevapt at all moyedat the thought] \- of w'orkipg in a district where the hones 1 . of a w tetoheil mortal hsdhaan discovered. j > A fortnight from the timeEd wards left 1 tkehaunted spot sis he imagined,. Con-1 \- sidine took up the-same small clearing j " near the big bee for hiscamp.' This Was I quiok work; bht it iso happened that j . ^when Edwirds. arrived at the depfit, I ;' iOo'nsidine and his party were already] Oquippedtd gb whither the -district sot- j vftyor wished to send them. ■ J . Of course, the firstspot «f interest to j ' .the hewoomers sras the.grave, and they ] viewed It with more thhn oBnsl-oare, fof 1 it marked the last .teatingrpl»oe of « ■] desperate scoundrel end one who must I _ ' bave been . possessed at no. .common ] oouragej skill, and endunanoe to waohj \- Hie locality where his bones were found.] Vitwasnot reported that-he had ever.] committed auy rohberiea or assaults in j order to pbtsin food for.the hundred] miles dr Onore of jrongbconntry which he must bsve triivene9, -end if he kept the i .. lake District, or even farther west,. it I . wss msrvelloiu how be had managed to | live.rOonsidinean&hiemen; knew lull] " "well the perilsofadch travel, sad they ] eoffeladsd.that Althoughhe must have] started away with * good equipment, of | \- foodand stores,mo's} remarkableconrage| end pemeversnce wsauhoim byhim. . j ■ f)n the29th May, p6nudine andparty] ^Arrived at the <Gmve Tree,* and next I ■> dsy *otivo operations were continued. 1 ' " The thief was -one -whobelleved thst it] was'.moHsdyisable'toJ^p-the.jmmpj ' welleupplietl wfthlresli meat if possible, j • " And there w*s e riuui oonlinuslly told off j with thepuri^thepurposeofseoarihg j Iwiid ijowU ksUgsroo, .or. uudh " other j :'\f animals is.jm^t^a°it»hle for food.f Che reporti of gun-shot* sounded fre quently during the day, and tbey helped to give a more civilised tone—if such may be said—to the wild district. A week afterthe arrival of the party, Graham, the cook, who was always left in camp, reported that the beef-barrel was getting low, and in face of the fact that so much fresh meat was used, this was somewhat puzzling. ' Did you weigh it at the depdt when it waa handed over ? asked Oonsidine, 'No, sir. It was given to me as two hundredweight nett by thestoreman, and I took' that as being correot. It ap peared to,be quite that when we placed it in tbe waggon.' Oonsidine. it might he stated, had managed .to bring a waggon into the ragged district. This was due to'Evan Edwards, who reported that there was a fairly practicable ronte, which he kindly sketched out for him. This waggon proved very handy, but there was every likelihood that it would have,to be aban doned as they webt further on. Of course it could be picked up again on the return. ' Well, there couldn't have been that amount in it. We haven't eaten much since our arrival.' How loug will it last under the present circumstances ?' asked Ccnsidine.«. ' Not more than a fortnight,' was the answer. The chief went away muttering male dictions on the heads of the survey con tractors for their supposed dexterity in cheating, and vowing he would have everything weighed under his own eyes in future. "Of course,'everything was charged against the camp, and tbe" more that was consumed the less money there was to draw when the party returned. Two days later the cook, who waa also atoreman, had an even worse tale to tell, and one that cansed no little commotion and mystification in the camp. A pair of boots and a whole suit of clothes were missing from tbe waggon, and there was evidenoe that the bisouit-barrel hadheen tampered with. The question at once arose,.'Which of the party could have been guilty of so dispicable an act, and what earthly reason was there for the theft?' Oonsidine called his men together and told them what had happened. He did not for an instant snspeot any of them of the theft. They bad been with bim almost continuously for two years, and were moat trustworthy fellows. He wanted their advice, but they had little to give. ' If it was only a mere matter of the food going I should say there waa a vagabond aboriginal prowling about, but blacks don't run away with strong boots and clothing. That is where the mystery comes in, and yet there must be some explanation for the affair,1 spoke the leader. 'Areyon sure the articles were not lost on the journey 1' asked one of the men. * Yes, quite certain ; for I only took them out of the chest yesterday. They were hanging up in the waggon, and yon might have seen them for yourself. Besides, I've noticed little bits of food disappear the same way. There waa that half-eaten duck yesterday. T oouldn't find it when I wanted it,' answered Graham. * Oh, some animal might have carried that away. I wouldn't think much of that,' replied the first speaker. 'We most make, a thorough search in the morning around this place and eee if there is anything that will assist as to discover the thief, who, in my. opinion, mast be white and not black. We may drop on some traoka that may put us on theaoent. In the meantime it will be necessary to keep a watch at night. I'll take my torn the 'same as any of you,' spoke Oonsidine. This was a sensible step and was duly carried ant, but nothing occurred to dis turb the harmony of the camp. In the morning a dose search was began, but it proved quite fruitless. Tbe tracks of. horses and men were numerous, huh there was-no distinguishing whether they, jrere those of friends or foes. Some of them had probably been made by Edwards, and his men, and others by the present party; so after a couple of hours, search die quest was abandoned «a useless. Ob leaving the eampstriot instraetions were given Graham to keep a keen watoh, for It was almost certain,the previous robberies had been carried. ant daring the day., Afarther precaution was taken in removing the waggon , from the'"edge of the sernb to the centre of theclearing. In fact, that step ehonld have been taken at first, though, of course, no one even anspeoted that there was as mnoh as ah aboriginal in the looality. Each man, including the book, carried a revolver, -and they would not have hesitated to nse them, on any intruder whom they sus pected of pillaging intentions. \- On the aeoond.day after this event ilsitsy, the man usually entrusted with the task of obtaining game, Came bank to the damp a oouple of hours after be had left it and;exoitedly asked, where Mr. Oonsidine was. 1 Eight ahead iathetrsok, Tom. What have yon found? Yon look regular sheared,' Graham asked. ' Well, I've found another eamp, Bill, and not agreat distance.from here. ' I jnst atumb}ed on it when, chasing a wounded wallaby, and my word it's a, enogplaoe. I believe we're going to make a queer diseovery. for it seems to . nt~. t —t—r me like A white man's oabonse. I bleared out in a tuny, for I thought every moment a gorilla or something else might come along.'" I tanst go at onoe and see Oonsidine;' answered the huntsman. . 'Gorilla be blowed." There ain't no gorillas abouthere, hint T expect yonll nab the fellow that's been steallng onr things. Well make it hot for him, Tom,' replied Graham. - " The-latter scarcely heard the eook'e remarks, for hewasTiurrytog along the track to see Oonsidine, anoln a quarter of an honr be returned with the whole party. • The chid regarded the hews as Serious.forhe armed all the men,and leaving one with Graham/ in company Withthe other two he started under Ytesley'a guidance for thespot which had soetutled theUtter. -The rontsutaken was dab north from the Camp andlo wards the densely wooded peak of Mount Valentine. The country was exoeedin^yrotigh,forpbtoniy were the creeping planta in Tlgoronaluxurianoe but huge busses bf rock .<sll granite. at timesj blocked the way: These pileawere tnuoh worn. aod the decay ofagea was most apparent. Insomeplaces moder ately sised trees grew -on "the -rocks, Jor the tops bed crumbled away. smd -qnlxed withcarth. Occasionally narrowgulUei intersected the sides, And.lt was'to" one of these.whreh Mesley ledbiii pomades. The entrance was oVergtown with bsuH Vine; Mid in almost te&daikbeat;'fhe .three men went along betide ahsbbltng brook which wended itscoimie Jromihe mountain bide toi the adjscent^riyer. After aboota bandied yams the' scrub ceaaed and toe sunlight poured -down, revealing a magnificent scene. The aides of the glen had become transformed into walls of rook which gradually rOBe in a slope until tliey were not less than one hundred feet on either side. They did not go up sheer, but in a series of gigantic steps, which gave the plaoe a most unique appearance. The centre-of the glen was covered with vegetation, which relieved the eye. The scrub gave place to tree-ferns, musk, laurel, and othqr pleasant-looking growths, and it was evident thst the inhshitant of the placs (whoever he. or she was) must hsve hsd an eye to beauty aa Well as comfort when the glen was selected as an abode. 'You must be careful now. The'den' is only a hundred yards away in yonder hollow,' spoke Mesley, pointing to a small recess in front. At l t this point the party fonnd that, by some convulsion of nature a huge 'bite' \-- U»UI« B UUgO UIU had been taken out of the rock walls to a depth of about twenty feet. The re cess made was semi-circular, and each as might be made by the bite- of some diabolic mouth. Fern-trees had grown in front iia such a way as almost to form a natural -barrier. The trunks were only a few fept apart, whilst aboVe the branches interlaced in aheautiful manner. Wild musk, sarsaparilla, and other pleasing shrubs grew between, and there was only one well-defined passage which the first glance showed had been often used by man or the lower animals. 'The wounded wallaby got through there, and that's how I found the place,' whimpered Mesley aa they silently and cautiously went tin looking to see thst their weapons were in order. 'How do you know that only one person lives here ?' asked the chief as they neared the spot. ' There is only one small bunk so far as I could see. That's all Z go by. Ther% may be half a dosen if I'm wrong in that respect,' replied Mesley. ' Well, it ao, they oannot be white men, so that we have little to fear, fjet ue go right in. Perhaps the tenant haB not returned yet,! said Oonsidine. Passing through the aperture of . the natural rampart a queer aCene met the eye. There was a ledge of granite about ten feet in height and quite flat on top. It was fully twenty feet square and was approached by two or three rough steps partly formed by nature and partly artificial. On themount was erected a small hat, though in fact there was little need for it, as the rocks above and around formed a natural shelter. Clambering up on the Bmall platean, Conaidine was followed by the two men, and it was ap parent the occupant bad not returned, as there was no resistance offered and no visible presence. On one side of the ledge a sort of natural fire-place was formed, and it had every indication of having been used for a long time. Some unburat fuel was still piled in a corner ready for use. Approaching.the hut the examination was continued. The. plaoo was fairly well lighted, for the sun was streaming down upon the place, and the men were enabled to get a clear view of the interior.' At the end was a email bunk' about six feet long by three broad, and it was plentifully supplied with the skins of kangaroo, wallaby, oppossum, and other animal*. _ Several rough spears were standing m one corner, whilst a fur cap waa hanging from a peg in the wall. A small piece of corned beef was lying on a most ingenuiously-made stone-piste, whioh had been laboriously fashioned froma slab of granite. In a oorner of the room was a large hollow stone like a basin, and it waa quite likely that the occupant used that for boiling water and cooking meat when obtained. ' That corned beef ought to be evi- i deuce against this fellow, whoever he may be, but I don't know how you arrived at the conclusion that the tenant is a white than. A blackfellpw might; have just suoh a place,' said Conaidine. ! ' Come out here and I'll show yon,' i answered Mesley,'who had evidently! Jaken a much closer survey of the place dij his first visit than he stated. • L6ok ■there,' he went on aa .be Jed them to the face of tbe.granita cliff near the baok.of the hut; ' blackfellowa don't write like that, do they ?' As he apoke he.pointed to the cliff, and with unfeigned surprise the men read the following, roughly but deeply out out of the rooks "Oaat JurrsBN." •Jensen 1 Jensen 1 Where did I hear that name"? Why, that's tEe name of that murderer whose body—or skeleton —was found at the big tree yonder by IS vat] Edwards's party. It's queer, cer tainly, The fellow must have lived here. The thought makes me sbfrer,' remarked Considiue In wonder: 'But who lives here now ? That's what I want to know,'asked Mesley. 'No one so far. as T can see.' The place may not have been inhabited since Jensen died. You see'it it ao well pro teotied here -that, the hut would remain in ita usual state for a long time/ replied Oonsidine.' ' But the oornod beef fiSBn't been here since Jensen's death, which is supposed >0 have taken plaoe about three years ago, and that fire there was alight leas than a week ago/ persisted Mesley. * I had forgotten all about thebeef, I suppose it mnstbean aboriginal who has found the retreat. It law realnioe little nook and no mistake. If I hsd to lire in the wilderness myself I shouldn't mind just suoh'a spot,'Oonsidine said, ' 'Myopinlon is that a'white man or two fa still about here. You said a few days ago that blaoks did not steal hoots, and clothes, and I agree with that. Then who took our boots and clothes ?' osked Mesley,... ; * How can I answer audi a question. There is, of course, a mystery about the whole Ihing. which time alone may answer. In the meantime we will set a watch and try and find the secret for ourselves. It may effinesooner than we think. If there 1s a wild white man in the locality it la our duty to discover all wis can about him and let the authorities know, We will station two men here for • few days! I and Jack will remaintill to-morrow morningif you'll bring as hp a little food. You can stayalso, and ten them at the camp to keep a sharp look out, for the fellow may try to cany off more stores." He must be running oat of provisions by this time,' observed Oon sidine. 'S V • To Be OoircnroBD. 