ELECTION NOTES. * - The percentage of votes recorded of those on the roll in tbe Windsor election psir cent. Only on QDe ^ocasioii bas tnat h^en exceeded, when ex-Councillor Osment fonght Mr. E. Counsel for a seat for tbe Prahran Wardf when the record of 51 oer*»nt «f votes was recorded. 'Tn^bV 'Wtndsor Ward; August 1888, the voting was — John Beatty 1131, James Wigbton 1053, Bichard O'Donnell 70$, out of -eix candidates. \- -2£r.- Ellia. Stewart made -a wild charge against the Mayor of Prahran when returning thanks, that the Mayor had not thrown open the Town Hall to the crowd instead of having it addressed .from -the windows. Tlfe crowd i would have filled the Town Hall five or 'six times 'over. A word of praise is due to the Town Clerks of Prahran and St. Kilda. and also the Shire Secretary of Malvern, for the exoellent manner in which tbey carried out their duties. The Beturning Officers too admirably performed their nominal calls. . ^ -.^P. . f One the^butnors of thfe eieahoii Wasfo-0ee theAwhbere oi.old women. roll up for a candidate who was on Tuesday night at a public meeting, jeered fatsos ah old woman, himself.' This is rather hard on old women, eoms of whom sre decidedly lovable and good. We are sorry for ex-Cr. Victor Lemme, for he was a good councillor, and to bis honor lot this stand qb a record for him. The St. Hilda elements of upper crust were too strong, the two and three voters totted up alarmingly, and the ideaful councillor was beat. The;dearfeUpwa turned up with the persistency of cemetery ghosts, and simply stalked about through St. Kilda. Dear I . dear ! It's terrible what a lot ol burying that corpse needs. Mr Williams, at :Sottfh! Yarra. was handicapped at tbe last with a dose of influenzal or else he would have moved more among tbe ratepayers, and the fatal majority of 5 8 might have been turned into a minority. It was freely etated by a civic magnate, ? fend', re^echbed by many, that the Pbahbah Tkleobaph bad turnbd fihe': bklpiicp , .of* Jthe yoting power in the Prahran Ward. , There was no call for tbe police during the elections, but nevertheless they exercised their powers with ad mirable impartiality, and deserve orod(t'nbt-omingly.' . f 