A Graveyard Cheated. Has the reader ever -pauisod ii-o -consider that nothing exists upon earth but ex-aieta its due? A graveyard, to the evccry-day eye, is merely am. enclosure containing white slabs with green shrubs about 't-hem. At night time itnese slabs Jook ghost-like, and he , who passes u-btcr dark sings to fool himself ' he Isn't afraid. AVe know tnis, because we've done it ourselvrs©. Tihat tiigiht we saw the grim demon of death stretching out his shu.np cliaws to grip us, and shove us into his u«iv dark mouui and swallow us without cliewuig, , Our kneeis shobk, surd we gave the arris a showet bu-th with -perspiration. Ah, -my friends, iaa the pastor says, this demon casts no shade, or the ctinitite-ry -would be a ©old spot on the hottest summer's day. And remember, ho wants' you. His eye is on you, his. claws over you, and clever as you laro he will sure ly have you if you don't look out. Mrs. Tho mas Ryan che-aited .the gralv-eyard aitf M;ur- rumburrah, and If you are clever, 'as wa hope you are, then you will carefully read/ mark, and inwardly digest these words, which lare to hand from her: "It gives an© great pleasure to say that I have used Dr. Mouse's Indian Root Pills ifor indigestion and general de-biiity. 1 used to be so bod for days lat the time -that I could scarcely imoyet Cither medicines only giave une temporary re lief, and I was hopeless of ever getting well again, oind knew that I was hastening to the grave. I would not go through the same time again if I .had to choope between -It and sudden death. Mr. Taylor, chemist, hero urged me to try D-r. Morse's Indian Rooit Pills, and he- praised -the medicine so highly that I did so, and anybody by seeing hirrii dan -prove the marvellous results -which oama of taking them. This was eight months ago/ and I -h:ad not taken one bottle of tham 'be fore I felt as well as ever I did in my life. But I still continued taking -them, and finish ed the second bottle, and though I am. over fifty-six I feel as well .-now as I did twenty'- year© aigo, when In my iprlme. I consider it my duty to suffering humanity ito make my cure known, and I consider that.. anybody who values, -their .health should not -be- with out Dr. Morse's Indian Ripot "Pills." (These pills are sold -by . che-mists taitid store keepers, price one shilling and three half, pence per bottle, or six bottle© six shillings'. I-f not obtainuble the AV. H. Cornstock. Com pany, Limited. 53 Pitt-street, 'Sydney, will forward same -upon - receipt of /price. They laro a purgative blood pui-ifiea-, . curing skirt diseases, such as bolls, blotches/ pimples and. eczema. They also positively /cur®' indiges tion, constipation, dyspepsia/,: billousneag, side headache, liver complaint,' kidney and female troubles. When you select and go grubbing, you get out the roots, and this la why-You should use them, because ithey clean right up, so that the soil of health may -bear, eood fruit. r : : J 