W|® iturfteileji. LOST, STOLEN OR, STR4YED. ,) ? ? 3. I' CHAPTER III. 15 ... , ?- ; / ' - ? ' ,1 ' ? THE WILL-.' ' No, Mrs. Leslie, he did not keep his papers or valuables at my office, or at any office, or at tbe bank ; yet I often advised him to do bo, but without avail. You know what a curious, suspioiouB person your brother was.' ' He never spoke to me on the subject of busimss,' Miss Watts said. -» l)o you know where the 3troDg box. mentioned in the Will, is to be found 7' Mrs. Leslie -aesea. turning to tne lawyer. ' I expjct I may be able to find it ; we must make a thorough search. We must go to the room leading oat of that in which he died, the room he looked towards so much.' ' You will have to get the looks picked ; you know his keyB have never been found. Mr. Adair suspects Old Molly has taken them.' 'And some people say Molly has \- been murdered, and her body thrown down a bog-hole,' Miss Watts added, ' There are sorts of extraordinary reports going.' / 'It has been a terrible mysterious j thing altogether. Dr. Cox believes my brother must haye received some fright ful shook, to have reduced him to tbe v state we found him in.' ' I think there must have been some foul play myself,' the lawyer said, med itatively. 'Do you think this can be the chest where he kept all Hs valuables 7 ' said Mrs. Leslie, when she recovered herself sufficiently to speak. ' Most decidedly I do,' he answered. 'Whenever I spoke to your brother about putting his things in the bank, or in my office, he always told me he had them in a safer place than any bank. And it is from some hints ha let drop that I gathered he had them thoroughly well concealed. It must have been some spy in the house.' ' I suspect old Molly,' said [Helen. ' Whj iB she. not here?' 'No one can tell you what to-think, said Mrs, Watts, between her sobs. ' Don't you remember,' said^ Helen, how uncle tried to say « gone, gone' 7 Ho must certainly have seen someone rob the place, and take his papers, and it was that which gave him the shock.' ' Maybe so, indeed,' said Mr. Marks. ' But here comes Mr. Adair !' and he tan down the stairs to let him in. ' There has been a robbery here. Gome upstairs quickly. This is a moBt remarkable case,' and tbe little man rushed on before the police. ' There, you see,' he said, pointing dramatically to the open [chest, ' that has been robbed — that was the place where he kept allj tbe valuable deeds, bonds, and other documents connected with his great wealth. There is also mention made in the Will of a case con taining diamonds. This has also dis appeared.' 'That muBt have been what he meant when he tried to say ' gone,'' said Mr. Adair, looking 'at Helen. 'You were the only one that made a ribgthit at the word.' , ' Yes indeed, we may all say ' gone,'' responded Helen, with some bitterness. ' Two hours ago we were congratulated on our riches, and now we are as poor as ever.' ' Poorer 1 ' said her mother ; ' for I our hopes wererasied only to be dashed to the ground.' ' Oh, you muat not lose hope, Mrs. Leslie,' said Mr. Adair. ' I have been busy trying to get on the right track ever since the first day I was here. But I have not yet got any satisfactory clue to old Molly's disappearance. Ofconrse, at that time, I did not know there bad been any robbery, though I strongly suspected something of the kind. ' Perhaps it would be as well for me to give you now, a little account of what I have been doing. You have heard already that the mare and car were al ready found at Kilcorrey. They had been lefc there, it was said, by old Mr. i , WattB and a gentleman who was with him, who told the ostler they were going to the Christmas cattle fair at Clough ; , more. ' We found that two second-class re tarns had been taken to Clougbmore by a low-sized, middle-aged man, with a 1 reddish moustache and'beard. I 'Oid Mri Watts, who accompanied the man, seemed. very- feeble, and no one heard bim spoalj. He wore a large mufflar, a slouched hat and great coat. 1 'You know that all those articles belonging to your late brother are miss ing 7 From inquiries at Cloughmore, I ! found out that this samejman took two first-olass tickets to Dublin. The Dub Jin police have seen nobody at all answering to his description ; we con clude therefore, they altered their dis guises en route. The London detectives ^ wired to us, that no persons at all answering to our description hod arrived at Euston by the Irish mail. ' But I have soino intolligonce that they have qaitted the train at Willesdon Junction, and probably gono down the line. I want lo try and catch the night I mail, and run over to London, to inter view the detectives and try and get some !! light thrown on this mystory.' ?, i ' Mystery, indeed, it is ! ' Mr. Marks said. ' You will be a luclry man if you can solve it. Diamonds! proporty 1 worth half a million of money ! Why, j ! Adair, your fortune would be made if ;! you could succeed in tracing the rascals, t and recovering thoir booty. But you'll l! ' want to bo very smart if you catch this night's mail.' i ?- Indeed I must ! ' Adair said, look ing at his watch. ' I have only an jjoar.' The good-byes were said, and Mr Adair hastily took his leave. CHAPTER IV. Disappointments. The only event o£ interest which oc curred in connection with, what now be gan to be called the 'Newbury Mys tery' was the arrest of William Malone, on suspicion ; but, as he completely succeeded in proving an alibi, he was dismisssed, It was tbe great subject of conversa in the neighbourhood. Many people declared Mr. Watts not dead at all, for some men who were at the cattle fair at Cloughmore said they had seen him, and it was surmised by some imaginative people that he and Molly had gone off to be married on thb sly, and that he had taken all his money with bim to spite his sister. Others of a more gloomy tarn of mind declared thit thoy saw the ghost of Mr. Watt3 looking out of the window of the room wbere he died. Two children ran home from school, breathless and terri fied, announcing to their parents that they had seen old Molly sitting under the yew tree in the garden, weeping. But, except for these vague rumors, the next week passed away, and no tid ings gleaned. At last the long-expected letter from Mr. Adair came, and ran as follows — 'Dear Miss Watts. — \- I arrived here in dne course, without any adventure. As soon as possible, I went to Scotland Yard, saw some of the leading people there, and made many enquiries. Two of the best detectives were told off to act with me, and to investigate the case as thorougly as possible. It would take too long, and I am afraid would only weary you, to tell you all we did. It may suffice to say no stone will be left unturned that may lead to the discovery of this mysterious business. One olue I think we have found. A porter at Willesden remembers wheeling a shabby brown portmanteau, belonging to two ladies, one tall and thin, tho other medium sized. My opinion is that these are our people, and they had changed their disguise. They gave some address near Chiswick, which he cannot remember ; but that was pro bably onl; a blind, and they have escaped to tbe Continent, no doubt. Bright, one of the detectives, thinks they havo made tracks for Frankfort, Thero jewelleryican be easilyjdisposed of, and no questions asked. He went there last week, but as yet I have had no in telligence from him. I am sorry I cannot give you more satisfactory news, but I do trust that, with time and patience, we shall discover these rascals, and win back your pro perty. I am, dear Miss Watts, Yours truly, / Maurice Adair.' ' I am afraid there is no hope,' said Miss Watts, disconsonately. ' Oh, don't say that, Aunt Georginp ; it is too dreadful — too dieadful. To think we shonld have been so rich, so happy ? ' ' The two things don't always go to gether, dear.' ' Oh, I know that,' said Helen, im patiently, 'but I don't feel in the humour for truisms ; neither do poverty and happiness go together.' ' HeleD, HeleD, don't say bnch things ! You have borne poverty so bravely and cheerfully, try aad bear this disappointment now.' Mother, don't speak to me — let me rant and rave. ' I'm out of myself,' as the French say.' 'It must be the will of God, or it could not happen,' said Miss Watts. 'We will tiust in Him, and it may all come right yet.' 'We must hope so indeed,' said Mrs. Leslie. Helen pnt on her hat and walked out. ' Do you think there wonld be an use in making a further search in the house ? ' asked Miss Watts. 'It would be no barm to do so, at any rate — we know now that George was a regular miser, and they often hide money in curious places.' Accordingly, the next day, two men were sent to work, The flooring was all ripped up. the walls torn and picked — every nook and corner where anything conld by any possibility be hidden waB searched — the house was left a perfect wreck, simply a shell remaining ; bnt nothing pas found. Spring-time came joyous and glad, but it brought no good news to Ivy Cottage. Mr. Adair had returned after his fruitless search, but had found, alis ! no one who could uuravel the naystery of Mr. Watts's stolen property. Helen was sadly changed — no longer the bright, merry, thoughtless girl she had been six months before. She moped about about the cottage in an aimlees sort of way. Her mother gave her many an anxious glance, and forgot her own troubles in concern for her child. ' You see, dear, we must not blame Helen loo much. It was the cup of Tantalus dashed from her lips.' ' Oh, I know it must be very hard on a young person — it's hard on us all said poor Miss Watts. So it was hard, hut there were harder things yet in store. Not very long after this conversation Miss Watts received a sudden and un expected blow. All her little property was invested in a largo concern in Belfast, which failed totally, leaving large calls to be paid up, and plunging thousands into poverty and misery, Miss Watts among the number. There was nothing to be done but to Bell all her cherished belongings, and to leave Ivy Cottage. She could no longer keep a homo of her own, it was hard indeed. Mrs. Leslie's plan was that they should go and take lodgings in London, that refuge lor tbe destitute; they could then seo what they could do ^supplement their income. [To be Continued.]] 