LA^ipHTtS ftiffcEMENTS : Stage Gossip. THE ALyA^j9NB;C(3NdB!Vra;' J ? SIJTGERrANB PIANIST. -? Last niglit at'tiie-flfpwn' '2?aH°; Mr.. John Lemmone's 'imported' company- -.gave their ifourth- concert ,in; Sydney.' . Lord and Lady; Hampa'en .were ipreseiat, .V and Ithe. audieiice, with a display of that genero sity which cotiies so ' easy' to' us when dealing with most obliging people and hav lug every imug uui ynu way , m&iaicu; uu the programme being lengthened by the addition of ever so many demand items. Perhaps the most gratifying 'feature of the concert was the genuinely enthusiastic reception and appreciation of Miss Adela Verne's pianoforte performances. Madame Alva being the 'star' of the company, it was in the nature.-of- things .that she, with her golden voice and * impressive style, would be warmly .welcomed in Sydney. Our public dearly ioves a singer, espe cially one with an English or foreign re putation— even Antoinette Stealing was ac cepted in a spirit of Christian kindness quite heroic iu its. way. An instrumenta list. the pianist, ' being handicapped hea viest, has, as a rule, to command the admiration, and ..to extort the praises, of the public by performances of great attrac tiveness and convincing merit.' Henri Ketten. and Sir Charles and Lady Halle are not- cases here in ? point ; it was the correct thing to hear tnem— besides it was fashionable. Wlllielmj, Camilla Urso, (her last tour), Ovide Musin, Rhodes, and John Kruse, as violinists, lost money here con cert-giving. *- Wilhelmj, one of the three great' vi'olfiisfs of the age.' took scarcely enough- to- pay his- gas bill. Remenyi succeeded mainly because he was a trick ster who thought mere of his pocket than he did of.^hiB art. As pianists, Kowalski (who was disgracefully treated when he first came.. to Sydney), Madeline Schiller, and Miss Manic Meyer — to mention only a few names— received . but little public sup port. „ Mark Hambourg, who failed to 'draw' to' 'any extent when appearing with the company of which Evangeline Flo rence (most pharming of singers) was the star, subsequently hau the luck to be 'adopted'- by. .the young and middle-aged women, of Sydney, and by them elevated to the absurdest pinnacle of hero- worship. Miss Adela Verne, who had no trumpet obligato in the advertisements, and who neither ' sought nor received the 'patron- age' 'Of 'society won her honors in a thoroughly honest way. The evening-dress ladies who flocked to hear Mark Ham bourg have; -kept away from the concerts under notice. The loss is theirs. This time they allowed tliS' men to do all -the applauding- and handkerchief-waving. How very womanly : yet how charmingly cha racteristic ! Of the many 'celebrated ar tists' who ha\re come here with touring companies during the.^past .ten or. twelve years, Miss Verne is one of the very few to be set up as a model before our young musical students and aspirants. Hers appears to be a fine nature, at once gentle and resolute. There is a modesty about her that no applause can disturb. How refreshing after Ketten with his mys terious manor and his imperious pose, and Hambourg with his self-satisfied swagger. Strength she has in abundance ; with it — if all the evidences are not deceptive— a sympathy large, artistic, and human ; a poetic imagination, and the gift of tone color. Under the magic of her touch the piano really sings, and when some theme of dainty beauty and lightness is being played you think or Heine and the 'sweetness of the zephyr caressing the violets.' There is in all she does a mag netic fascination. She Iotps her work, smiles when at it, and this loving, cheer ful spirit somehow seems to communicate itself to her audience. Last night this rarely-gifted pianist played- 'Concerto G min. No. 2' (Saint SaensK: . 'Prelude'' (Rachmaninoff) ; 'Two polish iSongs' (-Chopin- liiszt) ; and 'Hun- garian Fantasie' '(Liszt), Miss Alice Verne contributing .the second piano part in the last number. In acknowledgement of the clamorous recalls, t.he artiste came forth and bowed many, times, ; but she did not make any gifts to the audience. The per formance of the- ''Fantasie' was sufficient in itself for the evening. Vve have said that Madame Alva was successful at her opening concert in her operatic selections ; so she was. At the second concert she left little to be de sired in Santuzza's story ('Cavalleria Rusticana'). Again, at Wednesday's ma tinee, the singer, with cheerless surround ings, put her heart into her work. But to an artist of her high sensitiveness and her experience of the ? world's applause, the encouragement of an 'electric atmos phere,' possible only in big and quickly responsive .MuTferices, is' almost absolutely essential. Sydney should do her the justice cf crowding the Town Kail : then we shall hear her under fair conditions. It would be in no way surprising if Madame Alva, during the past week, failed to make her self 'at home' on the bare concert plat form ;? shp. looks; to the cold white walls for inspiration, and finds it not. Can it be that, like T.irasca, tho prima- donna se cluded in tho Chateau de Villac-^-described by Nellie K. Blissett in her .iust.-published book, 'The Concert Director' — 'there flashes across her memory the life she has renounced— the great. Opera .House blazing with lights! the rsiurnv.tr of an assembling audience, - the bv.:',n--r: of the tuning or chestra, the fascination of waiting, the triumph of her first entry, the absorbing interest which flung her almost, uncon sciously into her part until it seemed real and living, t.he applause which crowned and pursued her. ' There should .be a thou sand lamps, and millions of shifting tints — crude, startling, brilliantly aiive — xt.he music of brass instruments, with its in sistent blare and clang. There should be the stir.' and hum of the people — the Opera House, the great. Opera House, crammed from floor to ceiling with moving life.' The soprano, strong in dramatic and opulent in vocal resources as she is, com pletely carried the audience with her last night in. Verdi's stirring_.'P.itorna .- Vinci- tor' (Ai3a). and in the more melodious, if less musician!:/, 'Ccm e bello'' from Donizetti's 'Lucrezia Borgia.' It is here of interest, to note -that Madame Alva, with Meiba as her associate, sang most suc cessfully at the Donizetti 'Festival held this year in Bergamo. 'With Verdure Clad.' from 'The Creation.' is not the class of music that suits an operatic artist, and the selection was. unfortunate. Natu rally, 'the 'most' ' e'iriohatic ' 'demonstrations of pleasure and favor followed the operatic items. The prima- donna repaid, .this ad miring appreciation' with liberal, 'interest. Her extra contributions were : Proc.h's 'Variations,', the 'Sf-r.QnatP.'. from Leon cavallo's- 'I' Medici,' and Rubinstein's 'Good Ninfnt.' 'All' the A'ccompanlrrients were admirably played by Mr. J. E. Sykes. Tvlr. John Lemmone was unanimously re called -for 'The Wind Among the Trees.' Returning, the accomplished flautist gave, unaccompanied, an impromptu of his own. Again Mr. Lemmone was brought back, and even another Lemmone impromptn barely - satisfied ' the audience. Mr.' Samuel Masters, who has wisely given up heroic efforts, confined himself to ballads— 'The Message,' 'The Light of the World:' and 'I Seek for Thee in Every Flower,' all of which were well received, and the tenor, paid the penalty of popu larity-- ia several ? responses -to the pro- ? longed applause.. When Mr. Masters does not force his' voice— a coarse, uneven tone being the result of 'his mistakes in thi3 direction— it is very ,s'-veet and most- agree able. ..In tender, simple, homely songs he Is at his best, . and he. may be. assured of warmr ^acceptance- : anywhere and ' every where if.he leaves. big; robust things alone; provided ' always, as the lawyers say, that he steers nicely between ^maudlin; tunes set to nerveless ..verse ancli. the vulgar catches of the alleged 'music' hall. '?Not a few of the adoring followers of the Apostle Hambourg turned up their lips, and, in all human probability, their .nOses as well, if it is not rudeness to say so, at the opinion expressed in the 'Sunday Times' that Miss Verne is a better pianist than Mark 'Hambourg. Our contention is that Miss Verne is a sounder artist, and a more legitimate player. In Hambourg's case it wasn't regarded as sufficient by some :gushers to recognise, enjoy and ap plaud him as a highly successful apostle of the modern academic cult of pianists, with whom technique is the beginning and the end of art. 'That ne is an amazingly brilliant performer and a most interesting -entertainer, with a good headful of upto date music — laboriously acquired and ac curately re- produced — cannot be ques tioned. But why all those foolish ecstacies and hysterical ravings on the part of his admirers ? . In the opinion of many excel lent judges Hambourg is a great player within the limits of mastery of the key bqard, but— as yet — only an indifferent artist. Critically considered, his second Australian tour performances were inferior to those of his first ; surely not a good sign in a man who has still before him the task of working by merit into the first rank of pianists. On his second visit to Sydney one could not help feeling that it was always the triumph of the piano — not the man. ^t was the instrument, and only the instrument, you heard all the time. For originality of conception, for subtlety of reading, for dramatic expressiveness, for force, freshness or felicity of interpre tation, you listened in vain. Of distinc tive individuality in his work, there was next to nothing.. You got. an Immense amount of digital dexterity, his phrasing — as taught by his master— was rigidly correct and flawless, and now and then there were bewildering effects, such as a juggler or parlor magician might in ano ther way produce; but feeling, fervor, fancy, pathos, or romance — the heights of passion and the depths of soul — where were these things ? Paderewski is right^ when ? he says 'Technique is not everything in art.' True, the empiric is, if anything, worse than the 'mere scholar' in music. And how true it is, too, that in these days successful humbug often passes as genius, and affectation and eccentricity are ac counted the brightest parts of talent. A new series of these high-class con certs, at popular prices, it is announced, will be commenced on Saturday next. The Election distractions, so fatal to concert management, will then, thank goodness, be over. » - : - HER MAJESTY'S— 'THE LITTLE . MINISTER.' 'The Little Minister' entered upon its final week yesternight, when it was well received, and .kept the audience in a con tinued state of hilarity. It will be pro duced for the last time on Friday night. On Wednesday ? afternoon a matinee will be given. A double-bill will be presented on Satur day night, including Buchanan's well known comedy, 'Sweet Nancy,' and a one act comedy, 'A Bit of Old Chelsea.' Miss Pattic Browne is reported by the Mel bourne Press to have done good work in both pieces. The box plan will be opened to-morrow morning. ? ? ? ? ROYAL— 'THE WHITE HEATHER.' The prediction that 'The White Heather' would enjoy a prosperous run promises to be verified, for during the week every seat in the circle was booked nightly. Last night's audience was a very demonstrative one, but the .diving scene evoked the greatest enthusiasm, and deservedly so. Though, of course, sensationalism and pic turesoueness are its chief recommenda tions, 'the efforts of the artists werewarmly anproved. * ♦ ♦ ♦ TIVOLI— VARIETY COMPANY. The Usual change of. bill last night met with the warm approval of a crowded house. Miss Neva Carr-Glynn, the popular young contralto, made her re- appearance, after a lengthy absence. She was in fine voice, and contributed a couple of items in a most acceptable 'fashion: ^ Miss Peggy Pryde still remains the greatest ' favorite! In addition to several character sorig3, she repeated the dramatic scena 'The' Waif,' , which is, perhaps, the best ' thing of- its ? kind seen here. The Poluskis were next. -in ' demand, and they kept the audience in the best of humors by their clever skit, 'Late on Parade.' Mr. G. H. Wood, assisted by Miss M. Ainsworth, appeared in an amus ing society skit, 'A Dead Moral.' Mr. J. W. Winton's ventriloquial turn was, as usual, up to date and bright. Mr. Miller A. Fraser was heard to advantage in a couple of Scotch ballads. Among the others whose efforts were most warmly appre ciated were the Misses Violet Elliott, Lil lian Lynton, Stella Tracey, and Mr. Wal- : lace King. j Mr. Rickards will give a benefit matinee entertainment on August 2 in aid of the . Simpson Relief Fund. The programme , will be contributed to by the whole of the company, and Mr. Rickards will also ap pear. As the popular manager has given everything — theatre, lighting, &c.; — free of charge, a goodly sum should be handed over to the deserving cause. # » * ♦ LYCEUM— 'IS LIFE WORTH LIVING.' . Frank Scudamore's melodrama 'Is Life Worth Living,' which was produced for the first time last night, should suit the taste of the patrons of this house. It is effervescent with sensationalism. In the. first act the villain tries to murder his wife by throwing her over a precipice, and in the second act an attempt is made to run a huge steam roller over another un fortunate woman, but, of course, she is res cued just in time. The plot is not by any means a complicated one. In fact, the de nouement stands out like a beacon. Both the hero and the villain love the same lady — the former for herself and the lat ter for her fortune, for she has been left a large sum of money by a rich uncle — a . very useful and much availed of gentleman in this class of production, by the way. Matters, of course, end in the orthodox fashion by the hero and his love being united. Regarding the representation, it must be said that the artists all played conscientiously. Miss Roland WattsPhil lips, as the distressed wife of the villain, was responsible for far the best work, and among the others who were most accept able were Miss Marie D'Alcon and Messrs. Johnston Weir, H. W. Diver, H. Beau mont, F. Harcourt, and H. Shine. The production was very well staged. n * * * OTHER SHOWS. ROYAL STANDARD THEATRE.— The Henry Dramatic Company last night -pro- duced 'The Cuban Spy,' a military drama, said to be founded on incidents which have occurred during the present war. Tho piece contains . some very striking situa tions. Mr. Robert Henry did good work as Colonel Cyrus Tiverton, of the U.S. Army, and Miss Lillie Mowbray doubled the characters of Stella Clearinount and Maurice Ash ton (otherwise the Cuban spy). The support which they were accorded was very satisfactory. The present bill will be repeated until Tuesday evening. CYCLORAMA. — The attendances at this popular resort during the week have been very large, and the picture of ancient Jeru salem and the Daphne illusion have been the cause of considerable interest. The musical programme submitted at intervals is also a very pleasant feature. POLYTECHNIC.— The Crown Studios' Cinematograph and Rontgen Ray Exhibi tion in King-street, opposite the Arcade, is well worthy of a visit. A couple of new pictures, showing American Indians doing a ghost dance and Caicedo, the famous wire-walker, have been added. DARLINGHURST RINK.— Skating has apparently caught on again, judging by tne crowded assemblies here during the week, and Mr. Syd. Davis, who is indefatigable in his attention to patrons, should be well satisfied with his venture. BONDI. — Patrons of the Aquarium this afternoon will be treated to .selections' on the orchestral organ. A HUMAN FREAK. — General Pedex, 'the Australian Mite,' is being exhibited in George-street, nearly opposite the Town Hall. The unfortunate fellow, who is 30 years of age, was born at Sofala, near Bathurst, without arms, and is only 2ft 9in in height. One leg is only 12in long, without any knee-joint and with only four toes on the foot. Pedex apparently does not in the slightest miss his hands, fof he can write very legibly, thread a needle, light his pipe, shave himself, and play a mandoline. He can also paint a picture, and his work in that respect has gained him several medals, including one from the Chicago World's Fair. # * ?' » ? *? Tennyson and O'Gorman are at the Lon don Canterbury- ? . ? The Heller Company is in the Taranakl (N.Z.) district. Mr. Larry Dooley is with a variety show in St. Louis, America. Miss Bessie Clayton. Is at the Grand Opera House, Chicago. Mons. Provo was at the Olympia, New York, when the mail left. ''The Firm's' Comic Opera Company will follow Miss Pattie Browne at Her Ma jesty's. Miss Florence Esdaile, on account of a bad throat, was enjoying a three weeks rest at Margate when the mail left. Mdme. Belle Cole, owing to the seriou3 illness of her mother, has been obliged to cancel all her engagements in England and return to the United States. Prof. Bristol's Eque^curriculum was at Cootamundra last night. It will re-appear there to-morrow evening. Mr. Harry Rickards expects before long to be running four permanent houses in Australia— one in each colony with the ex ception of South Australia. Mr. Philip Newbury gave the second of his new series of 'Pops' at the Melbourne. Town Hall last night. Mr. John Coleman will appear next Saturday night. According to the . 'Cape Register' Mr. Kyrle Bellew and Mrs. Brown-Potter and company will return to South Africa on board the s.s. Briton, which sails on Au gust 27. Miss Pattie Browne shortly before leav ing London received a very flattering letter from Mr. J. M. Barrio. 'I meant to write you long ago,' he said, 'to say how glad I am that you have the Australian rights of 'The Little Minister.' I know how good you will be as Babbie; you h&ve; given- me so much pleasure in other pieces.' Miss Browne naturally is : very proud of the letter. Mr. Edwin Geach \rrites from Shanghai to the effect that CanI Hertz continues to do very big business there. . The season originally was for a u-eeK, but up to the time of writing the illusionist had been there for a month. Java, will : next be visi ted. Mr. Geach forwards several local papers, which contain - very flattering no tices of the entertainment. Mr. 'Dick' Kenna, who has been pilot ing Probasco's Circus* was in town during the week. He states that the combination will appear at Condo&olin; on Tuesday night, after which it will visit all the Southern towns. Mr. H. P. Cogill and his No. 2 company left Melbourne yesterday for Tasmania, where they commence la tour at Hobart. Ths- company includes Sellman and Moore, Altro, Harvey and Frainks, Elsie Golding, May Arlea. Amy Thornton, 'Mayflower' Jea.nnie Nelson, Will Wallace, Charles Norwood, Milford Haven, and A. C.Harley. Mr. J. F. Sheridan's successful drama 'When the Lamps are Ltlgbted,' attained its 150th performance at tie Royal, Smith wick (Eng.). just prior, to the departure of the last mail. Capetown was well provided with shows when the mail left. Among the companies appearing there were those of Madame Al bani, Mr. W. J. Hollowly, - Miss Ada Delroy,. ?and the Flying Jordans. Mr. Charles- Cartwright will make his -final appearance at the Melbourne Royal to-morrow night. His season has been 'a :very successful one. Mr. Harry Plimmer, who has signed on for twelve months with the firm, left for Melbourne on Thursday night, and will most probably commence his engagement at the Princess with tho ICnight-Ferrar Company. Wellington Opera House bookings; — July 13 to 26, Cowan's Dramatic- Company; Au gust 1 to 20, Pollard's Opera Company; No vember 7 to 26, Alf. Woods' Dramatic Com pany; December 3 to 17,. .Henry Dramatic Company.; December 26 to January 21, Charles Holloway Dramatic Company. \ The 500th performance of 'La Poupee' was recently celebrated at the London Prince of Wales, when the whole of thp. night's takings were handed over to the Actors' Orphanage Fund. - This is a piece ifor which Mr. Musgrove is sending out a lady to play the name part, and which will be presented here during the Comic Opera 'Co. 's forthcoming season. N Miss Blanche Walsh, who came to Aus tralia. with the Nat Goodwin Co., but. re turned to America after a very short sea son in Melbourne, is playing the Countes3 Zicka in Sardou's 'Diplomacy' at the Herald-square Theatre, New York. Mr. Wilson Barrett's. Australian trip, the 'Era' says, proved an enormous financial success. His individual share of the pro fits, the paper says, amounts to more thaq £15,000, and he has already made arrange ments to revisit the Antipodes in 1899. Sir Arthur Sullivan is suffering from a disorganised state of nerves, and he has been ordered to relinquish all work and to take a complete rest for- at least two months. Like most musicians, says a Lon don writer, Sir Arthur Sullivan is pecu liarly susceptible to attacks of this sort, and after composing the music of 'The Beauty Stone' he had a particularly severe attack of his old malady. Mile. Bartho, who visited us a few years ago, is at the Columbia, St. Louis, America Harmston's Circus concluded its Ade laide season last night. It will appear .it Port Adelaide on 'June 26 and 27; Geelong, August 1 and 2; Colac, 3; Camperdown, 4; Warrnamb ool, 5; and Hamilton, 6. Colonel Hicks was in town during the week, when he informed us that the combination had been doing satisfactory business, though the tragic 'death of the animal- tamer had interfered with it slightly. The Craggs are at the London Empire. The Allisons and the Sisters Crossley are at the Empire, Cardiff. Miss Florrie Forde and Athas and Collins are at the London Canterbury. Mr. A. E. Greenaway is with a stock company at the Eden Theatre, Brighton (Eng.). Mr. Harry Paulton and his company have revived 'NLobe' at the Grand Theatre, Leeds. Miss Lilla Wilde is appearing in a sketch entitled 'A Fight for Life' at the Palace, Croydon (Eng.). Miss Elsie Lander has attracted fair houses to the Melbourne Bijou during the week with "Miss Chicago." Miss Nettie Waite, of the Tivoli Co., in private life is Mrs. Will Poluski. Mr. J. C. Williamson and Mr. Harry Rickards will both return from Melbourne this morning. Miss Maggie Moore is having a success ful season at the Fremantle Town Hall. 'Hans the Boatman' was the latest attrac tion. Mr. Charles Holloway was producing 'When London Sleeps' at the Perth Royal at latest. 'The Work Girl' was in active preparation. Miss Grace Noble is playing Amy Tres sett in 'Tommy Dodd,' With Mr. J. L. Shine's Company at the Prince's Theatre, Bristol (Eng.). Mr. Harry Coglll's Company at the Mel bourne Gaiety was augmented last night by the Bovis Brothers and Little Florrie Ranger. Miss Cora Casselli, a well-kn9wn serio comic, left London during the week under engagement to Mr. Harry Rickards. Mr. Fred Carlton, who bills himself as the 'Australian banjoist arid comedian,' has a company of his own in the English provinces, and when the mail left he was doing good business at the Pier Pavilion, Lytham. Mr. Leedham Bantock, who visited us as a member of the last Gaiety company,- has now a company of his own playing in a new and original comedy-drama entitled, 'Sweet Briar,' at the Royal, Eastbourne (Eng.). Miss Pattie Browne will conclude her season at Her Majesty's on August 12. The comedienne will then probably go to Brisbane, after which Adelaide and New Zealand will be visited. Mr. Dion Boucicault has made a success in the part of John Baverstock in 'His Excellency the Governor' at the London Court Theatre. The 'Stage,' speaking of his performance, says it is 'a clever and beautifully finished bit of acting.' Miss Florence Lloyd is playing in 'For- give us our Trespasses,' with Mr. Fred Scarth's company, and was at latest at the Prince of Wales' Theatre, Salford (Eng.). Miss Ada Willoughby is playing the title role in the 'Lady Slavey' at the Royal, Portsmouth (Eng.). Mr. Proctor, the well-known American variety manager, is of the firm opinion that a continuous show would be as popular in London as in New York, and has an emissary there seeking a suitable site near the Strand for such an adventure. The latest 'Stage' contains pictures of the leading artists in the 'Runaway Girl' at the Gaiety, including Messrs. Harry Monkhouse, Louis Bradfleld, and Fred Kaye, all of whom were here with the last London Gaiety Company. Ths Knight-Ferrar Company revived 'The Sign of the Cross' at the Melbourne Princess last night. The management state as a remarkable fact that up to the pre sent the. piece has been witnessed by over half a million people in Australasia. Miss Therese Lindahl, who was recently taken seriously ill while appearing at the Lyceum, has quite recovered, and will play Miss Rosa Conroy's part of Mrs. Huntley in 'Sweet Nancy' when it is produced at Her Majesty's on Saturday night. Miss Lindahl is the wife of Mr. Frank Barnes, who is representing Mr. Harry Rickards during the Pattie Browne tour. The latest London 'Era' is responsible for the following:— 'Miss Minnie Ray will riot be ' in London until the 20th irist., and the match between her and Miss Bella Per nian, of the Perm'kn Trio, is- to take place during the week commencing June 27. Miss Ray is prepared to dance in any London hall, the proprietor of which makes the best offer for the following two weeks — that is, if Miss Perman ' is agreeable to such an arrangement.' The match between the two ladies is for the. championship of England, which Miss Ray recently won in a competition, in which Miss Perman was unable to take Dart. Mr. Hall Caine, according to a London paper, lias made arangements with Miss Viola Allen, a well-known American ac tress, by- which she will acquire the acting right for the States of his play 'The Chris tian,' founded on his novel of the same name. This Autumn Miss Allen will tour the United States and Canada with the piece, playing, of course, the role of Glory Quayle. .It has not yet been settled what will be done with the play so far as Eng land is concerned. The present bill at the Melbourne Opera House is one of the strongest which Mr. Harry Rickards has ever submitted there. Last night Mr. H. J. Juleene and Miss Dot D' Alcorn made their Australian debut, when they introduced the Electrical Organ, which they claim to be the most marvel lous -musical ' instrument ever submitted. Ugo Biondi, Mr. John Coleman, and a number of other favorites also contributed to the bill. German theatrical managers are sup posed to be very, particular respecting the style of plays they accept, by which I mean that immoral plays stand very little chance of seeing the light in the Fatherland. And yet, says a writer in the London 'Stage,' it seems that Herr Bucovics, the director of the Berliner Theater in Berlin, has ac quired the rights of 'Zaza,' the play now being performed by Mdme. Rejane at the Paris Vaudeville, and which, according to the account of those who have seen the piece, contains the most daring role that even this very up-to-date actress has ever attempted. The German translator will probably be told to do a deal of adapting when he comes to handle the play. Boyle singing class. Wednesday next, 7.30. Ladies 7/6, gents. 10/6, per quarter. 5 Hunter-street.* Miss Sylvia Blackston's 'Oralene' Waltz,' which' has been accepted by; H.R.H. the Princess of Wales, is the success of the season.* The best hairdressing rooms in Sydney; hot and cold shampooing, Grime and Smith, 16, first floor, Equitable Buildings, George street.* ? . Miss Bella, v Perman' is ati the London Pavilion. Mr. Charles Cartwright will inaugurate bis Westralian scjlspn at Perth on August 1.' 'viDuring his occupancy of the Cremorne Theatre Mr. Harry Rickards' Variety Co. Will do a week at Fremantle, after which it will visit Coolgardie (August 11), and Kal gborlie (August. 18). Sir Henry Irving having been asked by a correspondent if a University training is essential, to success upon the stage, has re plied as follows: — 'I can only say that, al though a University training is not essen tial to success upon the stage, it must bo of advantage to the actor's equipment. Let him possess tho qualification and .experi ence of ani&ctor; and any education super added Is so Bjuch gain.' . . r ... * - ? ? ??? ('.. THE TALENTED MISS ADELA VERNE. Mr. Sydney Moss, so well . known as a musical authority, was casually asked the other day whit he thought of Miss Adela Verne, the piaiiist of the 'Alva concerts. 'I consider her to be the very best lady pianist that has ever visited Australia,' he replied. 'Shk possesses a wonderful amount of technique of the highest order; yet she does not ...make this as of para mount importance, .but only as a means of adequately expressing the composer's in tentions.' ? 'What do you think of her style of ren dering classical music?'' 'It's always in the true classical spirit, founded on the traditional renderings by the great European 1 artists of' repute. Not only does she play with a natural expres sion, but infuses into all: her rendering much fire, the outcome of a highly artistic temperament not .'usually found in lady pianists.' 'Would you compare . her playing to Mark Hambourg, or would you consider her better?' 'Comparisons amongst musicians are not possible. We are not. all born with the same temperament; - consequently stereo typed performances after a model are not at all artistic. A true artist gives' his bwn conception of a composition, embodying into it all feelings arid moods he thinks were present in the coniposer's mind when he wrote. I should say Miss Verne plays like Miss Verne, and Mark Hambourg like Mark Hambourg.' * * ? » - THE ACTION AGAINST 'THE FIRM.' AMICABLY SETTLED. The action brought by Mr. Hedmondt, the tenor,, against Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove, the lessees of the Shaftesbury, to recover damages for breach of contract has been settled. The particulars of the case were published in the 'Sunday Times' a few weeks ago. The case only came be fore the court formally, when it was stated that all imputations as to the plaintiff's professional capacity and incompetency had been absolutely and unreservedly with drawn. * . ? * « ' . 'THE FIRM'S' NEW TENOR. Mr. Charles Kenningham, 'the -Firm's' new tenor, has made his Australian debut at Adelaide in 'Ma Mie Rosette.'' Speak ing on the performance, the South Aus tralian 'Register' says: Considerable cu'riositv was centred in the first appear ance of Mr. Charles Kenningham, the Savoy tenor, who was cast as Marco, and from whom, as the last one to sustain that character at the recent revival in London under the eyes of Sir Arthur Sul livan and Mr. Gilbert themselves, great things were naturally expected. His audi tors, who gave the new artist a reception which must have made him feel thoroughly at home, had very good reason to be satis fled. Gifted with a fine, robust, musical voice, which he uses with consummate skill,' an imposing figure, and no incon siderable sense of humor, he at. once en listed the favorable sympathies of the house, and he was accordcd ah ovation for a singularly fine oerformance of the solo 'Take a Pair of Sparkling Eyes.' In this pretty number the tenor's 'mezzo voce' effects were particularly charming, and, indeed, by means of graceful and ap propriate gestures, he may be said to have also 'acted the song.' Throughout the piece Mr. Kenningham gave a consistent and thoroughly excellent performance, ? amusing the audience groatly with new 'business,' doubtless invented -.under . Mr. Gilbert's eyes at the Savoy, sipging in' a finished and most artistic manner, and dancing with an ease and grace that could not easily be excelled.' ? » » ? RESULT OF THE BALMAIN CHARITY FETE. The Balmain Charity Fete, organised by Mr. F. Whitton, realised £70, which was satisfactory after the several postpone ments. The expenses amounted to £9 10s. The balance will be divided amongst the Balmain Benevolent Society, St. Vincent de Paul, St. Augustine, and St. Thomas' Societies, to assist the poor during the Winter. 