OVERGROWING HER STRENGTH. now dr. williams' pink pills make weak girls strong. Testimony from well-known and highly- respected colonists is always worth print ing, and the words of Mr. George Marner, of " Lamington," Victoria Road, Aub-irrt Victoria, are of this nature : — '.'I thought I would lose my daughter, Miss Alice,' said Mr. Marner to our reporter recently, "she teas overgrowing her strength. Medical men could do nothing for her." Here M iss Marner entered and quickly told how Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had saved her from death and disaster. " I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from «chool," said she, " I did not feel suffi ciently unwell to take to my bed, but ex perienced a continued languid feeling tint made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I- was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobey ing this order, arid I took the " quinine tonic " given me, with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." " We tried every thing 'to induce sleep,", interposed Mr. Marner, " but it had no effect p'tlien 1 consulted a well-known Collins Street practitioner. He said my daughter , was suffering principally ' from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away f»r a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning ; any food taken could not be kept down. -She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." " This time last year," said Miss Alice, "X weighed 7st.- 31bs., now I am 9st. 71bs." _ . " A great improvement ; your treatment must have been beneficial ? "No - all the medicine I got did ine very little' good. Actually, Dr. Williams' Pirik Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. 3 ust before the Jubilee holidays, last year, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr. Pleasances. Chapel Street, Praia ran, they did me so much good that I continued with them. It-, is a long time since I discontinued taking them", and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish." " And you would recommend them i " Yes and that strongly too," said Mr. Marner, "had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds. _ Parents should think over this — good health ami a hundred- pounds saved. Xt is undisputed that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills build up the constitution, strengthen the system, enrich the blood, and improve the brain. They are a certain cure for indigestion, pimples, skin diseases, liver and kidney troubles, biliousness, atuemia, sleeplessness, rheu matism, lumbago, loss of physicalstrength, | neuralgia, all female irregularities, de bility, sick headache, loss of vital forces, &c.; Obtainable from all chemists and dealers, or from the Dr. Williams Medi cine Co., c/o Rocke, Tompsitt / «fc Co., Flinders Street, Melbourne, who will for ward six boxes for fifteen and threepence, or one box for two and nine, post free. " On no fewer than 550 occasions dur ing the year just closing have members of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade turned out iu response to what have proved to be false alarms of fire received solely from street indicators in the city and suburbs." By the foregoing statement Deputy- Chief Officer O'Brien, who attended the City Court on Monday specially for the pur pose, succeeded in impressing the serious ness of the matter upon the bench, which signified its appreciation and the import ance of checking the nuisance, by inflicts ing a tine of £3 upon a youth who on Saturday evening List broke the glass of a signal in Elizabeth-street, with the ob ject of providing "amusement" for him self and a few friends tit the expense of the firemen. George Batten, a carrier between Bruthen aud Omeo, who had the contract for carting machinery to the Perseverance mine, at Lightning Creejf, in the Omeo district, was the victim of .-what un- doubtedly appears to be a dastardly out- 1 rage last week. Be arrived at the Creek I with a full load, but the descent is so I steep that it was impossible for thel w.iggon to go down, so he made a tern- 1 porary sledge of big trees,' taking half the I load on the first trip. On returning for the balance, which consisted of the battery, table and other machinery, lie found that it had been all burnt. Batten has no doubt that it was the work of an incendiary, and the police are endeavor ing to trace the perpetrator. , In the Warracknabeal district the wheat yiells are turning out far better than wis ejected a few weeks ago. 