AT THE CLUB. 4 Ex-Schoolmaster Mitton rather took you out of winding last week,' said the Sporting Man to the Editor. 41 protest,1 returned that func tionary. * I never sneered at the scholastic calling. I hold it in the highest esteem. Xndeed, X was once very nearly becoming a schoolmaster myself.' 4 Judging from your language when the printers misinterpret your copy,' chuckled the Sporting Man, ' X think it is rather a fortunate thing that you were not entrusted with the instruc tions of youth.' 4 Talking of schoolmasters,' said Mr Close Shave, 4 reminds me of some, thing which occured in Bohemia the other day. If you don't know in what part of Austria Bohemia is I'll buy you an atlas. The Bohemian law provides for the compulsory education of youngsters up to the age of fourteen. While the classes were going on in a suburban school, one of the pupils suddenly got up as the clock struck three, packed up his books, and made for the door. 44 Well, boy," said the master, 44 whither away 1" 44 Sir," re plied the lad with much gravity, 44 X have just completed my fourteenth year, and, a8 it is some seconds since I entered my fifteenth year, you have no legal right to detain me." Then he bowed to the master, winked at his late companions, and was off.' 'That boy'll be a judge some day in Bohemia—a judge of liquor.' This was the reflection of the Poet. • • • . * 4 A State school teacher,' remarked Mr. Close Shave, ( requested the boys in her class to write a brief theme on the River Torrens, including three facts for which they could personally vouch. One youngster took the biscuit with the following contribution :—" I have lived near it; I have rowed over it • I have fallen into it."' 4 Give me the address of that boy,' said the Editor. 4 He would make a paragraphist for Quiz.' a . . • . 4 I've been rearing chickens, lately,' remarked the Bicyclist, 4 and I'm going to give the game best. X don't believe in bringing chickens into the world for my neighbor's cat to eat. As soon as X take a fancy to a par ticular chicken a predatory cat comes along and fancies it too. I've watched my pretty flock growing less and less, and X guess not one of 'em will arrive at years of discretion. X have thought of poisoning the cats, but I'm that soft-hearted I just let them go. In fact, I'm chicken-hearted, or cat hearted, and X was never intended for a chicken rearer. X shall buy my poultry in future. It costs me two bob a week for bran and pollard, and all I get for my outlay is three or four measly eggs.' 4 You don't go the right way about the business,' said Mr. Olose Shave. Let me tell you how a young girl figured the fowl problem out when she wanted to marry a penniless young man of whom her father dis approved. 44 You know that old hen my aunt gave me, father. Well, I have been reading a poultry circular, and I find that a good hen will raise twenty chickens in a season. Well, the next season that will be twenty one hens; and, as each one will raise twenty-one chicks, that will be four hundred and twenty. The next year the number will be eight thousand four hundred, the following year one hundred and sixty-eight thousand, and the next three million three hundred and sixty thousand. Sust think ! At 2s. a piece we will then have £246,000. Then, you dear old papa, we'll lend you some money to pay off the mortgage on this house."' 1 G-arn ! That girl didn't know any thing about cats,' snarled the Bicyclist. 'I'll back a healthy black cat to decimate a fowlyard any day in the week.' *••••* ♦ * A city parson preached on " Dry Bones," last Sunday,' observed the Artist, 'and his remarks were so realistic that a young lady in his con gregation fell asleep. He reminded her of the fact when she awoke. That also reminds me of a yarn of an eccle siastic who was so long-winded in the pulpit that one of the church digni taries insisted on a discontinuance on the ringing of a small bell. One even ing, in full tide on " Effects of Mortal Sio," he had just enunciated, " And all who die in the state of mortal sin shall be damned for ever and ever," when the bell rang. Out went his hand over the congregation with the usual concluding benediction, 'A bles sing which I wish you all in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen."' •Oh, come, that's a cuffer,' was the universal comment. # • ♦ « • ' We were talking about George Rignold's interpolated stage speeches the other night,' began the Dramatic Critic, 'when someone chipped* in with a yarn about Ventriloquist Winton, who is coming to the theatre directly. McGinty, Winton's principal puppet, had been retailing a joke which did not meet with the approval of a stalls patron, who promptly in terjected " Rats !" Quick as lightning came the retort from McGinty—" Put a muzzle on and chase 'em."' ' Stage reminiscenees are mostly lie3,' mused Mr. Close Shave, ' but I recollect in the old days of Melbourne a certain clever but chronically impecunious actor was playing " Hamlet." In the famous ghost scene the spook in tin armor had just delivered the lines " Hamlet, I am thy father's ghost," when there came a shrill voice from the gallery, '1 Then I wish you'd pay Hamlet's washing bill. He owes me five and twopence, and I can't get it out of him nohow."' ' I remember hearing an amateur actor wrestling with the line, " Dare to breath a single syllable and I'll stab you with this dagger." He hadn't got the dagger with him, and that made him excited, so he let out, " Dare to breath a single syllable and 111 stab you with this pistol." And he produced an immense weapon which he flourished wildly in the air. I was that amateur,' added the Musical Man, 1 and I venture to think I got more applause for that speech than Wilson Barrett ever received for his gallery raisers.' • * • • • 41 met an undertaker the other day,' said the Editor, * and, quite un consciously, I asked him " How's business ?" He answered moodily, " Bad, very bad. People don't treat a corpse with any respect nowadays. A cheap coflin, no silver plate, no gloves, a couple <ot mourning carriages, and then, when the bill is presented, a request for discount. Economy! It's worse than economy. It's sordid ness. You can't bury a man more than once, though lucky Christopher Columbus is to be buried for the third time shortly, and therefore you ought to do it well. There's no sort of respect for my profession now. A prominent citizen stuck me up the other day and says he, ' I'm likely to pop off one of these days, Mould, and I want you to have the job. V^|iat are you going to charge ? If your terms are not satisfactory I shall go to your rival, Worms.' That's the sort of thing that hurts a man's professional feelings, sir. Upon my soul I believe before we are many years older a corpse's relatives will call for tenders for burying him. That's what it's coming to." " Cheer up," I said, " we shall have cremation by-and-bye, and what then?' "Then" he answered, with a gloomy smile, " the undertaker will have to follow political advice and go on the land instead of under neath it. But you're looking poorly yourself, sir. Would you mind accept ing one of my cards? Thank you. ' Neatnesss, cheapnes, and dispatch,' is my motto. Good morning, sir. Don't lose my card." After that,' added the Editor, ' I walked along to my doctor, and had five shillings worth of advice on the subject of an intractable liver. When I fully re cover I'm going to treat Mould to a first-class funeral—his own.' • * « • • ' There are lots of people who genuinely believe in the matrimonial advertisement,' observed the Bicyclist. ' I heard of a funny case the other day. A y ung fellow advertised for a wife. He received a perfect shoal of replies, and from them he selected one that was written in a very lady like hand. To this he sent an answer saying that he was in dead earnest, and would like to make the acquain tance of the writer. He also suggested that photographs might be exchanged. He signed himself " Bertie," which was not his name at all. She wrote back over the name of "Birdie"—a fiction—and postponed the sending of a photograph until a more convenient season. The correspondence thus started was maintained with con siderable warmth. He was im pasbioned; she rather coy. Still his ardent wooing began to have its effect, and she softened. A request for an interview was met with a reluctant acquiesence, and it was arranged that Victoria Square should be the place of meeting, the time to be in the dusk of the twilight. Each was to wear con spicuously a certain flower—the usual arrangement. To cut a long story short they met, and discovered that they were SISTER AND BROTHER! I don't think they exchanged any words of love, and I am certain that they did not exchange photographs. He commenced to bluster about her impropriety, and she—well, I think she had rather the better of the argument. She got into a tramcar and went home, and he retired to his office and kicked himself.' ' Reminds me,' said the Musical Man,' of a certain giddy old gentleman in this city who tried to work the matrimonial advertisement dodge. His wife found out and corresponded with him. She was asked to send her photograph and did so. The old gentleman didn't come home for three days and three nights. Wife looked him up on the fourth day, said (How did you like my photograph, George?' and led him home in a perfectly limp condition. She was as nice as possible, and when she had wheedled a cheque for £100 out of himrshe produced a legal document which was a deed of gift for a considerable sum of money. He sigoed like, a lamb, that is if a lamb can sign, and now he is no longer.giddy, but goes to church twice every Sunday. This is a true bill, my friends.' ' Poet,' said the Editor, ' you have been remarkably quiet all the evening. What is the matter ?' ' I have been trying to put myself in the position of Honest Tom Playford. He is wanted as a Parliamentary candidate all over the place, and Pve written some lines to illustrate his dilemma. Here they are— The voters' cries smite on my ears, I love the sound of their applause, My solitude indeed it cheers, When asked to champion their cause, For many reasons I could linger— Onkaparinga! But lo ! a myriad voices rise, In most indignant protest now I point my right hand to the skies, And make a very courtly bow; I know where I shall find a backer— Gumeracha! Still a dissatisfied mob growl, They come from out the middle north ; At sweet Onkaparinga howl, At Gumeracha fume and froth; Sure I shall plough an easy furrow— The Burra! And if not ooe of these, why then, I must with fossils sit and vote, Cooped in a legislative pen, Where things are mostly done by rote; Oh, bid me .not to join the feast In North-East! -1- • -»* Come one, come ail, I'll make no choice Lest all I happen to offend, Yet I could listen to the voice Of one who is my dearest friend ; I'll meet his wish with greatest joy— I'm Charlie's boy ! 