GERMAN WEAVING VILLAGE. An intelligent correspondent has written an account of his visit to a little- known district of Germany, from which we take the following : — About 200 miles from the German capital, in the northern part of the province of Silesia, there is a line of low hills called the Haystack Mountains. Scattered among these hills, some- times in villages and again in detached and isolated log cabins, are to be found about 2,000 people, who are called the Hunger- Menschen— human beings who never have enough to eat. Their business is hand- loom weaving, and it has been carried on so long on starvation wages that their bodies have shrunk and dwindled until the anthropologist may almost classify them as a separate species of the human family. Most of these weavers live in the little county of Glatz, but a few hours' ride from Breslau, and Gold- bach is the Schaudfleck or shame spot of Germany. It was a cold, rainy April morning that. Ryborg and I climbed from Reinerz to the broad plateau on which the miserable little hamlet is situated. In about 30 minutes of stiff climbing we reached the top, and Goldbach lay before us. Its low cabins were strung along both sides of the roadway for nearly half a mile, and even from where we stood we could hear the monotonous click-clack of the long line of looms. Some little children ran into the cabins to make known our arrival. The click-clack stopped for a moment, and ghost-like faces peered out of the windows. Such withered human beings I had never seen before. Their eyes were sunken and dull, and the skin on their faces when not sickly white was of a dingy yellow hue. They looked out upon us bewildered, and then fell back to their looms, and the click-clack began afresh. We wan- dered on to the end of the hamlet and then back to the inn, and the only living creatures we saw were the children and the faces in the window. There was not a horse or dog any- where in sight, and the impression the little village gave us was that of an isolated settle- ment, shut off from human sympathy and even deserted by the domestic animals. Herr Sammek, the mayor, was a wrinkled little man, hardly up to my shoulder, and there was a worried look in his face which I had not noticed among the other villagers. It comes, I fancy, from the wearying efforts to collect village taxes. He was anxious that we should have his official statement of the case. Gold- bach, he said, was the poorest place in the entire district. There are nearly a hundred weavers in the village, and they just barely exist. In the Bohemian-speaking villages far- ther to the west the weavers have always had the alternative of working in the woods or at their looms as they chose, and they are conse- quently better situated. In Goldbach, however, this choice has never existed, and the villagers are now so weak and unaccustomed to out-door labour that they simply cannot undertake it. All that they are capable of is a little work in their gardens and weaving, and the com- petition with machines is so great that their cloth must be sold at the very lowest prices. The Government in 1852 bought the land in Goldbach and resold it to the weavers on the instalment plan, each settler promising to pay fire marks a year on his lot till the debt was cancelled. Before that time the village had been in the hands of large land proprietors, and it was purchased from them in the hope that personal ownership of house and garden would give the weaver a new impetus to work. Had there been enough work for them this hope, no doubt, would have been realised, but hand-loom weaving is so little in demand to-day that the lots are still unpaid for. The average annual income of a family of eight persons is not more than 400 marks, or less than £20. This is sup- posed to cover all expenses, and it is not hard to understand why there are so many mortgages. The main kinds of weaving done in Goldbach are shirtings, handkerchiefs, sheets, and ticking. A middleman, living in Reinerz, furnishes the raw stuffs, and then buys the cloth at a valua- tion agreed upon beforehand. The Govern- ment has also had some work done here, but as it usually wants towels for the army, and the weavers are too weak to do such heavy weaving, the middleman is the main employer. If there is a flaw in the cloth returned to him it is not paid for, and a case is known where a woman worked two weeks on some sheetings and all payment for the cloths delivered was refused because of some little mistake. The bill of fare in the village varies a little in the different cabins, but in the main it consists of rye coffee, rye bread, and meal. A queer mixture of dough and meal is the favourite dish for Sundays. Potatoes are eaten when cheap enough. Most of the weavers have little gardens where they raise all the vegetables they can, but their lots are so small that they have no room for large crops. Their potatoes give out very early in the winter. Meat is sel- dom seen. Herr Sammeck has it once a week, but he earns an extra-150 marks a year for his public services, and can afford it. The others get a taste of it once in six months. The greater part of the weavers in Goldbach are blood kindred, and married couples are fre- quently first cousins, but malformed children are surprisiugly rare. Nearly every household has at least four boys and girls, and up to ten years of age they remain in good health. I asked Herr Pahl, as he had remarked upon the fact, how he accounted for it. He shook his head doubtfully, and at first did not seem to have any explanation to give, but he finally said, " Na ! the air helps a little !" When the children begin to weave, however, the life soon tells on them, and if they keep it up they grow thin and weak. As soon as a child can turn the crank of the spooling machine he is enlisted into the ser- vice, and has almost as many hours of toil as his parents. At five o'clock, summer and winter, he must be up and doing, and after the few hours at school and play, he works on into the night with his elders. I asked Herr Sam- mek if he did not think the older people would be strong if they worked out of doors a little— on farms for example. " We have tried it," he replied, " but we are too thin blooded. Even in summer, if the wind blows hard, we shiver as you do in winter, and no farmer will take us." " But could you not go into factories ?" A look of despair came into his face. " It is the same thing there," he answered. " If we ask a manufacturer for work, he says we can't do enough. You see we lack the strength to run the big machines, and in factories they want people that can work hard. No ; all that we can do is to weave," In answer to an inquiry why there is so little work, be said that the factories controlled the market, and it was only by working cheaper than factory hands that home weavers were able to find any work at all. There is also a prejudice, he said, against hand- loom cloth. Early in the afternoon we started out on our round of the cabins. The first one belonged to a woman nearly 60 years of age, who had been a weaver ever since-her eighth year. I had heard that she took part in the revolution. " Oh, that was a terrible time," she said, hold- ing her finger against her nose in a characteris- tic German way. " We had only grass to eat then. I remember my mother sending me out many a night to cut grass and dandelions for the evening soup. I wasn't in the revolution myself, but my lover was. He never came back——" And the poor old soul began feeling around in the threads of the loom. " Oh, yes ; it's much better now," she continued. " We have bread every day, and you can't starve on that, can you ?" We called next on Heir Pahl, as he had asked us to take his picture. We found him waiting for us on his doorstep, and as we entered the cabin be picked up a sore-eyed skeleton-looking baby, saying, " Gentlemen, this is my eleventh." We saw but six children, and asked where the rest were. " In the grave- yard," he returned, and I fancied that I saw a look of thankfulness on his face. " I don't want charity," he explained, " but I do think they might give me work. If I had enough to do I could feed my children on bread at least, but now I can't earn over three marks a week. That's the reason the other children died. They weren't sick—no one gets sick here—they just got thinner and thinner and withered away." At all of the other cabins we heard practically the same story. The looms were always click- ing, and the children were either spooling or peeling potatoes. HE DIDN'T. " John James, what do you mean by getting into sych a condition ? Say ' Smith's spirit flask split Philip's sister's skull.' " " Wo' do a'y sush shing ! Shan't shay : ' Smith spish frash fish sish-sh-sh.' Wha' for I shay thash ? Won't !" " That's all right. You didn't." MILLIONAIRES OF THE RAND. The story of the rise of the gold-mining in- dustry of the Transvaal, when one day it comes to be written by somebody who has lived and moved in the inner ring of Johannesburg capitalism, should indeed read like a strange romance. Unfortunately the law of libel, which prevents one from always telling with comfort the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, for- bids me (writes a representative) to dwell on the history of the rise to vast wealth of several of the most interesting men in the Transvaal of to-day ; but on the other hand there are millionaires of character and position whose fortunes have been won by merit and sheer ability. Quite Appallingly Wealthy. The two richest men in the Rand to-day are probably Messrs. Lewis and Marks. They are of Polish extraction, and started out to Barber- ton a quarter of a century ago, or thereabouts, to seek their fortunes. By industry and enter- prise they gradually pushed their way to the front, and are at the present time the posessors of wealth almost beyond the dreams of avarice. Both are noted for their generosity in many good causes, and their names may often be seen at the head of the charity lists Mr. Marks lives at Pretoria, and it is no secret that, like Mr. J. B. Robinson, he is one of those Out- landers who are on very good terms with Presi dent Kruger. A Vast Business. The great and varied enterprises of these two millionaires of the Rand are to be seen in all parts of the Transvaal. If there is a farm with gold under it to be developed, it is pretty safe to go to these men to find the money to ac- quire and if need be work it. They are enor- mous owners of property in the Transvaal, and between them possess a big fraction—probably a sixth—of the total area of the country. As may be imagined the astute Kruger is usually only too willing to grand concessions of all sorts and kinds to millionaires like Messrs. Lewis and Marks, and quite lately permission to establish some great glass- works, &c.;, has been obtained. The Rothschilds of South Africa. The Ecksteins might be described without exaggeration as the Rothschilds of South Africa, whilst men like Mr. Beit do not lag much be- hind. Mr. Lax Langerman, a man of light and leading in Johannesburg financial circles— which by the bye is the same as saying " in Joh- annesburg," for they seem all financiers there— has been arrested by the Boer Government. Mr. Solomon Joel, who is a near relative of Mr. Barney Baruato, was the hero of the rain- making incident. During the long drought in the Transvaal he aspired, by means of dyna- mite, to tap the unwilling heavens of some cool and refreshing showers, and attributed his want of success only to the fact that his machine was not powerful enough. Next drought— should he happen to be back again—Mr. Joel intends to attack the heavens with a more powerful instrument brought from the States. From The Bottom Rung. Your South Africa millionaire and multi- millionaire has, it will be found, nearly always risen from the bottom rung of the ladder. Some- times he came to Africa as an ordinary digger ; sometimes he commenced by driving a team of oxen. In fact, if you want to shine in the millionaire line, in South Africa at rate, ap- parently the best thing you can do is to sell all you have, give to the poor, and start with a spade as your sole capital. If you begin with money you will very likely lose it all before you have learned how to scoop together even a small pile. A RARE DISEASE. According to a New York correspondent, a case of " acromygalia, the rarest of all known diseases," is now engaging the attention of the College of Dentistry in New York. A man who rejoices in the Polish name of Molanski is " undergoing a strange bodily metamorphosis. His hands and feet are lengthening, and his face is gradually assuming the characteristics of the past age. The degeneration, or, as some doctors think it, the retrogression, of Molanski is steady, and bids fair to result in the evolving of the long-sought " missing link." Why the dentists should make this strange prodigy their own is not obvious. 