LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. A I'Uhmc meeting will be held in the iletidon Statu School on Saturday night next to tako stcpH towards asking tho Government to ro- purchnso tho Grnuthum Estato under tho provisions of tbo "Agricultural Lands Pur chase Act:" Ci.kaiuno up timo nt tho Fair. When ALfiXAXDEll 4- JfL'.V/JOLS'Fuirn roach this stage, Remnant bargains nro the order of tho day, and tlio prices miiko them interesting to every economic buyer. Tun attention of contractors and others is directed to tho notification in our bunoss columns thin morning to tho affect that tho timo for receiving tenders for tho erection of laundry and cooking plant, Toowoomba Asy lum for tho Insane, has been altered from September 9 to August 20. Easy for the poolcot-book and easy for tho fuvi. mu uiu i>uuis mm ohocs now oemg cioscu out at AI.KXAXDKR $ MUNRtfS Wlntor Fair. Look in nud learn tho prices, That interesting and unique entertainment known ns tho " Land of tho Maori," will bo given in tbo Assembly Rooms on September 12 and 13, Tiik management of tho Blind Musical Students' Concert Company had no reason to complain of tho patronngo accorded them on their ro-nppearanco in Toowoomba on Sunday night >vhcu they gave a sacred concert In tlio Assembly Rooms. Long boforo tbo hour appointed for tho opening, U10 largo hall was uncomfortably filled and quite a number wero unable to obtain admission. A splendid programme wns submitted and keenly enjoyed by tho largo nudionco. Tho most enjoyable numbers of tlio evening woro Mr. Tuinsh's .songs "Tho Holy City" and "If with : all your hearts," both of which wero mag nificently rendered. Mr. Tninsh's beautiful tenor voice is ns sweet as ever, and his singiug was n genuine treat. Miss j j Wolton'a iwoet rendering of " 0' Rest in the Lord," and " Ora i'io Nobis " was another treat, and sho also proved herself to ho an ac complished violinist. Miss Mulvoguo created a favorable Impression with Braga'a " La Scrcnata" and " Como unto Ilim," while Mr. C. Bartlctt wns heard to advantage in "Calvary," and also in a flute solo. Lust evening tlio compnny again per formed to another largo house, when a most attractive programme was rendered. Onco more tho feature of tho evening was Mr. Tainsh's singing, his superb rendering of "The Dcnth of Nelson " being enthusiastically en cored. In response ho delighted the houso with his singing of " Mary of Argylo." One of tlio gems of tho evening was the' duct, "Fisherman," by Messrs, Tainsh and Bart, lelt, which was beautifully rendered. In tho list of patents applied for, ns pub lished in a recent number of tho "Govern ment Gazette" we find tho following: — "Application No. 3910.— Francis Joseph Hutchinson, of lluthvcn-strcct, Toowoomba, in th? colony of Queensland, plumber and gasfiUer. ' A Wnter-hcnting Apparatus specially adapted for Bath purposes.' Dated 7lh June, a.d. 1897.". At the Police Court at Gntlon on tho 12lh, before Messrs. Wiggins and Skinner, JJ.l'., Thomas Plnnt appeared, charged on suspicion of tho larceny of a bullock chain, tho property of Edward O'Neil. Constable Holland con ducted the prosecution and Mr. Lilley (Too woomba), appeared for the accused, who was discharged. nonsK-owNHna will find that Hodgson's «uniwr iiuviT imin iyr iiMuiuH, ppruins, lameness, and strangles in horses. 1M not procuro imitations. Price, is. <;d. For heal ing outs, wounds, and girthgnlls, Hodgson's btyptio Oil for horses and cattle is tho host remedy. 'Priuo, 2s. Od. Prepared only nt tho Toowoomba Phannuoy ; cxtublinhcd 1875. I. L. Hodgson, proprietor. Corner Buthvon and RtiWioll streets 6 Tub butter king of tho world is said to bo Ohndiah Sands, of Chicago, III, Mr. Sands owns eighty creameries, and controls the output of as many moro. Theso creameries nro scattered over tho Stnto of Illinois, and thoir annual produclnmounts to 14,000,0001b. of butter, valued at 2.500,000 dollars. The milk of 120,000 cows is used in tho manu facture of this butter. Iu tho season of tho year when the mills is most plentiful 20,000,0001b. of milk nro daily churned into butter. The milk is gathered by 4000 teams from COOO farms. The " Cairns Argus " says that Southern- ers have most extravagant ideas of the Chilingoo country. Thus: "Last wook a woll-informed adventurer arrived in Cairns from tho South and put up at one of our lending hotels. His luggage ran to a couplo of van loads, for he was bound to tlio city of Chillagoe. Soon after his arrival ho com placently inquired of tho landlord at what hour tho first train left for Chiltngoc. Ima gine his bewilderment when ho was Informed that lio would have to do the greater part of his journey per conch or on horseback. He has gone away South again. Tin: adjourned dobato 011 tho Government proposals for the introduction of tho credit fonder system was resumed at tho Debating Society's Jast meeting on Wednesday even ing under tho presidency of the Speaker. Messrs. Cameron, Walton, and Wnldon spoke in favor of the mensure, whilst Messrs. Stockham and Devino opposed. On the motion of Mr. House the debate wns further changes in the Government in consequence of the removal of Dr. Fisher and Mr. Tnrdcnt. It wns resolved that a minute bo entered testi fying to the attention and intcrost which these two gentlemen had always taken in tho proceedings of tho Society. The other day there passed away at his residence in Mclbourno nt the age of (jfi years a goutlcmnn who played a notable part in tho stirring bushranging days— namely, Mr. Charlos Hope Nicholson, P.M. He was born in Scotland, and joined tho Victorian police as a ondot officer in 1852 with several others who nftorwnrds nltnined high rank in the forco. From the first ho showed great zeal and enthusiasm for duty, and ono of his earliost exploits was in an encounter with bushrangors when stationed nt Kilutorc, one 0! whom he captured by soizing him, when going at full gallop, by tho bnck of tho neck, and dragging him from the saddle. Auothcr of his achievements was tho capture of Poorer, the liushrangor, effected in oompnny with tho Into Mr. JInro and Mr. Montford, u retired officer of the police, now living in Malvern- road. Having traced Power to a hut in tho ranges, Mr. Nicholson, with characteristic dAring, rushed in, and throw himsolf 011 the bushranger, who was lying on a bunk with a loaded gun beside him. Ho took a prominent part in tho hunt nftor the Kelly's, a part which led to a great deal of controversy. Tiik Library of the School of Arts is resum ing its previous usefulness— if anything, readers of fiction havoabcttcrchoicc. Alrendy nearly 1000 books have been tdnccd on ilm shelves, Including the latest works by tho best writers of the day. Tho latest additions havo been—" The Mutineers " (Louis Beck ) ; " A Lost Endeavour " (Guy Boothby) ; " Across tho Salt Sea " (Dloundcllo Burton) ; Mator- famillas " (Ada Cambridge) ; " A Difficult Matter " (Mrs. Lovctt Cameron) ; " Tho Raiders" (Crockett) ; "Tartnrin of Tnrnscon" (Dnudct) ; " Voyago of Consolation " (Dun can); " Crook of the Bough " and "Gallia' (Muriel Dowlo); "Ailsa Gray" (Fonn) ; " Arranged Marriugo " and " Tho Wrong Man" (Gorrard); "Margery Qifcthcr" (Baring Gould) ; " Lucky Lover " (Habber- ton); "Tom Ossington's Ghost" (Richard Marsh); " Tho Sirens " (Meade) ; "Dairocn" and " A Grey Eye or So " (Frankfort Moore) ; "Seats of tho Mighty," "Mrs. Falchion" (Parker); "Iron Piruto" (Max Peiuborton) ; " Sinner "(" Rita") ; "llelleok of Bnurns- ) dale" (Mrs. Humphrey Ward); "Wheels of; Chnuce" (Wells); "Houso of tho Wolf" (Weyman) ; " A Magnificent Young Man M I (John Strango Winter); "A Minister of I Stato" (Steward), and many others. ' Tun annual meeting of the Gyinpio In dustrial Co-operative Society (says tho " Times ") took place in the Oddfellows' Hall last week, when the building was crowded. The first portion of the evening wns given over to refreshments, and a number of songs were also very creditably rendered. Later on the late secretary, Mr. W. Brown, reed tho annunl TCport o! tho society, which showed the fiftlo for tho year to bo £34,950 8s. 8d., the net profit being £2,529 Is. OJd. These were divided as follows: — Dividends, £'2,107 lis. 4d. ; depreciation, £213 3s. 0d.; now oven nccount, £70 ; reserve fund, £39 18s. Id. ; dividend duty. £50 16a. 9d. ; education account, £9 Cs. 9jd. ; and donation to the hospital, £2 2s. The total membership was stated as 675, being an increase of 63 for the year. The shareholders capital invested totalled £0,900 (is. lOJd. The total sales since the society started operations in Febru ary, 1891, amount to £116,254 10s. Oil., from which profits bavo accrued of £11,773 9s. Cd. Dividends have been declared totaling £9,246 5s. lid. ; £258 lCs. 5d. paid to reserve account ; £492 15s. Id. in interest; £1167 lis. 3d. written off for depreciation of plnnt, etc. ; £169 16a. 9d. paid in dividend duty ; £63 10s. 7Jd. to the education fund, and £37 10a. OJd. paid nwny in small amounts for sundry pur poses. A vnuY pleasing function tool: place at Grecnmount 011 Sunday, when tho ladies of Itnmsay presented the Rov. Father Bailoy with a beautiful set of vestments made of white inolre and brochc sill: richly trimmed with gold lace, and ornamented with a lovely embroidered pelican in the centre, the whole forming n clmsto and elegant appearance, reflecting great credit 011 the Sisters of Moray at St. Ann's Industrial School, where tho vestments were mauc. Accompanying me gift wns the following address nicely illu minated : — "Rev. P. J. Bailey. Dear Rev. Father,— While we havo great pleasure in presenting you, on your departure, with tho accompanying small token of our esteem and regard, we regret that the occasion arises when you have to leave our district, whero you have so long and succccssfully labored in tho true cause, and whero you have made so many friends, whoso wishes arc, that your future may bo blessed with much happiness and whoso thoughts will be ever with you! in the hope that you may lc long spared to con tinue your work in the noble sphere you have chosen for life. Wo feel sure, although ex pressing our very great regret at your de parture, that, wherever you may ho called to labour, your kindly disposition, indomitnblo energy and general good nature, will gather around you many friends, who wc feel confi dent will have tho same kindly thoughts and wishes for your welfare ns those you leave behind yon in Rcunsay. Praying that you may live long to wear our llttlo gift, Wc re main, Yours respectfully, For the Ladies of llamsay, Tottib Ni:.m.k, Ivatb O'Kixvtk. Ramsay, August Mth, 1898." Father Bailey, in replying, said it was ijuito a surprise party to him! but us it was of such an ngrccablo nature ho wan more grateful than surprised. He accepted tho beautiful gift with many thanks, and felt ho could hardly convey to the ladies as he would wish, his gratitude for tiio kindness they had always shown him, and the honor they had that day conferred on him. Much as he vnlucd their gift, he prized more tho spirit that prompted the giving— viz., mo iricniiHinp ami goon wikucs ui mu people, Tho remembrance of tho past seven years would always be dear to him. The Toowoomba parish was his first mission, and it was impossible that the kindness shown him hero would ever fudo from his memory, no mnttcr to what part of tho colony his duties called him to labor. In repenting his thanks ho felt happy to know that if ho ehotitd leave tho parish he will leave none but good friends behind. Wo arc informed that nothing is definitely settled as to Father Bailey's movements, ns It is neither tho wish or desiro of Archbishop Dunne that ho should leave Toowoomba. Colds, Coughs, Influenza, Bronchitis, Soro throat, Iluskincss, or IIonvKcneas of voice itc., are promptly and effectually cured by that well known, prompt, pleasant, and perfect remedy for throat and chest comnlnints. Noble's Cough Cure, prepared and sold In 3b. lid., 2s. 0d., and -Is. littles at tho Medical Hull, by tho propiotor, W. A Noble, Pharma ceutical Chemist, Ruthven-strcct, Too woomba. 4 Tiik mutual report of the Now Zealand Go vernment Insurance Commissioner states that the new busincssshows a considerable increase upon tho previous year. The number of pro posals received was 4351 for £933,488, of which nearly 9 por cent were deferred or declined. Tho mtmbor of polioics actually completed was 3136. Insuring £665,898, and the new annunl premiums amounted to £21,591, in nddition to single premiums for £1282. Tlio new bnsincss was £59,912 in ndvanco of the previous year's, both general i.rnl temperance sections sharing in tho in crease. Twenty-four immediate annuities, for which tho purchase money amounted to £8852 were also granted, securing to their holders £622 per annum. The total amount of business now in forco is 36,171 policies, Insuring £9,002,601 (nud £851,409 bonuses) ut dcnth or maturity, together with annuities fnr £in..IRR nnr nnninn ? tbo wlinle benrimr im annual premium income of £200,585. In the Civil Service insurance section which is in cluded in the foregoing total business, there nrc now 206 policies In force, insuring £30,761, and entitling the survivors nt ago 60 to annuities amounting to £7872 per annum. The details of income and expenditure go to show that the former nmountcd to £398,121, the pre mium income showing an incrcaso of £10,059. Tho revenue from interest has risen from £124,255 to £128,421, though the rata of interest earned has decreased. An official valuation of tho policies dis closes tho fact that tho department is at the present time in a position to make n nctt premium valuation of its liabilities at 8J per cent., and retain a sur plus in hand toward next bonus. An average rate of £4 16s. 7d. por cent, was earned dur ing the pa3t year, so that in preparing to value nt 3J per cent, care is being taken to keep well in advance of all possible require ments. Claims made through death amounted to £92,706, nnd the claims by maturity of. policies to £53,392. Tho accumulated funds havo increased during tho yenr from £2,591,342 to £2,725,106. The total assets of the depnrtmeat nmountcd to £2,788,670, the return showing an incrcaso of £31,702 in loans on policies. The overdue interest on nil accounts, which last year stood at £701, lias been further reduced, being now £482 representing three- eighths per cent, of the total interest receipts. " To be able to collect £99 12s. Od. out of every £100 of interest due Is," says the Commissioner, 'a record which A nkw and most effectivo remedy for para" sitio insects which infest the scalp ana are particularly troublesome to ohildron attending schools, has been brought forward by Mr. W. A. Noble, Chemist. This indispensable nursery adjunct is a great boon to mothers as its occasional uso effectually prevents nil trouble in this direction. Noble's Sanitary Hair Lotion for the nursery Is sold in bottles at Is., U. fid., and 2s., nt W, A. Noble's Medical nail, Toowoomba. 6 