IN THE NICK OF TIME A irrrxa iMrs. Brooke a fool ? Not a bit of it. Plenty'of people thought her one, misled by her guileleess baby face, her engaging airs of helpless ignorance and the empty chatter, which flowed so unceasingly from her pretty lips. At the same time they were mistaken. She might be ill educated, knowing nothing of, and earing less for, science, art, literature, or politics. Nevertheless, she was quite clever enough to look after her own interests, and to be quoted by nine men out of ten as the nicest woman of their acquaintance. At eighteen, too, as the insignificant daughter of a country parson, she had been sufficiently intelligent to attract the notice of old George Brooke, of Brookeby, to marry him, and, in the difficult position of a young and pretty woman tied to a surly husband three times her age, to conduct her self with such circumspection as to win the approval of the county and the confidence of her lord and master, who six years later died, leaving her five thousand a year at her own dis posal. Yet, being but human, she had made her slipe. It was of one of these slips-the one gigantic act of folly of her life, that senseless love affair of hers with Phillip Tyron that she was thinking one November afternoon. 'I must have been mad,' she told herself. Mad indeed to have allowed herself ever to listen to the vows of devotion which he was noto riously ready to lay at the feet of any pretty woman; to respond to them; nay, more, to write those fatally com promising letters, and to a man Snotoriously destitute alike of mercy or honour whore women were con cerned. .'I wasmad!' she repeated. How mad she had never really roalised till that moment ! At the time the episode had not troubled her over much. Colonel Tyron had come and gone, had loved, and had ridden away. She had come to her senses; the affair was dead and buried, and there was an end to it. And now, when after six years of slavery, cut oi;f from all the plea sures of youth-six years, during which, tied to the chair of a querulous old man, she paid to the full the price of her present liberty-now that she was admired, wealthy, free to consult her own inclinations; now that the one man she would have chosen out of the world had just laid at her feet his name, himself, and his worldly goods; Snow this ghost of the past must needs rise again to pull down the edifice on which her whole future happiness rested! Was ever the resuscitration of an old love more inopportune ? She was disturbed-oppressed by a vague foreboding of ill-when, arriv ing at the Finches' for a week's covert-shooting, she found Colonel Tyron among the party. She quite agreed with her fiance, Sir James Blunt, when he expressed his annoy ance at the presence of such a man. 'I may be straitlaced,' he. said, 'but, personally, I don't think he ought to be allowed inside any decent house, and I am surprised the Finches should have him here. In a wayhe is good e?ompany, and a good shot, so that people seem to put up with him. As it is, you can't help knowing him, I suppose ?' ,'But I do know him already, worse luck !' she confeesed- what was the use of concealing what before long must ,bo known?-ho came to Brooksby once, fSir James frowned. ' At all events, have as little to do with him as pos. sible,' he said. ' That I can safely promise,' she re joined, 'for I like the man as little as Syou do.' Never was woman so sweetly sub. missive to the will of man. Never was promise more sincerely and quickly given. Would, alas! that it migit have been kept with equal promptitude! Mrs. Brooko, with the feebly cvasive tactics which were all she dared to pursue, was no match for Colonel Tyron with his obvious deter mination to reew the old relations. 'What shall I do ?' wondered the unfortunate woman. ' He means to get me to marry him. What shall I do P?' Why, refuse him. Let him pro pose, and have done with it. A gentle man cannot refuse to accept his dis miseal at the hands of a lady. Thaet o should attempt coercion I Oh, im iassble ! Not to. be thought ot! Bht that was precisely what had hap pened., Gentleman or not, Colonel Tyron, not three hours ago, had re fused to take no for an answer. -' You don't know your own mind,' he said, coolly. 'You loved me before. You will love me again. I am sare of it, We know one another. W:e are admirably sunited to one another. You will reconsider your decision, I am sure.' ,'Never!' she deolared. 'How can I,when I have already promised to marry another man ? It s out of the question. Indeed, you have no right to speak to me of marriage at all, and I must bsl you not to mention the subject again.' "I cannot obey you. My olaims, remember, are prior to Sir James Blunt's. I must .and will enforce them.' tWhe.tdo you meant' She was Simpressed by his determination. SWhat I say. I will never give you a?p to another man,' 'And I will never give up Sir James.' '' In that ease it is he who will give you up when that old correspondence of ours has been submitted to him, as it most ertainly will be.' Ohoking with rage and terror, she turned upon him. You dare to say ?you will show-my letters?' she Shave no choice,. I am not so poor a lover as to give up the woman I adore without a single blow. Be. sides, all is fair inlove and war. See! This is Wedlnesday, Think it over and after tea on Friday I will come to you here for my answer. Be kind, ELla, to yourself and to me. Don't drive me to extremities. All, I swear, shall be well it only you will say yes.' 'And if I say no ?' ' Then I shall have no choice but to place your letters in Bir James' hands. He must decide.' ' It will do you no good,' she cried, defiantly. ' You may ruin me, but I will never, never marry you.' He smiled. 'Never is a long time,' he said, with the air of confident superiority she found so maddening. 'I know you better than youknow yourself. I can trust to time to prove to you the worth of my love and constancy, as well as the value of a husband s name and protection. The world, remember, is a censorious one, and a lone woman lies completely at the mercy of evil tongues. She clinched her little fists in im potent fury. ' You fiend-coward !' she cried. ' Oh, if I were only a man!' 'Be reasonable, Ella. I am no fieond, no enemy. Believe me, I am your true and faithful lover.' ' Then have mercy upon me! Give me the letters, I beg and implore of you, and I will be your grateful and devoted friend for life.' He smiled. 'I do not want your friendship, but I will give you the letters-on our wedding day.' And then she broke down com pletely. Threats, abuse, tears, pitiful appeals for mercy-she tried them all. They provoked renewed assurances of his devotion, but no hint of yielding in his purpose. Oh, it was hard-hard to be ruined for an indiscretion of which, too, she had sd heartily repented. To lose all, not only the position and wealth for which her soul craved, but also the man she loved with all her heart. And she would have made him so true, so tender a wife. Except for the one false step, she had\boeen a good wife to old George Brooke. He cer tainly thought so. And if she had satisfied the husband for whom she cared so little, how much more would she satisfy the man she adored! And now all was over! For whatever happened, she must lose her lover. Unless-' If only one could get hold of those letters!' she said to herself. ' After all, why not ? In all prob ability he had them with him. And men are always careless about their keys. Could one not steal up after dinner? . . . Burely an attempt migt be made.' It was made-with.no result but the humiliation of being found out. She could have sworn that no one had seen her enter or leave Colonel Tyron's room, and that she had replaced everything precisely as she found it, yet ' Don't try that on again,' he said, with a meaning laugh, as he wished her good- night. 'It's dangerous; quite useless, too.' They are here,' tapping his breast pocket, ' and here they will remain-till Friday.' All through the long watches of a sleep less night Mrs. Brooke turned and tossed in despair. ' What shall I do ?' she groaned. 'What shall I do ?' The thought of suicide at once crossed her mind, only to be abandoned. She was both too brave and too cowardly not to fight the fight out to the bitter end. 'If I were only a man, I would drag the letters from him by force,' she vowed through her set teeth. Well, she was not a man, but there were men -Bob Baunders, for instance. He was coming the next day. He might help her. He was the very man to help her. Not a lover! Heaven forbid! Lovers cherish strange ideals and de lusions, which it does not do to dis turb. Besides, lovers are selfish folk. They don't do anything for nothing. No! Bob was just the oldest, the best, and most staunch friend she had in the world, neither making any pre tence at perfection himself nor ex pecting it from his associates; with the kindest of hearts, too, through which his sound head might surely be worked upon. More-he detested Colonel Tyron. She remembered with relief now, even in the old days, Bob had warned her against the man. At the time she laughed at the warning -thought it jealousy. If only she had listened! Never mind; Bob would help her now-if not for love of her, then for hatred of her enemy. She hastened to confide in him. Drawing him into the conservatory after dinoner, 'I've made a tersible goose of myself, do you know ?' she sighed. ' Been ani gone and donefor myself entirely. Mr. Saunders v as a man of few words. 'What is it ?' he asked. ' Man or money?' ' Man-Colonel Tyron. He is bent on getting me to manrry him. What im Ito do?' ' Refuse him.' 'I can't, I daren't. Oh, Bol, if you only knew how wretched I am i The fact is, I was idiot enough to write him some letters years ago, and now he threatens-imaginas what a scoundrel he must be I--that if I don't throw over Sir James Blunt he will send him the letters, He'll do it, too, the brute I' Mr. Saunders did not waste time in invective. ' Are they bad ?' he merely asked. 'Awful! James would never for give them. I should die. If only I could get hold of them! I have done everything I could think of. I've raged, begged, prayed, nearly gone on my knees to him. I'm in despair. Oh, Bob,'wouldn't you-couldn't you help me ? SWhat could he do? F postulate, and be told to mind his own business? Use force ? The days of duelling are p;ast. Besides, to brawl over a woeman would be a strange way of helping her to keepher reputation. Asn for threats, .··/ /- I they muet be empty ones. Any at tempt to show up the man must recoil a thousandfold on the woman's head, as no one knew better than Tryon would know. Yet, looking at her miserable face, her eyes laden with tbears, her lips piteously quivering, how could he tell her all this? 'I' l do what I can,' he said; whereupon Mrs. Brooke, who possessed the envi able capacity of throwing off her cares by the simple expedient of shifting them to the shoulders of some other person, went happily to bed and to sleep. It was a cruel and unexpected blow to her when the following morn ing, in answer to her interrogative glances, he shook his head. 'Very sorry,' he said. 'Did my best, and got roundly snubbed for my pains. He won't give them up.' ' He won't ?' she asked blankly. The women had gone out to watch the shooting, and she was standing with him in a ride alone. 'Can't you make him ?' 'Only by making a scandal, which is the very thing we want to avoid.' 'Then can nothing be done?' To his infinite relief she didn't cry. All the baby softness had left her face, which was set and hard. 'Why not tell Blunt yourself in your own way and chance it ?' he sug gested, feebly. She took no notice of the words. 'I wish I were a man,' she said abruptly. ' Why ?' ' I would kill that scoundrel.' Ani then she laughed. 'As it is, being a woman, all I can do is to go home and cry. Good-bye. I can't stay here to talk and laugh and make believe. I'l be off. You can tell James I have a headache. No, don't come with me. It's not half a mile, and I'd sooner be alone. Safe ? Of course I'm perfectly safe. I'm not going near the guns.' No sooner had she gone than he was sorry for it. Accidents happen so easily. In her desperate frame of mind she would certainly not take precautions against danger. She might even court it.. He ought not to have let her go until the drive, at all events, was over. Yet, when a lady tells one she would rather be alone- 'Poor little soul!' he re fleeted. 'I shouldn't be sorry if Tryon did got between me and a pheasant, and if by accident my gun did happen to go off.' And then, hearing a shot, he decided just to look round the corner, and see if she were safe out of covert. He looked. Well! Odd creatures women, to be sure! There she was, with a man, just inside the covert-Tryon, of all men, too laughing and talking away with him, showing her pretty dimples, and emil ing up into his face with that charm ingly confiding way of hers. Bob shook his head. 'Trying to make a fool of him,' he reflected. 'That won't do. Tryon's too old a bird to be caught with such chaff.' But hero the advent of a fine cock pheasant sailing along effectually diverted his thoughts. And herecame another, and another. Bight, left. behind, in front-the air was full of them. And so, in this hottesat corner of a well-stooked covert, with a strong wind driving the birds across the tall tops of a belt of fire, Mr. Saunders for the next ten minutes had neither time nor inclination to give his mind to anything but the work of slaughter. At last the cannonade grew less and less, dwindling to an occasional stray shot, and here were the beaters. Well, like all good things, it was over. No, not quite. A last shot rang out-Tryon, of course! What luck the man had! The birds simply fly into his month. Not that Mr. Saunders had anything to coim plain of, as he put his gun at half cock, complacently surveyed a small heap of empty cartridgeocases and a big heap of birds, and strolled to wards his left-hand neighbour. Nor did he complain. He was just ex pressing the opinion that, if the day went on as it had begun, no one would have much to find fault with, when a seream-a woman's cry for help-startled the pair, and sent them post haste down the ride, round the corner out of the covert. There, just outside, lay Colonel Tryon on the ground, with a frightful wound' in his head, from which the blood was pouring in 'streamse. Mrs. Brooke, by his aide-her dress and hands all bedabbled with blood, her face white and rigid-rushed at them. 'He shot himself !' she whispered hoarsely, pointing to the prostrate man.: 'He did it himself.' And then she burst into a wild fit of laughter, which ended in a dead faint, He did it himself? Of cource who else could have done it ? The loader had gone in search of a badly wounded bird, and Mrs. Brooke had started homewards. Hearing her name she turned. Colonel Tryon was hurrying after her, when he elipped and fell at her feet. Quite so. There was the projecting root of the tree over which he must have tripped, dis charging his gun, the contents of which lodged min the right ear and caused instant death. A most deplo rable accident. No one everthought otherwise, except Mr. Saunders. e might believe-as a matter of fact he did believe-that Mrs.. Brooke her self, and not blind fate, was respon sible for the removal of her enemy from her path, This belief, however, he has carefully kept to himself. After all, it was no business of his, The man was a brute1 who richly deserved anything he mIght get. For the rest-the letters vanismhed, and theso was an end of the matter. All the same, Mr. Saunders has never seen his way to aoosqting of the frequent invitations given him by Sir Jamews Blunt. He is delighted to hear of the domestio felicity enjoyed by his old friend, but he does not care to witness it. To tell the truth, he has a dlistinct aversion to any further communication with Lady Blunt;'nor, ask'e shrewdly suspects., is the sight of him particularly agree able to her.-ls IPRerld. 