THE BLAKE FAMILY. [BY BETA.] CHAPTER IX. Monday, ISth March, 1041, was an eventful day to several of tne persons %%ho have figured in this story. For several previous weeks' umour had been busy, and it had come to be known that a great suit was to be tried in the Supreme Court to determine the right ful ownership of a fortune, producing an income of not less than £r2,ooo a year. The person in actual possession of the prize was our scheming, unscrupulous acquaintance, James Blake; and the claimant was his cousin Charles, who was about to dispute the validity of the will under which James, and his guard ian together, had held and drawn the revenues of the property for some t.enty- three years past. Charles Blake had, as we know, suf fered much at the hands of his cousin, and he had vowed that if he ever got the young man in his power he would be even with him. That time, he belie ved had now come. He had been ad; rised that the will under which James held the property was only a will in name, and, therefore, the money which his cousin was assumed to have inheri ted under that will belonged to himself, Charles Blake. The sum in question was about ,£co,ooo, and Charles sought to recover that. Then there was an annual income, X 2,ooo, which had been illegally appropriated, as the :laim ant alleged, during twenty three years. And, as23 times 12 make 276 there was a nice little sum of £276,ooo-the mesne profits of the estate, as the law yers call back rents, or income-to be recovered as well. But even this was not all. Charles Blake's lawyers in sisted upon his claiming interest, at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum upon each year's income ; and, as these two last claims, at the very lowest computation, amounted to another £5co,ooo, what James Blake now had to do was to re sistaclaimof something like £J ,ooo,ooo -a very different thing from his recent amusement of fabricating letters with a view to ruin his cousin's reputation, and destroy his prospects of happiness. It was fortunate for James Blake's peace of mind during the evil days upon which he had now fallen, that he did not believe his cousin Charles had the ghost of a chance of bringing his claims to a successful issue. When the first note of alarm was sounded, he in structea his solicitors to obtain counsel's opinion upon the case, and he had been assured by the foremost men at the bar that his position was unassailable. That being so, he had only the worry to face, together with the expense such worries generally entail. For the rest, he re flected with no small amount of com placency, that his purse was a good deal longer than Charles Blake's was, and that that impulsive young man stood a very fair chance of dropping a consider able sum of money before the lawyers had done with him. And. it is only right to say that the public was of the same way of thinking. There was the usual preliminary skirmishes before the real battle was fought. The party attacked wanted to know the method, and the places along their lines in which an assault was to be made. The assailant, on the other hand, strove to disclose as little of his strategy, and unmask as few of his bat teries as possible. In doing this he was assisted by the defence, whose confi dence in the strength of their position made them careless. Hence, their in terrogatories were neither so searching as usual nor pressed with the persistency which they might have been. When, at length the day of trial ar rived the court was crowded almost to suffocation. No civil case had excited so much interest within the memory of man. The' odds' were offered and taken as freely, as if the two Blakes had been a pair of thoroughbreds entered for the cup at Flemington. The ' books that were made on the ' event' might have satisfied the aspirations of a plunger upon any course. Needless to say that James Blake was the ' favo rite,' nor that the odds were too to 3 against Charles-or the ' Ballarat colt.' as he was called. This, in addition to the personal friends and acquaintances of the litigants ; the contingent of law yers such cases draw to the courts; be sides the regular habitues of the temple of Justice-numbers of people we'e drawn to the scene of conflict, for no other reason than that-'they had money on it' In fact, they had so much money on that many of them had good cause to rememoer it long after wards. There were other points of interest connected with this trial which sorely puzzled the quid nuncs; and one of these was the contrast between the legal forces arrayed against each iother. James Blake, for instance, had secured tile strongest bar that the ranks of the profession could furnish. Each of ihe three gentlemen rettined to do bat!e for him was a noted leader in the legal army. The time when either of them had condescended to hold any except a leader's brief before this case had long gone by, MIr Phatbriet, Q.C., the cele blated crossexamtner, was a onesser of strength in himsacl. He was no lawyer to speak of; but an ao-i-t at crosr-ques ..ongi - so much so that, ' is said, havI".once coaxed a certain nar.rless personage . .o the wiisess-box, he so, bull ed and torr, ed tile old gentle man that he first sta.ttd then swore, and at last fairly tunlred taO and rats away-roa;ing out, as he escapea rtm antdi'.!", that it would be his turn soon out for cinl; ref would have to look in the case; u1tach was the leader story of his enuoun er of course, the must have been the invett iabolus enemy, of an MIr Wheazelle, thie gentleman who was to follow Mr Phatbrief, was another formidable advelsary. His forte lay in his success in the detection of flaws and steak spots genaerally in a case, and the facility with which ihe could wriggle through an ill-jointed Act of ParTa. ment Could hie but discover a chink, or crevtce ihio which Ihe could insert tre rip of his poi Ited nose, the ultimate passage of his whole body was almost a foregone conclusiot. Mr Eksbench completed ils formiidable trio. On the other hand, the names of the gentlemen whio nele selec:ed to do bat tie for Ci,'es Ifke were kept seciet, alnmost up ,to iile d.y of ,ritl. His cous:n h.ld been fitst ;n ,ie ield, and, ir ':olseqtetlce. ihad ~he pick of ihe basaket, as h.e say:ng is ; and, a!lhou-h I there were tome very able men stll left or Ch.arles to choose from, it was: ev;dent :hat his cousin had secured the reaily big guns, and that he would have to fight them wi,h weapons of lesser (lega') cail!re. Nevertheless, as his cause had been entrusted to one of the most en.;nent finms of solici ors in Melbourne, it was assumed that his in:eres,s were being properly looked afLer. But, when the day came, and the legal forces were ac.uaiiy arrayed against each otder -in open cour., the surprse that was manifes,ed was great indeed. The leading cotiusel for Charles Blal:e proved to be'that Mr Johnstone wi.h whom the reader is already sligdtly acquainted. And, al though he was what is termed ' a rising baeris;er,' as a forensic luminary he was yet somewhat low down in the legal firmament. As for his colleagues, or juniors- well ; they were his juniors in all respects. When the six lawyers faced each o:her across the table, somebody re marked that Charles had brought three lightly-armed second rate cruisers to engage against three powerful ironclads; whilst those who had already laid odds upon the chances of the favourite, went out to try and put a little more money 'on the same colt.' But, whilst the crowd considered Charles Blake's chances to be desperate, there were a few-a very few-who looked deeper into things and, without exactly know ing why, were disposed to think his prospects were not quite so uncertain as trey seemed. For instance, those who Knew much about the astute firm of solicitors who were conducting the case, regarded the weakness of the bar as an indication of the strength of the posi tien, rather than otherwise; and amongst those who so thought were Mr Platbriefand his colleagues. They had themselves been too frequently em ployed by, and were too well acquainted with the great abilities of the solicitors for the other side, not to recognise that the signals held out which the public read-' line clear,' really meant 'danger ahead ; proceed with caution.' Then, again, there were other circum stances which puzzled them. There were only three possible witnesses who could do anything for the defence; but, upon the evidence of these, not only Thomas Blake, and James, the actual defendant, but their legal advisers as well, felt absolutely certain their cause would begained. But, when communi cations were opened with these persons, it was found that they had been already summoned to appear on behalf of the plaintiff. So they were summoned again; and thus it happened that both plaintiff and defendant relied upon the same set of witnesses ! Was ever such a thing heard of before ? Why, there was no possibility of perjury on either side. Another perplexing thing was the provuking ease and composure with which the three young lawyers bore themselves. There was no flurry-no betrayal of anxiety; neither was there anything like ostentatious confidence. They were as serene as if they had come to hear a lecture upon the Law of Evidence, instead of being champions just about to fight, and perhaps lose, an important battle. The case was heard before the Chief Justice and a special jury. In his opening address Mr Johnstone briefly described the nature of the be quests of James Blake, who died in Londonin the year i8g6, as described by Dr Jervois, in the first chapter of this story. He laid special stress upon the fact that the legacy of £5,ooo, and the annuity of £5oo a year, were left to Mary Blake, not because she -was the wife of testator's brother, Thomas Blake, but because she had been Mary Jansen, the beloved of James Blake himself. Likewise that the bulk of the fortune had been left to her eldest son, should she have children, no matter whether by her then living husband or by a possible second marriage. ' You will not fail to observe,' counsel continued-' that no bequest is made to Thomas Blake. His name is not even mentioned in the will, ex cept once, and then it is as that of the person to whom the heir is forbidden to bequeath any of James Blake's money. There can be no mistake about that, and you can therefore imagine what would be the dead man's feelings, could his ashes be rekindled with the sparkof life, at beholding this objectionable per son revelling in the uncontrolled pos session of all that money, as he did over a period of nearly seventeen years, and then see it pass into the hands of a young gentleman for whom it wasnever intended. No; in the event of Mary Jansen's eldest son not living to the stipulated age, the money was to pass to James Blake's youngest brother William, and his issue. The 'stipu ted age' at which Mary Blake's son was to inherit--that son being the late Francis Blake-was cet rorth in the plainest possible words, and in thile tes tator's own handwriting. And, gentle men, as the crux of the whole question at issue is contained in those words, I must ask you to pay special attention to them. The heir was to come into his fortune-" whenever- he shall hare lired the fal perio I of twenty three years \- the full period of twenty-:hree years,' repeated Mr Johnstone slowly and im pressively: 'and again I say you will have to examine, and possess your minds to the full meaning of those few words. You will not have failed to oiserve, gentlemen, that the phrase is s"'-,what unusual. The testator does not ) sa e heir is to inherit on the at Had he seidn0 e twenty-third birthday. Blake would have bet ancis There is no gainsaying, for e . 'uk hea unquestionably attained that ak'-ndl my learned friends opposite will tellfy,. and are ready to prove that he lived through that day, and had actually entered up;n his twenty-fourth year at F-v time of his death. No-_ gentleman, I need not tell men yof our n t-ii.,ence that what you have been brought"t,,, for, is to gi-e effect to the wishes and t,. intentions of the late James Blake, as exP,.sed in his will. A-d these intentions ere not conveyedtoyou at second hand, througlh ihe medioun of some solicitor employed to embody them in a will, and in the zumbersomephraseoloy which, I regret to say, we lawyers use, but you have them at first hand, and from the testa torsown pen. Jamnes Blake, therefore, speaks to you fiom the gra.ve; and as he is powerless to rectify this grevious wroilg, hIe calls upon you to redress it for himt. You will be told that James Blike's isises have been respected. thlta Faanecis B:.ke hIaving inherited the money devised it to his infantson--that ,he appoinLnuent of his father, the ob jec ionable Thomas Blake, that infants Sguardian was only natural, and in no wise contrary to the terms of the will. Fortunately I am not called upon to argue that point. I have simply to prove to you that the late Francis Blake had no money to bequeath, either to his in'ant son or anybody else.' l)r Jervois was then called, as the fiist witness for the plaintiff. Sum marised, his evidence was as follows: He was in attendance at the birth of Frank Bl.Te ; that, owing to a c.rcum stance that occurred ea-'ier in the even ing, he had been requestsd to be par ticular in noticing the e:act minute of the child's bi':n, and to s:gn a certi ficL.e reco:ding it ; that the event actually occurred as the clock at the Gener:l Post Office was tollingthe hour of midnight-that is, he was born with the beginning of November 9th, sS94, and the witness gave a certificate to that effect before leaving the house. He further deposed that he was at Francis Blake's bedside, together with Dr Young, since deceased, and Dr. James, now present in court, at the moment of the young man's death. which occurred at 5 minutes and 3o seconds after midnight on November 8th, or, more correctly speaking, at 5 minutes, 30 seconds, a.m., on the 9th November, 1917. The Chief Justice.-' The deceased was 23 years of age then, when he died ?' Dr Jervois.--' That is so, if clocks are to be believed.' Mr Johnstone.-' As a matter of fact Dr Jervois, did you then consider that, in the words of the will, the deceased gentleman had lived the full period of twenty three years ? Dr Jervois.-' Unquestionably. I told the father so.' Mr Johnstone.-' And you gave a certificate to that effect, and to provide for such a contingency as has now arisen ? Dr Jervois.-' Yes." Mr Johnstone. -' At whose request ?' Dr Jervois.-' At the request and on the behalf of Mr Thomas Blake.' Mr Johnstone.-' Thank you. That is all.' Cross examination was not necessary, as Dr Jervois had also to give evidence on the other side. It was the same with Dr James, who merely confirmed the evidence that had been given by Dr Jervois. The next witness was the Registrar of Births and Deaths for the southern division of Fitzroy, who put in the registers containing entries of the birth and the death of Francis Blake, which were read out, and corroborated the evi dence of the previous witness. No other witnesses were called, and, as Mr Johnstone rose to his feet to ad dress the court, people were saying to each other-' why, he proved the case for defendant !' As for .Johnstone himself, now that the critical moment had come-the moment of real conflict when he must unmask his batteries he looked serious enough. ' What do you think of it ?' Wheaz elle whispered in the ear of his leader. ' I don't like it,' was the reply. ' The fellow is up to mischief. So far he has not given the least indication what he is after. You see he has proved our case for us, as ably as it he held our brief. He either plays a deep game, or else he is a fool.' (To be continued) 