Chapter XXIV.— Tricked. It suddenly occurred to me tnat Wrignt, when she confronted him in the bush, had called her "Jean." I determined to use this name as my trump card. "I have called to enquire for Miss Jean," I said carelessly. Tho woman's face froze. " I know nothing about any such person," she said formally, and without more ado tho door was closed in my face. But it take3 more than a door to baulk a man who is thoroughly in earnest. I waited for a few moments till I hoard her pass out on the back verandah. Sounds of splashing told me she was busy at the wash-tubs. I walked around the house, stood watching her an instant, then I stepped upon the verandah. Her face paled at sight of inc. "Do not mistako me, Mrs. Brown, I am one of Miss Jean's true friends." "I have nothing todo with your Miss Jean," she answered sharply. I saw a look of fear in her eyes. "Well, perhaps you know.lier under another name. I mean the young woman dressed in boy'3 clothes who came to your house three months ago." "I don't know anything about any young woman dressed in boy's clothes," she answered more trenchantly than before. But I- knew that she lied. "She came here," I went on calmly, "and she may or may not have told you her story. Anyhow 1 think she must have mentioned a— faithful friend—Garth Owen—perhaps she called him 'Sawbones."' I noticed a look of indecision creep across the woman's face, but she made no conscious sign of relenting. "I am Garth Owen." The sheet she was washing dropped out of the woman's hand. " Good Lord, sir, where can she be?" she gasped out. Her face was absolutely livid with fear. " Explain yourself." Didn't Miss Jean come here 5" "She did, sir, and she was that broken hearted on account of your arrest that she took to her bed and she was right down ill for more than a week. Then your letter came and she got up and went out at once." " What letter?" I demanded hoarsely. " Tho letter tolling of your escape from prison, and begging her to meet you outside the township. I wanted to go with her, but the letter said she must go alone. Good Lord, sir, didn't it come from you?" " I never wrote any letter. I never escaped from prison. I was formally released to-day." -The woman plumped down on a chair and began rocking herself to and f .-o. "She's lost, my sweet lamb," she moaned forth, wringing her hands piteously. _ " She's lost. That villain Steve's got hold of her." I felt the blood freeze in my veins. "How could he have found her out?" "I don't know. No one but the chemist knew I'd got a sick person in the house and he's a very good sort of man. Alford is hi3 name—brother to tho photographer." This was enough. I saw it all at a glance. The chemist had gossiped about Mrs. Brown's patient, the brother had put two and two together, and when Wright appeared upon the scene he was able at onco to track down his prey. I felt my brain reel. "This is awful," I said, wiping the cold beads of sweat from my brow. "It is, indeed, Bir. Whatever can be done?" "Done? I will follow them to the world's end," I said doggedly. "I will track the villain like a bloodhound and make him release his pre\'. Bob shall be found She will be set free, my love, my darling, my queen." These last words were uttered out in the road as I hastened away, desirous to pu t my words into action at once. But how was I to begin ? It struck me that in order to convey Bob out of the place a vehicle of somo sort must have been employed, lliding horses would not do it in such a case. Bob would have broken away or have claimed the protection of the first nawmrJai. buggy was the thing. Now there were only two places in the township where buggies could be hired—one ■ was the hotel on whose doorstep my capture bad been effected, the other was a common drinking shanty close to the little gaol. I began my operations ;here; made friends with the ostlers, professed a great knowledge of horseflesh, and shouted a drink. But 1 got nothing for my pains, except an enlarged view of profanity. Before tackling the hotel I made a few changes in my attire—bought a new necktie (thinking fondly, meanwhile, of Bob's despised gift), and a broad-brimmed straw hat. Thus equipped I sauntered into the stable yard and commenced operations. The head ; ostler, a canny Scot, seemed to have no vnlner-1 able point, and I was beginning to despair of winning .his confidence'wheu the conversation turned on the Melbourne Cup. To see the way that man's face lighted up was a revelation. Leaning forward, I said with a knowing wink— "Would you like a straight tip for the Cup ?" I had struck the right chord—the man was | Div slave at once. I had hit on the master passion—the dominant instinct of his life. We fell to talking horse, and I played my part so successfully that he proposed an adjournment to a neighboring bar. The iee once broken, it was not difficult to make the horsey ostler play into my hands. It was a hard life—he was thmldng of cutting it and going back to Sydney. The pay was good, but the work never stopped—horses coming and going at all hours. " Any buggy trade»" No, not often ; only when people were ill. Yes, they'd got one hooded buggy. The boss had bought it cheap, but it was hardly ever asked for. He'd had it out a few months back for a queer kind of job. He hadn't half liked it, though he got a big tip. 'Twas a runaway boy, you see, and his big brother was taking liim back. But, my ghost, the way the young fellow carried on —shrieking, with his head hanging over the wheel most of the way. It made my blood run cold, I can tell you !" I could well believe it, for the bare recital made my own veins change to ice. (To be continued.) 