? A E i w 8fiofy of Northern B Y C A P T A I N L A O L E . PART IN SIXTEEN VII PARTS. (CONTINUED.) ^i^Sjsli& " the query; whereupon the young #5Mfi-tbld thi'mry-bf 1 Walker's remarkable action, not con- •That was indeed • strange affair, but it is just possible the poor fellow, still fires. There is a tiny islet on the ieh he (flight hsMyeached, du distance "ifroV duty impelsmeto make a Search in Hie-locality before going fouth. It would be a terrible thing, to leave a solitary human being ia sueh a pisar^nliwliigly. Lilt the anchor, ids, ahd make for the . north poiijtpf 4>e Bttri£r^bad& : ' We may be »&l;§ to save Mother Jife there,' Captaiji Jamesfhastily gpoke. Theincn-needed no further incentive to spur them on, and in less than aiUiour (he Oxfey was bowling merrily %lore; ip the direction -indicated Meanwhile everythibg' possible was feeing done to promote the comfort of the castaways. Captain James gave up his cabin to the two women, the oislyldri&back; bang that there was not a particle of female apparel on board. The garments of Ellen Cooney-and Mrs Young presented a curious speot$cle, andit was hard to say whether they more nearly resembled male or female attire. The terrible journey of ovetajnoRthin the wilds of Australia h^D^mplltdyJdestroyed t^ir clothes, ; |Mh?f e» kept together wi& all kinds V mfterrai; "feudists thongstif bark and strips of animal skins. Now that they were safe this fact caused them little concern, as in a week or two they would be able to gel all that ytzs needed at the Moreton Bay depot It was shortly after noon when the sloop nearsd the atoll on the Barrier, and' the orew commenced a careful search ^mongst the nooks apd crevices oi*the jgreat.coral formation., yftffan an hour they discovered the boat, bottom upwards, tying on a' reef, but no trace of Walker could be seen. ' There is no doubt the poor fellow has.gone ubder,' at length observed Captain James. ' This place swarms with ground sharks, and they : would make short work of the body. It is beyond ^pjpibility .th^t -be have rtcapedflmd there-i aft, theleastuse wasting further time. However, I'll name this spot Walker's Point in nemorjr-of the poor iellow. who must have lest his reason by the sufferings he encountered, he concluded. The course, of the vessel was then alterefl'ta the' south, and the sloop Arrived _ Safely" lat Mereton Bay, and ultiipately at Sydney about a month later.: On the voyage the admiration which Captain James felt for Ellen Cooney ripened into love, and before feurm Cove was reached he was her afpjtncgd husband. Before this *he girl had shown him a pearl-of great eize and wonderful purity, worth a. fortune in itself, and told him the brief history of its discovery at Pandora Isle to the north of the Great Barrier. It was her father's express wish that the gem should be fold and its money value distributed (up'ongstthe.members of the crew, in drtain proportions. On this Captain James called the brave fellows who had acted so nobly to Captain Cooney and his daughter together and told them the position of affairs. When Sydney was reached he and Ellen would be married, and then Joeing her husband he would carry out every promise made by her father, •etenioputting out an expedition on the first favourable opportunity to see if any more priceless gems lay around Pandora Isle. When the capital of New South Wales W4S reached, the captain of the Oxley did even more than he had premised. The Governor was informed *>f the Pandora traggdy, with the result that the officials found berths in the public service for the survivors until they desired to leave. A pension was granted to William Young and his wife, inA a large sum was gicep from the State treasury for the Pandora •Pearl. A memorandum was made of the locality in which fhe pearl was .found, but owing to a variety of reasons no decisive gctipn was taken to find out whether valuable deposits of pearlshell lay attbelocality. It yras r^served for Captain James mad his wife, with three of the seamen who survived the Pandora tragedy, to probe the secrets of the place and be JUip,ggents; of avenging justice.. Before expiaititng tow all this was dope, it will be necessary to toake a lpngTiigre^sion and follow the fqrtunes pf others. Meanwhile we leave EUen Cooney— now Mrs Jatnfs—happy and contented in Sydney with those who so nobly £bped her trials not ljess so. , : PART vin. When the 'tropical stgrm--which t>urst upon the Pandora swept over tfce q|hip,i the ruffians, Bloomfield-and JarvisjJhad putthe vessel into the be§t j , werein.S'dilemma,hgw^o A act l for, in liBCt, tney were/$it^Ibfejweeri! tfar .devil and the deep sea. supposing that were done fheV wquld j ft£ve Keen observed by thoK^n-shoiof wife wojild have doubled onHftWRfflF regain the btig. That would have been .a caee of.the biter bitten, as they would have become the losers. As the storm swept up, however, even this dternative'wos denied them,, cs^ c s r u ^ ^ Z a - T S ^ shiplrim and tant and 6tick to ner, Ujjderhapded as they jvere, it was ^ M o b M l ^ e j :e them it the wmd was unosually severe. Vet there was nothing else to wS^^^^^^^ralbSre^houTStiiey Callinto the han.ds ofthose they had so betrayed, but in contending with the elements there was still a chanoe more, e^eeiaiiy'as -rtvrwitM * as •coftmirwP the land. Had the storm come from thfc*feaitwgrd tbSr c&sefnb;~Qld.likv%'in? t i l e d ' — In that event nothing could have saved the brig from being swept on to the beach, and in the raging water, though it waS'possibleto escape withi lifc,there woulaWnoiWceOflceep in£ the toiuskets ahd a supply'of dry powder. — The desperadoes were of course ignorant of the terrible fate which had befallarCaptain Cooney. Hardy they Wejl knewfwardead, for the hunchback -had: sent -bullet through -his heart bs fce.wW. leajBBg over the bulwarks into the sea after Farrell. Hardy was infact-their-lBte«t-victim. - They were both good seamen and had weathered many a hurricane, but they quailed as the storm bjirst upon them. They had'taken up a position at the rudder, which was protected so far as possible from the fury of the elements. It was well for them that the brig was-so-close to ihe ^bore and there was no chance for the waves to get up, or the craft would have been overwhelmed at the first onset. The old ship trembled as the wind struck her, but in a few moments she wove round and began to slowly follew in the wake.o.fjthe storm. f' ; We iaie^iaved, •Jwris,'. hoarsely; whispered jBjoomfielqto his confederate: as this movetMit tVikijlace'. • We have a chanoe, at all events,' came the response. A sudden plunge made by the ship showed she had parted the anchor, and the itaotiorioif the vessel-became greatly accelerated. This was net a mis fortune, as it would allow the brig to answer the helm more readily.' In an hour intense darkness settled down over the tumultuous scene and the ship pitched violently. The men had aot the least idea whither they were being driven, but concluded they were going out to sea and so far were quite safe. ' . In a couple of hours the violenoe of the wind ceased, and the rain which fell did a great deal in moderating the men began to regard the danger as pasti . * We're ,in .luck's way,. Jaryis,' at length spoke Bloomfield. ' Don't see where the luck comes in, Abel. . Here we are tossing about in a strange'sea with not half power enough to handle the craft,' responded Jarvis. ' Better beicpsing on the top of the waves'tban food for fish below,' said Bloomfield, elated with the feeling that safety was assured, and .thinking only of the present. Even as he spoke an ominous grating noise tras beard,, or rather felt, and suddenly the brig heeled over on the port side. The-men hung on to the handle of the helm to prevent slipping into the sea so acute was the angle, and both simultaneously exclaimed; ' Grounded I' After a minute or two of painful suspense it became clear that there was no immediate danger, as the water around was comparatively calm. The moon was yet clouded, and the confederates anxiously waited for light to ascertain if p.otesible their surroundings. After the lapse of more' than an hoHr a break in the clouds allowed a stream of moonlight to pour dowi, and Jthe fint swift glance showed the baffled rnffians that their lives were not in any peril.. The Pandora had simply drifted into a small eove or bay with, a shingly beach on which the vessel had grounded. In fact, if a more suitable spot had been sought to run the craft •n shore, it could not have been found. As the. sky -cleared and the night became brighter, both men dropped off the deck and swam ashore,' where they walked the beach until daylight, speculating on what part of the coast the Pandora had come to grief/ We may riot be a mile from those fellows who are thirsting for our bloojd, Jarvis./ We must be careful. It will be best to g?t back and try lot the muskets,' Bloomfield said. • What a chance we'd have of getting them just now. - ' I wouldn't go into the. hold for a. fortune at present Besides, we can't be near that spot.; Eyen if we are, it will take'them Some time to. find out we're here. They can't move till .daylight, and we'll be tfore them,' apswered Jarvjs, who was much calmer than Bloomfield.. *Wheh' morning dawned the men had good reason to congratulatetbemsplves. They were apparently on the mainland for north-south. The F^ndor^ was reclining, oh a soft beach and scarcely injured, thoygh it was clear she could not b.e floated off .again. The. small* bay in nhich -s^e lay was beautifully sheltered, while the country around seemed invjting enough to tempt settlement get on board and torce the Batch™ WetT another pleadable Jsptprise awaited them. The bow old '-craft had not en sprung a leak. The'cargo was of urse jumbled about, bjiythat .was; a 'small matter. In five Mnute's thpy were able to effect an enttjfnce '|6 the in's cabin, where^be !^uch : ed firearms were fougft "tjt was, rfmpky wonderful what little injury was' dpnfe to the ship, * With the weapons in their hands, a feeling of confidence and bravado returned to the shipwrecked men, and they at once set about making arrange-, ments to convey necessary articles on sljoie^ JJefore doing BO it.was agreed M 1^?^ an ? fexaatSB^tWni Of the surrounding district, and with that object all the firearms, save four muskets, •are dtrefully seireled itf"J&e; hold, TSJctag*tw6"eich, th'ey waded ashore, for the brig was nearly high and dry at low tide, and began the inspection. " A beautiful tropical gleri ran almost from the spot where the ship grounded. On the southern range was a high peak, and this the men decided to •ascehdr—In n couple of hours the summit was attained, and a splendid far- reaching view obtained The scrutiny.quite satisfied them, for they WerelnpSv gejtkin that a cohsiderable digjahte separated them frdm %hose they hiS so treacherously treated at Mangrove Swamp. It was somewhat strange that the chief desire of the ruffians now was to avoid their would-be victims. Whatever feelings Bloomfield might have had for Ellen Cooney had died a sudden death. Nor did tbey longer need a navigator,- afc there was no ship to steer across'the trackless ocean. - In short, circumstances bad so altered that all the ruffians now desired was never to .look upon the faces of their late' comrades and shipmates again Considering how the latter had been left, Bloomfield smiled grimly to bim self as he reflected on the improbability of the castaways ever, escaping from their'living bondage except "through the portals of death. After, satisfying themselves that everything was right towards the .south the confederates descended into the glen'atid'tlitiibed the opposite range, The view from there was equally satisfactory'.""vTliere 'was no one to'diSpute with'ttem, and-that ^act gave them pleasure. In a sense they regarded themselves as outlaws, and the stores contained in the Pandora made their exile an easy one. Besides, they had other ideas which fortified them. It was long after noon when the murderers returned to the brig tired and hungry, but-everything was .found as left. This pleased them, for it \- shewed that not many natives could be about the district or such an object as the stranded ship Would be sure lo attract them. . An ample dinner was soon provided arid eaten, and then' the two began to discuss the position. -They recognised that the first thing to be done was to remove everything of value which the hull of the Pandora contained. The sea was a treacherous element, and at any moment might swallow up the vessel and all it contained. Besides, a stray coasting'party might drop upon the wreck and spoil them of the plunder.-- Before anything else was thought of, all useful articles should be taken out. The remaining hours of daylight were spent in searching for a suitable spot where the goods might be stored, and they "had not far to go. A. -few yards from the entrance of the glen was found a cave, which suited admirably. Ne)ft day the goods were removed by means of a raft. The cargo consisted of several tons of merchandise. Recognising that stropg drinks had a ready sale in Sydney, Captain Cooney bad not failed to' take in an ample stock for trade purposes. In fact, there was enough provisions on the Pandora to keep the ruffians supplied for years. We have enough to keep us here for life, Jarvis, and good stuff too,' remarked Bloomfield at the end of the fourth days' work. The satisfied grin of Jarvis was the only response he gave, for a feeling of contentment bad come over him. Not only had, he .and his mate all they could desire in the shape of food, clothes, and-freedom, tut they were also formidably armed. No less than twenty muskets had been found on the ship, with four kegs of gunpowder and three hundredweight of bullets. This was acceptable to men who bad obtained their comforts by violence, and ijpliscovered could o.nly retain them by the same method. It took a fortnight to empty the ship of all she contained, and attention was then turned in another direction. Michael Jarvis had been the carpenter of the Pandora, and the first thing taken ashore by him was the wellstocked tool-chest. When all the articles were taken out they began t* strip the vessel of timber and canvas. From their conversation it was apparent that they intended to build'a comfortable and manageable craft in which they would,be able to make short, voyages, and with fair luck, even long trips by sea. < "This was not a. patter they need hurry over, -aqd the: timber was stacked awiy for future use. It was not until the Pandora was .half demolished that the meh eeas'ed their work, and then it turned «nt they werejiri quest of something *else besides building arterial. Wfe -have lost a fortune in that pearl, Jaryisi' remarked Bloomfield one afternpcTn as the two stood contemplating the vrreckiof the.^rig. ^ . V • 'The skipper told me hisself, Abel, tliatiie kep*t in ihe .cabin. ' It was ithere the,very day we did tor Sidmouth d Y6iirig.* V," .j. j, ' 'Humph! I'bi,npt.so sure about Young." T can't forget that night seengjhipfl ip tjie jungle.. Have you ever thought about'it since?'' interrupted Bloqpjfield. ,^ ', .--.. . Once or twice. It taras just the body caught jp one of the trees^ and the moonlight shining on J his* face. He was as dead as a door-nail I'll warrant,' cattiethe careless.response. t^', Bifc he to getaway,' urged Slje yoSjjnger-gjan;' ' Jus) theatnoonlight going off lim, that'fe-p. -There. wasn't anything in it, an3 those,things don't trouble me,' returned Jarvis. 1 We've missed the big pearl, at all events, Jarvis.' ' Yes, an' that troubles me more than a thousand such ghosts as Young. I can't think what could have become of it The skipper never carried it about w|th him, I'm sure,* came the reply froth Jarvis." •Would Mistress Nell — cocfound her—have -taken it? Women love these kind & things, Jarvis, and sure as I stand here we've been doubly foiled by that wench. She must have "had a hand in it,' returned Bloomfield. 'She„ might have had, but much good will it do ber. What's the flood of pearls where she and the old man is. Pearls won't keep them alive. They'd give a dozen like it for a bag of flour,' fiercely responded the dwarf. 'Maybe you're right, but suppose they should get back lo settlement. There's that devil Farrell with fhem, and the others have plenty of pluck, too. If they came out right, and Nell had the gem, it would be a big haul to divide amongst them, and the making of the haul wouldn't be hard to carry about either. It ain't here, so we must give it up as a bad job,' Bloomfield answered with an air of resignation. • There's plenty more where that came from, Abel, an' in good time we'll have them. Don't hurry business, You're younger than me, and I'm willing to wait. Let us fi* up matters here first, and then we'll begin on the other. What's that creeping along yonder? A nigger, eh? Pot him over, Abel,' the hunchback broke off suddenly, pointing, (o a dark object treeping through the scrub not more than fifty yards distant. Raising the musket, Bloomfield fired, and as the smoke cleared away, they saw the black form lying still in the -scrub. Running to a heap of timber some thirty feet away, Jarvis picked up his firearm which was standing against the pile,: arid rejoining his companion, they cautiously went to the thicket, where the body of a young aboriginal was fonnd lying. Thinking he was dead, Bloomfield stooped to turn him, when, to his surprise, the young native rose to his knees in abject terror. Lifting bis musket the hunchback was about .to dash out the miserable wretch's brains, when his companion restrained him. •Wait a moment, Jarvis. If this fellow isn't badly injured it may suit us.to keep him alive. We must have help of some sought sooner or later. He doesn't look a bad sort. Let's see where he is hurt, and try a little kindness with him,' spoke Bloomfield. He and Jarvis had more than once discussed the question of their physical incapacity to carry out the plans they had formed, but hitherto the problem had not been capable of solution, In fact the native who now crouched before them was the first they had seen in the neighbourhood. As a matter of fact, whatever additional labour they required must necessarily be black, and though it was not of much account, it would be better than none at all. As Bloomfield spoke, the dwarf lowered the musket and made a ha,sty examination of the young black. The only injury -he had snstained was a grazed shoulder, and it was simply abject fright which caused him to be prone. Lifting him to. his feet each man seized an arm and led him towards the retreat in the glen. ' Our only chance with this nigger is to treat him'with kindness,' began Bloomfield; '.and we may as vtell begin at one?. You can handle the medicine- chest, and that of itself will have a big effect on him. This cuton his shoulder must be smarting him, and a good pannican of rum will set him up. I think we'll manage him, Jarvis.' He'll likely go and tell the tribe where we live, and then the thieving brutes will rob us if we ain't careful,' was the surly reply of Jarvis. 'Not much fear of that, -Jarvis. Those lockers you've made would keep the black devils out for a year. Besides, we are always at hand, and these aborigines have a holy tenor of - firearms. See hpw .well it acted on this chap.' While they were thus talking, their place of abode was reached, which was a mass of strength. The sleeping apartment was ingeniously arranged with a view to safety, but as one man always watched while the other slept, it was not Regarded as of such importance 1 ; as the safe custody of the goods. The aboriginal was led into the outer apartment, and Jarvis at once set about bandaging bis shoulder, while Bloomfield offered him a pannican of rum, which he signed to him to drink, and the ordef was obeyed. As the rum was highly diluted it did nbt taste very extraordinary to the nigger, but its effect was soon apparent in the bolder demeanour of the prisoner. This is what Bloomfield expected. In the course of a week' so well - did the two men manage the young black that he became tractable, and it was recognised that he was likely to prove a useful member of Qie small party. It was gleaned from this native, whom Bloomfield named Pera, that his tribe lived within ten miles of the glen, but he showed no disposition to join them. After a while the men were able to understand the sign language of-the youth, -and soon they taught him ordinary and necessary words which made communication with him much easier. When this was accomplished the three set about to build their tiny schooner. Jarvis being a first-class carpenter, the work was not so difficult as might be thought. T o B E CONTINUE 