IN THE CHRISTMAS MOONLIGHT. BY IZA DUFFUS HARDY. Author of "The Romance of the Rear Car," "Lake Mary Rose," &c.;, &c.; "Who would ever think it was Christ mas Eve?" said Helen Dalrymple, sway ing with Sultanesque languor and luxury in her rocking-chair on the south piazza, looking at the orange trees bending be neath their burden of ruddy-ripe golden fruit, the tall slim pines, the graceful "yellow pines" of the South, their feathery crowns of foliage traced in deli cate pencilling against the burning azure of a sky almost too vivid in its light and color. It was only the hour after early breakfast, yet the sunbeams al ready poured in a broad level blaze on the piazza, and danced in a dazzle of diamonds on the lake, that was as pure a blue as the shining sky. It was as fair a scene as the eye could desire, yet Helen spoke with a sort of involuntary sigh. "Who would ever think it was Christmas Eve?" "Isn't it lovely?" said her sister Mary, with smiling content. Sweet Mary Weston, happily married and settled in this fair Florida home, had ceased to sigh for her native land. "Yes, it's lovely, if only one didn't see so much of it! But what I should like to see now would be frost and snow, or even a good thick yellow London fog!" "I'm afraid even John could not oblige you with that here, though I think he is not verv far behind the French kine- (which one was it?) who had the ground covered with salt when the lady of his heart conceived a perverse desire to go sleighing in summer." "John spoils me, and I'm afraid he's not the only one that does," rejoined Helen, smiling and stretching out her hand to her sister. "I don't think we've spoilt you, NeJl!" said Mary Weston, patting the pretty hand. "But I think John would, if he could." "He is very good," the younger sister said, less lightly. "He is!" Mrs Weston agreed, emphati cally. "And you are very fond of him, arent you?" with a touch of anxiety which she did not in-tend to betray, but which was plain as the sun in the heaven to Helen's perception. "Yes, I am," she answered, sincerely; "I should be very ungrateful if I wasn't! But I do wish he would take me home for a honeymoon trip!" she added, with only half-playful petulance. "Everybody goes to England on their bridal trip." "Not everybody, dear." "Well, everybody who can afford it, and John can afford anything he likes!" "But, you see, it is John's business keeps him here." "Oh, yes, I know. I dare say it seems just a perverse fancy of mine, like long ing for a sleigh-ride in summer, for snow in this Sunny South." "I'm afraid, dear Nell, you get a little home-sick sometimes?" "Do I, Mary?" with a curious smile. "You think so?" I "THE FACT IS, I— I LEFT ENGLAND UNDER A CLOUD." "1 am afraid so sometimes, dear. But you'll settle down all happily and com fortably when once you are married and In your own home." "Yours has been home to me, Mary!" "And you have helped to make it a real home to me. I might have felt a little strange and far away, even with Fred, if it had not been for you. And now I must go and help Chloe make the cakes." "And I'll come and do the mince-pies," said Helen cheerfully. "No, no, Nell; I won't have you get- ting tired and flushed over the stove; John will be coming soon." "Poor, dear Mary!" said Helen to her self, as her sister hastened away on household cares intent. "She only thinks I am home-sick. If she only knew how tired I am of oranges and pine-trees! And she's so anxious, poor dear, to be assured that I am really fond of John! Dear, good John!" the only thing I'm afraid of is that he is too good for me! But I shall be able to make him happy, L think. Anyhow, I'll do my best. And I'm sure I shall be happy with him, as happy as any woman can expect to be, after the first dream is over!" She sighed as her thoughts went back to that "first dream." "Walter," slue murmured. "Poor Wal ter! If he had lived!" Visions of another Christmas rose be fore her. Walter was helping her to put up the holly. They two were lingering over their good-night in the hall. He was folding a wrap round her as she went out into the chill of the white wintry night with him to look at the snow glittering in the moonlight. Oh, for that "white Christmas" of four years ago! "My poor boy! My poor boy!" Helen said softly to herself. "To think that the cold, cruel sea, the deep, dreadful sea, rolls over his head! and that no one, no one, will ever, ever know the truth!" She shuddered and clasped her hands, and the brierht colors of the sunny landscape grew dim to her eyes. But when John Armstrong, her stal wart lover, came, the smile was ready to greet him on her lips. She was very fond of John, and the past was past ; the present, though it did seem a little dull sometimes, a little pale and tame beside that poor dead past, was yet full of hope; thanks to John! Sheltered by his love, surely she would be 6afe from the stings of memory, even from the insidious gnawing of home sickness. He was so strong, it gave her a satisfying sense of protection and safety to be with him. He had (he muscles a gladator, and yet, with all his rough uncultivated ways, the gentleness of a woman. Helen loved the mingling of half-rough force and rever ent tenderness about him, and often as sured herself that she really loved him very much though she was not very lav ish of protestations or caresses — which indeed were not much in Helen Dal- rymple's way. John was English, too; perhaps, if he had not been her compatriot, he might have found his Helen harder to win. There were many English settled in this part of Florida, but few as fortunate as John Armstrong. Everything he touch ed seemed to prosper, and now in win ning Helen's troth, he had won his crowning fortune — his heart's desire. His sun- bronzed and somewhat rug ged-featured face was beaming, as he drew his chair as close as it could be drawn to hers, and took possession of her hand and felt the slender fingers rest in his big palm as if it were their home. "Do you know, darling, this is the hap piest Christmas I've ever had?" he said. "Since you were a boy!" she rejoined, laughingly. "But you don't know any thing about me when I was a boy!"- he demurred, smiling in happy response. "Oh, yes, I know that you were very- much like other boys! You were happy when to stuff yourself with mince-pies and plum-pudding, and pull crackers and play snap-dragon, was your highest ideal of happiness! And you were happy when you kissed the girls under the mis tletoe! "But never half so happy as now that I can kiss my gisl without the mis tletoe! My own girl! No, darling, there's not a soul in sight! You are my own girl, aren't you? Helen, darling, what would you like to do to keep our Christ mas to-morrow? Shall we have a drive in the evening and a picnic supper in the woods by moonlight?" "A moonligt picnic on Christmas night! Oh, John, where is your sense of the fit ting?" John looked puzzled. "I want to do anything that would please you, dearest. What would please you?" "Oh, I don't know. Perhaps a good- old-fashioned English frost, or a Lon don fog, or a sleigh-ride!" recalling her conversation with her sister. "Nothing I can get you?" he said, with a shade of disappointment. "John, dear, you're too good!" she said, with a sudden gush of tenderness, me anything ! Mary said to me jusi now that she thought I was a little home-sick — and I suppose that's just what I am! Oh, John, couldn't we go home in spring on a little honeymoon trip?" "I'm afraid not, darling; perhaps some time, but not now. Helen, can't you be happy here? You know, I'll do all I can." "Indeed I do know it, you are the best and dearest of old Johns!" she answered, more lightly, with her sweetest smile. "Helen," he said, after a thoughtful pause, in which his genial face had grown grave, "do you know that I feel f ad sometimes, fearing that the life here won't content you, that you'll be think ing of England as 'home!' And I won der sometimes whether it isn't because it was in England that — that — you re member you told me, darling, bless your truthful transparent soul, that wouldn't keep any secret from me, my sweetheart! —that there was— some one you— liked there — some one who is dead?" AT DAWN OF CHRISTMAS DAY.— HAPPY DREAMS OF SANTA CLAUS. "Need we talk of him?" said Helen, tore coldly. "No, no, darling, not if it hurts you! But it hurts me to think that there's a pain in that memory still! I'd like to take all pain, all trouble, from you, even any pain of the past! I'd draw the sting from your memory, if I could!" "No memory can sting me very sharply while I have you, John," she answered, with an impulse of self- reproachful, half- remorseful, tenderness. "And I won't give way to home- sickness any more, if it gives you the least bit of pain! Don't trouble yourself, John, about the ghost of yesterday! To-morrow is yours!" "And to- day?" he urged. "Is to-day — divided? Or is it all mine?" "I think it looks as if "t were all yours," she said, softly, as he kissed her. Let yesterday rest, John, rest with the last year's snows in England! And let us go and pick oranges to-day! And there are some guavas still. I should like some for lunch. We never see them at home except in jelly, do we? After all, there are some good things in the Sunny South!" she added, with a lapse into her old, light, laughing tone. "There are guavas, and grape-fruit, and you!" John Armstrong went away happy. One thing now troubled him ; he could not make up his mind what to give Helen for a Christmas present. Blundering fellow that he was! he reproached him self, not to have thought over it before. He went to the best jeweller's in Giraida, the nearest large town, where, having but little time to spare, and being unable to make up his mind in haste on the spot, he ordered a selection of choice trinkets to be sent to his rooms, for his leisurely inspection. Every one in Giraida knew John Armstrong, and there was no difficulty made about entrusting the jewels to his care. He was looking in anxious cogitation from the contents of one velvet-lined case to another, as they were set out be fore him on the table, when there was a tap at the door, and the negro "bell boy" announced, "Mr Lawrence, sah wants to know ef he kin see you."' w hy certainly. Show Mr Lawrence up. Come in, Lawrence, glad to see you, and a Mvrry Christinas to you, my dear fellow!" \\- "The saime to you! I see I needn't ask how you areV," said the visitor, glancing at John Armstrong's healthy brown face. V "Oh, I'm all right — right as a trivet! And you? how hkye you been? All right too, I hope? Grove flourishing?" "Yes, all going on well. I've come up to Giraida on a little business, and you're the first person I've looked up." "That's right, that's all right!" said Armstrong, heartily. "I've been think ing of running down to Tampa, and then I'd have been the one to look you up, but I've had my hands full lately; it's been a busy time, though it's not been all business! You've just come in the nick of time now, to give me your help and advice. I was just muddling my brain over these things," jerking his head towards the difipiay on the table. "Whilch do you think's the — the best of the lot? The — the most likely to — to suit a lady?" Armstrong was stammering, and the color rose in his bronzed cheek. "A lady? Ah!" said Lawrence, with a smile. "Pleasure as well as business been keeping you about here, I see?" "Yes, you see — well, the fact is, I'm going to toe married." "Heartiest congratulations, old fellow! The young lady's lucky — that I know! and so are you, I hope!" "I just am!" said Armstrong, emphati cally. "Wait till you see her!" "When she will be wearing me of these, I expect!" suggested Lawrence. He was a younger man than Armstrong, fairer and of slighter build, with a tawny beard, honest, kindly blue eyes, a pleasant, though rather sad, smile, and a gene- rally rather grave, thoughtful expres sion. He was sympathetically willing to help the perplexed lover in his choice of a gift, which was fortunate, as poor John had not much taste, and was sorely bewildered in his contemplation of the "embarras de richesses" that lay before him. "Now this— this is something out of the common, eh?" he suggested, but hesitat ingly, as deferring to Lawrence's better judgment, pointing to a necklace of alli gator's teeth iavishy set in gold. "Or this now?" indicating a heart-shaped ornament almost big enough to wear as a shield, and adorned with a true-lover's knot studded with jewels of all the colors of the rainbow. "Do you think alligator's teeth quite a pretty thing to clasp round a girl's throat?" Lawrence demurred. "And isn't this a trifle— just s trifle, showy?" John's countenance fell. "She likes everything dainty and deli cate," he said. How about this?" said Lawrence, taking up a simple but costiy necklet of a single string of exquisitelv matched pearls. It was Armstrong's turn to demur. "Don't pearls means tears?" he re joined. "Ah? You wouldn't risk giving her those?" said the younger man. with a smile that ended in a short, quickly- stifled breath, iike a sigh. No, I wouldn't," said Armstrong, no ticing his friend's look with an instinct of fellow-feeling. "You wouldn't either would you, Lawrence, if you were choos ing — something for somebodv?" "No, I suppose I should be supersti tious too. But there's nobody— now! and I ve had all the superstition and fancy and romance pretty well knocked out 01 me. "There's nobody now," Armstrong re peated his words. "There," he added delicately and hesitatingly, "there was somebody once, then?1' "0nc<;r' Lawrence echoed, looking down at the pearl necklace. When the choice was finally made (of a slender gold bracelet with a four-leaved sham rock in diamonds. "All women like dia- monds, the two men had agreed?.. 1 comrades sat down, with pipe and . I and then Armstrong referred m 8"6' I frankly sympathetic, if blunder-,- s I to Lawrence's late admission = ay' I "I'm afraid my, my asking voU , I that," nodding towards the ' ' 7Ut 1 "recalls things to you?" "'-let, "They haven't got far to be I they lie near enough the surfaj - " X I younger man replied, gloomily. 1 "There was somebody, an j I didn't come to anything?" a i « /Jt I ventured, his heart softened by ;.7 r0tIe I happiness, his sympathy too s,;. I be intrusive. e 10 I Lawrence paused a moment i I abruptly; 'aid- I "She thinks I'm dead, at leu : i, I she does. She's far away— I y ne?e I see her again. But somehow "''istma I always makes me think of old s I Armstrong nodded, in silem . I hension. Lawrence paused a i.-ment I then added, with almost harsi .! -runt ' I ness: I "Look here, Armstrong, \ ofte | thought of telling you. I was , v near I it more than once, when you . su„, I a good chum to me at Ocala. , "ie "fact I is, I — I left England under a <?i v.. I very name— well, it's my own. j wa ' | christened Lawrence as my sec name | but it's not my true surname. , -re a ' I others of us here who have cot ,JUt of I the way, as I did, but not man - aadow- I ed by a cloud as black as mi;: . I "What was it, my boy?" as:, . j0jln I Armstrong, fraternally. I "Oh, I've not bolted from jaw I Lawrence said, quickly. "I ,j clear I of that, I think. But it's the ..ispicion I of which I feel I shall never i,. .kar.'' I "She suspected— believed ill y,)U?" I "God bless her — no. She dc ; . -d sv,p I had faith in me. But no on? , had. I I couldn't ask her to marry nn under a I cloud, to take my name with , h . stain I on it. I came abroad to live It down I and the ship in which I'd taken my pas I sage was wrecked — you remember the I disaster of the 'Columba?' I was suppog. j ed to have been on board; my name was in the list of the lost. But the last minute an accident had prevent ..-d my sailing. No one knew at horn- Lhat I had not sailed. They all belkv- tint I went down with the 'Columba.' and tht rest of her unlucky passengers and crew." "And she believes it too?" "She must, what else can site think? It is better so. I decided not t" write and tell her I was safe." "She may be grieving— mourning for you," suggested Armstrong. "For a time — yes. But it is l -s; as it is— for her. She is young; tin- thought of me and my trouble would 1 a more lasting cloud on her bright girllm 'd than the thought of my death. I would never j have married her unless I could give her a stainless name. She will be happier, not knowing. She believes me innocent — that is my comfort. Let her believe me dead, for her own peace." " It's a sad state of things." mused Armstrong. " And what — what was the — " h» hesitated for a word, "the trouble?" he finished. "They call it murder— an ugly word, isn't it? But whatever it was. 1 had no hand in it. If any man kill'-1 Philip Stretton, it was not I!" "Philip Stretton!" John Armstrong started. His back was to the i'gln. so Lawrence could not see how hi - healthy color paled. "Yes, you remember the cam. 1 see? 1 own it did look black against rue. He was my cousin, and I his heir- -.'much it would have been the other wuv round, he would have been my heir, and 1 should have stood in his shoes, if m.. grand father had not made an unfa!; I had been imprudent — I wa.s in a hide difficulty— and I was foolish ugh to ask Philip for a loan, only an . Ivance for three months. He said tid'vs that cut me. There was a sorene-: . tween us, I own, but I would never -we in jured a hair of his head. Your i-niber, perhaps, how I was arrested, p.: -uded— all the miserable story? Titer not evidence enough against me rd ihe case for trial, but there was e - .igh to make people believe me guilty ; make nte feel a pariah and an of.'. .-.si— to make nte cast aside my father" t, . as a tarnished and unclean thing hive me into exile here, as a dead n 'had to his own land and his own pc "It's a sad busness," said Ar .rung, his voice strangely husky. "! ' other hearing of it." A pause; then .e.Jed: "But, Lawrence, I say, old chur. ,,,?nt you perhaps a bit over-sensiii'. "lUl people — suspecting you?" "Over-sensitive! When I" wn women turn aside tn avoid re: .-'.'-ing me — when the very children ha\ . .a red at me as if I were a wild be-as.' I5'11 there talking can't mend matte. .- He filled his glass hastily; his hand : k as he raised it to his lips. John Am ' ' s brimming glass stood untouch'-.! m llis side. Another knock at the door, and me en trance of a second visitor— this . e 3 genial and somewhat boisterous c i.e. to wish the compliments of the seamn. in terrupted the conversation, rather to the relief of both Armstrong and La ence, and it was much to the host's reliy; when both his visitors departed. Left alone at last, he stood by tn' win dow deep in troubled thought, starimr ou. across the rough, sandy road with <?>"?= that did not see. "I never dreamt of this!" he s<o d t himself, his Hps framing the words with out sound, as men who have lived much alone often get the habit of com muni'1? with themselves. "This comes of shu'k- ing, or trying to shirk! One can't shirk a thing — it will follow one! If it were not for Helen — now! It's plain enough to"do! It stares me in the But Helen, who trusts me! I face", think of her first. Yet that boy! f.;1 wronged enough. He wouldn't rv his girl With a stained name. Can m v mv girl with a stained con- 1 His girl in England stuck to sC,el" Maybe mine would stick to me. 5i"V, 1 1 she, though? It's an ugly story her. Still if she's got grit enough t0 stand it? She doesn t look like onc \ -cUld weaken r.nd wilt away from I - " because of something in his past— \ ir .i it does look rather a black busi es I'll see. I'll sound her. God ,„e! I'm a coward where she's n .r :ed. I see the right thing plain C",:rh But I can't— I can't. No! she's v i can't risk the losing her!" was sauntering in the orange- _r0V,V "hi the moonlight, alone. was glad to be alone, for somehow his ' Christmas Eve she was haunted by :es 0f that other Christmas with VTaP" fur Years ae! That past was dead ;v,;d buried, but it's ghost walked COir,-' Ties. Two lines of a poem she had once leard recited kept running in her head- Fii!' for the one beloved, wherever he be, jn hush of the Christmas midnight 1„ will appear to thee!" r.v. - still the night was! Grove and worn! ind lake seemed to be sleeping in cjlo!,, -. The moonbeams bathed the fair i. ndscape in a silver sea of light, vet ; it unpenetrated the dusky mys- ierkr of shadow in the deeps of "the dark browed trees." gl)., thought of that "white winter" in Enabmd, and the ghost of the buried pasi walked in the Southern moonlight. Wis anything else stirring, too? Was that n. step? Did a shadow move? Could it be John? But John never came that way through the grove. If it shiiui'l be a tramp, and she so far from th.- bouse? The moving shadow gathered shape and substance, stepped out from the darkness of the bordering trees, and the moonlight fell full upon his face. Helen stopped with a start. Who — what — was it? The moonlight was well nigh bright a= day. The face, the figure that stood out clear in those pure undazzling beams, the very gesture with which the man paused at sight of her, all had been familiar to her once! Was it a ghost? Were the lines that had been ringing in her mir.d prophetic? "In the hush of the Christmas midnight he will appear to thee." He. too, had paused at sight of the girl's slim white-robed figure; he started as one thunder- stricken as he looked upon her face, pale and pure in the color less blaze of the semi-tropical moonlight, for while she stared, dumb with doubt and amazement, on the dead alive, he looked on the living, lost to him, whom he had deemed five thousand miles away! He was the first to find his voice. "Helen, Helen? You — here!" He stretched out his hand; it was warm with life as it touched hers, strong with living human strength as it clasped her cold and trembling fingers. "Walter, Walter! Are you alive? I thought — I heard — Oh, we have all mourned you as dead!" John Armstrong, bearing the chosen bracelet that was to be his Christmas gift, was on his way to see his beloved, "MY DARLING, MY DARLING!" not with the quick assured step of ln happy lover. He lagged and took longest way. He might have said, 't had been given to quoting Shaks- 1" ' "Oh, full of scorpions is my mind!" T;- v bit and stung, those snakes that t' anited to silence, prompted him with :tie sophistries "for Helen's sake'"— v' - not his first duty to her to spare her p:.:ii? Yet he knew that if he yielded to temptation he should feel himself to the la- day of his life a despicable sinner. For till this day he had not realised what he had done, but now, if he kept silence s,.!i. he would be sinning with his eyes Open. e 1 ill, could he dare trust Helen with tbr truth, at the risk of seeing her shrink f'1 in him, turn cold to him, perhaps take herself out of his life. On the other hand, it was possible that she might not fell him! She might prove herself brave and loyal in the crucial V0ur. He felt he did not know Helen thoroughly. She was a sweet rose, "set A.jth little wilful thorns." He could n$t tell how far her pretty little waywardness and girlish caprices were mere Apples on the surface, what depths of love and faith r.nd cour age might not lie in the depths beneath. While she sauntered on slowly, deep in thought, his footfall soundless on the loose sandy soil, he heard a voice on the other side of the slender fringe of trees that bordered the grove. Not Helen's voice, lie had never heard that tone in it. And yet it was like hers — that voice with the tender thrill, the throb and pulse of living passion, of which he had never known it capable. "Walter— Walter! after all these years!" My darling, my darling!" murmured the man's voice, shaken and husky, but Lawrence's voice. John Armstrong made a noiseless step forward, looked out of the shadow which concealed him from their view, and saw Helen, his bride elect, clinging to Law rence, his arm round her, her face uplift ed in the moonlight to his. For the moment they had forgotten all the world but each other. She had forgotten John, and he the stain upon his name, the cause of his exile. She was first to re- . member the barrier. Uh, Walter, no — no! Let me go! I must tell you — I am not free!" "Is it you then — you, who were en gaged to Armstrong?" "Yes. He is the best and truest of men," with a sob in her voice. "Walter, now that we have met, k can only be to part!" John Armstrong heard no more. Had he not been standing there as if stricken to stone, paralysed, he would not have heard so much. He turned with a grop ing, staggering gesture, like a. man reei- ing, blinded, beneath a stunning blow, yet careful that no sound of his going should startle them as he went, and left them there together. The moonlight- flooded landscape was black to h m; he seemed to be groping his way through great darkness, his face set from the house towards which his steps had been bent. How could he face Helen now? It was Helen whom he had wronged; it was Helen whom he had robbed of her love, albeit all unwittingly. He had thought of Lawrence's unnamed love as far off, in the old country. But there was no far-away g'.rl In England — it was Helen, here!. For her dear sake he had thought of keeping the silence that would have sealed the sentence of exile from home and love on Lawrence — and Lawrence was the man she loved. Yet she would keep her faith with him. She had said it herself! And Lawrence would not claim her so long as the stain of suspec ted crime clung to his name. John Armstrong saw that he could hold her still! It was Christmas Day; the sun shone on the evergreen pines and the glossy foliage of the orange trees and their golden fruit, and sky and lake were one monotone of lrdiant azure. John and Helen were walking in the grove, and both were taciturn and ill-at-ease. "Helen, my girl," he said brsak'ng" a long silence, as they drew near the spot where she and Walter had met laTt night, "I had been thinking what I might get you for a Christmas present, wondering what would please you best. And 1 found out, last night." "Last night? But you didn't come loef nlflrht9" "Yes I came. Helen. I came. I came this way." pointing to the border of trees, "and I was here. I saw— I lleard; Helen started, and the color rushed to her face, then ebbing, left it deadly pal?- But though she was dismayed she d:d not blench. She was too proud tr; quail even a touch of reproach in her ton. as she answered, , -You were here, John? You he a d. "By accident." His brown cheek fiu-h- "t heard only a few \\\ oi ds. l huiS away. You don't think ftjt Yd nlav eavesdropper on purpose, Helen. no, John! But if you heard any- thin- I wi T.i vou had heard all! You Sd have understood that I-t was startled taken by surprise. I had never = + that he Walter, was living, wh.n 'S i" " hesitated painfull,.. I— when >o . h a or ashamed— yet not as one a!ba®"? . t n.ight!" then added, "never un . laT "I.ttVk"'vB" hesa'id. You re' not to you've Veen sfaightand square. ' "And he " she interposed hastily. «£SS he too." John Armstrong, je,o,n- cd "he did not know. Nor I, He kn, jo , 4..„q tnn! T did not know th.it tne nie justice, , . Qcaia whom I man I chummed with at ucaia., knew as Lawrence, was Walter Stret t0" Walter Lawrence Stretton," she ex- pl taT-hh.e.s tszv -But ,t did not know cared ton was the name been a for' We none of uS Knew, chapter of mistakes all ru"d; B Helen! -now I see what I can give you, Heun. I can give you your freedom. n,Q word "-cod" on her lips. a,t V Helenf till vou've heard all. I give vou b?ck vour freedom, arid something J0U t ;iVe into your hand the means JTSuirtu- Wili Stretton's name "S'il, "»> accident! ass brought about by me!" "You. John! Oh, John! are you mad?" she fe'.l back from him with dGubt and fear, horror, In her eyes. "No. I'm not mad. unless it's madness to tell you the truth. It was my hand caused Philip Stretton's death." "Yours? Then, who, what — are you?" "What I've always been, to you and all the world, plain John Armstrong!" "You were there, at Holborough at the time? But— how was that? and what had you to do with Philip Stretton? We never knew anyhing about you." "No. You never knew me, nor my sis ter, my poor little sister Lizzie. But Philip Stretton knew her; I dare say he didn't talk of her to you. We wern't of your set. you see. You always knew I never concealed from you that I hadn't moYed in the same class you'd been ac- customd to mix with. You knew that, and were willing to accept it." "Yes! You were yourself to me." "That's how- it is we never met at Hol borough. I was only there now and then for a time, and we moved In different or bits. My sister was as good a girl as ever breathed, but delicate, a pretty little pale thing, fond of books and poetry. Philip Stretton didn't mean anything by his attention to her — perhaps no harm, perhaps no good. I didn't choose that he fhould amuse himself making a play thing of her heart. We met on that lonely road; J spoke to him — he took the high-and-mighty tone with me, and told me to mind my own business. Well, it's no story for your ears, Helen, but you can guess how high words ran between us. As I live, I'd no intent nor thought of serious injury to life or limb when 1 struck him. But I was strong, and I suppose in my anger I hit harded than I meant. It was just by evil chance that he fell with his temple on a sharp stone. If I'd let him lie r.s he fell, it would have beer, plain enough how it happened. But in my horror and dismay I lifted him up, and moved him, trying to recall him to life. It never occurred to me, I was so stunned, that the stone left lying there would have been supposed to have been used as r. weapon, still less that young- Walter Stretton would be suspected." "Why did you not come forward and tell the truth?" "Because, I own it to you, Helen, I was a coward — for my sister's sake more than for my own! ,It would have killed Lizzie to have had my name coupled with his death, and her name dragged in and compromised, as it must have been. I thought to save my sister's good name and peace of mind. It was not until I was far away that I heard how Writer Stretton had been arrested and discharg ed for want of evidence. I thought the matter ended there — was no more con cern of mine. But I see now, a man's deed is a matter of liis life for ever — he can never get away from it'." "And — your sister?" breathed Helen. "She died! I took this silence on my conscience for her sake, in vain. I see , now that it was a crime. But I didn't know — believe me, Helen, I never knew, how WalterStretton had suffered from it. And I didn't know it was your heart I ; was nearly breaking! But now it's not too late to atone to you both. You were his, first. I give you back to him! I'll give you a written statement telling ex actly how Philip Stretton's death came about, ilf that's not enough, I'll go back to England, and make my declaration there." "It is enough! it shall be enough. You shall not go back to run the smallest risi ! Oh, John, I cannot accept this sacrifice from you!" But yet, in her heart, she knew, and he knew, that the sacrifice was already accepted. When Walter Stretton came, obeying a message from Armstrong, to Weston's Grove, he found John and Helen hand locked in hand, and it was hard to say which was the paler in this parting hour. John turned and put Helen's hand in Walter's. "She has a great deal to tell you, Law rence," he said, and his strong voice shook a little. "I'll leave you together." Tears were in Helen's eyes, but John Armstrong smiled, for the heart-throb of sacrifice is "a pain that stings like joy!" He turned away, and lefc them— to gether. (The End). 