THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers posseed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the ":ulepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of iinding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine sonme ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was asdark as the bottom of a well. "I can't see to read, here," said the visitor. " Then we will have some light," was the reply. and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed it had one strange quality--i cast not the dightdest s.alor. This story is hard to believe, yet its truth is atirnned by a main of vast learning mad high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights oun have seen have cast shadows, Belief or munelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earth. quake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Line ghost. A man who lhas been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friendls tell hint of a medicine which they believe will make him well, W1hat else but doubt could result from his experience 1 Take an example: " In the spring of 1888." writes our cor respondent, "1 fell into a low, weak and langsmid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was dleranged, my appetite poor, and after eat ing I lial pain andl weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequ ently spat up a sour fluid, and also hitter bile. Later oi I suffered from nervousness and great pression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I hadl taken only a few doses I found relief ; my fool digested, andi gradually all nervousness left me. Although I haid no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curatire Syrup, I have Iten in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a lduty to send yon this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 131, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, Junie 8th, 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr tGriffllth's canlid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may he true enough, but it cannot he veri fied without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magi cal alout Mother Seigel's Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are hilt symp. toms, forms or phrases of that universal disease-indigestion and dyspepsia; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. " - . . . ' - i, 