1 MILL'S ICE. CHAPTER XV.— {Continued.) ' Ono would imagine that you were moonstruck, Averill growled, rougbly. ' Whac ! with thu moon behind me,' Baid Har court, with difficulty keeping control of his feel ings. ' Rathor, I am uduiiring the pictureequo beauty of your house, air. The view from hero is really grand, with tho moon on tho ivied walls and quaint old windows.' 'Lawyers are not usually glvon to silly sonti ___!. I* r\A/il-nn A imntil unnni-nW ft 'I'/i m «r tvtitisl XJlUlil** i/uvUUl a-u-in DMUbi ou- -i. */ * J ??***«»-?- the house is devoid of a singlo lino of beauty. I think that I would prefer a barracks, a barn, or ? ' ' A gaol 1' laughed Haroourb. ' Well, tho itookary is littlo better than a gaol,' he retorted in sibilunt tones, ' though I cannot for the life of mo, appreciate your oursed fun. Do you know, Mr. Dudley Harcourt, that I hate- jokes P They make me frenzied. Well, well} let us get indoors. I feol thu uhilly evening air, und there is rheumatism in my bones.' They roturnod slowly toward the house, and Dudloy found it impossible to keep his eyes from the window wherein ho had Been thu gluaraiag white fuse. Ho wondered if it had nay existence at all beyond his imagination, and remembered tho etory of a house which had bad the reputation of being haunted for years, by the ghost of a Iioueo ' maid, cap and ribbons complete. Upon investi gation, tho illusion had been discovered to bo meroly the offucts of the lights and shadows from the carved stone-work adjoining thu window. j Whilo these taought* wore- pinning through his mind, Abel culled somewhat gruffly C: his mastor, und Harcourt continued bin fascinated starn with* out fear of detection, now that Doctor Avirill's at tention waa called away. Tho brown holland blind, roinained porfoobly still, but Qis quick oyes saw something flash downward, und Btriko tho soft grass bolow. In an instant his heart bounded into bis throat, and tha blood coursud through hia voina like molton Bilvor. He felt that tbu object, whatover it might bo, had been sent from tuo bedroom ubovu, aud that it was iutonded for him alone. The dootor turned to him again, after a whis pered conference with Abol. His manner aeutnod eomowhat perturbed, und his eyua glinted from under hia shaggy brows. ' Wo will go indoors, now, if you please, fllr. Haroourt,' ho said ; ' Abel strongly objuota to my being out in the night nir.' He laughed lazily. ?'The fellow's soliultude upon my aooouao is ntnus ing somutimeB J' They V(V9lie(i within twenty pnuos of tho epot whuro tho missive had dropped. Uuroourt strained his oyos, and saw Himobhiiig wliitu half hidden by the rank grasa. But how was he to obtain pobbos BlonofltP How was be to Boizu it unobserved P To return alonu was »u impossibility; he knew that overy movemont of hia whs buinp; watched. 'Abel has loukud tho Crunch windows,' Dootor Avorill said, ' and wu shall bo obliged to ontur the Loubo by tho front door,' They had turiiod nn angle nf tho building by this time and Dudloy began to despiiir. ' Excuse inu fur a uhorl; tlini', dootor,' ho said, coolly, though 1i!h heart throbbed violently. ' I have dropped my cigur holder. Don't troublo to como with me if your rheumatism is threatoniug.' ' Ourse your oigar holder ! Abel will find thaB.' 'No, thank you,' lau«hiid thu young man, 'Abel might taKe a fanoy to it,, and I prizu it I-ooau80 Lord Southcoino gavu it to n..o.' /Ho dinted away, nob heeding .Doctor Avorill's angry remonstrance, und pMHoijnud himaulf of tho object in tho grass. It waa u pnper containing aouio hdavy substanoe. In an instimr. tho tiny ball, was An his vest; pocket, fur he heard the dootor'a hoavv footdtuns bull in d him, OUAPTKK XVI. : : A MICHIIAOH mOM I.AU.N1!, 'Hor did your oigtir holder goc hum, Mr. Dudley i if^roourtP' demanded Averill, BHroiistloally. \ His ayes blaziid — hia breath vaino and wont, in f quick, (fiaroo gasps. u '?' But. Cor tuy knowlfld[fa of your occontrioity, Hir, |( I'ahould .bonaidor your manner grossly Importl-, t aont,' wi»D tbo haughty rejninder. ? 'ils it pooullar ?'.(., that I ahould drop my property irt any partloular -\ part of. yqur grounds to whiuh I hav.c froo aoonss '. nB yr»uc, guest P Your auoplclous conduct. niyutiQua niqJ' .„ . 1! The.doetpr lnughod. I; «? I am oo.niiunied for your sufory, Ilarcoutti ho ?oald, holf--vpologntloally. 'If anything .hupponod to you ihoro, I ahmild mivoc forgive mysnlf:' j! . ' Poliaw I -Your dogs have too much .sonso to 1, imrfc inn,' laiigbud Dudley. ' 1 mn not :a tliiof »,? sneaking about' your houno and «roMiutH.' ti ?- It ie not tJi'it,' Avorill wont on rapidly, ' My ;';,- TO»n Abel iias taken n violent dlsllku to you—hu i hatoo all HtrangorH, and I do not think tlmbflio in 'M really, accountable tor his aoMona. I will toU you ',H ft Boorob. VonrH ago Abol dosortod from tho iiruifr. w mg ^jrain woo turjied by tho faitliloHanuss of his IVi w(f0 ttnd ia ovnry Btrango man ho oithor anus the ,V--; .villain who ruined his lifu, or an odlBor of juatlco, I;;- tt'o mo he Is devotud, buonuao I havo boon Kind to W 'JmIuip— whom h« ivnrshipa, lu tbo old d»ya ho «rna 11 V hoi1 father's ordurjy/' \'\ c Aud wlwit have I to Corn- from him. [/'' i[!ho doctor Bhrmt(jed,hl.ialiouldorfl. VA ? ,1. 1 wi|| not uiluoe mattora slnoo you foroo ma to i'l' sncalt nlninly. A rovolvur bullet or a thrust from aW.v bwounfc I No«, do you wonder that I fuar to f ^iKoSh&oinvltnono; tor Dudley I Batd7 ' And I am auro that J ouifht ,0 bo aiuoh 1 obliged to you, dooror/' ho added, ironically, i Hia hoartihrobbod wlthnoonBOof fiarootrluinpja. 1 Hohad Bfioured tho mlflalva dropped by nn uusoua luiad, and th»t mlssl ^0 ho uoiiuootod with tho fjiao ,i( the window. Ha hold n oltfiirholdor towards Dopfcoj' AyorilJ, ooojly rownrl'lntf ' ' 