T E I~SSING HEIR1 OF CALLONB . BY Mie G. Srut.eo\\. Authorces of "Doroethy Jrewel," 'The M;ee cd IBridal,' Lte. CUAPT.ELl IV. "ou. PAPAI, SP PPPP-7i PlOP:?; _i 1A . 0\ ' The nrit rooroi:o;; cop1. w ith her fathor ws roeeponioi, etar for the diotant city where she eons to murns her otodics. She rwrent with a mooch Iithtcr heart than she hod thought psooibhs lere -ious to tho denoueoeot of the dsq he fore. toed wrll for eer it osas that lsee didnot redo asPalo Iteee, ith its dia.! bolical expression a:d stooly eyes, emitting sparks of firo, gleaming at her from a window opposite, :o s le tripped down the steps of her stately hono, when, after ki~sing her hand lovingly to her mother, the entered the carriage, and was whirled rapidly awray. It was a bitter struSggl for hbr to part with that noble mother, who had over boen companion, counse]lor, and goido; sho was her idol, her pattera of excel lence, her confessor. as it were, in all troublIe and triaIs. Her father sho lovod dearly, and was his evpecil pot and joy, but he woao nCeaLsarily absent from hoone C)o rnch that comparatively ashe saw but :r Dicpeau wasO the eccond son of Count Eu;ogeno Abrt Dispccn, of one of tho provinceu of Franco; an impoverished nob!ce who o posooed nothing but his titlc, with an catae heavily mortgaged. These, otter the death of the old count, descended to his eldest son, Eugene. Tho sctond son, Albert, hovring only a foe hundesd franes, which he had inherited from his mother, and too proud to bh de psudent upon his brother, who poeessecd sc-rcly ononugh for himusclf and family, gathered together his substance and de parted into a far cont-y. In other words. ho did whba hundreds of people before hin? had done, came to the United States to make his fortune. Going upon the win," he invested his all in a pror?isin spec?lation, ond trebled his moneyinlesS tan three months. Ile invested again with a like result, and so went on pros pering until the time our story opens, whn we find him a very wealthy man. In the meantime he wooed and won a lovely and accomplished girl, who brought him a substantial marriageo dowry. But his brother, the count, upon hearing of his o?rstage, wes? deeply inoensed, net rithstanding the lady's wealtb. He de tes'ed " pl bha loed,"and tho know. Iedge that his brother should as lower himself, OEc?ded him deeply, and for years he turnee a cold shoulder upon him. reimaing to hold ?ny commuoncation with him or his family. jt: Alcert Uspeau, after some years, learod th2rough some friends who were traeCilinr in Europe, that his brolher, durng the years of their separation, had bhoero mrore and more impoverished, his esotates oro encumbered, and in fact his family 3 So safering for the simple neces. satios of life. Albert Dihpeoa, forgelfful ofselfadal th sern which he h ad received from his brother, with all his noblest feelings aroo-cd, left his farnily, taking one htalf of his oist fortune, and seeking his kimas man, relierved his necessitie, lifted his reortgagr, and settled enoogh spon him to matie him independelt for life. This 3agrranimoos aet, after no znouh proveious abae from the elder brother, brooe down every barrier. The haoghty nohlcnan ond for pardorn, weeping likes child, Ho fonod that an sllisa with *plebeian hood " had not contaminated Albcrt Dlspoou, r-u- roblx hil: of ono single. noblo Pent:nieat., :.m li~o otl'od him to brio t Ls nootitcl wife ariu c::i'3 tD his nu cst -o counltry·, nali rivttio b. ioui3 his anctestal costX'. But Albert loved wll ttho band of his adoption, its doemocotic smttsnt~mts, its noblo public institutions, rand above all, tocsstos it ,,::a }u, toolas for poor, opotossitd shoo soreosi ctotoht, rctuýc and - h.. o circal ii- feio·i' sltcrts ,w d otobtots scofoot, sotas they tol !0crer bsfooo touaosoo3. ont eOve rise, by postoorerueososo d ootitb, to sositionso of honor gun distiootiooo with,. out no lauab as a qucs:iilu being; cs~cd c nccruitth birth ur n fhi So, haciuS seen his brother bappy and. me:iered of ogre, an~d cctupyickn once :Wore th~lt position ill the word, t o which his title ;are him a right. but whlich hereto fore he }lad ahunnccd it -coullt of h-is povetty. ho bh-d him at atiloctioatto efoo tooIlaad returned to his noble wifi and to his adopted hlo w. beating pith 1t.o the count's heartfelt blletiingaaa restored 0otitsltanding that Mr Albert Dis peau considered himself purely deo:o cratie in his -iows, in his secret he.rt ho was eryn proud of the nobol blood which flowed through his vcins, and this prido was inherited by his daughter, Iathough sho very rarely mentioned it, as reoted in a previous chapter., ho pos?e?sed too much native goodu ta3to to boast of what, in this f?ro country, could do hoe. no good; but it i sta:ungo t?at her busy broic built many o tittto o pretty head groew d'iy = \ih vslions of comics and noblemen b-s-inr in hams e before her peerics ch?rros, until at la t one more snore noble anrd orthy thn all should win her for his oen, and tiene forth she would be my lady the reentees, or porchance even a duchess 1 It was a foolish little dream, wua ist ot Yet she spent many happy hours in enaving its golden threads. Father and daughter have been longon their journey, while we have been indulg ng in retrospect, but with a sweep of the pen we will overtake, and learn if it be Sell rith them The twilight shadows wore deopening when they drew up before the portals of the Seminary, and the lofty hbuildiuga looked gloomy and sombre to ?adge in the gathering twilight She clong to her father's arm as they ascended the smooth granite stops, and a little shudder involuntarily ran through her frame as he pullce the bell which rang through the spacious hall within tith a rsap clanan, coag I " Oh, papa, it seems like a pr: on al ?ost," she said, stifling a little sot, for already she had begun to th;nk of home and mother, and a dreary homesickness was settling down unoon her. " You caonot tell, dear, in this dismal light I doubt not, by to-morrow's suan light, that you will pronounce it a most delightful place," he replied, cheerfully. The porter at this moment made his appearuoance, and upon ?r DlispeA givisg hom his card and nquring for the prin clpal, led him into the reception.room, which was well-lighted and mnade moat inviting by a cheerful coal fire in an open grate. "Ah, this is truly comfortable, is it not, little daughter r' asked 3rs Dis peas, as he approached to warm his chilly fingers, while Madge, an atom mor cheer. ful, seated herself in a low rockler near the fire, and put her little feet upon the polished fender. The prinipal soon entered, with 31r Diepean s cd still in his hand. and greeted them most cordially, andpr sently tho door opened egain, and aduak eyed, sweet-looking woman entered, whom the gentleman introdoged as his w? t? .ct; by b il-r manner tmd the d~r~, l f, eac!c her Eiu"o, ::, sai r, luoo%-c her Lat, v,, c n ofo· many nin .=:s Lzfcru the ,yoanoborl'o tonzao eras l'opooepolue J ¶fo :+a& chLah"' witFjh tJ:L' priili:IaI S wife as if she Laod been ti fri on'id of ycaI but hicr hcart gave a great boaad, and i tLo. r rc`*tuoL_:ca e d to h- r os, as ire .rsc ad c2l. ^, : is to I:O crleL, C 'r=i?; ' ? trll net 0o z bfby £anc Ir, folo 1 w oill co mucr'his ihreji- d ftolirn, ti if ii am to a: a batii:?tý FciOC! gir, will Coi one wiokth toy oiholt heddr!." tnSo, with egui tih plue p in heir theoet, but with t ctdm nd s:lf- osoescd man nor, the took leave of her father, fellow iue hits from the roceptioou-rrrolu through tlto groat hall, and sawr hin go out into the darknoss w~ithou~t shedding a~ ttur. Then tucking the prii:cipal's wife :gain, slioo -4edd ?Mrs Pa R3ymond, M-11 I now bie shown to in room?" "Cortainly, door, at onc, and I ill go w1ith you tyn?li, instead of colling tho atron0 an it is oo ltt. I think you hare a very ploasant room, too, if I remember right What number did you say it ws, ti.r Raymondr ' she asked turning to her husbhnd. " No. 47, I think," ho replied, turning to a lint which ho held in his hand. "Yes, hero it is, ` Miss Diopeau, No. -47 It is . corner roon , with a bedroom m joining, from caCh of which you will have a moot delightful view; your father selected them when he woa hoer before. Good- night, .'liss Di.pena," eo added, oh:iine hier cordially by tho hand, adding, cn:ilingly; "I trN:u you will Siavely drive awey thau dre-.ded ghost, homezck nees, which usually haunts our pupils -during their fist few days with us, and -voe prIe-?e.n dreams inst?ed."' Maudge smiled, though it was raihei forced, as ahe returned his " good-night," and then followoed her sweet little guide. Her room she found most comfortable and cozy, for her father had adorned it with several beautiful pictures and little nick-nacks, hoping thus to dull the edge of her grief at leaving home. She began to be quite reconciled du?ing the half hour which Mr Itaymcend bLeguiled her with her merry chat, but cwan, after her gentle kis, the door closed upon her, and bUalge as left alone, with only her own. thoughts for comlpny, the old homesick neat came back, and throwing herself upon her b?d, she sobbed in an utter abandonment of grief. until wearied bo yond even tears, she arosr and preparod to retire for the right. CaAPTER V. A CHARM scHOLLE. Wearied more than she had realised by her journey. and more than all by the tears she had shed in such abutndcce, lladgo slept very Isto the next mornin ; that is, very late for the hours owhich are kept at - Seminary. Neither the dresaing-bell at half-past fre, nor the breakfast- bell an hour later, aroused her from her deep, dreamlee slum'ber. It was only after sharp and repeated knocking at her door, that she w-s awakened; and she started up, lookin' mound with a half-frichtened, wholly puzzled eoanteno?e. It took her a m-I ment or two to collect her scattered senses and roalise where ahe waas, then hastily spnrmgng from her coch, she slipped on a wrapper, and approaching the door. she ashed : "Who is it?" "It is I, Neora IcNeal, and I hare ome to tell you that breakfast is ready," was the reply, in the sweetest yet eaddest tones that Madgte had ever heard. " Good-mornin, Mi McNmL. Come in, please, andat tell se memothing aboat Ah, do co~e ir 1" s!n co-Uinood, as thv io Izo:nonon' o &-c vo~e loo n inlonno5Cr young iro Jyoly hesitateo; "indeed Nor- MNcal e 'toreo :d tthi oeoi-j shntwnoo, tioo ow.- onS nootod bertel in nal-w conker ho too window. - Sho -ass nooanl and =':;git, yet blieo.t wotkoth loontod tit oc' herce nod dhe haoo lo'sge, o.o bluo ey, whilo thorn woo onu esprennino nI pooioetnt:ow~ aboot ho fulil red lins aod in thoe oft nooilo which iho'-oed thiceo, tht went otoaioht to oun's heart. " How oandsomo rho in; bht I wonder whait got sorerow ebo ln etad nto emabf hr look so iine. a mourinning usint ?"' re:agn'a ior-.rd comment, oa her quicn ye notod nll this at a glance. 0 'Sty onnono is r idangret Dinpeez hbc h naer fui o Is ad rn th , hongli h Miogort is torod MEtn for mon ,o I am canlt adoo e; it i bt proper [ houid introduoce mseo aso I hante emiIie 1y. "Ye, I know yoou e o Dflea Diapeu, and you thin: thin u a 'horeid plop'dd you "f answered Nosa Neael , faintly rotrnrine hoe amilo, while her brown oyp resled admiringly upon Madgo's nbooda t brosn heir. ehich her nimble ingom soro nittly dressoig " L don'knower wihy it is, bot I hare imbibed a otroog lrojudiro Igaioot Lhir portorla r Woaol. rod ii pogo rn disabisa my mina o; it I wiseL poUsorold.' e enoeeo istd~0 "You canh? W ly ho hvad in oppor. tmnity to judge as yet," ?owered. Nor'; "Cwo who haveo boon here some time, thins it a lovely plat ; the prospect from this hill is delightiul, and your roomse e come of the plnasant?st in the whole building," and sho glanced wistfully nround, heaving a littlo sigh at the nme time. " Oh, the plco and prospect are well enough. I ui thbinn of it prin?oiny as an institute. Idit hrn long bee you beCn her" ", One yc:: " ad this is the Yx~innin;; of the tDnt Scar in the colleegatte ceteen this term." ·And do you intend tio d~rdnce1c" "Oh, yes, I ace fitting myscef for a techior," replied Norn, rithannohersih, and nisd fthi-eweay look in her lordly blooojee ilie ninny tieahers ore them boen, and cn they pienoent nneel'ahe noked aehe ainnifed her reedinoie to go dnwn to brcahnel -W e hvei ten beaiden the prineiclt and his wife, and I thinL ll men to be kind, though of curte thorne are soee who have t'heir pe?uliritiea." " I -suppooe the rules ore frightial! strict, and orery specios of fn i ta booed,' id ? ldge, who was bent a.. ~owsnin just hor far sho could go and oca=p? the much-dreaded roles. " I do not thin our reles aroany lio streit considering all things, and we find much to enjoy---at leat mot of tthe giru appear to," and here M dge noticed another faint quivering sigh. " All things, from the way you empha nised the words, mean?, I suppose, that you have in the cehool some wild ons, like myself perhaps, who need thrict !es and strict watch," retorted 3!adge, with a rocnish smile, and contide-ably comsortnd with the thought; then added; " I ?pet I shall got into disgrace daily, for I am one of your ire rePsibi ones, I did not like to come nere o~ bit, hut it w.s.oc ordcred ho 'uhe ]cr fsmilivs, .and. theroforo I ha:c 13-.? up *ind to oubmit ; racefully, en3 are dl the csgiti.nto fu:n poe:ibl:e. ' t- u way, No-r-ple:sso lot m: c;i y.1 :i,, nIealcr econs to formal-" ,\Vith paosuro, `li?a D'pc!tu- " t No, no, my dear frieud, thst in too o,,o-ided altogether ; my name is ,if ]., roemmbcr," and heo linked her arm in e,,r co::-non' s and s-i!oed playfully. "Pllt," tile^ }:e` nn, " Ic: vs Oin^.. to ;- w:er 's 0o"r rn ,::: ' ,:'s . ro ,= !- t t: tr l w a3 in tlh etre bui din;g, up four light, but i -eceict d bl.1! eort of pr oic.o that 1 ,?i',t c`='.- it Cfor otteir ns tlhis 'c-c I fear, t.ough, a Chat ho ;i= ap.ointed, aS tha?o 'r indications th..t tou re-ool is going to bt very full." t" Un fror lightst Gts gracious I i should think it would kill you !" ex claimed .lodge, in amoceoacnt. " l'aro yon a -oom-mate 7" 5oN--I-I .ave not," oho answeered, bluhing painfully. " I am right glad you love none, andl you shall not drag your weery little feet up four flights of stairs any longer. I like you, little Mdiss Nora. and would hke to have you come and share my room." "Do you -would you " she raid, cagerly, her whole face glowing with pleased nsurprise. Then it as suddenly clouded, and she added, hesitatingly, 'I should be very happy. and you are very kind, but-perhaps it would not be hest." "' Why not, I sho-ld like to know ? I supoleO the zirls hbvo a right to choono their mates." " Oh, yes; that is if they ieme in sea '":Well, I have come in seaeon, anol lhall claim that privilege ; thereforo I cheoso you, unless, indeed, you object." "No, no, my dear ,ise Dispeau. I could not do that. It sould be dii?htifui or me it rrlr: but "r-3 b!jl:" e s,::.-., crý-.:co.i:t, her br.ow, and the .~nt I'..rhtin to h'r y :s a -" may -s , 'oi oi y o ::: o a s l.,t th.ati a:; no,. here Cr'ly as c:rity schoh:r ;' thal il: l co.o e:ere ao:: deo, ctra b vork sui:-cint to p-y for m-y tutioa. They nooat hy.avei omio siuch p).soun to do a little of every thing, and si Id o s?zitd an esiuction. and had no mea-n to get it :14 othcrs do, I a;,>plica for the iltu :ti.n:. ?mt of tho ,irl:, k , , u: cp ::. 1-uh 1 :a3o i,:-0 friend, wh,) re very kind to ::e;c eti!l it might not 1; p!easant for youn to h-vo a room-i a:lto .%hu:ol o.th, de s" :or-e .h::.u to them, then, ant all the.u cor, easo h,.;hv 1 dc want iyou, 0ora dear," rep!ied uadie, with! rcdy sym pathy, nading: '' Say, is it a bartain I know you ..re a quiet, demuro litt!o body by your looks, whila I am a wild, unmanageablo girl, and rrw l n? d yrou to koeep me strciht l:eally, my dear, it would o an n.ct of mercy on your part. though I warn you beforchandyouwill hrae your hands full," she said, lagbhingly. Noe. laughed too, and promised. MAnado Dispean was irresistible when she chose, and her gaiety now was con tagious, while it had bean many a long day since littlo Miss Norm MIcScal had looked so happy, and felt so joyous as at that moment. lty thin time they hald reached the dining-hall, and it was evident froma the well filled tables that Mladgo hd been the only delinquent on that morning. and she felt a thrill of hornelicknes creepingover her again as she beheld co many strnago fances. Noraled her to a seat at her own atble. but though ahe .aas hungry?and tried hard to cat, the dce!rate feeling that she wss stranger ameng strangers, tagether nith the ordeal of rittin: beneath the battery of eno nm:y curious eyes, nearly overcame er. and thlt obstinate lump in lher throat aild riac up and choke hor, anud-so re eoledcl that as snon :is brcakfast was over, s2h woulil fly to her room and have anothcr hearty cry. lBut upon arLing from the table the principal'n wife sought her out, nod in trodoced her to several young ladies, and nhe soon found out, much to her' stisfac tion, that there were other merry ones in tcih world ,eidces herself. It dii not tacke her long to become a quintta,. and her list if friends incrnased v-ey rapidly, for every ono was eager to knoow tihe be:autiful and elegant bliss Dis p:Mr. The day passed more agrecably :ian vhe had anticipated, and sho wsh sonris.d when the hell rang for te . After toe, she stood talking with a ronp of Girln in the dining-halL Mrs Upton. the matron. approached and as!:cd if she had found anyone yet whom she ,osuld lihk for a room-mate, and alse very much surprised that worthy lady by replvig : "Yes, ma'am. I have chosen for my -rom-mate tho first young lady with whom I became acqusinted-Mi?s Nora McNeal." " Horrors I" whiopered a bejewelled and befri?-ed piece of vanity behind her. who had admired Mladgo excessively, and who had aspired herself to become het room-mato. Lnhe is going to room with that Irish charity scholar !" Poor Nora, who was at that momecnt pa?sing with her arms full of dishes, shrank ler k as if strlnck a heavy blow. Mtadcge swept haughtily round. and fl?ahed a withering look upon the malicious- girl, saying scnrnfullr : "'is MTc McNeal of frith! d~sece;t. She probably camno of a high famwiy, then, for abe is exceedingly Iady-like and refined, much more so tlan some who maliciously wound her feelings. I for one amc vory much pleased with her." Little Miss Fri;zlopate suboided entirely at this pointed rebuke, and although many bright lips were*curled in acorn that Madge should interest herself so wal::!y in behalf of the poor, deapi?ed girl, p~ thing more was said. Their sneers she did not mind in'L:tt least; she wam a host in hereel, nad wholly independent of what they might any concerning her choice, inrc.rly re solving that for the future, if lshe could prevent it, Nora should not be t!l paecr, ill-treated thing which it was evident she had hitherto been. Mlrs Upton, Madgo could plainly eo, was greatly influenced by pop:Aor oninion. " You are at liberty," she said, coldly, " to choose whom you like for a room mato, Miss Dispean, only there will bone no opportunity for a cbange after to-day." "' Fickleness is not one of my failings," returned :Madge, laughing good-naturedly, and trying not to mind Mra Upton's hord tones,'`nd Nora it shall bo. if you plecso.o Mrs Uplon bowed in a dignified nan nor. and moved away without replylng. She was not very well pleased with the spirit of indepeodeence which the "now scholar "manifested, and ohe had no sym pathy with poor, friendless Nomr McNeal, as the future will show. j The girls. to uzoe a vular term, turned up their noses, while at the same time they inwardly respected M1adge for the etand she had taken: they instinctively felt that she would be a leading spirit among them, and that henceforth Noron would have a champion whom it would not bee oise to deiy. Thus the " chrity scholar" found a firm, true friend, .nd from that time she Owas to know more of comfort and tappl ones'than she o ad ever experienced since lote entered the -chool. \- rsscetsa 