THEY WALK THE NIGHT, THE GIANT GHOST OF BENTON. The numberless superstitions which besot humanity in the past are almost cone, and with rapid strides the.world becomes daily more matter of fact. Still, it continues to see ghosts and to believe in thorn. Its habit nowadays is to want to put its hands on things, to know bj' touch as well as sight that the things are there before it believes, bub nevertheless ghosts move here and there in the throngs, and intelligent people are convinced that they are actually super natural visitors. A case in point is the Benton ghost, which is attracting much attention. A fanner named John W. French and his wife were the first to seo the apparition, They live in the country near Benton, and wore driving home one night from a neigh bour's. Tiie roau passed an cid church, rao?8 covered and surrounded by a grave yard, overgrown with shiubbery and filled with the bones of hundreds who once tilled the soil in the locality. Ter. years ago an *igod man who lived alone not far from the old church and visited the graveyard almost daily to pray over the resting place of some relative, was fuutly murdered for the store of gold he was supposed to have hidden about his bermL abode. The robbers and murderers escaped justice, and the luckless greybeard was buried in the graveyard where lie spent so much time. .Just as French and his wife drew within sight of the white headstones in the churchyard the horses reared back on their haunches and snorted in terror. French wa3 alarmed, and, suspecting highwaymen had been scented by the horses he reached for a gun, but before his hand touched it he was startled by a scream from his wife. Clutch ing his arm, she pointed straight ahead and gasped : “ Look, John. Lock * ” Far down the road, just beside the glim mering monuments of the old graveyard, lie saw an apparition. It was that of a man with a long white beard sweeping over his breast. The figure appeared to be eight feet in height, and in one hand it carried a club, such as the brains of the old man had been beaten out with ten years before. Slowly raising one arm, the ghost with a majestic sweep beckoned French to come on. He was too startled to do anything except try to restrain the prancing horses, which were straining at the harness in at tempts to break away and run. A cold sweat started out all over the body of the fanner as he realised that he was at last looking at a ghost, and then the sound of his wife's voice came to him, begging him to return the wav they had come and escape the doom which seemed impending. French was still too much scared and excited to concsoi the horses, and as lie gazed stead fastly at the fearful white object in the road it slowly began to move toward them, The club was now raised to its shoulder, n* a soldier carries a rifle, and it seemed to move forward without touching the ground, like a winged thing. Then the farmer recovered his faculties. Whirling his team around.be lashed the horses into a run and set out for the house of the friend he bad just left. Wh^n they arrived there, both the man and his wife were almost fainting from fright. The next man to see the ghost was Mil ton Moon. Ho had the reputation for being not only u man of intolli{'emco, but ono without fear. His experience was much the same as that of the Frenches, and it brought about several investigations by parties of people. Jn each case they saw and were convinced ol the actual presence of the ghost without being able to discover any satisfactory explanation. An intciesttng American ghost is that Which is said to dwell in the Forbes manor house at Bath-on-the-Hudson, near Albany. One night about thirty years ago the manor house was the blazing scene of a social gathering, Just what out of the ordinary happened that eight nobody in Bath knows. ! But something did happen, for everybody in Bath says so. At any rate, it was u gala j night, but the next morning nil the servants I excepting four faithful onea, who had been ' with the family for many years, wore dis- I charged, and shortly after breakfast all trie j members of the family left the manor house ! in carriages. No good-byes were said, i Behind them they left their beautiful home I as it had been the day before. On the I mantels and dressers wore the pictures of j friends ; m the bureaus and lockers and | chests were their clothes ; on the desks their j letters and papers. Trinkets lay on the j tables forgotten. The doors were locked, j the curtains pulled down, and the house I closed for aii time. A man in black is said to walk that house every night, mumbling and mooning us lie passes up and down the broad stairway. Snores of people assert that they have heard him, and a fewsay that they have seen him. One of the latter describes him as follows : His hair was long and curly and parted on the side, his eyes were bright, his features clearly cut, and his face pale. He was smooth shaven, and wore a high standing collar and a black bow and stock. He was j in evening dress and wore no jewellery ex- j cent a gold fob. For a moment be ceased \ mumbling, and then began moaning and walked away. He passed the door, walk ing toward the stairway. The ghost hunter tiptoed to the door and watched him ascend j the stairway till he was half-way to the top, | when he stopped as though lie had encoun- 1 tered another person. He raised his hands ■ appealingly, and fell backward with a I shriek that rang throughout the house and j v'*? answered by the echoes. His bead i struck a marble step, and thinking he had ! been injured the watcher rushed to the j spot- He saw nothing. • * The history of this ghost is tightly Iockod ! with the family, who now live in the old Forbes mansion, New York. Paul Simeon \ Forbes purchased the manor house in 1S50 \ from the Van Kensselaers, with 900 ucies of ! land. He paid 93,000 dollars for :t, which { was considerably less than the cost of the ! house.the land being practically thrown in. I The manor bouse is now the property of a I Boston man, Nathaniel Stone. j The ancient houses of England have al- I ways been favourite haunts of ghosts. I Sussex, which, of all the English counties, i has retained its old characteristics the : most, has a good many ghosts who are still 1 realities in the eyes of the rustics of that little visited district, which was once the ' centre of England's iron industry. There < is the headless man of St. Leonard’s forest, known us Squire Puulett. who jumps upon < the crupper of a horseman entering the ( forest and remains there until clear of it, * There is the drummer of Hurstmonceaux. Black dogs, a favourite shape assumed by [ ghostB all over England haunt all dork < lanes and lone byroad*, unci under many a sequestered wooden bridge a woman may be seen *piiiningf -while on the old cattle road between Kingston, near Lewes, and ] tho Marshes, known as the Drove way, a goblin may be scon on any dark, wild | night incessantly spinning charcoal. | Norfolk is another county which teems j w’Jth ghosts. There is a pale, long- haired ! woman who runs shrieking among the. pita ' on Ay line i ton Heath. There is a great' black *' shuck dog —the word “ shuck ” ie said to mean the devil —which has a blazing eye in the centre of his forehead, j and has a brother at Heel Castle, in the Isle of Man. the spirit of a murdered prisoner. Ihen young Lord Lucre, whe was murdered in 1565 by his guardian, Sir Richard Ful meraton, who arranged that a rocking horse on which tho boy sat should fall, still prances about on a headless rocking-horso. Anno Boleyn still rides down the avenue of B lick ling Park once a year in a hearse like coach, drawn by four headless horses and driven by a headless driver, with her head in her lap, and her father,Sir Thomas, does the same thing. At Gaia tor Castle there is another coach and headless team, and yet another near Great Melton. This j last rises from a pool every midday and midnight and, with its load of four headless dripping white robed ladies, passes slowly ! round the field and sinks again, and tradi* j tion says that at this spot long ago u bridal party were upsot into this pool and never seen again. 