rLETTEE^Oii<rHETB.EBIDENT. eiiMjallSjLdrthe time is abort;" Tiraespfieda awayr-rsiway-^away, N o-eagle through the skips nf day4 liowiuiLaiang theWllBcan flea V So softly or m> smooth as lie, Li . -Then plunges in tiie-fear/ul sea-..-- I -Of fathomless eternity. -—j -- ——J Aobthef beacon is nesting ns. The last one yojpia^J^i^frtfaBso^ of Ziot. We saw -J | -on the oatm sbeen of tbesiiversnrfftoe.''. ^>e beacon before had eo impressed us that under the-sbadow-of- 'jfl -all the qgre6-oLthe-ji«t . were"forgotten, and the lackadaisical life was [ buried in the detorminstion~*o do,-and -we mearitit.toq. But we glance over the course -We have come. Amid the flotsam and-jetsam -we bave-seen—many-a- perishing-oner^Sotne timeB a stranger, ofttimes a friendj now and ^ain a loved one—one of our dearest com ^ahions=nay, one of onr own family circle. WebaVeaeentfie -needdfor -and~have realized the opportunity tobelp. "IthaaLeen often in our minds to point to safety, to warn of ^Janger^to^hrow=eut a lifeline, to launch out to save. tVe oan rrfioall-hQw.jreqagmsing the plainrot- that genial "form tossed m-the- whirl—I pool, moved .hither "and. thither in" the rapids, dragged -do wn-byan nude rein-rent; we haveagain and again been impelled by a Christ-given-impulso. to move,- to oeok, to plead,-- and yet. oh merciful God, we have let him or her pass by tosurely perish. We, have crooned consciences asleep and soothed-, the once anxious maind.LIfcwas.nur call.ourdpportunityj-our responsibility. God forgive ^13 is tha-oaly appeal which can he made. (Nb,not the only-one, for as the beacon now inyviewis casting its shadow over uswe add; "Oh give lis power—power from on high" to redeem the time. ' "The new year is ahead. May it be new to each one of us /mthmewlhopee, new aims, new aspirations, new .desires, new life. We claim to be for Christ and the Church. Christ first, ^Church last" Many perhaps may.place the Church first. This year we will place Him first—"the Author and the Finisher." Let us be aotively alive to whatever duty he. calls us to— Do tby duty, that is best. Leave onto thy Lord tlte resfc. LDuty canjonly claimour attention, as weolaim [ the attention-of-God'sChrist. Duty grows prtrpng only-under the light of the Sun of .Righteousness and fanned bv the breath o? His Spirit. It will not only root and grow and send out its shade-refreshing branches u/ider_these conditions, but ..it will bud and "blossom and send a-heavenly fragrance into and from each Christian life— I '' " I reach a duty, yet I do It not, I And therefore climb no higher, but if done j My view is brightened and another spot ! Seen on-my-mortal-sun. - For "be. trie duty high as angels'flight, Falfll it and a highenwill arise Even from its ashes—duty is our ladder to the skies, — And climbing hot we fall. , . Duties after all are privileges. Each one bears the divine seal, and inscribed thereon is" the "inasmuch" "of eternity. If you would have delicious fruits and beauti ful flowers in your garden see that the g ound : is well dug, ploughed, and weeded; that the trees are pruned, the shrubs cut ; Jthattbe seeds and bulbs .are put in at the proper. Time, and the latter taken oiittb be carefully- stored for future ubo; that there is an abundant and copious supply of water. Then in the spring and summer the pedestrian may admire and mothers receive. Yes, the.care, the supervision, the toil produoe precious fruits and gorgeous biooins. You are blessed and others are idesBed. Before '98 is reached lot us ""pfuHS^ah'd^tvlitor'"awd' wgedT "Lbr tis lridoed' climb, climb to heights before us, but never yet attained, for "climbing not we fall." Many things are surplusages and hindrances. Let us have them-cut off and taken away.' The dance, the racecourse, the theatre,^he wino. They are encumbrances. Tiiev weigh us down.- They.-Stay_our efforts. For . Christ's sake cut, ^ea ca-t them off. Do not wear tke_| vestment of the world. " Love not the world neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world the love of the Father is not in him (1 John ii. 15). Let each indivi dual, each Society, each Union look to it. It is useless praying "Thy kingdom come" ^md pleading that "the kingdoms of this _w/>rldmay-kflgtims t.hp kinprHnms of nnr T.ord [ Jesus Christ" when we stand inert and in active. Often the life is not the life, "life with Christ in God." The power is lacking. What steam 4sto the engine, wind to the vessel, and electricity to the car, so is the . Holy Ghost to the individual. It is the small speck of dii3t whioh affects the mechanism in the watch; the "tiny" sting of the adder which brings death; the almost imperceptible leak which sinks the vessel. Let there be an Individual examination to See if there be any evil thing deterring and obstructing the work of the great power of the soul—the Holy Ghost. It hasbeen truly said, "The spirit of God must evangelize the Church before the Church can evangelize the world." For Christ and the Church! Then we must -be—used—by—the—-tapir it,—CLE stands. for "constant exertion," for "consoli solidated effort," for "consecrated energy." The Rev. Francis E. Ciark says it stands for "comprehensive evangelization." Oh. the "work we might dol Oh,-tire—work we should do! and now for the work we will do. Let us denounce evil, sin, and unrighteous living. Seek for jthe souls of the lost, but let not Christ's Church be built up by the Devil's art and craft. Dr, Parker says—"I don't smoke, don't drink, and don't got into debt." He says more—"I still think we have lost a good deal by supersediag-tbe ministry of denunciation by a ministry of tea and muffins, over which we assure rma another that whoever elsejs going to ruin we ourselves are bound for the bills of frankincense and the mountains of- myrrh." I do hopo that some of our young men will blow an alarm in Zion, and ~ctbthe themselves mightily in the hard armour of the Lord. _ Let us be manly and womanly for Christ. Let ns" be manly and womanly in (Jurist. Let us weTl consider the pa3t in now facing the future. L9t us ponder and meditate on all we might have done. JLe» us face fairly the omissions and commissions. It is well to realize failure. It is better to understand the cause, and, under standing the cause, to lav it all before Him, that in the humiliation and confesison we may be more watchful, more prayerful, and more overcoming in the future. Thus seeking in God's power the betterment of selves, we shall be able to surrender ourselves absolutely and entirely to Him. We are His—He is ours. My life is not my own, but Christ's who gave it, And He bestows it upon all the race; I lose it for }Jis~safce, an<T tnus J nnu it'; Accept it, Lorrl, fOT others by Thy grace. [_That is the . keynote ior 'S3. __Living -for_| others; "letting our lives bo nsed in comfort ing the sad, and "afflicted, uplifting the fallen, cheering the disconsolate, and saving the lost. Let us in the dying year re-register our vows, and in the solemn hush of the presence of God get fired with love, sympathy, pitv, mer-cy, and zeaT, "and wjejdiaTI be very giantsToYgood amid_:the changing scenes of our Jives, the tfrily ftrteflfliatiaiiH: whinh-^are gun, itndth* ^noada iBid cqmpanioBg "whpia lpng ago ye anciljlssaed JiewYfi*r. 