CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. THE LATE REV. B.C. STEPHENSON. On Sunday afternoon the ceremony was performed of unveiling the handsome stain-<*> ed glass window which has been erected in the western transept of St. Peter's Cafctiednl in memory of the late Rev. B. C. Stcphcnmn, whose death caused such widespread regret in the Anglican commu nity. The window was die special gift of the children, in whom Mr. £tepbensun took a deep interest, and they in turn bore an equal lore for tjieir spiritual guide. There was a large congregation, composed mainly of young people, and the service was an impressive one. Ts>c Bi&op; of Adelaide officiated, and he was assisted In* bis chaplain (Rev. L. P. Crawford) anil the preceotor of the cathedral (Rev. \V. i?. Milne). Immediately after nhe reading of the special lesson the bishop, clergy, and dhoir went in procession to toe sit**o£ the memorial window, where the usual prayers of the dedication wramonv trere recited. Dr. Banner called on Dr. T. K. Hamilton to unveil the window—"To the greater glory of <Jod, and in memory of Bryant Charles Stcphenson." This prayer wa« Chen offered:—''Almighty God, xAio liael called us out of darkness into Tliy ninr vellouh light. Memfullyaecept oar service, and praciously receive at our hands this window, whioh we o*Ter and dedicate t-o beautify the place of Thy sanctuary, in me mory of Thy servant, Bryant " diaries Stephenson, to the honor of Him. the brightness of Thy {dory, whom Thou hast given to be a Jipht to lighten the Gentiles, even Jesus Chiist our tanl, -who wim Tiiee and t9ie Holy Ghost Hveth and reigneth, ever one God, -nyjr-1 wiobout ond. Amen." The procession returned to the sanctuary, and Mr. Crawfurd cave an ad dress. He took for his text the words. *"O. worship tho Lori) in tue beauty of holiness." lie said tbat when the children came to their devotions through the ordi nary porcfa- door of the cathedral their . eyes would rest on the window which had been unveiled in memory of one who was truly the children's friend. The figure on ! the window represented St. Hugh, Hit*op of Lincoln He wore and was surrounded by all tlie symbols of his higfr and holy > office, and in his life he bore a. strong re scmHanct in many resiieets to Mr. Stepii eason. St. HujA lived to save the souls for which Christ tiad died: lie never forgot that he was a parish priest, and he was called by the endearing -name of -Father of rite poor.'" He paid special attention to those afflicted with leprosy, and Mr. Stejhenson had also worked zealously on behalf of the poor. Hie sick, the aced, and ihe destitute. Many a boy and girl who had grown up since Mr. !>lepiienson bad departed this life could !ook back ;?nd say "He was my best friei:d." The children . were his special care, and, like St. Hu(Si, he had ft wonderful gentleness of charac ter, whi<:h constituted the truest mark of Christ in the man. It was die gentleness) of Jiis nature that made Mr. Stcphenson so absoiutelv at home when speaking to children or liplitenitif; the. burden of some poor destitute persons. There, was n won derful beauty alwut his death. Those who saw it said it was not like death at ail—it was only jroine home, it was the tired child falling to sleep. 