OMNIUM GATHERUM. The peers carry on the trade of milkmen in London, and there is also a tit'ed fruiterer, A French gentleman, who had heard mm called spirits, went into an hotel, and called for a glass of pnnoh, requesting that it should he made of 'ghosts from the West Indies.1 It has been said, and said truly, that the test of a man's regard for a woman is a willingness to give his time, his 6ooiety. Money he may bestow from lavishness or a sense of duty ; socmly attentiors he may bestow from courtly habits of atten tion ; but when a roan deliberately cultivates his wife's society, then all is right between tbem. Really the stugo is getting as generous as young literature in tbe matter of its confidence. Madame Bernhardt, we learn, takes a bath of tea. Ada Rehan takes a bath of scented water, Miss Terry uses per fumed bran bag* in her bath, while Miss Violet Vatibrugb puts her faith in the perfume of orris root. We should suggest, says tbe ' Sun,' a little essence of reticence, too, or a good all round mixture. At the present day man is much more prone to suicide than woman. But it has been observed that as .woman approaches man in her mode of life she also becomes more familiar with those abnormal condi tions which have previously been peculiar to man. The comparative immunity of women from selfde struction in the past has depended greatly upon the relatively less harabsing part she has taken in the struggle for life. To-day it is different- Now woman occupies the field of art, literature, finance, and even politics, and, as she goes deeper into these vacations she must expect to suffer the consequences. Already it is noticeable that femi nine euicide is not entirely due to sentimental causes of disappointed love, desertion and jealousy, but to those triuls of a more material order such as ha ro led men to tho act of self-dostruction. Everybody knows what a 'dead- head' is, but probably very few know the origin of the word. This ia said to be it: — Many years ago, at the time of turnpikes, the prin cipal avenue of a town passed close to the entrance of a road leading to the cemetery. As this cemetery had been laid out some time previous to the construction of the roud it was arranged that all funeral processions should he allowed to p is* along tbe latter free of toll. One day, as a well kuown physician, who was driving along the road, stopped to ! pay his toll he observed to the keeper, ' Considering the benevo lent character of our profession, I | think you ought to let us piss free ; of charge.' ''No, to doctor,' said tho gatekeeper. * We cin't afford that, you fiend too many dead heads through as it is ' The story travelled around the country, and the word ' dead head' was even tually applied to those who obtained free admission to the t'noatrc. Pittsburg has quite a novelty in the children's miniature theatre which is a part of the opera house, for to this ' theatre' there is abso lutely no charge. It is free to th« smallest child of any patron, and trained nuises and maids are on hand to attend to all. Over the children's theatre is a nursery, pro vided with beds and bathroom, and when the youngsters grow weary before the parents arc prepared to leave their owb entertainment, they can go to sleep as sweetly and as peaceably as in their own nests at home. The legend ' Babies in arms not admitted,' no longer terri fies Pittsburg uiamas. And not merely are the infants provided with every comfort, but the older ones are amused by exhibitions suited to their tastes, and such performances as appeal to youthful minds. It is a part of the general schema to give American children a good time while they are young and appa rently it would work to a charm in Pittsburg's miniature palace of amusement. A novel Htt'c convenience to be found in most German railway sta tions might with advantage be copied by railway companies in this country. Passengers for suburban stations, instead of going to the regular ticket office and standing in line for several minutep, can go to an automatic box, and by dropping in the slot a coin equivalent to the amount of the fare, can supply them selves with a ticket in an instant. Rows of these boxes are erected against the wall in convenient loca* tions. The name of the town ie painted in large letters, and under neath the price of the ticket. The proper amount is slipped in the slot, a button is prv i«ed, and out drops a ticket. Mark Twain tells this story in his now b-.-ok ' Following the Equa tor '? — The Boors are a queer lot. I beard more strange stories about them than I can remember. One was that not long ago a bishop was seen making a business progress through a tavernless velt, and one night he stopped with a Boer ; after supper was shown to bed. Weary and worn out. he was soon sound asleep. In the night be woke up. feeling crowded and suffocated nnd found the old Boer and his fat wifo one on cach side, with all their clothes on and tnoring. He had to Mtay there and stand it— awake and suffering— until towards dawn, when sleep again fell upon him for an hour. The Boer was gone, but the wife of his bosom was still by his side ! Who does not know the man who takes it as a personal insult if you differ from him in some matter of perfectly legitimate discussion, of tho woman who sulks because her baby or her dress is not sufficiently appreciated ? These people are to be met with every day. and are a nuisance to themselves and their friends. In fact, friendship with them is almost impossible, for the reason that one never knows from one day to another when it may be turned into a bittor enmity. We do not trust our little confilenoes to people who may possibly make use of tbem against us at a future time, when amicable relations have ce ised to exist between us. There must be a generous amount of give and take in all human relations. Our friends have to put up with many little im perfections in us and we shou*** tifea willing to do the same by the^/^ 