THE FATE OF PUGILISTS. WHY SOME COLLAPSE. SlUce M'Cool's Last Days. Tho Amorioan oorrespondont of London Mikkob of Life Bays : — Joe Cboyuski reooivod ^E4G0 for fighting a draw with Jim Jeffrios at San Francisco recently. ' Tho givo-and-tako stylo of boiorn, Btich as Goddard, ICid Lariuno, and Waleott, aro always uounded ont of oxiiitenco, for tho simple reason that they aro willing to stand for three punohes at short rangtf if they cannot return ono,' was I'araou Davion' explanation of tho Queonsborry bruisers of Goddard's stylo. Ho says: ' I prodictod t'tiroo yoarsngo that Goddard would not last long, bocuuso nuturo would finally robot against tlia awful strain aud puniuhment that Goddard received in all his battles. Ho know absolutely nothing of tho scteuco of boxing, and had absolutoly nndofenco. Thesooffensivo warriors genorally die from the effects nf tho punishmont thoy swallow iu the ring. Goddard, Luviguo, and tho others, in hammer and tongues or trip hammer olasa, arc invariably struck down hv bodily ailments, generally stomach and lung troubloR that originate iu tho ring. , 'Miko M'Cool, who boat Tom Allen for tho Championship of tho World in 70, wus of tho Goddard and LaTigno typo. Ho died a pauper in Now Orlonns oarly in tho 80's, and waH l'oscued from a panpor's gruvo by his oid fooinan, Allon. Tho lust, timo I saw M'Cool was in the Croscont City a fow days after tho Sullivau-Ryuu fight at Mississippi City, ilo dragged bis moatloss bones into the St. Charles Hotnl liko a ghost Graying abroad in daylight. Nothing was loft of tho her culean M'Cool but a caduvor, a looso tissuo of skin aud bones. He fought Allon at 1901b, aud when ho camo among us for tho last time at tho St. Charles ho was a feather-weight, and oh, what a mockery on the giaut M'Cool I Ho weighed no moro than 3151b. Ho came up from tho lovoo, whoro he was employed as a'rouseabout. and asked for John h. Sullivan. On boaring that Mike M'Cool was in tho hotol John hurried down from bis room and shook tho wasted hand of the dying fightor. John invited Miko to a bottle of wino. But M'Cool, who, with all his roughness of hide nnd heart iu tbo old days, had a pcouliar pride, refused John's offer to out tho wires of a wino bottle. ? I will drink just what I can afford, and tlmt'a a glass of boer,' ho said. And to our imrpriso ho insisted on buying a round for Johu.'Jiilly Madden. 13ob Farrell, and tho others, friends of the big follow. ? Poor devil, ho is paying Imb dobt to nature, tbo fltioo as all the rough game fellows do,' oaid Al Smith. M'Cool looked ovor John from scalp to sole, and, his eyes wot with tours, said, ' You're u line, big fellow, but don't mako u fool ot yourself by roughing it in your, lights. Learn how to box and how to work on tho defence, for if you don't yon will fool it when you got older,' blubbored poor Miko. Thon ho compared himself with Mace. If ho had been us clovor as Mane, with his strength to baok him, he would have held tho Championship for longer than ho did.' 