-TH5 LOW DUTJH SSAB.* , Sia,— The writer of the above article in yours of the 17th instant, who 1 feel assured is not John Norton, wiltully misquotes and mutilates Bacon'i grand essay * Of Unity m Religion.' The form in which this ps^udo extract is put before tbe public implies dianaetrica'ly opposite to what Hacon actually WfUbV. ',''4 | cilectual in the suppression of Port lloyal j when literatuae was limited to the few, but : in this age, with a free press, universal education aud the broadcast dissemination of literature there is no necessity for a Pascal to expose misrepresentation. 1 give the correct words of Bacon with, in italics, the words omitted by the writer of *Xhe Low Dotch Bear.' Lucretius the poet , when, he beheld the act of Agamemnon, that could endure the saori jicing of his own daughter, exclaimed * Tantumreligio potuit tuadtre malorum What would he ha,v/t said if he had known of tiie massacre in France, or the powder treason of F.nglaiid ? He would have bten seven times more epicure and atheist than he was; for as the temporal sword is to be drawn with great circumspection, in cases of religion, so it is a thing monstrous to put it ijito t he hands of the common ptoplt ; tot that ; be left to the ana Baptists and other furies * It was a great blasphemy when the devil said, 4 1 will ascend and be like the iligke8tl, ! but it is greater blasphemy to personate God and bring him in saying, *1 will descend aud be like the prince of darkness 1 ; and what is better to make the cause of religion to dcBOcnd iQ the cruel and execrable actions of murdering prince*, lutchery of people, and subversion of States and Governm-nits ? Surely this is to bring down tbo Uoly Ghost, instead oil the likeness of a dove, iu tbo shape of a vulture or raven ; and to set out of the bark of a Christian Chuicb, a llag of a hark | of pirates and assassins. Therefore it is most Mccsxary that the church, by doctrine ; and decree, princcs by their sword, and oil I learning, both Ckviitiut ani moral, as by their mercury rod to damn and to hell for ever, those facts and opinions tendinj to the support of the same, as hath ban already 'tii goox part dotf!. liureiy, in councils con* ceminj religion. that counsel of the Apustlas ihould b$ prefixed ' Ira hominis nun tin plot justitiam Dei ; ' and it wa.t a n-.t-t ''if i-bscr - ration of ti wise father, and tin less i?j gvnupusly canfesscd, that those which- held and persuaded pi\s$vre of {cotisvicnce, were commonly interested therein thtmseives for their own ends, 1 The omission of the first quoted part cf the essay, of the article 'the,' and of the words 'butchering of people, etc/ com pletely alters Bacon's expression which, emanating from an Elizabethan writer, can have but one application. The writer's panegyric on the Roman Catholic Church is simply amusing in view uf the unprecedented advances made in civilisation by Germany, Great Britain and America as compare! with the present con dition of certain more ecclesiastically lavored cjuntries in Europe. He has yet to learn that the Anglo-Saxon people owe their present position in the van of'civilisation to inherent progressive force, and that their civilisation is the custodian, developer, and protector of religions, and not tbeir : product. The Council of Constance was the use of tbo civil arm to re form, correct and protect the religion of ; the people, The. expulsion of the Jesuits from every Roman Catholic country in i Europe, and their abolition by the Bull of Pope Clement XI ^ 'Domiaus a c red emptor noster,* July 21, 1773, wai the exercise of ! the civil arm to pigtect the religion and liberty of the people. i The domestic life and low coarss actions of * The Low Dutch Bear/ have no more to do with the principles of Oraogeism than the objectionable conduct of the Popes referred to by the writer, have to do with the religious faith of the members of the Roman Catholic Church. This pernicious Orange Institution should be attacked on its constitution, a copy of which. I suppose, is obtainable, as 1 have seen it laid on tbe table of the Legislative Assembly. Here is a splendid opportunity for the writer of fTho Lnw Dotch Bear* to expose this society, and Bhow by it9 constitution bow inimical its existence is to loyalty,* law and order.— Yours, eto, SIN T UT SUNT AUX IS ON SliJT. 