Mr. M ;(lread Ie. Sir,— I" the last issue of your contemporary ap pears what Mr. M'Creadie thinks a refutation of my statements re his reporting of meetings ; and the broad assertion that he, as secretary for Mr. Chandler, asked me to meet that gentleman 111 con ference. As to the first, I need only say that Mr. M'Creadie reported in his columns that Mr. Chan dler had a meeting of 30 electors at Glencoe, and that the chairman declared for the'eandidate at the close of the meeting. And further he said that a good vote ivas promised here for his man. Now, the truth' is, there were 17 persona present'; the chairman never said one word in support of Mr. Chandlerf anil when an ;e!ector moved " a vote of confidence in the candidate; it did not find - a se conder, and so lapsed.' With one exception, I". believe, those , present voted' for myself. Again, , Mr. M'Creadie;: stated that Mr. Chandler was warmly received at Oban; .My experience of Oban — Mid that is not a thing of yesterday— is that no candidate has had a meeting there for many, years. Mr. Chandler may Have, met the ghosts of Jacky Nelson or Mumlay ; hut a meetiug of electors, bah I Mr. Wright did not meet a soul, only genial Bill Hagan ; and as for myself, I did not go there, knowing the district too well. In the second place, Mr. M'Creadie eays he wrote as secretary for Mr. Chandler asking for a confer ence. Now, I am not subject to lapses of- memory 011 such matters, and csui tell him I never received a letter of the kind.. I certainly received a letter marked "private "or the envelope and " confii- deutial " within ; such letters I have always re garded as sacred property. ' If he wishes me. to. print his private communications to me, I will do so ; but as I have always deemed it the duty of a gentleman to preserve as sacred, the private ,com- lnunication of another, I have always done so. If lie had written to me as secretary for Mr. Chandler he would have received a reply in- due course ; bat as there was 110 question asked in the private let ter, I liad 110 need for reply. This I hope will suffice Mr. M 'Creadie ; and as it is better to let sleeping dogs lie, I hope he,)vill have tlie manhood to refrain from using my name in any other way than with respect, — Yours, etc., , JOHN WKTHERSPOON. (3ieucoe, August Gth, 1898. ' ' ' 1 fiiiiiiiMBiiiiawnriinTWiii WIWIII— "nTwin'w 