THE LIGHT THAT CASTS NO SHADOW. CURIOUS stories arc told about tho powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, hare devoted worts of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the wo:ld knows nothing about. Laterly a German professor visited the " fdepis," as tln-se queer Hindus are called, for thc purpose of li idinj ont the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the sim-. One day the professor wanted to axamine some ancient Sanskirt manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the b oks were kept. Tho place was dark as the bottom of a weil. " leant see to read herc," said the visitor. "Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor Kays) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. Ile could not tell «hence it came, but be noticed that it had one strange quality-it cast ml the slighest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except ihal a!) the lights you hav.' seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbel'ef commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lis on earth quake, yet credited the tail uf the C jck Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example : " In the spring of 1888,'' writes our corres pondent, " I fell into a low, weak, and languid stale. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, niy ap|>etile poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, tiiiit frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter 1 'ile. Lat r on I suffered from nervousness and great depressinn of spirits. I kept up with my work, bul had always a sense of discomfort. Oft'and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I j heard oi Mother Seigel's Syrup, and pro cured a supply. After I iud t'ken only a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, gradually all nervousn ss left me. Although I had no reason al first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never bavin? used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit tis value, and its power over disease. Since ray recover)', for which I thank; Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the inte esls of suffering tia-nanity I d 'em it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893." There ia a deal of difference lietween Mr. Griffi'h's candid letter and the story ab .ut the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than its worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, wh > will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his addiess. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical shout Moth»r Seigel's Curative Syrup. It arts on the th ory that mest ailments are but symptoms, ioirus, or phases of that universal disease-indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cu'es that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And thal is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 