OHAPTER VI. EDITH'S HERITAGE. When the bereaved girl realised that she was bereft and utterly alone in the world, she threw herself upon the floor beside the bed and buried her face in the clothes, with a heart-rending moan of anguish. " Alone I alone 1" she murmured, while shudder after shudder shook her slight form at the sound of the pathetic word which reminded her that there was not a person in all the world upon whom she could rely for sympathy and aid in this sad emergency. Alone l alone 1 It has the most pitiful sound in the world. It speaks of a deso lation that chills one to the very soul that makes one long for death and oblivion, and, to this fair, delicate girl, who realised that she had henceforth no object in life save that of providing for her own individual necessities-that for her there would henceforth be no dear voice to greet her home-coming, or to offer her tender counsels and loving encourage ment, it seemed as if she could not endure her deplorable bereavement. Kind-hearted Kate O'Brien stood by the solitary mourner, all her sympathies aroused for the motherless girl, yet feeling herself powerless to offer one word of comfort in view of her great affliction. Tears of compassion rolled over her cheeks, and she felt like gathering the poor grief-laden girl into her strong arms and rocking her upon her breast, as she would have rocked a sobbing infant ; but poor Kate, ignorant as she was, possessed a delicacy unusual with her class, which made her feel that she would be presuming to offer her any such familiarity, and thus she stood one side, a helpless, though sympathetic, witness of her sorrow. At last she could bear it no longer, and advancing to Edith's side, tremulously remarked: "Oh, miss, it's a sad loss you're called on to bear; but it's Kate O'Brien that'll be yer friend as long as she has a crust to her name. Come away, miss, to the fire, and let me make ye a cup of tea, for you're shivering wid the cold, and as white as a ghost." These kindly-spoken words only caused Edith's grief to burst forth afresh, and she sobbed and wept until she was ex hausted and at last sank half fainting on the foor. Then Msrs O'Brien lifted her in her strong arms and placed her in the invalid's chair, which she drew close to the stove, in which she had a cheerful fire burning, and where, with her back to the bed, Edith could no longer see the loved form lying so rigid there. She bathed her face and made her drink a glass of wine which her mother no longer needed, after which she went softly about making a cup of fragrant tea and toasting some slices of bread, for she knew, from the appearance of the girl, that she needed food-which indeed she did, for she had been too anxious and excited that morning to eat a morsel of the breakfast which the matron at the station- house had brought to her. When Kate placed the simple repast before her, Edith looked up into her face with a pitiful glance. "Oh, I cannot eat I" she murmured, gently pushing the plate of toast one side ; but she thanked her for the tea and drank it thirstily. Kate then brought the sofa pillow from the lounge and tucked it behind her head, after which she stole softly from the room. She encountered the physician just outside the door, he having returned from a call elsewhere to ascertain the condition of his patient, and told him the sad news. He was not surprised; and when Mrs O'Brien spoke of Edith's grief and deso lation, the man's sympathies were aroused, and he at once assumed the care of every thing, and, remarking that he would make all arrangements for the woman's burial, he went away immediately to attend to his duties. When Kate re-entered the room, Edith was sleeping the sleep of exhaustion. She had not had any good rest during the two nights previous, consequently she was utterly worn out, and outraged nature asserted its claims, in spite of filial grief. She slept for many hours, even though there were others moving about her making her dear-one ready for her last long resting-place. When she finally awoke, everything necessary had been done, a rude screen arranged around the bed, and the room made as tidy and inviting as circumstances would permit. We will not linger over the sad details of the ceremonies attending Mrs Allan dale's burial. Suffice it to say that on Tuesday afternoon her remaina -were borne away to Greenwood, and laid to rest, in the family lot. beside those gone before, after which Edith returned to her desolate abode more wretched than it is possible to describe. She had made up her mind, however, that she could not remain there any longer-that she must find a place for herself in a different locality and among a different class of people.. This she knew she could do, since she had the promise of permanent work and now had only herself to care for. Ths change, too, must be made upon the following day, as Mr Bryant would expect her at his office on Thursday morning. There was much to be done, many things to be packed for removal, while what she did not care to retain must be disposed of; and, eager to forget her grief and loneliness - for she knew she would be ill if she sat tamely down and allowed herself to think- she began at once, upon her return from the cemetery, to get ready to leave the cheerless home where she had suffered so much. She decided, first of all, to pack all wearing apparel; and, on going to her closet to begin her work, the first thing her eyes fell upon was the casket of letters which her mother had requested her to bring to her just before she died. The sight of this unnerved her again, and with a moan of pain, she sank upon her knees and bowed her head upon it. But the fountain of her tears had been so exhausted that she could not weep; and, finally becoming somewhat composed, she took the beautiful box out into the room and sat down near a light to ex amine its contents. "Mamma evidently wanted these letters destroyed," she murmured, as she threw back the cover. " I will do as she wished, but I will first look them over, to be sure there is nothing of value among them." She set about her task at once and found that-they were mostly missives from inti mate friends, with quite a number written by herself to her mother; while she was away at boarding school. - All these she burnt after glancing casually at them. Nothing then remained in the box but a small package of six or eight time-yellowed epistles bound to gether with a blue ribbon. " What peculiar writing ! " Edith ob served, as she separated one from the others and examined the superscription upon the envelope. " Why, it is post marked Rome, Italy, away back in 18-, and addressed to mamma in Lrndon I That must have been when she was on her wedding tour I " Her curiosity was aroused, and drawing the closely written sheet from its en closure, she began to read it. It was also dated from Rome, and the girl was soon deeply immersed in a story of intense and romantic interest. She readily understood that the letter had been written by a dear friend of MIrs Allandale's youth-one who had been both school and room-mate, and who unreservedly confided all her secrets and experiences to her bosom companion. And yet, it was strange, Edith thought, that she had never heard her mother speak of this friend. It seemed that there had been quite an interval in their correspondence, for the writer spoke of the surprise which her friend would experience upon receiving a letter from her from that locality, when she had probably believed her to be in her own home, living the quiet life of a dutiful daughter. Then it spoke of an "ideal love " that "had come to beautify her life;" of a noble and wealthy artist who had won her heart, but who, for some unaccount able reason, had not been acceptable to her parents, and they had sternly rejected his proposal for her hand. Next came the denouement, which told that the girl had eloped with her lover and flown with him to Italy. '" 1 suppose it was not the right thing to do, darling," the missive ran; "but papa, you know, is a very austere. re lentless mran, and when ie has once made up his mind, there is no hope of ever turning him; so I have taken my fate into my asn hands-ou rather, I have given it into the keeping of my dear one, and we are so hiappy, Edith darling, and lead an ideal life in this quaint old city of the seven hills, at whose feet runs, like a thread of gold, thie yelloe Tiber. My husband is everything to me-so noble, so kind, so generous; itis so very strang~e that papa could not like him--that is the only drop of bitterness in my overflowing cup of happiness." There was much more of the same terror, from which it is not necessary to quote; and after reading the letter thlrough, Edith took up anotlher, in terested to know how tihe pretty love story of her mother's friend would terminate. Thie sccnrd one written a month latter, was more subdued, but not less tender, although the young girl thought slhe detected a vein of sadness running through it. The next two or three mentioned tihe fact that the writer was left much alone, her " dear one "being obliged to be away a great deal of the time, upon sketching expeditions, etc. After an interval of some months an other letter spoke in the fondest manner of the "dear little stranger" that had come to bless and cheer her loneliness - "lonely,ldear Edith, because my husband's art monopolises his time, whieo he is often absent from home a week at a time in connection with it, and I do not know what I should do in this strange country away from all my friends, if it awere not for my :recious baby girl whom I have named for you, as I promised, in memory of those happy days which we spent to gether at Vassar." "Then mamma's frienid had a daughter, wsho was also named Edith," mused our fair heroine, breaking in upon her perusal of the letter. " I wonder if she is living, and where. These letters tell me nothing, give no last name by which to identify either the writer or her husband." She turned back to the epistle, and read on "She is such a comfort to me," it ran, "and gives me an object in live-some thing besides myself and my trou " these three last words were crossed out "to think about. When will you come to Rome, dear Edith? Yodr lanst letter was dated from St. Petersburg I am very anxious that you should see your little namesake, and make me that long promised.visit" There was scarcely a word in this letter referring to her husband, except those crossed-out words ; but it overflowed with praises and love of her beautiful child, although it was evident that the young wife was far from experiencing the con jugal happiness that had permeated her previous missives. There was only one more letter in the package, and Edith's face was very grave and sympathetic as she drew it from its envelope. "I am sure that her husband proved to be negligent of and unkind to her," she murmured, "and that she repented her rashness in leaving her home and friends. Oh, I wonder why girls will be so foolish and headstrong as to go directly contrary to the advice of those who love them best, and run away with men of whom they know comparatively nothing I" With a sigh of regret from the un fortunate wife, of whom she had been reading, she unfolded the letter in her hands and began to read, little dreaming whatstrange things she was to learn from it. ,"Oh, Edith darling," it began, "how can I tell you ?-how can I write of the terrible calamity that has overtaken me l IMy heart is broken, my life is ruined, and all because I would not heed those who loved me, and who, I now realise, were my best and kindest counsellors. I could bear it for myself, perhaps-I could feel that it was but a just judgment upon me, for my obstinacy and unfilial conduct, and so drag out my weary existence in submission to the inevitable; but when I think of my innocent babe-my lovely Edith-your namesakel oh I I would never have had her christened thus, I could not have insulted you so, had I known I The letter here looked as if the writer must have been overcome with her wretchedness, and wept tears of bitter despair, for it was badly blurred and defaced. But Edith, her face now absolutely colorless, read eagerly on. "1I cannot bear it and live," the writer resumed; "and so-I am going to-die. Edith, my husband-no, my betrayer, I ought rather to say -has deserted me I He has long been attentive to a beautiful Italian countess, but I never dreamed how far matters had gone until yesterday, when I came upon them unawares, in Everard's studio,'and heard him tell her how he loved her. Then I learned of his base conduct to me, whom, as he ex pressed it, he ' had cleverly deceived and coaxed to run away with him.' ,t is a wonder that I did not drop dead where I stood-slain by the dreadful truth; but the two did not dream of being overheard, and so I listened to the whole of their vile plot and then stole away to try and decide upon a course of action. When Everard came home, I charged him with perfidy. Then-pity me, Edith 1-he boldly told me that he was weary of me ; that he wculd pay me a handsome sum of money and I might take my child and go back to my parents 1 Ob ! I cannot go into details, or tell you what- I have suffered-no one will ever know that but God ! Why, oh, why does He permit such evil to exist 1 There was a huge blot heie, as if the pen had fallen from-her fingers, then the missive was resumed in a different tone, as if a long interval of thought had inter vened. "Edith, 1 am calmer now, and I am going to ask a great favor of you. You are happily married, you have a- noble husband and abundant means, and you know we once pledged ourselvas to be friend eachother, if either should ever find herself in trouble. Presuming upon that pledge, I am going to ask if you will take my darling, my poor .innocent little waif, bring her up as your own, and never let her know anything about me ? She is pure ; she is not to blame for the sids of her parents, and I cannot bear the thought of her growing up to learn of her heritage of shame. Your last letter tells me that you will be in Rome in less than a fortnight. I cannot meet you-I can never again meet anyone whom I have known ; and so, Edith, I am going to die. I give my child to you -I believe you will not refuse my last request-and you will find her, with the woman who nursed me when she was born, at No. 2 Via ael Vecchia. The woman has my instruc tions-she believes that I am going awa on a little trip with my husband ; but yo will show her this letter, and prove to her that you have the authority to take the child away. When you go home, you will take her with you, as your own, and no one need ever know that she is not your own. Do not ever reveal the truth to her; let her grow up happy and care free, like other girls who are of honorable birth; and if the dead can watch over and shield the living, you and yours shall be so shielded and watched over by your lost but still loving BELLE." "She was my mother I I was that child !" came hoarsely from Edith's blood less lips as she finished reading that drieadful letter. Then the paper slipped from her nerve loss fingers, hier head dropped uncou sciously upon the table before her, and she knew nothing more until, long after ward, when she awoke from her swoon to find lher lamp gone out and the room ,rowing cold, while her heart felt as if it had been paralysed in her bosom. (To be continued). 