SOCIALITIES. SYDNEY TOPICS. THE FEDERAL FIGHT. During the week the federal fight has de I veloped itself all along the line. The leader I of the Parliamentary Opposition, Mr. Lyne, | has definitely pronounced against the kill, j both on political and financial grounds. But while in thie respect he ranges himself j against Mr. Reid, he also severs himself ; from the leading men of the protectionist ' party. He made a distinct boast of the-fact ' that he did not, like Mr. Reid, speak one t way and vote the other, but while condemn . ing the bill he meant to vote against it He ! goes with the labour members in objecting ! to equal representation in ilie Senate, and ! to the omission of the referendum, and he ! sides also with the prudent federationiets | who think that New Soutli Wales is called ! upon to make unreasonably large sacri j fices. j Mr. Want bad his big meeting in the town-hall, and had a good hearing.. There ' was a large attendance, though the hall j was not filled. A decided majority of the audience were with him, a email minority 1 openly held up their hands in favour of the j bill, and ? somewhere about a fourth de clined to vote at all. But it is impossible : to say how far the same people listened to him that listened to Mi*. Reid. There is, no ^ doubt, a great division of opinion in Syd ' ney, and the audicnces mostly favour the | speakers. Mr. Want, as was to be expected, made a clever speech, but it was not very , formidable. For the first 40 minutes he kept clear of the bill altogether, and when : he got to it he had nothing new to say. ; Mr. M'Gowen, the leader of the Parlia ! mentary labour party, followed, and took . his ground definitely in opposition to the j bill for political reasons. j Mr. Nash, of the "Daily Telegraph," keeps ? up a daily fire of hostile criticism on the j financial proposals, replying specially to Mr. Pulsford, who has aimed to show that ] sufficient revenue might be raised on a free : trade tariff. Mr. Nash points out that Mr. , Pulsford'ts suggested tariff taxes heavily tea, I sugar, rice, dried fruit, and clothing, all articles of great consumption among the i working classes. This would bring opposi tion from two separate quarters. Protec tionists would oppose it because it did no thing for local industries, while the demo 1 crats would oppose it because it taxed ne cessaries instead of luxuries. He argues, | therefore, that there would not be the ghost of a chance of its being ratified, and ' that New South Wales must face a heavy 1 protectionist tariff, though not too scientific j a one, which would destroy ' venue in the j interest of protection. A good deal, of | course, is made of Sir George Turner's etate i ment that Victoria will require a tariff yielding £7,500,000. This amount, which, howerer, is thought to be altogether too1 low, is contrasted with Mr. Rei«Ts state ment that £6,000,000 would be sufficient, and it is, of course, considered that Sir George Turner is a better authority on Vic toria's needs than the New South Wales Premier can possibly be. Special reference i is also made to Sir Philip Fysh's statement, j to which Mr. Waiit drew attention, that i New South Wales would be bound to see Tasmania through, no matter what its ne cessities might be, and ic is pointed out that it would be far better for New South Wales voluntarily to give Tasmania a present out of its surplus rather than have the whole of Australia unnecessarily taxed in order to guarantee the little colony revenue enough to get along with. These arguments are undoubtedly producing great effect upon the minds of the people, and the more so because no one comes forward to grapple j with them directly and successfully. The' pro-federationists are undoubtedly slrong when they deal with the question on broad and national grounds, when they show the need of union, the waste of power that is going on at present, the check that all in dustries receive from the provin cial limitation of our markets, the injurious antagonisms that ai'e con stantly developed, and the want of unity and strength in our land defences. The anti-federationists are strong when they appeal to the pockets of the people, and they reiterate the argument that the mis chief in the bill will not practically be cap able of remedy, because only New South Wales will be interested in improving the situation, and all the other cblonies will be interested in keeping to the terms of, the bill. If federation is defeated at the poll, it -will be mainly on the financial and not on the political ground. Mr. Lyne has put himself in an awkward position by denouncing Sir Edward Brad don's amendment, while confessing that he voted for it. His excuse is that he did not at the time understand its bearings, but as a matter of fact, although the clause was In troduced in the small'hours ol the morning the Convention was in no way taken by surprise, and every member knew what was coming. The fact is that Mr. Lyne "was caught through liis protectionist Sympa thies; he «aw at a glance that the i'asma hian amendment would make large Customs duties, a necessity, and he voted ob a pro tectionist. Now, he sees he has. xnade p mistake, and is trying to «scape, from the opprobrium, but fldt veiy successfully.' Sir Edward Braddon's amendment was ojily carried }>y.a piajority of three, and if Mrf I>yne had voted witbr the rest of his col leagues tbatmajority would have been re duced jfcp one. Practically by his public re tractation he has sow reduced it to that point, but hisrepentance comestoo late. , . .tbb-I".^r'j 'IB* militaty 4uui 'jwpTed'j ..... .- -^m\ | off to be observed. A great many of the | troops were new, and they, of course, were awkward, and many officers were not suffi ciently up in their work to .assist much in remedying the defect. The physique of the men was generally first-class, but amongst the recruits there are too inauy thin slight lads. They -trill make good soldiers in time if they are kept well at it, but they are not fit for regular work yet, and they were undoubtedly distressed by the fatigue im posed on them. The site sclectedi, Rook wood, was new, and occasionally the posi tion was found cramped, and being so near to Sydney and a railway station, the visiting : public were sometimes inconveniently in the way. Bat it is a good thing to vary the ground occasionally, so as to make the men acquainted with all possible positions on which they might hereafter have to ma noeuvre. Rookwood is just the position where an enemy by landing at Botany Bay might seek to harass the city by cutting its water supply. One thing is made abun dantly clear, and that is that an annual en i caiupment is really necessary to keep our little army on an efficient footing. Uni form and drills do not make a soldier. There is more learnt in camp in a week than on parade-ground.in a year, and if it is worth our while to spend the money we do, it is a waste not to spend the extra amount re quired for the encampment teaching. That the Major-General got the most out of them in the short time allowed was pretty evi dent from the march through the city on Saturday morning. Although the men had had a night's sleep, they had had eight days' continuous work, and they marched as though they were leg-weary. The General had evidently taken his pennyworth out of them, but they will be none the worse for that in a day. or two. FEUIT INSPECTING. Mr. Sydney Smith has now got Queens land against him as well as Tasmania for his zeal in keeping out diseased fruit. Bana nas infected with the Queeusland fly have been condemned without mercy. This is a terrible pest, and the Minister says that he will not admit any more of it. It is said that some of the condemned fruit has gone on to Victoria, though some of the worst of it was thrown overboard on the passage. The Tasmanians are beginning to be more careful, and the mussel scale is now rubbed off before the apples are sent away from Hobart- , _. - 