THE OLD TREPS SOLILOQUY. In Foxloso-street, Captain '« Flat, between the Schoelnf Arte and the I'uet it- Telegraph . OJfice, statists a solitary dead tree v> hielt Jar years, till the advent of the local newspaper, i screed as a hoarding for pnhtic notices. The interests ng fad suggested these lines. — Li .J Ghost-like, with gnunt limbs Hung hither unil thither, Jloro by the bunks of the crstwbilo.oleu.i river, -. "v , AU thnt is loft of ino, standing in sohtudo, Juist of my kiudrod ! deep in a thinking inood : List to my rovorio sighed out on tho broozo — lloverio this of mo— Inst of tho trees Who renrod their proud heads on lull und in dnlo — List to tno ! list to my sorrowful lulo, Ah, for tiio days of my supliiigliood 1— liovor Aguiri to ho known sqvaqs Moinory uses— Wlion tho sheen of my leuvos and thoir tremulous quiver W'oro a song und a picture to ravish tho Muses. Ali, for tho days of inyhavdior troohood 1 When topmost branch of my great bossy crown Welcon cR tho Gist (lush of sunriso in full flood, tfingcing with gold now tho heights, now lidown On the trues in (ho valley, of whom I, tho proudust, Was kisy'tl first by Sul in tho trash of the morning, And theroruro inpngst chanters ol malms tho loudest Ju thanks for his light, our joy uml ndoru- iug. 'Twns then my vast network of rootlets worn hum fling - ... Their lifo from tho' river, and. 'my leaves' drew their breath Prom tho or.oiia-charg'd zopbyrs who kiss'd thorn wliilo, laughing, ' '.(hoy gluncoil through my bruuehos und duueed on the heath. Those woro tho do.ys when llip' chattor- .i.ng 'kept, In nil his gay glories of crimson. apd gioon, And tho uouoy-buo too, in qiiest of the swcot Welling nectar, u-iuiding my blossoms wore eeon. Aud 'twns then tho gogohruh on me 'ligh ted und laughed To his ur.sworing gogobruh on neighbour ing trop, A» Iho kcot broko lus fust, mid llio houey- ( i heo quaffed iho swoots from my ncctnrios nmpio and froo.. At intorvuls varo Iho solitude know wo, On hilltop and vnlloy, as silent as death, Was hrckun by horse-hoof, or whip-crack, or cno-co : Thou Niitiuo, i ffrighted, breathed quickor her breath. " But whan such intrusions had come and had gone, Ann Iho roiigh of tho wind or tho plash of . the rain Alalia could ho hoard, Daino Nature's face si i np, For tho uurenlo of l'euco prownod li'or brow once again. But n direr duy came, and our poaoo and our (piiet Wore onco uicro invaded by hardior foo- IIIOll, Who delved iu our. rocks, and nuido havoc atiil riot Surpassing tho din of both stockmen, and yeomen. They eaino in a phalanx, thoy fcll'il ull tho forest For fuel for flips and for tiuibor for build- ing; Anil a tari-.- r, a panic, camo suddouly o'or us, As treo after treo fell, thoir lifo-san nn- _ yielding: Till all, envo my shirk trunk (for. my bark tbov had ringed) Had vanished in aslios, or boon furnod into Ihnbor; Andgogobnih, and 'koot, and tho lionoy- ben wingoil Thoir flight to far regions. Ah ! woll I remember Tho" glory departed, end tho halcyon of yoro, ; Anil I sigh in my ionoiicss for friends now no inoro. Hut thorn camo an alloy to my grief — a now feature, i Of sorvico a slave such as I- could perform : The invaders, (thoy hado mo proclaim to wssi crt.-ui.uro Who chnncod to pass, by my twico-dosolato form AH llio naws and tiio notes of thoir day-by- doy doing, . Of tlioir buying and soiling, cacli feto aud rncli mooting ; Aud each 0110 who passed by, his day's work pursuing, Whilo neighbour and strangor woro hailod with kind greoting. To liia follow repeated what I had to toll; Of something to bo, or to buy, or to soil. I no Ipngor envo noctar lo boos and to 'kocts. But cried out aloud tho news from my mouth— Oavo liiillolins forth as I onco gavo forth e wools, Anil; loudly prnolnimod thorn, oast, wont, north and south; And men did consult mo as Oraolo true: X was glad, that I livod with Ml objootin view. But oven this sorvico nt Inst was denied mo; ' ' : ' For there camo in his prido, his powor, his _ filmy Jam omnipotent Fress, and ho blazod up liesido mo .Liko llio llamo of n.motoor ;. and — list to my story rup runguo to mo roof, of my mouth qlave mdumbnens; V. / . Wy holo, with its wind-toss'il, tern nnnyrus shreds, Bhmeh'd, nickon'd.'niid. lol a dondlv bo- immhiicss . w fjtoloo'or 1110, as steals q'qr tho dying and ucad li ., And now mon dospiso mo, as no lqngor worth knowing, And pass by in silonco aiiil turn not uu eyo ;. For thoy wist I no lon'gqr, qm' knowlodgo bestowing— ,, Jlenrt broken, foisakon 1 Isoq.diem goby. Then copio, yq, thp valloy and upland's (lespoilers ; , f : . B'ing keon-hliided- axo. uniV etriho at tnv root; ..., : r An Ml«r nmj in tho rpidstof, tho toilers ; 'Cnipst'.tho >many-1onguodiviiica o( the A ji.-na i iiiu.iuuro T.ay the a xe tu myroot, Ireiik to splinters iiiy hole, .. . Aiuiuiith.Iijq, annsumQ; mo till in ashes I. lie :. Bet Ino (hipl of Iho.ase, instead of bell's li 11 3fr mluim.riy woik flmshod, proclaim tlint ' T 1 ' " i.iji.' niiighiiig-jackaea orgreiii kiiigli.hor: 