A WICKED STEPMOTHER, GERTRUDE WARDEN, Author of ' The Sentimental Sex,' &c.; [copyright.] ' Good heavens ! The man must be mad !' It was Miss Althea Molyneux who uttered the exclamation, sitting at breakfast with her four motherless nephews. Instantly eight eyes turned roundly upon her, and four sets of strong, short, while teeth stopped 'm the act of munching bread and, butter. A 11 ii h A 1 rKoQ 117 UO r-in A inn a Int lav* fVr\»vi f Unix father, who, six months before, had started on a journey to California, and who was now daily expected back at the Hal!, his large, old-fashioned house in a Midland county. It was, therefore, their father whom Aunt Althea suspected of insanity- their dignified, decorous, handsome father, immaculate and even forbidding by reason of the sternness of his manners and appearance ; their father, Dr. Cranleigh Molyneux, who had rarely been known to smile, and had never been known to make a joke. And Aunt Althea suggested that this house hold deity was mad 1 Eccentric to the verge of insanity Miss Althea herself undoubtedly was— a tall, hand some, flighty-mannered spinster, absorbed in schemes of visionary philanthropy, and much given to private theatricals, bazaars, ind subscription concerts. Dr. Molyueux dis approved of her ; but then he disapproved of so many things and so many people, and she was, atter all, the only person who could even pretend to look after his household and his extremely tiresome boys since the death of that eminently dull and decorous lady, the late Mrs. Crauleigh Molyneux. The boys were afraid of their father, and stood in some awe of the tutor who attended daily at the Hall from ten. until five, and instructed them in two dead and three living languages for the eutn of a hundred a year. But Aunt Althea to t hejn-w«» «? ' funny old girl,' to be chaffed fe-ph^lRfafid Jtt/ihtcked in private, and they -^j-ywjee proesedect to question her on /bey^'lject of her exclama tion, f i; I { .?- ? _ \ 'What has taeAfchief^fclan up: -o n'ow ?' inquired Harry, a sje^dy, sweet- faced boy of eleven, ringleadtf^if^AlhmiscbJef and the tutor's 'bete noire. 'N^, '* .;??'' ' He has got married agSCftH' blurted out Miss Molyneux, her temper overcoming her discretion, ' and to a Yankee girl about as old as Bert !' A hush of consternation was the prelude to a Babel of tongues. Bertram, the eldest, a lafcy, over-grown youth of thirteen, gave vent to the general feeling that it was 'a j-lly shame.' Harry opined that the Yankee would be M sorry she'd taken the placs when she met them.' Dick gravely asserted that she was ' sure to be horrid,' and Tony, the baby, a pretty child of seven, fairly broke down, sobbing out, with his head between hi9 hands upon the tablecloth, that he 'didn't want a beastly stepmother,' and that he should run away. Miss Althea did not attempt to soothe them or to soften the blow. She was very angry with her brother. Up to this time she bad represented feminine youth and beauty at the Hall for six years, and had queened it alike over tutors aud curates. Cranleigh was forty-five ; why in the world had he chosen to mirry a child under twenty, simply because his old college friend, the girl's father, had suddenly died, and left him her guardian ? ' He might have adopted her,' said :Mi6S Althea, ' but to marry her was preposterous. She'll come here ' guessing ' and 'calculating all over the place, and laying down the law, as Americans do; for her nmther was a Yankee, and she haa been brought up in California, so that there won't be anything English about her. And of course she'll hale the poor boys, as all stepmothers do.' These opinions, which she did not scruple to utter in the presence of her nephews, did but confirm them in their determination to detest their ' new mamma,' and to render her life as difficult an'd unpleasant as it lay in their power to do without provoking their father's ire. Through all their spare time they discussed plots and plans for her humiliation and dis comfort, aud practised a burlesque American accent, which they decided to invariably use when aloue with her. Their aunt having let fall in their presence a suggestion that Dr. Molynoux had married ' for money,' the boys at once decided that their stepmother would be 'a guy,' aud Harry embellished the pages of his exercise books with fancy sketches of something between a uegress and a North American Indian equaw — the nearest approach hia fancy csuld conjure up to a native of California. The day itself, the great day of the step mother's arrival, was a Saturday, tind io. consequence a half-holiday. Dr. Molyneux aud his wife being - xpected home at live o'clock, everyone in the Hall was in a great state of excitement, and at Harry's suggestion the boys resolved to lose themselves in the ground?, so that when they were called upon to welcome the interloper they might be missing. . It was a bright day in spring, and in their best clothes they stole off to Uie woods which fringed the Hall enclosure. But, alaa for their pi ins ! No one sent for them, no one called for them, and towards seven o'clock, which was their elders' dinner-hour, all four ooys, nungry, urea, ana inquisitive, a.om nearer to the house. Finally, it was resolved that Harry should enter and reconnoitre, returning with news as to the enemy's movement to his brothers, who would be waiting for him iu the shrubbery. But Harry entered the house and returned not ; and after twenty minutes of waiting UertMin volunteered to spy out his where abcuts. Iu a very short time Bertram returned to the shrubbery. ' The stepmother isn't about,' he Bttid ; ' but Harry's in the drawing-room talking and laughing with such a pretty little girl. I ex pect it's the stepmother's sister. I am nob afraid of her, anyway. I vote we all wash our hands and faces aud go in.' And presently the drawing-room door opened and tall Bertram, and gray-eyed Dick and little Tony, with shining soapy faces aud unnaturally good manners, entered to find Harry and the 'little girl' on the hearthrug, playing with Miss Althea 's Persian kitten. hho was smaller than Bertram— very little taller than Harry indeed— the prettiest, palest, daintiest creature imaginable, with a little red mouth all smiles and laughter, and curly dark hair and large soft dark eyes. Her hands and feet looked no larger than Tony'a and her voice was deep and low, had the true Southern caressing inflection, w'hich was too sweet to be called a drawl. She started up at sight of the boys aud fairly hugged Tony. ' You dear yellow-haired boy !' she cooed. You look like a grown up baby ! And this is Dick, with eyes just like his fithcr ! AnJ Bertram, taller than I I And Harry here— and all my boys, my children, instead of my two brothers that died ! Why it's almost too good to be believed !' And so she won them and made them all hers, heart and soul— this small stepmother as she stood holding their hiudo in hers alter nately, while tears of delight sparkled in her dark eyes. Not for long, though, were' they thus clouded. She was all sunshine and laughter, with tirits as high asschool-boy's and little caressing, affectionate ways like those of a liny child. She seemed incipable of fatigue or boredom. She was always ready to tell them wonderful tales of the West and anecdotes of her two adventurous brother?, or to tear about the grounds with them, joining ii their expeditions and planning new one*, ready to rise at an unearthly hour and accom pany 'her boys' on birds'-nesting expedi tions, or to Blip out at night to the ruined walla of the ' haunted abbey ' hard by, and wait patiently with Bertram and Harry for the ghosts of murdered mouks, who some how always failed to appear. But for the boys hor life would have been lonely enough.. Dr. Molyneux had been taken by her beauty and by her openly- expressed ad miration for him. He did not like the idea of being a fogey guardian, and Mamie's thousand a year was useful to him, as he was too seliish to practice, aud not well off. But, once he had married the lovely, light hearted sensitive little creature, he went back to his 'old life— to the long hours wasted in his study over rare editions, to the desultory writing of a work on chemistry, over which he had already spent ten years of his time, to solitary rides and solitary idlinsr over the newspapers. Mamie was too yountf, too ' silly,' as he ex pressed it, to be in any sense a companion to him. Althea must teach her housekeeping and chaperone her abont. But Althea was loth to relinguiBh her own position as housekeeper in her brother's house hold, and was, moreover, highly indignant ac the idea that she, a maidon lady of forty who looked ten years younger, should chaperon a married woman of eighteen. So Mamie was left to herself and the boys, whom she adored, and who returned her love whole-heartedly. Like them, she was snubbed io (he doctor's presence ; like them, she grew to dread his footstep, and to still her laughter when he approached. 'To think of Mamie being wasted on Father 1' Harry ' exclaimed 'energetically, three months after hia stepmother's coming! ' Why couldn't he have the decency to adopt her and keep her for one of us, Bert or trie, to grow up and marry ! An Egyptian mammy — that's about Father's style, Dot a brick like Mamie !' But as late summer faded into autamn, the faint flush, which constant exercise in the open air bad brought to Mamie's cheeks, faded out and left them whiter than before. Some of her gay spirits deserted her ; she grew tired and listleBa, and a frightened look now and then showed itself in her soft dark eyee. Dr. Morgan came and talked with Dr. Molyneux, and prescribed, forbidding ponyridiug aud the long country excursions Mamie and the boys so loved. 'The little lady isn't strong,' he avid, kindly. 'She over- tires herself, scampering about the place with those great strong boys of yours, Molyneux.' 'She's never happy out of their sight,' Althea complained ; ' and she encourages them to be more noisy and tiresome than ever.' *' She's young, you eee,' observed Dr. Morgan, his mouth hardening as he looked at the brother and sister, ' and she wants cheer ful companionship.' ' I shall send the boys to school,' snapped out Dr. Molyneux. And to school the boys went. Mamie watched them, weeping, from her bedroom window, and waved her little hand to them until their figures were lost to her blurred vision. All the laughter and the life departed with them from the Hall, the very air of which struck vault-like and cold upon the little Californian when she had Io6t the warm'.h of their noisy, loving companionship. All the laughter and the life departed with them from the Ha.ll, the very air of which struck vault-like and cold upon the little Californian when Bhe had lost the warmth of their noiBy, loving companionship. She began to mope and fret, and to count the days until the Christmas holidays should come and bring her playmates back agiin. She was far younger even than her years, having been petted and adored by her Lather and her t.vo harum-scarum brothers. A chill fear of her staid and dignified husband, who frowned down her laughter and sternly repressed her frivolity, and of her clJerly siater-in law, who barely noticed her, and alluded to her as 'that Billy child,' took possession of Mamie's mind. When Alllica was engaged on her charitable entertainment arrangements, and Cranleigh was locked into the library, where he dreamed and smoked over his books and papers, Mamie would creep out alone on the cold, damp, wiiUer after noons, and wander over the fallen leaves and under the leafless trees in the woods where she and 'her boys' had been so happy together in the long summer days. There she would real the scrawls which Harry, her chief friend and best corre spondent, sent her pretty regularly, written in an atrocious hand on scraps of paper, and Blipped into the decorous epistle* edited by the masters. ' My dear maninu,' these latter would begin, in a CDpper-plate handwriting : ' You will be pleased to hear that I am making considerable advancement in my studies. Greek I especially like. We have now started on the second book of ? , &c;, &c.;' Then the real, unedited boy style would crop up in the enclosure. ' My dear Mamie,— This is a beastly hole, and I don't know what we should do only for your jolly hamper?. That was good business putting a sovereign into an apple, and a good thing you told me. That softy Bert forgot and bit right into one. They grind you here something awful ; hard at it all day, hardly time to cat, and such beastly cheap grub it is too. They say old Grimthorpe contracts for the meat and buys it when it's dying, and it tastes like that, you bet. I do hope the Chitf and crazy Althea 's treating you properly ; you will never be happy, I know, till we are back again, aud we miss you something dreadful. What a pity you aren'c a boy ; you're too good- to be u girl. If you were here with us it would be larks. Ho more from your loving Harry.' Bat with the Christmas holidays a terrible disappointment came in the shape of a letter from the msteter of the Bull to the principal of the school. ' In consequence of the precarious state of Mrs. Molyntux's health, Dr. Cranluigli Molyneux deema it advisable for his sons co spend the vacation away from home, aud under Mr. (irimthorpe's care.' Mamie had nothing to do with such an arrangement, the indignant boys deolared among themselves. Aud early in the New Year Mamie herself sent for them, as she lay with hollow cheeks and lustrous eyes on the bed from whioh there was little hope that ehe would ever rise again. A tiny girl Molyneux had come to the mother, wbo was still but a child herself. But Mamie knew she would never live to see her daughter grow up, and she wanted to smooth things for her. 11 Let me show her to the boys? I kuow I am dying. Please let me 7' was her constant prayer. And at last they had to grant it, and (he boys, stepping softly and awkwardly, were brought to their stepmothers bedside, and took her small hand each in turn with hot trembling fingers. Mamie's lost prettiness came back as she smiled upon them. ' It's another Mamie, boys,' she whispered. ' And you will tnalje her happy, won'o you ? And be very good to her for my sake, won't you? Especially Harry.' The boys promised, and they kept their word. Even Dr. Molyneux has hardly dared to snub his motherless Mamie, 6uch doughty champions have her four biothers proved them selves to be, [the Eyp ] ? Truths are always trite because they are always ao Apparent jU is only * brilliant lie which dazzle* 