. SHAKESPEARE ON THE "BIKE." He Knew All AM It And Cave Good Advice. Shakespeare, It would seem, must have known something about'the bicycle (says a writer in "Invention"), for throughout his plays he makes frequent references to the wheel. It must be that Hamlet's father had visited a bicycle academy, where begin ners on the wheel were plenty, for his Ghost said:— "What a falling oft was there!" This most excellent descrlptlon/ls paralleled by another in the same play, in which refer ence is made to an accident, the new woman of the early 16th century being evidently the greatest sufferer. The first player says:— "Break all the spokes and fellies from her wheel." Then the Fool in "Lear" gives advice to coasters, of the merits of which the modern rider may judge for himself. He says: — "Let go thy hold when a groat wheel runs down hill, lest it break thy neck with fol lowing It." Even Cleopatra had her wheel. Antony ad vises her to mount It and seek Caesar, when he says: — "Of Caesar seek your honour, with your 'safety,' " There were evidently bicycle thieves In those days, and owners had to carefully guard their precious wheels. In the "Tem pest" Alonzo says to the King: — "We, too, my lord, Will guard your person, while you take your rest. And watch your 'safety.' " In that same play, Ariel undoubtedly heard the king and his attendants coming on their wheels, when she sang: — "Hark! Now I hear them; ding-dong bell." There is no doubt that Achilles, in "Troilus and Cresslda," travelled on a bicycle, for he says to his myrmidons:— "Attend me while I wheel." It is safe to assume that, n3 to-day the wheel is a never- ending source of conversa tion, so was it at the time of Titus Andro- nicus, though the listener was more patient then. Aaron says to Demetrius: — "Now talk at pleasure of your 'safety.' " It appears from a quotation made by the king In "All's Well That Ends Well" that the law required lamps to he carried at night, and that a violation of It was follow ed by death. He says:— "Let me live after my flame lacks. oil." Chains were not noiseless, and bells were used in the days of the "Comedy of Errors," as is shown by a conversation between the Dromio of Syracuse and Adriana, which runs thus: — "A chain, a chain, do you not hear It?" "What, the chain?" "No, no; the bell." The availability of wheels in dangerous ser vice is illustrated in "Corlolanus," when the winged messenger says to Comlnlus: — "Spies of the Volsces Held me in chase, that I was forced to wheel Three or four miles about; else had, sir, Half an hour since brought my report." The tire of which Shakespeare wrote was evidently filled with hair Instead of air, and even its colour was of importance. In "Much Ado About Nothing," Margaret says: — "I like the new tire within excellently, If the hair were a thought browner." Puck's prophetic remarks about placing a girdle round the world In 40 minutes Is fully equalled by that of Launce in the "Two Gen tlemen of Verona." He says:— "Then, may I set the world on wheels." Surely this prophecy has been fulfilled. 