ftnlcs aud *Uctcht5. PUBLISHED B7 SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. IN THE GRIP OF HATE, By A. W, MARCHMONT, Author of 'By Right of Sword,' ?? A Heritage of Peri!,' ?? Sir Jaffray's Wife,' ' The Mystery of Mortimore Strauge,' ' By Whose Hand?' 'The Old Mill Mystery,' ' Miser Hoadley's Secret,' &c;, &c.; copyright. Chaptee XXIF.—The Circles of Peril Overlap. The ahosk of the terrible murder— for that it was murder no one could for a moment doubt — vat stunning. Mercy was prostrated. She managed to drag herself to Lallu's room, which she reached in a swooning condition, and to tell her what had happened, and then she lapsed into » condition of hysterical and nervous prostration, from which nothing could rouse her. Colonel Boca, after recovering from the effect of Mercy's implied charge, acted with judgment and energy. He Bent Juan off at full ealloD to Pentbam for the doctor and police, and had the body of his wife carried up to her room, having assured himself that Mercy was right and that she was really dead. He was an old campaigner, had been through two rebellions in South America, and kaew enough about gun-shot wounda, and had seen death often enough not to recognise the sigas. It was a bullet wound. She had been shot from behind by a revolver or gun, aud the bullet had pierced the brain, causing instant death. It must have been absolutely painless, and that was, under the sad circum stances, the one comforting reflection ; and when the doctor came he said the same. 'There is no work for me here, Colonel,' he eaid, pointing to the dead, 'except the examination by-and-bye. Death was instant. Whoever did it fired a wonderfully- skilful shot. That may be a clue for you, Adams,' he added to the police inspector, who had driven over with him. 'And now, what of the living? How is the daughter? And there's an Indian girl here, isn't there ?' ' You had better see my step-daughter. She is all but unconscious at the blow, and quite light- headed at times,' he added. This was intended to prepare the doctor for any strange statement. 'She was the first to find her mother, and the shock has for the moment, I fear, unhinged her mind.' ' Poor girl !' said the doctor, sympatbeti cally. Mercy was indeed ill, and he stayed a long time with her seeking to allay the more violent symptoms of hysteria, aud did not leave until she was much calmer and asleep. 'I think Miss Hawthorne will be all right now. I brought over a few drugs in my trap, and have managed to make up a mixture which will soothe her. But she shouldn't be left at night. I'll drive over again to-tnorrow. This is a terrible blow for you all, I'm afraid.' ' I oan't speak of it yet, please,' answered the Colonel. 'Tell me. there is no fear for poor Mercy's reason.' ' No ; oh, no,if she's kept quiet. But she must be kept quiet for a time. It's hit her very hard — much harder than you think even ; and if anything came on the top of it the conse quences might be very serious— not per manently, you understand, but still serious. That's why I sjy— quiet for her, at any cost.' 'I'll see to it,' and the Colonel, shaking hands. 'I am much obliged to you for coming so promptly.' ' Well, Adams, what do you make of it ?' asked the doctor, pulling up his horse near the gate to speak to the inspector. 'Nay, doctor, I can't say at all. It's a caseof murder, of course ; but who can have had a hand in such a thing I can't tell. We kuow nothing about these good people, you see. They've only had the place a few months ; you simply can't tell what may be behind, or where to look for the motive. What a gloomy old lonesome place it is. Why it's only the other day we were over here to gether about the suicideof old what's-his-name. Do you mind calling at the station to tell them I shall stay here to-night? When will you do the post mortem. V ' To-morrow. I shall be over to see the daughter. It's knocked her over altogether. She was the first to find her mother.' ' Eh V and the inspector looked up with a glance of suspicion. ' Then the sooner I see her the better. I can't get any facts. No one seems to know anything.' ' You musn't speak to her till I come. You may drive her clean out of her mind. Bat you can see her to-morrow,! think, 'and with that he drove off, leaving the inspector to try and puzzle out a clue for himself. He was not by any means a sharp man, and quite unfit for the charge of such a case. He did not know how to go about the inquiry ; he questioned closely the people who could tell him nothing, tried to form a theory before he had ascertained any of the main facts, and having fastened on the fact of Mercy's illoeis, coupled with the further fact that she had. been the first to find her mother after death, he was quite ready to jump to the conclusion that he should find she had had something to do with the crime. In this frame of mind he made no effort to have the country round searched, sent for no assistance, and did nothing in the apparent conviction that the crime was either a hope less mystery or that the solution would drop before his feet as he walked about the place with pursed lips and officially frowning brow. He took the Colonel's statement, but that was no help. 'I waa oat shooting when it must have happened, I had been away past what we call the Dlttg copse, about half a mile np the Une toffee opposite direction, on the chance of a fctmjr Jwrtrfdge, bat got nothing wore than a couple of rabbits, and I was walking back when I heard the report of a gun. I thought it might be my son and took no notice of it. Wneu I entered tbe house, however, I met my step-daughter, who came rushing in to tell us what had happened. She had been walking out there it appears with her mother, and had come in to change a shawl for a hat and jacket— bo I learn — and went back to join her mother. In the interval this had happened ; and she found my wife lying dead by a big boulder which you have seen, on which we presume she was sitting when shot from behind. I saw no one about, and, except for the shot, heard nothing ; and after the deed was discovered I was too much occupied with tending my poor wife's body to take any steps whatever.' 'One question, Colonel. Do you know how long the young lady was away from her mother f ' ' Indeed I do not. But I presume only a few minute?.' The inspector looked dissatisfied, but said nothing. Juan's story was simpler still. He was in his room reading, and neard the shot fired, due ne Knew nis ratner was our snooting, ana thought he had fired at some stray rabbit or bird ; aud he paid no attention to it at all, therefore, until he heard the news that Mrs. Boca had been found dead. Then he went down to help, and afterwards rode off for the doctor and police. The servants were also interrogated, but with little more result, and the police inspector felt that he should get nothing material until he could question Mercy. The Coloacl was also looking forward to the interview between the two with considerable oncern. She believed that he had killed her mother, and he had to face the chauce that she would say as much to the police. How was he to prevent it? What the doctor had said about the condition of her nerves and brain had had a good deal of effect upon him, aud had started a (rain of thought that he pursued carefully when alone. Her conduct had been strange for some time pa9t. Sho had had delusions. Twice she had roused them iu the middle of the night through her scares. Then had come the extraordinary story promp'ed by Ab D^ir, about the natives who were in search of Lallu. Tbe motiveless journey to London had followed, with the tale about the man with whom she had had the singular interview in the train ; next the wild and hysterical condition in which she had arrived home ; and, now, this terrible business about her mother. Was she mad ? Would it be the simplest theory of the deed that the girl had probably done it while out of her wits ? He knew the grain of suspicion was in the mind of the police. Should he nurture it and make a few arrangements to tit in with it ? It would be easy enough to put a rifle where she could have thrown it, and to put some ball cartridge somewhere in her rooms ? That was one alternative. But there was another, and if it could be arranged a much safer one. That the two girls should disappear together. He had always had this in his thoughts in regard to Mercy, and the Court had been chosen with special regard to such a plan. If Mercy were once to start a suspicion against him, no one could tell what would be the rebult cr to what unpleasantness it might lead. But there was another and even more powerful reason, anil he discussed it that evening wiih Juan. They r'ined alone, and Juan was very moody and silent at first. ' This is an ugly business, Juan,' said his father, speaking for reasons of caution in Spanish. ' Yes. Who did it ?' and he looked at the Colonel, with a singular light in his eyes. 'There are two possibilities— one that Mercy is out of her mind and did it ; the other, that these Indian scoundrels she spoke of were really about the place and that it is their work.' ' There are more possibilities than those two. That devil of a woman has been about here again. She was in that cottage yesterday. The other is accident— anyone out shooting game may have loaded with ball in mistake and missed his aim at a bird, and done thU by accident. Such things have been known,' and he looked hard at the Colonel. ' This is not South America, Juan, or it might be something of the kind. 80 you think I may have had a hand in it. I suppose you think I have lost my wits, then. Do you know what this means to me ?' 'Partly. You are fieed from a woman that could never have done anything but bore you, and you have made certain of your share of old Madame Gonzolez's fortune.' 'Then if I tell you that at this moment in consequence of the death of tny wife I am absolutely a beggar, asd worse than a beggar overwhelmed with debts incurred in playing this part, I suppose you'll allow I've knocked the props away from your suspicion. My wife hud made no will, and every penny goes to Mercy.' ' The devil 1' exclaimed the eon in amaze ment ; and then remained a long time silent, asking at the end of the pause, ' What do you mean to do ? Isn't it possible to— to find a will ?' ' There are plenty of possibilities all round us ; the difficulty is to cIiocbq the be6t among them. This idiot of a girl, for instance, has formed the same conclutrion about this matter that you seem to have done, and if she biabB it out there's no telling what the consequences will be — except that they will most certainly spell ruin for you as well as me. I don't know whether you've a fancy to go back to your clerkship.' The young fellow frowned heavily. ' A pretty end to the venture that was to make our fortunes,' he sneered. ' Tbe end is not yet. But if anything is to be done, it must be at once. So far these girls are in our power, and if we are to retrieve matters by a bold stroke, it must be pow. This blockhead of a policeman thinks ' that Mercy is in some way responsible for her mother's death. He is a fool, of course, but that's his lookout. If she were to disappear now, to-night, he would be inclined to think she had bolted rather than face an inquiry into her conduct. Point one. Point two— Lallu is, as we know, the olijecfc of the attentions of these people from India, and if she were to disappear the open inference would be that she had been spirited away by them, or bad gone voluntarily. Do you begin to understand now ?' ' Yes, go on,' answered the son. ' If the house were to awake tomorrow morning, therefore, and the girls were not in their room, suspicion would fall anywhere but on us. Should we take care that they are not there ?' ' Can we ? How ? What can we do with them ? You don't mean that we should ? ' He finished the question with a look into his father's face, and the two sat staring steadily at one another for some seconds. 'I don't mean anyone any unnecessary harm. As for what would happen, that must depend on the future course of events.' ' Wait a minute, let me think ;' and pushing back his chair excitoily, he jumped up, lighted a cigarette, and smoking it with quick, impulsive puffs, walked up and down the room. » 'Do you know how I feel for Lallu ? Is that part of your plan?' he asked, almost fiercely. ' No ; I don't even know what you mean.' ' I love her, that's all ; and if you or any one else mean to try and harm a hair of her head, you'll have to reckon with me.' ' I don't covet any of the young woman's hair,' sneered the Colonel ; but he checked himself, and added seriously : ' All that this plan would do would be to put her absolutely in your power.' 'How?'a&ked; Juan, standing and facing his father. ' This spot years ago was a smugglers' run, and underneath the house the rock is honey combed withcavesand passages thatonce led to the sea, but now are blocked by the breakwater. The way to them I know, but very few other people and no one in the house. There's room to shut up, not two women, but two hundred ; and they might scream themselves black in the face without an echo of the sound reaching the surface. Perhaps you can see my drift now ?' ' How can yoa do it ?' ' Are we children, or fools, or men ? If they can be enticed out of their room, so much the better, for a cloak thrown over the head of each and a hand on the mouth for five minutes and the thing's done. If we can't get them out of the room, then we must go in to them there.' 'Do you want to play the ghost again?' cried Juan with an ugly laugh, which brought an oath to the Colonel's lips. ' As it happens, the places in the caves are ready. We have only to carry them down and lock them in, and afterwards take them food and drink, and we could keep them for weeks without a saul having a suspicion— keep them until they please to do whatever we wish.' 'But this police fellow who is here ?' The Colonel smiled grimly. ' He is just the cover we want. A word whi8ped in his ear that we think we have seen one or two people moving about ojtside, and he will be out of the house at any instant and the field will be clear. Then, to- morrow when he learns the girls are not in the bouse, he will be the first to account for it saying Mercy has bolted.' ' And those cursed Indian servants V ' If we cau only blind them for a moment, they will most certainly believe that the people who made the attack the night before last have returned and have this time been successful. The eituatiou is positively made for us.' ' It seems a very feasible scheme,' assented Juan, after he had thought it well over during a long pause. When would you do ' The sooner the belter. We must get the two servants out of the way, because the way down to theee caves is through tbe cellars, and and we must have the door open in readiness. But the thing is simplicity itself. Shall we doit?' 'There is no ' other course,' assented Juan. The Colonel went out of the room, and as a first step cleared the kitchen ; then he made the inspector comfortable in a small room called the study, aud gave him cigars and a bottle of whisky. Next he went upstairs and crept cautiously to the girte' room, and found to his satisfaction that Ab Dur was not with them, buttnhisown room close by. He waited, listening intently, some minutes, and then had just time to get«quickly and conceal himself in one of the bedrooms when the door of the girls' room was opened and they came out hand in hand. Mercy was very nervous and troubling, but Lallu, who carried a light, walked with a firm and even tread, and whispered now and again words of comfort and encouragement'. From his hiding place the Colonel watched them, and then creeping out stealthily saw them, to his it fiaite surprise, stop outside the door of the room where the corpse lay. Mercy Eeemed to falter and hesitate, but the Indian girl urged her, and unlocking the door they enteted and closed it again behind them. In an instant the Colonel had made his plan. He went downstairs to the study. 'Inspector, there is something amiss. I heard steps outside just now, and looking out I saw a couple of figures disappear quickly down the lane. Hadn't we better follow?' ' I'll go at once, Colonel,' said the man, rising. ' But you'd better not leave the house. I'll soared the grounds right round.' ' Do,' answered the Colonel, going to the side door with him. ' And if you find any one whistle a call and we'll come out. And when yon return come to this door and knock lightly, and I'll be at hand to let yoa in, I' dare not leave It unlocked wWe you're out,' ' The other agreed, and started away stealthily in the shadow of the house, while the Colonel locked the door after him. Next he hurried to Juan. ' Make what preparations are necessary at once. The girls are out of their room, and I have cleared the house. Open that door leading to the cellars ; and now get some kiud of heavy shawls and wait np here till they come out.' And he took up a position close to the door of the room which the girls had entered; 