tIfe ostSjmn Dimnes. PUBLISHEID EPEY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY. £6th Year. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 23,- 1898. The Dreyfus business smells worse the more t is stirred up, and from considerAtion of it no one certainly can draw the conclusion that "they do these better in France than with us." As a matter of- fact they could hardly do them worse. It is unwise to conclude-as 99 out of every hundred non - Frenchmen do no doubt conclude - that all the wrong in this matter is on the side of those supporting the conviction of Captain Dreyfus. That Gallicised Jew may in the final issue appear to have been wronged much less than most people imagine. To many who know most of the internal working of French affairs, his ultimate complete con demnation-by the public opinion of the world-would not be amatter of great surprise. The conspiracy may after all turn out to be on behalf of the disgraced and exiled soldier rather than against him, and when the un happy episode is at last closed the French hatred of French Jews may not appear so utterly unreasonable as to most people it now does. It is inconceivable that France should be practically solid against Dreyfus and yet us much in the wrong as her critics would make out. The latest developments of the scandal may be stated in a very few words. The most important is the condemnation by the -Due d'Orleans, head of the House of .Boerbon,-of the decision to reopen the case, • od hisaccusation of the Ministry that has come to it as accomplices in an odious plot to ruin the army. This may, of course, be a bid for the favor of the army; but it also may be the honest voicing of what is undoubtedly the opinion of the overwhelming majority of Frenchmen. The "Libre Parole" denies that Major Eaterhazy, of -whom by the way no body can be particularly proud, has, as the result of a trip to London, confessed that, in obedience to the orders of his superior officer, he forged 600 out of the 1000 documents relating to the case now in possession of the Intelligence department of the War Office. Colonel Picquart, at the head of the Dreyfus party, has informed the French Minister of Justice that four secret documents were in 1894 submitted to the court-martial that tried Captain.Dreyfus, but were withheld from the accused and his counsel. The result of an inquiry into this statement has been the arrest of Colonel Picquart and his counsel, on a charge of revealing to Dreyfus documents concerning the national defence. The international disarmament proposal.of the Czar becomes every day distinctly more a question of practical politics. The three Powers forming the Triple Alliance, Germany, Austria (with Russia the greatest military Powers of Europe), and 'Italy have acquiesced in the magnificent peace proposal, with the condition-the assertion of which must com plicate matters with France-thatthe possession of their present territories shall be secured to them. This condition may, however, not be finally insisted upon. At leastitmightit would seem, be so modified as to permit of the ami cable arrangement of the Alsace-Lorraine diffi culty. Japan, the growing Power of the Far East, has given in its adhesion to the peace movement, and Spain, Turkey and Greece have undertaken to be represented at the con ference. With Turkeyin Europe there can be no peace. That should be made plain from the outset. The awakening of China, who has certainly of late been somewhat rudely aroused by the barbarians of the west from her long and pro found slumber, continues. The Emperor, it is reported upon the very unimpeachable authority of Renter, has decided upon the in troduction of important reforms, and has in timated to his faithful subjects of Peking, -which city has been placarded, that be intends to copy the best points of Western civilization. It is to be hoped he will not confuse the best with the worst of these. His Majesty starts well with the establishment of a postal service, aid the bidding of all with grievances to directly memoualine the throne. The reform against which the great vested. interest of Celestial officialdom will most vigorously and longest kick is that which is to make obliga. tory the publication of monthly accounts of the receipts and expenditure of the Govern ment. In the meantime Britain continues to core in the Far East. Under pressure that the effete Lord Salisbury has exerted the Foreign Council has instructed the Director General of Railways to conclude the arrange ment, which he wished to break off, for a loan from the Hong Kong and Shanghai Bank, out of which to construct the lhanhaikwan-New chwang Railway. The bank has faciliated the arrangement by agreeing to accept soume oter form of security than a mortgage on the f land through which therailwayis torun. The jealousy of the nationson this Eastern question would be laughable were it not possible of leading to direful consequences. The Em peror of Germany on piety, .pleasure and per. chance policy bent, is about to visit, in much state, the Holy Land of Palestine. To the visit, to which we are gravely assured politi cal circles in Europe attach much importance, the Russian Press takes exception, declaring that it is likely to prove detrimental to Russia's influence in the East. Truly,it were better to be plain MIr. Jones or Herr Schmnidt, who can in peace do the Holy Land with a Cook's excursion, than the Providence of Ger many and of the World, the propriety of whose pilgrimage has to be discussed by captious and jealous rivals. The American-Spanish trouble progresses towards settlement, and there now appears no danger of the re-opening of the war. The National Assembly of the Philippines, which will have none of the old masters, has unani mleously rejected a proposal of a joint American-Spanish Protectorate over the islands. America,costinuing to pay the price of her eastern toy, has decidedto materially strengthen her military and naval position at Manila, where she most fears the rebel leader Aguinaldo, who controls 30,000 troops. The insurgent chief, by the way, has just had a most lucky escape from death, his too in quisitive steward tasting before serving to him a soup into which a Spanish prisoner had put poison. The servant died the death intended for the master. The States, which apparently have said good-bye for ever to the old policy of non-intervention, will soon have quite a great foreign and colonial army. Cuba is to be permanently garrisoned by 50,C30 American troops; the Philippines by 20,000; Puerto Rico by 14,000: and Honolulu, black but comely, by 4000. Close upon a hundred thousand Yankees on military service abroad ; not a bad beginning of the end. Soon Uncle Sam will not need a big pension list to eat up his surplus. The poor Spaniards are returning from the Indies -all that is left of them. A steamer that has just arrived at Cadiz with 1300 returns, re ports 126 deaths,.frosn wouuds and disease, on the short voyage. News of the triangular set-to between the British, the French and the Dervishes at Fashoda is not yet to hand. It is to be hoped that, better counsels having prevailed, Cap :tain Marchand and the Sirdar have shaken hands, compared interesting experiences and exchanged courtesies-have done everything except fight. The "Journal des Debats" may be right or wrong when it declares that the French have a better legal claim to Fashoda than the British. It is undoubtedly right when it asserts that the conflicting claims of the two nations to the place must be settled by diplomacy. Things are settling down in Crete, where the Powers having been for once firm, the Moslems are submitting to the Christians. The Sultan, who defied andsintrigued, in turn, as long as he could, at last gave way, and the Mussulmans are now relying upon the British protection promised them, willingly surrender ing their arms-most of which it appears are obsolete-to Admiral Noel. The insurgent Christians, assembled in force at Candia, have agreed to forego the vengeance for which not unnaturally they thirsted. The Christian Powers are again quarrelling in the face of the Turk, and France and Russia are accused of working against England in the island. Aun Italian suggestion is worthy of consideration. It is that the Turkish officials and troops be withdrawn from Crete, and that in return the Powers shall guarantee the Suzerainty of the Sultan and the protection of the lives and property of the Moslem inhabitants. The annual show of the Horsham and Wim mera District A. and P. Society will be held to-day. The entries are unusually numerous, considerably over 300 in excess of the number last year, and their superiority in point of quality is likely to be equally marked._The damage done to the ground by the November storm has been for the most part made good, and nothing more is deeded to make the show a success except fine weather. The exhibition of trotting by the champion stallions Osterley and Granger Junior is likely to be a feature of the day's proceedings, and should in itself attract a large attendance. Catalogues giving a full list of the entries will be available to the public for sixpence. A highly enjoyable concert, organised by Mesdames Turner and Cross, was given, in aid" of the funds of the Horsham Ladies' Benevolent Society, in the Mechanics' Hall last night. The audience was fairly large and very appreciative. An excellent pro gramme was contributed by the following : Mrs. ?'Mullin; Misses Ruby Langlands, Maie Barrett, Feery, Stout and 'Craecken, Messrs. Goss, A. Langlands, Fincham, Ren. nison and Master Bailey. Miss Ruby Lang lands and Mr. Goss received well merited encores, and Miss Feery's character dancing gave great pleasare. To-night there will be given a grand variety entertainment. The chief interest of the Horsham Winter Assizes, which opened on Tuesday and con eluded the following day, centred upon the charges of fraud preferredagainst John Walker formerly of Nhill, ex-councillor and ex-presi dent of the Lowan Shire, and a one time can. didate for the Parliamentary representation of the Lowan electorate, arrested a month or so since in West Australia, where he had obtained a Government appointment. On the first charge of embezzling, in November and December, 1895, and January, 1896, three sums, of £1 each, from the Nhill Public Cemetery Trust, of which he vas the secretary, Walker, who was defended by Mr. Field Barrett, was acquitted. The second charge, in which £300 was involved, of alleged fraud as trustee in the estate of the late Llewellyn Jones, in connection with' which 21 witnesses were to be called, was not gone into, Mr. Justice Holroyd saying that he must be at the Ararat Assizes, for which there was a full list, on Thursday, and he had been advised that the case could not possibly be got through by Wednesnay evening. His counsel protested vigorously against the expense and inconvenience the delay would mean to Walker, who was prepared to answer the charge, but without avail. At Mr. Barrett's instance the trial was fixed for the Ballarat Assizes on the 8th October. The accused was, after some demur, allowed 48 hours to renew the bail upon which he had formerly been en larged. Messrs. Young Bros. will holdtheTr anntc show sale on Saturday. In order to get through the numerous entries the sale of sheep will start punctually at 11 o'clock and the horse sale an hour later. Full particulars appear in our auction columns. Mr. Thees. Sken, President( and Mr. Pat terson, secretary RoyalAgricultural Society, will be present at the Horsham show, where they will seek to arrange for exhibits of dis. trict produce for the Greater Britain and Paris exhibitions. They may be seen at the White Hart Hotel this morning. The thirtieth annual show of the Stawell and Wimmera P. and A. Society was held on Tuesday and Wednesday, and, as usual, was eminently successful, the attendance on the second day,whenupwards of £120 was taken at the gates, was exceptionally large. The ex hibits, in almost all classes, were very numerous and of uniformly good character. The arrangements, in both their execution and design, reflected very great credit upon the committee of management, and upon the most capable secretary, Mr. H. W. C. Grieve, especially. Amongst the prize takers were Messrs. W. M'Clintock, John Williams, G. Stevens, G. H. Stevens (sheep); A. J. Pyers and R. Forsythe, (draught and blood stock.) At the Horsham Police Court on Wednes day Martin Nolan, an old offender, arrested within the sacred precincts of the Assize Court, was fined Ss for drunkenness and dis orderly conduct. Yesterday, John Donoghue, a drover, who made his first appearance for'five years-for the whole of which time he had been an abstainer-was fined in the same amount for a like offending. As old man named Towns was admitted to the Horsham District Hospital, from Natimuk on Tuesday, in an unconscious condition, in which he has since remained. The medical officer has not yet been able to diagnose the cause of his trouble. Last night the town was, by the authority of the Mayor, lit up for a couple of hours. It will be illuminated for the same tine to-night, and Mr. Bradshaw will consult with coun cillors as to the propriety of lighting the lamps next week, when the town will be full of visitors attracted by the Mallee Land Board, the sittings of which commence on Tuesday. The unhappy relations existing between Alex. Rowe, wood carter, of South Firebrace street, and Louisa Ann Parfett, the woman with whom he is living, were the subject of inquiry by Messrs. Carroll and Hocking, J.P., at the Horsham Police Court yesterday morning. It appears that on the previous afternoon the man, who had been drinking, and the woman had a quarrel, in the course of which, as she alleged, he beat her about the face with a fire shovel, the assault making several ugly cuts. The police were sent for, and on an information sworn by the woman, Rowe was arrested. Yesterday the intormant wished to withdraw the charge, admitting that she could not positively say whether Rowe had deliberately hit her in the faceor whether hehad pushed her to a fall in which she hurt herself. Moreover, she had no wish to punish the man. who was drunk at the time of the occurrence, and who when not drinking treated her well. Police-Sergeant Molyneux, who said the two quarrelled from time to time and made it up again, strongly advised that the withdrawal of the information should be allowed. The Bench, however, refused to permit this, and called upon Rowe to answer the charge. He ex pressed his regret at what had happened, and pleaded that he had not deliberately assaulted the woman, but, having submitted to one blow with a fire shovel, sought to ward off a second, and in doing so ran the shovel against her face. He admitted that he had been drinking, which fact, he said, had angered the woman, by whom sometime since his head had been cut open. The chairman having severely lectured the defendant on the cowardliness of his conduct, directed that be should be dis charged from custody uponfinding two sureties, of £10 each, to come up for sentence whdn called upon to do so. He was allowed until the afternoon when they were forthcoming, to find the sureties. At the recent preliminary examination held in connection with the College of Pharmacy, Melbourne, Holger Rasmussen, of Horsham, and Maurice Davies, of Stawell, were success ful, gaining fourth and fifth places on the class list respectively. Rasmussen, who is a son of Mr. Martin Rasmussen, was preparedP at the Workingmen's College, by Mr.Hamilton. of the Horsham College. At the Horsham Assizes on Tuesday Catherine Jolly, charged with child murder at Serviceton, was acquitted, but was convicted of concealment of birth, the jury strongly re commending her to mercy. On the following day Mr. Justice Holroyd directed that upon finding a surety to come up for sentence when called upon she should be discharged from custody. The surety was forthcoming in the man who was the cause of the girl's. trouble, and who, through her counsel, Mr. R. W. Smith, intimated to the Court his intention of marrying her, an intention His Honor on Wednesday earnestly urged him to cariy Out. Only four commissioners, Messrs. Bradshaw, Kenny, Williams, and Arnott, put in an appearance at the ordinary monthly meeting e of the Horsham Borough Water Trust on t Tuesday night, and as five were required to r form a quorum the meeting was adjourned to Tuesday evening next. Minyip is afflicted with a ghost-a lout I arrayedin a whitesheet-who is greatly terrify ing women and children. Late on Saturday night he knocked at the door of Mrs. Smith's house, and when the lady opened the door f knocked the lighted candle out of her hand I and seized her arm. The police are on the cowardly and senseless fellow's tracks. It is proposed that the children and towns people of Minyip shall again picnic in Hor sham towards the end of October. They may rely upon a hearty welcome from Horsham. Mr. James Ghlenister, carriage builder, of Pynsent-street, intimates, by advertisement, that he will hold an exhibition, and invites in-. spection of buggies, &c.;, at his factory to-day and to- morrow. Entries for the W7arracknabeal A. and P. a Society's annual show close with the secre t tary, Mr. W. Candy, to-morrow, 24th inst. e On Wednesday and Thursday, 26th and 27th f October, a bazaar, amateur rose and, horticul g tural show,will be held in the Mechanics' Hall e in aid of St. John's Church of England. It will be of interest to many of the friends y of Mr. C. W. Lynch, late manager of the a Ararat Butter Factory, to learn (says the " Ararat Chronicle") that he has been success 1 ful in securing the appointment of manager to a the factory at Horsham. During his connec tion with the local factory Mr. Lynch proved \- himself an efficient manager, and were he not , handicapped by successive bad seasons, we are sure the local factory could have been made a successful concern under his charge. Seldom has such a horrible tale of immorality I and depravity been told as that that had to be listened to by those whose painful duty it was to attend at the Horsham Assizes on Wednes day during the hearing of the charge pre rforred against Peter Cameron and Albert . Moysey, two mere youths, from Warrackna. beal. The defence largely relied upon the r impeachment of the character of the prosecu trix-who strenuously denied all the allegations . made against her-and in the endeavor to do f this, revolting admissions on the part of several mere boys, who, if they were to be be 1 lieved, had either been improperly intimate with the girl or had witnessed her impro I prieties with others, were secured. The lade appeared to be absolutely without a sense of the awfulness of what they claimed to be their immoralities, and seemed rather to glory in their self- confessed,detestable conduct. '"A de graded lot," was His Hunor's description of these precious youths, and the description was almost ludicrously insufficient. IThe prisoners; who were defended by Mr. J. Weldon Poiwer, were acquitted. A correspondent, whose experience appears to be conclusive as to its value, asks that we should point out that to burn stone sulphur is to effectually destroy the germs of diphtheria. Mr. Field Barrett, one of the founders of the association, visited the Horsham branch of the A.N.A. on Tuesday, gasve an interesting address and otherwise entertained the mem bers. Mr. 3Leagher, M.P., notorious for his con nection with the Dean case, on Wednesday afternoon met Mfr. John Norton, editor and publisherof"Truth'"-who had caustically criti cised him in his paper-opposite the Hay market theatre, Sydney, and severely beat him with a green raw.hide whip. Norton re taliatedby shooting at Meagher, but without effect, with a revolver. The affair created a great sensation. Both men were arrested. The severe storm of Saturday visited the Nhill district with especial severity. 'ather Foley was driving at Serviceton, and, his horses refusing to face the storm, in turning a corner the buggy caught the full force of the wind and was overturned. The horses were secured and no harm resulted. At Tarran ginnie the State school wias wrecked and the Bible Christian church unroofed. In our advertising columns it is announced that "The Weekly Times," which declares that it has the largest circulation of any Vic tsrian weekly newspaper, has been per manently enlarged from 40 to 48 pages. A new column entitled "Our Round Table," containing viesr and suggestions of readers, will be a attraction. The price, as here tofore, is threepence for a single copy. Tender are invited by the Wismera Shire Council for road work; by- the Railway De. prtnent for sleepers, and by Young's Irriga tion Colony for repairs to channels. LIessrs. YoungBros., in conjunction witl P. Learmonth & Co. will hold a sale of 700 head of cattle on Thursday nextat Heywood.. Mhr. J. T. Mullin, of DiSioola, advertises for woodcutters. The anniversary services of thie Jung Jung Weleyan Church will be onducted on Sun day by thl Rae. J. Stafford. On Wednesday a tea and public smeeting will be held. Several squares of glass in the windows of the Church of Christ in Urquhart-street have been broken lately by boys. We have been requested to state that the trustees intend putting the matter in the hands of the police. Entries for the Misyip show close to morrow. The show willbe held on WVed nesday next. The Murton A. and P. Society willl hold their annual show en Monday. Entries close The special ealies Land Ih,ars fsr the lanid at Jeparit sill be held, at thme Horsham Land Ofica, on Tuesday nest and following days. Parcels for the follwing ore lying at the the local railway station :-Law, Manners, Calder, May and Millar; Ball, Jenkins, Secre. tary Fruit Association. Mr. Shanasy, dentist, will visit Horsham on Tuesday next. The Bible Christian Church will hold their annual luncheon andtea to-day. An entertain ment will be given in the ovening. The Salvation Armyannual tea will be held in the barracks this afternoon. The sub-divisional sale of the well-known Condah Hills Estate will be held at Hamilton, en Thursday, October 6th, the sale, being con ducted by Messrs. Robt. Stapylton Bres and Co. The installation of Bro. Wm. Robinson as W.M. of the Wimmera Lodge, will take place at the Masonic Hall, M'Lachlan-street, at half-past seven o'clock this evening. A ban quet is to be held at the conclusion, at which a large attendance of the brethren is anticipated. At the Horsham District Hospital yesterday the medical officer, Dr. Ritchie successfully operated upon the little son of Mr. F. Ashwin, for rupture, and upon Andrew Hutchinson, a lad living with his parents in the town,for hyda tid of the liver. Dr. Heard gave chloroform in both cases. We have received a copy of the "Leader" in its permanently enlarged form of 48 pages, The Household, the Family, the Sick-room. Nursery, all receive most complete attention, with social events, topics and other matters of general interest, such as agriculture. The articles under the heading "America Revisi ted," by Mr. T. K. Dow (late principal of the Longerenong Agricultural College), are con tinued, and in this number "Irrigation in California" is under consideration. Sport, dress and fashion, and a varietyof other sub jects are dealt with. "Dairy Notes," Live Stock," and every branch of farm work have their place, and we are sure district farmers will appreciate the paper, the price of which remains at threepence. The Board of Public Health has been ad vised that a yonung woman, who was alleged to have been discharged from the Alfred Hospi tal, proceeded subsequently to Maryborongh, and on arriving there kissed trree children, all of whom subsequiently developed diphtheria -one with fatal results. For the convenience of visitors to the Land Board, Mr. H. H. Barrett, of the Royal Hotel, intimates that he has opened a suitable dining room, at a moderate tariff. Accounts are lying for payuent at the Hor sham Sub-Treasury forT. Grace, A. M'Intosh, C. Rennison and Son, A. Weight, J. Hender son, J. R. Bolton, D. Ml'Cahnan, J. Elliot. Ellen Holland, 13 years of age, daughter of a village settler near Shepparton, whilst crossing a creek on a log missed her footing r and fell in. Her frther, attracted by her screams, reached the creek just as the girl disappeared under the water. Though able to swim he did not go to the rescue,as he thought the timber in the creek would prevent the girl, who was drowned, being carried far down. Thousands of the Welsh miners recently on strike have been disfranchised for accepting parish relief. The leading stock and station agents of Victoria and South Australia have petitioned for the erection, before the summer, of cattle trucking yards at ierviceton. As" it is, stock by the ordinary trains have to remain on the station 14 hours. Two special trains loaded with prime fat cattle from South Australia passed through Horsham on Tuesday, containing altogether 246 head, consigned to Messrs. E. Trenchard P and Co., Melbourne, Messrs. Holgate and Co., Ballarat, and Mr. A. S: King, Newmarket. The Rev. Christopher Fraser, late of Nhill Presbyterian church, brother of Mr. Lachlan Fraser, formerly of Horsham, was ordained at Ballarat on Monday. Wm. Davidson, of Tambo Crossing, East o Gippsland, was yarding horses on Tuesday o evening and when going at a fair speed ran into a clothes' line. He was thrown into the air and miraculously landed again in the saddle. Three of his teeth were knocked out, rh Iis eye-tooth going through his lip, which had y to be lanced before the tooth could be re 's moved. rr The warrant issued for the arrest of Alie d Walters, a witness in the Stawell malpractice case, will not be executed, as she has a good re excuse for non-attendance at the late Criminal Sessions in Melbourne. s- Dr. Moore, Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, is r- expected to return from Europe next month. He brings with him for work in the diocese a number of priests and Christian brothers. of I ____________ 