WHAT DIVERS SEE- | I had been a buy in the British Navy raid Andrew Cameron to a writer in the "Chicago i Inter-Ocean, " but at tho age of IB (the prescribed age) I took tho poBition of torpedo j diver. My first real diving experience was off Trineomalee, Isle of Ceylon. Tho mailboat Hankow had capsiicd, and all handB on board wore drowned. The daughter of the Governor of that island liad been to England, and was guing home on this ship. 1 was at Singapore at tho time, and was sent for by Admiral Ryder, to recover the mailB and bring the bodies baca. When 1 had got up about everything, and all the luggage and bodies I could find I was informed lliat the Governor's daughter was still missing. . At last 1 found hor in a small state-room, where nho had been Bitting with her satchel in lier hand, ready to go ashore. I had no thought of finding anyone in the room.aB tho ports were shut, whereas all the rest of thu ports wcro open, Upon entering tho door, a strong circulating current was caused, and in an instant the life-like body roBe at me with a bound. Perfectly daxed, I finally came to tho Burfaoo. When they saw me the men ericd: "Scotty has Been a ghost." When I recovered a littJc bit, I said: " You had better go down yourself and find the ghoBt." Then they told me that my Jiair was white, and I went to a glosB and saw my hair, which had been very black, had instantly changed and was half white. I was tho only diver there, bo that aB soon as I was able I went down and brought up tho body. My second diving operation was off the Isle of Wight. H.M.S. Eurydice sank and 500 boys and men were drowned, only two men having escaped. Your humblo Bervant being at Portsmouth at the time, I was telegraphed to go down and get the bodies, etc. I proceeded with the work, raising them by means of a heavy case, with iron binding. The work was nt a depth of twenty fathoms, and the sight of the hatchways leading down to the main dccli jammed with the men, as they had rushed together to get up, was the vilest I have ever seen. It was necessary to separate them one by one. and pass them to my mate. The work had to be done carefully, as tliey would slip away if merely touched. We found men sitting at a table actually writing lettere to folks at home. One of my experiences aboard tho Pene lope was at Alexandria. The Counoil sent word to Admiral Hornby that there were torpedoes arranged to destroy the fleet. One Thursday afternoon the signal went up for divers to look for torpedoes, this being at the time of the bombardment of Alexandria. I went down under fire, and it appeared that I was the only man who readied the bottom. I found a Whitehead torpedo, the most dangerouB kind, with fuse attached. I did not know what minute it might go off, but without hesitation I cut the wire witli pinccrs. For this act £ was awarded a pension for life. My term of service having expired I returned to Bathgate, and went to work in a coal pit. Shortly after 1 received a tolegr&Ji; to proceed to Boness, Scotland, and go down a pit and open a trap door in a coaT-inine, where eight persons were hemmed in by a torrent of water. Before going down 1 bad to get diving gear. I could not get a good dresa, but as there were lives at stake. 1 went at a great risk. I got within thirty yardB of the victims and cut away at tho door, but 1 was in abBolute darkness, and tho rushing water drew me away. I then managed to tie myself to a post with the lire-line, and proceeded. This Uood was caused by tho water from an old mine near by finding its way to the miw one. The boy stationed at the trap-door where the tubes are raised had gone to sleep, and the miners, working up nn inclined shaft, were not warned of tho oncoming flood. As tho shaft filled tho men were cut off from the main shaft, aB tliey could not get over the hutches, the road being very narrow. After going up for a spell, I returned, to find one of tho men sitting near a glimmering light, and a boy crying. As I approached t hey both ran back, thinking I was a devil, although I tried to motion to them, 1 found a spike- nail, and going all tho way out of the water, I removed my mouthpiece. This wsb rather dangerous, as my guide might have drawn me into tho water. When 1 got It off and talked to thein, they wanted to know what day it was, as they had been three days without food. 1 then went to the top of the pit and took food to them in a tin can. I opened it with my diving-knife, and gave the men a share. There wcro hundredB of people at the pit waiting for tho good word, aud 1 think the first manly thing 1 over did was to bring thiB littlo boy on my shoulder thirty yards through the darkuess and -water and send him to liis mother, where a Dr. Kii k took him in liand. By this time the water liad abated considerably, and 1 Bucccedcd in getting all hands out. In three hours more the water would have filled the shaft where the men were located. Mygreatcst feat, which made me the world's record diver, was at Locli Craig, Invernessshire, Scotland. It was where the embankmcnthad given way, acoincidcnce similar to the recent wreck on tho New York Central Railroad. The heavy supply of rain caused the embankment to subside about six inches, and the railB being off the level, the embankment gave way and the engine left the rails and tipped into the water. It was a mineral train, and only the en- gine went over, as the coupling yielded. Drivers failed to go down, as it wsb 200 feet. 1 was called from n place called Dole Bay, where I was working for the Northern Lake Company. I proceeded at once to search for tile two bodies; being a Government certificate man I had to go. 1 fonnd I would need longer diving tackle. I had but two 60ft. lengths. When 1 had got more tubing I went down with the tliree lengths, and landed a short distance from tho engine at the bottom. I fitted up two iron railway chairs, which I used in making the descent. I sank them to tho bottom on a coil of twenty-seven rope, and I had to go up and down it like a monkey. On my first actual descont 1 landed on the funnel of the engine. 1 climbed down, and found the engineer standing with his hand clinched on the t hrottle yalva The fireman was standing with such a death-grip upon the hand-break that I fouud it dilficult to get him away. I made tliep fast to the lino I had with me, and ascended. 1 reckon I tvas down thirty minutes. The weight of the diving dreBS is no small item in the work, tho actual weight beiog 180 (rounds to carry about, including 28 pounds on each foot. When I came up I was bleeding at the noBe, ears, and mouth, aB the pressure on my body was 84 pounds to the Bqiiarc inch, in addition to the outer pressure of the water on my body. 