AFTERNOON SESSION. THE CHURCH AND AUSTRALIAN CHARACTER. The afternoon was devoted to the reading and consideration of a paper by the Bishop of Tasmania on “The Church in her Relation to the Development of Australian Char- acter. ” The attendance was even larger than in the morning, ladies being con spicuous among the audience by their num bers. His Lordship Baid:— *' The question is Bure to be asked—-Is there such a thing as Australian character ? I venture to answer that if Buch a character is not slowly and certainly forming we must deny to our race a quality which is con fessedly one of the main faotors of its great ness. Forced to abandon our island home, not by ambition or statecraft, but by sheer necessity, our race possesses the faculty (whilst it remains English at heart) of ab sorbing tbe influences of climate, posititn and history. In my opinion, then, if we are not developing an Australian character we are not making an Australian nation. But it is also true that in the case of the South African and of the Auitmlian Englishman it is naturally not easy at present to set forth that character with assurance, bidcs the time for its development has been brief. Our geographical position has isolated us at pre sent from many of the problems moat fnll of discipline for mankind. We think at once of the moat obvious point—that of war. Alone among all the brothers of the English family, the Australians have fought no battle for freedom; never, that is, has he been called upon to choose death on a battle field rather than slavery or dis honor. Contrast our history with that of America. The United States has already experienced the most terrible civil war known to history, has forJyearß fought with capable Indian hoßts, has Btill to faae a tre mendous negro problem. We have been free from all Buch trials. “ The Canadian Englishman faces all the difficulties of a land containing two nationalities, has had many wars, and marches for 2300 miles'with a great power, who, though allied by blood, may be dan gerous. The South African brother de serves, perhaps, the greatest sympathy of all our race. He numbered a few years Bgo but a small fraction of the white popu lation beside a larger number of unpro gressive European race, yet the Europeans combined are a mere drop amid the dark population computed to be 2,500,000, con sisting of some of the finest races in the world, who are, moreover, steadily increas ing. South Afrioa, too, has its great battle fields. We have no experience of any one of these weighty lesßons. We may take it, indeed, that God has given us a very special task, at leaßt in this first century of our existence, namely, to fashion the * Happy Warrior’ without the outpouring of blood or those agonies generally endured in the process by the rest of our race. Our geographical position becomes as remarkable for Ub moral consequences, as it is un’qne in its fauna and flora. When we turn to our pursuits, two stand out as distinctive. First, pastoral—No continent possesses such vast runs, and they are tended by men who lead solitary lives, thrown upon their own resources, and, as a rale, far from adequate ministrations of religion. It is a hard, stern life, and inclined to be a mate ria] one, but developing all the qualities needed for the pioneer and the soldier. In deed, it would be difficult to imagine a class of men more fitted to make the finest soldiers in tbe world. But the mental effect surely is to put thought into a minor key. Australian poetry is melanoholy in tone, produced partly by oontact with waterless plains, immense solitudes, and ghost-like trees in vast pastoral regions. Returning periodically to our cities, thirsting for crowdß and excitement, a pastoral life such as ours affeot our cities, too, and their amusements. “ But equally characteristic of Australia is the mining industry, and none more deeply impresses itself on character. No oountry in the world, I think, has within so short a time seen more furious Burges of humanity (I don’t think the phrase is too strong) sweep ing over its plains, regardless of life, bent upon the search for tbe preoious metals. The first great boon these mining rushes have brought us is the destruction of that taint which attached, whether rightly or wrongly, to the Australian in some regions when his oountry was known as England’s rubbish heap. Crowds from all parts of the world on mining bent have given us population and swamped early ‘evil ten dencies, and thus have helped character. We have reached now an effeot produced by one of our distinctive industries which it is almost impossible for Englishmen at home to realise. So far we live in the Elizabethan age rather than in that of Queen Victoria. Thousands are unoonsciously influenced by the daily expectation of some new find—it may be at their feet or in the interior. We are still exploring our land, and do not in any Benße know its wealth. Contrast this with life in the old land. Thousands here expect to become rich in a day by a lucky deal in the share market, or by picking np a swag and discovering a mine or a nugget. Comparatively few at home dream of changes bo rapidly made. What is the result with ns ? It produces a speculative spirit by natural causes. Men at home ex pect hardly anything else than a life of toil to gain a competence for old age. Avery large number here look for that competence, or a great deal more than that, not from their business, but from the speculation out- Bide their business. This spirit exists in all classes. Call it the gambling spirit if you wil'; it ie produced by our special circum stances, and ia a striking factor in the development of Australian character. It needs sympathetic though firm treat* ment. Now bring together the shep herds and etoak riders, add to them the miners, what a mass of stirring, self reliant, keenly alive humanity it is—all masculine—hard at present, and waiting for polish. But it is in no sense nnworthy of the old English stock. It possesses unmis takably that push whiob pioneers need, which our surroundings help, moreover, to foster, and, of course, our dim horizons, our unknown wealth, not only excite our people in their business actions, the spirit enters into their amusements. Shepherds rush from their lonely runs, miners from their huts in the plains or deep bush, to the cities, longing for the densest crowd, the moat exciting horse races, the biggest gamble. The man who does nob see the natural and fierce temptation must be very unsympathetic. Add to this the fact that to the Australian, of necessity, a horse is a familiar friend—often his only companion. We all note and hear something of a horse’s points. And with the horse is associated for thousands the wildest betting and the sweep. When so muah of our distinctive industry is highly speculative,' thousands cannot understand what harm there can be In betting, gambling, and sweeps. Tas manians know this only too well.. It would astonish this audienoe to know the tens of thousands of letters containing notes and oheques that arrive in Tasmania almost weekly because our Government has permitted gambling establishments, which you have forbidden, 132,000 letters 'con taining money oame to one establishment in Hobart in October this year, and I deeply regret to say that the united efforts of the leaders of all the religious bodieß have failed at present to indnoe oar colony through its legislature to banish this great evil. There is one more result nf our geographical position, although it is more indefinite in its action, our immense distance from ancient homes of civilisation, from all old buildings and memories, and the consequent difficulty of visiting such scenes possibly makes it harder for ub to respeotthe lessons of history than for any other member of our race. Now, what effect has climate on character ? With regard to our own continent I can only note at present one point.- People do not seem to have generally realised the effect of climate on home life. Inhabitants of oold countries are forced to cultivate home life whether other influences are at work or not. They are driven indoors of an evening. The Austra lian over great parts of the continent is at night driven out of doors; the result must surely be something definite, and the church has to meet evils arising from it, especially ae regards ohildren. Let us take this duty first as being the plainest, partly, no doubt, from the difficulties in the way of a home life (but only in part from this cause), one of the pressing needs of our people is a higher ideal of discipline over children. It is no exaggeration to say that parents in Aus tralasia often seem to suppose that they are bumble slaves to their children, to be disturbed and ordered about till the result becomes almost ludiarous, were it not so supremely sad. The duty of the Oburoh of Christ is perfectly clear—both from the pulpit and in the Sunday school, and in all day sohools, most of all iu the family, to insist on obedience to oommand from ohildren just because it is a oommand. We have to preach till we are believed, that the first commandment is meant to be first and not last, nor to come in the middle; that upon it are built all the others; that no one who has not learnt to obey implioitly will ever be able to teach that for young ohildren the parents in this oase stand in the place of Almighty God, and that if they from ignoranoe or a false tenderness do not exaot obedienoe and keep discipline, they are abdicating one of their moßt solemn and awful of responsibili ties. It is all obedience to a Higher Will which is in danger with us. We are not likely to call ourselves Puritans; but we have nothing but respect for that splendid ideal of obedience which the Puritans taught—absolute obedience to God, because He has spoken. They passed on to exaot absolute obedienoe from sons and daughters to parents. What we need to press ia the learning of obedience as the foundation of true life, to learn it before reasons for obedience are given—simply as a humble surrender to a higher will—to learn it from obedience to parents as in the place of God—in our earliest years—to come very soon to learn obedience to God without reasons given. It ia obvious that the urgent peti tion of churchmen to be permitted to teach their children in State schools ia 'Victoria and elsewhere that there is a God, that He has spoken, that His will is our law and must be obeyed if we are to grow into a noble people, ought to be granted with both hands, with thanks to ahurahmen and Christiana for their willingness to build up the State on the only strong foundation, A seoond duty of the church equally impera* tive is (having recognised the special tempta* tions of our people to the'speculative life, for reasons given absve), to set our faces Bteadily and on principle to inculoate a deeper view of our duty and amusements. Nowhere so much as in Australasia does the church need to raise her voice against betting and gambling, because it is injurious to lofty character. It is unworthy of us to care for winning other people’s money; it is also unworthy of us to gain excitement on making money, or' find amusement in It. We have failed to influence our own colony of Tasmania at present, but we Bhall per severe till we succeed, for this is not a pass ing question; it is a national temptation, and we must not expect to win an easy victory. Nowhere, again, so much as in Anatralasia is it bo necessary to preserve the ohnreh itself from obtaining money by nnwortby means, To do so is to put rotten bricks into h' r foundation, and the collapse will come in due time, for every Buch act ia a weakening of the high principles of onr people. To pUy upon the natural weaknesses of Australian character in order to get money for a church is more than short-sighted it is a crime againßt the Christian character, and will bring its own Nemesis. “ Surveying the whole continent as one, it may ba asked further what are our dangers in other directions. I do not believe that drunkenness is one of our special sins; the conditions and habits of our people are against if. I do believe that the special danger for our people is impurity of life. For us all, if we are to face the evil Bucosssful'y, there is nothing but the vision of Christ, and thi message of His apostle, that wa are not onr own, but bought with a great price to fulfil our destiny. “ A last point—the anoient church has one peculiar difficulty -here. Founded her self upon age, long traditions, and laws, both as regards doctrine, worship and ritual, she is more affected than newer r<- ligious bodies can be by the necessary igno - ance of old world history and tradition in a new country where the eye is not instructed by the ant'quity of Bacred buildings, nor memory aided by noble associations. Xu anew continent to bs undenomina tional is certainly the line of least re sistance. It dismisses study and the leßßons of the past as needless triffsß. . We note our special duty here} an 1 shall not be content till by persistent teaching we con tioue the old paths of the aucieot church through every township and bick block, and make them so firm and lasting that tiio faring man shall not err therein, not even the moat distant prospeotors or atockriders, fall of noble qualities as they are. are capable of becoming the backbone of our church in iti missionary, and therefore its highest aspect. I have not thoug it it necesßary to dwell upon the bright side if Australian character, although I should be misunderstood if I did not record my conviction that in company with the brothers of our race elsewhere, and, in «pita of our Bpeoial dangers, we have produced and are producing (under God) every uohla type of character—the noblest and most capable of clergy, spiritual and far-se-ing laymen, men and women burning with mis sionary zeal, *>m artyrs for the faith some nf them already—and efficient and honorable men in all the professions of life. It simply means that here, os well as elsewhere, the Grace of Gnd triumphs over every ob3tccle. It is our firm belief as churchmen and Christians that this progress will continue if our legislatures will deal fairly with our just demands, till the Australian as a Christian and a gentleman shall take no mean place among the nations,” 