ERNEST LIN'W 00D. -4Repuhlished from "'The London Jour nal.") CHAPTER XXXIII.-(Continued.) As he spoke, he lifted his right hand, exhibiting a miniature in its palm, in golden setting. One, moment it flashed on my gaze, then van.ished, but that glance was enouglh. I recognised the lovely fealtures of my mo?rhe:r, though blooming with, youth, and beaming with hope and joy. To snatch up the note and hide it in my bosom was an act as instinctive as the beating of my heart. It was my father, then, from whose scorching gaze I had been shrinking witql such unutterable dread and loathing-the being whom she. had once soy idola trously loved, whom in spite of her wrongs she continued to love-,the be ing who had destroyed "her peace, broken her heart, and laid her in a premature grave-the being whom her dying lips commanded' mein to forgive, whom her prophetic dream warned me to protect from unknown danger. My father! I had imagined him dead, so many years had elapsed since, my mother's flight. I had thought of him as a fabulous being. I dreamed not of encountering him; and, if I had, I should have .felt secure, for how could he recognise me? My father! Cold and sick, I turned away, shivering with indescribable apprehension. He had destroyed my mother--he had come to destroy me. That secret note--that note which I was to conceal, or meet so awful a penalty, seemed to *scorch the bosom that throbbed wildly .against its folds. All that I have described occurred in thle space of a few moments. Be:fore Ernest returned the stranger resumed his seat-(I cannot-oh, I cannot call him father)--and there was no ap parent cause for my unconquerable emotion. Meg, who was laughing and tailking with compantions, had observed nothing. The secret was safe on which I was told two lives depended. TXvo, I might say three, since one was the life of Ernest. I attempted to take !the glass of water, but my hand shook so I could not hold it. I dared not look in the face of E'rnesit, lest he should, read in mine all that had occurred. "What is the matter?" he asked anxiously. "Gabriella, has anything alarmed you during my absence?" "The, odour of gas stickens me?" I answered, evading the question; "if you are willing I should like to return home." "You seem strangely affected in crowds," said he, in an undertone, and bending on me a keen, searching glance. "I remember on examination day you were similarly agitated." "I do indeed seem .destined to suffer on such1 occasions," I answered, a. sharp pang darting through my heart. I read suspicion in his altered counten ance. The flower leaves were beginning to wither. "If Miss Melville is will ing. I should like to return." "What is that you ray about going home?" cried Meg, turning quickly round. "What in the world is this, Gabriella? You look as if you lad seen a ghost?" "Whatever she hbias seen, it is pro bable you have been equally, favoured, Miss Melville, since you were together." said Ernest, in the same cold under tone. The orchestra was playing a romgnlificent overture, there was :laughter and merriment around u:s, so the conversaltion in our box was not overheard. "I!" exclaimed Meg. "I Have not seen anything but one sociable-looking neighbour. I should not wonder if his eyes had blistered her face, they have been glowing on her so intensely." As she raised her voice, the stranger turned his 'head, and .again: I met them, -those strange basilisk eyes. They seemed to drink my heart's blood. It is scarcely metaphorical to say so, for every glance left a cool, deadly feeling behind. "Come, Gabriella," said Ernest; "if Miss Melville wishes it, she can remain wiith Mr. Harland. I will send, back the carriage for them." "To be sure I wish it," cried Meg. "They say the best part of the amuse ment is to come. Gabriella has a poor opinion of my nursing, so I will not cast m"y pearls away. I am glad I have not any nerves, my dear little sensitive plant. It is a terrible thing to be too attractive to venture abroad!" The latter part of the sentence was uttered in a whisper, while suppressed laughter co vulsed her frame. Ernest did not open his lips as he conducted me from the theatre to the carriage, and not a word was spoken during our homeward ride. The rattling of the pavements was a relief to the cold silence. Instead of occupy ing the sa.me seat with mre,e Ertest took the one opposite; and as we pD.sed the street lamps they flashed on, his face, and .it seemed that of a statue, so cold and impassive it looked. tWhat did be suspect? What h1ad I done to cause this deep displeasure? He knew not of the note which I had concealed, of the words which still hised in my ears. The bold gaze of the stlranger would naturally excite his anger against him, but why should it estran.ge him from me? I had yet to learn, the wiles and wickedness of his enemy. When I took his hand, as he assisted me from the carriage, I started. for it was as chill as ice. and the fingers, usually sop plia?rt an.d gEaitle in tiheir fold, were inlexibt as marble. I thought I should have fal!lem to the pavement: but. exerting all the re:o lutioen of wh:cb I was mistress. I entered the house, and nassed 'nc!dr the dim glitter of the silvery dropery into my own apartment. I had barely strength to, reach the sofa, oen which I sank in a. state of exhfiu.stioan. I feared I was going to faint', and then they would loose my dress and discover, the fatal note. "Wine!" said I to the chambermtad, who was folding my pversa cloak, which I had dropped on the floor; ",give me wine. I am faint." I remembered the red wine which Dr. Harlowe gave me, after my. mid night run through the dark woods, and aow it infused new life into my sink ing frame. Slince then I had been afraid toi drink it, for the docior. laughingly assured me that it hhd in toxicated, while it sustained. Now, I wanted strength and courage, and it came to me a.fter swallowing the glowing draught. I lifted my lead, and meo the cold glanoe of Ernest without shivering. I dared to spDfa:r and ask hIm the cause of his anger. "The cause!" repeated hIe, his eyes kindling-witth passion. ''Who: was the bold libertine before whose unlicensed gaze you blushed and trembled, not with indinl:?ation, .such as a pure and innooent woman ought to feel, but with the bashful confusion the veteran roue delights tor behold? Who was this man whose presence caused you such overpowering emotion., and who ex changed with you glances of such mysterious meaning. Tell me, for I will know." Oh that I had dared to answer, "He is my father. Covered with shame and humiliation, I acknowledged my parentage, which makes me so un worthy to bear your unsullied name. My darkened spirit would hide itself bchind a cloud to escape the villain whom nature disowns and reason abhors." Eut unknowing the contents of the mystenious note, unknow.ing the consequences to himself which might result from its disclosure, remember ing the injunction-of my dying mother to be to him, a guardian angel in the hour of danger, I could not save myself from blame by revealing ,the truth. I could not statbn my lips with a false hood. "I never saw that man before," I replied. "Most husbands would think modest confusion more becoming in a wife, than the indignation which he usually deems it his own prerogative to exhibit. If I had been insulted, methinlks you should wreak your vengeance on the offender instead of me, the innocent sufferer. It would be more manly." "Wo?ld you have had me make the theatre a scene of strife and blood shed?" he exclaimed. "No; neither would I have you bring warring passions into the peaceful bosom of your own home." "Is thi's you?" he cried, looking at me sternly and sorrowfully in the face. "Is this the gentle, and tender Gab riella. who speaks in a. tone of bitter ness and scorn:?" "I did not know that I spoke bitterly!" I exclaimed. "Olh, Ernest, you have roused in, me a spirit of resistance I tremble to feel! You madden me by your reproaches! You wrong m.e by your nsupiclfo0s! I meant to be gentle and forbearling; but the worm will writhe under the foot that grinds it into dust. Alas! how little we know ourselves!" With anguish that cannot be described I clasped my hands tightly over my heart, that ached with in tolerable pangs. I had lost him--lost his love-lost his confidence. Had I seen him in his grave, I could scarcely have felt more utter desolation. "I told you what I was," he cried, the pale severity of his countenance chanoing to the most stormy agitation. "I told you that the cloud which hung over my cradle would follow me to the grave; t.hat suspicion and jealousy were the twin-born pha.ultoms of my soul. Why, then, rash and blind, have you committed your happiness into my keeping? You were warned, and yet you hastened to your doom." "Because I believed that you loved me; because I loved and trusted with a. love and faith more deep and strong than woman ever knew.' "And I have destroyed them. I knew it would be so. I knew that I would prove .a worthless guardian to a charge too deatr. Gabriella. I am a wretch, deserving your hbtred and indignation. I have idisulted your innocence by suspicions I should blush to admit. Love, too strong for reason, converts cue at times into a madman. I do not ask you to forgive me; but if you could conceive of the agonies I ,endure, you would pity me, were I your direst foe." Remorse, sorrow, tendenees, and love, all swept over his countenance, and gave pathos to his voice. I rose and sprang to his arms, that opened to receive me, and I clung to his neck, and wept upon his bosom, till it seemed that my life would dissolve itself in tears. Ohl! it seemed that I had ,leaped over a yawning abyss to reach him. that I had found him just as I was losing him for ever. I was once more in the banqueting house of joy, and "his banner over me was love." "Never again, my husband, never close your heart against me. I have no other home, no other refuge, no other world, than your arms." "You have forgiven me too much, my Gabriella.. You should impose on me some penalty eqital to the offence, if such indeed there be. Oh, most willingly would I cut off the hand so tenderly clasped in yours and cast it into the flames, if by so doing I could destroy the fiend who temps me to suspect fidelity worthy of eternal trust. You think I give myself up without a struggle to the demon passion in whose grasp you have seen me writh ing: hut you know not. dream not, how I wrestle with it in secret, and what pram'ers I send to Heaven for deliver ance. It seems impossible now that I should doubt, ever wrong you again, and yet I dare not promise. Oh! I dare not promise; for when the whirl wind of passion rises, I know not what I do." (To be Continued.) The custom of wearing earrings has come down from the earliest time. Amncng the Athenians it was a sign of. nobility to have the ears pierced. Austria is the only empire in the wvcrlld which has never Trad any colo ni.cs, or even transmarine possessions, in any quarter oif the earth. Her am bition has hitherto been purely con tinental. I'.rrohe.--l'Two agents are in Latrobe for the "Examiner," Mr. R. II. Crocker and Mr. Robert Harris. 