ISLAND NEWS. A SOUTH SEA MASSACRE. -' NATIVES CAPTURE A VESSEL. CAPTAIN AND SEAMEN KILLED. Tho Sea Gliost was tho name at a 16-toa cutter which was recently chartered for the Island trade. She was in cltargo of Captain Kolsborn, ind tho other members of her crow consisted of ialf a dozen natives recruited in the Bismarck Archipelago. A month or so ago the cutter set out from New Britain on a trading crulso. Mr. Tlndal, of Sbortland Island, was the charterer, nnd-he had fitted the vessel out with tbe goods for bartering with the natives. The cutter sailed under the Gorman . tricolor, and Captain Kolsborn, who hailed from tho Fatherland, had previously been chief officer in tho schooner Welcome. That vessel being lost, ho joined tho cutter. The Sea Ghost, on leaving her headquarters, made for the Gorman Solomon iBlands. These islands lie just ott the British Salomons, and were annexed by Germany a few years ago. The natives are described as a line race, and of good physique, but traders visiting the group are warned to bo on their guard ngainst possible . attack, as tliey are noted for being both cunning and treacherous. Whilst showing a friendly disposition to visitors, they liavo been known to attack traders' vessels with sudden and re- markablo daring, and there is a long record of borrlblo atrocities against them. It was at one of theso islands, called Blikn, that tho Sea Ghost mado her first call, and she had hardly reached anchorage before there was «n attack on tho crew by the shore natives. The attack was so sudden that the crew could Mfer no resistonco, and all but two, who es- ' caped, foil an easy prey to the hatchets and kpears of tho savagos. The particulars of tho horrible atrocity were brought to Sydney on Saturday by the Island steamer Moresby. The steamer called at New Britain just after the report of tho affair was received by tho German officials, and tho news caused quite a sensation. It appears that the Sea Ghost was coming to an anchor for trading, and Captain Kolsborn was in the rigging on .. the lookout for reefs. The natives, as usual, put oft from the shore in canoes, but in his anxiety to keep tho vessel clear of the dangerous : reefs the captain had not noticed that they were swarming on board tho cutter. They ap- . peared friendly, however, and wanted to trade ' with copra, tvbich is tho staple product of the group. Captain Kolsborn was descending from the rigging, when the attack was made. It was a complete surprise for him, and, being un armed, he had no passible chance of defending himself. He fell mortally wounded on deck, tho body, so the story goes, being horribly but- Minimi ItViftr nf tTin nntfvnn Tnnrfn a rlnnnt-ntn light, but the odds wcro considerably against them, and tbey were soon overcome. The other two natives wore taken prisoners, but they by somo means or other managed to escape. Meanwhile, the vessel had been run ashore, mil, having boen looted of everything of value, the was subsequently destroyed. The captain's body had been thrown overboard, and the re mains of tho four natives (crow) were taken to the village for a cannibalistic feast. A- report of the massacre has been sent to the captain of tho German warship Falke, now in port, and steps will be taken in due course to lend a punitive expedition to the island. Buka. the scene of tbe massacre, lies off the north-east end of Bougainville. 