[?] . A BAG OF COLD. BY J. MACLAREN COBBAN. COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER II. John Stubbs felt somewhat easier in mind when he left his noisy fellow farmers 111 the train at Scrooby, and set off homeward down the dark road. He was easier, too, that all connection between him nnd everything In the town of Fulford seemed now cut. He felt as If It were a long, long while ago that he had watched the miser iu the theatre aud followed him down the lnue. There were but two things that sharply troubled him as he tramped along the dark road— What should he say to his wife? And what was to become of his dog? The loss of his collie he felt like the desertion of a Stanch friend at a critical moment; and he felt it, all the more, that he fancied the de sertion must have happened at the same lime; as that— that business in the lane. The beast, however, ,was very intelligent, and ..would .find Uls way borne. Now and then tis be tramped oil lie-thought he- heard the pad of soft feet .behind him; but he dared not look; round; It might be his dog, or, .on Llie contrary, It might be — nothing! Were, -tiiere kuch things In the world as ghosts- haunting; ghosts--ghosts of men steadily pursuing those who had hurt them? "Bob! Boh! Bob!" hie ventured to call, In "n low voice. But no dog came forward, and still he heard the soft pad, and a chilling "shudder crept over him. He walked faster, and presently lib rari'-riin like ii seared child and never stopped till he reached his own giite. All was silent. No hark saluted hlui, and : again .he' Yelt - with a strange pang the absence of his dog. ' , . . . "Arilght was hiiruliig iuithe kuchen of the farm house; tlie -maid of all work had gone to bed; His wife had been in bed all day. Everything at home was us lie bad left It — . but on. liiui wliatia change liad come. . When be.tbougUt.of.his sick wife a gush of;- tenderness r.cauio . over blm. Whatever might. happen, ;hc . had; no pity for himself; but he had the softest pity for her. He 'could not terrify and burden her with his secret. ; 'He would be cheerful, and he would incrcly -say: that he had managed to arrange for some money. wHe -would: uot cvcu say ;be.had got It.cHotook the light froui the kitchen table.and. wont into the! dark parlor. There as an old oak secretaire there. Into ri drawer: of -that lie crammed the bag of gold; ihe'could nuti;hoar to open the hug or jfiiigeriits coiltentsyet. r: Then he went- up to his wife. ' . : TThere you are, John,'! said she, I11 a weak voice, as. he, crossed; the floor to kiss her. ;!I-I6iue.nt last! I 'thought I heard you couie ;ln." ' ' .- - "Yes, . Jenny lass, here I am,." said John, stooping over her. w - '-'And are you glad;- John,- to be home again with your poor little wife?" w "Glad?,: Yea; lass," said John. . ' "More glad lhan I' ciiri toll.", -.V ' . "I've been so -lonely all day;'; John." -I've, been thinking over rind over, everything. that, might; be. happening to; you, nnd crorytlilng you might, be. shying. or doing. - It has been, a hard day; hasn't It John?" y, : . "Hard, yes,'', said Joint, . almost forgetting himself and brcHltlng-down under her tender solicitude.. "-But," 1 he -adiled, striving after .cheerfulness, '.'after all's! said inid done, It's boon none so load." "Auy. news, John?", she asked, brightening .with hope. y .. . _ -"' "Suininht,". said he. ' "I think— I've made a kind o'. nn'arrmigemeut— 11 settlement, you understand— I think the. bill of sale will be' made up— kind : of held over—and I think, lass, that we may manage the ront.j "Ob, John," she cried In Immense relief. "Really rind truly? I begin to feel better al ready! But . bow, have yon managed. It, John?. Has somebody lent !you the money ?'.' "Well, lass,", said Jobir reluctantly, and nt a loss, "I cannot exactly : tell. you. ' . It's n kind o'- — a kind o' a. secret," .you see." ' "Oh, John," she cried, "iiBocrct? — a secret from me? We hain't never had a Beerot from one another since we was courtln', John, and arc- wo- to begin now?" John looked at her plteously, and plucked with his fingers at the fluff of the bhmket; I10 was strongly tempted to tell her nil, nnd have done with It, but lie thought how ill It might make her, wenk as she was, and he held his tongue. "Eh, John," she said, considering liiui, "but you do look 111. Wlintever's the mut ter? Where did you have your dinner?" "At the Red Lion," said he. "And what did you have for dinner?" "Bread and cheese." "Bread and cheese, Indeed 1" said she, with contempt. "For a big strong feller like you! That'll what It is. You're famished, you are; fair famished. Now down you go nnd eat your supper. Liz has left It I' th' oven for you. Away you go." John went down, mid made nil attempt to eat his supper, but after n mouthful or two he gave It up; Ills mouth was dry and baked, and not even palatable food could provoke Its moisture. He drew himself 11 glass of ale, and lie tried a pipe to spin the time out. But he found neither satisfaction nor com fort In anything; nnd yet he shrank from re turning to his wife, who was sure to ply him with questions to get nt his secret. It was surely much better, wasn't It, he said to him self, that he Bhould keep It from her. Ills pipe went out. He would not relight It, but he thought he would just look forth Into the night to see if by any chance. Bob" bad come back yet. Bob bad not come back. He could make 110 more pretence of occupation; aud so he made up Ills mind to go upstairs to bed. But first he made a resolute advance Into the parlor, lamp Iu hnnd, to be sure that the secretaire still stood In Its place, and that a certain drawer was locked. Being assured of these things, he turned away In hnste and rejoined his wife. To hljf relief she did not worry him for 11 revelation of Ills secret, hut maintained n si lent nnd thoughtful attention, so that at length her forbenrance, Instead of being a relief, was like to become a burden. He knew— and she prohnbly knew too — that her silent wailing was certain t0 (h'aw his secret from him ere long. But he had a respite. "You're dead beat and tired, my poor John," she said, at length. "Come to your I bed and sleep." John went to bed nud slept, but with such | wild starts and tremblings thnt his wife was troubled to think what was wrong with Ulm. He rose betimes, as usual, to go about the business of bis farm — business that would not wait, such ns the feeding of horses and the milking of cows — but he showed a face as worn and as unrcfrosliod, almost, 11s that of the ulglit before. Aud thus his day went on, with some cheerful attempts nt intervals to think that he would get over It III n day or two, thnt perhaps the man, the old miser, was not dead, and thnt In any case he had the bag of gold wherewith to pay his debts nnd to start anew with activity and resolu tion. His wife was still Ignorant both of Ills trouble and his gold. He had got off wllb the promise that she would know nil In a day or two. In the meantime there was great excite ment in the market town of Fulford. A whole sensation and mystery of Hs own Ful ford had not hail, for 11111113- a year, and it made the most of llie latest. Fulford was too quiet a place to have a dally paper, even In these days; It had only two weeklies, nnd the reporters" of both these were busy iu cooking up the mysterious circumstances of the death of poor Jcrr3' Owen, who hnd plni'- cd the part of the old miser In Les Cloches de Corucvlllo for ever so many hundred times — played it so often that he hnd got into the hnbit of carrying home nightly the hag of ."Hanoverian sovereigns" which was : his great necessary "property." It was thgt,- apparcnlly, that had led to his'uudolngt'For/ when he wns found dead in the lnnef-lpail- from- a terrific blow on the temple, ythe orily filing' missing from; his person, rsfrflnge. tp; Tell, was- that sameibag-of "HnnotcVhiii sop. ve'reigns;". ' . 'There was another strange clrcuinstaitco- about the. murder which was worked "for rill, It was worth — this, unmely, that an un known dog, a sliccp dog, or collie, wns found watching ilie bocl3', nnd that It flew savagely at the policeman who, oh his rounds, had come upon ho.th, The dog was now at the police station," nnd. .his identification might perchance— there was no saying— give some clue to the discovery of the murderer. These things, of course, were not yet published; hut they were freely known and canvassed among those who moved actively about the town. . , Of all that seething, boiling and ferment Ing gossip John Stubbs, being 10 miles away on his owu lonely farm, was blissfully Igno rant'. He still wondered what was become, of bis dog; he still cherished, while he ab horred, the thought of the bag of gold; and ho still hoped nnd prayed that, when all this difficult!" was past, he might bo nble to farm comfortably, nud keep his head above the waters of debt and bnnkruptcj', even If ho did not make much of a profit. On the morning of the second day, which was the last of the three das's of grace after the falling In of ills hill of sale, he debated with himself whether he should take the mone.y, and go into the town to the solicitor who held his bond nnd pay it off, or whether liishould wait for the appearance of some one to make the. demand. He decided to wait. .. ." .. \ About" 3 o'clock In the. nfternoon, Liz, the luajd of all work,. came to hlm'hi the barn. "Mr. Stubbs," said she, "here's two gen-! tlomen to sec you— leastways, n gentleman and a man." John Stubbs knew then that the solicitor, had come, or sent, to chani the rights of the bill of sale. He screwed up his confi dence, and went In. . Not the lawyer, hut the lawycris son, :wlio was a plcasauter person than his father, waited for him In tlie parlor, nnd with- lilin was; another—the lilnd of humble and furtive "retainer who was easily to bo recognised ns "a man In posBcSslori." "Well; "Mr. Stubbs," said the 3-ouug lawyer, "I suppose you know the busluess I've. come' upon?" , y .. "Oil, yes, " said John, "I can guess." "The bill of sale, .-you- know," ' continued the Young mail, "must bo jnct tb-dny, or I take formal possession. Are 3ou prepared to pay It,-. Mr. Stubbs? I suppose you are not." .. ; "Don't suppose too fnst," said. Jolini' going to the secretaire, nnu fingering In his pocket for. the key of a certain' drawer. Ho yet felt a singular reluctance to open! the drawer nnd produce the bag of gold. But lie must do It; and he did It. He drew the horrid bag out, and flung It on the table. "There!" said he. "There's enough moil 03" lu that to pay your 'Billy Sale' two or three limes over!" The young lawyer and his inan looked oil In some surprise. John, with uncertain nnd trembling fingers, undid the bag, thrust In his hnnd, and drew out a handful of gold and begun to count the Individual coins! one, two,., throe, nud so on, under the 03-03 of the young lawyer. They looked goad gold, but— but there was a something Iu the sound of them that made the 3'ouiig man HUS- I. clous-something „ls„ that aeemod queer in the whole situation. The 3-oung man h .ml0' .nT 1"?' ?"d U" H0 Shook his and looked at It; and then he looked him 1 1)9' wll waB watching "This won't do, Mr. Stubbs," said the young man. L "What won't do?" asked John, with n blnnehed face. yoi7get U?y' 11 lSn't m0noy" Whcie dId "Where did I get It? I reckon they're as good golden sovereigns as ever was coined." , "Look nt them," said the young man; "at any one of them. You should know good coin ns well ns I do.' fcuou John reluctantly picked a coin up nnd looked nt It. Certainly It wns not marked like a sovereign. Ho rang It on the tnlile- nor did it sound like true gold. Horror anil despair seized him, nnd showed In his set pale face. He said no word, but looked fixedly at the young man. looked "I'm very sorry for you, Mr. Stubbs," snhl ad-s bml wws? "WfU,ly Brry! n»l »»9 looks than you think, maybe' These things are only counters; they're called Hanoverian sovereigns. f sunnose you haven't heard that the night before last an actor, Jorrj- Owen, was murdered I11 1 lnne by the tliontrc In Fulford, nud thnt the only thing missing from 1,1m was n bag of Ilnuoverlnn sovereigns-! he sham lnonev that he used In playing the miser at the theiitre!" "Sham money!" exclaimed John Stubbs below Ids brentb. "Besides," continued the young lawyer "a dog was found watching bv the dead man. The dog Is now nt the police station- I've seen It. I believe I know It." "My God!"- moaned John Stubbs. "Oil my poor Jenny I" ' He looked about him wildly. He stepped fcnek suddenly, nnd took n gun from a corner. Before it wns possible to guess wbut be i would be at, or to interfere, he bad turned the muzzle to his breast nnd pulled the trig- 1 gcr. He fell, and the two men ran to lilni. ; The report of the gun hnd nlnnucd the house, and presently John StubbVs wife flut tered In, just risen from her bed with a shawl about her. She flew to her husband, and unelt b.v him. "Jenny, lass," said he, fixing his glazing eyes on lier, Tm sorry, but I've messed it all up." And so lie died. The poor woman was frantic with grief, nnd 1 ho young lawyer and his mnn stood back and permitted the maid from the kit chen and the mnn from the hnrn to press In and forward. The young lawyer quietly put the few exposed "Hanoverian sovereigns", back in the bag nnd stuffed the bag into his pocket; then he drew his man to the door. "You see he's dead," ho snid, "so there's no need for you or me to snj a word about tills bag. I'm going out to tlirow It into the pond. I'll be back in a moment." "When lie came back lie talked a little while with the poor, distracted wife, and tried to comfort her. He gathered thnt she knew nothing of the bng of shaiii gold, nnd so he felt safe In whnt he hnd done. And thus It cnine to pass thnt, while the neighborhood was Inexpressibly shocked by John Stubbs's suicide, and was exceedingly kind and helpful to his widow, IJ wns never known who. killed. Jerry Owen, the miser of "Les Cloches de Corneviile." The End. 