Ritualism in the Church of England. DEMONSTRATION IN SYDNEY, A huge demonstration was held In the Sydney Town Hall on Monday night to p otesb against the all'ged spread of ritualism in the Church of Eugland. The texc of a petiton for presentation to the Queen was adopted. It draws attention to tne action ot the- Archbishops 01 Canterbury and York in officially addressing a brotherly letter to the heads of the ' corrupt Latin and Greek Churches,' and'prays the Queen to take steps to prevent any oveitures towards union being made with any unscriptural Church in the name of the Established Church without the consent of Her rVJ J1P.Q f VT A 1*xjan I i] t 1 rin IIP on aIpia on mm. a J Acguiuiivu 7T do ctiois LalflCU expressing regret that the Protestant principles of the reformed Church of England were being set aside in the churches in the Australian dioceses, and cajling upon those in authority to main, tain the doctrine and discipline of the said Church. Writing in connection with the . same subject to the London Daily Chronicle, the Rev. A. H. S-antnn M A nf Kt Alban's, Holborn, London says :— -You speak of our not obeying the directions of the'Book of Common Prayer at St, Alban's, Holborn. 1^ exclaim in my best Latin, 4 Quantam maxillam ' — what cheek I We obey the Prayer Baok seventy per cent more than all the archbishops, bishops, deans, canons, prebendaries, &c.; 1. On a hundred days in every year for the last thirty-six years we have dined off fish and rice pudding. Do we like this kind of food? No; we have done it out of obedience to lhe Book of Common Prayer, 2\. We have daily, all these yeats, said morning and overling nra-voi. in i h. ntn.-k Has it always been convenient to do this ? No ; but we have done it out of obedience 'to the book of Common Prayer. 3. We have given up Friday and Saturday afternoons to hearing confessions, wheD we have longed— longed, oh I so much to be far away anywhere. But we have done it out of obedience to the Book of Com mon Prayer, because when we were made priests by the ordering in that book, the. bishop said, ' Receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest. Whose sins thou dost forgive, they are forgiven and who sins thou dost rttiin they are retained.' And we believed him— fools as it seems we were ! Yes, but you leave out many things in the Prayer Book services. So do they all, and I don't blame them. For how, for instance, could we, when we repeat the communion service six times on E»ster Day, tell our sinners and devout communicants six times over not to murder steal, and commit adultry ? How could we say, 4 On Sunday next, I propose to ad minister Holy Communion,' when we do it twice every day ? We should make fools of ourselves and our congregation and foolish ness of the Prayer Book. But you add to the services in the Prayer Book. So do they all, and I don't blame them. We all try and make our services as'attractive and suitable to the variuU3 phases of religious feeling characteristic of religious thought in England to-day, and we are the best Prayer Book expositors, and her most faithful sons too, and after all these years 'tis rather too bad to dub us ' traitors.' What I should like to see is more liberty to make our services more liturgically correct on one side and more like chapel services on the other. Do you waut us to wear the straight waiscoat made over three hundred years ago, which has never fitted, and is now quite out of date ? If we are established, we're not all gone daft. 