A Daring Scheme. (Br " Wanderer," in Ihe Adelaide Obttrvtr.) ' 80 you tali m* you knew Herbert Vivian' aaid Mr. Sharp*, leaning forwftrf to knock the ashes onl of hi* Jiipa. and putting another log on tha Mm ' Yea,' I replied, • 1 knew him ray wall tour or lira year* ago; bat of law we liaa <lriftad apart aom* what, {taring the paat year ba aaamad to have altered a great deal. i'erhapa H «ai tha aoheme Whloh joo ao oiavarly sipped in the bad that dar ing lie period of Inception ohanged him ao rsdloelly. Ha waa oertslnly •no of tha loot man 1a the world whom I wonld bava aoepootod of harbouring aoeb design*.' • Everyone who know fain waa taken by anrpriae,' anewarod Mr Sharps. •It la indeed a melancholy apeetaole to Ma a man Ilka htm, wealthy, and of hitherto nnblemtehed integrity, bronghteo low by pare greed—for bo bee acknowledged to ao that lore bad nothing to do with bit abduction of Miae Q , No, it waa aimpiy tbo lttai for mora, mora of tbatdroaa, •' whloh ho had already a greater quantity than ha eonld apend in any raaeonabla way.1 Tha anbjaot of onr cokrereetion, Herbert Vivian, waa a gentleman whom Sharp had errerted oome three weak# prerlonaly on a oherge of ah duoting tha great beireaa, MiaeOawaee. Tha arreet Oanatd a great aenaation among that aeclion of aoolety whloh lfr. Vivian had adorned for ao many yearn. It waa impoetibU aeld hia friend*, that ba oonld bo guilty of •noh a orlmo) and really, aran I, graat a* waa my opinion of Sharp*'* eeatanaas, thought that for oooe he bad mad* a aerion* blander. My friend, however, although daollning to go into th* detail* of the matter wbiloitwa* ellllenb judiot, main tained that ha had made no mlatah*. • Wait until th* trial is over,' aald ba, smiling mysteriously, • and yon will aaa all about it. Yon wonld b* •ttf* that 1 would not uat hastily in o case ilk* tbia, for, if I am wrong, it meant that there will be a vaoanoy for a datrotlva In this force, Vivian's I friend* are quit* powerful enough to' break ma U ho la acquitted.' Tha reunlt of tha trial, whioh had taken plaoa ooly that day, antlreiy vindicated Sharps'* opinion of fail*. Mlf. Vivian waa found guilty, on bia own, pfpfanion, and aontenoad to tw"^years' imprisonment; while Sharp* reoetvad a well-earned com pllment from the Bench on hi* akil fnl Working up of tha eaae. Ba had dined with ma, aoeording to promise, after tha Court adjourned; and now attar aatiafyiog tha want* of the* j inner man, waa ready to onfold tha true * inwardness' of hia lataat oan-i tors, • This in iho oaae of Vivian's,' pro eaodad he,' is a striking eonfirafc tlon of whit I hava oftan (old you— aatsaly, that a flretolaea memory, aod aninatlootlr* oapaolty for noting th* veriest triflaa and storing them •way for fstur* rsfsrenos, ars india. pauasbla Itsma of a auoesMful detoo tiva'a mcntolootfit. ffedlootpoa totted, the latter, at least,,Miss G would no doubt have still bten miat. log, and would have vaaalnad ao till Vivian had oompslled her to aeeodo to histonns. But I will atari at tha beginning, and explain myself. 'One day, about a week before Hi* G——'a disappearance, I was walking down M-—street, in whioh, •a yon know, Viviati'a home ■fasted. Joataslgot opposite the door it opened* end a man came bat trim ran lightly down the otepe almost into ay arm. I recognised him at •W» as Bill Brown, • tailor by trade, whe at one tiese bore the repntatwn. of being tbs emartest cracksman in Che ookmiM. For some yean, bow «*m,he has ostensibly giron up hia orQways, aad exchanged the jemmy tti «eotr*J>it for abeam and need he. So closely did be stick to work that fat eoonbuiltnpa fairbusiness,] •ad oath* tew occasions on whioh I dropped into hia shopfor a ehat geetaoaai himaall so thankful Oaths '""■r ,0 tws *he would lux lold me *11 about hio> 8be did ao in the osae of a gentleman erbo iru paying hi* addresses* to her lome time ago, and I am certain ahe would have been eqoally frank with me bad another come on the acene. My rule in my own family ha* alwaya been one of lore, Mr. Sharps, and both my children have erer looked on me not aa a etern matter, but ratber a* a dear friend, to whom they could carry all tbelr trotablea with the certainty of finding a aympathetie liitenar.' * Here Mr. 0 nearly broke down again, and being certain that he could give me no more poinle. I suggested that I thould accompany him to hi* houae and hare a look at the room from which tho bird h d flown. He ensured me thet I wae at liberty to aearch the whole building iog it I chose and presently 1 fouud myself bowling along in hit comfort, waa once more a respectable law abiding citiaon tbat 1 really bettered be bad reformed for good. Still, I thought he was rather a strange visitor for a man of Vivian's stamp, ao I stopped him and said— •' Good day, Brown, you must he getting quite an aristocrat' when you pay calls this end of the town.'' fie seemed a little put out et meet, log me, but he quickly recovered him self. 'Only abusineaacall,Mr, 8barpe.' he answered. • f sent one of my card* to Mr. Vivian, and he was kind enough to order a suit of clothe* from me I've just been taking bia measure}' pulling out a memorandum-book a* be epoke, end showing me Vivian's name above certain hierogiyphioe which stood for meavoremants. •This explanation altogether re* moved any auspicion that might have been forming in my mind, aci 1 went on about my business afte: cougratu* latiog Brown on having aeeured auoh a good customer. I had plenty to think about at tbe time, too, eo that I might have been forgiven for for* getting all shout my meeting with Brown j but that faculty of observe* tioo of which I spoke ws* at work, automatically pigeon-holing that little incident in my brain, to lie there unheeded and untbougbt-of until the time came for bringing it to light again,' ' Tou remember the tremendous fuss there was when it became known that Mies G—had vanished from ber homo? The family tried to keep it dtrk for a time, but it was not very long before the ubiquitous reporter got hold of it, after which good bye to eecrey. All the papers devoted col umn* to tbe affair, each delivering a more leather-headed opinion then ite neighbour, until Miss G 's people were driven to the verge of distrao* tion. As soon as the young lady was missod, her father drove to our office, and demanded to see me. I was luckily on the promisee at the time, and in a few minutee was closeted with tbe old gentlemau in my own room. I taw tbat be was greatly agitated, eo I placed a chair tor him, and waited till he recovered himself beFore speaking. When be bad grown somewhat calmer, I asked him what I could do for him. •' My daughter 1* gone, Mr. Sharpe/ he blurted out; ' gone without a sign, and I want you to find her for me. Oh, that thi* misery should have come upon me in my old age. My darling baa met with foul play I am sure, Ob, if I should find her dead. She waa the sunshine of my life, the prop of my declining years. Find her for me { they tell me yon never fail { only find her, and then aek what you will, even if it be half my fortune, and I will gladly give it yon.' * It went to my heart, I can tell you, although we detective* are popu> larly supposed to be devoid of all kfnfily feMiog; to" see the teen standing in the old mtu'a eyes, and I did my beet to sooth* him and cheer him up, hot it was some time before ha oould make any coherent state ment. At length, after much patient questioning, I elicited the following information. lit appeared that Miss G- had Mt^M *»hpd;a little after U o'clock on this ;yirtvibiu *;wVening. She was then in her usual good spirits—in foct, ahe had been the life of the amall party in As drawiajg-room ^aU the 1 evening, end her many laugh in answer to Soma joke of berfatbar'a was the: last sound that vnis hsard from haras ahe ascended tho etaia towardsdmraoom. - Ho narrntl noise wr disturbeaos was heard during ths night, yak, when Mis* G—-*# maid went to call her about 8 next morn ing the window of her room wasfonnd wideopsD, and the lady barself had disappeared.; Hone of the eersanta had the alightaat idea «s to whither ahe had gone, bat as all the ..other, d°?« and windows were' eeenraly fastened "inside,1 itwas wvidBht^thaV •he mat have got or boea taken out through her Dim window, which looked out upon the garden, end wee over 20ft. from the ground. There we* Do earthly retion for her leering in tnch e clendeetine teenner. Bho we* per fectly free to come end go where end when *he pleased, no rettriction whet e»er being plscied npon her action*. 8he bed no tronble, either of mind or body, that was koown to her relatione. Her enrronnding* were mo»t com fortable—o*y, luxurious. She we* possessed of eomelbing like £200,000 in her own right, the control of which h*d been bended over to her eix month* before, when ebe ceme of ege. Bhe «e* not extravagant, end did not spend e tenth of her income. She wee e generel Favourite, end bed not en enemy in the world. In short, nbe vii about the Ust person in the city whom one could imagine jumping or climbing out of a second story window in the middle o( the night, when ell •he hed to do, if the wished to leave the honte, we* to walk downstair* | and opeD the front door. I enquired delicately if it were possible that Mill G —- might bare eloped .with some admirer, but the old men scouted the idee. My daughter we* perfectly heart-j whole,' he eaid. * Hed there beep a j able brougham, behind a pair of baye tbst made me break the tenth com mandment every time I looked at them. On arriving at Mr. G'e man sion, we were met at tbe door by his son, whose tronbled face refleo'ed the. grief depicted on his tether's countenance. Having introduced me in a few words, both gentlemen led tbe way upstairs, and Mr. G, taking a key from bis pocket, unlocked tbe door of a room on the first floor, axying: "Thi* wae my daughter's bedroom, Mr. Bharpe. I thought it beet to leave it exactly a* it was, so that you i might form your own conclusion*1 from its appearance. Therefore I locked tbe door to prevent any one from, meddling with or disturbing anything.' Complimenting Mr. G on his tbonghtfolneas, I stepped into the room. 8oaroeljr had my foot crossed tbe threshold, when my nostrils were aesailsd by a faint, almost imper osptlbl* ordour, whioh seemed some how strangely familiar) bat for the life 'of me I could not ' for the moment think whet it was. I am notmnnh of a lady's man, as you know, therefore yon must not ex peot me .to give yon a description of that room and. Its content*. It is enough to esy that nothing wae wanting there wbloh luxury could demand or money buy; indeed, there were many artiolea of whose names and naea I was. .profoundly ignor ant. There was the oomfortable,arm ohair drawn up before the fireplace, in whioh Mies G—— had evidently set before rotlrtng to bed while close beside It ley tbe tiny drees shoe* and silk Blockings, joet oe she had taken them off on the previous evening. Across tbe book of another ebair hung the dress whioh she had worn, aeon faction of some soft, shimmering, white materiel, the very name and composition of whioh is to the mere mate person at % eunteform inscrip tion. Beyond this room was in par feet order, showing no eigne what ever of e elruggle.evao the bed clothes being turned haolt natnrslly •a they would he by a person who got oat of bed of hie—or her—own accord. Bo far there was nothing, that even suggested font play, and yet the Idea that violenoe had been need, hed taken possession, of me 'from themoment l sat my foot in tbatrooin. Instinct, I enppose; any how, H wee not long before my ens pinion grew into certainty. Grossing over to tbe window, whioh wee a till open, I oarefolljexemtaed the sash**: and catch, and it did not surprise me when I found oufeoththe .snarksof some elihip Instrument, faint indeed, bnt etlll as plain ae print'to a prao. tiaed eye. 1 kept my disoovery to myself, and proceeded to make a thorough search on the floor end amongst the bedclothes fur something which might make still plainer tomy mind's 'eye the performance; which" had been enaoted within the four walls. .Down in the corner behind the bed, where it had fallen and lain j nsnotioed end forgotten by the vil lainiin their hurry of their depar iors,Itonsd what I wanted. It wee only a white oeaabrio handkerchief, snohasyoucanbnyhy the tbonsand in any big drapSr'a-ahep, but it formed the princnpri link in the chain which draggedMr.'Berbert Vivian to tbe blon'qdpek. As I picked it up, the odour whick l bad amelled on entering the roo^^yew more pronounced, iifiiMiI f^dM^hhenqenhoaiM fftng.it, - ftwtfa'fmnt, sickly smell [ anl forainoment I was puzzled to ■fit k x»mer ~terit. 'Thsrn like a flash ft was to me, and- 1 mold' htm "Kicked myself for my stupidity. Of I course, it was chloroform; andeq usllj, of course,tbe whole matter wee to me «* clear as daylight* Some person or ffersbna, unknown, bad forced lick the'cstch of Miss O—window, entered the rpom, and. chloroformed her a« she lay asleep; after which it wai IheciiD^leat thing in* the world to lower her inanioiate form to the garden 'below. Looking through the openwindow, 1 could distinctly ee« the holm made in the gravelled walk behesth by the ladder which had beep "reared against the bouse, and stuffing the handkerchief.into my pocket, I hurried intone..garden to make further investigations. Under the window I found the traces nl fboi prints too faiot, unfortunately! for purposes of identification, hot yet rueful at being a aiarting point from which to trace the course taken to their flight by the ruffians whq had made them. From the house the tra'cks led etraigbt down • long walk to a high well at the end of the gar. deHTfind here I got my second valu able 'due. Be ween the walk and the wall lay a flower bed about tan feet wide, into the soft clay of which the villains' feet had auuk deeply leaving ebarp, clean-cut impressions wbiob could he measured to the six* teenthofan inch. There were two sets of -footprints, thus showing that two men had heen engaged in the nefarious plot; and, going down on my knees, I measured the ones which were most distinct, after which I procured some glass shades from Mr. Q '» gardener and covered tbem up carefully until snch time as I could take casts of them in plat, tor of pkria. Here, also, were mirks showing that the ladder had been' place! against the wall, and on mounting the latter with the aid of a friendly pear-tree, I could see where it had been planted in the lane out side the wall to facilitate the descent of the thierep with their .jiaconacious burden. Hurrying back to the house i questioned Miss G——'■ maid, end leaned that none of the young lady's wearing apparel was missing except a long, heavy, blsck cloak. Tbia was further confirmation of my theory— if any were needed. Now, the ques tion was, who in tbe wide world conld benefit in any way by auch an act ? I was certain tbatao ordinary thief bad been at work here, tor there lay un touched on the dressing tables little heap of aorereigoa, which would have proved an Irresistible temptation to any burglar of my acquaintance, and I bare known a few. . Mr. G—— in formed me that bis daughter had made a will, deviBing all her money in equal parte to her father and ber brother, her mother baring died when she was a child ; but the idea that either of them had anything to do with her disappearance was not to be entertainod for a moment.. Just as 1 was about to enquire the name of the gentleman towbom Mr. G——' had referredasbyiqg *n pldupitdr .fpr hie daughter's , hand. Mr.»Q< was astonished-by my question." «' Noposaible euspicion'can attach itself to Jgn,, pijr.: Sbitpi,? said heT: ' It was^JBerbert Vivian, the well known capitalist, who wished to marry'Nellie. He has been an inti mate friend of ours, for years, and I would almost as soon suspect my own : son as him. . Even the fact that Nellie refused to become his wife has made no dtfference in .-hU. friendship j in fact, he made pue of our party last night, only taking his leave a. fejr blinhtti before elev|Bn., >. . ■ «I cannot agrse^wlth yon, father, that Vivian ie altogether unchanged,' interposed youngMr. G--—I have aptioed is. differeneelu hiB iimsnner; during, the peatfa w.monihs—slitrht."' certainly, hot tltUjperoepttble. I jpniit dowp,'#.-^^ tomw pan I believe thetle is "in any way implicated in this terrible a£Eair. ; ;-Ibaya .always found klw tls siralcfb6W»t The mention of ;'5|l*fatt'a name eat me thlnking, * Tb^; wim abmotbing In my nihil ahouVpim, but what it was I could not for the moment to member. 3to aaaistanoe, andArotttd Put the little incident of nyaipttBgtritii'iBiewii' nt "Viviau'e door, whinh otmeryatibn I had labelled and put so care fully- It may wsem prepoeteHiuB ihet I should heveiumped -to ajCtm; dasios ao soon.nndJ^tK^little to work on, bnt 1 ««^|*';*yqp..: that "no1 sooner* did the nwlMfipn ot the ex-burglar's vidt.to"^^vian opine back to me than I fw;.certain^ the latter was tbe movingjppj^ln Mies; Q.i ' 'a sMaottw.^l; fl»pt my tbongbta to myeslt,;- hoW»vBr; it would have been riBidaea to yoloe them in that oompany, and srfter ae ■uiing Mr. Q thatlyrould make svery possible effort sto find out his daugbter. ^ lettthtjhhnae to follow hp the cine I bad feuntL Mr. O laalttafl en utodtof h» .l«k Is hi* carriage and as I roiled along I re" membered the bandkerobief I had found la Miee O > room, nod pulled it out to examine it mare closely. The chloroform, bad all evaporated by this time, but in one j corner.; I . found something wbloh | oouldnotfede »oeasI|y. So jon-j rinaed was I of Vivian's gnlit thatjt^ •oarc-ly eurp vised me. when I saw In ROOd indelible marking ink the legend' V. No. 7,1 -surmounted by a oreuu No sooner had I aeon it than I resolved to make a bold experi ment. Palling the cbek- etringe, I told-tbe eonobman todriyetne toothy street inwhicb Brown'e shop tosS eltaated. X left the carriage some distance "from the shop, and pro needed on toot. iBrown wye behind the counter when I entered, busily engaged iu cutting ont a coat, and ae goon as be eawme be gave is'Start and turned as pale ee death. Now was the time toettlke. "Thisis a nice mess you've got yourself * into, Bill,' I said, sternly* •Yon bad better confess yourehare in it, and tell me where yon end yonr principal have hidden Miss 0 ; or, "as sure as my name's Sharpe, I'll give yon fifteen years' • But the scoundrel was hot to be caught so easily, Polling himself together with a violent effort, he said, in a voice which trembled, in spite of bim— «' Whst mess, Mr Sharpe r must be making some horrible nljs take. I know nothing of any Miss G «' Yon will have it, then,1 1 replied. Come out here and hold up your foot.' • The trembling wretch obeyed with a very had grace; bnt when be came cut on the floor of the shop I saw that he was wearing slippers. «« Where are the boote you wore last night ;' said I. ■ Bat hold on j I'll get them myself. Don't yon mere or I'll stop yon effectually}' and going to the door which com municated with the living rooms, I knocked loudly. The door was opened by Brown's wife, a good gentle creatare, who had never been a party to her husband's crooked .transactions. I bide ber good morning, and told her to bring me Brown's boots. She looked astonished and scared, bnt went and brought them at onoe, say ing as she handed them to me— " I do hope Bill hasu't been doing anytbiog wrong, Mr. Sharpe. Oh, wfat&jirjU; I and ,the retoldwn do4f he is taken from me again f * And the poor woman bnrati into 'fears, and co vei^ ^f^ce^jlrli 4ier apron. • Doa'i Win fool, Mary,' eatd Brown who Wil tomejpvertothe door; 11 won^f WlWW trdvibie never fear. Go inside, and leave Mr. Sharpe and me to come to some arrangements' 'Whan Mrs. Brown had retired and the'door closed again, Bill turned to me and aaid "Yon needn't bother measuring; those hoots. I'll give in on one con dition, There's no use fighting against you, tor you ehem to" be the very devil 'himself. I'll swear no one tow in* last night, and.yet here yon era before 11 o'clook is the morn« ingi bpitarehtly knowing all about what.I did -and where I .went. Its .uncanny, that's what it is,' • VI teceived- "BrownV complaint With beoomiMnwdesty.^nd eoidno tbtng ^bou¥Weiian|lkerotopf. Theto'8 nothing in^tongf pther^gmople:"■!» wise as yourself. - ~ "What la your condition?' I atoodi -.*• '.flt'ltlll' •' Hi : "Simplythat yon ?jttf|e tree,' W wplied^'^Withopt my w-, Btstenoe you may possibly get^T" cob-' wiotion against my ;emplWs*,>^Wi can never End young lady. I'll make heraafety the prioe of my owh toid until yon, come to mytormslam as dumbto on-oyster. Yon.htayglvO; me twtoty^earelf yon .0h<iose, ,ihut the day that "t am eehtaooed eejssllhe last -of Mies - flto»Sbe;-'W~,pWWWi where yon newer could find her,-nnfl the people who aw looking after her. won't hesitate to fulfil my ihsW1' Mono.' ■: ' Wbht was l to 'do ? dotarmWedbharaottoto t he?"?£ FW whom I hod to dtolj Und X could toe nothing tor it hut to comply with his deiande., ,3 v..f'/£•••"^*1 ; s 'It | won'tdp J®, .find; hW all »t: once,* said he, when Ihad given hini; my protois0 that nototioa would : be taken against. him.'' Bhefitasf ^hre We if allow itto appear that you^wfgjtff tome trouble in Working Op the Case. Youton wt&^lWai'fiheto'.itfe" and comfortable, and wfllhe prodnoed none the woree for hoi lifcHn trip when the right time .tomoe. Mean while yott""can '* make ' a certainty of gntting tha other men torights.' «Brosrn then geye me the hirtory of the whole plot. » »W«wed that Vivian had ..asmsX0^ *» ■*' ^ business Wfopgh n spint of putt philanthropy, and then, when Mint. ® bad refused to marry bun, end the idea of obtaining by - foal means the fortune which he could not get by" fair means creased his mind, he re- • membered the erstwhile bwglar, and aeading for him offered him £500 to kidnap the heiresa^and keep her hid den away until she consented to be come] Mrs. Vivian.'. "He it was who, had devised the plan of entering Mian' G-r—'s room in such a fashion asto lead people to believe that the art was that of ep'me common bnrgUr.and had it not been for dropping the tell talehandkerchief inhia haste tj be goto, his designa might possibly hare been crowned with success. Of course, Brown's evidence would hare been sufficient to con riot him; bnt in order to keep my promise I had to dispense with that. I there fore eent an assistant to take a cast "of the footprints in Mr. G——'a garden, while I myself paid a visitto Vivian's bouse, baring first ascertained that he had gone out. I asked for Mr. Vivian's own man, and having cautioned him that if he said a word about my visit I vrould make it hot for him, ordered him to conduct me to his master's room, and show me where his handkerchiefs - were kept. He opened a drawer, and there lay a snowy pile fresh from the wash, the top one being an initial pnd crest pre. cisely similar to the one then reposing in my pocket, the number being four teen. I tarneid them over one by one —thirteen, twelve, eleven, ten, nine, eight, aha 1 the next was six, and I closed the drawer feeling that Mr. Vivian was asgood as convicted* ,To make; assurance doqhly sure I next measured four pairs of boots which stood in a row along the wall, and found one pajr. which . corresponded exactly with the traekain Mr. Q >8 garden. Reiterating my caution to the servant I left the house, and harried to assure Mr. G that bis daughter was safe, and would he found in a few, days, provided only thut'be kept my information a profound secret. The end was now at hand. For fonr days I waited patiently; then I judged that the time was ripe for my project, and instructed Brown to bring or send MissG—— to^ a certain place that evening. I found her awaiting me in company with a veiled wqman, who harried away without specking as soon as I relieved her of he; charge. When I introduced .myself to Miss G , and ;iq)d^ht^ jj: had come to conduct herVto h8r"hnr><? she nearly faintedwithjoy''Calling a cab, I placed ber in it, and drove with her to her father's house. I will drawn veil-over the meeting be tween these loving hearts, and pass! to a more unpteasaot theme. Driving straight to Mr. Vivian's house, I fouod him at dinner, and, walked unan nounced into his presence. ' What does this intrusion mean ?' he demanded, angrily. ■ Who are you, sir, and what do yon want V "Iffy name is Sharpe,' I replied; 'Isms detective, and I arrest you on a charge of burglariously entering the house of Mr. Q ,aod forcibly abducting his daughter,* 'He seemed half etnnned by'the shock, and sat staring at me as if I were a ghost. L * '-MyGod/hesielaimed atfasti and! thenrelapBedinto a jBilencewhich re mained unbrokeniill he was lodged forthe 3§fec»cc(buta ie»r days iraforetbetrial lie aeat ^for me and and thus endeavour to expiate^ his hia-ac «omplice Should remain unpunished temptation after a Jot of persuasion. did not tell him that J knew any ^i^k^iBrpwp,hutpromisei that his wishea' shonld! he fulfilled. ■. Miss G——'refused to say -a -word as to f&ewjr; ! she< ^iddliCssyi^ ^atkiie had givenher miiivj ofhonour to iremsiq' eilentoo, the subject . Mr.G-—has treated me veiy^ndloinely, *nil^y*J&ai; v vvotidoirfxxl, ^mnan on «arlhv know that there:was . nothing marvel - ■ done Jiitle ^dw jrou^re to jtal^ikoihe^ ^dlir-Shipe: UnghedgeDially as he snatohednphu hat and departed,-'- ' i _ ' " The German Dmpire has 6^276,<XX) farms, of which 2,958,000 are culti rated by the owners. of meat haa increased " S7-per oentj tha t of graln ISO per coot."' ' GreatBritainVmaKheiitetam fan-" nage is to-day «,780tfOS, about as much as that of sll other nations added together. 