fygoer Ji Br Peter Qoince. It sounds rather strange to assert that there are occasions when bad weather actually assists in tilling a theatre, yet such was the fact at the Princess'Theatre, where " The Harbour Lights drew crowded houses every evening, mainly, I believe, through the inclemency of the weather. You recollect that it was Show week—and a very bad week for the Show, too—and it was wet and sloppy. Agricoh — as the Hp.rn.ld. delights t bulk him — came down to the show, and brought his wife with him to study the latest inventions and discoveries 111 the art of husbandly or dairying. After walking round in the rain and churning up the mud, the country people returned to town, dirty, depressed and dejected. They wanted something to cheer them up and brighten them. Staying at the hotel was out of the question, so was a pleasant moonlight stroll by the sad sea waves of St. Kilda or Brighton : and the popular pastime of strolling about the streets and looking in the shop windows afforded an equally cheerless prospect. That is exactly where the theatre got in its work. A bright and cosy theatre Hike the Princess', a stirring, sensational drama like "The Harbour Lights," Gordon's excellent scenery with its warlike flavour of the deck of an up-to-date battleship, bright music and songs by Sweet William (to say nothing of cutlass drill by others), and high- kicking and dancing such as was never indulged in by Black- Eyed Sueesan on land or sea—add to these good all-round acting by Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove's dramatic company—and what more would Agricola and his wife require': They seem to think that "The Harbour Lights" lilled the bill, for the country folks filled the house each evening. This is the last week of " The Harbour Lights," as the management propose to revive "The Prisoner of Xenda :: for a few nights, whilst the finishing touches aie given to the final rehearsals of " Under the Red Robe.1 understand that great preparations are being made for the due presentation of the dramatisation of Stanley Weyman's celebrated novel. Theie is certainly plenty of stirring incident in the story, aud no duubt the dramatist has well availed himself of the wide scope afforded him. As all the new plays, "The Prisoner of Zenda " and "The Sign of the Cross," purchased by the Firm have achieved brilliaut successes, we may reasonably expect a similar record for "Under the Red Robe." At the Theatre Royal the dramatised version of Jules Verne's " Round the World in Eighty Days " has been enjoyinga very large share of the patronage of the playgoing public. There is the great charm of variety in the rapid change of scenery as the audience are made to skip from one continent to another in the company of the Eccentric Phineas Fogg and the indomitable Passepartout. There is 110 lack of excitement and exciting situations in the plot, so that the interest of the audience is well sustained throughout the wholeof the time that their eyes are being pleased with the varied scenery of the different parts of the world from the burning East to the Chilly West. Mr. Clia .les Maurice, as Passeparteout, has a part for which he is admirably suited, and Mr. King Hedley makes a good Phineas Fogg. Mr. Wilson Forbes scores as a detective from Scotland Yard, as do the remaining characters, more or less according to the opportunities afforded them. "Round the World in Eighty Days" will be repeated every evening until further notice. The Maurice-Batemau Co. will occupy the Royal for about another six weeks or so, and will be succeeded by Mr. Bland Holt and his company, who are having a very successful time of it in Sydney. Tuosk who pray in Latin, as once I was wont to do, prayed Dona nobii pactm. Ever since the boom in coster songs I felt certain that the dona would sooner or later arrive, and then—in the vernacular—what price no'in iiactni! The '' dona" hut arrived in the shape of Miss Peggy Pryde, and now not even the ukase of the Czar of all the Russias will be able to give us peace from the female coster airs which like bombshells she has thrown into our midst. No disarmament convention of all the Great Powers of Europe will prevent the street-boy from whistling Peggy Pryde's airs—they have come to stay until some newer boom happens along to knock them out of time—and tune. Personally, I don't like the coster stamp of vocalism, either in man or woman, but I am constrained to confess tliat I am in a small and hopeless minority. In the wide range of a coster's barrow, the vegetable I care least for is asparagus, or—to use the proper vernacular once more—sparrergrass. Here again I am in a minority, but 1 think I have the one virtue of not judging the corn of other persons IJ3' my own bushel. Judging Miss Peggy Pryde then by the general, the imperial, bushel, she is good measure well heaped up. There can be no doubt about her cleverness, and still lessabout her success. She possesses, apart from her undoubted talent as a music-hall entertainer, that unanalysable quality, pei sonality. You like her, but as to what it exactly is that you like in her you cannot tell. I, who feel towards coster ditties that strong aversion which the devil is said to entertain towards holy water, cannot help admiring and being entertained by Peggy Pryde. Others who have not that rooted aversion rave over the newcomer, and there c-n be no doubt that in Miss Pryde Mr. R.ickurds has secured one of his most successful and remunerative importations. Miss Ada Reeve remains one of the bright particular stars in the Tivoli firmament, and literally sparkles every evening to the delight of all. The electrical organ of the Juleenes is also on the programme, and Foreman and Fannan, Will Whitburn and ofcherseffeefcively fi22in the interstices of the programme. The new programme of Mr. Harry Cogill's New Federation Minstrels is one of the best among the many good ones that have been given at the Gaiety Theatre. One of the principal features in its success is undoubtedly Mr. John Coleman, whose comic songs and scarecrow dances provoke continued merriment. M. Emile Lazern is one of the deftest of conjurers, and possesses in a very marked degree that quickness of the hand which deceives the eye. The general verdict upon M. Lazern is that it is wonderful how he does it — but he does. Mr. 'Willie Freear is as successful as ever in his specialties, aud Mr. Harry Cogill himself is an immense favourite in " My Day." Altro, Pope and Sayles, the Downards, the Rio Troupe, James Harvie, the baby elephant and the baboons give much variety to the bill of fare. The major portion of the "people from the country " who come down for the Show invariably visit the Waxworks, and last week was no exception to the rule, that attractive aud popular place of amusement being visited by large crowds of curious and interested visitors. The Newbury—Spada Saturday "Pops" will be resumed at the Melbourne Town Hall next Saturday night, for which an especially attractive programme has been prepared. One likes to pick up any news in the theatrical profession, aud so whenever I meet any person connected therewith, I naturally enquire what is going on. I chanced upon a theatrical agent on Monday, and in reply to my question he said :— " Not much. Blank (mentioning the name of a mushroom manager) wants me to get together a company for him, but he stipulates that they must all be hustlers." " And what in the name of Thalia, Melpomene and the res'. What are in, "Hustle when they own ' if tho ti findB that th. : tells the wimp. • wee small h- . their tents \l\ away. Tlur" ' Amon'osx 1. profession—p mushroom m*> be systematic room manager many professi,.. fold," as Mr. \\\ there is matt • be fouud rea-h by playing 01'. which tiiei e the dramatic sent to be ci; come smilin-. . cheater, aiiNil-- again, ami yoi . fire so are w..i> i, stage, remark(r ; bitten, it i.^ and dance thai ... The stage han'i has once let the,, the orchestra fi,il tliey will proil.v. thus ? .ii -V- ... , - -W t4, rv. m "'^V-iHti* 'H.I slides /•i.'anti, lUie, 'jj ! i .v :•„!,.; t: lis l,v 0? UiDg ^ ili'. 1 ii. n&hrooui; maoj '1 til'); iev, !5'i Of J i-head6C fif'tiiy j.jt ^ 1 til.'. iri.-^-. U'l This query I met a protest i\,< another colony, these mushroom t walk or work his extraordinary eh case is that neark 1 went with Min-hn.,.- only a few m<mi iv ;, yet—received a engagement. Y.-f with him ami 'r-n<• even taking tin- k, return ticket in refer to, like Fair n " Wei.'t awav With iiir.sii J i i^.li '"niclattm had gwe QUI wagers ami iyaP Mi si as U%t h, 111*1 ante iu iie wlxJc 'JUiH-ctionf , , 01 ii't-comj " had i,eei! Wi£ 'li ami j,a,l noi-^J ; V'-'ekV salary Wl icy art v illing to to .uioimt rdoi ••••union lo Hvurt •i atejilru;;. Thc f.'jlij;. And shomiiii.-!, waiiina of ihe'thfcng. 0 The old story -\v as ,-0011 repealed; t smoothly and continued sincoUilv treasury day, when, a.-- bt-fure. there vi of the ghost wallviuL'—not I lie shadoir of him. The company dinbandtil, ai got in with a better travelling 6 rowed sufficient in ]my their fares I suppose, are on thy road walking toi 1 months they will In- <piite rea.Jr engagement from .Mushroom spsii. be a reason for such cMraorflitiarvan asked my returii j.rofessional 'to peculiarity of the ai-toi. "Poverty,lie i-epJnvl. " Wjitan are, they never saw any money fo; they have to keep nl!' that rainy dayss can." This scenic I ;i funny explanation!! without receiving au\ wages. "Bythe continued my frk-t»), " 1 mean the far. an engagement, lie doesn't want sal ..as he wants to lie in an eugagenieut,be< strength of being ijluallv in workbe 1 f )if whereas if®! certain amount of credit, * his landlady, ),utcher and^m^T cash in advance - 1 w ig • ^ »| easily duped ]•• • ""gin P os fool as he looks. Falk Phoio. The Latest Photograph of Mrs. Maesmore Morris. MISS ULV TITHERAO Talma photo. 