'questions heard in : the crowd. How long before that Government coul mine will be started ? How much unreportcd thieving real- ' ]y goes on in the city parks ? ?Whether Lord Carrlngton's remarks . will cause a rush of would-be, wives to Australia 7 Whether Australians think any' more of the Bishop of Ballarat than ho does of Australians ? Whether Mr. Wraggo's , MasBlnissa was a fair trier for the Rnln Stakes, or did lie run a byfc V Whether there are many more ghosts around Perth asking for Rome one to trend on tho tail of their sheet ? Whether the home-grown article will not suit the Australian bachelors as ? ?vyell as Lord Ghrrlngton's spinster emi grants V Whether the Dowager Empress of China, might be loaned to wet-hurso another youthful monarch in Ger luany ? ? Whothor the Labor Party's retrench ment will begin with cutting down tho wngefi of do-no thing Members of Pat IlAinent 1 Whether teleflcopefi will bo in de mand in the vicinity of tho ladles' baths after the Mayor of Knndwlolc'n ' remarks ?' If tho inanity of homo of our polltl clonK can bo accounted for, according to Anderson Shinrt'n theory, by thole goirig dhpft of m»k '« Infancy . ? _ Tlie Bishop of Ballnrnt has been uu burdening his mind on things Austra lian in no complimentary terms. He has looked over this ungodly country-: from Dan to Beersheba and found no good thing In it. The crowning Iniquity ? Is that the people are devoid of rove- . rence — especially for Imported bishops. Hence tliese weeps. ? In f uturo sweltering citizens nro not 1 to bo kept longer' in suspense in regard ' to tho approach of southerly busters than Is absolutely necessary. When ; /wo can't got cool wo shall at nil oventa ! bo helped to possess our bouIb In pa tloneo by tho knowledge that a Bus ter has arrived at ICdun, .Tor v In Bay, or Wollongong, and will (D.V.) bo with uh very nhortly, that lo, providing, o£ courfie, that tho flag signals nro not ' misunderstood. Something, for in- : ntance, ohould bo done to g.uard against tho impression that tho PostnAiBtoL'- | Oonornl In ?tootling a general Invitation ; to tho public to. co«\\(jnnavcaru'!nk, and that tho l^nga p'txua'fov 'special brando ' of wjilP^, ' .;? ' T^^jirfiin^'iulrmuw'inTTflMirormM'TW^ ? j, , ' ,. ',?-'?' ? ^W ? *VI.£~, ' iHfto. .j,,-. i'^..— ?.— — V.\ '? ? ? ? ? ? Ttp to, date. A horse daiu-ed, by'.Il-j lusion has been named ltougemont In' New Zealand. ''' ? » . ? ? . * A lady advertising for a general ser vant last week received a reply which finished up as follows: 'If. you thlnki i should suit you, kindly rite an. soon ns iwsslble, as 1 have other appliances.'** Notwithstanding tiio Customs Regu lation Act and tho .QIiIiiohjq Restriction , Act] and the rest of tho lawe (if any) imi)0Blng £100 poll tax on visiting Mon golliius, ^ho wily Oliiuky soema to get there Jiist the oame without incurring ?* tho extra'vaganco of paying the rtbovu amount' to the cohHoltdated revenue. At all 'evcnt'H, the rcHulf of the appeal of tliree natives of the Celestial Em piro against a lino of £50, togethor with payment of the aforenald poll tax, ''would Hc'om to show 'that tliey. arc still . n-HttloMoo clever for tiro unsophlfttl ' civted CfUtonsIan; However, in thin cftce, It ifl fiatlHfactory to ol)f)orv« that thoy. were obliged to employ ,'Lula- Yicav' lawyers, «o perlmpH they did not (lave oo much after nil. 'Some Racing Reilectlons,' In1 a '- Sydney daily, must have been written , : by the religious reporter. He says: 'Men on the racecourse do not always tell the truth!' .How shocking! ' ?-?..,.., ♦ ' ? ♦ v it , .''-'?? Although 'Tho Arrow' Is not: dis- '. posed to go into sackcloth aiul ashen because Governor Ilampden Is going away, It-is free to confess that we may go further and faro wor#c In our '.Iwpxt ? gubernatorial venture, 'ills Kx. tii%-} not have had much toilo, but he geirt*- : rally- did- the right thing at the right' | ' ? ? time, ami though- ho didn't know every- . i | thing, he had. the valuable trait or ? knowing how to not know too much. r.. . ?.'??'? -..; . ? ;' ♦ * * ?'?'.'' Ex-Governor Canington should real-'' - ; ly be careful, If he docs not want to :..,,. ? False n hornets' nest amongst the fo- '* 'male population of Australia. It may.1* .- :-? ?';; have been thoughtlessness, but thiv-| '??'?'? i,- ' Idea, of encouraging a rush to this ', country amongst the unmarried fe males of the United Kingdom on tho plea that wives are wanted here is ra ther too bad. .tust at present the exist ing bachelor population do net scorn in | , any violent hurry to' plunge into matn- I , ' nioriy, and those who do manifest' any Inclination that way as a rule llnd the aupply quito coiml to the demand for air classes, especially good to middling ? (w.a,f). Under the circuiustauce.s, there need be no surprise If a howl of Indig nation comes from our unattached i'c nialcs from Carpentaria to. tin; Lou win at aiich a barefaced attempt to glut the market with foreign exports. ' ? ♦ - * * - : ?'???-.' ;. Over in Perth a ghost has bueu cap- ' ?'?.'' ttiml and treated to a spirited applica 'tlbn of paling, which 1h likely to act. ;? as n deterrent to his ghostsliip against, l'e-vlsitiug the'tjliinpSeM of 'the moon for : some. time. It wa«' fortunate that the spirit in question belonged to the main : iiersviaslou, because h'ad it btion a lady \ ,.-;'?.?- '???;?? :* ghost she could hardly have bcundeiilt; ', with in . auch u dry stick, or -3hintio. ? .. . , manner. StHl It .'might be as well for .'; '??' Sydney appurltloim to note the fact. , and liot :? venture out of the sanctum : :,.'; sanctorums, In which they are in the ha- , , ;; bit of uintorlnliHing,- for valuable coiiwl- ??? '.'. ??'i-1^- deration. So long as they conllne thoni . selves t(v their own 'hf.iuutH, they H0-?mi tolerably ea'fp, biit 'wlicn ghonis Wlk ' abroad nowadays they lake a big risk. ♦ » «? ? ? Randwick lias tho felicity of possess-.' ing a Mayor who would not dream of ? looking at a lady bathing— he says so himself, so It. must, bo true, and so far from encouraging the shocking idea of mixed bathing, lie suggests that thtc sexes be separated for swimming pur- . poses tho entire length of the local beach— the ewe lambs to the right; and tlie goats to the left. Tills is all' very well ns far as it goos, but why not or dain that there should bo separate ' days for inalo and' female visitors to Coogoe. Tho Mayor must bo terribly shocked sometimes to observe them gassing togethor at the water into which thoy may both get Into even at such a distance apart. And again, how de lighted Australian women must be at tho inference- to be drawn from his Worship.^ statement, that Scotch lns Bies are always chaste. He will really ' have to be careful that ho Is not chased, himself after that. 