AS A MAN LIVES. CHAPTER IV.—(Concluded.) By E. PHILLIPS OFPENHE1M, Author of "False Evidence," &c.;, &c.; 7 looked at her. in silent wonder. I, too, tad helped at that election—that is to say, I had driven about in the Countess of Applecoru's barouche' with a great bunch -of cornflowers in my gown, and talked amiably to a lot of uninteresting people. I had a dim recollection of b one-horse wagonnette which we had passed on the way preceded by a brass band and a lot of factory hands, and of Lady Applecorn raising her gold-rimmed eyeglass and saying something about the Socialist candidate. . "Did you make speoohes—and that sort of thing?" I asked hesitatingly. She laughed outright. " Of course l,did. How else could I have helped? I am afraid that you are beginning tq'think that I am a very terrible person," ehe added, with a decided twinkle in her rich brown eyes. Pleasedon't say that!" I begged. "Only I have been brought' up always with people who shuddered" &t; the very mention of the word both here and abroad, and I daresay that I have a wrong impression about it all. For one thing ' I thought it was only poor people Who were Socialists."; . For a moment she looked grave. " True Socialism is the most fascinating of ail doctrines for the rich and the poor, for all thoughtful men and women," she said quietly. "'It is a ,religion as well as the very core of politics. But w6 will not talk about that now. Are you interested in the new books? You ought to see some of these." She pointed, at the box. " I get all the new novels, but read very few ot them." I looked them oyer as she handed the volumes out to me. I.had read a good many books in "which she was interested. We began to .discuss therp, casually at first, and then eagerly. An hour or more must have slipped away. At last I looked at the clock and sprang up. " You must have some tea," she said, with her hand on the bell. " Please do not hurry away." - I hesitated, but she seemed to take my consent for granted, and I suffered myself to be persuaded. • ' "Gome and see my den while they bring it" • . She opened a door on the left hand of the hall," and I passed by her side into a lance room of irregular .shape, from which French windows led-out on to the trim little lawn. The . walls . were almost lined with books —my fatherVlibrary did not bold so many. A writing-table' drawn .up to the window was cov«red with loose sheets of paper and works of reference turned upon their .faces. For the rest the room was.a marvel of delicate colouring and. refined femininity. There were plenty of cosy chairs, and three-legged tables, with, their burden of dainty china, rare statuettes, and many-vases of flowers, mostly clustering yellow, roses. But what absorbed my attention after my rapid glance around was the fact that-Mr, JBruce Deville was sitting in a ve^y comfortable chair near the window. reading one of the loose sheets of paper which he had taken "from the desk. He rose from hiis'^eat at the sound of the opening of .the door, h'ut he did not immediately look.up. He spoke to her, and I scarcely reoognued his voice. His grufiness was gone! It was mellow and goodhumoured. \- - "Marcia! Marcia! Why can't you leave poor Harris alone?" he said. _ "You will drive him out of liis senses if you Blitig Greek at him.like' this. You women are so vindictive!'' \- -"If you will condescend to turn round," she answered, smiling, " I shall be glad to know how ' you got L in here, and what are you doing with my manuscript?" He looked up and.the sheet .fluttered from his fidgets,- He regarded me with undiluted astonishment. " Well, I came in at the window," he answered. " i was in a hurry to escape getting wet through. I had no idea that you had a visitor!" I glanced, towards her. She was in no way disoomposed or annoyed. - I-am not in'clined to walk this afternoon," she said. • " Will you come down after dinner, about 9? I want to see. you, but not just now." \- He nodded, and"took up his cap. At the window he looked back at me curiously. For a moment he seemed about to speak. He qontpnted himself, however, with a parting bow, to which I responded. Directly he got outside the. garden he took his pipe from his pocketandlit.it.- " The incident did not seem to have troubled her in atiy way.- - She pointed out some of the treasures of her room, elegant little trifles, collected in many countries of the world, but I am afraid I was not very attentive. "Is Mr, Deville .a relation of yours?" I asked, rather 'abruptly. \- She had just taken down a little Italian statuette for my inspection, and she replaced it carefully before she answered. "ifo. We are friends. I have known him for a good many years." \- A tiny Burmese gong rang out from the hall. She cameacross the'room towards me, smiling pleasantly. J " . '' Shall we go and have some tea? I always want tea so. mnch after a thunderstorm, I will show you some more of my Penates, if you like, afterwards." I followed her into the hall, and took my tea from - the /hands of' a prim little maidservant.' With the Drejden CUD between my fingers a sudden thought flashed into my mind. If only Iiady'Naselton could see me. Unconsciously-my lips parted, and I laughed outright. > -" Do tor-give," I,begged. " Something came into my mmd. lt was too funny. I eould not help laughing." ' "To be able to laugh at one's thoughts is a luxury,"Bheanswered. "I know a man who lived through a terrible illnesB solely because of his sense of: humour. There are so many things to laugh.-at in . the world, if only one eoes them in the right light. Let me give you some more tea." ' I set down my oup. "No more, thanks. That has been delicious. I wonder whether I ruierht ask you a question?" I added. "I should like to if I might." ;; • "Well, you.certainly may,"she answered, good-humoureflly. \-- "Mr. Deville spoke of your work," I continued; "and of course I could see you had been writing.: Do you write fiction? I think "it is so delightful for women to do anything for themselves—any real work, I mean. Do you niirid my asking?" " Ido not'write fiction as a rule,"she said, .'slowly, • ..** I write for the newspapers. I was a correspondent for several years for one of the daises.. I write'more now for a purpose. I am oneof the 'abhorred tribe,'you know—a 'Socialist, or what people understand as a Socialist. Are von horrified?" "HolHn the least,".'I "answered her; "only -I should like-to know more about it. From what ITiayfi heard about Socialism I should H9v«r have-dreamed of associating it with— well, with Dresden cups and saucers, for instance," I lauehed, motioning to her own. Her eyes twinkled. "Poor child," she said, "you have all the old-fashioned ideas about us and our beliefs, I suppose. I am not Bure that, if you were** properly regulated younn lady, you would not get up and walk out of the house." A shadow had fallen aoross the open doorway, and a familiar voice, stern, but tremulous with passion, took up her words. '"Thatis precisely what my daughter will do, madam!- At once, and without delay! Do you bear,.'Kate I ros6 to my feet dumb with amazement. My.father'B tall figure, drawn to its ntmost height, stood out with almost startling vividness against the sunlit space beyond. A deep rfed flush was on his pale cheeks. His eyes seemed on fire' with anger. My hostess rose to her feet with, dignity. " Your daughter is at liberty to remain or go at any time;" she said, coolly. '' I presume that I am addressing Mr. Ffolliot?" She looked, over my shoulder towards toy father, and their eyes m$t. I looked from one . to the other, -conscious that something was passing outside my knowledge—something between those two. Her eyes bad become like dull stones. Her face had grown strangely hard and cold. There was a brief period of intense silence, broken only by a slow, monotonous ticking of the hall clock and the flutter of the birds' "wings from amongst the elm-trees outside. A breath of -wind brought a shower of raindrops down on to the gravel patft. A sparrow flew twittering into the hall and out •gain. Then it came to an end. "Marcia!" His single cry Tang out like a pistol-shot upon the intense silence. He took a quick step across the threshold. She held out both her hands in front of her, and he stopped short. " You had better go," she said. " You had better go quickly." - . I went oufeand took my father's arm. He let me lead him away without a word; but he would have fallen several times if it had not been for my support. When we reached home he turned at once into the library. "Go away, Kate," he said, wearily. "I must be alone. See that I am not disturbed." I hesitated, but he insisted. I shut the door «nd left him. I toowanted to bo alone. My brain was in a whirl. What was this past whose -ghosts seemed rising up one by one to confront us? First there had been Mr. Deville, -and now the woman whom my father had called Marcia. What were they to him? What had he to do with them? Where had their lives touched? I pressed my hot forehead 'against the window-pane, and looked across at the Yellow House. The sunlight was flashing and glistening upon its damp, rain-soaked front. In the doorway » woman was standing, shading her eyes with her hand, and lookiiig across the park. I followed her gaze,-and saw for whom she was 'waiting. Bruce Deville was walking swiftly towards her. I saw him leap a fence to save a few yards, and he was taking huge and rapid strides. I turned away from my window and hid my face in my hands. (To be continued to-morrow.) 