HOW LIGHT TRAVELS. Light, as a traveller, in point of rapidity is only rivalled by electricity, its speed being so vast that it IR only when we have to deal -with the enormous distanoe stretohiDg be- tween us and our finn, and the far greater ones between our system and the myriad others whioh dot our skies with the fixed stars, that appreciable periods of tho time oome in play. A rey of fight sent to us from our sus, for instance, traverse» the inter- vening space of some 05,000,000 miles in about eight minutes-that is, at the rato of over 180,000 miles per second, so that about one* eighth of a single second will suffice to flash a sunbeam right round the world if a series of mirrors could be arranged to reflect it from point to poitit ou its surface. Thia enormous spead appoars still more wocderful when we oonsidnr that light makes itn way through spaoe by means of waves, so that thc ray, by pursuing a wavy line instead of a perfectly straight ono, really travels muoh farther, and has bonidOH to perform an in- quiry of work in generating these waves or vibrations ns it proceeds. These waves are ohio marvellous in their minutoness and their vnrhd oharaotor, since the white boam of ight whioh strikes our eye in the si.ubeam s made up by a wholo hont of waves of dif forent lengths, each length by itself havi a Afferent colour, though the blend of i whole is white. Hence, if we pass the ray of light throu a pieoe of glass out with three sides, a known as a prism, wo get an artificial rai bow, owing to glass go out having the si gular property of sorting out the diffère kinds of waves as they pass through it a thug separately displaying their particu] tints. These tints are always arranged the same order-viz., dark red at one eu merging gradually, through orango, yollo1 greon, and blue, into dark violet at tho othi beyond which visible bmit other waves ma their presence felt as heat, whioh ia part ai parcel of tho ray. "We thus seo that considering how the light rays travel ^ must regard it not so much as an individn travelling party, all bout on tho ^benefice mission of not merely lighting and warrnu the earth into life and activity, but also ad< in g the charm of brilliant colouring to tl beauty of form developed under the auspices. Taking, however, the sunray as our typio traveller, we have seen that it original from an impulse given by the glowing su: which first creates a series of waves < vibrations, and then impels these across space of many millions of miles. Now, prc cisely here we atrike one of the greatei mysteries with whioh our scientists are tryin to cope, and that is the nature of the mediui or the road by whioh these waves can jour ney. This must stretch not merely all th tho way from here to tho sun, but also int the farthest realms of space in which star ara visible to us, because all light is found t travel by waves, and to be of praotioally th same nature. If we throw a stone into ¡ pond waves result which travel through th water ; if we fire a pistol, sound or air wave resnlt which travel through the air ; if w stretch a wire, or string, and strike one on< of it, waves will rim along to the other end and in all these oases wo find an unbrokei series of links, aa it were, existing betweei one wave and another, and an appreciabli medium by which thoy travel. In space however, there is absolutely nothing existing which we can deteot aa having weight or anj substantial quality whatevor ; our fines astronomical calculations work out as exaotl] aa if nothing at all existed beyond the limits of our atmosphere, though the lightest gai known would hinder the motiona of th( planets in a very marked faehion indeed. Waves, however, cannot exist without 8 medium, they must travel along something, and hence scientists are driven to the eon elusion that all apace is filled with an incon- ceivably thin body whioh they call Ether, j through whioh, and by means of whioh, these compact little communities of light j waves reach us, not only from our own san, i moon and planeta, but from all the other I luminous bodiea whir.h fill the heavens. I The Ether being perforce taken for granted, we are brought faoe to face with another stupendous faot regarding the travelling powers of light rays, and that is their stay- ing power over long journeys. Judging by the watery or rerial waves we have cited, there seema to be a limit to their travelling ; I were the Pacific ocean as atill aa a millpond we should not expect a pebble cast into it at the equator to produce an appreciable wave into the Arctic regiona, and sound wavea do not travel very far before dying out. I What, then, must we think of these infinitely smaller waves of light whioh oome to us from the the fixed stars, some of whioh ?hey loft centuriea ago, and, after travelling the whole time at the full apeed of 180,000 miles and more par second, can yet strike the eye of the aatronomer or print their image on his photographic plato with unabated energy? Thia again impreBnos us with tho marvellously thin nature of the ether of apace, whioh throngh all this long journey bas failed to dim or \% eaken the ray in the slightest degree. Light, too, as a traveller, is not only oapable of traversing space and our atmosphere, but ghs at the adamantine surfaoe of the diamond itself as a typo of a thousand trans- parent bodies. The ray and the Ether alike pass through the olosely set atoms of the gem without other effeot than the sorting out prooesR which produces thu brilliant play of colour we know of. Into all bodies, transparent or not, some of the light waves penetrate, whUe others are thrown off, and it is these latter whioh, striking then upon our eye, finish their long journey by pioturing within our brain not only the myriad tints whioh surround us but also the forma of everything we see. We say 'everthing' advisedly, for all the beauty we enjoy, save the light of the starry hosts or the transient heavenly visitors, comets or meteors, is due direotly or indirectly to the sun's rays. Our artifioial lights-oil, tallow, gas, or even nlectrio- are all pale ghosts of the beams of long ago, whose light and warmth built ur the coal, petroleum, or other deposits whence we now derive our illu- minants. 