R" THE BUSH TELEGRAPH." FrBY ROBERT ALLAN.J For the third time in eighteen months the B- Station cattle had broken camp, and almost in the same ground, up among the Blue Mountains on the old stock route. The first time they lost twenty-five head ; the second, thirty odd ; and the third and last time their loss was heaviest, and this. ar ticular mob bad been under the care of the boss himself. What had started the cattle was a matter of opinion among the drovers, but all were of opinion that it was no groundless scare that set them going like a whirlwind. Bill Best, a drover of un iinpeachable character, and with a noted habit of using profane' and original blasphemy, having lost the second lot during his watch, stuck to his opinion, namely, that it was a blanky ghost, for he'd seen the white thing among the cattle juinst before they stampeded, so help him. The third lot broke camp during the boss' watch, and he also had seen something white prowling round just before the cattle broke. Yet there were others who had lost cattle when camped in the mountains, and they had put the ghost theory down to rum and copperas tobacco. tio, early in the following year, another mob left B - Station for Southern mar kets with the redoubtable Bill Best in charge. The boss, who was also owner of these bauly-faced Herefords, passed them on the road, bound for Sydney. In those days some twenty odd miles north-east of the Blue Mountains lived old man hart and his three unruly daughters. Up in the reach.s, with the sleepy valley of the Hawkesbury far below, in the quiet of the eucalyptus, they had been born; the harsh cry of the king parrot, the jeering laugh of the jackas.s, their only music; their creed, simple in itself, "possession is nine points, of the law." Here alone, in soli tude they grew up from'year to year, learn ing the mysteries of the weird bush, facing the drought, working among the odd lot of cattle by day; at night lying out. in the stagnant heat, listening to,, the hundred voices of the darkness. Of their God they knew nothing; of the loves of man they wondered vaguely. The whole world of these three savage girls lay m the circle of a score of miles; of the world beyond they were entirely ignorant. In the spring time the animals mated in the bush ; the curlews cried plaintively to each other; the possums scrambled, two and two; everywhere was weird, sensitive feeling-the heart of the solemn bush awakening. They grew to womanhood-tall, defiant., and strong. Their feet had never known the touch of boots, and the fear toat is born and thrives in their more fortunate sistei s in the valley below had never come to them ; they roped their young horses, riding them legs astride; and the odd lots of cattle brought by the old man at times from away up the mountains they penned up and branded with the strength of men, swearing, and dodging, and blaspheming in the heat and dust. Barring old man Hart, the three girls had no equal at "fakfoe" a bland, tracking a steer, or riding an ouflaw. Truily, they were a godless trio. Sal and Jenny, the two elder sisters, were dark, like their mother, long since dead, and Polly, the youngest, was red-haired, taking after her father. But such bair ! A heavy mass of tangled copper, coming down to her waist. Her eyes were grey and soft, unlike those of her sisters, which were black, and wild as a half- tamed" brumby " Polly had a bad temper, but she did not often "let out," while her sisters were uncontrollable. Such were these three Australian girls; women with the instincts of animals, and the hearts of savages. 'Men came to see the old man Hart occasionally, and. these girls, unsexed as they were, saw nothing out of the way in their cursing. If the old man got drunk, and chased them out into the bush, they waited patiently for the visitors to go; the old man would sleep then. Sal and Jehny joked with the men, but Polly--stood aloof, defiant, and one time when Black Sam, her father's a ecial crony tried to kiss her, she laid his face open with a branding iron. One evening Tom Rook, from the main track, came over to see the old man, pre sumably, but it was evident Tom had an eye to Miss Polly. He rode up at sunset. The three girls lay under a big wattle, and the old man sat in the 4oirway. Tom hitched up his horse and came to them. The giols nodded at him lazily, and he sat down by them. "Wall, wot's the news 7" asked Jenny. "lI've got a bloke stayin' at my place," said Rook. oluy turned over on her elbows. "You don't say so I Wot's 'e like ?" ".Oh, 'e's a ' big bug;' wears wide ridin' pants and clean shaves 'is face." •" Wot's he come for ?" asked ola man Hart. "Holidy, I makes out. 'E calls 'imself a journalist." SUmph I Is 'e payin' for 'is board?" asked liart. " You bet I' answered Rook. He went on spe king. ". An' he ain't no new 'and among 'orses. 'E's got a filly over my place very close on thoroughbred, an' a grand set o' legs on 'er." " Kin 'e ride 2" asked the old man. " Yes, 'e's a fair rider wot 1 seen of 'im. 'i1. pops over them dogleg fences o' mine, an', my oath ! that filly's a good 'un over sticks." "Any brand on 'er ?" Young Tom Rook leered at the old man, and dropped one eye lid at Polly. ' You kin stake yer boots there, ole man. She's branded in two places." •" Bring 'im over," said Polly. '" Oh, you'll see 'Jm last enough, Polly. 'E's always muuchin' round with a gun an' a ugly spotted dorg.'ound." 'bhat evening, contrary to her usual habit, Polly, wandered away with Tom Rook, and under the influence of her sudden softness of mood, Tom told her much of the ways and whims of his boarder. At dawn next morning old nian fHart:' went away towards the mountains, taking with him some flour and salt meat. Polly and her two sisters put in the morning killing a beast. There they worked in the yard with bare arms, the warm blood clot ting to their naked feet. After dinner Polly rode away through the twisted eucalyptus trees on the trail of her father, out away from the old bush fence into the dry silent north-east. She had been riding for per haps half an hour listlessly apparently, but the eyes of this bush-bred girl were quick and sharp over every inch of the ground. Ihe dead leaves muffled the tread of her big bay horse, and he loped along like a camel. She pulled up suddenly, and drew into some water oaks, and watched something ahead of her silently. A big black and white pointer it was. He was working in a small circle, his big tail lashing his ribs, and his heavy black jaws were low on the grounu. A moment afterwards a tall young man came through the trees, his gun at half-rest.. The fresh bl..od flooded Molly's neck apd face, she drew in her breath quickly, almost afraid to breathe. This tall, good-looking young man, was stiange and good to look upon. Then her bay horse. '" Bounder," neighed and brought the man down upon her. " Hallo," he said, softly, "what are you in hiding for, my dear ?" She looked back at him defiantty. ', 'ain't none of your business," sh'e said. "No! Of course not. I apologise," and he smiled at her. Then she gathered a little pluck. " Are you Tom Book's boarder ?" she asked. " Yes," he said ; ' and who are you 2" "I'm Polly Hart." "Oh! Well, Polly, I am out shooting. Am I trespassing 1" She laughed nervously. "It's all right, I' guess. You can't do no harm," she an swered. He drew near and patted "Bounder's" neck. " I may come again, then.?" he asked. " yes! If yer likes to," she said. "I must be goin' now." She looked over his head suddenly, and her face grew scared. He turned also. " allo ! whose is the bauly-faced steer ?" "' Father's!" she answered, quickly. "Look out!. I must hunt 'im away. 'E ought,.'t to be hereabouts" She jumped her horse past him and started the bullock g sing. .She turned as she coiled her whip. " Good-bye. You.can come again if yer likes to." Gug Flinders waited till she was out of sight. Then he went in a big circle and, flanked that steer. He got within a iew yards, and the brand lay plain to him on the should'er, a big double O. " Well, I'm blowed !" he said. " Yes," he muttered. "' Yes i Miss Polly, I think I will 'come again if I hkes to.' " He did-come again next day. He rode up to the house and his filly was a "good 'un." The two elder girls snorted at him. Be was altogether too neat and tidy to their notion. So they took him out riding just to try his paces, and he surprised even these hard faced, hard-riding girls. They tried to shake him off over the dog leg fences, but it was child's play to the filly; and he enjoyed it and grinned to him self. Then they thounht t> "lose utm " in the scrub, but be was "on their tail" always. and very nearly lost them. After awhile he drew away with the red-haired Polly, and the other two got the sulks, and went home. Near the place where she hail, first met Flinders. I'olly pulled up. "You must go 'ome now. I'm goin' on," she said "C Oan't I come too 2" he asked. "No ! Y"5e can't." Their horses stood close together, nmd the man's eyes wee very soft. "Polly ? don't you like me !" he asked. She pulled at her horse's mane. "1 like. yer alright; but yer mustn't coma. There'd be the devil's own row." The next moment she was away. "'Whew l" he muttered. He rode care fully after her. Hlie tracked her cleverly, but she knew too much, and ten minutes later she "lost him" between two long spurs. So he rode home whistling. Polly was very absent-minded for days after. For nearly a week she saw nothing of this " new sensation" in her quiet life' She still went backwards and forwards to the old man-the hush of the dry bush about her. At length one Sunday morning he met her, and he was riding the bay filly. They walked their horses side by side, and, naturally, the acquaintance improved. Another time they met, but she would never let him ride home with her. at a certain point she always pulled up her horse. " You 'must go now-No ! Ga'rn !" " Let me home a little further, Polly." "No ! Yer musn't." "There naow ! Goo'-bye." He tracked .her again, but presently he lost sight of her. He rode on indiscreetly., In a clump of golden wattle she rode on to' him suddenly, her face fiming with anger. "Wot d'yer mean, yer sneak Yer fol lerin' me." She turprised him immensely. He blurted out: " Im so sorry, Polly." " See 'ere, don't yer foller me agin' or it'll be worse for yer," she cried. " Alright, Polly I" he said. "Well ! a, e yer goin' ?" He turned back laughing. "Yes; good. bye !" Polly rode on for another hour, gradually working to the base of the mountain. She followed no defined track; the lay of the country was enough for her. At length the bush thinned out, and through the gaps a rough "bumpy 'lay under some heavy bloodwoods. The old man Hart came out as she rode up. " Mornin' dad I" " Yer late," he said. She got off her horse and hitched him up. "See here, dad !" she said; "the new bloke was foxin' me." The old man swore. "Ain't you good enough to lose 'im," he said. "'!I'll find them yards, dad." "Not 'im." She turned to him earnestly, throwing back her heavy red hair; "I tells yer, dad, 'e's a bushman. 'E'll track me." "Polly I" said the old man; " we'll 'ave to do the 'telegraph.' It's getting close on our job now; we can't run no risks." Polly left for home late in the afternoon, and half-a-mile from her house Guy Flinders caught up to her. She was soft with him again now. They tied up their horses, and sat in the dead leaves. Guy Flinders was as usual riding about the bush. The afternoon was drawing it, and Polly had not come. He lay beside his horse in a clump of wattle, waiting. lie looked idly up through the tall straight trunks, but the listlessness left him suddenly. A man was riding down through the twisted ironbarks, an old man, and he was astride a three-cornered looking nag; as hard a look. ing case as himself. Flinders diopped down. Old man Hart stopped almost opposite him. He got ',ff his horse and buried a paper, scattering loose leaves over the place; then carelessly.be broke.a spall branch and lay'it near' 'the track. Flinders laughed to him self, thumning his feet softly on the ground. *' At last l-- Poor Polly I-It is a great pity.' He waited till the old man had gone. then he went quietly over and unearthed the paper. What he read surpised him, although he had expected something of the kind. " Meet me at ther yards, Sal an' Jinny. Polly, you stay to 'ome an' keep a good look-out. Gals, be at them yards at eight o'clock to-nite, an' don' bring no dogs, the mob will be up ther ter- nite." That was all. He buried the paper again and went after the old man, and, as the sun dipped behind the mountains, Flinders tracked old man Hart to the duling yards, and as he afterwards said : "It was as neat a 'turn out' as I ever saw in my life." At dawn next morning Guy Flinders and three mounted policemen rode silently to wards the home of the three girls. They skirted the bush, getting thereby within two chains of the hut. But under a tree Polly stood watching, her horse hitched up besideher. "That's her !" 'said Flinders to the ser geant. "Don't give her a show she rides like the devil." The three 'poliiemen ran quickly across the dead leaves, and they were within five yards before she turned and saw them. She cried out shrilly and jumped for her horse, but the big sergeant grabbed her. " Le' me go 1" she screamed. "Wot 'arm am I doin' " She struggled, cursing them, and they had to throw her down. Then they carried her, kisking and blaspheming, into the hut. The sergeant left a policeman to guard her, and joining Flinders, they gallopea awaytowards the dufing yards. At the edge of the clearing they stopped a moment, imnd the bellowing of steers came to them, and now and again the hoarse crying of the two bush girls. "Now !" said the sergeant. They broke cover, galloping hard for the yards; and as they came on the old man jumped across the yards, scattering the cattle. He got the top rail down and the next one jammed. The sergeant rode straight on to him. " Drop that rail, you are my prisoner !" and old man Hart, looking up the snout of the revolver. drew back cursing. Flinders olimbed on to the rail and looked at the steers. "It's all right, sergeant, they are my cattle, and see, that lot there have been The sergeant slipped the handcuffs on the old man. " Biff the pleeceman, dad," yelled Jinny, the eldest girl. She turned on Flinders: "Yer sneak, I always thought you was a pleeceman." "Say I Flinders, here comes the other girL" He turned quickly. Polly galloped madly up to him, riding bare-back. She umped off. "Oh, yer coward! yer cur! yer pleece man. Yer says yer loved me. Oh, my God 1" She stood under a wattle, grasping a bough above her. Fiinders turned away, his face very white. Truly he felt worse than a policeman in her eyes. "Bring him along, sergeant," he said hastily. They left two policemen to mind the cattle and turned away. Then Polly in her anger and grief shook the bough above her, and the golden blossoms fell in a shower about her. " Yer cur I yer pleeceman I" Then he turned to her: "I am no policeman," he cried out ; " I am Guy Flinders, owner of the B- Station, Queensland, and these are my cattle-your father has stolen." bhe looked at him a moment. " Ter takin' dad ?" she said. " Naturally," he answered. "An' yer ain't sorry ?" She waited an answer, her eyes alight, her hair lay in a heavy wave about her. " You are mistaken," he said, softly; "I am truly sorry." "Then er loves me, an' says that yer do ?" she cried. "'Old yer row, Polly I" said the old man. " It's too late now." " D'yer 'ear me ! D'yer 'ear me !" she cried ; and so she called after him, this man who had made her love him, until they dis appear.d in the bush. -AAetralaaian Pastoralists' Review. 