WILD E EL IN. HER ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES AND BITTER SORROWS. BY WILLIAM BLACK. CHAPTER XII.— (CONTINUED.) When he came to himself there was an old shepherd kneeling by him, and he felt something cold bound about liis brow. "Where is she? — where is she?" he said, ns eagerly as his dazed condition would per mit. ; "Down at the foot of the Brae, your lord ship," said the grey haired shepherd, with a solemnity that the younger mau had not the wit to perceive. "Ah, that's right!— that's right! Come away and show me!" hesaid, hastily; nnd lie' begnn to scramble blindly along by the boulders and through the undergrowth of weeds and bushes. "What an escape! Poor Carrie! I will shoot that d — d dog if it ever turns up again!" ho kept, mut tering to himself, ns lie pursued liis way; and then he stopped short, and faced round. "Who got her out of the water?" he de manded. "Me and thebit laddie tliat wns with me," replied the shepherd. "I've sent him up to the house to tell them, your lordship." "I know you," Mountmnhon said, peer ing at him. "You're one of Sir Charles Orme's shepherds. You're the shepherd up at Locliletter. Well, now my ancient friend, let me tell you that this has been a good day for you — a rattling good day! I'll buy a farm tar you, burn me in— if I don't! I'll buy a farm for you, and I'll stock it from end to end, and I'll put money to your name at the bank " and therewith he rapped out a number of oaths invoking curses upon himself if he failed to keep his word. "It would be more seemly, your lord ship," said the old man, in grave accents, "if ye would use ither language than that when ye are so near the presence of the dead." Ho uttered a cry. . "What is that you mean?— what is that?" he said, as if he could not realise what the words meant; and then he turned and went quickly on again; and presently there came in sight a strange object lying still and motionless on the space of greensward be tween the end of the Brae and the river bank. lie took to running now — for the way was more open. His arms were stretched out in front of liim. "Carrie!" lie cried, "Carrie! Carrie!" And when he had reached that heap of sodden finery — and the pallid features— and the poor limp hands — ho threw himself at full length beside the dead body, with howls of self-pity, and eja culations nnd appeals, and he passed an arm under her head to raise it, and he pushed back tlio wet hair from her face. "Carrie! Carrie!" lie called aloud, in a quite demented fashion. "Carrie, come back to me. ' Listen! — listen! Tlio doctors will bring you through; the doctors will put you all right; I'll have the best in Scotland, if it costs mo fifty thousand pounds! Carrie, can't you hear mo? Open your eyes a bit! Carrie, pull yourself together, old lass: you never wanted for courage!" And then he turned to the shepherd. "Away, man, away to the House and tell them!" he cried, in passionate incoherence. "It's doctors I want — we'll save her yet — run, man, run — tell them the waggonette — no, the dog cart — gallop every mile into Invergarva — and telegraph — telegraph — telegraph! For the love of God, man, telegraph!— telegraph! — it's doctors I want — fifty thousand pounds to hear lier speak a single word — run, man, run!" "I have sent to the House, your lord ship," said the shepherd. "Your lordship's friends will be here directly." "Friends? — I never had any friend hut her!" he cried, bursting into tears. "She is the only friend I ever had!" and again lie flung himself prone beside her, with moans of anguish, and he smoothed the wet hair, and kissed the pale lips, and held her cold hands in his two hot ones, as if he would convoy some life to her that way. When the men arrived from Kinvaig House, be bad blubbered and sob bed himself into a state of utter exhaus tion; he let them do with him what they liked; he protested no longer; lie clung no longer to his frantic make-believe; he seemed dazed, and listjess, and appeared hardly to know what was going on. An then, in silence, and with every mark of respect, tliey placed the body on the litter they had brought with them; and there was a sheet, too, to cover her over, so that the poor, pitiful finery ceased to flaunt itself; and in this manner they slow ly set out for Kinvaig House. And this was the dirge pronounced by the chief mourner, lie walking at the foot of the litter, and not hooding whether his maud lin and self-commiserating utterances were overheard or no: "She was the one that stood by me. She was the one that looked to my interests. Tlio rest of them would have sponged mo out of house and home, and robbed me right and left; but she kept stanch to me. If she had stood in with some of them, she might havo made a pretty penny for her self — the baccarat nights, when there was a glass of fizz going— she might have made a pretty purse for herself; but she stood by mo; she was too sharp for tlipm; she would have chucked the whole gang, rather than see me done. From the moment I took her from the liolls and married her, she was. true to me. She was lioiicst to' the bone. She looked after my interests first of all; and the skylarking, was-only- to pass the time. If I had been as stony broke as u stable lad gone wrong, .she'd have weighed in with hor wedding ringj that she would. And game she was; who would try to cheek her? Not one. They knew better — the whole crow of them. Carrie Milton— Carrie — all the fellows swore by her— a gay time it was. And now, poor wretch) for the sake of an infernal little devil of a dog; burn me in if I don't have him hallged to a tree if ever he turns up again. No shooting. A rope and a branch of a tree. And then he can kick his devil's dance in the air. And what is to happen to me now that Carrie Milton has left me? It's all over with mo now. I give in. I'm finished. "Carrie was the one to back me up." This- -will break me all to pieces. I'm no use now. Carrie, wns the one to stand by me—'.'. And so, with recurrent sobbing, and with tears running down' his flabby cheeks, he continued these maunderings and self pity- ings until the sad little procession reached Kinvaig House. Tiie women of the party, frightened, hung back in the hall; but the men roysterers came out to offer forced and awkward expressions of sympathy. He did not even regard them. He made his way through them; and went into the empty drawingroom and rang for his valet. -' "Hutchins," ho said, when that prim look ing person appeared, . "champagne — and plenty of it. I will lie down here for a while. Keep them out. Plenty, of cham pagne— I am broken to bits." He threw himself on to a sofa by the win dow, and the valet, leaving the room, was absent only a minute or two; when he re turned, he was accompanied by the butler, who brought with him a tray and a couple bf bottles of champagne and a glass, which, with much ceremony, he placed on a small table near the head of the couch. "Steele, go away," Mountmahon said, peevishly. And then he struggled up, and drank two or three glasses of champagne, one directly after the other; and then he let his head fall back on the cushion. "Hut- chins," he said, "I cau't stop in this house. I'm not up to it. It would kill me. My nerves are gone." He drank some more champagne. "I can't stay in this house. As soon as I've had an hour or two's sleep, I will go off to Invernish. I shall be at the Station Hotel. Tell Dawes he must attend to the funeral. Aud send a message up to the inn, that I want Phillips and O'Rourke to come with me to Invcrnish. I'm not fit to look after myself. No— not you; only Phillips and O'Rourke. Have my things packed. And the waggonette about Will He managed to swallow still some mm-fl champagne; and again the shortaronZil bullet head, with the pasty complexion nml considerably flushed, and the gooseberrefl eyes all congested, fell back on the cushion' l| "Go away now, Hutchins," he said ionwfl what drowsily. "I won't see anybody whl'il I leave for Invernish. Not a soul. Tell themfl to go to the devil. Dawes will attend to th!l funeral— no use bothering mo— everything fl right and proper— as swagger as he liW® everything right and proper— never mind® the cost— never mind the— never mind-" H Then there was silence; and Hutchin.il noiselessly withdrew; for his lordship v„fl asleep. fl CHAPTER XIII.— PLAYING WITH 9 FIRE. jfl From the top of the Castle hill at Inr».9 nish it is possible for one to discern-far® away in the south, beyond the most diBtant9 undulations of the ever-receding landscape,® it is possible for one to discern the square® towers and little corner turrets of West I minster Abbey; but then there are tions; to behold that incorporeal vision out® must have the pulsating blood of four-anj.H twenty, and the imagination of a poet, andfl a brain all afire with wild schemes' acd® dreams. Any ordinary mortal— not being ifl newly-emancipated draper's clerk, with va-B hement ambitions and wistful eyes— would® on this particular morning have noticed no-9 thing out of the coipmon, except, perhapv® that the wide- stretching country looked us® usually fresh and cheerful after the hanjl tain of the night. For already, at this early® hour, the skies had entirely cleared; the® azure dome was without a speck of cloud- M the trees were basking In the welcome® warmth; and the blue river raced down be.® tweeu its vividly green banks, washing high 9 along the grass, because of the swollen cot-® rent. But those twin towers, spectral and® pale, that rose above the dim horizon-.;!.® very-grey they were, and ethereal, and® ghost-like — appearing far away behind the® wooded uplands, and far away behind the® films of ultramarine that spoke of the Roug.® tains langed about Glen Urquhart and Bal-I macaan; well, who but one of all the in.® habitants of Invernish could summon upfl those phantasmal structures? And whit 9 lay between Archie Gilchrist and the fa.® mous shrine that seemed to stand at the® very world's end? Why, at the best and® happiest, nothing, less than the desperate® struggle of a lifetime, with all the chancti® of breakdown, and failure, and bitter re. nunciation. But then, if there were me® cess? If one could add one's name to the® proud roll of . England's writers? .- Other® prizes might go to other men, and welcome.® Love, wealth, power, even the self-gratifica'j® tion of philanthropy— he coveted none ot® these; but to sleep throdgh the centnriej'® with the mighty dead, surely that were no® ignoble rest, and in the meantime no ig.® noble aim, though one's existence were® burnt up by the flame of it. The foolish lad!— some one ought to have told him to® go back to his gallipotB— or at least to his® gum pot, and his pair of scissors, and hit® snipping of paragraphs. But these early® morning rambles, when he seemed, as it® were, to have all the universe to himsell,® were strange and solitary things; and pep® haps bis head had been a little bit turned® by his recent promotion; and after a night fl of persistent rain sometimes the air .is at ® tonishingly pure, so that quite impossibly® distant objeets may come within the sphere® of one's sight. Westminster Abbey— for a® recently liberated draper's clerk? The mad- 1 ness of the desire was pathetic in its way. I And this young man, witli all his passionate hopes and bewildering aspirations, was very® much alone. fl And the divine mystery and wonder of ® love: was that also to he renounced— to he fl cut out of the perfervid imaginings of t fl youth of four and twenty?. Yes, that alio. I The imaginings of a youth of four and ® twenty are rapid and eager; he had already ® constructed for himself the tragedy of hii fl life; in his outlook how could there he I aught else than tragedy? The "belle dame sans merci" had smiled upon him, to hii, B undoing; and she was free to work henrill with him, and he would not complain. Es I indulged in no illusions. He was not likely H to go to the poor old woman, living up at H Dingwall, and say to her: "Mother, my I worldly wealth consists of 30s. a week and ® a cart load of idle chimeras; nevcrthelesa H Miss Macdonald of Kinvaig has consented I to marry me; and don't you think yon should be proud of such a daughter?" On I the other hand, when Miss Macdonald of H Kinvaig, having amused herself for awhile® with this young newspaper man, should have sent him to the right about, would be I howl and rage and call for revenge? Not at I all. There was no trace of that arch- H ingrate, Claude Melnotte, in the nature of I the Invernish youth. Why, he had already I foreshadowed what was to happen to him I and her in these hopeless circumstances; H nnd the foreshadowing had naturally taken fl the shape of a bit of verse, for four and fl twenty likes to talk to itself in that way. fl He had even been at tiie trouble of dotting H the final e's, so that when his pathetic fl piece should hereafter come to be published fl the uninstructed might be guided intogiviag fl the proper pauses to the familiar French fl line: — fl LA BELLE DAME SANS MERCI. Through sunlight, rain, and sldnc, and mow, H And ever so many a year ago, fl What waB it that she did to me, fl La belle dame sans merci? fl No harm I did to her— a kiss, fl Or now and then were not amis; . ,.,fl But to stab deep — ah, that was she— fl La belle dame sans merci. fl And she goes singing on hcc.way— fl God send her many a happy day! H For heart strings broken she must not tee, La belle dame sans merci, .. fl All this was a very pretty fancy, and could fl have done no harm to anyone concerned, iifl it had stopped with the writing of veises; fl but here, on Invernish Castle hill, the hero fl of this undeveloped tragedy.. was. engaged.in.fl asking himself at what hour that afternoon it would be proper for him to call on the two ladies at Glengarva House, and he waifl wondering whether he could induce Miss® Macdonald to co-operate with him in a cer- tain small literary project. He did not stay fl to reflect that there is such a thing as play-® ing with fire. fl It was about half-past four on this same fl day . that Wild Eelin — who was not at all ejB "belle dame sans merci"; no, nor anything® like that; Archie Gilchrist would have got® nearer tho mark if he had recalled the Shop- ® herd's rhyme about "My love's she's but a fl lassie yet" fl She's neither proud nor saucy yet, fl She's neither plump nor gaucy yet; fl But just a jinkin, bonriie, blinkin, fl Hilty, skilty lassie yet. | — well, Miss Eelin, finding herself' alone in1 the house — for her mother had gone to PW a call, and most of the maids had been al lowed a half holiday so that they might at tend certain Highland sports tbat were tab ing place in the neighborhood— Miss Eelin | considering that she had worked lonlj enough at the stitching of a blue grey blow' that she was economically making for her self, thought she would get out .of doors ana. have a little exercise. Just round the cor-, ner from her bower of honeysuckle and roses, and in the midst of 'a 'grove of tall; beeches, there was hung a swing; and wbca she had comfortably seated., herself, >M forthwith proceeded to kick herself into the air. But she was a skilful performer; it was no ordinary feat she was bent on; and terrestrial aid was soon dispensed with i U altogether too ignominious. What she bad set her mind on was to touch with her toea a certain projecting branch of a lime tree opposite her; and this she aimed at by means of the well-known trick— that is t» say, on the backward rise she pulled hewf up by the arms so that she was hardly seated at all, then when the chair came down again she shot out her legs horizon tally, with a final upward spring as u s» wquld fling herself to the zenith. (To be Continued.) A graphic description of the Sydney agncaltanl show appeara in the farm and »tation depart® of this week's iaue of "The Leader, by a apecwi , reporter of that journal, giving some very _iowrflj Ing particulars to ail connected' with agxiculww gatherings of this kind. 