NOTES AND COMMENTS. BY SMILEB. The Federal election is now over, and the most important news item in con nection therewith is the action of Mr Beid, Premier of New South Wales This gentleman has virtually signed his own death warrant as a politician, for even his most ardent admirers must confess that he has bshaved in a most dastardly manner throughout the contest. When he thought the people of his colony were in favor of the bill he posed as its champion, but when he fancied that public sentiment had taken a turn in the other direction he threw principle, honor, manliness, and character to the winds, and went back on the very bill which he had only a few weeks previously lauded to the skies as a perfect measure. His action brings back to memory the lines of that most sarcastic old song— But whatsoever King shall reign, Still 'I'll' be the Vicar of Bray, sir. * * * * George Reid is a clever man, and an able politician, but he is as shifty as a wild cat and as unreliable as a donkey in a dust storm. Had he stood firmly on one side or the other he would have ranked second to no public man in all broad Australasia, but now—now that he has shown what a petty selfish, timeserving sycophant he is there are few so mean in this great country as to do him reverence. Qe has undermined his own future, wrecked his own chances, blasted his own possibilities, and manufactured his own monument, and behold it is made of mud. He is well named, for never did a reed bend to each passing gale more readily than he has done, and before long the people will throw him aside contemptuously as they throw away a toy that has dis gusted them—Vale Beid. * * * * Possibly the biggest coalition that history has ever known is now pending, for Great Britain, Canada, Australia, and America may ere long be bound together in an offensive and defensive alliance. Some idiots may attempt to sneer at the inclusion of Australia in such a combination, but the great statesmen in the mother land are not built that way j they know that though today Australia has neither army or navy, she will have both in the future, and the old land now realises that it is better to be backed by her colonies like a grand old matron by her sons, than to rely upon the tricky faithlessness of continental Powers. The colonies must federate, and then, harrah for a combined Australia, ready and willing to take a chance with Britain against all comers. Three flags are waving in the breeze, That all the world may sse A mother and her stalwart sons Beneath one family tree. God help the foe on land or sea When those flags wave unfurled. Great Britain and her boys are game To face an armed world. Our fathers raised the Union Jack Sky high at Waterloo; At Inkerman and on Alma's heights How proudly that banner flew 1 ;The Stars and Stripes and the Union Jack Kiss with each passing breeze; The mother and her eldest boy Hold the empire of the seas. And Young Australia's standard Blends with the mighty pair, For the boy stands close to his mother Whan there's trouble in the air. And if we face a world in arms, When Australia faces Spain We won't forget the crimson debt And * the murder * on the * Maine. * Yesterday per favor of the post a letter came to me containing some particulars concerning the private life of a mau who recently signed his own passpo:t across life's border. The writer of the letter with a devilish kind of glee asked me to make the information public through the liberty allowed me by the proprietor of this journal in this column. I want the writer of the letter "to understand that I think him a despicable car. No decent journalist ever yet defiled his pen with the secrets of other men's private lives, and if my bread and butter depended upon it I wonld not sioop to the level of a social scavenger to win it. I feel certain the editor will sanction the insertion of these remarks in order that they may },rove a check to others who may feel cowardly and mean. enough to follow the example of my correspondent. I am glad to receive any item of interest, any little bit of bona-fide news, but I want no hearthstones dug up and flung at my door, and if the editor will pardon the expression I want to say that I think any fellow who will so demean himself o be a skunk, and if a dog of mine ere to bite him I would swap the dog away for a second-hand shirt-cuff and light the morning fire with the rag. # # * # In spite of the immense amount of gold now being won year by year from the soil of this colony the Government is getting a mighty small percentage of the same for governing purposes, as pretty nearly all the profits" go out of the country, and what is still worse, most of it goes out of Australia, so> that in spite of our natural wealth we are on the verge of poverty point. Parliament will meet very shortly, and something must be done to alter the existing state of affairs would suggest that when a piece of new country is found and a lease applied for, a block not exceeding 48 acres be granted and the adjoining block a?3d every alternate block of the same area be absolutely* the property of the Government. If this were done, then the country as a whole would benefit by the discovery of its native riches and we would not then need to be taxed as we now are for all we eat, and all we wear. Let us suppose that such a system had been in force when the Boulder was discovered Every alternate foity-eight acres of that rich ground would now be the pro perty of the public instead of being entirely in the hands of a few millionaires in London. The Govern ment could let such ground. for a number of years on tribute and month by month, year by year, the Treasury would be enriched by the products of the soil. Sir John Forrest might do far worse than give this scheme his closest attention. If he to-day had such a source of revenue upon which to draw, we would not now have to pay through the nose for the common necessities of daily life, neither would we have to pay exorbitant rates on our railways, nor would we have to go, cap in hand, outside our borders d w n to raise money for great public forks. * * * * There is another way whereby the Government can make certain of yearly revenue, viz, the letting of land in new townsites instead of selling the same. " Here is an instance—Just outside of Kanowna proper, is a gully known as Golden Valley. A movement is now on foot to get the Government to proclaim this a town site. Let the Premier lay out a town and 'let' the blocks ; not sell them. The people then become the real landlords and the Government of the day is only the steward for the time being. By SQ doing we legislate not for ourselves abne but for posterity. We shall then have a fixed revenue and not a boom one year and a famine the next. We will then see land honestly occupied and built upon, and not merely held for speculative purposes by absentee land jobbers, who care absolutely nothing for the pro greBs of the fields or the comfort of the men, women, and children who reside thereon. * * * * Sir John Forrest has proved himself in the past to be a daring leader of thought, a big-hearted, large-brained politician, whose me 1 hods have not always been understood and whose motives have not always been trusted on the goldfields. He has lived a lot of that down, and he would easily outvote any other one man on the fields at the present moment. Let him, therefore, take hold of such schemes as those mentioned above, and he will find that the bone and the brain of the back country will stand to him. We have buried the hatchet for our Sir John, The goldfields embrace the coast ; The feast of reason is spread, Sir John, And we haven't invented a ghost. Take a bit off the customs quietly, John, Let the railway tariff slide down, Then the goldfield boy in his Sunday suit Will come courting the girl in town. You want 'em to wed, now, don't you John, And to see the cradle grow full; But the goldfields' boy won't come courting, John, If the girl has him tight by the wool. 