KATHLEUN'S engagement. Tagger. Phaser xix ' XT is like looking forward to ji? one's execution,' poor, Knt tie herself thinks, fooling thnt the iupvitalbp is drawing nearer ana nearer with every ticii ox too clock. 'It is Svorso . than any execution, for that would bo over soon j -but tliis— — ' And 'tlio..: (lays slip by ; the "capricious April weather wpops muriy tears, and melts away the snow and trips to raiso tho crush-' \ ;cd and smitton- daffodils. The Colonel spends his days amidst: tho "fjow'orsi;arid .plants. Valentino divides riiis time be tween. his horses arid stolen meet ing with Annie. Carlton, nud brings his lovo- to tea at Castle Troy, and makes ICattie. order the tea up to tho. .turret-room in -the old Castle, and all arc happy and contented 'except tho. tall pale girlc who is beginning to look like the ghost of Knttie O'Grady. Mr. Slultery, sleek and joyous, journeys so often to rind from Dublin that lie must be mating tho-.fortuhos of tliei shareholders if-- the Great Southern and \Y; sL- ern Railway. , He. travels first- class too, and never .thinks now that: his father once ran bare-foot in the street o.f . Shanayohcr, and that his iiiothcr untir very late years sorted and gathered cinders .out of Iho asli-pit with her own hands, and would do it still; if she dared, and mayhap d.oes so when her sou is'rtway from home — Coil, who was brought up to ho a gentleman, and got such a .. beatiful education "in Trinity College. Poor old Mrs, Slnltory ! In lier heart slio hates the great hoipso. in Mcrrion Square,, and fears rind dreads her servants. It is a misery to her to sit with her toil-worn hands/ idlo in her lap. her- fingers itch to bo collecting the bits and scraps, to be selling the dripping and counting tlio po tatoes, for now she considers all is waste and confusion. She docs as much stinting and screwing as she dares — tho ruling passion is still very' strong — arid she gloats oyer n roll of notes as big as a muff which is hidden in n. press. The roll of .notes is. tho, result of much scraping and screwing out of the housekeeping money— the lavish allowance, her sou hands her every week — a weekly dole so magnificent that it would- have kept tho whole family in tho old days of Shannvohprforsix months or more — tho days when old Slat tery crawled and wriggled and cringed, when Colonel, O'Gradv mortgaged the very titlo-dcods of the property — llic title-deeds that HU » U ULLIJ UUli|jUt UtHK. \> 1111 ll'tirc of blood, and riro to bo handed to tho Colonel on Ifattic's wet'd'ng- dny after. tho maniago ceremony. Tho great gloomy houso in Mcrrion Square, with its brass plate rinnouiacing that therein resides i.i'Mf; Cornelius Slattoi-y, attorney, is renovated from topt» bottom ; gilding, carpets, mirrors, electric light and oleotric bells — all have been looked after or pro vided, and; are of the very best. Old- Slnttery's" money is being scattered broadcast. With black mittens on her grimy hands, to make them nppear like thoso of a ' l&dy;, Mrs. Slattery, who is long ing, io.. bo ..washing the pots, and pans herself, '-listens and. gazes in in amazement. It is like a dream come tmp— Con, her darling, her idol, to. many a real lady, and the prettiest,, girl in the county of Cork !r _ - ..But oh,, the sinful waste, tho wicked extravagance— the green house and :lio conservatory cram med with flowers and palms and fems from a florist's," the stables nil spick and span— stables and horses, -.when Mr. Slnttery'sfnther had 'driven gleefully in his youth in an 'ass's car' ! And now there stands Con, talking of the pair of enmnga horses that Yul O'Grady is looking out for him, of the riding horso, with perfect manners ' for liiaUuturo wife, and the brorighririi'lrindtbolniuUm'-are they liot chosen qfT thci very best? Anil she henrshimssy that Kath leen is to bq presented' at Dublin . Qfetje?": Mi?;. Slattery, gasps.. Is v it Con's ivife- to : mix with the highest in the. land— Con, whose father rose from nothing at- all-? 'You'll hiivo to turn out of this, piotii-ay her.plerisant son remarks one day. ' Knltio and I couldn't Jiavo yqu n o.tsing round,. scraping th rbones an 1 disgracing us. I will take a little liouso for you at the North Side, and you can count the 'caudle-fends there as much as you. please; but,' and his little eyes look cruel — ' you'll have to act trip, lady when you coino to Mci'riun Square, I can tell yo,u !' 'Olt, Con, your own mother?— and tears course freely down, the careworn face thai has ever worn a smile for him — 'your own mo ther tliut toiled, mid slaved .and worked cn mo bended knees to send you to Triiffty-nriff miffcc a gentleman -of you, mid now to got the turn-out ! Well; -I'll go'— drying her to..rs. '' I'll not trou ble you much, Con ; only I - did tliink I would bo il help to your young wife, that conies of mi- ex travagant race— just- to give her an idea of tho value of money and saving.' ' Stbpjthat!' Mr. Sljittery says roughly. ; 'My wife will have over two thousand a .year to 'spend'; and she nan ,cuf a dasli, and needn't follow year menu ways. And I am doing well my self, too, ' laying by. as' my father did, and Kattio never need do a hand's turn for herself. 'Oh, 'Very well— I'll go!' she answers in a mortified, tone, nud then, as", she retires thiukiag of tho roll of notes ns.b.igns n muff, '.Maybe you.'ll live, to wish, that your wife' could spye as well as spend.' ctlaiteil xx. Tun great charity 1 all is ill full swing at Unfferly's ballroom in Slianavoher. It is a very useful room and answers a variety of purposes — Blind League meetings, meetings of tho town commis sioners, who forget what tho ' nvct for and discuss politics, and wind up with a furious melee, in which forms and chairs come in handy as offensive and defensive wea pons, arid -personalities arc- freely interchanged Upon other occa sions local -theatricals take place hi tho .same building, or wander ing opera-companies engage the room for a week. Prayer-meet ings ami concerts tyre.. held, there too, nnct banquets now and thou given to one of tho Irish Mem bers of Parliament. To-night Riifferty's ballroom is a blaze of light, and Euffcrty's staircaso is covered with red cloth hung with Chinese lantern. Tn tho chill spring twiiight car riages arc rolling up thu street and depositing their burdens at the front door, where, before an admiring crowd, composed' chiefly of the rag-tag and hoh-toil of Shanavohor, the quality run the gauntlet of. good-humoured ad- iiiiralion and free comment on their dress and personal appear- ance. Valentino O'Gradv, looking very handsome and as if he had a good opinion of himsulf, passes with Iuittio on his arm ; the girl is a vision of shimmering white, her star-liko eyes gazing straight before her and her lips gravelv closed, while behind lipr walks her future lm»b mil. A cho' us of exclamations greets tho party. 'Oh, isn't Miss O'Grady lovely? Look at- her now ! Long life to yon, miss ! And Master O'Gra dy, ho do look nice! "Well, small 'blame to him ! Isu'the an O'Grady?' And- ri louder voice than the rest exeluinis — ' Wjslin,' boys — -will yn look at little Con Slattery amongst, the gintrv, and my father, and bis furst-'cousiiis ! Sliuro it's in there. I ought to bo too !' A burst of Laughter follows this seliy, as Mr. Slattery with a furious glare and a crimson face, stumbles up tho staircase, devout ly hoping Kathleen has not heard. She lms hoard . every syllable; but what does, it matter? Feol- ings and heart are seared as with a red-hot iron— nothing can hurt her now. Ah, poor ICattie ! A confused sound' of mingled shouts and 'shrieks, a trampling and a scrambling, divert attention from Mr. Slattery, rind 'the 'crowd turn eagerly to: witness tho new excitement. One of tho vehicles Known as an 'ineido ear'; has opine to grief. The 'inside, orir';. is upside down ; dozens of peoplo aro shouting riiid. yelling. : A wholo string of crirririgea is kept waiting, arid screams, muffled pud prolonged,' and proceeding from the. wreck. Well may the occupants scream ! One stout mail and four stout fe males are iri tli.o dark and dismal depths of tho reversed 'inside car.' \ Prosontly, owing to tho. .super human efforts of . the bystanders, they cinergo one by ono— angry, tearful, and dishevelled. ' Share, it's tho Doctor !' cries a yoico. . Doctor O'Hara it is indeed,; and Mrs! O'Hara — in. a crimson! sntin, now, alas, sadly stained, with mnd ! — an 1 the three Misses .0' Hum, hysterical, bruised, and shaken ' It was the band beneath the animal — it broke!' sobs Mrs. O'Hara, explaining the accident in proper tcrnis for tho benefit of any ono and every one. Tho doctor however docs riot stop to choose lib words. Sir Thomas Carlton's vocabulary might almost find a rival iu that of Doctor O'Huru at tiffs crisis. ; Even tow Sir Thomas Carlton's carriage is pulled up while the overturned "inside car" stops the way, and, Sir Thomas himsulf, half oift of the window, is roar ing at his coachman at the very top of his voice, and ordering him to proceed and stop still ut, llie same time, and shouting, for the police to clear away, thu crowd. Inside the boll-room, which has been tastefully decorated for the oneusiou 'the elite of. the country are dancing and prancing away to the music, of the East Cork Militia. And, wha.t -with palms and ferns and mirrors inid- art-draperies, tho scene is extremely festive. Every one says that Kathleen O! Grady is the. prettiest girl in tho room ; but what has become of her smiles and laughter?. "Why does she seem, so listless ' and indifforent?.TIien across the room the girl sees suddenly a face, into into tho eyes of which a look of gladness, and for a moment the room, seems to sway around. ..as her eyes meet that eager' glance. Slio knows — ah, she knows full well — that he has not .forgotten her, oven before she hears , his voice.at- her side, glad and ^exul tant, ns ho takes her bandf J ' Hnvo I surprised you ?' . You did not think I was coming . , to duuee with you to-night ?' - ' " Oh, the poor frozen sniile, the low.ered eyes, the painful 'struggle for composure, as she tries, to answer him ! , . 'Are yon ill?', be asks quickly. ' You have turned so piilo !' ,. Lot me. get you; some winp.k.prspriie-'; thing.' ' „ ' No — it is nothiugp tho ; room is v.ery warm,' she says in a dow voioo, not looking up, ;yet,-.know- iug that his eyes arq: eagerly searching her faoe-— her. ;pqqr, tell-tale, unhappy face. " It. was : a cruel . fate, ;.that brought Guy Joeclyn': hervto-. "night ! v ' I did not know , you;ffvwcrb ' coming,'. she fultcrs at last; and for a moment lib can see tho sor rowfulness of- her .eyes, tho pathetic jjroop ;gf. her eyes that he.romeuibprsiso well. : ''Poor little soul,' he thinks; nil tlieso, money troubles have made her wretched !' Bending towards her and laying his hand bpffier programme, 'May I ?' lie nslcs soft! j',. and. scribbles his name pretty frequently. Then he pe'reinptorily says 'conic,' and leads her .through -the crowd, past Mrs. Burke, who, radiant in her pearl coloured satin, nods a de lighted; approval, xinff into one of tlio .jipoks' ' ostensibly set apart for loyers.;: '.Noiy this is snug,' Cap-' taih Jocolyri remarks oliperfully, settling liis: companion in'oue easy .cli(tir:;;and himself iu another. 'You don't want -to dance this, arid: we can have a talk'; , it is so long siiico I have seen .you, ,von know.' 'Yes — a longtime;' and for her life she could not keep back tho sigh that accompanies the words. ' And how is Sam?' ho asks. She smiles now, but it is such a wan weary smile. . ' Dear old Sam — lio is quite well!' Captain Jooeiyu's faco grows grave, for he rintiqes that she lias grown thin. How fragile she looks in her white dress, how slim and frail are her buro arms; arid her cheeks have lost their old fail- roundness nud colour; ' Hnvo yon been ill, . Kattie ?' —for the first time calling lier by lier name. She docs not chide him, for her wholo lienrt: is thrilling re- sponsivcly to the . soft, tones of his voice; but she raises her head and looks at him iiow. 'No— not ill; ,htit pernops you know— you might have heard— it was in the iie wspupers — the sale of Castle Troy, is what I mean., " ,y ' Yes; hut Eily;tells mo, fliot, thaTis'all riiglflf;-?' ; YoiYmusfnot fret about it; it'has quito'pullc'd you down.' , ; . Every word tortures ber, every ono of his questions makes it appear more awful, more horrible, that sooner or litter lie must know of her engagement. : . 'You knew would come back ?' ho is whispering in tender pitying tones, drawing his chair a littlo nearer to. lipr, loving her rill the more for this new fragilo beauty, and believing that per haps it was true, what. Mrs Burke had said— that Kutie wasfrettirig .thrit she cared fori him. ' She does not spenlc riow— the colour has crept into.-' Hbr oheeks. -Gently, peruasiv|ly; 'for one brief moment, his hand , just toiiohbs hers. , 'lobnldn't gotiqway. sooner; my old aunt, you- kuow, litis a gjrent deal in i civ? power; rim ;t6.;bo her heir, arid; must be civil i-T-you undei-stund thnt, don't you?' — smiling into -tlio pitiful eyes, . that look so darkly blue in the dim light. . 'Oh, yes!', Knttie returns bravely,' with a half- hysterical smile. 'One should always .bo civil to rich relatives.' tit means everything to me/ ho says pointedly. 'It may mean everything, 1 ought to say. Of courso I do not know yet, but we were very happy last summer — weren't wo ?' ' Yes,' she whispers, with white lips. 'It was tlic happiest summer of my life,' lie goes on ; and again his hnnd lightly touches hers, and she withdraws her trembling fin gers. 'Kattio, did you get my little sprig of white heather?' ' Yes,' is all_ she can say. 'And you know what it meant?' he is. asking tenderly, for he can see she is trembling, when a figure darkens the doorway and a voice exclaims — . ' Oh, here' you are ! My dance next ; you won't forget ?' Then Mr. Slat tory departs and Guy Jocolyn turns oneo moro. to his companion. ' Surely yon are not going to danoe with thut cad ? Balls of this sort sre so mixed.' There is a moment's pause, then Knttie raises a face tho awful pallor of which appals him. ' I am engaged to that cud ' slio says in a voice that ho can scarce ly recognise. ' Well, don't dance with liiin — throw him over; he is not fit for you to dance with. Give me the right to choose your partners!' ho adds, taking both her hands into his keeping. All his lifo will he remember the pain and misery in the girlish face, the hnrd bitter tones of the spcoeh that take away all his happiness at.- once.' ; 1 Captain 'Jocelyn, you don't understand:' I— I nm engaged to he ninrried to Mr. Slattery.' Tt is done — tho words areFnid. Wilh.her heart beating wildly, slio sees the colour leave his face and all the tender light die out of his eyes. : ' Yoii are' joking,' he whispers in a changed vuice, standing up as she rises unsteadily to her feet. . . 'It is quite true,' Kathleen says in tho same stony manner. 'And this— this inarriago is your own wish ?' lie asks. . ' Yes.' It is a falsehood, and slip knows it; yet she looks into tho face of tho man. whom she has smitton to the heart. The blue eyes that have wept such bli ding tears often and often over the V withered spray, of heather, are dry and stony, now. . His faco is convulsed with .emotion, his< voice hoarse with passion, when he speaks. ' Then I need not have come hereto-night!' \- How much she loves him. she realises only now, as slip sees him cut and wounded to the heart, with anger in hia. eyes, that gazo reproachfully down into hers. ' ' A ipoment ngo she had scqmqd so .near to/ him, almost his very own, inid. now thoy rifp as fnr apai't ns .if eternity had' rolled betwecn'thcm.- ! You will allow mo. to offer my congratulations?!." -ho says bitterly. "Her lips qaiver at tlio coh- tempt of ffis voice. But it. is better so — hotter than that .other winning .tono- enfiier to bear; And to liirn sho nppenrs only hard and cold and unfoeling. ' Please talco me back !'— and her voico is quite devoid of eirio- tion. : He gives lier his arm in siloneo, and together they pass into the light and mix with, tho crowd. And then Mr. Slattery ap proaches. ' Our daneo now, Kathleen !? Looking sternly and quickly at his companion, Guy Jocelyn sees the expression of misery and repugnance on the girl's face ; and then for a moment sho raises the blue eyes he has thought of so, often uud gives him a look of mute hopeless farewell — a pleading for forgiveness. But thcro is no answering look in tho man's gray eyes, only con demnation. 'Ho can think of no thing but his own suffering, his own unbearable 'disappointment. 'Good heavens, Guy, what is the matter? Your face is abso lutely gray !' exclaims Mrs. Burke, who having given her husbaiui tho ono dance he always claims, has seated herself beside her bro ther. . 'I must speak tq you, Eily,' ho returns, and tlicy move away to gether. .... Something- lias happened. No man could look as he is lookinguf ho had not received a shook. And —though burning' with, curiosity —she waits for. him tell his story in his own way, ' Why did you bring mo hero on this fool's errand:?' ho asks in u savage" whisper. -'Why didn't you toll me that sho was going to be. married ?' Mrs. Biirke staresffii wonder, ' Going to ho married, Guy ? I never knew it.' 'Well, I have it from her own lips, and I supposo tlfot is good enough.' ' But who — who is . it ?'— a little incoherently.'.' ' Oh, there is the happy brido- groom l' ho answers bitterly, as Kattie passes near them with Mr. Sluttury. ' lie doesn't look up to much— does he ?' ' Why, that is that Mr. Slat tery who was going to sell the O'Grady's out of Castle Troy ! Oh, Guy, believe me, I never heard a word of this ! It surely isn't true?' 'It is true!' — in ffow hitter tones. 'I thought it was nil right; and thcu— don't look so wretched, Eily— she toi'd ine thut she.wasto marry- tliat Mr. Slat tery; and my belief is that she hns.no moro heart or feeling than a' stone;!' ' I nm sorry!' Mrs. Burke's brown eyes fill with tears. 'I always thought she cared for'You, Guy. I know she did ; aud this must bo some sort of: made-up mutch Oh' — Mrs. Burke begins to soo daylight— 'sho is marrying that man to save tho O'Gradys from ruin ! 1 am sure of it, Guv! Poor, poor Katie!' in stinctively flying with lenps and bounds to conclusions., TO BE COXTIXUEn.J , 