THE MEMORY OF A SIN. ...? {V- ??.????? 'CHAPTER I. I 1 - . 'OK, Kitty, Kitty I ft fine pasa we have -oorao to! Can't you help mo out of this trouble, littlo pussy-cat? Surely you can j those great, mysterious eyoa of yours look bo cunning and wise, as if they understood all tha secrets of up above and down below, 'Ah I vou koet) kissincr mo with that rough little tongue of yours, just to snow how sorry you feol for ino. But tlmt Von't help me, Kitty ; that won't keep ray father from gambling with Count Tarona! These small, soft paws arc all yelvot to mo ] but if he came in, would tho sharp olaws creep out? Yes, I know they would; and you would curve up ? your back and hiss at him — that bad Count Tarona I' With a quick-caught sob and shrink ing movement of aversion, as if seeking protection from tho mere name of the man she disliked, Amory Sapte buried her face in the black hair of her ono friend and familial1 — a Persian tabby, who first licked the girl's cheek and then laid a soft, velvety paw on the Bhining hair, ' At that mute caress littlo 'Sweet Sevonteen' raised her head, and tho tears wrung from her sad heart sparkled on the Persian's silky coat, 'Sweet Seventeen,' weeping in the ? dancing sunshine, among the gay, nod ' ding flowers and singing-birds, was a oharming sight, dospito its incongruity, She was such a protty littlo maiden, just morging into tho I'ounds and curves of womanhood, whoso shy awakoning power already darkened tho blue eyes, veiled with dark lashes. Her hair, short cropped, curled in shades of golden brown all over her hoad, and outlined the broad forohoad with a ruddy, golden hnzo, while a gentle, religious calm — tho shadow of her nunnery training — rested upon her oval face and touched tho red lips, usually smiling with tho sunshine of a happy heart, but now gravo with a sorrowful disquiet. Amory Sapte's fathor, Colonel Sapte, since his retirement from a smart cavalry regiment, had made his homo at the Villa Molda in Floronce, Here, some seventeen years before, he had brought his invalid wifo, hoping that the fresh air might arrost the deli oaoy which had attacked her lungs. Unfortunately these precautions were of no avail ; for, after Jingoring two years in the terriblo torturo of exhaustion, she passed from him, loaving an imago of horself — her little daughter Amory — to fill tho vaoant chair in the hitherto happy household, For a whilo Colonel Sapto waa quito . broken- heortod, Ho had loved this woman, who had . been as a strong wino, exhilarating and ombracing liis woak, pleasure-loving na .turo, and when her iniluonce was re moved, like a rudderless boat, ho drifted ?? aimlessly along, until caught by the whirlwind of gambling, which seized him with irreaistablo force and was now rapidly sweeping him onward to his ruin, Amory was ton years of age when hor mother died — old enough to remember word for word that mother's last charge, and to treasure it deep in her hoart, 'Take oaro of your father for me, my little Bettina j I leave it to you when 1 am gone to comfort him in his lonliness, and to fill his life with happiness. That is all I want you to do for me, my darl isg-all.' When sho waa gone, as the years pas sed by, those words quickened tho wo* man's protective lovo just dawning in \- the ohild's nature, and the littlo figure, in whoso heart boat tho desire to be true to her charge to comfort her father, would creop into his study, longing to throw her anna round his neck and kiss 1 away the lines of worry and trouble which now furrowed hia face, but its sternness frightonod horj and at tho short, sharp words; 'Run away now, . child, I am busy ; never como hero unless I8end for you,' sho would slirink back, and, with catching bvoath, rush out into the garden, where sho would sob into the kitton'a ear how sho wanted to lovo fathor and make- him happy j but he didn?t want her, and mothor would bo angry» . Tho sorrow, soro as it was, did a bravo work, for it kept tho little soul alive and tondor with lovo. For days and days in quiet patience she would wait, for a kindly word, a touch of the head, or tho ghost of a smile, and then, when tho caresa was given, lived on its remembrance in a rush of joy un til another wns bestowed. At last came a day when Colonel Sapte awoke from tho legnrthy of grief to the fact that his daughter was growing tall, and required an education more varied and comprehensive than that she was re ceiving at a small school close by. Relying on his own judgment, he con sulted no on& on the matter, but sent her to the convent school kept by the Sisters of St. Katharine, at Milan! Thore she remained until she had passed her sixteenth birthday, when she return ed homo to the Villa Molda. During these happy uneventful years she rarely over saw her fathor, and when sho did, only for a few moments at a time Hia handsome, manly presence fascina ted the littlo maiden and banished tho fear of olden days. To her he was a hero in nobility and gallantly, falling little short of King Arthur of Round Table fame, Meanwhile, ignorant of the godlike character ascribed to him by his little girl, Colonel Sapte passed the time tra velling from one country to another with his boon companion, Count Tarona, a man of anciont family, but' of low, dis sipated habits— a man who lived by his wits and upon his friends. Completely dazzled by the brilliance of this clever scoundrel, Sapte led from one excess to another, until all sense of honor was deadened, and ho became as wax in the hands of a villainous moulder, But with all his faults, Colonel Sapte was a kind father. Until the crash waa inevitable, he hid his besetting sin from Amory's knowledge. Then, deserted, dunned by the man who had professed to be his friend, he turned in his despair to her for comfort, and owned' that he owod Count, Tarona' so largo a gambling debt that it was impossible to meet it,and that his other creditors had' demanded immediate payment, threatening arrest in default. The blow to the girl's faith and trust was terriblo ; her disillusion piteous. At first she hardly understood the downfall, for tho need of immediate ac tion for a whilo cast it in the back ground, and broke the intensity of her pain. (To bo continued.) 