fraks m& f hftrhrs. PDBLISUED BY SPECIAL ARBAKGt-M&£T. IN THE GRIP OF HATE, By A. W. MARCHMONT, Author of 'By Right of Sword,' ?? A Heritage of Peril,' ' Sir Jaffray'a Wife,' ' The Mystery of Mortimore Strauge,' ' By Whose Hand ?' ' Tire Old Mill Mystery,' ' Miser Hoadley'a Secret,' &c.;, &c.; COPVRIGUT. Chapter XIV.— A New Arrival. In the morning Mercy was very angry with herself for what she termed her weakness of the preceding night. She had stayed with Lallu instead of going to her own room ; and though she passed a scared and almost sleep less night, only getting snatches of Bleep in the early morning when utterly worn out, she rose in much better spirits. ' I cannot understand how I can have been so foolish and weak as to allow myself to be deceived in that way about the footsteps. It is all nonsense,' she said to herself over and over again in different phrasings. ' Sec, Lallu, what a lovely morning,' she cried, pulling aside the curtains and throwing open the window. ' Look at the sea, how bright and beautiful. Away with your gloomy thoughts and morbid fancies. Oat of bed with you, and come and pay homage to the sea. You and I should love it at any rate, for it joins our lands together. There's a thought for you,' and she laughed. ' I'm off to dress— that is, if I can only find what that' ayah of yours has done with my things.' But the Indian girl was not to be roused. She lay still, pleaded a headache and disin clination to get up, and said she would have her breaklast in bed. Mrs. Roca was also disinclined to get up, and thus the Colonel and Mercy breakfasted alone together. Conversation was not easy between them. ' I hope the air made you sleep well,' he said once. ' Not very well. Perhaps I was overtired ; and I had a queer little experience ; and she told him about the bat. ' That is a very peculiar thing — a sign of great good luck,' he said, smiling. 'I hope you believe in the omen.' ' I don't think it was a sign of anything except that I opened the window and stood in the way of the poor thing's flight. Oh, and by the way, what is the locked room next to Lillu's. I hope there is no mystery about it, because she's a most sensitive girl, and very superstitious.' ' There's no mystery : one can't call it a mystery. The simple fact is, that it was io that room the late occupant of the house died, and I've not yet had the place painted. It's so difficult to get workmen out here, you see.' The news gave Mercy a shade of un easiness. ' How did he die ?' she asked indiffer ently. ? ' Really I don't know. I suppose in some of the usual ways. I believe he was found dead in the room one day. He was a very eccentiic man— very eccentric.' ' No question of foul play, I suppose ?' ' If there had been, I must have heard of it,' was the reply, which meant anything or nothing, as Mercy quite understood. ' It would be well to keep the knowledge from Lallu — at any rate while we are here,' she added, using the sentence as a bridge to another group of questions. ' By the way, how long do you think of staying here ?'* ' Isn't that rather a singular question on the very morning after our arrival ? I hope you'll get to like the place sufficiency well to settle down here permanently. This should be our home— that, at least, is your mother's idea.' ... ' But if we don't settle down in it and get to like it, what then ?' ' I still suppose that we shall stop as long as your mother and I decide.' This was the first time he had put forward his own authority, and Meroy notioed it instantly, ' I presume that neither Lallu nor myself will be kept here against our wishes,' she returned, ' Where else would you go ?' ' Back to Wyvern Gardens, of course.' ? 'I don't know what your mother would Bay, but personally I should strongly oppose your going to London by yourselves. The thing is out of (£e question. The house is ?hut up ; there are no servants there ; the thing's preposterous.' 'There are no servants here, for that matter. You can't call these two clumsy, repulsive women servants— they are mere villagers.' The Colonel waited a moment, and then eaid: ' Why are you making up your mind to dislike the place, Mercy ? Is it because you are determined always to oppose me ; to do those things which I doa't like, and refuse to do those things I do wish? That is not the way in which yon are likely to make yonr mother happy, or yourself either.' 'I have never laid down a principle of doing anything to displeaie yon, Colonel Roca. What has happened has been that you have wished me always ro do just the opposite of what I, and you, too, have known would be for my happiness.' ' I have often told yon that I have no deBire but for j our happiness.' ' Yet you bring me to a lonesome, desolate, miaerablejjlace Jike this, and when I ask how long we are to be here, cell mo it is to be my permanent home. How can it be that ? Or, being that, how can I hope to be happy? There is not a soal within miles of us, and nothing to do whatever except perhaps to gather thistles and weeds on the desolate and barren land, and when I suggest that that it not the life I wish to live, you accuse me of always acting against your desires,' — ' Your note is always one of- strong antagonism co me,' he answered rather sharply, as he rose from the table and went away, leaving Mercy angry and indignant at what she deemed the implied threat of indefinite imprisonment. Presently she went out into th»--garden, strolled to the edge of the steep breakwater, and stood gazing out to sea, and thinking ov«r the position and what the Colonel had said. Her heart was hut with rebellion. What had she done to be thus forced away from every friend and acquaintance she had in the world and buried alive in aa old ruinous dungeon like the Court? And as she paced up and down on the path which ran at the top of the breakwater, her indignation grew fist. The place was a prison, and nothing but a prison she thought ; and nothing should ever make her do anything but detest it as much as she detested the nun— her gaoler— who had brought her there. She went to her mother's room and found her troubled about the house arrangements. 'Help me, Mercy. Why haven't you been up before ? You can't have been all this time over breakfast,' she said, peevishly. 'And you might be sure that I should want you, with everything to arrange and get in order.' ' I take no interest in this house, mother. And I will take noue. Let Colonel Roca see to things. He has brought u^ here.' ' You are very much changed, child, and getting to be a most disagreeable girl. You Bee the trouble and confusion I'm in and won't stir a finger to help me.' ' You have the wolonel new,' replied Mercy, hardly. 'How dare you speak to me like that,' said her mother, very angrily ; and then the consciousnees of her inability to dc what was needful overcame her, and she sat down and begin to cry. At that Mercy relented. ' Don't cry, mother. Let me see what is ;' and for an hour she set to work and her vigour and shrewdness and supreme gift of organisation and method brought order out of the chaos which her mother always produced. The closer contact in which this brought her with the two women-servants increased her dislike and distrust of them ; and her verdict was promptly given to her mother in a single recommendation. ' You must getrid of those women — theyare dirty, insolent, utterly unreliable, and, I believe, untruthful and dishonest.' ' It's easy to get tiJ of them, but where are we to look for others? That's what Manuel urges. What servants would come here ?'' 'Then why does he bring us to a house that eveo servants won't come to?'* flished Mercy, instantly and hotly. 'Are we of less consequence than they ?' ' I do wish you wouldn't be so violent. I'm not well, and this constant ill-temper of yours jars on me so.1 ' You must not be ill here, mother. There's no doctor within ten miles.' ' There you go again. That's only said to make me discontented. You are so incon siderate of others,' and Mrs. Roca wrung her hands feebly. 'I'm sure Manuel wants us all to be. happy.' ' He goes the right way to work his own disappointment,' said Mercy, drily. 'It is not your fault, mother, I know,' she added, after a pause, as she kissed her, ' but I wish you would make a little moce endeavour to understand what such a place as this must be for Lallu and myself to live in.' 'Other girls like a country life, Why should you hate it ?' ' A country life perhaps, but not life in a wilderness such as this. I am sure I shall not be able to endute it. It is not that I cire so much about London. If we were alone here, I could enjoy the place— hut to be shut up here with no one but Colonel Roca, no one, that is, except his son——' and she ended the sentence with a shudder. ' If you knew what had happened ? ' she began, thinking to tell of the incident which had frightened Lallu so much ; but she checked herself hastily, knowing how it would alarm her mother. 'What happened? Where? When? What do you mean ?' ' Nothing— only I am utterly wretched.' ' How much she has changed !' sighed' her mother, when Mercy had left the room. ' I wish %he had never seen that man.' She set it down to the love disappointment. Mercy went to Lallu and persuaded her to go for a walk. They were out two hours, walking round the neighbourhood, and in all that time saw only two cottages that were not in ruins. The effect was to conjure up again the impressions of the previous day, and the Indian girl's talk the whole time was depressing and gloomy, foreshadowing trouble and bdjtow. The lunch was as dismal a meal as the dinner of the previous evening, and after it Mercy had a horse saddled and rode out alone. ' I will find a house somewhere,' she said to Lallu, but she came back as depressed as she had started. She had chauced to choose the loneliest road of nil, and had ridden fi *e miles without meeting a soul. ' And this is to be our life,' she exclaimed, going in to Lallu in her riding habit. ' To get up in the morning and to look at each other at breakfast ; walk about among uncu' tivatcd fields or on the cliffs all the morning ; look at one another again at lunch t ride amoug more desolate fields,' or ulong other cliff* iu the afternoon*; look gloomy at each other again at dinner and perhaps quarrel ; yawn drearily till bed time ; and then go to bed to lie awake all night, starting at every sound, fearing rats or ghosts, or worse, dream uneasily when daylight comes, and then get up to begin it all over again.' She tigh'ed, and lay back on the sofa, and presently added a with laugh, 'And this u what a fortune has done for us !' The description was sufficiently accurate of niuch of the life at the Court for the' next four or five weeks, except that Mercy's natural activity drove her to Gad some occupation in takingcharge of the household. Lallu dreamed the time away, but Mercy fretted during the daytime, and suffered so much during the nights, when the house seemed full outrange noises, that she began to look ill, and her mother scolded her for being so discontented. ' Juan's arrival was delayed ; but when he came his sullen disposition did nothing to make matters auy more endurable. Mercy detested him, and did not hesitate to lot him see it'; while Lallu kept away from him when ever possible. ' Matters were indeed growing more and more uncomfortable in the house, when an incideut happened which gave Mercy fresh food for thought. ' She developed a likiog for a lonely spot on the sea front about a mile from the Court, and formed the habit of going there in the afternoon to sit and read, or work, or think. The direct path to it was along the top of the cliffs, but a longer way lay through some fields, and between two or three coppices, near to one of which stood one of the only cottages in the district that was not in ruins. SKe was returning one evening, and on passing the spot heard some high words in a woman's voice and then a reply in a man's. Not wishing to be seen, for the people had any thing but a good reputation, she stood still and 'drew back under shadow of the trees, intending to turn and go back by the cliff. Before she could do this, however, the door of the cottage was flung violently open, the scream of a woman rang out on the still air, with hot language from bath in SpanUh, Then in English the man exclaimed excitedly : ' You dare to come here spying upon me, you she-devil. I'm the wrong sort to stand that, and you know it. Take care.' The tone was far more menacing than the words, and to Mercy's intense surprise, Colonel Roca came hastily through the small front patch of garden out into the lane, where he turned and shook his forefinger menatiigly as he walked quickly away, followed by the voluble curses ot the woman, who spoke in Spanish. Curiosity was toj strong for Mercy, and she walked on until she could see the woman. She was a tall, well-figured, handsome brunnette, shabbily dressed in things which had ouce been very good, and her dark face frowned with the anger and bitterness which flowed in glib curses off her tongue. Mercy was frightened and stole away from her hiding-place back to the path on the cliffs, and as soon as she reached it she walked and ran back asquickly as possible to the Court. She achieved her object — to be there when the Colonel arrived, and she took care to let him s?e that she had observed his arrival. What did it mean ? was her thought, as the went up to dress for dinner. Was there some new myatery about to come into their lives ? Was the dream of her mother's confidence in him afcout to be dispelled ? If the man were really the scoundrel which this interview seemed to suggest, the sooner it was known the better for them all. At dinner she put one or two questions. ' You've been for a walk ?' she said, look ing at the Colonel. ' Yes, out by the gravel pits.' This was in an opposite dire'etiou from where she had a .en him. ' Oh ! I thought I saw you coming in from the Penthaai Road,' she said, as if in differently. ' So you did. I crossed the field just above and skirted the Court. I wanted to see how the work in the orchard was getting on.' 'Very slowly, I think, she returned, calmly. 'It seems hard to get anyohs to come here unless thsy're compelled.' He glanced angrily at her. His temper had .not recovered tooe from the euoounter she had witnessed. 'I don't know that I ought to say that, though,' she added a moment later, in the former tone of indifference. ' For I see there's actually a new resident arrived. Think of it, mother, '-she said, turning to the latter, but not so as to prevent her keeping observation on the Colonel. And she saw him wiuce, and a frown for a moment drew the eyebrows together. y ^ ' What do you mean by a new mi lent, M roy?' asked Mrs. Roca. 'There's no where for them to live.' 'Well, oue's found a place— for it's a woman, and a very handsome woman, too. Dark, tall, large— the very opposite of you, little .mother,' said Mercy, smiling. She saw a quick stealthy glance between father and son. ' What is she —a gipsy ?' .'No, dear, a Spaniard, I should think. Let me see,' she added, ' turning to the Colonel with an inquiring look. ' What is the name of the people who have the cottage in the lane, off Pentham Road ? Dicey ? I think it i«. At any rate it's the only cottage tliere,' so one can't mistake it. It's there she lives., I think I shall begin my couutry life by going to visit her tomorrow. She must be interesting, I'm sure. And there must be some very special reason to bring her down to a place like this at this time of the year. Shouldu't you think so, Colonel ?' And she looked at him with a challenge in her eyes. ,' I'm sure I don't know. I take no interest in such thing*, and I should think you'll be very ill-advised to go forcing yourself upon people of that class. The Dicey's, or whatever the name is, haven't by any .means the best of reputations.' 'I hope you won't do anything of the kind, Mercy,' added her mother. 'You don't understand visiting, and I'm sure you've no tracts.' ''She doesn't Ibok like a woman who wants tracts, exactly,' said Mercy, in a voice that made. Juan smile. ' Have you seen her ?' asked thegirl, turning on him quickly. ' I don't go district visitng,' he answered, turning the question. ' She is Spanish, I think,' continued Mercy, ' or she may be South American. How should I be able to tell the difference, Colonel?' 'I'm sure I don't know. Really, I was scarcely thinking about what you were saying.' 'I was only speculating what could bring a Spanish woman or a South American to this deserted part of the country just at the moment when we are here. - It's such an extraordinary coincidence when yon come to think of it. Here is this desolate district, to which «io English people will come unless they are compelled— and yet no sooner do you two South Americans arrive, than a third comes.' 'The world is full of concidences,' ex claimed the Colonel, as he rose from the table, frowning. ' I'm sure there must be a history ; and I'm determined to find it out,' said Mercy, lingering a moment before following her mother out of the room. 'Trust a woman's curiosity,' said Juan, smiling and lighting a cigar. 'And a man's — what shall I say? — friend* ahip ? Is that likely to be the object ?' And with I his parting shot she went. But through one of the servants meeting her and asking her a question, she was detained outside the door which she had not quite closed. She heard an oath and a reference to herself from the Colonel. ' Is this woman's coming any of your infernal meddling ?' he exclaimed, ang'ily, to his son. . ' I don't know. She may have followed.' Then a silence, broken by another heavy oath. 'Corse that girl, she's always meddling. There'll be no peace till she's out of the way.' ' Did you call me, Colonel ?' asked Mercy, putting her head inside the room. 'I thought I heard you calling.' ' No, thank you,' was the reply, in a barely civil tone and with none of the usual veneer of surface courtesy. ' I didn't know you were listening outside the door.' 'Or you might hive spoken somewhat differently,' she retorted. And the reply made both men start and swear again. 