The Sketcher. Some Scottish Ghosts. Castles and Mansions that are Haunted Scotland, the land of deep enthusiasm and poetic feeling, is essentially :a land of superstition; witness the firm belief of the pelsantry in the weird traditions of the West taud the Ilighilauds, in the unll canny applaritions, forehoders of evil to the family to whom they belong, and their avoidance of ilte so-called abodes of ghosts and evil spirits. Nor do they stand alone in their beliefs ; among the upper class credence is given to much that is suplernlatural, and not without cause, as tile history of the ancient Uastle of Ghllnis in Forfarshire relates. Although tihe whole house abounds in mysterious noises and ghostly visitors, one chamlber in particular is known as the " Haunted Itoeum," and access to this fearsome place is only known to Lord Strathmore, his heir, and the factor. There is no doubt whatever about the noises ; one night when they were lmore weird and unearthly than usual, the present Earl, with several chosen colm panions, deternlmhed to investigate the cause, and went to the room. HLardly had his lordship opened the door, when he fell back swooning. Nor could he ever bie persuatded to tell what he saw, or even to mention the subject. One old story is that during a feud between the Lindsays and Ogilvies some of the latter Clan, in flight from their enemies, besought hospitality from the owner of Glamis. He gave them shelter In this room ; but, under plea of hiding them, left them there to starve. It may have been the sight of the ghastly re mains which startled the Earl, but what ever it was is still a secret. Another story is that of " Earl Patle," celebrated for many vices, but above all for that of gambling. He played continually, hob nobbing with his humblest servitor, could he not obtain another partner. However, one "Lord's Day" no one could be persuaded to play with him. The cllthaplain heaped alnatlulllas on the head of any one who dared to desecrate the "Sawbath" by touching the "Devil's bricks," as he designated cards. Earl Patle, rather tihan be thwarted in his desire, invoking the " foui liend" to be his partner, locked himself into his room. The " dell " came, and then the fun was fast and furious ; curses, oaths, and shrieks terrified the inmates, and tihe butler, uraver than tile rest, putting his eye to the keyhole, had it sorely scorched for his curiosity. The Earl, coming out for a mllnute to get the whellrewithl to settle up with, returned only to lind the roonl empty, and no where could any trace of his ghostly comrade be found. After his death, live years later, tlhe samie noises were con stantly heard issuing front tie roomn alnd along the corridors. Allanbanki, the seat of the Stuarts, is Ihaunted by the ghost of " Pearlin Jean." She was the wife of tile first baronet, and a Frenchwomnan, wollot he married in Paris and deserted. lWhen returning to his native land she appeared at the last moment to bid him good- bye, and stood on the forewheel of the coach to address hii. Mucl annlloyed, lie bade the postillion drive on; the lady fell, and the wheels going over her head killed her. On his arrival homle, when driving under the arched entrance gateway, Sir Robert saw " Pearlin Jean" sitting on the top, her head and shoulders covered with blood, and for years the rustle of silk and patter of Louis XV. heels was heard along the passages. There is perhaps no more notorious ghost thanthe " Airlie Drumnmer" ; his haunt is an ancient stronghold, Cor tachy Castle, belonging to the Earls of Airlie. WVhenever his drum is heard tllose round take it as a sure token of t11i speedy death of one of the Ogilvie falmily. The origin of the story is that the jealousy of a former Lord of Airlie was roused either by the drumlner or the oflicer whose messenger he wals. In rage lie thlrust the tnan into his drumn, and flung hil out of the window of the tower in which the nlusic is usually heard. The victim threatened, if his life were tUen, to hlaunt the family, and hie has been as good or rather as bad as his word. Tilhe music of the hapless drumllner hits of(ten beenl heard, and quite recently, within the memory of those living; Ia 1844 before the death of Lady Airlie, and in 184i before the death of the ninth Earl. Spedlin's Tower, now a ruined Border I fortress, wa:s long haunted by the spirit of a miller named Porteous, who, being i suspected of arson, was Incarcerated in the dungeon by Sir Alex. Jardine. Ha" inlug occasion to go away front home, he forgot all about hits prisoner, who per ished of hunger. No sooner was he dead tthan his ghost begian to tormenlt I the family, and gave them no rest nighlt or day. At last, Iby tihe aid of several minilstcrs, tihe demlon wils exorcised, and a Bible was placed in a nichle in hiis cell. Years Lafter it was thought 1 necessary to have the Bible rebonid. Accordiigly it was sent to Edinburgh for that puirpose. It hatd not been lotng on its way before the ghost left its dun geon, fled over the river to tihe new home to which the ftlnily ladt recently removed, hauled the baronet antid his 1 wife out of bed, causing munclh terror and disturba:nce. Only throiugh return Ing the Bible to its niche in its old con dititon was PorteouIs's revengeful gltost quieted, and peace again restored. WVoodlhouse Let. the seat of tie Fraser T''ytlers, is visited by the spirit of Lady HamIilton, of Bothwelllangh. HIer hus Iatlnd Is known as tie mnurderer of the Regenti~hut?trryat Llinli tlhgw intS 1859, aid surely to assassin ltlad ever greater pro vocation. Knowing Lord IHIamlnilton was from Ilolne, thle Iotegenlt seized hiis house, turneILd his wife :and child out naked into thie fields; before morn she.was .a r'tvihg hlnatlc, her infant dead, pro- C lba.)ly inmulrdered, alnd nIow Ier restleis spirit Ilunts tile labode of her formner lnappiless. Part of tite nmsonry of tie old tuilntlilg w'ls Itsed for thie present i inanslionl, which is btIlllt on tile Pentland Hiills, four mniles distiant from the scene of tie tragedtly ; and Ilut a few years I ago tle dottestics werec ter'ilied by the 1 •ttartll'ihot of a Ildy robod in white l Ioltding a child it hier artls, wvhclih shown s tlhe spectre is still faithful to her old 1Illte. 'rTle Inveraly ghost is anotler well :utlitnetathdltet story, tie Ilearse of whlich dtrives ip to tile door of tile Castle be fore tlte dleceulse of any ltelnibcr of the Argyll famnily. It is said, during the illnless of tihme lite Duchess, that twoof time servants at Inverarty, w-ile resting in tIe gloantihig, hIeard thie noise of C wltoels, unlmrred thie great door of the i entranllce-lall, and, on opening it, found notllhig there. Shortly afterwards they teard of the death of their msle tress. Dunvegan, the home of the M?cleode, - the oldest inhabited castle of Scotlandi, is visited by those delightful spirits fairies. There is still the fairy Ilag. given centuries ago to the Chief of Malcleod I)y the fairies, and which al ways brought them victory when they took it into hattle. A room in the tower is devoted to them, music and dancing are often heard, but all vanushes when the door is open.-" Gentlewoman." 