Short Story. The Fortune of Fullwood. A Comparatively True «host Story. Although I bear the common aud somewhat plebeian uaiue of John Smith, I cau, through my mother's family, reckon kith aud kin with half the noble houses of Scotland, and boast that near a score of my ancestors have ' kissed the maiden,' or been hanged, drawn, aud quartered after the good old styje 01 putting tue closure ou in cited politicians.' Those of my readers who are themselves of ancient linkage may, therefore, appreciate the feelings with which I found myself last spring, j for the first time as I then thought, under my ancestral roof. I had been summoned to Fullwood House by Sir ' Francis Fleming of that ilk, to whom I stand in the relatiousliip of third cousin once removed. Fullwood House, a very romautiic old place Situated ou the left bauk .of the Cl.v-le, not far from the . uppermost ca'taract, eame quite up to my notion of what tlio home of such a family as ours should be. It is true that, Sir Francis himself rather disappointed me, he beiug a- little, withered person, : very absent-minded, and a thorough bookworm ; but, on the other hand, his daughter Jfargaret, his only child, was a worthy representative of the house of Fleming—' a daughter of the gods, divinely tall, and inosc divinely fair.' Need i say that I fell in love with her ? At all events I fancied anyself in love. At night I was sitting alone in my I'ooin .trying to (convince myself that since all is fair in love aud war I was entitled to do any best to cut out John Johnson, her fiancee, who was then in Johannesburg. What was he after all that he should (become the head of the house of Fleming by marrying ihe heiress ? If he had a pedigree 1 had never heard of it ; eo far as I, or any body else knew, his only claim ou ihe consideration of the Flemings was that Sir John Fleming, the former laird, had been his guardian. As for me, I was the next heir after Margaret herself, aud had I not then, the better right to her ? My meditations were interrupted by the entrance of old Tom Danabie, the butler, with a nightcap for me ; and while I was testing the quality of that article he asked one whether I was afraid of ghosts. I replied that I was not, beiug Indeed a hardened scvpili- in the matter of spoofe. Then I asked liim if the house was supposed to he liauuted. ' re would notice yon armour in the library V' Tom said. I nodded in the affirmative. The ar mour he referred to could hardly pass unnoticed. From its size it must have belonged to a gigantic man. Sir Frauds Siad told me that 'it was believed to liave been worn by Sir David Fleming, the crusader. as he was called, at the battle of Baunocfciburn. 'It's his giJjaist— auld Sir Dauvifte,' rejoined Tom. ' Sometimes ye'Jl see his e'en glowerin' at ye oot o' the lielin'ii. It's a fearsome sieht I saw't ainoe. ?That was ae night I'd been up at the poun. 'I had toeeu haein' a glass or twae ?wV the minister's man, but 1 was deid sober. That's' what we're hauntii wi'— Sir Dauvifs ghsrist-rtiat- watches.' ' Watches what V'-I asked. .? 'The goold,' replied the old man, dropping his voice to a whisper, ' the goold that was laid by at the time o' Prince Charlie by auld Sir Robert, and lias ne'er been seen since. But— 1 maun gang.' Whereupon the old tn'au hurried off as if it had suddenly struck him that he had 6ald too niucu, leaving me a little disappointed. 'Surely,' I said to myself, 'surely the old buffer doesn't think I'd ske daddle 'with the donjon keep aud the portcullis for tlie sake of the ' goold.' 1 dare say I might try to steal the wiiole Jblooming establishment for the sake of getting M'iss F., but ? ' 'S'a'ini-seducing gold !' It was a fairly apt sentiment, though I must confess I am not a saint, and I turned to see who hnd spoken, when I beheld a warrior of the ancient liuie clad in the very armour I had seen in the library. The visor of his helmet was up, aud il could see his face dis tinctly; it was a masculine copy of Margaret Fleming's features. ' Dost not fear me ?' he queried with a rartior grim smile. ' I dost not,' I answered straight off, aud it was quite true. 1 have not nerves of steel, (but really I felt -juite j at ease. ' A living dog is better 'than a dead lion,' I added. ' I am a living man, aud you— you're only a spook. Your bones are dust, and your soul is with the 'saints, I trust— anyway it should be.' ' By my ihal'idome, thou hast a pretty wit,' retorted the ghost. ' Xatheless, there are more things in heaven aud earth than are dreamed of in your philo sophy.' ' Apparently there are,' I remarked. ' It certainly beats me to hear a four teenth- century #host quoting Shaks peare.' ' Shakspeare, say'st t'oou?' exclaimed the ghost. ' By'r lady, I could a tale unfold— but cease thy prating aud fol low me.' ?My ironclad visitor stalked off aud I followed him, wondering the while why .the whole house was not alarmed'.1})}' the blanking aud clattering he made. But we were not disturbed. Having reached the ground floor the ^ghost turned into a long, dark corridor, which, as I had been told earlier in the day, led to the north wiug. I had not yet paid a visit to this section of the house, nevertheless, as my eyes became accus tomed to the gloom, Che places we were travelling seemed to assume a familiar look, aud when we emerged from the passage Into a room I felt quite certain ' that 1 knew the apartment. This place was almost square, and had a large Gothic window on the cast side— that is to say, to the right hand side of the door by which we entered. The wall was lined with portraits, and I remem ber as I looked rotiud that I said to myself— 'This is the portrait-room.' Meanwhile the ghost marched almost round the room, starting to the left from the door, and halting at the Window be fore mentioned, to.wMch he turned his back, aud so faced me as I stood in the middle of the floor. ' Here,' lie said, ' is my post till the full moon rises behind Tiuto and shows 'her face oibove the Tree of , Doom. Watch thou for the sign. Farewell.' Then he disappeared iu the twinkling of an eye. -? ? Of course ft was- a dream. I did not take long to grasp that fact when I ' found myself where old Tom had left me shivering before au expiring tire. Next morning, Sir Francis beiug in disposed and unaUle to talk about the j private business wMcli was the cause j of any being _there, 1 was dawdling 'about Vadly in want of something to do when Miss Fleming came to. my rescue by offering to show me the family j portraits. To my surprise she took me to the very place 1 had seen iu my dream, a ad she called it *by the very naane 1 had given it in my dream— 'the portrait-room.' 'This place seems quite familiar to me,' I remarked after looking round. ' Only,' I added, thinking about the guos't, ' there seems to be something wanting.' ' l'erliaips yon were here before,' Miss Fleming suggested. ' 1 don't think I' ever was,' I re plied. i.She moved across ' the room to flics place where the ghost had Liken its stand, aud there halted. 'The isuit of armour uow in the library used to stand just here,' she said. 'We had to remove it on ai-eouut of some rjdicuious'stoi'ies.' '?Indeed V ' Xes,' she continued, ' it was said that the original owner of (lie armouv came so'iiielimiHs aud got iuto it, and then promenaded round ihe Tree, of Doom.' '?'JUie Tree of Doom!' I echoed, 'wha't is that ??'' 'You can see it from Iho window,' said Miss Fleming. ?She pointed to an elm tree, apparently 'very old, which' stood ou the lawn about twenty yards off; ', This w:is another point of my dream that had ' coiine true' in a. manner. 1 began to feel a little nervous, and I was soon to get another rfhoclc. Miss Fleui'iug w.-ik going round Oie room telling me about ilie different portraits when she -halted before one thai linns; by irself at ihe north end of the west wall— the darkest corner of the room. 'This.' she said, 'is Sir Robert Fleming. Two of his brothers, John aud Frank, were out with Priuce Charlie, and the story jwk thai he t\\-'l- luKod all the family plate and jewels after the failure of the enterprise, meaning to smuggle the smff out of the country ais a contribution towards the expense of another attempt. The things were hid until a chance should arise of getting them away, but the chance never caime, aud tli?y remained con cealed.' ' Do you believe that story V' 1 queried. ' 1 am bound to believe about the hiding of the things. We know of articles of value that disappeared abunt that time. iBut,' she added with a nigh. ' 1 wish that was all we had lost. You have heard of t'lie Fortune of Full wood ?' 1 replied that I had heard of Jt. and meant to nsk for a sight of it before I Infr. It its a famous cliarm, the Fortune of Fullwood— a -brooch, the stone of whioli 'wws ibrouglit by Sir David, called the Crusader, from rhe 'Holy Laud. According to the legend, if anything wont wrong with the chaiim, if the stoue chanced to be broken or lost, the doom of the family was sealed. 'The Fortune has disappeared,' said Margaret iu tragic tones. ' You know what that means— the family is doomed. After my father there will be no more Hlomiugs of Fullwood.' 1 felt inclined to laugh, but the girl appeared to ibe Quite earnest iu her belief. 'If 1 thought.' she -continued, 'that the Foi'rune was anywhere about the llpnse.l would -have the whole building 'taken to pieces, stoue 'by stone. But I ?do not think it is in the house at all. I have searched everywhere, and I'm sure 1 know every nook and crauny of it.' An idea struck me. ' Did you liud,' I asked, ' any place where the plate and jewels might have been concealed V' 'No. Why?' ' Because the Fortune might have beeu put beside them.' ' Impossible !' she exclaimed. 'The Fortune— but wait—yes, the Fortune disappeared iu my uncle's time. He was a 'bachelor, and for a long time before he died he was queer. 1 have been told Thai when lie was dying he tried to tell nuy father something about the hidden plate, but could not. What is your idea V' 'He may have hid Hie charm him self,' I said. ' Perhaps he found out where tlio plato had been laid away and put the Fortune beside it.' Then, with many blushes, aud tlio un easy suspicion thai 1 was making an ass of myself, I told Miss Fleming about the vis'it I lr.ul had from the ghost. ? S'Lin did not laugh ; on the con trary, she was quite grave, and 1 took heart of grace to point out one or two .signiitemt things iu the dream. No doubt, I said, Torn Danaibie's story sug gested rhe dream about; the ghost, but there was nothing in his story to ex plain my fainiliartty -with the room, nor to suggest the idea of what the ghost had said. ?' It was a revelatiou,' said Margaret decidedly. ' This is the time of file Ml moon. 1 'shall have the armour pu't back into its former place, and this very night I shnll watch along with you for the sign.' The only -definite recollection I have for tlie remainder of that day up to 7 o'clock in *he evening is that I thought it was very queer to find au up-to-date young 'wtoinan like Margaret Fleming with such a strong streak of supersti tion iu her couipositfioiv My eyes have since been opened to the fact that: such amionnallitias are by no means uncom mon. However, 7 o'clock found us in the pqrti-ait-room waiting for the ' sign.' By- and-Tjy the moon appeared from behind the massive bulk of Tiuto, and slowly— painfully slowly— mounted the heavens. It plunged info a bank of clouds, and II was within an ace of say ing something -strong when it emerged, showing directly over the Tree of Doom, aud throwing a flood of light into Ihe apartment where we were. It shone in, aud ttiat was all. I do believe I ex pected some sort of explosion. 'Look, look!' esclaiined Margaret, catching my arm and pointing into the far-away corner. ' Yes,' she added almost in the eame breath, ' that inufct be the sign.' This is what we saw. When the moon was directly over the elm tree the nioon beajns were thrown from the window diagonally across t(he portrait-rooin iuto the corner where Sir llofoert's portrait hung, ibut the Shadow of the armour sfandtag at the window was thrown in the same direction in such u way a» to edMpse tlie portrait. At Miss Fleming's command 1 took' down the portrait while she lighted up the room. Then, before I could fornn any idea of what she wus going to do next, s'he 'had taken old Sir Datfldis ba'tfle-axe and let drive at . the panel ling which had been covered with file picture. The axe crashed right through the. wood; there was a hollow iu the wall there. To tear away the shattered wood, was easy, the operation revealing a little cQiamlber constructed in wUat appeared from Hie outside. to be a solid buttress. On this -hiding-place were two boxes— one about. ;ift. long by 2ft. dec]) and fldde, and strougjy bound with iron; the other bearing a strong resenrblanca to a lady's w'orklbox or a folding desk : Margaret laid open the smaller bos ? with her ibattle-axe and gave a -cry of joy to find that it contained the Fortune of Full'wood. The other bos was open ed later ou in the presence of Sir Fran cis, and was fouud to contain several pieces of plate, 'but the value of the find was notWing like fhe value of what liiid been Olid— the traditional value, that is. Perhaps Sir John Fleming, the brother and predecessor of the present laird, had dra'wu on the treasure .it the time he entered the secret chamber to hide there tlie Fortune of Fullwood. As I do not want to be interviewed by psychical researchers I shall now ex plaiin the 'glio'st' to the best of my ability. When 1 went home I told my uncle James, who is a bit of a philo sopher, -all albout the affair, and he told me that *;oine months before the death of Sir John Fleming my father had taken me wil'h him when he paid a v-isit I to Fullwood. On his return my father I told my uncle all u;bout the house, aud j albout the legeud of the hidden Irea i sure ; he also mentioned fhat I had ibeen I greatly taken up wiitu the suit of ai niour in the ' iport rait-roo-m.'' My uncle had foi'gotten all about this until I told him my story ; but, as he remarked, it was doubtless the memory of my visit iu early child'hood to Full'wood, and of hearing at that tluie the. story of ' the g'li'os't and the Tree of Doom, that had \- come back to me to round off the diviim suggested by ilie words of old Tom p.iuaijie.— ' Weekly Bcotsman.' 