AFTER MANY YEARS, 'Barbara,' he said, more gently, 'I-' She put up her hands again, with a wild gesture. 'Don't !' she said, hollowly. 'I can bear no more. It is all over between us. I maybe able to forgive you in the other world, when you can come to me with our child's hand in yours, and with her sweet face'to.plead for you, but not till then.' She tottered toward the door. At the same moment a knock was heard, afid the butler entered, bearing a bouquet and a letter. '.My lady,' he said, presenting them to hersi' Colonel Effingham is below and asks fora few minutes' interview. The flowers and. the note are from him.' ' :The Lady Barbara composed herself by a powerful effort. 'You may return the flowers and the note to him, Rugg,' she said, coldly. 'Tell him 1.have no use for either. Also tell him that I decline now and always to see him.' The .butler bowed and retired. The Lady Barbara, without another word to her husband, swept from the room. Lord Champney looked after her in astonishment. .' Was that acting ?' he thought. 'Has she cast him off? Or is she trying to hood wihk me ' He went to the window and sat down by it, screened by the lace drapery.. A few minutes later he saw Effingham ride down the avenue. About midway the colonel encountered Felix .Warner, as tIhe latter was slowly sauntering back to thie house. Effingham raised his hat to Warner, but Felix coolly and most decidedly cuet him, declining to acknowledge the salutation. How could the deluded baron, peeping from behind the screen of his curtains, imagine that this scene had been arranged lbetween the two villains for his benefit, and that they were both conscious that he was now looking at them ? How could hlie guess that they were in league with each other, and playing into each other's hands ? His heart warmed to his relative. SFelix is a true friend,' he muttered, Sgloomily--'the only friend I have in the waodr. Thank Heaven. I have his honest heart to rely on. If he had failed me, I should lose all.' .bFelix sauntered on to the house. "Colonel Eflingham turned in his saddle and:looked after Warner with a gaze of pre tended malignancy. ; He hates the noble fellow,' thought Champney. .The nexct moment Effinghlam raised his eyes to the Lady Barbara's windows. As by magic his brow cleared, and lihe s~mniled and waved his hand, as if in response to s isome signal. S She wcas acting, then,' muttered Lord Champney, scowling. ' She sent down that message to deceive me, and now she is explaining, or making it up, with Effingham. And I almost believed her.'. H -I se watched Effingham's movements as if fascinated. He saw him pause, as if watch ing intently some one at her ladvship's windows, ride back a few yards toward the hduse, appear to listen, bow, smile, wave his hands, and then, wheeling, ride off at a' gallo,'. H Hs1,ordship grated his teeth. "'I am not well enongh for that meeting "yet;' he thought, ' but it shall come, sooner or later; sooner, if hIe forces on me; later, if I can put it off till I get stronger. I am in no condition to fight now, with my body a mass of brnises. But one thing is certain \--ne of the lovers of Barbara Champney has got to die soon' e: eeowlcd blackly. H5' as looking a very Nemesis in appear aicFhrhen Felix Warner strode into the chambero SA slyr gleam shot into WVarner's eyes as he madrked the baron's position at the window. ' You leave nost been sitting there long, my lord I' hle iuquired, with an assumed start. His lordship nodded. .'You saw him- Effingham-then ?' •'Yes. He had the insolence to send flowdrs and a letter up to Barbara in this rooni. She returned both ' .:Warner smiled pityingly. :.. Yes,' he said. 'Isawthe colonel tear up letters, flowers, and all. He seemed not to know what to make of it.' 'N.. o wonder,' returned Lord Champney, .bitterlH. 'By the way, Felix, did you see Barbara at her window as you came icn ' W"arner - assumed an expression of deep compassion. SDon't ask me,' hle said. ..You saw her, then, making motioncs to t'hat?:villain 1' cried his lordship. ' Sidney, don't compel me to speak I doni't think the Lady Barbara guilty of any thiing more than imprudence. She is a very beautiful woman, and her head is turned by Eflingham's devotion and flattery. There is •no question but that the man loves her sincerely. Please don't question me any further. I want to think the best of Bar bara. I am sure, Sidney, if I could purchase your happiness .by the sacrifice of my own,, .I would do so gladly.' .'I am sure you would, Felix,' said Lord Cehaminiey, with emotion. T £he two clasped hands. ?-If my life is a wreck,' continued the Ijarou, after a pause, as Warner walked away, apparently overcome, 'yours need not be. You must marry, and at once. Did yoee See Miss Chessom during your last .trip ' i' Yes, and I love her more thancever We had a little lovers' quarrel, Sidney, and I am longing to go back to her and make it up. SPoor little girl. Her father is dead since I c:ame up here first.' 'Go tq her, Felix. You need not stay on my account. I will meet Effinglhanm when I :ns wiell enough. And to-morrow or nexst day Barbara and I will go to the Mlere. If Efiengham follows us there he will do so at 'liis peril. Go to-day, Felix.' :At this moment the butler entered with as. einvelope. 4 A'telegram for Mr. Warner,' he said. S.Varnbr seized it and tore it open. It :.-t was brief, and said simply: :'"All right. At Black Cottage.' To this message was appended the name Sof Jack Narr ; Vi?rarner's face glowed luridly. N'I o'answer,' hle said, smiling. S.The butler withdrew. .-It's from Dora,' Sidney, said' Warner, tilrring to his relative. 'Poor little, loving creature. She feels so grieved about our quarrel that she begs me to come back to her. You are sure you can spare me to-day I' ' Quite sure. I should like to see this little girl of yours, Felix. You must hasten your maiuage. You will join us at the Mere on Saturdlay ?' Warner assented, and soon after made his adieus anid departed. Half an hour later, his brain busy with plottings, he was on his way to Norwich. CLsLPTER XXVIII. IT was the third day of Dora's sojourn at the Black Cottage. The hour was about stuset. The young girl was sitting by the win dow, in her upper chamber,; deeply thinking. The sash was pushed up, and the summer breeze stole in, and a few rays of sunlight filtered in between the interstices of the thickly-leaved tree that guarded her win dows like a sentinel, and dropped like dia. mond rays upon her dusky, clusteriig rings of hair. The door was locked from without, Mrs. Narr having the key in her pocket. Upon the front door-steps, nearly under the win dow, Jack Narr sat smoking, and sending up an occasional glance 'at Dora's window. Thus doubly guarded, she was yet think ing of escape. Since entering tiheroom, on being brought from London, she lhad not been permitted to leave it Her meals had been brought to her, and she had been allowed to sit at her open window-the trees effectually screening her from all view of or from the street--but she had no excercise, no employ ment for her fingers, nothing to .read, no thing to do but to think. And thinlting had now become a dreary employment. She had been visited frequently by the Narrs; and felt that, although Mrs. Narr disliked her, and that both looked upon her as a prize, but which they hoped to gain what to them would be a fortune. She supposed that they intended to ob tain this money from Felix TWarner, who had niow become to her an object of utter aversion and detestation. All of these things had been turned over in her mind agai anud again, until she had grown tired, and niow she sighed hopelessly, thinking how strangely lher life had darken ed during the last few weeks. 'I suppose,' she said to herself, her dusk eyes glooming and her lips quivering, ' that Noel has either failed to find me, or has gone back to Weir Hall. He may think, as the Nanis are--or claim to be--nay parents, he can do niothing, and that I must remain in their custody till I am of age. But per haps he is still searching for me in London. He would never think of running down to Chiswick, and there is nothing to give him a clew to my whereabouts. Oh, if I had only been wise on that fatal mornifig when I chose between my two lovers ? I threw away the real for the false. I thought I loved Warner when I did not. And al though I am not sure that I love Noel now, it would not be hard, I thinki, to love one so brave and true and honest. I am not the first girl who has thrown away the noble, plain, country gentleman for the fine, false city lover.' Again she sighed, and again iher lip quiv ered piteously. After a little she leaned out of the win dow, and called softly : ' Mr. Narr !' Jack Narr took his pipe out of his mouth, and, bending forward, looking up, saying : '1Well, what is it, Miss Dora 1 Havo you come to your senses ?' - 'I am so tired,' said Dora, pitifully. ' I have never been so long in one.room at a time in my life. Just thinlk how hard it is to shut me up in this way, I who was brought up in the country, as free as the birds, and who love the sunshine and the fresh air as I love my life. Let me walk in the garden just one half hour I' Narr knocked the ashes off his pipe again st the door-stone, in a thoughtful manner, and then said, pointing the pipe over his shoulder significantly: 'She won't let you, Mliss Dora. There's no use asking her ;' still you can try if you waiant to.' ' Won't you ask her I' pleaded the young girl. She'd refuse me at once.' Narr reflected a few moments. Then he looked uip, winking mysteriously, and.whispered, shrilly : . 'I say, Miss Dora, is a walk in the gar den worth ten pounds to you ? The old woman's mad because I had a drink or so lately, and took all my money' last night when I was asleep.' Dora colnpl;ehended his drift. I'll give you ten pounds if you'll let me out a little while,' she answered. She took her pocket-book from her bosom, and produced a ten-pound note, which she fluttered out of the window, retaining her hold on it. Narr was all eagerness in an instant. His round red face grew yet redder, and he sprang up and came under the window, his eyes sparkling. 'Money first, Miss Dora,' he whispered. 'Then I'll ask the old woman.' Dora dropped the bank-note. It fluttered within Narr's grasp, and he put it in his pocket. Dora restored her pocket-book to its hid ing-place, and waited. Narr went back to the door-stone, sat down, and took up his pipe. After a minute or two he called his wife. Mrs. Narr speedily made her appearance from an inner room.. ' Well, what is it I' she demanded. 'Girl all right 1' ' Not by a good sight,' Ieplied Jack, wth an upward glance. 'I jest hoppened to look at her, and I declare for'tshe's getting as pale and peaked as a last year's ghost. I tell you, Mr. Warner won't be so took with her if she so, thin and goastly when he comes.' Mrs. Nanr looked up at the window, and met Dora's gaze. 'She don't look quite well,' she admitted. ' But what can I do I' ' Trot her round the gardci half an hour.' Mrs Nearr looked perturbed. 'How can I I' she asked, in an under tone. ' She might call out for help, or Sir Graham Gallagher might.see her.' ' Sir Graham Gallagoher's in better businesse than a-setting a-top of stone walls a-looking for gals as he don't know exists,' remarkea JackNlrr, more forcibly than grammatically. Most likely Sir Graham Gallagher's away from home. If he ai'te, he's settin in his lib'ry k-swigging wine, as I should do in his place. ' And if he saw the gal, it's easy to tell him she's your darter You don?s't seem up to business. Take the gal by the arm and trot her around; and when she gets tired march her up to her.room. - That's my advice." ' Mrs. Narr pondered oli'it, looked up again at the pale, eager face, and said: ' You're right, Jack, for once. She shall have the fresh air.' She entered the cottage, mounted the stairs and unlocked Dora's door, entering the room. 'Coome, put on your hat,' she said. 'Iam goings to take you around the garden.' Doa' hastily obeyed, and Mrs. Narr marched her down stairs and out of doors, keeping a tight hold upon her arm all .the time. The garden was in a sadly neglected con dition, and the grass- groswn walks led through tangles of shrubbery, all matted and grown together; but, after her long imprisonment, the fresh air, the glorious sunlight, and the sweet odors of the flowers from the adjoining garden were inexpressibly delightful to Dora. For half au hour she sauntered about, guarded by Mrs. Narr, and durisngthat time she sasw no onei save thie Narrs, and heard no one besides them, excppt s gardener pruning his peach trees on the opposite side of the partition wall, and singing as he worked, At last, as the man mounted a ladder, and Iris head began to appear above the wall, Mrs. Narr hurried Dora to her room and locked her in. At about six o'clock the girl's supper was brought up, and she was left alone for the night. The Narrs secured all the doors and retired to the basement kitchen, a quarter of the house that suited them best, and hero Narr smoked, while his wife talked of the best plan by which they could secure possession of the money on Dora's person. 'I don't know but the best way would be to go in and take it from her when she's asleep,' the woman muttered. 'She's no business to keep that money from us, and I mean to have it. I'll think the matter over, and get the money with the least trouble.' Meanwhile Dora sat at her open window, and the day faded, and the long summer twilight brooded softly over the fcene, filling the garden with a hundred shadows. The twilight was deepening into nighllt, and Dora was beginning to think of drown ing all her sorrows in sleep, when she heard a sound that thrilled her pulses and stirred her heart to wilder beatings. It was a sound of some one scaling the stone wall fronting the lonely street. 'Some one is there,' thouight the girl, all at once eager and impassioned. 'Who can itbe ? Not a friend. Not Noel!' She crouched iu the shadows, watching and listening. And then she saw ahead appear above the 'top of the wall, and the head was followed by the figure of a man. She strained her gaze, but could not discern the features of the strange intruder. The man lingered on the top of the walla moment, appearing to listen, and then he cautiously descended, by way of vines, to the ground. Then hlie halted in the garden, close in the shadow of the high wall. Dora's heart seemed in her throat. 'It can't be Warner,' she thought, trembl ing. 'If he were a friend to the Narrs he would ring at the gate. He has come to see me !' The man silently quitted the shadow of the wall, and came nearer, studying the features of the house. Dora had no light, and from his position none was visible in the dwelling. The cottage seeme6 silent and deserted. The intruder suddenlymarked the open window, and stole closer and closer, halting in the shadow of the tree before it. For the first time Dora saw him fully. With difficulty she restrained the wild cry of joy that arose to her lips. The intruder was Squire Weir. Dora leaned out of the window, calliting softly andS impulsively : ' Noel! O, Noel!' 'Dora !' cried a quick, glad voice. - 'I have found you, then. Heaven be praised !' 'How was it possible for you to. trace me here, Noel ?' said Dora. 'I feared you had gone home. I feared you, had left me to these people, not daring to contest their claihm on me. Oh, I have been so lonely, so miserable, Noel.' - ' My poor Dora,' said the young squire, tenderly and pityingly. 'And you thought Icould desert you ? I have searched for you everywhere, and only yesterday thought it possible that the Narrs might have taken you out of town. I went to all the railway stations, and at the Waterloo got trace of you, by great good fortune: . And here I am, Dora.' 'I might have known you would not desertmo, Noel. -It.is.-vonderful:howyou found me. I am so glad.' o ' And so am I. Where are the Narrs I' ' In the.back basement.'._.: ... ' Good. I have no keys, but it will go hard if I do not find some way to rescue you. First of all, however I must get rnearer to you.' 'But how 1' asked Dora, anxiously. The young squire east a quick glance around him. The tree, one great branch of which stretched like an arm before Dora's window, caught his gaze. He scanned it, measured distances with his eyes, and then moved toward it. 'I am coming up to you, Dora,' he said. 'Keep watch for us both.' He commenced to climb the tree, soon gaining a footing among the thick branches. In a few minutes more he was upon the branch by her window, and so close "to her that Dora could see the lustre of his eyes and hear his quick breathing.. She held out her hand to him. He took it and pressed it to- his .lips. 'How. pale you are,' he said, anxiously. 'The Narrs have not ill- treated you. Dora 1' ' Not particularly, but I have been kept shut up here till this afteriioon.. The door is locked now. They do ndt fear that I can escape; and indeed it would be a' difficult undertaking for me alone.' 'Has- has Wianer been here yet ?' ques tioned the young squire. 'No; .but he is comingI judge, from what IMrs. Narr, says. She expected him last night, and has been looking for him all day It wasat his suggestion this house was taken.' Noel's face darkened. His broad brows contracted, ..and' .he compressed his lips firemly. 'And' you are in the power of such wretches as these 1' he cried, indignantly. 'Dora, you must leave this pestilential house this very night. You will not hesi tate to go with me 1' 'Hesitate I' cried Dora in surprise. 'How could I ? Have you not said you will be my brother 1 Papa trusted you;, and so do I!' She put up both her hands to hlim with a trustful look, adding : ' Take me away from here, Noel. If I stay here longer, tlhus threatened I shall die.' 'I will take you,' the young man said, promptly, and with a quick energy. 'Where you will find refuge 'we will decide afterward. Do you think, with my: assist ance, you can step out on this branch, and so climb down to the ground I' 'Easily, Noel. Shall I trynow I' 'You may. You can cliib the wall by the aid of the vines and with my help, anid I can easily lower youi to the ground out side; There, give me your hand, Dora.' 'Let me get my hat first,':said the girl. She crossed the floor, and put on her hat anid sacque, then. returned to the window. 'I hear no noise in the house,' she said, in a whisper. 'They are still down stairs. Heaven is helping us, Noel.' She slid her hand in his, and stood up on the window-sill; Noel gently supporting her. 'This way, Dora,' he said, tenderly. 'Lean on me." But Dora suddenly trembled in alarm. The sound of approaching wheels had caught her hearing. '\Vhat if it should be Warner 1' she asked in a frightened voice. 'At this hour s Impossible. Yet you can wait till the cab passes, Dora.' The sound became louder and louder, and suddenly ceased abruptly. The cab had halted at the gate of the Black Cottage. 'It is "arner,' cried Dora, in a panic, as a loud ring was heard at thegate. ' We are too late, Noel. We must wait.' She loosened herself from his grasp, maid slipped back into the room, Noel slid along the branch; and ensconced himself in the deepest shadows of the tree. A sound was heard of bolts being undone, and Mrs. Narr went out with a lantern, and opened the gate to the new-comer. As Dora had thought, the intruder was Felix Warner. CIIAPTER XXIX. The arrival of Felix Warner at that late hour at Black Cottage, and so unexpectedly to Dora and the young squire, of course interrupted and deferred the young girl's projected escape. '1Was there ever anything so inopportune ? sighed Dora, as Warner disappeared with Mrs. Narr within the door of the dwelling. ' What shall we do, Noel 1' ' Wait.and see what the villain wants, re plied Noel, from his sheltered nook amidst the thick foliage of the trees. 'He cannot want to see me 1' said Dora, anxiously and uneasily. ' I think he will call upon you I' Dora began to tremble. Noel could see how white her face grew, as she leaned against the window, looking up pleadingly at him. 'If I could only be spared this meeting !' she murmured. The young squire's heart yearned toward her. ' My poor little Dora!' he whispered. 'Be brave. Remember I am near you, and I shall be ready at your call to spring in at the window to your aid. And as soon as he oes, we will make our escape. Can't you eep up your courage a little longer 7' The girl nodded assent, and her counten ance grew brave and calm She went back into the room and re moved her hat and sacque, and thens return ing to the window, leaned against the frame, and looked out upon her lover with softly shining eyes. She was standing there when the door was unlocked, and Mrs. Narr entered, bear ing a light. 'You have not gone to bed, Dora ?' she said, in a harsh, peremptoryvoice, holding the light above her and peering at the bed. ' Ah, no l There you are at the window a mooning !' She set down the candle and advanced to ward the maiden. Dora dropped the thin lace curtains, thus screening the open window, and moved a few steps toward the centre of the room. The woman eyed her critically. 'You'll do,' she muttered. You are looking even better than usual, with them blushes on.-your cheeks. Some one has come a' 'I knoev it,' said l)ora, quietly. 'I saw him-Mr. Warner.' 'Oh ! you did ?-I never saw a man who loved a girl as he loves you, Dora. He has traced you here-' 'You mean,' interposed Dora, 'that you sent him word of my whereabouts.' The woman looked at Dora sharply, and then broke into a boisterous laugh. 'You keep your eyes open, Dora,' she ex claimed, admiringly. r We'll, I won't deny that I've sent him word where to find us. for *a kinder, civiller-spoken gentleman I never saw. And so he's come; and he wants to see you. Will you go down to the par lour, or will you see him here 1' As she asked the question she lookled around the neat chamber, as if to examine into its fitness for a reception-room. The bed ?ias set in an alcove, and hidden by curtains of white dimity. The room itself had always served as a lady's private eitting-room;'and was well adapted for the purpose. 'Idecline to see him at all,' said Dorn, spiritedly. -' I dislike M31': Warner, and I have no wish to hear any more insults from his lips. If you are my mother-as you claim-you will protect me from the foul presence of this man.' Mrs. Narr frowned. 'This is' pretty talk to your mother i' she ejaculated. 'You are my daughter, you are a minor, and consequently obliged by law to obey me; andl I command you to receive Mr. Warner as my friend, if not as your own. Things have come to a fine pass, I think, when daughters, if they have been adopted by a fine family that turned 'em out poor and helpless, attempt to dictate to their mothers. You have got to see Mr. Warner or you'll regret it-that's all i' Dora's cheeks flushed with indignation. Yet she controlled herself admirably. 'I am in your i power, Mrs. Narr,' she said, coldly. 'Since I must see your 'friend,' I will see him here.' 'And you'd better be polite to. him,' warned Mrs: Nari, shaking her head threat eningly. 'Youare only the daughter of poor parents, and your fine lady airs won't pass here. Just forget that Squire Chessom and his wife ever adopted you, and made much of you, and bear in mind that you are only Dora Narr, and not much at that.' With this she retired from the room. Dora retreated again to the window. A minute later, the door again opened, and Felix Warner came slowly and hesitat ingly into the chamber. Dora regarded him in surprise. All his smoothness and assurance seemed gone. He was pale and dejected, and appeared to be in deep trouble. His eyes drooped before her bright glances, anid his manner was at once anxious, humble and deprecating. His new character, however, sat well upon him. His deep melancholy, as perhaps he know, was becoming to him. He had left Saltair on the previous day as had been said, and had slept in London the previous night. This day, at the close of which he had now called upon Dora, had been spent by him in the vicinity of the Surry farm, of which Jack Narr had formerly been sub tenant, and:in a close investigation of the affairs of the Narrs. He had made variocus discoveries, and, now, wheni he stood before the younsg girl the picture of sorrow and humility, he was at heart glad and exultans. He paused near the door, and, raising his eyes in seeming timidity exclaimed in a voice of deepest melancholy : "Dora-'" ' Miss Chessom, if you please, sir !' said Dora, with spirit. He came a step nearer, and looked at her as in anguished pleading. Doa drew closer to the window. Her radiant brown eyes were like glowing stars. The rose tint in her cheeks flickered like a red flame behind an alabaster shade. Pure and dainty and sweet, with a rare and glorious loveliness, she was as much above Warner as an angel is above a demon. He seemed to feel the distance between them, and made as though he would have knelt to her. 'Dora,' he said, in a broken voice, 'I have come back to crave your forgiveness for that cowardly insult of the other day. I did it in a msoment of madness. Forgive me.' And now he actually sank on his knees at her feet, acd lifted his pleading face, on which were tears. He was a splendid actor. He might have made his TO BE C OTINYVF 