A WHIRLWIND HARVEST BY F. FRANKFORT MOORE. [COPYRIGHT.] CHAPTER XVIII. They did not exchange a word for some time, and when the silence was broken it was by Clare. "Just before her illness I ventured to sug- gest to her that we might go for a month or two to England," she said. "And then — " "The look that came to her face was one of fear — of absolute terror. I was frighten- ed, and began to think that there were per- haps graver reasons that I had ever fan- cied for our exile. It took her some moments to recover from the shock that my sugges- tion had given her, and then she said, 'You must never think of such a thing as possi- ble. I shall never see England again.' " "Poor woman. Ah, what it is laid on woman to bear," said Agnes. "And she would have been so happy if it had not been for faithlessness. If she had only trusted the true man who loved her she would have been happy. I fear that she cannot ever have been happy with your father." "She never spoke to me of him." Clare spoke in a low tone. "He died when you were a child—so much, I think, was taken for granted," said Ag- nes. "I have always taken it for granted," said Clare. "Oh, yes, I remember asking about him when I was quite young, and my mo- ther told me that I had no father." "Then you must assume that he is dead," said Agnes, "and pray that you may never have sufficient curiosity to lead you to seek to know more about him." Clare looked at her with some surprise on her face. "What. You know —" she began. "I know nothing," said Agnes, quickly, in- terrupting her. "I have heard that he was not a good man, and I know that if he had had anything of good in his nature your mo- ther would not have parted from him. But he is dead, and we have no need to talk about him. Now, let me tell you the names of all the places we can see from here." They had driven to the summit of one of the low Brackenshire hills, and there Ag- nes pointed out the various landmarks. Far away to the north the great manufacturing town of Linnborough lay beneath the great shadow of its own smoke, and to the right the exquisite spire of Scarchester Cathedral was seen, and by the side of the old minster ran the River Leet. All through the valley lay the villages of Nessvale, with its Nor- man church, from the tower of which the curfew is still rung; Greenledge, with its tall Maypole, aud Holmworth, with its grey castle and moat. Then on every hand were to be seen the splendid park lands surround- ing the manor houses, the broad meadows, the brown furrowed fields of Brackenshire, with here and there a farm house, and down where the Lambeck flowed, a brown mill with its slow-moving water wheel. The quacking of ducks that swam in the little stream was borne up from the valley at in- tervals and mingled with the melancholy whistle of a curlew, and the occasional notes of a robin sitting on a gate at the side of the road. "England— England— this is England!" cried Clare. "I never wish to see any other land so long as I live. Ah, my poor mother! This is what she was longing to see before she died." Agnes did not speak. She knew that the girl saw all the incidents of the English landscape through a mist of tears. It was not until the phaeton was making the homeward circuit and had just come abreast of the wall of Westwood Court that a word was exchanged between Agnes and Clare. All the interest of the girl was once more awakened when she learned that Claude Westwood had been born in that great house which was just visible through the trees of the park, and that he was now the owner of all. "And the murder— it was done among those trees?" said Clare, in a whisper. Agnes nodded. "The wretch— the wretch! What punish- ment would be too great for the monster who did that deed!" cried Clare, with some- thing akin to passion in her voice. "Mr. Westwood told you of it?" said Agnes. "He did not need to tell me of it," replied the girl. "I read all about it at Cairo." "Of course. You got the English news- papers there." "Very rarely; strange to say, a copy of a newspaper containing a paragraph referring to the reprieve of the murderer was sent to my mother by someone in England. I saw the paper by chance. It had not been sent to her because of that paragraph, of course; but on account of some other piece of news." "Then you knew who it was that sent the paper?" "That was the mystery. It troubled mother for some time thinking who could have sent it." "But she knew why it had been sent to her— she knew what was the particular para- graph it contained of interest to her?" "I don't think that she was quite certain on that point; but she came to the conclu- sion that it was on account of a paragraph referring to the production of an opera in London in which a friend of mine— of ours, I mean— had taken the tenor role." "Ah; a friend of yours? What is his name?" His name was Ciro Rodani; he was one of the maestro's pupils. We used to sing duets under the guidance of the maestro; it was good for both of us, he said, and so, I sup- pose, it was. At any rate Ciro got his en- gagement, and perhaps he sent mother that newspaper. He certainly sent me the six papers that praised his singing. He didn't send those that were not quite so compli- mentary; it was the maestro that sent them to me. "The paper may have been addressed to you; it is not a matter of importance. You would probably never have recollected read- ing the paragraph about the reprieve of the man if you had not met Mr. Westwood a few months afterwards." "I certainly should have forgotten all about it; but now— well, now it is different. And it was among those trees the terrible deed was done?" "Yes, It was among those trees. I have not been near the place since it happened." "It was horrible — horrible! And yet they did not hang the man— they gave the wretch his life!" The girl spoke almost fiercely — almost in the same tone as Claude Westwood's had been when denouncing the man. Agnes gave a little cry. "Do not say that — for God's sake do not say that," she said. "Ah, if you only knew what you are saying!" "If I only knew!" cried Clare, in a tone of astonishment. "If you only knew how your indignation that a wretched man's life was spared to him shocks me," said Agnes "Dear child, surely you are on the side of mercy; you have not been accustomed to the savage code of a life for a life." Clare was silent. "It shocks me to hear anyone speak as Claude Westwood does of that poor wretch," said Agnes. "It is not possible that you— Tell me, Clare, do you think your mother would have had the same thought as you had just now? Was she indignant when she read that the life of that man Standish was spared?" "She cried, 'Thank God!' as fervently as if she had known the wretch all her life," replied Clare. "Ah, my dear mother was a better woman than I am. Her heart was full of tenderness." "And so is yours, my child," said Agnes gently. "You did not speak from your heart just now. Your words were but an echo of those I have heard Claude Westwood speak." There was a long silence before Clare put her hand on the arm of her companion, say- ing in a low voice: "I was wrong, dear Agnes. I spoke unfeel- ingly, without thinking of all that my words meant. I only thought of the passion of grief in which Mr. Westwood had expressed his indignation that the man who brought so much unhappiness into his life had been given his life. We are all sinners." "Pray for him," cried Agnes quickly. "Pray for that man as Christ prayed for His murderers. Pray that his life may not have been given to him in vain." "I will pray that God may pity him," said the girl. "We all stand in need of forgive- ness, do we not?" The remainder of the drive to The Knoll was silent; and so was Agnes, when she went to her room nnd seated herself in front of the fire. She was breathing hard as she leant forward with her head resting on her hands. She remained motionless, staring into the glowing coals until the luncheon bell rang. Then she rose hastily, saying in a whisper: "It was too terrible! God pity her! God pity her!" Her maid entered the room, and she changed her dress. While in the act of going downstairs she heard the sound of Claude Westwood's voice in the hall. He was talking to Clare in front of the blazing logs of the hall fire, and Agnes saw that he now wore the dress of a country gentleman. When he had called at the house the previous day, as well as on the day after his return to England, he had worn a black morning coat. She paused beneath the stained glass window of the little lobby where the broad staircases turned off at right angles to the half dozen shallow steps at the bottom— she paused, and could not move for some moments, for the scene which was before her eyes appeared to her like a glimpse of a day she remembered well— the same man wearing the same jacket and gaiters had stood talking in the same voice to a young girl who stood by his side look- ing up to his face as she stooped somewhat over the big grate, holding her fingers over the blaze just as Clare was doing. She stood motionless on the landing. The crimson roses of the stained glass of the window made her a splendid head dress, and in the panels on each side spread bran- ches of rosemary— rosemary for remem- brance. Alas! she remembered but too well the words which had been spoken between the two people who had stood there long ago. "It is for you— it is all for you," he had said. "I mean to make a name that shall be in some measure worthy of you." Those were his words, and then she had looked up into his face and had put her hand, warm from the fire, into his hand. She had trusted him, and now—— "Is it a ghost?" cried Clare, laughing. "Are you a ghost, beautiful lady, or do you see a ghost?" She had gone half way along the hall to the foot of the half dozen shallow oak steps be- neath the window. "A ghost— a ghost," said Agnes, descend- ing. "Yes, I have seen a ghost." Claude advanced to the middle of the hall to meet her. She greeted him silently. "I saw your ponies in the distance and hurried after you, hoping that you would ask me to lunch," said he. "A woman's lunch!" she cried. "You can not surely know what our menu is." "I will take it on trust," said he. "You represent company here. When I come to you I forget the loneliness of the Court." When speaking he had looked first at Ag- nes, then at Clare. He seemed to take care to prevent the possibility of Agnes's fancy- ing that he was addressing her individually when he said, "You represent company here." "And you represent company to us, for the capacity of two lone women to feel lonely is quite as great as that of one man," said she, smiling in her old way. "He brings us news, Agnes— good news," said Clare. "He has got the medal of the — the society— what was the name that you gave the society, Mr. Westwood?" "The Geographical," said he. "They have treated me well, I must confess. They have been compelled to take me on trust, so to speak — to accept my discoveries, without any demonstration on my part. No one knows anything of what I have seen or what I have done in Central Africa. The outline that was cabled home represented only the recollections of a missionary at Uganda. It is little better than nonsense." "That is the greater reason, I say, why you should take the opportunity that is offered to you now of letting the world know all that you have passed through," said Clare. "All— all— that I have passed through, did you say?" he cried. Then he laughed curi- ously. "Well, I don't suppose that you could tell all in an hour— I suppose they would give you an hour?" said Clare. "They might even make it two hours with- out forcing me to repeat myself," said he. "But all— all! Good heavens! If I were to tell all! Luckily I cannot; the language has not got words adequate for the expression of some of the things that I saw. Still— well, I saw some few things that might be de- scribed." "Then you will go? You will give them the lecture which you say they have invited you to deliver?" cried Clare. He shook his head. "Oh, yes, you will," she said, going close to him, and speaking in a child's voice of coaxing. "Agnes, you will join with me in trying to show this man in what direction his duty lies." "Ah, in what direction his duty lies!" said Agnes, gently. "What woman can show a man where lies his duty if his inclination points in another direction? But I am for- getting mine. Luncheon!" She pointed to the door of the diningroom, at which the butler was standing with an aggrieved expression upon his face; luncheon had been waiting for some time. "Duty!" said Agnes, when Clare and Mr. Westwood had passed through. "Duty!" She gave a scornful laugh. CHAPTER XIX. "Duty." That constituted the foundation of the plea of Clare for the delivery of his lecture before the Royal Geographical So- ciety. Her eyes sparkled as she talked at lunch, urging Claude Westwood to abandon his resolution to keep a secret the story of his adventures, of his discoveries. "My dear Agnes," she cried at last, "will you not join with me in telling him all that is his duty?" Agnes shook her head. "All? Did you say 'all'?" she said. "All his duly? Why, my dear, such a task would be akin to Mr. Westwood's description of his travels. The language does not contain sufficient words to tell a man all that is his duty. But so far us the lecture before the Geographical Society is concerned, I don't think that he need say very much. Surely they are entitled at least to a paper in ex- change for their gold medal. Anything less would be shabby." "That should settle the question," said Clare, looking with a triumphant smile at Claude. "I suppose— yes, I am sure that it should," said he. "Only — well, I hardly know where to begin in giving an account of some of the things I saw during my years of cap- tivity—such horrible ceremonies. You have heard of the devil worship of some parts of Central Africa; but all that you have heard has been a faint, a far-off rumor of what that worship means. I have seen— oh, I tell you there are mysteries— magic— in the heart of that awful continent that cannot be spo- ken of." "But there is much that you can talk about. There's the country, the climate, the products," said Clare. "Don't you remember the hints that Mr. Paddleford used to give you aboard the Andalusian? Mr. Paddleford was a — a— gentleman — I suppose he would be called a gentleman in England." " "Though he was not called one on board the steamer," said Agnes. "Exactly. He was fond of opening up new countries." "Through the medium of the Limited Liability Companies Act— occasionally going a little further than the act was ever meant to go," said Claude. "At any rate he used to say that the man who found a new market for Manchester or Birmingham was the true patriot. But still you did not rise to the bait— you did not make any attempt to prove the extent of your patriotism. But perhaps yon might be able to show the geographical people that Manchester or Birmingham might have what Mr. Paddleford called a 'look in' so far as Central Africa is concerned." He glanced at Clare after she had spoken. "Birmingham might certainly have a 'look in' at some of the tribes; it might contract for the constant supply of brass gods for them," said Claude. "They worship brass out there with nearly as much devotion as the people here worship gold. As for Man- chester—well, I've been in a valley where Manchester could find a hint or two. The sides of the valley were covered with a plant —a weed which, if it became known, would make cotton valueless. It requires to be neither spun nor woven." "And you have discovered that miracle, for which the world has been waiting since the days of Adam," cried Clare, laying down her knife and fork, and staring at him. "You have discovered this, and yet you could send that poor publisher empty away, al- though he had come out from England to meet you and make arrangements for the publication of your book!" "Manchester would be ruined in order that Mr.— Mr.— was his name— Paddleford? yes, that Mr. Paddleford might float a com- pany," said Agnes. "Not merely Manchester, but all the cot- ton growing States in America would be brought to the verge of ruin," said he. "The growth of that wood upon the sides of the valley I speak of far exceeds the growth of all the cotton in the world. We travelled for four months through that valley without once losing sight of that weed. Things are done on a large scale in Central Africa. The ground rents there are somewhat less than they are in Middlesex. Can you fancy a valley running from John o' Groat's to Land's End with its sides covered thickly with one weed— say with thistles only?" "And you can tell the world of that valley —of that plant for which the world has been waiting for thousands of years, and yet there is still a doubt in your mind as to whether you should spend an hour talking about it or not!" cried Clare. "Look here, Mr. West- wood ; you send a telegram to the president of the Geographical Society appointing a day to reveal to him and his friends — to all the world — the world that has been waiting for certainly six thousand years — some people say six million — for the discovery of that plant — telegraph that, or I shall do it; and when you are at the bureau of telegraphs, just send another message to the publisher who hunted for you, telling him that you accept his offer of twenty-five thousand pounds. He confided in me aboard the steamer with tears in his eves that this was the exact sum that he had offered you for the making of two thick volumes on your adventures, to be ready in four months from to-day." "Heavens above! this is carrying things with a high hand!" cried Claude. 'Perhaps you would not think it too much trouble to suggest a title for the book — that, I under- stand, is always a difficult business." "Ah, the representative of Messrs. Shekels and Shackles, the publishers, confided to me his designs in regard to that point also," said Clare triumphantly. "The poor man had passed days and nights in the Mediterranean thinking over the best title for your book, but only when he got through the Red Sea did the inspiration come to him. I agreed with him that it would be too bad if all his trouble were to no purpose. I agree with him still." "He went a long way — so did you." said Claude. And the title — are you at liberty to divulge it to the author of the book yet un- born?" "The name of the book is to be — 'Homeless in Hades,' " laughed Clare. "So much the agent confided in me. He thought that by that title the readers would be prepared for the worst you had to tell them." "And so they would, I'm sure, said he. "But I had no idea that the names of books were settled by the publishers. " "Oh, they're not as a rule— he explained that to me. He said that only in your case Messrs. Shekels and Shackles were under the impression that you should know just what the public expected from you." "And their idea is that the writer of a book of travels should make it his business to provide the public with precisely what they expect? Well, I can t say that the no- tion is an extravagant one. Most of the volumes of travel which have been written, from the days of Sir John Mandeville down, have shown a desire on the part of the authors to accommodate themselves to the views of the publishers and the public. I'm not so sure, however, about 'Homeless in Hades.' " "Then you will write the book?" cried Clare, her eyes sparkling. "Oh, yes; when you begin by quarrelling with the title you are bound to write the book." "I don't consider myself in the least com- promised in the matter," said he. "One may surely object to a title without being forced to write the book. The fact is that since I started for the Zambesi the public taste has been revolutionised by dry plates. An ex- plorer without a camera is, in the eyes of the public, like— now, what is he like?— a mouse trap without a bait — a hell without its hammer. Now, I did not travel with a camera. My long journey alone through the forests was made with only the smallest amount of personal luggage. All I was able to carry with me will not make an imposing list. Item — 1 knife; Item — 1 native bow and 6 poisoned arrows; Item— 6 seeds of the linen plant." "What, you succeeded in bringing home the seeds of that wonderful plant? "I made up my mind to accomplish that at all hazards. The seeds are a good deal less interesting to look at than the native weapons. I have got a glass case made for the arrows. They are not the things that should be left lying about." "I have heard of poisoned arrows. Ter- rible, are they not? And the poison is still in those you have?" "It is the deadliest poison on earth; and its effect remains even in the ashes of the iron wood which forms the barb of the ar- row. The slightest scratch with the point of the weapon is fatal." Clare listened breathlessly. It was in a low voice that she asked, "How many of these arrows had you when you contrived to escape?" "I had sixteen," he replied. "I can ac- count satisfactorily for the ten that are not forthcoming. I got to be a fairly good hand with the bow and arrow before I had been in captivity for more than a year. I saw that my only chance of successfully escaping lay in my acquiring a thorough knowledge of the native weapons. I made a collection of arrows, which I secreted at intervals, but when I thought my chance had arrived I only recovered the sixteen I have told you about. I saved my life ten times with ar- rows and nine times with my knife.'' "That will be your book," said Clare; "how you used those ten arrows will be your book. It must be called "The Arrows and the Knife.' " "That title is certainly better than 'Homeless In Hades,' although I admit that I was homeless and that the country was the worst Hades that could be imagined." "But you will write the book— oh, you must promise us to write the book. If we get him to promise we shall be all right, Agnes; he is not the sort of man who would ever break his promise!" "Oh, no, no; a promise with him would ever be held sacred," said Agnes. "Promise— promise," cried Clare, going in front of him with clasped hands, in the prettiest possible altitude of humorous im- ploratlon. "A book of travel would be of no value without illustrations— so much I clearly per- ceive," said he. "I wonder if you can draw." "Oh, yes; I can draw in a sort of way," she replied. "I did nothing else but draw for some years." "That is a solution of the problem," he said, putting out his hand to her. "I will write the book if you do the drawings for it." She shrank back for a moment, and her face became rosy. "Oh, I don't think that I could draw well enough to illustrate your book," she cried "Ah, have you seen the illustrations to any book of travel recently published?" he ask- ed. "No, I thought you had not or you wouldn't say that your capacity fell short of so humble a standard as is required for such a purpose. My dear Clare, cannot you see that the plan which I have suggested is the only one possible for such a work as mine? I must have an artist beside me who will be able to draw everything from my instructions. Nothing must be left to the imagination. An error in any point of detail would make the illustration worthless. Ah, now I see it is not on me but on you that the production of the great work depends, and yet you hold back. It is now my turn for bullying you as you bullied me. It rests with you to say whether the book will appear or not.'' "What am I to say, Agnes?" cried the girl. She had become quite excited at the new complexion that had been assumed by the question of publishing the book. "What am I to say. I am afraid of my own short- comings." "If Mr. Westwood is not afraid of them, you certainly need not be," said Agnes. "For my own part I quite see how much better it would be for him to have an artist work- ing by his side and in accordance with his own instructions than it would be to have the most accomplished of draughtsman work- ing at a distance." "I am fearfully afraid, but I would do anything for the sake of seeing the book pub- lished," said Clare. "Then the compact is made," cried Claude. "Give me your hand, Clare. Now, Agnes, you are witness to the compact." "Yes, I am a witness to this compact — the second one made in this room," said Agnes, quietly. They had by this time left the diningroom and were standing round the fire in the drawingroom. "The second compact — the second?" said he, as though he were trying to recall the previous contract. "Agnes alludes to the compact she and I made in this room yesterday," said Clare. "We agreed that if we did not become friends we would part without ceremony be- fore we got to hate each other — it was some- thing like that, was it not, Agnes?" "Yes, I think that is an excellent defini- tion of the compact made between you and me— not in the presence of witnesses," said Agnes. "A very sensible compact, too; if I know anything about women," said Claude. "And you do know something about women, do you not?" said Agnes. "I am learning something daily— I may say hourly," he replied. "I have learned lately how generous, how noble, how sympathetic a woman may be." He looked at Agnes as he spoke, and sin- verity was in every note of his voice. Agnes smiled faintly. She wondered if he was thinking of the day when he had said good-bye to her in that room. Was his allu- sion to her generosity in permitting him to assume that there was a statute of limita- tion in love, an unwritten law by which the validity of a lover's vows ceased? At this point a fresh visitor was admitted. It was Sir Percival Hope. He said he was very glad to meet Mr. Westwood that after- noon, the fact being that he had just been at the Court to see Mr. Westwood in order to inquire about his gamekeeper, Ralph Dan- gan, who had applied to him, Sir Percival, for a situation. He wondered why the man was leaving the Court preserves. "The man seems to me to be a very fool- ish fellow," said Claude. "He came to me a couple of days ago to discharge himself, his plea being that he did not suppose that I meant to preserve as my poor brother had done. I asked him if he didn't think it pos- sible that he might be mistaken in his sup- position, and suggested that he would have done well to come to me in the first instance to learn what my intentions were in regard to the preserves. He seemed to decline to enter into any discussion with me on the subject, but quite respectfully gave me his notice to leave. I tried to bring him to a sense of his foolishness in throwing up a good place on so ridiculous a pretext, but all the reply he made was, 'I have made up my mind to go, sir, and must go. I can't stay where I am any longer.' " "The poor man has had trouble — great trouble, during the past few months," said Agnes. "He should be pardoned if he finds it intolerable to continue living in the place where he was once so happy." "He did not say anything about that to me," said Claude. "Only to-day my stew- ard mentioned about the man's daughter. Poor girl! I recollect her years ago— a pretty little girl of nine or ten. And then his son enlisted. I daresay the view you took of the matter is the right one. Agnes, I sup- pose such men as Dangan have their own private feelings like the rest of us." "He did not seem inclined to explain to me anything of that," said Sir Percival. "When I asked him if he did not think he was behav- ing foolishly in leaving a situation in which he had been for over thirty years, he merely said he had made up his mind to leave it." "I would advise you to give him a trial," said Claude. "He is a scrupulously honest man." "I feel greatly inclined to take your ad- vice," said Sir Percival. He remained to drink tea with Agnes, and at the end of an hour both men left to- gether. CHAPTER XX. Clare was greatly excited. She regarded it as a great triumph that she had prevailed upon Mr. Westwood to write the book which was to give an account of his captivity in Central Africa, his explorations, some of them involuntary— for the people among whom he dwelt as a prisoner, and an object of worship carried him about with them on their raids — and his discoveries. She was, however, in great dread lest her part in the compact should be indifferently performed. She daily expressed her doubts to Agnes, bewailing the fact that she had been too easily persuaded by Maestro Rodani to aban- don her study of the art of painting for the art of vocalism. If she had only devoted to the former the time she had spent upon the latter, she would have been a good artist, she declared. Of what value had her singing been to her, she inquired in doleful tones. It had been of no use to her; but if she had con- tinued her study of drawing she would not now be on the fair way to humiliation. Agnes did her best to reassure her, when she had seen her portfolio of water color sketches— some of them charming open-air studies and others of the picturesque pea- santry of the Biscayan provinces. She felt sure, she said, if her drawings, done by the direction of Mr. Westwood, were of the same quality as those in the portfolio, the pub- lishers would be quite satisfied with them. Clare kissed her friend a dozen times in ac- knowledgment of her kind encouragement, but afterwards she shook her head despon- dently. It is one thing to draw for my own amuse- ment, to make these simple records of the places which I have visited and the people I have seen, but, quite another thing to illus- trate a serious book— a book that is worth twenty-five thousand pounds. Just think of it! My drawings in a book that is worth such a sum— a book that will be in every- body's hands in the course of a month or two!" she cried, as she paced the room ex- citedly. "Oh, yes; I know what everyone will say: It would be far better if so valuable a book had not had its pages disfigured by such amateurish efforts! Oh, yes: I have seen the criticisms in the English papers. I know what they will say. Oh, what a fool I was to agree to do the drawings." "I don't think that you need be at all afraid to face such a task," said Agnes. "But if you are, why not write to Mr. West- wood, telling him that you repent?" "Oh, I would be far more afraid to face him after that than to face the drawings," cried the girl. "What would Mr. Westwood think of anyone who would break a com- pact?" Agnes looked at her in silence for a few moments. She was tempted to tell Clare the full story of the compact which she had once made with that man, and the way in which he had broken it, ignoring the fact that it had ever been entered into by either of them. She felt tempted to ask her if the susceptibilities of such a man on the subject of compacts — especially those made with women— were to be greatly respected; but she controlled herself, and when Clare sat down with tearful eyes, was able to laugh, not aloud, but in secret. Then Claude went to London, and had an interview with Messrs. Shekels and Shack- les of a very satisfactory character. All that they stipulated was that he should not give himself away — the phrase was Mr. She- kels's— at the Royal Geographical Society. The papers read by distinguished travellers — and some who were not quite so distin- guished— at the big meetings of the society were only designed to stimulate the imagin- ation of the public and prepare the way for the forthcoming book. A paper that dis- counted any portion of the forthcoming book— Mr. Shekels took it for granted that the book was always forthcoming — was worse than fu- tile for advertising purposes. He urged up- on Mr. Westwood the advisability of putting nothing into his Geographical Society lec- ture that the newspapers could not lay hold of for leading article purposes. The news- papers did not want pathological erudition. They wanted something that a.. their read- ers could understand — something about can- nibalism, for example; cannibalism as a topic never failed to attract general readers. He hoped that Mr. Westwood would see his way to talk about the cannibals of Central Africa in his paper. That would tickle the palates of the general public, causing them to look forward to the book, which need not necessarily contain a single allusion to can- nibalism. In one word, Mr. Shekels ex- plained that the lecture should be a kind of hors d'œuvre to the literary banquet which was to follow. All this he explained to Mr. Westwood, very tenderly, of course, for Mr. Westwood was (unfortunately Messrs. Shekels and Shackles thought) not like the majority of distinguished explorers, anxious that the sale of his book should be so enormous, being (unfortunately, again) independent of book- writing for his living. If they had said any- thing to hurt his feelings he might take his book, when he had it written, to another publishing house, who then would have the privilege, so earnestly sought after by Messrs. Shekels and Shackles, of losing a considerable sum by its publication. On the subject of the illustrating of the book Mr. Shackles — he was the artistic, not the business, partner— had a good deal to say. He did not smile when Mr. Westwood men- tioned that there was a lady of his acquain- tance who would execute the drawings under his own supervision. No, Mr. Westwood was well out of the front door before he had a laugh with his partner, who did not laugh, but only winked at the notion of Mr. West- wood's lady friend. But while Mr. West- wood was in his room Mr. Shackles explain- ed quite courteously that he should like to see some of the lady's work, so that he should be in a position to judge as to whether or not it lent itself well to the pro- cesses of reproduction. That was how Sir Shackles gave expression, when face to face with Mr. Westwood, of the doubts which he afterwards formulated in a few well-chosen phrases, to his partner as to the artistic— the saleably artistic— possibilities of the un- named lady's work. Then Mr. Westwood had an interview with the management of the Royal Geo- graphical Society on the subject of his lec- ture, and the next day every newspaper in the kingdom contained a paragraph an- nouncing this fact, and most of them had half-column leading articles commenting upon the decision come to by the explorer, and pointing out that, owing to the extraor- dinary circumstances connected with his in- voluntary stay in the interior of the Dark Continent, the paper which he had so cour- teously placed at the disposal of the Society could scarcely fail to be the most interesting, as well as the most important, given to the world through the same body for many years. It was with great trepidation that Clare submitted her sketches to Mr. Westwood. He had, of course, to pay another visit to The Knoll in order to make a choice of the works to be sent to Mr. Shackles as speci- mens; and even when Claude had expressed himself confident that Mr. Shackles would be surprised at the high quality of the tech- nique in those he selected, the girl was not reassured. It was not till Claude had shown her the publishers' letter regarding the draw- ings— another visit had to be paid to the Knoll in order to show her this letter— that she began to regain confidence in herself. Her face was rosy with pleasure before Claude had finished reading the letter. The fact was that Messrs. Shekels and Shackles had come to the decision that they would be acting wisely in humoring Mr. Westwood in this matter of illustrations; and seeing that the specimens of Miss Tris- tram's work was susceptible of being im- proved by a judicious artist accustomed to manipulate such work as was to be repro- duced by certain processes, the letter on the subject had been as nearly enthusiastic as Messrs. Shekels and Shackles ever allowed themselves to become in the presence of their type writer. They had meant to gratify Mr. Westwood, and the reply which they got from him convinced them that their object was achieved. For the next week Clare spent her days on the green house, making sketches of all the tropical plants in Agnes's collection. From studying the general character of the illus- trations in several volumes of African travel —Agnes had on her shelves every volume of exploration in the continent— the girl be- came aware of the fact that the public will not believe that any drawing is offered to them in good faith unless it contains at least one tropical plant with which they are familiar. She made up her mind that the vegetation in her picture should be plen- tiful, however, far short it might fall in artis- tic qualities. This was the week during which Claude was occupied in the preparation of his paper for the Geographical Society; but in spite of his being so busy, he found time to pay more than one visit to The Knoll. His were business visits he was careful to explain. Yes, it was necessary for him to see that the backgrounds sketched by Clare at least suggested the tropics. Agnes stood by while he made his sugges- tions at these times, and when, now and again, she was applied to for an opinion on some point on which the others could not make up their mind, she gave her opinion— that was all the part she took in the transac- tion. She was beginning to be weary of the vegetation of the tropics and its adapta- bility to a pictorial treatment, though for some years of her life she had passed no day without reading a page or two that had some bearing upon Central Africa. She was startled as she reflected upon the change that had taken place in her views during a fortnight. She never wished to see another book on Central Africa. She could not even do more than pretend to take an inter- rest in the book which Claude was about to write and Clare to illustrate. Once as she heard him describe to the girl a scene which he thought she should be prepared to deal with in a picture, her mind went back to the nights when she had awaked shrieking from a dream in which she had seen him lying dead in the midst of the savages who had massacred him and his companions. She had had such dreams fre- quently during the months when the news- papers were writing their comments upon the disappearance of Westwood and his ex- pedition. How feeble and colorless would be the most spirited of Clare's illustrations compared to those dreams. She smiled as she recalled some of them. She wondered how it was possible for her ever to have taken so much interest in African explora- tion. It was certainly not a subject that many girls would pass several years of their life trying to master. Often when she glanced across the room and saw Claude there she asked herself if it was possible that she still loved him. (To be Continued.) 