:i: HATE AND LOVE. SCIH PT ER llh -: Anmax DAwE always kept hie' word, even when that word was the offspring of anger and vindictiveness. The sun did not set, for instaneoo, on the first day of Constance's im prisonment without seeing strong iron bare plaeood aceross the windows of the two rooms in which she was to live and sleep till it pleased her father to give her her liberty. These iron bare werenot altogethei Lan anneceessary precaution; for Loanders less strong of limb and determined of mind thati Loon Gray had before this brought down Heroes from higher battlements, Far more ridiculous weore the huge padlocks placed upon the door. "Whore is my maid ~" the prisoner askeod of the first domestia who ap. peared to attend her. "Oh, if you please, miss I" said the sympathetio girl, " Annetto has been discharged. Master gave her a great deal more than her month, but insisted upon her going. I know you would be vexed, and you have no idea how Annette oriod at the thought of leaving you. Your father did not allow her out of his sight till she wnsin the train for London; buhat she managed to give me this book, and hoped you would accept it to remomber her by. RShe cried, and said she know she oould never love any other mistress as slle loved .you, And thouen, miss," added the servant-girl, reducing her voiceo to a faint whisper, and looking with large round eyef all about tile room,--" and thenou, Annette knows you are in the right about young Mr. Gray; and we all know you are. You don't know how sorry we all are downstairs, miss. We weore crying all last night; and I think it was because Annette's syOb wore the reddest that master dis. charged her first. But we are all ex pecting to go. I hope we shan't though, boeause of you, mises." "And are you going to attend to me, Susan ?" Constanoe asked, feeling that she could kiss the girl for the ray of sunshine she had brought. "No, miss," Sunsan replied, dolofully. "Master gave us to understand that he was going to got someone in Au notto's place; and John, who took the letter to the post, says it was addressed to some asylum." Constance flushed with indignation at the word "asylum." "And so I am to be regarded as mad, am I," siel thought, "and have a keeper ?" "Yes," almost sobbed Susanu; " we shouldn't mind so much if we liehad boon going to soee you; but master says he wouldn't trust us out of hIis sight, and called uo such names, mies. I was a scheming minx, and John a time.sorving rascal. I forgot tihe other; but we all had names. Oh I dear," added the girl, interrupting her self; "that's master coming up. Oh I goodness, if he hals heard what I have said." Suanu was riglht, It was the go. vernor of the prison hIimeolf. He had no intention of coming into the room, but rattled a heavy key in the padlock outside. "Nose," he said, in a viooie that Basusan know wase intended for her especial intimidation, " what do you moan by staying up heoro all this time P You are a troelherous minx, and this is the last time I warn you. Come out of the room, and lot me see you go downstairs." "Coming, sir," calloed oeut tlhe torri fled Susan; and stopped to do nothing more in the room exocept takeo one of her mistrese's little Ihands and press it silently to hier lips. 'L'ho same night theore arrived from London a gaunt, sallow-food woman, in faded black, who lhad bon so long I an attendant upon the innano that she had boome. voery unoortlain-looking obost her own pals-blueo eyes. Before showing the rooms whiolh the prisoner was to inhiabit Mr. Dare closeted himself with the now-comer. Never in her life had Mirs. Jackto, 'late female assistant at the Turnhoead Lunatis Asylum, scntoed so pleasantl and profitable a job. Adam Dare ofcouroe stated the case ci' psrte. His daughter, he said, lhad formed an attaohment for a worthless person \- in the place and threatoedd to put hIis wishesou at defianoo by eloping with this same worthlels ierson. ItRolnuctnutly, iohe said, Iloe haid boon compolled to confino his daughter, to the house and take every precaution against her getting out of it. Ho had also, he said, felt it iuoum hent upon him to employ someone to look after his daughter whom he could trust-to wit, Mrs. Jacks, the untried. Mrs. Jaoks quito understood the c ase and in her own phraooology said: "It would require a body who could have their eyes in all corners at the same time; a body abovo temptation; and a body who, uudertakling a re. sponsiblo post, would expect to be remunerated nooordingly." It was in Adam Daro's power to satisfy Mrs, Janks in thle latter par tioular ; and, therefore, whien the eun next rose over the troees of Elmhurst Park, thie latter not only enclosed a prisoner, but a duly appointed "jail. resne," who was above temptation from the faot tlhat she believed, in a pooeuniary case, honesty to be the bout policy. Constaneo's virtual imprisonment and the canoo thereof as us matter of course exoroised thie Yowflold mind very considerably. In a plaeoo lees under the hIool of the autocrat who figured most prominently in its domostin drama theore would most Scertainly have boon domonstrations of some kind. In soaret, oeverybody called Adam Dare uncomplimentary nameso; but in publio cotntented thmselvoes by saying that what had happened was nafortunate for all parties." Of course, thlers lnd also boon vie. lent soeonsoa at HIomeloigh, thle resi dance of tile Grayso. In the morning Mr. Orey had returned, torn by Pibrambloe and smeared with slay, ano ,Adam Dnaro had done; and, lihe the ;rlatter, had beoon content with no other diiilolinition of what lhad occurred than i' that an attempt had beeoon made on Shis lifo, Hlfe, too, was bent upon appealing to the law to annoy and L !sarnee. Then, scarcely had the tur moil of the first seoone ended before it, was known that, in spite of the in. creased causeo for hatred, Leon loved the daughter of the man abhorred. Tue soenes at Homeleghb, however, wore mild compared with those at Elmhurs?t; and no iron bars or over. grown padlooks grew oat of them. ltill it was klnown to Yewfiold that an estrangement had taken place between father and son, and that the former had threatened to disinherit his son if the latter did not forthwith cxo tinguieb his passion. Conetaunoe knew not of this, and for the more restraint upon her liberty oared nothing. Had she not had to mourn the death of her love for her father she would have boon happier than for many long months. Her affeootion for Loon being knonown, 1o oould not hobut feel a tlhousand timoes happier now that the worst had hap. penoed than when that worst was threatoning to some and never defin ing its shape. It had adopted a very dcgrading, ludicrous shape, she was obliged to own, for it lhad taken the absurdt form of bars and padlooke. 3nt it was lo?s terriblo to know thie exoct features of tlhe evil thing than to conjure up an imaginary pioturo of the hobgoblin. Still there was thle mind-disturbing doubt as to how whatl hald lappened had affootod Leon's happines, Hadl it brought a cloud upon his home 2 Had it iujurod his prospeots ? Worse tlhan oither of theoi, would ihe, angered by thbo absurd dogradatione imposed upon hlir, bo tempted to not unwisely by attempting to comn bo tweon her anld liher father P Those and other queations suflloioent to drive rest from lthe brain and banilsh sleep were thi oief evils whioh beset Oontancoe in hler solitude. But night, lthough rootless, was not an unhappy time,. Mre. .Taoks did not lie in the same room. The thing lhad boon attempted, bul indignantly resented, and so the ex-attondant upon tihe insane now reo treated each night to an adjoining apartment. It was Constance's habit, as sleeop and she had so nearly parted com. pony, to sit up at night and road, or look out of windlow, in a traneoo of thought, upon the giant trees, for ever singing to her the songs of iher child. hood. Rarely would slumber be won till the morning light bergan to glnco the windows, aud then, in seeoominig con trariness, it woull close the eyes anud give swoot pictures in dreamland. In thoseo Sweet pictures the central figure was moro ofton than not her lover. Once she sawv him, with the bright halo of dreanmlanud around him, when, orash lI the picture faded, and Constance found herself etanding by iher bedosido, trying to still a fast-beat. ing heart. The sudden orash had been secarcely apropos to the dream, though the ingonions court painter in dreamland had, os uasnual, mado a little aonpital out of it. Quickly tihe mind asked itself a number of quoitiont. "Had gaunt, sallow- visaged Mrs. Jacks dared to attempt a visit of sur prise ??" "Hardly," came the answer;" with. out eho has considerable mimotio talent; for liher snoring in the next room is to the lifo." Then other questiono followed rela. tive to her faithr and thio seorvants; bat ailenco seeomed to prove them in. nocent of the loud ornash that ended the bright piouro and brought the dream at a buuad i t ut of dreamland. Constance walked to the window, and a eool breath, not expected, beogan. to play upon iher faeoo anud ripple hier hair, Tihe breath came from the wiudow, and glanoing up, was to be soon a perforated paRno, for a etoeo had numietaliably boon thrown through it. Aetonishment and indignatiou weore given but a momont to battle for the masetery, for thore on the other saido of the room, was the misoilo itsolf--a stono, to which was tied a folded lottor. In a moment the truth flashed aorons Constanco's mind. The lotter must have aomo from Loon, who in thin uneoxpeooted,way lhad triumphod over the diflioultios of communication that had appeared inourmountablo. The heart boat faIst, and the fingers flattered, as the letter was untiod and opened; and it was some moments before the mind was canlm onough to uideretend its words. It was a pacoionato letter, urging iher to try to esoapo and to marry Loon at once, Constance road and re-read the lot. ter till the sound of atops in the henoe told her that the household wac otir. ring; and then oie thrust the missive into her bosom. Long sho pondered over thio leottor; at last the strugglo of mind was over. Duty's oooupation csemod gone; love gained the victory, and the mind justi tied the conquecot. Often had oLotanuoo loooked ooearoh ingly at night for her lover amongthe maie of foliage, divided from the house by the wall, ttiet at this part of the grounds rosae to the oheight of seven tooeen or oightoou foot: Nevor yet had sabo eucooeodd in dietecting him; but one night, whenou npteibor was well. nigh out, the full harvest moon rose bright co burnished silver in Ic calm clear sky, and thoro, almost at the exact spot she had pictured him, Loon stood, as plainly visible as if the cun was in the eky. Ilo had soon her beforo soe could coo him, and was waving a white handklerohief to attract her attention, This was a happy moment for Con staneoo; but ehe did not riskl del!y. S3he waved a handlierohief in re sponoe. Ho saw it, and waved hio own with doubled vigour. Thon she umade him underetand what she was going to do; in pantomime, made beliovo to throw her handkerohief, adi heo, on his part, made beliovo to catch it, Thonu ohe opened this win dow to its fulleost extot, and itopping bhack to obtain due impoetus, the white. winged etone was limnohod by teor hand. So famous a throce was it that the moesengor inot only continued its aerial flight till the wall wav pamsed, but went above the head of its anxious eonsigueo. It wae soon found how over, and its finding wan signalled by the triumphant waving of tihe hand. kerohief. Conetancn only waitod for this nignal, and then, wafting one IhiEs, closed the window. Leon presned the note to bie lipe, and stealing through the park climbed the outer fence and struck out for Homeklcigh. Iio had a treaceurd now and was going to take it homeo with all speed. Leon wont ovei'to the:o gate and lound that bhe could road his tre?asn?ro without once wishing that the man in the moon would UBOe the souuteore. The note was brief, but contained all that Leon wanted. D)EnA LorN--Tho very rlone whlih bre.re this will toll you that I reoulrod your ,prroirus letter, It otme to me like a meOsagO from a hyppler world, though it ha. also brought mo grave and eorlous thought. I wich to do whast Is right-to do my duty to my fathIer above all thinge; and twenty timoe I heove eat dowo to tell you that my duty to him uwo olear. But whoen I Ihave como to write the word I have had to askl mysetrl if duty can have boing when love is dead. I will leave Ellmbuharst. I will come to you, to go wober over you sh.ll please to tkoe me. When and how I linouw not. But hoe lwaoye prepr.red. Months may elapPe, but come, euoor or ltuer, I will. It is a grave step, but it rabll be tuakeu, Oome ne, more into thebo park lout die. overy ttould be made, but wait patieutly till tle opportunity arrives for my oernpo. In good time a letter shall renol you, and you will find mo rlt thue pot I name ready to go with you to theI Irthrest corner of tbo eartlh. tinrk no more letters--indeod rrn no roik rf arny hind; but wail patiently for my ouroing. The time may bIe dietnot, but it will come at loot,-Your ownt, ODNSTANGE. Leon pressed tho letter to his lips. It contained more than he had hoped for. " She is coming to me;" he repeated to himself. ."Oomo shadow, come gloom, I will defy you with my one bright ray of sunshbine-my Con attenee I' HOIIAPTEIR IV, September died out in golden mel lowness, and October lived and disap psared in its purple robes, but still was Oonstanoo a prisoner. No oppor tunity had presented itself for escapo, and it seemed to the anxious ones that none over would. Throughout those woeeks, Adam Dare never came to his 'daughter's room exooept to look at the looks out side; but an intimation was conveyrd to her that he wao arranging for lher going abroad to a relative in Indis, with whom she was to remain till be thought fit to remove her. Each day thereforo Constance was fearful of hearing that she was to sot out for India, with M\rs. Jaclks as guard and guardian. The moment eho was callod upon to do this, how over, ohs intended to east off submis sion, and refuse steadfastly to go. Her fathor's will might be strong, but shelo had more tlhan a dim idea that lhers was equally strong. At any rate, Greek would mooet Groeek, and the tug. of-wao would be a tough one. For tho present however shebo made no show of opposition, and this pro bably, lhad much to do with the re laxation of the rnles under which sho was living. For example, sho had permission, under Mrs. Jack's guard, to walk in thebo park; and, inasmuch as this additional freedom might by some hobance give the opportunity of communicating with Loon, sho availed herself of this quoestionable liberty. Adam Dl)are was not without motive in giving his daughter this increased freedom, for he theroby gave Yewfield the opportunity of seeing hier if it oared to mount the park fonce and look over. It was getting noooesary that Yewfiold should see her, for, ns was to be ex. pcoted in a limited community, false, ridiculous, and dangerous rumors had began to be circulated far and wide. One rumor had it that Oonstanse was shut up in a room "three feet by four," and never saw the lighlt of day. Never seeing ".the light of day" sounded charmingly dreadful to Yew field oars; so this particular rumor was a favorite with all classes. Another version had it that she was nothing but a skleleton ; while a third had it that she wao already dead and buried. Maido and matrons visited onach other expressly to hear the last " atro. oity"; while childcron ran srteeming away from Adam Dare, as he walked down the villago street, as from an ogre who would make no more of eat ing them for dinner than would have done the ogres of fairy lore. Of oourso, among children of larger growth overything was whispered. Nevertheolens, there was little whioh did not eventually roanoh Adam Date's oars. The position was unpleasant; and though he essayed to chook the tongue of rumour by giving suspeooted tenants notioe to quit, Yewfield would not allow saoh a dolioato morsel of soandal to be dragged out of its tooth. An addittional aggravation threat oned. Yowflold had just ohanged vioars, and notwithetanding the faot that Adam Dare -wase one of the pillars of the Yowfiold ohuroh, it was noticed that in the introduotory sermon the now vicar had the hardihood to pronobah at him, choosing what Yewfiold termed an "awkward text," and looking straight at the Elmhnrst pew every time a referonoo was made to the world, the flehh, and the devil. II Adam Dare had possessed the power hlie would that first Sunday have oloned the eooloeiastioal mouth for over and relegated the now viouar to the place he talked about so mush in his sermon. But this was beyond even Adam Dare the Great. Ulti. mately he might, by keeping a sharp eye upon anndles and altar eaneopioe, to shoulder the vicar out; but for the present the latter was able to defy him. Adam Dare realisod tle poiition, and with a sardonio emile made up his mind for the present to hold the candle to the----to the now vicar. That was till his daughter wao ohippod to the East. He would propitiateo and east off the auos' skin: at a moro oonveniont timeo. Like all now men in now plsoeo, tihe now oiear determined to inaugurate now thing-.. e found Yowfiold witlh out a ourplio'bd choir, and resolved etraightway to put the somewhat "awkward equad " in white. This was a startling reformation, and Yew field at onoo oaw that the now vicar was no ordinary mau--a fact put be. yond all doubt by the ingenuionau moans by whioh ho proposed to raise the noooesary Inuda, Ho proposed to giveo an ontortain mont at the Church School-" ad minion, irxpence; children, ono ponny; brothere and cisters, two for thlroohalf-punc.'" The entertarinment was to conbist of dissolvin~g views illutrativo of theo omewhat antiquated visit of the Prinoo of Wa.les to India. With delight, Yowfield received tho neat handbillo sjotting this forth. Among the recipients of these bills wos Adam Dare. Whalt did Adnam D)ro do ? Did ho, n? Yowfield more than halfloexpected, rcfuso to Jot tLhoe entcrtaainment taIo plooo in tho rohool building of which he was the landlord ? Did he publish a mnonifoeo calling upopen owfield to otrnonuouly oppoose insidious innova. tions intounded to srubvert ohuroh and olato 2 No; he did nono of thoao things, 1Io did something mnoh more oxtraor dinary. IIo callod upon the now vicar por. sonally, mado himself particularly agroeanble, and, nas an old Auglo-In dicn, volunteoorod to doaseribo tho EaNtern 0oon0s prosonted to Yowfield. Still more wonderful, he gave the now vicar to undorotand that his dauoghter would acoompany him and prosido at the piano., All this he did to give long-tounguoed rumour the lia, and provo that, ogre as hia onomiou would maho him out to bo, his daughter was neither a koeleoton nor a ghost. 'Thonow vicar was delighted. He taoitly rotraoted the hard words of the previous Sunday, and that came day told his curato to take carn in future not to emphasineo the " wilcked mzn." Yowfield oould barely believe its soenses when it wont forth that Con. stanoe Daro might be soon alive at thebo church ochoolroom on Wednesday, November the 12th. Tickets woro bought as fast as they weoro printed. Fortunate indeed weeas the now vicar, for in Oonutanco Dare he possceoed a greater" draw" than a mormaid or hiirleon horsu. To a cer tomiu extent he saw hio chance, and half of (he penny seaots woro mado twoponny ones; and no dfferonce, it was understood, couli be made in families of lose than twelve children. The demand upon her serices wasn conveyed to Gonetaneoo by Mirs. Jaolos. IlHer first impalne wnas to indigunantly refteo, aftor what had oeourrod, to malke horoolf pnblio, DBnt oro a word escoapod her lips, a thought ilhshed through her mind that brought a strange brightuess to her eyes, and it wasn only by a great neffort of will that she oontrolled the voice which throeat ened to betray by a toll-talo tremor. "Tell my father," sho said, " that I would much rather not make myself publio, but that if he insists I will aoeompany him to thi entertainment. Toell him also that I shall require a piano brought up in this room to prao tioe upon. The small oottageo one will do; but I muet have one, and also my mnsio." When Mrs, Jlackse weont down Con taunoo's face for a moment became a study for all.absorbing thought. The brow was knit, and the fixed eyes read in the pattorn of the carpet tho ques. tion askled by tbo mind. The long.waitod.for opportunity seeoomed to haove come at last. A hur ried note must be written to Leon, and entrusted in scret to any servant who helped to bring the piano into the room. The risk of trusting a man, womaun or ahild was torrible to con template; but Constance felt that the servants respected bher and sympa. thised with her, and would not betray. Pens and papor wore at hand. No difficulty attaohoed to the mere writing of the letter; but thh hands were bound to tremble, and the brain to feeool almost powerloes to reopond to the simple call madeo upon it. oBut at last the lotter was writton. DoeAn ~lioN,-Tho imea bnat lat Ii come when weno maoy attempt, even if we eannot ewo. ooed. Thbo stake we play for is heavy, for my fother shortly intends to eand me to a rolativo ton ladle, Bat I ?out not wante the prcoious momonta in aepeaklnol bthi now. I mant beateon on. On Wednoeday Oevcnlg net, at eight o'eloek, there is to he en entelrtainment at the oohurch nohool- dieeolvicgobme, repro. eBotinog Indian lifi, Btraies to eay my fatter ham wolnteoroed to doeaeribo thie soues fLom hItle Iludin experioeos, Itill otronugcer,I am to ocoompnany him,.. Ho mnoet have n motive in this appearion of mine, but I will not stop to conjecture what it te. I cannot call to mind, us I write, the puoition of the school room doere; but the room will be oIirlkoued to show tihe views. lako nil your proparations for onr flight; eome to ho a ohool with all corcoyJ, and elatnd at theo outer door. I shllti chooso a momenot lwhen my father is oogngod, a?n?d the room is darketn to stoel out. Tboe let no fly whither you dearoe. I shalll do nothing rnohly, but ftel that this may be my only chaseo. I confido thi letter to eno of our rarvaute. The risk is great, but I ?ool that we hnlll not be buetrayed, It is now Thursday. Yon haie six days to malne yonr preparations. Upon them depoude ocvorytllng, but I do not lfear for your jodgmeont at this. terrible areiali -Your own, 0ONRTANOI, This letter wans thirst, for sefe-hloop. ing, olose to the heart that boat eo load and fast. It was some time, hloweover, boefore a disturbor came. Whou interruption did come, it was theo piano, brought up with much otumbling by Mrs, Jacks and threeoo of the old servants--one Busaan, of all the most traotped by Oonsttnoo. Thoe piano wao set down, and when the three old servants had loolked long and wistfully at their :young mistress, they prepared to leave the room. The inetrument was nocurately plaood; but Contuance, for once in her lifo, had to bo an antroses. " Busan," shoe said, " como and raise this one log while I place something bonoeath it. The piano is unsteady." Bunan cameo banok to oxonto the bidding, and her young mistress stooped down; but habo placed nothing bhoneatl the already steady log-only put her tightly.folded note in the hand of the astonished girl at her side. Mrs. Jacks was at the door, so there waso opportunity for one brief whispor. Stean," came the wlhispor, " I put my trust in you. Take this note to him with all: spoed and seorecy. Go--I ttuat to yon." Suoan ghlmood quickly into the face of her young mistreso, who, after that look, had no fear for the fate of her lotter. (To te contlinerl.) 