THE PHANTOM OF CASTLE Dil Vun«M L ' C / nAN. I I T was a wild, stormy evening upon which j Will t>arrellarrived Olid took pogseuion ' ot his suddenly- j ucqnirwi estate of j B'lllyran, County Galway. Ireland, Young, handsome, and talinted, Will Tbnall bad ttiojipled, since his boyhood, wtkb adversity, and' noir, at the ag&of; -and-twenty, fonndlnmralf a rich man, hirinf; woko op ono morning to the knowledge ol a legacy, from a distant and till then unknown relative, ot t wenty thousand pounds and-fastle Ballyran. The money was' in the Funds, and a transfer had boo* efieoted, when l)«rroll resolved upon a journey to the sister oountry to inspect flie property; el w&ob; ho had heard only a conlosed .account. He fouod, on his arrival, that the Castle was a venerable old pile;'and a' young end eotbusisstio artist, Darre'll viewed his possession with rapturous eyes. far from any town, and at a considerable dlfetanpe even from the nearest village,-the' old cistle stood alone, in desolate grandeur, overhanging the rocky "seashore. The apptpach lay over a bleak arid almost barren upland, and tl\e gusty" wind howled shrilly to the roaring waves.- It was upon ona of tho last days of October, the evening of which was <<laait)g in, ss Darmll. with his Irish aftenfc, entered the great hall of the castle. A portion only of the (treat building was habitable, and for years no one bad resided there hut an old man named Mike, and tbe crone, Kis wife, who were tbe custodians of the plaoe, and had grown grey withm its walls. Will Darrell and the agent were reoeived tnbst reverentially by the ancient couple, and were conducted to tbe chief chamber on the ground floor, the banquet halt of former ciays. It loomed- large and lefty, and dimly e»nd in tlie grey twilight, rendered yet more obscure .by the discoloured windows, through which everything was thiowu in shadow. The panelling was ofv black oak, relieved by the gilded quirterinpe of old famines, and the dim portraits of old generations. At the farther end of the chamber was a dais,and above it lio.ng some tattered banners, which had dune goei service in their dav, and drank the blood and licked the dust of many a well-fought field. There were arms of almost every age, and here end there complete suite of rusty mail etooi out like gaunt and warlike spectres. A long table occupied tbe centre of the hall, but a few chairs only stood at'its head. Towards theBe the newcomers made their way as old Mike entered, bearing huge candelabra*. Above tbe immense chimney-piece was carved some incident of the early-wart, the design of which was lost to the eager artist's eyes of the young legatee, by the smoke that issued in thick volumes from the turf an5 green wood, bat ne.wly-lighted on tbe large hearth beiigath. " Welcome, Ur. Darrell. Cead Mille Failthe, welcome to tbe old castle ! may you live long, eir, to.reside in it with all honour anjl prosperity 1" exclaimed tbe agent! warmly. " f^eaicTe in it I By my faith I'll never leave it I What a glorious old place ; its ruinous aspectdelights pic more that) would a gorgeous palace with o'ur latest modern improvements." Gazing kdmiringly around, Will Darrell was only roused from the mpst pleasant of ruminations bjr'the return of the old people, bearing a couple of trays burthened with disiies cpntaining boiled and roast fowls, dried salmon, cakes, oaten bread, and two decanters of whisky. Tired and hungry, the artist and the genial agent did full justice to- all that was placed before them, the former partaking almost too freely of the potent potheen Until eleven o'clock?the -jovial companions caroused, when Mike offered to conduct tbem to their apartments for tbe ni^jit. The withered serving man, like most of bis (Use, was garrulous in the extreme, and full of stories of gboste and banshees. To those latter Will Dsanll listened with much interest and an ambled'emile. One tale particularly rjvetted the attention of tbe yonng artisit ;it was of a phantorn whom report ..jreilitod • with prowling and gliding about the old castle at midnight —the phantom of a young and lovely woman in white. The agent having retired, Darrell, consulting his watoli with a humorous smile, asked tbe aged qervitor what particular portion of the castle was most favoured by the ghost, and was informed that the lovely phantom had been seen gliding about in the habited portion, ol the building as as often as tbe chambers that were falling into ruin and decay> " VerywelJ, Mike. They say, * Alter dinner sit awhile, after supper, walk a mile.' So, as I feel now not at all inclined for re pose, give me a lantern and I'll amuse myself by finding out if this pretty pl^ntom will ehow up to the new lord of ber domain." " Musha, an' it's going ovor the castle aU by yourself, your honour, and close on midnight 1 Oclione, it's tempting Providence, ahure I " said the old man trembling and devoutly crossing hijnself.' " Oh, don't you fear, Mike, a lady ghost or no ghost won't frighten Will Darrell; and,* perhaps, as I'm a single young man the female phanioin will run away from me instead of after me." "Beda'd,- the pretty colleen niay lead you out on the rooks, shure, an' yer honour may be carried away the same as young Pat Doolan, who wa«>lost ontoirely, blown out' to'sae.and never heard o^again, Musha I V " Well, I'll chance, the rooks^tbe vind. and the sea. Mjke, give me a lantern ; I'pa determined to find tbe'phantom'of Castle Ballyran, so say no more, but ofi with you to* your old dame, and leave me to loo^ about for this young one. In'the flesh orout of it) I'U have speech with' hjnvthgugh al) tbe shades of my ancestors aurroijpded her." Laughing fit the lug|ibDious jsriitor.the young lord'of 'theold castle, receiving a lighted lantern hom bis trembling hteds, boldly, strode from the bsrifluet tall, aqd presently begap to moiint tlie" dilapidated staircase without. 1 .. The walls broken, apd the casements beaten in,the wind in 6tfnVblwts>»(l rush ing sweeps met him in full foree asat, length he gained a narrow landing plate above, The bold Mfitfc, stopplpg nqr Jim a tnomsnt, stood by an oppn'nifhe to b|gk)h» tht iricb* air and li>t*n to th» «M£k M U>9M » ,u, . lt lavedthe beach, laqebin, aloud a, attVacted by th. Klar. of the lan tem a huge cat dathed fnll in bis face ^ thi very moment that an «wl set up her melan cboly, weird' tu whit, tu whoo I Purtuine his way through a long gallery undismayed by the rals that, etartled fron their helee, eeampered over the black flooi like frightened rabbits, Will Barrel), hold 3ng1ii|;h the lantern, pressed on until hi gained an apartment, vast, gloomy and verj vwntily provided with omsy autiquo furni turo.. A bed at one side tlie room looked darkand hearse-like, and its proportions fee the eye of tbe artist seemed fit for a com' j»ny of- light infantry, who might pre •viously have sat down together to sup it the fireplace, where four green logs wen making asthmatic attempts at a smoke The walls were bung with torn arras, ant there were half-a-dozen portraits of forme) owners of Castle Ballyran. At the farther end of the room from tht bed Darrell observed a door, that apparently opened into some- lasser chamber. Profound quiet now'reigned throughout the old building, and, swinging hi* lantera to and fro, WillDarrell was stepping to th< floor that had attracted his attention when he was startled by a loud sigh and the taptap of tiny foeb as 1 though a child was running across'the floor. "60 the ghosts are beginning the gam*. I never heard yet that phantoms required fires to warm themselves by, and, as this apartment was certainly not intended fot my bed-chamber, situate as it is in the uninhabited part of the castle, the matter, to ssy the least of it, looks saspicioas. I made up my mind to have a equint'at old Mike's phantom, and it appears to me jny curiosity respecting the female ghost is very likely to be gratified." Soliloquising thns, Will Pari ell, .undetorrred by the sound of a faint moan, boldly, made for the door fronting tlie bearse-like bedstead. The means of egress to this chamber being on the latch the bold young artist' threw it back on its hinges, starting and ottering an exclamation of wonder as hs canglit sight of the figure of a young woman. A lovely woman, habited in a white dress, and who by her attitude a« she stood staring at the intruder, whilst ia her astonishment and alarm grasping for support the back of an easy American , chair, tras as surprised and confounded as he was. Tor a moment Will Darrell stood upon tbe threshold,, staring in amaze at the beautiful vision before him, and then -with a loud laugh made a dash forwards,.as the woman with a shriek bonnded away like a yonng fawn out through an opening in the wall at tbe baek of the chamber. A huge panel having been slid aside by an unknown hand, tbe fair occupant had at once availed herself of this retreat opened to her. About to follow the substantial phantom, tbe young Irishman was seized in the grasp of a shock-headed Irishman, who, with a broad grin npon his tanned' and humorous features, exclaimed : " Whist, yer honour 1 be aisy ; I've seen (like, be tould me as ye,meant to sa» the phantom of the castle, and, b.edad 1 you've frightened the banshee instead of her frightening you. Bbure, but come, Musha, it's all tbe boys asll be glad to sae yer honour." Humph I I think I understand matters. However, lead on my friend, I'll fol- Jow 1" ejaculate! Darrell, at once unhesitatingly treading in the footsteps of his guide. Threading tbeir way onward through tbs deserted chambers, they presently reached' a roofless tower, andftom thence descended a long winding staircase leading to the erage. Over these was Darrell conducted by his guide, he knew net whither, beariug only the bellowing of the ocean, and tlie scream of the sea-bird. At length a dark object, seemed to oppose further progrecs, but" the Irishman- thrust the brushwood aside, and led the way on through a narrow, winding passage, apparently hollowed out of the rocks. A loud shout now broke upon the ears of Darrell, and the next instant he was in the centre of a wild group who welcomed him with uproarious cheers and boijterorus mirth te the smugglers'.cave of Ballyran. With a laugh sua hearty as tbeir own. Will Dgrrell seated himself upon a keg, and much to tbe delight of his rough companions gulped down a glass of pure potheen that b* felt assured had never paid duty. ' The story was soon told to the amused young artist; Castle Ballyran, offering admirable facilities for head qnartera, Dan Raffevty's smuggler band had decided to rpread the report of tbe building being haunted. Norah, the chiefs daughter, a romantic, bold young colleen, consenting to onset tbe role of phantom. Surprised, however, that night by tbe new lord of the caatle, we have seen how tbe young lady ghost ran for it, instead of mirthfully be holding the flight of her vietims. The carouse of the smugglers and tbeir, honoured guest was kept up till early morn, Will Darrell deriving much amusement from 'the confusion of the agent and old Mike, who both bad, of course, been in league with the smugglers. We never, beard it the smuggler band after this discovery dispersed to " fresh fields and pastures new,' but we do know that Will Dairell became the husband of the pretty phantom of Castle Ballyrari. > 