, NEWS OF THE DAT. The Premier nnd the other members oi the Ministry will entertain a huge number of guests at a garden party nt Parliament House this afternoon to enable them to meet the visiting delegates to tlie Federal Convention. Carriages will set down guests at the steps at the main entrance. The gucslB will be received by tlie Premier and his colleagues in the Queen's Hall, from whence special approaches have been made through the library to tlie garden. Entree cards must be produced at the outer door, and handed to the attendants in tlie hail when being announced. A large ladies' pavilion lias been erected in the gardens. Guests on leaving will take up their car riages at tlie Gisbornc-strcet entrance. It is highly probable tlie Federal Conven tion will Jind itself in an awkward fix over the rivers. question. Another day was spent upon the matter yesterday without arriving at any decision, and it was no wonder that nt tlie close of tlie sitting Sir John Forrest should complain that tlie discussion had been unduly prolonged. The question before tho chair wns the acceptance of a pro posal by Mr. Isaacs that Parliament should have control of rivers that were per manently or intermittently navigable, but that no State was to be prevented from _ using sucli rivers for tlie purposes of conser vation and irrigation, having regard to the needs and requirements of any other State for conservation and irrigation purposes. It will bo seen that Mr. Isaacs's sub- section ntnde irrigation tlie first consideration. Irri gation might interfere with the navigation of a river, but under tlie amendment there would be no power to stop that irrigation. If, however, the water schemes of one co lony prejudiced tlie supply for irrigation purposes in another State, then on the prin ciple laid down in American law, that the persons livingalongthebanks of a river had . a right to an equal share of the waters. Par liament would be entitled to Btep in and say tlint such schemes were unreasonable. Notwithstanding tlie preference given to ir rigation in tlie amendment it was defeated, seven Victorians voting with the majority. It may now be determined that all tlie powers required iu connection with rncr control arc contained in sub-section 1 ot tlie clause giving power for the regulation of trade and commerce. If Mr. Bartons reading of that section is correct, it um> mean that Parliament will have power to check water conservation because it inter feres with navigation, and that is a contin I rcncv surely not contemplated by Sir George I r mei will liia collenguea who voted ym- I £d£iithKew South Wales. It .night I .. that on the pica that wo were m- I uring the navigation of the Murray Victoria I would be ordered to tube down its irrigation I works on the Goulhuru. I The progress of the debate on the river |i -nj-tion has shown a singular development I: \ vic„. When the Convention adjourned I Wednesday the probability wns that Mr. I . amendment would lie carried. But I inTiic cariv part of the sitting yostcrduy it If ,1S apparent that the feeling which up- I nearcd io in favor of South Australia hnd I iit'rtially veered round to a support of New |i jjont|, Wales. Sir John Forrest, it was K thoiiBl'h vv«ilcl take his nine faithful bcncli- I men into the lobby with South Australia, |i |)Ut l0 everybody's surprise he approved of i. t|1B c|ainis of New Soutli Wales. Great re- I rst 1Viis occasioned also among the friends i of the federal control of rivers by the ftp- J parent desertion of Sir George Turner. The I; |j'l(|e (i,e Victorinn Premier lias said on the I; jabjcct, and the ninny interjections lie lias E made, all pointed to u strong sympathy I South Australian claims; yet he wns i found yesterday supporting the views of I Seiv Soutli Wales. Sir George Turner strong- It It objected to the latter part of Mr. Isancs's I amendment, which allowed water conscrvu- I? on to sucli an extent as, in the opinion of I the inler-Slntc commission, wns not unjust f or unreasonable. He seemCd to be desirous |: 0| giving power to any State to do what it I I pleased in conserving water for irrigation I: purposes, and his proposal elicited a unnni- I mous protest from the South Australian I:' delegates that Hint was just what they were I' endeavoring to prevent. If South Australia's disappointment at the I, jctiou of Sir George Turner was expressed |i is strong terms by Air. Symon, who de- I dared that the Victorian Premier's speech I: nunc upon them "like a bolt from the blue," |: for it destroyed every virtue Air. Isaacs's I amendment possessed, and they had reaBou I to deplore that Victoria had betrayed them. I Some interesting sparring, in the nature of |i a cross-examination, took place between Air. I |c|d mid Mr. Isaacs. The former thought If he had Air. Isaacs on the horns of a dilem- I: ma by pointing out that the preservation of I the navigability of rivers involved the con- li trol of liorhors, and lie wanted to know if I the federation was to have charge of the I improvement of all the harbors round the I coast. The Victorian Attorney-General had I. no difficulty in disposing of this piece of I casuisiiy by showing that his amendment I only referred to rivers which served the I: purposes of trade between the States. A I broad construction was placed upon the I; trade and commerce sub-section by Mr. Bar- I Ion, who sought to show that that section I did all that both colonies required. The in- I tcrpretatiou placed by Air. Barton on the I first snh- scction considerably alarmed Air. I Lyne. He could not accept sucli a rending, I because it gave away everything New South I Wales hnd been contending for— a remark I that showed how determined were some I Sew South Wales members to claim the I absolute control of the Alurray feeders. I One of tho mildest and least obtrusive I members of the Convention is Dr. Cock- I burn, of Soutli Australia. He seldom I speaks, hut like a certain nautical parrot he I thinks a lot. Pondering over the rivers I question, tho Soutli Australian Alinister of I Agriculture remembered that at the Con- I vention of 1891 ATr. AI'AIillan made a speech I that was completely at variance with the I position taken up by the latter gentleman. I Dr. Coekburn hnd unearthed that historical I deliverance, and amid the laughter of the I Convention read a speech made by Air. I M'Jlilliui which gave away all that Soutli I Australia now claimed. The New South I Wales Treasurer, as ho was then, not only I claimed the federal control of all rivers run- I ning between two or more States, but also I the regulation of the tributaries of those I rivers. Soutli Australia asked for nothing I more, and the doctor urged Mr. AI'AIillan I . to stand by the reasonable and federal I view he took seven years ago. The New I South Wales member could only smile I vaguely as this ghost of the past, was par aded before him, and the pity is that it was I not dug out before; it would luive effcctu- I' ally silenced some of those violent harangues ; in which Ah. Al'Atillnn tins ignored the true \- federal sentiment, and adopted the narrow provincialism of State interests. After Dr. Coekburn hnd concluded the quotation, Air. Howe remarked, "Surely it is not the same ; man?" It wns not only Hie same man, but, as Dr. Coekburn remarked, Hie views ex- pressed in Hie speech deserved greater atten tion than anything the lion, member might say now, because lie spoke in 1891 ns a re sponsible Alinister in New Soutli Wales. Mr. M'Millan's only retort wns, "Who put you up to that; you nro too harmless a dove to have found it out for yourself." In the several divisions that took place On the matter, Air. Isaacs's amendment was the basis of Hie question put. Air. Higgins j proposed to leave out the words suggested by the Victorian Attorney-General, with i the view to replacing tliem by an amend ment giving the Parliament power to ad just rj parian rights between States. That was defeated by 26 to 18. Air. Glynn then I moved to insert words providing for conser vation and irrigation to such an extent "as, I in the opinion of the Parliament" wns not unjust or unreasonable. To Hie utter con- fusion of New Soutli Wales the amend ment was carried by 24 to 20. Air. Reid raised his voice in passionate protest, de claring that an attempt wns being made to twist the constitution in a sinister way to serve the interests of one State. Such a \- power in tho bill would kill federation, was . the comment of Air. Fraser, though lie ab stained from saying how that calamity would be brought about. An equal disre- k gold for tho precise effect of tho amendment I was shown by Air. Peacock, who pleaded I ; -I'll irrigation should be the prime conside ration, and that (here should be no linuta- I 'en upon the power of a State to conserve I; water. ! ho A ictorinn Chief Secretary had I. evidently not studied Hie amendment, or he : would have seen that irrigation was made paramount to everything else. Sir George : turner contended, quite illogical', that the out three imes would practically kill con servation and irrigation; and, -added Air. I frasor> "federation." The dismal forebod- I J"ss Is lo bhc effect of Air. Isaacs's proposi- ion by those who did not understand its I ,niPort resulted in Hie defeat of tho pro- I L5 ncw sub- section by 24 votes to 20. r , ,s mother day was barren of result, and I ,'e "'P'itteo was as far oil the settlement 1 tlle "vers question us ever. I |ila,tilnVV,,CI' one corner of Hie colony is ' wrn'o8"''" "lld made io gape . uui the continued affliction of a three i J® "bought, it is satisfactory to find at the revenue as yet shows no signs of nous loss, aiul is even exhibiting some im- \- P ovcmcnt. The amount received for the ; i-m.iT1!13 Cnded 31st Januuiy was ; utmn t'l I e!"S a'.' illc'rcase of £158,444 inrr « i v receipts in the correspond- r»vem,r'f a tlle Iast financial year. The of January amounted 01 £8oU n,ore than tl,afc ool- custo ,,m f,Eilin,e ,nontl1 of last 5'«ar. Tlie ; y,c Wed £163,401, being on increase ' dr-ri!"? f1'1 January-, 1897, of £11,670, ; wmca principally from goods subject to ad em duties. There was also an in- \- oa livn i oo 'lried fruits and of £2739 ; B r ' galn8t tllese> sugar showed a Tl.o -0 , 33. and tobacco of £1200. 1 of JmiT in £G0'880' an increase ! hct ,. " 1)0,1 tlie return for January of ' wllioh duties on the estates of . "JMW persons contributed £8502, and ; i. , y £B80. The decreases in this i "muntcd to £3076, including a fali- ' W 1 174,1 on bank notes. From terri- , rarial revenue £32,038 were received, show- ; „f iLfeC,rea8<: ol £3407 on account of nrrears has.vu?!18 l"ts- 1?llihvuy income also t0 ., Ig y suffered. Tlie amount received » i! ?lont"'s business was £223,370, which a, r ? m5S than the return for Jan- iniiLu 6t year" 0n tlie ther hand, tlie us„ revenue grouped under the «ung fees showed, in a total of £67,714, an increase of £1293, due to extra sales of stamps. A. side light— a not very flattering one in the. main — on our secondary education sys tems is furnished in the result of tho exa minations held on the 14tli and 15th nit. for Government exhibitions. The Edlicii- tion. department is empowered to offer yearly 20 exhibitions of an nnnunl vnlue of £40„nnd tenable for four years, at the AIcl-. bourne University. The results this year urc so unsatisfactory that tlie department hns decided to innkc only 13 awnrds. Out of a possible 750 niarks, the highest number achieved wns 590, and below this tlie record steadily dwindles until a minimum of 477 is shown in the case of the thirteenth ac cepted candidate. The following are the names of Hie first six ou tlie list in tlie order of their merit, with tlie names of the schools which tlicy represent; — Elizabeth J. Lo thian, Presbyterian Ladies' College; Harvey Sutton, St. Andrew's College, Bendigo; John P. L. Kenny and Christopher Finlay- soiij Cnullicld Grammar School; Ada V. Griffiths, Presbyterian Ladies' College; John P. Alinogue, South Alolbourno Col lege. No fewer than 250 candidates failed to come up to Hie required standard. Some of them were far below. The problem of tho phylloxera plague re mains a problem still, and there is no one at present sanguine enough to hope that any cllcctivc means will be found to entirely free the colony of it. On tho contrary, ac cording to the Viticultural Board, which debated tho matter on Wednesday, phyl loxera has so far become a settled disease of tlie couutry as to make advisable a radi cal abandonment of the Government policy with respect to tho means taken for its limitation and suppression. Air. Craike, a well-known member of tlie board, succeeded in convincing his colleagues that it would bo not only undesirable, but impossible, for tho Government to continue its system of paying compensation for the uprooting of vines affected, on tlie scnlc adopted iu tlie case of a number of the' vineyards in the Geclong and Bendigo districts. He urged, and a majority of tlie board agreed with him, that in future no compensation whatever should be paid, and that, in lieu of it, growers whoso vines were destroyed as phylloxera-infested should be given tlie right of immediately replacing them with "phylloxera resisting vines." Air. Blayncy wns tlie only one on the board who dis agreed with tho decision. He thought it hard that a vineyard should have to be utterly demolished without compensation, and tlie grower -left to start afresh with vines from which lie could not hope for any considerable return for several years, while there were others wtio had already received very large Bums of State money as a satisfaction of their losses. Air. Blayncy advised Hint the vine growers' associa tions throughout the colony should he con sulted before any representations Wqro made to the Government on tho question. Residents of lvorumburra telegraphed to the Chief Secretary yesterday, through their shire council, a request that lie would nego tiate oil their behalf with the Aletropolitan Fire Brigades for an immediate supply of hose and some hydrants for use in connec tion with measures which were being taken to protect tlie township from bush fires in its neighborhood. Tlie brigade was promptly put in receipt of Hie request and complied with it, sending three hydrants and some GOO feet of hose by an evening train. The re sources of tlie brigade are, however, as may be imagined, not equal to meeting any fur ther demands of the kind, and country bodies will do well to bear this in mind. Tlie annual sports organised by the staff of tlie Kew Lunatic Asylum for Hie enjoy ment of Hie inmates took place yesterday in tlie spacious paddock of the asylum enclo sure. Of some 1500 inmates there were about 080 able to participate in the outing, compris ing 253 females, 2ti0 males and 107 children. The programme included races, jumps, &c.;, suited to tlie capacity of the competitors, and lliey were otherwise entertained by liieny-go-ronuds, punch and judy, daneing on tlie green and in a multitude of other ways. Notwithstanding the heat of Hie day members of tlie staff worked witli as siduity, and the inmates fell into tlie humor of the sports with a liveliness of spirit, and evident enjoyment which was cheer ing to witness. At about midday all sat down to luncheon, ntid during the afternoon there was a great drain on Hie supply of aerated waters and cordials. The picnic was attended by a large number of friends and relatives of inmates, and altogether a very enjoyable time of it was had by one and all. At the last meeting of tlie Harbor Trust the resignation was received of Commis sioner Brunton, Ai.L.C., tlie reason assigned being a contemplated visit to Europe. Air. Brunton, in saying good- bye, expressed warm thanks to his colleagues on the trust for tlie pourtesy with which they had in variably treated ltini.' On tlie motion of tlie chairman (Commissioner W, Cowper), cordially seconded by Commissioner XV. J. Alountain and supported by Commissioner John Blyth, the acting secretary was direc ted to convey to Air. Brunton the apprecia tion of tho valuable services rendered by him during the seven years lie hud been a member of Hie trust, and their regret at his resignation. Although the Premier, over a year ago, counselled the municipalities und tlie com mittee of tlie Victoria Racing Club to come to some arrangement amicably over Hie claim of the former that the public should have free access to tlie Flemington race course, the dispute still remains unsettled. Sir Ceorge Turner bus now intimated his intention of dealing with the subject at the close of Hie present Federal Convention. Signal rockets, it may be expected, will form a conspicuous item in tins yenr's ac count for the maintenance of ports and liar- loirs. During tlie four worst days of the siiinUc haze on Hie const, no fewer than 9(H) 'rockets were used at t-he Otway station alone in order to locate tlie positions of the liglitbouscfor passing ships, which could not possibly discover Hie slation through the naze. Ordinarily tlie number stated forms a full year's supply. Tlie Point Lonsdale and Cliffy Island stations also have fired a great number of these signals. In the cose of Cliffy Islnnd, the station was so thickly enveloped by the haze that tlie usual daily "All well" signal could not bo read by Wil son's Promontory. Tho Government steamer Lady Loch went down on Wednes day with a full supply of rockets for both the Otway and tho island station. Cape Otway lias, during tlie prevalence of the haze, been firing the signals every five min utes, but under instructions from tlie autho rities tlie intervals have been lengthened to 10 minutes, which is regarded on tlie Eng lish coast- as suflicientv frequent. The de partment had on liana 2600 rockets in ad vance of tho usual annual requirements, but owing to the exigencies which have arisen further stocks will bo immediately ob tained. Every signal fired costs about Is. Gd. Propositions have been made by the public health authorities for dealing with tlie French ninil steamer Caledonion, on board which a Lascar seaman has deve loped small-pox, us was stated in "Tlie Age" of yesterday. Tlie vessel will proba bly arrive in Ifobson's Bay on Saturday. There is only one passenger for Alelbourne on board, but there are a number for Syd ney, nnd the agents of the Bteamer will en deavor to persuade the Alelbourne passen ger to go on to the northern port, where tlie vessel and all on board will be placed in quarantine. If Hie passenger assents to that course there will be very little trouble here. The Calcdonien will remain at the outer anchorage, where her Alelbourng cargo will be lightered by men who have recently been vaccinated. As the steamer proceeds outwards Hie lightermen will he left at the quarantine station, where they will be subjected to the usual process of dis infection. The cargo, after being fumi gated, will be landed. The appointment of a public vaccinator for Port Alelbourne, over which some tur moil has arisen between the local council, which favored the candidature of a local firaetitinnc (Dr. Alalcolmson) and the card of Health (which had selected for the post Dr. W. II. Owen, of Soutli Alelbourne), is at length settled. The Alinister of Health lias decided in favor of Dr. Alalcolmson, on the seemingly fair and eommonsense ground that it is desirable, where possible, to con fer the office of local public vaccinator on the health officer of the district, or at any rate on a local practitioner. Dr. Alalcolm son is tho health officer for Port Alel bourne. In furtherance of the proposal to reprade the Hawthorn railway line, Air. Alathieson, accompanied by Air. Norman, Engineer for Existing Lines, visited Richmond yesterday a,nd1.c.0,l'crrc<l with the council as to the abolition ot several level crossings between East Richmond station and the Richmond lark. The departmental estimato of the entire cost of the work is £30,000, but us only a third of this sum is available for ex penditure, the erection of bridges at Cop- pin-street und 'the entrance to the Rich mond Paris is all that can at present, be undertaken. The plans submitted provide for a structure at the firstnnmcd place, about 14 feet above tlie present level of the rend, and another bridgo over Swan-street, with nil altitude of about 12 feet. The streets would have to lie raised accordingly, niul it wns also stated that' Aladdeu-grove, a thoroughfare constructed at great expense to tho council, would have to he closed up altogether. The majority of the councillors expressed themselves as adverse to these proposals, and gave AIv. Alathieson to under stand that they would prefer to see the work delayed unless the department was prepared to lower the line instead of raising the roads. Tlie matter will be further dis cussed by the council at its next meeting. Sneaking at a social gutheriug in the Richmond town hall yesterday afternoon the Commissioner of Railways observed that nil enormous sum was paid in wages by the department, nnd that Wherever ill this direction judicious economy could be effec ted, as, for instance, by abolishing level rail way crossings, it was the duty of tlie de partment to see that it was done. They hnd one branch line, about 15 miles in length, ui connection with which a sum of £1500 a year was paid alone in wages. He knew of certnin districts which were really entitled to a better train service, hut the heavy working expenses precluded tlie department 'm0m I,rovulinS increased accommodation. 1 lie officers administering tlie railways re- cognised that they were the servants of the public, entrusted with an important public duty, anil it wns their aim to study the wcl- tare of the community as a whole. A missing portmanteau led to an action which was heard by Judge Gnunt in the County Court yesterday, and in which the liability of an hotclkceper for tlie safe keep ing of tho goods of a guest wns one of tlie points discussed. The suit was brought by James Pollock, wool pressor, of Yarraville, against Messrs. Alorrm and White, of the l'alstaffRestnurant and Cafe, Spencer-street, to recover £9 18s. Cd., on the ground that defendants' negligence us innkeepers lind resulted iu the loss of his portmanteau. There wns an alternative claim for loss suf fered by pjaintiif owing to defendants' de fault us bailees. Pollock's case was that in November last lie was in Hie habit of taking lus meals at defendants' restaurant, and that n waitress there promised to looic after a portmanteau which he expected to arrive by boat from Queensland about that time. He subsequently learned that it bad reached the hotel, but it went astray, and he was un able td recover it. The defence was Hint plaintiff was not defendants' guest, that there was 110 negligence or default, and that if tlie arrangement was made with anyone it was made with a servant, who had no autho rity to receivo tlie article. .Goods were not stored at tlie house for people unless they were going to stay there. Plaintiff was sim ply a casual caller, and not a guest. Judge Gaunt hold that tlie relations of guest and innkeepers did not exist between the par ties, and that as the portmanteau had not been taken charge of by defendants or any one oil their behalf, they were not tlie bai lees of it. Plaintiff was therefore nonsuited with costs. Air. Al'Arthur, instructed by Messrs. Strongman nnd Crouch, appeared for plaintiff; and Air. Englcson, instructed by Alessrs. Westley and Dale, for defen dants. Holders of residence areas in mining dis tricts will be interested in a decision which was given yesterday by tlie Full Court, eon- sisting of the Chief Justice, Air. Justice Williams and Air. Justice Hodges, in a special ease stated by the warden at Bnl- larat to determine certain questions of law. Towards tfie close of last year Julia Vial, of Clayton-street, Ballnrnt East, proceeded ngninst Alary A. Allendur by summons be fore Hie warden to obtain cancellation of a residence area in Claytou-street. which had been transferred to tlie defendant by one Stephen Poole in Afay, 1897. It was con tended for the complainant that Poole was not the continuous holder of a miner's right from tlie time lie became registered in res pect of the area; that as soon as lie ceased to bo the holder of a minor's right the resi dence area became determined, and that such a defect iu Poole's title wns fatal to the defendant. On the other hand, it was urged for defendant that if there was any delect in Poole's title lie had cured it by taking out a fresh miner's right, and that proceedings for forfeiture could only he brought in the interval between Hie expiry of the miner's right and Hie renewal of it. In answer to questions submitted by the warden. Hie Full Court held yesterday that Poole's omission to take out a fresh miner's right on or before tlie expiration of Hie im mediately preceding one did not absolutely invalidate the then existing registration of the residence area, and that sucli an omis sion did not make it necessary to re- mark and re-register a fresh title. Tf defendant held a miner's right at the time the action was brought that would protect her. Tlie Chief Justice remarked that it would be monstrous that because a person who hnd had possession for 20 years failed for one day to renew his miner's right another should be able to deprive him of possession. It would be against tlie intention of tlie act. The special case was therefore answered in favor of defendant, with costs. Air. Bryant, appeared for complainant, and Mr. Starke for defendant. At the ordinary meeting of the Country Fire Brigades Board, held on 25tli January, Air. William Langlands Jock, manager of the Colonial Ahitual Fire Insurance Com pany, wns unanimously elected president for the ensuing year. At tlie monthly meeting of the council of the Working Aicn's College, held on Mon day evening, Professor Kornot, chairman, tlie office benrers for the current year wore appointed as under: — President, Professor W. C. Kcrnot; vice-nrcsidents, Alessrs. C. S. Paterson- nnd F. H. Bromley, ALL. A.; lion, treasurers, Alessrs. R. L. J. Ellery, C.A1.G., and J. G. Bagicy. Tlie director re ported that he had arranged during the next few months to give some lectures on techni cal education in tho suburbs, and this action wns approved. By tlie paddle stenmer Hygcici lliis evening the Metropolitnn Oils Company's Association will in dulge in a moonlight excursion. At a largely attended meeting of the Melbourne Art Club, held last night at 175 Collins-strcct, it was determined to hold tlie club's annual exhibi tion in October next. In consequence of tlie Ozone having been char tered for a special trip to Sorrento to-morrow, there will lie no boat running to Sclmappcr l'oint, hut the Ilygcia will proceed on to Drommia via Qiiecnscliff and Sorrento. To.day'B auction sales will include the follow ing: — Messrs. Beuuchatnp Bros., furniture, Sill Collins-street, at 11 u.m. ; Messrs. IV. K. Weils and Son, furniture, 1S3 Clarondon-slrect, South Mel bourne, 2 p.m.; Messrs. N;iy!or, Forbes and Co., books and pictures, 301 Collins-street, 2 p.m.; Messrs. Gcmmcll, Tuekelt and Co., furniture, 359 Co., furniture, Johnston-street, Fitzroy, 11 a.m. 