TEACHING AUTHORITY OF THE POPE. That the Pope when b? speaks ex cathedra is infallible is a defined dogma of the Church. An ex cathedra pro nouncement emanating from the Holy Father is, therefore, acquiesced in by all Catholics without c'emur. But what if the Pope does not speak ex cathedra —what is the position then of the Bin cere believer? How far is he free to accept or to reject ? The difficulty is one that often presents itself. Occa sionally, when it does present itself it is met by the theory which " Clohanebeg " in his straightforward letter of to-day implicitly propounds. That theory is to the effect that when the Holy Father does not speak ex cathedra, bis teachings are such as any Catholic can hold as true or false as his own reason suggests. This view, however, is as utterly opposed to the teachings of Catholic theology as it is to Eound Catholic habits of thought. It is a theory which no Catho lic may lawfully, and no thinking Catholic will deliberately hold. The office of Supreme Pontiff is of God's creating. From Him come its duties, its privileges, and its powers. One function the Holy Father has to dis charge is that of teacher to God's flock. He iB authorised to teach ; he is under the obligation of teaching, Both autho rity and obligation are permanent and continuous. With the Holy Father the teaching authority and the obligation of teaching always abide To enable bim to exercise the one and discbarge the other, the guidance of the Holy Spirit has been promised him, and we UatholicB believe that when he sets himself to teach, that guidance does not fail. Under special circumstances a special guidance, as decided by the Church, is pledged to him. When he speaks under the conditions implied in the phrase ix cathedra, it is an article of our faith that he is infallible. But supposing that he does not speak under those con ditions, he is still—it should be borne in miud, but is sometimes forgotten—God's appointed teacher to God's children, and is still under the guidance of the Holy Ghost. That in Buch case he is in fallible the Church does not require us to believe. But allowing for the absence of such demand upon our faith, does it follow that an individual Catholic acts reasonably in slighting the Supreme Pontiff's words 1 He has his right to teach from God. He is under the obli gation—likewise from God—of teach ing. In deciding what he is to teach he has moreover the advantage of being illumined by divine light. Under such circumstances—even though no absolute immunity from error is expressly guaranteed—is it consonant to faith or reason to suppose ihat into the principles enunciated by the Holy Pather some substantial error may creep? And if the witness who holds this opinion is one who makes no profession of Catholicity, and who therefore re pudiates hundreds of convictions which Catholics hold as dear as life, shall there be any question by whose teaching the honest, genuine, believing Catholic shall stand ? It will give point to our contentions if we turn from the abstract to the con crete and illustrate our reasonings by an actual case in point. Aged 88. an archbishop of fity-five years standing, for over twenty years an occupant of the Apostolic chair, Leo has spent his life in an atmosphere of theology, amid such surroundings as were calculated to make him proficient iu the knowledge of the Divine law. In Rome, the " Mistress and Mother of Churches," Catholic tradition is purer, the grasp or Catholic verities steadier and surer than it is elsewhere. Catholic Rome can boast of its hundreds of professors, of prelates, of cardinals, of every nationality, for whom the study of theology has been a life-long, engrossing task. With that atmosphere to breathe in, with such a crowd of experts to draw on for advisers, is Leo. even supposing him no divinely-appointed teacher, and destitute, therefore, of guidance from on high, likely to be betrayed into error as to what Catholic principles are ? Add, however, the divine character of the office which Leo fills, add the divine promise of the Holy Spirit always abiding with the Church and illumining her rulers, and what Catholic in his senses will be bold enough to declare Leo wrong ? Mr. Henry George has the requisite boldness certainly, but Mf. Henry George is not a Catholic, and is at variance with Catholics on a hun dred points in their belief. On these hundred points we Catholics know Mr. George to be in error, and we know him to be so from the principles impressed upon us by Rome. Knowing him, on the authority of Rome, iu a hundred directions to be wrong—and Rome means the occupant of the Roman See —shall we ou the hundred and first point take Mr. George's teaching as gospel, though the Holy Father con demns ? There is no accounting for the inconsistencies of human reasoning. For them we can not profess, we do not pretend to account. To us it is, how ever, the strangest of strange things when a writer, professedly Catholic in belief, and professedly Catholic in principle, calmly and deliberately ven tures to tell us that the doctrines laid down by the divinely-appointed teacher of the universal Church—even though he does not happen to speak ex cathedra—must be repudiated because tbey are in opposition to the theories of a writer, who, in addition to having no mission to teach Catholics, and having no claim to divine guidance, rejects as anathema the most cherished and the most sacred dogmas of our faith. 