IjMidsliipman's Romance By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of! The. Wrbolf of the Grosvenor," The Golden Hope." "Tho -Death Ship,' "The Frpzpn Pirate," " An Ocean Tragedy,"'" A Sea Queen," "My Danish \- Sweetheart," "Tho Good Ship - Mohock," "Alono ou a Wide, i Wide Sea," "The Talo of tho Ton," &e.;, &o.; - .. .Corfnioni. ... , CHAPTElt X. .Tub Great Sea Seiitent. : ' i. . ' , .PpBMSnBD B'SPX««Ag, AnpANQBinSNTON . ' V ' i v — t \ T was a ' , n c ii i ght, f ... ... in o o ii . , sh o n e .. brightly " and I do .not think ... there yV was air < ' '.! enough to '- .run \- . even an instant's shiver into that mighty mirror of ocean" Wordsworth. says': ..' Tho moon doth with" delight look round her when tho -heavens aro bare,' : And by ' this I prosupio lio. moaus" that in tho : silver showering of- tho satellite, which fills the blue other with silver mist, the stars faint out. . Tho mooii this night- was as glorious" -as.' liny that the poet ovor beheld, bnt . certainly; tho heavens, w'oro not bare., Tho stars w.ero tuauy, and thoso .that, were clear of tho moon shine wore radiant ;' some of them crown- gems of the heavens.- You glanced off the yardai'ms- and seemed to soo . the diamond, and the emerald, aud the ruby, all Hashing porfoctly, and you tboiight of a hymn of praise -up tliuro; in those marvellous heights. And clear of the! moon itoo, the meteor- sailed in state, a thread oE light., , I love tlio ' dying lights of ..those delicato beautiful fireflies of tho summer skies, ' They flash' into a " smoke of sparks, aud sear the soft deeps with ii: sailing-line of throbbing lustre. The ' breathless breast of the deep sparkles back their larger leap into life, and I have seen n meteor light up the- moon- loss sea to tho recossos of tHo horizon. - I camo on dock at eight bolls! and observed these things, and much more, for our ship was a picturo of beauty, and sat motionless m her raiment! of moonlight. - The shadows wore startlingly vivid upon the .white planks. Tlioy were the things themselves. In tho squares of the pictured ratlines upon tho deck you . could " havo painted imaginations as iu fruuics, though now and again tlio frame would have swung away from your -sketch ; for the sea lias , a trick of holding her breath for a space, then heaving a sigh which , comes in a gentle fold, the snils swing in and out with a pleasant uoiso of rain, a moment's lifo is in the ship, aud then she sleeps again with the sua, Tho awning was furled, and tho poop from the break swept with the white ness of the 'freshly-pe.eled ulniond in tliei moonshine to tho wheel..! Most, of tho passengers were ou deck. This was a night to fall in lovo' with; ;- - The deep rich sentiment of tho sea would abound under so fair a moon, and under such ripo and shaking stars; You would listen for the voices of the deep ; for tho .sounds which sweop from spirit lips through tho trances ,of the culm; you would look for the lights of the sea ; tho mystio lamp which "burns at the yard- arm, within whoso- grucii and sickly zonu of sheen the sturtlod mariner has boon known to catch a sight of a pale un earthly face. ' ; Much in this way did ihy . thoughts run whilst I stood at the head, of the poop ladder, turning a slow eye upon tho sou Hud over ' tho people upon tho poop. I did not see Belle, nor did I hear her! 'I itas to be on ; deck from eight fill midnight, which is called tho first watch, and' I wondered if I should have-an opportunity to enjoy a sweet, secret' conversation with the pot of my heart, down in some shadow painted by a sail, .-when Captain Bowser . had gone bolow for a glass of grog, and when Mr. Pinch had strolled; aft,1 as his liahit was whou; the skipper left the deck. The glory of the' moon" lay in a great stroke of light .upon -The sou, and whilst I was admiriug this beautiful, picture of the ocean,' full of slumber anil the peace which passes all understanding— for the like of it is not, to bo felt ashore, no, not in the stillest night, 'and in tho 'deepest heart of country— I suddenly noticed a black shadow moving across the breathless wake of .' the luminary. I thought at first, it . was a boiit ; but it .continued to. measure the ..span of that bed of splendid light, and as- no boat, could havo done anything of tho sort) I was greatly startled, .and stared- amain! For eould it bo-——' ; ! A. loud voice rang through the .ship from the forcastlo.- ' . ! , : ,.! ' There'6. something.' ;a-s\irimming across !tho light " of- .the . moon!: in- the water.' i-!".'-' Then in a breath you heard'all sorts of ories. . ' ! ' . . ' Good graoious ! , Jl see.it !.'. !! ' What on' earth can. it.be, captain ? ' , "Oh, Captain LepporI;. quipk!: with that binooular glass, if .you pleaso.'; ; ' ! , The whole poopful catne to the'rail cloBo hesido wherb I;was' standing. ; V. ; ! ' I' havo lived to' Bee it at :last I' ' said Mr. Cox. -..'l . ...... .- : " What is it?' asked the hot-tempered Mr. Johnson. ' ' , ' ' What is it ?', cried Cox, - with con tempt. ' Shall I call it a moving bog ? What is it, but the great sea Berpcnt !' ' The black length of . it wfis stemming out of the wake of the moon, and; when it was oloar of the icy. edge of the stroke of glory in- the sea, it was as visible as- before, and, we traced it in its length of dye upon tlio aslion surfaco.. 'It showB a hoad as big as a cask,' said Mr. Pinch, who was ' working' away through a telescope! ' T orn, now going to believe in the sea serpent.' \- 'That's no sea: serpent,' said Mr. Goring contemptuously. ' Youll find it .is'. a lino of trees in tho grip of a current, and what Mr. Pincli takes to bo a head is nothlng.but a, trunk.' ! Nobody laughed at this joke; Ho was an unreasonable littlo man) always thrusting, in without regard to time, tunc, or kcoping, and ho was irritating becauso ho very 'often said what was true. . What are . you all looking fit ?' here buret in Mrs.- Trevor, . 'At tlio! groat soa.snBkc, the wonder of tlio. world,' cried Captain Lcpper. 'Whero— — wlioro ? Point — point, that I may see it,'' sho squealed. ' Is it approached thb.; ship, ! captain ?. Aro wo in dnngciN?' : . ' I bolievo Mr. Goring' is right. There : will-be no need, Mr. Pinch, to log it,' : said Captain Bo wser. . Wo ; strained- , our., eyes, but the ! shadowy object wus fast dissolving in! the fiai'kness that deopeneil upon thoi sea the further the water swept away; from, tlio . column : of moonlight,...; Old- Bowser, afraid perhups of Mrs. Trevor, went"'aft!;F Pinoh and- the rest: stood. staring ajid argiiiug.: ! :' :.V.;'T'.i! ; \- . 'DO .you .mean to tell mo,' said ;tho niutc, ' that: any/ , surface .current! whicli does not cause A ' ripple , in -tlio surface tliero, 'is 'going to -carry that thing out ' of sight at that' l'a(:o if it "wore dead trees?' ; ' Yes,' said Mr. Goring, with an ag gravating siuipor which tlio moon fully exposed. ' A three-knot current would do it.' ' '' - . v : :f . ' _ 1 You'd see, tho strouk , of the stream' iu the retteotibn of the Ym'oou; Didn't. \- you hoar the man tell ' you that ?' cx- olaiiu'ed ; Mrs. : Trevor. 'I've lived' eightydive years without a.sen sorjiuut,: and, I'm not to he imposed, on now,: :ind she'sorcpchod a few; notes oft laughter, anil shook her, head at us. ' ' Pinch crossed tho deck, and now Belle .came -out of ' the cabin, and seeing a. crowd, approached us. ! . I . told her what wo had . seen, and what wo wore still "'trying to see, and she slipped her hand' into mine and laughed at me. ';You may believe in ghosts, hut.not in tho sea serpent, "Walter,' said she. ' Everybody on deck saw.it ; it: was a long black line, with a head liken cask; it rapidly crossed the light of. the moon, anil was therefore in motion, Belle.' 'No, no,' said she, laughing, 'do not bolievo in "such things, "or iu tlio mermaid.' : ' 'Meanwhile a group of passengors hard by wore arguing hotly on tlio samo subject. ... 'Look down tliero,' said I to Belle, pointing';' over the side. ' What is the depth of the ' water here ? ' Something beyoud imagination. - If the grave keeps its secrets, don't you think tlint the ocean docs ? 'There is a life at the bottom of the sen, which never will be discovered by man, creatures as .fright ful and huge as tho. monsters which are conjectured into terrifyiug pictures of nature iu pre-Adumite times hy naturalists out of a single mammoth ..bono,. I. am not going to say that what wc" saw -was tho sea serpent, but, de pend upon it, something1 answering to what landsmen consider a myth has had and still lias boiug, and I hope tho day may come when tlio laud-lubbers, gazing at the mighty skin which should measure the altitude of St. Paul's Cathedral, will confess, no 'matter how reluctantly, Belle, that the suilors aren't such blooming' liars after all.' 'Snakes big or littlo aro not good enough to talk about,' said Belle! ' Wliat a heavenly night ! We itre not moving. I expect, our voyage will bo a long ouo.'. . , - .. . 1 noticed whilst sho spoko sho con stantly, sent hor gazo in the direction of Captain Bowsov, Who was walking a little space of tho poop alone. Her face was as fair as!ivoryviii the, moon; so clear was the, light, Y I could mark each play of expression in lior moutli, and her eyes, each' with a diamond of moonlight in their violet dopths, spoke to mo, and caressed me, and looked lovo. Never deeper is the magic of a woman's eyes than in moonlight,, 'Mr. Longmorej' called Mr. l'ineh from the other side of tho deok. I instantly went to him, hut Bollo uccoinpanicd me, und beforo ho could speak . sho exclaimed : ' I know what you want; you desiro to brouk up our happy little conversation on a hoantiful night. It is ridiculous, Mr. Pinch, that tho pIRcere of a ship shoiild not enjoy the privileges, of passougers. Whut do you want him for ? I'horo is nothing to do, there is no need to turn the yards or brapo tliom about, as you call it. Thcro is no" air.' 'I wish there. Was,' said Mr. Pinch, in a. voice of lazy astonishment, survey ing. her. as though at a loss; . ' It' is Mr! Longmoro's watch on.- deck! ' How is the duty of n -ship to be carried on if young ladios aeeompany those who are oallod, and prohibit them from receiving instructions,?'. 1 : ! '. .What, .instructions can yoil-givo on so heavon jy. a niht ?'.. sho cried, ...- " 'I presume such trifling'' indtters as the 'side lights nnd ' tho binnaelo lamps are of 'norimpbrtanoo,' said' the mato, folding,! bis. .arms, whilst I, inwardly shalring.ywith. laughter, .drcBded! some .violent and. dangerous expression of - my mh'th every minute, . ; : . -. '.Yoiv should savo'ypufi oil' when you havo'- such a lovely iuodn to light you by,'; said Belle, 'And now, ft sho added, very' coolly, ' you must really diepeuso with: Mr. LongmoFo's' seryieos ror !i time, os woure going : aft ' to : c'onvorsb with tho captain whilst .: ho is 'alono1. Como along, Waltor.' She;held me-by tho hand." The' start I gave could not havo escaped Mr. Pinch, . .. - ' ' What do' you want to say to tho captain, Belle ?' I asked. ' It must he sottled, and it shall be settled, J sho answered, in a ; tone of deoision. ' It is too' bad, Mr. , Pinoh, knowing as .you do . that Woltor and I. aro engaged tribe'; married, and- will be marriod after our .arrival in. Sydney, ''timfc/jrbu '.U|e'V.bi'.-|6ib'|:u|.'ppor tiinity to. intrudo iipon' our convOrsattoii when bc'is'.keepihg his watch on dook.' ' If that's what ;Lyou'j:ot going to growl; abofit to -the ' ! bh'ptain, Miss Stuart,' answered .tho" mate, ' with: a surly laugh, ', '-I' shall bo glad to'hoar what his answer is.' , . , ; All this is vefcy irrogular, Bollo— really,- my dearest,' ; I stiittored,' for I could seo that Pinch was bbginning to lose his temper. ! Ho did hot; like ine to stan'iPhy and Moar. MisS Stuart talking to hiin .witlift n Ffraukness lie would not understand"; ou Ythe other hand, slic Was a puss'enge'r, iiiid ho must ho civil) . and - very F:care£ulY in tlio mafiagombut ) of ; his; courtesies, not- to .. h'or only, but . to th'om fillf .'bpcauso it was not a tradition; . it was a' Yfuct, that a single ! bouiiiluint lodged. Yagainst a lriiitb byt a passerigor; siifflced' to ruinbiih professional 1'. 'Como ulong,- AValtcr,' sautBoilo. '-Go with her, sir,' exclaimed .tho mate, . ' ' . !Wo were on the sido of. tlib.deek which, was occupied by the captain! It wos "sacred- ground to such as- I. Sailors \\\7IV appreciate tho feelings with >whicli I advanced along thoso; moon- wliitonod, planks,, baud in) band with Belle. She - bud .a very, conquering spirit, however, and only : laughed and said ftCouio on, dqar)', whbii'.' I: begged her to tell me 'wliat she was ! going to say to tho captain. . Ho had seen us talking to'the mate, and lib' perceived us coiUiug, . but. 'feigned to observe' tho sea. . His right liand grasped the vang that steadied. .. .the!; spanker-gaff, anil nobody was '"within, earshot save tho inan at the wheel; /' ' ' ... fro' I1E CONTIIltlED.l 