The. question " Can. the world get on ".without, lying?" has been discussed a thousand times. It is a sort of apparition that loves to haunt certain lonely cham bers m the human conscience — a 'ghost that will not bo laid, for it is for over reappearing. . .A few '.days ago Judge Williams had to pass sentence on' three criminals who wore convicted by means of aprofessional liaremployedby the police. In those cases a woman was encaged to entice criminals into a trap by means of point blank lying. The judge said he. disliked the method ; but thought certain kinds of crime'could not bo sheeted home without meeting fraud with its own weapons. In this his Honor Sir Hartley Williams.is not in tlic least singular. Mr. Justice 'Higin- bothnm, in delivering a judgment in 1884, went much further in pallia ting deception. He argued that though falsehood, cannot be justified,, never theless there .'are circumstances "in, "which an honorable man, to save liis- .reputation, -might deviate from thestrics " truth." It seems a doring thing, to say that an "honorable man may do a dis- honorable thing to avoid the world's cen sure; for that is to come under the very lash that Montaigne lays on when he says that to He is to be brave in defiance of God and acoward towards men. But casuistry lias always blurred this matter by reversing Pilate's question, - asking and answoring with Byron — , Ami after all, what Is n lie ? 'Tis but „ The truth ill masquerade. - . Archbishop X\rhately said that if. -.a friend confided to him the authorship of a certain -work, and a third partv asked him about it, .lie would unhesitatingly deny any: knowledge of it, because ho owed a greater- obligation to his friend's confidence than he did to tell his questioner the truth. Stripped of euphemism, this means that a man ought rather to bo disloyal to truth than to his friend. This learned casuist tells the story of a certain dean of a college who admitted that his pupils did not regard a He told to. the dean as a Ho, because the pupils woro never believed by lum; and where no confidence was given none could bo violated. If Whately be right,- then of course lying becomes a ne cessity of society, and Southoy was quite justified when he. denied the authorship of "The Doctor"; Sydney Smith when ho attributed to Sir Samuel Roinilly " Peter "Plymley's Letters," - and Sir Walter Scott when ho. so strongly repudiated the authorship of " Old Mortality" as ;to oiler to review it adversely in tlio "Quarterly." . Only on Thursday last a member of Pflplinnmnl-. in liia nliiftA nlnn/lnrl Mint. tli#» affirmation contained in a false rogistra-, tion was only " a white lie," told to savo the stigma of illegitimacy ; and in a recent drama produced on tlio Melbourne stage the act of a woman who lied point blank to a policeman in order to facilitate, the escapo of a young thief who had just, picked, her poeket is , presented to the audience as one. of high heroism, never failing' to bring down the '"house- in ap plause. . But perhaps ' ono of the most daring of '.modern advocacies of barefaced- lying was recently presented in the Aus trian Press, when criticising the failure of English diplomacy in .China. The critic discourses on the difference between. the new and the old school of diplomats. The defuntion'of Sir Henry Wooten used to be almost universally accepted that an ambassador is "a man sent abroad to tell " lies for the good of his country." All diplomatic communications were therefore received with. polite acquiescence, and dig-, counted just according to.the, credulity ori incredulity of the receiver. .Talloyrnnd, bishop though he was, prided himself that -lio had reduced deception to a iino art j-' and"' we know that Macchiavel, who in some tilings has: given Mlirt 'wnrlll' t,1«A lnfMl»ok" ixf onnfimanle has inculcated fraud and deception as the indispensable adjuncts of statesmanship. "Cavour, like Bismarck, has. admitted, that lie made a point at .times of speaking the .truth, just when he knew that lie would, not be believed. Perhaps the forged tele- 'gram by inean3 of which the German Chancellor precipitated the Franco- Prussian war was as a pieoe of statecraft onWof tho most audacious. As a bare- ' faced lie it bad no sort of qualification in it, and the candor with which it was sub sequently acknowledged : shows ; that; its author . regarded . Truth witli .con tempt,',, when " falsehood better served- bis . immediate purpose. Cecil Rhodes bad _ jrisb as little scruple . . when' he said lie had no -knowledge; of the jatnesqn Raid ; and when "it was proved that lie had actually- financed the whole business, the '.Tory 'organ in this colony made excuses for his mendacity by suggest- ing. that perhaps, he had left himself some verbal . loophole with which to justify his denial.. The oVl school of diplomaoy gloried" in these, deceptions, and did not dream .of.-assocjaifcing- moral turpitude1 with- them.w JjordPalmerston, who was never a veryglib orator, once paid -Lord Stanley a .left-handed, compliment on> his capacity, 'as an off-hand-.debater. ; " Pam " said , that .Stanley reminded him ; of an English1 statesman who, whon dictating a diplomatic reply to his "subordinate, was', metby'tho rempnstranoqlth'at that reply would not be quite in accordance with the facts. The statesman said : — "What, in- "the world does that matter;. It is a good, "thing to say, and take care ",you say. it." Palmerston added that qualities of that- kind were exeollent stock in trade'for an. off-hand debater. ..... \ ' There' have been exceptions to this loose kind) of loyalty towards the veracities. ; Everyone recollects the" story of tlie late Lord Malmesbury's father,, who refused to tell Napoleon i that the English hdd no design of " seizing . the Danish fleet, 'and resigned rathor than do so when .lie knew .tlio" facts .were to the contrary. But there has grown up in. modern times a school S/L WHU.W j/iuiiico Auauti uuinj .able'.. to 'get along without this- cynical resbr't.' to - falsehood;- The argument used is plausible enough. In a profession where everybody is a -liar, and understood to bo so, nobody .is, very much deceived. Even the truth becomes an engine of false hood;-- and is employed in the- servieo of fraud. Sir Claude . Macdonald, at Pekin, is supposed to be one of tlie new school; and our Austrian critics contend"; that ,os his veracity is no match for tlie mendacity of Rusiian and Chinese agents, England lnust'return to the old methods pf '-diplo-' miotic lying if she wishes to score in the gaine she is playing in the Far East, y Tliere is, of, course, some apparent truth in this. But a , little reflection will show thatrit-is niore apparent than real. In the first place, tlie want of success in the "For East is due rather to a " lack of nerve and firmness at home than to a lack of lying abroad. The boldnoss with whtoh Disraeli sent the British fleet to Constantinople did more to secure "peace with honor" than all the finesse and fibs expended by the ambassadors, and a proper use of tho Bri tish war ships in Chinese waters may-even now straighten up Li Hung Chang better than a score of lying despatches. At the same time, whon all this is con ceded, we do not escape froin the uncom fortable fact that the business- of : tho world is carried on by finesse. Tho " old "Parliamentary hand" calls it 'Strategy, as does the soldier. . But what is tlio -best strategy hut the most complete deception 1 There is not a "general probably in tho British army who in time of war would hesitate to mislead his opponent by. menus of a forged despatch, false: intelligence, orany other method of niondaoity- that presented itself, llo will salve his con science by saying, that all is fair in.war. But if -lies are innocent in time of: war we open the door vcrv wide to falsehood, since life itself , is a warfare. Tho struggle of man against man docs not end ivitli tlic .sheathing of the' sword. : The diplomatic battle between America and Spain begins now . in Paris.. The contention has . not ceased ; it is only the method that is changed. . ' . It is precisely the same with the barris ter in court. He has to fight with wit- and subtlety for his client. .. Victory may fre-- quently depend on the extent to which he can dcceive.his adversary. . When Wains, the.. Casterton murderer, had sunk the bodies of the Hunts in the water-holes of tlie Glenelg River, justice wis at fault, until Charles - Brown, a Melbourne detec tive, personating a drunken- ticket-of-leavo man, got himself locked up in tlic same cell with Wains, and having wormed him self into the murderer's confidence by boasting of - his own - past crimes, educed such admissions from the unwary assassin-as eventually put tho rope round that worthy's neck. These being the commonplaces of daily society, it seems a sort of hypocrisy to set up for any high standard of voracity, Usuch as , that laid down by -Montaigne when lie wrote-: — " We are men who have no oilier tie upon ". one another but our word. If wo eon- " qidcrcd tlie horrid consequences- of a rlie, " we should prosecute it with vengeance " as the worst of crimes. . . For my " part, I am not. sure that I could prevail " with my. conscience to secure myself "from manifest danger by an impudent " and solemn lio." . What is the life of a man of gallantry but a prolonged .lie ? And such is,; the whimsicality of our moral code that men who would feel tlic imputation of false hood as the grossest stain upon their honor will- boast of their successes with : the spouses of their friends. In fact, when wo. come to strict definitions, every man who palms himself oil' on society for better than lie. is acts a kind of lie. There is, however, a vast difference between failing to act up to strict veracity in all- tilings and adopt ing the broad doctrino that niendaoity is a necessity of life. In practice tho world lies openly and- systematically; and then protends that it is shameful to He. "Truth never was indebted to a He," writes the poet, amidst the applause of soldiers, diplomatists, lawyers and politi cians, who make deception a cardinal part of.their system; " Credit won by lying is " quick in dying," says a much applauded proverb, and the utterers of it smirk as they add a fresh- certificate to -their own ircspcctability.. It is something perhaps to assume a virtue if wo have it not.- -False-' hood pays at least- this- homage - to.. truth, even while at every 'turn the world-feels with .Hamlet that' tho synonym for all that is most facile is that it is "as easy as "lying.". Dr. Andrew Lang is not a Spiritualist .even: by inclination ; his . orthodoxy is doubtful from the point of view of n -Pres byterian synod, 'and yet in his last book he appears as champion in a cause which must commend him . aliko to those who cherish the, occult or uphold the -churches. He declares, war -against their common1 foe— the 'materialist— doing battle with current scientific' theories in a. scientific -way ,'"-iiotably with those which profess to account for the origin of, religious beliefs.. Primitive mam lias,- been .said to : have evolved whatever ideas of God and Iramor.' tality he possessed- out ; of bis ordinary physical experiences. Startled by his siiadp.w'wlien it chased him in the. sun-- .shine, or by his reflection mimicking him; in ; the .pool, .or <by phantoms of the dead and living .beheld , in dreams, he ' built up ;the :- idea of a- ghost or:; " soul " of himself ,: partially inde pendent' of,- and surviving, iiis ..body. Reverenoo; was paid in .-ipre-liistofio times,' as it still is iii nortli- western India, to sucli " souls" of specially distinguished ances tors gradually elevated,' distance lending enchantment to the view of .their, achieve-.- ments, to the ranks of ruling spirits or gods.; . From : the crowd of. these' tu telnry. invisibles. by elimination and consolidation it "is conjectured that .thorp- was filially developed' the conception of a 'S'upreme ahd' soiitary Deity.' ' -This' theory of Tylon and Spencer has- been generally adopted as. the .scientific doctrine of the evolution of religious beliefs. It is simple, and to tho. materialistic rank- and- file - sufficient at all events for a' working hypothesis. . It- sums .up .their, position very . clearly. , " Ideas of - God and of the soul arc the " result1 of early fallacious reasonings " about- misunderstood .'experiences." XVe five, tliat is "to say, 'in- a Godless, soulless and gliostless' world. Religion' as we have it is a mere iny th, ..prayer aud_ worship superstitious practices, and faith a" blind illusion.1 of uncultured man. Whimsical and witty as Dr. 'Andrew Larig lis, it is not. with, such weapons, but with 'all .the" resources of the trained anthropologist, that he attacks ,the Spen-- cer-Tylor'. theory root and branch. Cha- lacteristiqally enough, while " basing bis . thesis, upon what are popularly denominated the phenomena of "spiritual- " ism,".; he at the' sanie time and' in the' same /breath dismisses . everything approaching an acceptance of the beliefs of. the table tippers. His book bristles with citations from unimpeachable autho rities; all testifying to the occurrence of phenomena which, in , the 'opinion of the1 uncivilised, are " miracles," though in not, one of them will Dr. .Lang himself admit, uuy iimiig ui ui« iiiiittuuiuus. aii Liic eyes of science these are ' frauds or . illusions. . Dr. Lang considers that the bulk of thenij occurred without. conscious cheating, but; is indifferent whether they are illusions or not. ' He "does not attempt to ex plaiu\ them. It is suflicicnt for his argument that they occur. . Except so far "as ho is inclined .to consider them the products of hitherto unsuspected' lniinan faculties, he offers no speculation as to their origin. Indeed, it is enough for' his - argument . that they have: been believed to occur. . There lias' been a belief in the " super- "natural" in all ages and. among all nations. It flourishes still among savage peoples who, because of their defects, are much nearer to primitive man than wo are/ ' Their credulities are much more likely to cast light upon the thoughts arid imaginations of our forafathers than ours, and they, are all , of a, tale. Whether cultured or uncultured, Iroquois, Znlns,' Australian abori gines, Egyptians, Hebrews, Greeks,. Romans, Eskimos and Highlanders, all have their " second sight," their clairvoy ance, trances, visions, disturbance of phy sical objects, yoices, omens, ghosts or phantasms and possessions. Very reason ably, then, Dr. Lang inquires why tliesd startling -phenomena, winch play so largo a part in the life and creed of each. of these peoples, constituting often the substance of their rites, and powerfully influencing! their public and private relations, have been ignored by scientific writers. - Is it not much more likely, lie asks, that the ideas of invisible powers,- of spirits and spirit life arose from these - ex periences, rather than that,- having acquired certain conceptions : from dreams, tho- universal.- practices of witchcraft, the evocation and consulta tion of: the dead, should have been created as after thoughts ? So far as the records show, in this as in every other case, the phenomena come first, the interpretation following later. It seems, reasonable. -to him that it is from sucli remarkable asso ciations and abnormal incidents rather than from every day -shadows and every night slumbers that first arose tlic sense of mysterious powers and parsons operating invisibly upon humanity. To-day . in this respect helps us. to inter pret yesterday. .Believers in weird gifts nnd powers are still to be met with in every street. It is from just such " spiritualistic" phenomena, whatevor their nature, that many scores of scientifically competent men, like Professor Croolces, have received the intelicctual shock which has driven them out. of our prevailing physicalism of thought.- Dr. Lang quotes Professor James, of Harvard,- to tlie effect that he is " as absolutely certain as he is " of any fact .in the world" that tho famous medium, Mrs. Pipers, " knows " things in her trances which she onn- " not possibly have heard in her waking " state." In addition to,, his abundant quotation from equally authentic tcsti- mnnina nnninnf". nnil /»/\n fonntnrn r\» Y)r Lang gives us the results of his own ox- peri ments in crystal-seeing with a Miss Angus, winch satisfy him of tlie feasibihi.y of thought transference and clairvoyance by this curious means. Incidentally also ho gives his own experience as a writer of historical fiction, when, having out of tho depths of his inner consciousness evolved a physical description of his hero, Ceorgo Kelly, - one of the "seven mOn of " Moidart," he found for tho first time n year later, on consulting tho Government papers relating to 1736, . that his V purely fanciful sketch " exactly tallied with the facts oven to the eyes, teeth; face and height of the man himself. Not that all these authorities, experiences or coin cidences convert the learned doctor into a Spiritualist. On the contrary, -he contends that faculties as yet imperfectly realised, transcending sense perception and unlock ing latent forces, which belong to all of us. in some degree, and to a few in a large degree, -suffice to explain nearly all of them. As to the remaining inexplicable inaiiiicstaiiions ne suspenus judgment, no protests that be would no more think of sitting in a seanco . with Mrs. Piper than lie can conceive his departed friends seeking him through such a channel. XVhat he insists is that iu these and similar phe nomena we havo indubitably " just the " kind of faots on which the doctrine of " souls might be based or by which it " might be buttressed." Dr. Lang's' " Making of Religion" ,is dedicated to his Alma Mater, tlie Univer sity of St. Andrews. Surely among its sons there must be many disciples of tho Spencerinn doctrine who may be relied upon to encounter this daring chal lenger, who has thus publicly struck their shield in its very centre with, tho point of his practised lancc. Whether science will over he ablo to demonstrate by its methods the truth of Immortality or- tlie existence of Deity, it is at least important that tlic weight of its groat .authority should not be lent in sup port of materialistic theories ivhich ethno logists of high standing impeach as unsound. .. The ghost as well as the myth requires to be reckoned with,- and cven.if" the ghost prove to be only a. myth-.. of another kind, the problem of its origin nlll 9L1J1 fclllillll bv U6 cXpiOrCUt 