A LOST ITEM. A Piece For the Paper That the Editor Forgot to Insert. When I was running the Geeville Beacon Light of Liberty, one of my patrons from a way back district came into the office one day late in the fall. Joy was beaming from his face like a candle shining through the holes in a jack- lantern. "Tol de rol, de rol, de raddidy ! Tol de rol, de rol, de ray !" was his first re- mark, as he cut a series of backwoods pigeon wings around the room. It was court week, during which event the Geeville taverns were wont to set forth to their eager patrons a tipple that had won much fame for the prompt- ness with which it took dull care by the neck and tossed it out of the win- dow, and I at first thought that my friend from way back had been in fond and too protracted dalliance with this insinuating bowl ; but such was not the fact. After he had warbled and pirouetted off his first burst of glee, he plunked down in a chair and said: "I'm goin' ter give yer a piece fer yer paper better'n stealin', or running off with somebody else's wife, or burn- ing your neighbor's barn! Ye know the Widder Buggles, an' ye know the Wid- der Buggles' place, don't ye?" I told him I did. "How old d'ye s'pose the widder is?" he asked, and I told him I had no idea. "Why, dod turn it! She's sixty-eight! Sixty-eight past. An' ain't she humly? She's so all-fired humly that she sot in her corn patch this season an' actu'ly skeered the crows away! That's pooty durn humly, ain't it? An' ain't she thin? An ash saplin's got more meat on it than the widder has! Fact! She's deefer'n a post, too, an her off eye is out. An' you couldn't raise white beans on that clearin' o' her'n! For agri- cultr'l purposes, that clearin' ain't wuth nine shill'n an acre. But, do ye know, she won't sell the durn place for any price. She says if any feller wants that clearin' he's got to take her with it. An' who d'ye think's ben edgin' round the widder, anxious to git the clearin' on them diskerigin terms? Actually willin' to marry the Widder Buggles to git that clearin'? Why, Pete Sykes! An' why is he so durn willing to git the clearin' on. them diskerigin terms? 'Cause he's found out that the clearin' has got this here on it, that's why." My friend from 'way back took a handful of glittering, heavy bits of ore from his pocket and handed them to me. Then he danced joyously, shout- ing: "Gold! Tol de rol, de rol, de raddidy! Gold on the Widder Buggles clearin'! She's old, an' rattly as a dried gourd; an' deef, an' short an off eye, an' her clearin' ain't wuth nine shill'n an acre for agricultur'; but there's gold on her clearin'. Tons an' tons of it! An' Pete Sykes, he's found, it out, somehow, an' is' willin' to marry the widder! He told me so! But he don't know that the widder's dead sot on me. Pete's going up to ask her to-night! Tol de rol, de rol, de raddidy. An' the widder don't know she's got gold on her clear- in'! She's dead sot on me, an' Pete can't tetch her! She's old enough to be my mammy, but she's got gold! Say! Ain't this goin' to be a piece fer your paper that 'II make things rattle?" I took the specimens my 'way bade friend handed me. They were iron pyrites. I put them on a shovel and held it in the fire. Presently they vanished as if they had never been. The look on my visitor's face was a sight to see. "That's what they call 'fool's gold,' Jaggers," I said. It's entirely worth- less. You couldn't get a dollar for a thousand tons of it. You've had a narrow escape. You might have mar- ried the decrepit Widow Buggles and her worthless clearin'. Let Pete Sykes have the widow if he wants her." My friend at last awoke to the true situation. He stamped and thumped and knocked things around the office, and yelled and swore until things looked blue. "Let Pete have the widder?" he yel- led. "Why, great crackin' heels o' Julius Caesar's ghost! There ain't no widder! The Widder Buggles, old an' rattly an' deef an' without an off eye, ain't the Widder Buggles! She's Elna- than Jaggers, by thumps, fer I stole a march on Pete, an' married her this mornin'!" And my friend from 'way back dash- ed out of the office and away. I never put his piece in the paper. 