§mtml pi|0.t THE HILLS IN A BLAZ H A SPLENDID SPECTACljE: ? VERY LITTLE DAMAGE DONE. Like volcanoes Oared to heaven more than one of the peaks of the Mount Lofty ranjre on Thursday evening, and the citizens of Adelaide were treated gratuitously to a pyrotechnic display such aa they seldom behold. For more than a week fires have been burning in different parts of the hills, but although a lurid glare now and again outlined the topmost curves of the nearer elevations, tho real conflagration did not show itself on tlie city Bide of Mount Lofty until just aftor sundown on Thursday. Then a crest of tlamo loant through one of tho gorges above the Groon hill-road and Bwept with magnificent eplutidor round the brow of the rise and down into ainpo'a OulJy. From Athelstone to the Black 111 1 1, and with a width almost equal to ita lonirth, tho aim of lire extended, and to the uninitiated it soumod to be pouring down upon civilisation in an irrosisliblo tide. As a matter of fttct, however, it was completely under control, the central blaze having been scienti fically ringed in by skilfully-managed counter conflagrations which rendered the out break almost as harmless as it was spectacular. The unexpected frequently happens on _sucli occasions as this, and because of a sudden gust of wind, or by the fall of a burning log which rolls down the slope aud beyond tue neutral zoue, a fire which seems to be well within disciplined limits makes a new assault upon its masters. But at midnight there was little anxiety in respect to thi3 particular furnace, although Mr. N. Knox, whose handsome residence is situated right at the foot of Slape's Gully will doubtless feel far more comfortable when tho last embers have died into cold white ashes. Tho portentous wall of flame which sprang into 3iprht of awestruck residents on East-terrace just after 7 o'clock and raced down the side of the rise towards Mr. Beimel's house on tho bank of tho Second Creek, was indeed fighting valiantly on behalf of the courageous men who for hours had been engaged in hemming iu the fire that at one time threatened to be so destructive. Scores of willing and experienced workers were employed under energetic direction in guiding the apparently rebellious flames into the proper avenues, and it was truly surprising to see the obedient manner in which they yielded to man's superior wisdom. Seen from a distance the aspect of the hills which formed the heart of tho fire was gorgeously beautiful, and the scores of bicyclists, who in company with many vehicles darted up the Greenhill-road towards the burning scrub, had a particularly fine view of the scene. A rosy-liued curtain, deep red at the base, sharply outlined the range, the contour of which was thrown out in strong relief. Every depression had its own illuimnant, and slashed across the breast of the mountain like the gold embroidery on a hussar's jacket was the doited chevrou formed by the blazing posts of a boundary fence. Then away towards Athelstone flamed a crimson scaff of light, which stretched from the summit of the hill down the slope till it was lost in the valley beneath. The smoke in the foreground was in all tints from fiuecy white through piuk and red to dense black, and tho nearer one came to the hills the more tho reek of the burning trees asserted itself, arid tlie less could be seen of the general scope of the dispiay. The grand stand favored by the bulk of the spectators who travelled to within touching distance of the.-jire wa3 the track leading from the Green Hill-road tlyough the Knightsbridce water reserve, and on above Mr. DeimeVs house and orchard. Hero scores of persons stood or sat to watch the constantly varying spectacle, and the fire-fighters as weary and hot they came up from, the valley below were eagerly inter viewed concerning the extent and the nature of the damage done. Some excitement was caused by a report that the magazine near Mr. Dunstan's quarry was in the path of the flamo, and that an explosion was immi nent, which would bring down Burnside with its concussion, but the rumor was soon proved to be false. Care had been taken at the outset to safeguard the quarry workings and the Htonyfell vineyards, but wheresover a crowd is gathered together these little touches of sensationalism are eagerly seized upon. The rapidly shifting pivuoi'ania iu front kept eyes and tongues busy enough, for the whole expanse of tho hill, ridge behind ridge, from base to apex was aglow, while ever and anon the upward rush of llame, the fierce crackling noise, and the pungent odor of charred gum leaves would tell of another row of big tree3 destroyed. From afar off an irregular square of fire showed out distinctly on the hill side, the central space being peopled by countless sparks like the lamps of a big city. But from the adjacent slopes the flames seemed to be rushing for ward to the summit, for a gully wind always blows upward, like ranks of soldiers storming a citadel. Ever and anon the ghost of a dead eucalypti with outstretched arms would dimly peer through the smoke. Then a shower of burnt leaves would fly up and a moment later the white phantom would be transformed into a living tower of fire. At 10.30 p.m. the hill immediately at the head of Slape's gully showed fire along its ridge, and the blazing coronet, within which, the original fire had been adroitly surrounded, was complete. Mr. Deimel, across whose property a torrent of flame swept six years ago, took matters very x^hilosophically, He has lost some fencing, it is true, but the fire has cleared his land of much scrub and rubbish. From whatever point the fire was viewed the spectacle was magnificent, and the corner of East and South terraces was thronged with people, whose ejaculations of pleasure ' and amazement concerning the g^aiideuv of the sight were very frequent. Driving along the Green Hill-road one could not but ^wonder at the immense variety presented by *the scene. At times clusters of trees intervening lent en chancme.nt to the gorgeous picture which lay behind. ' When these were passed tongues of flame would start up in all directions, and the canopy of purple haze which crowned that portion of the mountain range immediately in front would bo tinged into brighter radiance. Once on tho 6pot, however, the glamor disappeared— tne fire was no longer a thing to be gazed at and admired, but a veritable fiend, hissing with hideous glee and showing in its aggressive front a do-, termination and force which -appeared quite irresistible. Fortunately but little harni was done. The land affected was mostly of a scrubby nature, aud an army of about 300 able-bod ied men were early assembledat various points of vantage, where they worked vigo rously to prevent the flames from spreading in the direction of the gardens and orchards which stud the district. The property of Mr. Iiobert Slape was for the most part covered with tire, and long lines of fences were entirely consumed, but by energetic action tlie flames were prevented from entering the garden. Mr. M. A. Dunstan's garden was similarly defended, although his grazing land was in a furnace-like blaze from end to end. Near Summertown Mr. Henry Woodcook lost some huts and a quantity of firewood. The principal endeavors were put forth. to save the orchard and garden of Mr. N. Knox, which lies in the valley at the' foot of Slape'e Hill, The usual tactics of fighting the devour' ing- element iv,ith-itB own fbroe wasxesorted t6 in' all 6a§MP4.W'hen it was seen that a pro perty, of Vajue was in peril 'fires were kindled in the' ' gatfr^af the advancing enemy, and all the dry grass and rubbish. likely to provide sustenance for it was gofc iout: of the way. These 'protective zones were always kept well under 'Control by tne bands of men who gave voluntary and oheerful service to help their neighbor^ From 8.30 to 9.30 p.m. the fight was severest). At 10.30 all danger was practically at an endf aud numbers of begrimed men, more or less exhausted, could be seen coming away from the scene, -while congratulations and es- pressions of thankfulness were abundant. One gentleman, whose countenance bora ' testimony to the leviathan share of work he bad undertaken, was overboard to say when asked by a bystander how he had managed to hear up under the intense heat — 'Oh, the fire was there and we had to defend the gardens. Yes, we went on working, and a number of young fellows kept on fetching us cold water to drink. They worked as hard as we did, and but for them we could not have remained at our task You see, the wind was forcing the fire straight into the gully, and if it once got a fair hold there would have been an end to the gardens. We determined to stop it. We fought like Britons, and like Britons we won the victory.' For some days a fire has been burning in the thick scrub at the back of Black Hill, or ' Dunstan's Hill' as it is some times called to distinguish it from tho Black Hill proper, which is a few milea further north. The country is extremely rough, and is of little value, being noted chiefly because of the existence there of Mr. H. Dunstan's extensive quarries. This fire made such progress on Thurs day that the owners of the land in the Second Creek gully, Messrs. J. Deimel and R. Slape, resolved to protect their gardens by starting a fire at the western foot of the lull. Mr. Deimel has 107 acres of land, and a valuable orangery, orchard, and vegetable gavden, while Mr. Slape has almost aa large an ai'ea similarly cultivated. The ^ means adopted of checkmating the fire were in every way successful, only rough country, and a division fence or two being burnt. The protecting fire was started at about G o'clock in the evening, and quickly ascended the hill, so quickly 111 fact that the men watching it had the greatest difficulty in kueping it within bounds. &.t times they worked iu the face of the greatest difficulties. Tho side of Dunstau's Hill is very steep and difficult to ascend even in daylight, so that iti will be understood what toil tlie brave defenders had to encounter when it is known that while climbing the slope they had to work in intense heat and blinding smoke. When one or other of them had to temporarily surrender from sheer exhaustion he was promptly provided with - food and driuk by energotio and though'tM- residents in 'the vicinity, among Biie.'.'ladies thus distinguishing them selves in tfcei'Bommissariat department being Mesdames-'Dwmel, Slape, and Bruce, and the Misses Brewer. A strong easterly gully wind added greatly to the rate at which the flames travelled, and carried clouds of smoke in the direction of the Green Hill, whence hundreds of people were watching tho magnificent sight. Between S and 9 o'clock the fires met at the top of the hill in places, and' the grandeur of the scene was beyond description. At 11 o'clock the worst of the danger was over,. but the embers could not De leit unwatcnea owing to the strong breezo which prevailed, and the risk of burning logs rolling down the hill to the gardens below. A large number of men, many of whom had been out since mid night on Wednesday fighting a tire that had come from the direction of Uraidla, were posted as sentries surrounding the vanquished conflagration, and they remained up all night sleeplessly watching it. They were ready to pounce down on any aggressive tongue of fire directly it tried to reassert its supremacy. ColumiiB of smoke were seen ascending from all parts of the ranges ou Thursday, thus pro claiming the fact that there were a number o£ distinct fires burning in different localities. One that appeared to have gained the greatest! ascendency was iu the direction of Black Hill, whence dense volumes of reddish cloud covered the lower heaven during the afternoon. An other was burning further on towards Uraidla. This started ou Wednesday morning in Mr. Slape's paddock. A number of men at once turned out, and after working all night sue- ^ ceeded in turning the flames towards Burnside. They imagined that they had completely sub dued it, and were returning home, when they noticed smoke issuing from a property known as Giles's Reedbeds. I1 rom this point the firs travelled a mile in ten minutes, burning some fencing and doing a lot of damage to Mr. Lovibond's fruit garden. It also passed through, the properties of Messrs. J. Mould, W. .. Treuorden, Horsnel, W, Brewer, Lawson, Keir, aud H. Woodcock. A fourth fire started in Mr. Levi Emmer ton's paddock, Fifth Creek, at the head of a gully 200 or 300 yards from any track. It was first noticed by a nephew of Mr. Emmerton, who tried to put it out, but as he was unable to do so ho raised the alarm and sum moned a number of neighbors to the spot. Thi3 fire spread to the Monta cute - road. During its progress Mr. Enimerton lost three-quarters of a mile of ? fencing, Mr. Mortimer Stuckey lost several acres of feed, and Mr. A. A. Fox 300 or 406. acres of feed. The fire practically burnt itself . out, although logs are still smouldering and will continue to do so for some days. Bush fires have been burning in many parts of the district of Mount Barker, but none have been near that town. The city coroner (Dr. Whittell) has been officially informed of the damage done by the fires on tho hills on Thursday and preceding days at the Black Hill and Slape's Gully, but he doas not consider it necessary to hold an inquest. The fires have practically burned themselves/Out and the small volumes of snioke which were visible from the city on Friday morning were rising from the smouldering timber. The police, however, are taking every precaution to prevent a -fresh outbreak should the wind freshen and distribute burning frag* . meuts. 