Squirl John ; : OR, . FOR LOVE OF A BONNIE SCOTCH USSiE. BY ST. GEORGE RATHBORNE. AUTHOR OF "UNDER EGYPTIAN SKIES." "MISS PAULINE OF NEW YORK," &e.; CHAPTER III. — HYPNOTISED BY A BOOK. The young man from the States stands there as if petrified. Several times during the short address of the elderly and picturesque gentleman with the long silver locks and velvet sack-coat be has endeavored to break in, eager to disclose tbe fact that a mistake has been made, for Jack is not the man to feel at ease in borrowed plumage; but, strange to say, when the other finishes his peroration with the utterance of Jack's name, all desire to thus disclaim any connection with the matter passes away. He is like a man partly under the influence of ether. He sees things as through a glass, darkly, and yet endea vors to grasp the truth as a drowning man grasps a straw. A.dozen things flash through bis mind at once. First comes the thought that by some accident he has stumbled on the house to which his unknown corre spondent with whom he had the appoint ment in the Canongate meant to lead him, but this he speedily dismisses as less plausible than others. Before his bewildered mind flash the remarkable things uttered by Howard in his confused state following the smash- up. They assume a startling import ance just at this moment, and while Jack fails as yet to grasp the whole, he has little dazzling gleams of light that pro mise amazing results. That is why he does not make any re sistance when the Spanish gentleman - draws him over the threshold. Curiosity is aroused, and even on the instant there has arisen a desire to discover why they play at battledore and shuttlecock with his name. Given an active mind and Jack Travers may he expected to soon solve the mys tery; but it will take a little time, to gain which, without arousing curiosity, he must carry out his part of the pro gramme naturally. Probably it would be hard to find a man more willing to meet Fortune half way. . He is bold by nature, fearless from constant association with danger, since familiarity breeds contempt, and not averse at any time to engage in an en terprise the outcome of which piques his curiosity. "Ha! what would you?" suddenly ex claims the elderly gentleman, as he brings the door to, and nails poor Ah Sin in the jam— Ah Sin who, seeing Jack en ter, attempts to slip also across the threshold, believing it to be his duty to follow where the master leads. The wretched Celestial is in a way to feel the power of tbe press, since his captor shows no sign of relenting, when Jack hurries to his relief, and hastily ex plains that the heathen Chinee is his valet, his shadow, without whose' watch ful presence he would scarcely dare to breathe; upon hearing which the muscu lar old gentleman suspends the pressure, and Ah Sin, relieved, though consider ably flattened, slips in. Jack hears voices somewhere near by, and his nerves are tingling with an eag erness to discover the meaning of it all, which desire has been brought into ex istence by the mere mention of his own name by this remarkable foreign artist. '"Follow me. Senor Jack," says the party in question, as he turns and walks in the direction of the stairs leading aloft. Jack unconsciously allows a hand to slip round to the pocket where he usual ly carries a small revolver. Perhaps the habit is a ridiculous one foi' a gentle man located in the good old city of Edin burgh, but Jack may be excused on the ground of association. For years he has lived among the wild cowboys of the Texan plains or the lawless miners in the Cripple Creek region, where a man's ex istence often depends' on his possessing a shooting-iron, and his ability to handle the same in the smallest possible fraction of a second. Old habits are difficult to break away from, and Jack has not yet grown to feel at ease without being "heeled." As he strides past the parlor door he has a glimpse of several parties in the lighted room, and somehow discovers himself taking an unwarranted interest in the graceful figure of a young lady who chances to have her back towards him. The faithful, if wondering, Ah Sin fol lows at his heels, apparently determined to watch over his beloved master at all costs. Having surrendered to the conditions by which he has so suddenly been sur rounded, Jack fancies himself ready to follow the lead of this dancing will-o'- the-wisp of fortune at least to the very danger line. They enter a room. A light stands on a table. Jack, giving a hasty glance around, sees nothing more dangerous than a hair-brush before a mirror. "Allow me to help you off with your outer coat," chatters the other; "no trouble, I assure you. I am so pleased to think our plans have come out so beautifully, and that this night we se cure—I a fortune, you a portion of the same, together with a lovely Car- ramha! Senor; your garments— pardon ' me — do not exactly suit the occasion. But I forget; you have been a long jour ney on, and there has little time oc curred for such things. After all, what does it matter? I doubt very much whether the fact of your wearing a travelling suit , will be at all observed by your wife." Poor Jack feels a cold chill chasing up and down his spinal column. Had a bucket of water been dashed over bis head he could hardly have experienced more of a freezing sensation. "Pardon me. senor," he gasps, "but you — er — said something concerning my wife, which I — er — hardly understand." The good-natured old gentleman in the velvet artist's coat bursts into a laugh, as though he finds the subject very comi cal, and, of course, Jack, to be Accommo dating, laughs too, though his merriment might be set down as strained. Ah Sin simply grins while he whisks the hand- brush qyer his master's clothes, but he is making better headway at solving the riddle than Jack gives evidence of doing. "Of course," chuckles the host, " very foolish on my part, a merry bachelor as yet; but we calculate, Senor Jack, on having you tied in the tightest knot pos sible before half an hour has gone by." "The devil you do!" mutters the indi vidual in question, vaguely wondering, now that matters have reached this cri tical point, whether he had not better kick over the traces, declare his identity, and call the game off. His identity! Good heavens! they seem to know him already, since the old sinner had called him by name, and still addresses him as Senor Jack. Can it Ire possible this is some shrewd, canny Scotch game to inveigle him into a marriage that will put him in the power of a gang of blackmailers? He might even suspect such a thing only for Howard's connection with it, and his declaration that he had a mort gage upon the name of Jack Travers. At any rate there is still a lapse of time before the final round, and that same powerless curiosity urges him on —he may yet he able to fathom, the amazing depths of this mystery. He has aroused himself. He asks ques tions so fashioned that they may not be tray his ignorance of the subject, receiv ing in reply non-committal explanations that only partially satisfy him. In the midst of it all an explosion threatens. "Senor Jack," says the remarkable host, who stands eyeing him from head to foot in a critical manner, "I believe you will make a wonderful hit with the charming young lady, and she will not think the union so disagreeable as she feared. . Pardon me, but I had not dreamed from your description that you were so dashing, so very handsome." It is not often a man receives a com pliment from his own sex, and Jack laughs in some confusion, meanwhile muttering under his breath: "Well, I don't wonder the old chap's surprised if Howard gave a truthful des cription of himself, since I've known him to scare a coyote by smiling at it." His strange host continues: "There is one thing we have forgotten —not that I suppose it matters at all, but you will of course remember, Senor Jack, that it was agreed between us you should prove your identity when you came." "Just so," remarks Jack, serenely, won dering which identity he is called upon to produce the evidence for, and hard ly ready to stand up and swear he is the genuine party whose arrival has been so anxiously anticipated. "Ahem! have you /those letters, with you?" asks the other, suavely. Letters! That reminds Mm Ah Sin picked up a packet in the street after the wrec kof the Caledonian hansom. Jack draws them out with a confident air; he is now ready to believe Fortune plays the cards for him, since everything seems to fit as neatly as though the ends were dovetailed by an experienced joiner. "Ah! the last doubt is thrown to the wind. Buenos! we shall all be merry. Last of all, Senor Jack, you remember the compact." "Suppose you repeat it, to refresh my memory," suggests the artful Jack, using the .brush on his curly locks. "Briefly, then, you have agreed to carry out your share of this business for a third of the spoils, which shall be placed in your hands as soon as we secure possession, and all is arranged so that you need not fear being cheated. On my part, because of my influence in the matter, I receive another third, or as much as I can coax from my lovely ward. The one point insisted on by her is hard with you, senor." "How so?" asks Jack, deeply interes ted. "You remember, I explained, and you agreed to abide by it. Otherwise there could have bean no wedding here to-night It is this — that once the ceremony is over you part from your wife, and never seek to come into her presence again except by her own order." Jack -gives a little whistle. Really this affair gets more and more mysterious, and yet, strange to say, the deeper the complications become, the firmar grows his grasp upon it. » "Well, as you say, senor, when one mot 'coolly;' "t— ;': "You are ail ready now,. I believe." "Beady?" "TO "descend with me—to add tbe finishing stroke to this great plan which has been- arranged between us by Better — to end your bachelor days, and for the space of five minutes call yourself tbe husband of a most charming young lady." "A most astounding prospect, really. See here, my dear senor; perhaps we'd better end this matter, which has gone far enough." "Follow me, Senor Jack, and it will soon be ended. Ha ha! Who could wish you a better fate? Come, both of you; the bride may be growing anxious," cries the other, waiting at the top of the stairs. Jack's hesitation is brief. "Hang the luck! I'm in for it, I fear; but at the last I shall make a dash for the door. That refuge is left. All I wait for is one peep at the bride, and then you'll see Jack Travers make- a record. Married! Good heavens! the very thought paralyses me. Jack Travers married to-night! Not unless " He finishes the muttered sentence with a knowing smile of anticipation, and hurries after the beckoning old gentle man; while Ah Sin, winking wickedly at himself as he passes the mirror, patters after the master. Ah Sin has grappled with the mystery, and understands the facts much better than the heavier Anglo-Saxon intel ligence of Jack has beep, able to do. Now they are at the foot of the stairs, and Jack clutches the sleeve of that velvety coat. "One moment, senor," he says, huskily, for the dramatic situation be gins to tell upon him. "What now?" demands the other, a little testily. "A simple request. Before we enter allow me one glimpse of the young woman to whom I am about— ahem! — to sacrifice my bachelor days." "That is reasonable. Turn your eyes yonder — she who is dressed in white. Tell me, Senor Jack, saw you ever a lovelier vision than than?" And Jack Travers, looking, feels his heart beat with tumultuous force against its prison walls — feels his whole frame thrill with an eestacy he cannot explain. The door is not five feet away; without lies the street and freedom, but forgotten is his resolve to flee. Instead, he draws a long breath of resignation, and to his guide says: — "Lead on; do with me what jrou wish;" while to himself he whispers, "The hand of Fate is behind It all. Why should I hesitate, when in this girl who 'they in tend shall be my wife I see the original of the photograph I adore — sweet Jessie Cameron?" CHAPTER IV.— MERELY A BUSI NESS ARRANGEMENT. The last lingering doubt fades from Jack's mind when he discovers the iden tity of the young girl who is about to take part in this peculiar ceremony. Step by step he has crept along the path, picking up a clue here- and there, but until this climax bursts upon him he has not been able to grasp the whole situation. Now he has It. In order that Jack's motives may ap pear to have at least some degree of saneness in the eyes of the reader, it may be as well to lift the curtain a little at the point of his appearance In the room, and explain briefly what mis sion brings him to Edinburgh, and how strangely the Fates have undertaken to manage his caseor him. While Jack was wrestling with a fickle fortune in the silver mines of Colorado, he received word through a firm of soli citors in London that a most extraordi nary event had occurred in the other branch of his family, which resulted in his being made heiir to a rich English property over in the tight little island, besides assuming the honored address of Squire John Travers. These remarkable events do happen once in a while, even in real life, as the enterprising barrister who had hunted Jack up declared emphatically. It chanced that Jack bad made a rich strike in the mines about the same time, so that he was not very eager to hurry across the big pond and claim his new inheritance. Finally, however, having put his affairs In order, he accompanied the law yer to London. There, for the first tkne, he learned of a peculiar codicil to the will through which he was to come into possession of tlhe vast estate of the Travers family. The squire's part of it was incontestable, and that small por tion of the estate, about one-fifth, which had been entailed, must come to him through the natural law of next of kin; but the great balance, an enormous property, too, could only be come his own in case he married a cer tain young woman — a distant relative of the tesitator, who cherished an affec tion for her— which affair must come off within a year. Jack laughed aloud in soorn at the idea. He give up his freedom, and take for his wife a girl whom he had never seen before, in order to acquire certain pro perty! He would see the lawyers in a very warm place, indeed, before he dreamed of such a thing. Finding expostulation vain from the monetary point, since this young chap already possessed a fair fortune, the shrewd lawyers of Chancery-lane changed their tactics. _They read him, and saw that, like most Americans, he was chivalrous wherever womankind was concerned. So they drew his attention, to the this jnarrsage, wi vrhlch the 'testator had et|hlB Told heart, as a means of bringing - the - two trans - Atlantic branches of the family together again fail to be consummated, the vast pro perty was to pass into the hands of the Society for the Amelioration of the Con dition of the Hottentots. Having fastened his attention here, they showed him over the noble estate and Jack really was quite smitten with its charms. Then they explained to him that in case of his refusal to carry out the conditions of the will, the young woman would be left penniless, even though it were not her fault the arrangement fell through. Thus Jack was made to see what de pended on him, and how ungallant it would be on his part to force this state of poverty upon her. Last of all, these shrewd legal gentle men gave him a photograph of the girl. That completed the matter. He was already wavering through what he be lieved to be his duty -in the premise and the more he scanned the picture of his kinswoman, Jessie Cameron, the deeper grew his conviction that it was a shame for him to keep her out of that beautiful property. Of course, he expected to marry some time and settle down. Why not now, when the Fates seemed so propitious? It ended In Jack making up his mind that he would secretly seek the presence of Jessie Cameron, and if he found her all that her photograph seemed to pro mise, he would attempt to win her love under another name. Quite a romantic idea for Jack to con ceive, but he was shrewd enough not to say a word to his lawyers about it at all. His first step was to discover where the young lady might be found, and with out difficulty he learned she was in Edin burgh, It was just when he was starting for that northern capital that the young American received a mysterious letter, with the postmark of Edinburgh upon, the envelope. The writer, who was undoubtedly a woman, appealed to his love of fair play, —declared that there was a plot on foot to out-general him, and that those en gaged in it were unscrupulous in their designs; and finally begged him, if the latter should chance to reach him through his solicitors, to meet the writer before midnight on the night of May 28, or, if not then, the following night, at the Old Tolbootli, in the Canon- gate of Edinburgh, when strange things would be revealed. Jack puzzled over this missive many, times. He was strongly tempted to ask the advice of his lawyers, but compromised by seeking a friend and laying the case before him, with the result that he left London for the North on the morning of the appointed day, -with only the faithful Ah Sin. for company, and, as a consequence, we see the twain seeking the historic shades of the Canongate when the fateful hour draws near. So much for Buckingham. His motives are beyond reproach. What share has Howard Spencer in the affair? That is the puzzle witlu which Jack has been wrestling, and of which he now believes he sees tbe solu tion clearly. _ Undoubtedly Spencer knew in some way the full particulajrs of the matter, and has 'conceived a gigantic plan, whereby he may palm himself off as Jack Travers, marry the girl, come into the property, and strike a big thing. And he has corresponded with this guardian of Jessie Cameron, this Spaniard or Cuban, who poses as the girl's stepfather, so that the game has all been cleverly arranged. Jack can look back to an adventure he had recently, when he was waylaid by unknown men, robbed of money and papers, and thrown into a deep canyon to die; but in some almost miraculous manner he caught .in a tree-top and managed to save himself. Without a doubt Spencer was the cause of this attempt on his life, made before the London lawyer found him. Spencer must have fled from the region at once, since to this day he looks upon Jack as having gone over the Styx, and declares himself haunted by his ghost. Why lie did not present himself to the lawyers before seeking to marry; Miss Cameron, Jack never can under stand, but without a doubt he had reasons for it. With -this brief but necessary expla nation, the reader can appreciate Jack's feelings, as he enters the room where he is to meet for the first time the girl who is destined to play such an impor tant part in his life. He has the happy feeling of a mart who has become the favorite of the gods, for, unless the beneficent winds of a fair fortune blew his way, how else can he account for the fact of Spencer being stricken down at bis feet, the chance that led Ah Sin to pick up the all-important packet of letters, and' finally the happy outcome of hi= philan- thropical resolution to seek the house of seven gables, to. order to explain the non-appearance- of his one-time friend, Howard Spencer. The picture which still nestles next to his heart certainly does not flatter Jessie Cameron, Jack swears under his breath that, charming as he had be lieved it prior to this moment, the photograph Is but a wretched substitute for the original. . He feels her gaze instantly fastened upon him, and is conscious of a burn-1 Ing sensation over his face; perhaps it is a blush, if a sunburned young ma® can be guilty of such a thing. vST Cameron ha a too immsl rosy u-j but as he approaches a pallor suc- o/to She looks very dignified and ta <"> » fear about her eyes, as though the near approach of the strange ceremony causes nervous alarm, and Jack feels a cTeat pity stealing over him; he wants f0 aSSure this lovely creature that his nioUves are those of an honorable man, nnd that he stands ready to conform to the letter of the agreement.- The others have the courtesy to stand back and anew these principals a few minutes of ronversation. . . . This is what Jack desires the chance to Set himself right with Miss Came- ""Will you shake hands with me, for I am your kinsman, after all, Miss Je=sie?" he says, upon meeting her. She takes the proffered hand, and her eves which had been searching his face in such an earnest, beseeching manner ever since his entrance, drop before his ardent gaze. . "This is a most extraordinary affair, and I hardly know how to account to you for my share of it. I am a bache lor and I had not dreamed of marrying up' to the time my relative's queer will was read to me. Forgive me if I am frank, hut it is better you and I should understand each other. "I like frankness above all things," she murmurs; and Jack takes note of the fact that her voice is quite in har mony with her charming personality. "Well, even then I revolted, and de clared I would give up the whole busi ness; but my lawyers proved to me that if I did so it would cause you to forfeit the entire property, as your in heriting a share of it depended on my action." She raises her eyes just at this point, and something like a faint smile flits over her countenance. Jack never once takes his gaze from off her face; he is like a man under a spell — the little Witch has certainly charmed him. "Why, that is the same argument they used to obtain my consent— that, unless I agreed, you would be kept out of all your property and left penniless," she says, quickly. It is on Jack's tongue to refute the slander, and tell her he is already well supplied with this world's treasure, no matter how the case of thi inheritance goes, but he checks himself just in the nick of time. That would be an egregious blunder, for, since her motives are influenced only by the desire to help him into his inheritance, she would undoubtedly withdraw from the agreement if con vinced that her sacrifice is not neces sary to the state of his exchequer. And, strange as it may appear, such a withdrawal is about the last thing our bachelor friend desires at this stage of his infatuation. To call this fah kinswoman his own, even though she vanish from his sight when the last words of the ceremony have been said, is just now a consum mation devoutly to be wished. "Well," says Jack, smiling, "we cer tainly seem in a position to respect one another for honorable and cousinly motives. I only hope you will not bear me any other than feelings of compas sion because Fate gives me a pinch of Paradise and then snatches the picture away." His words can bear but one interpre tation; but she seems to have a burden on her mind that must be relieved, and at least pretends not to have heard, though possibly what he said may arise to confront her later on and even bring a sense of comfort. "But what can you think of me in Consenting to such a thing?" she asks, eagerly. "That, under the circumstances, you are more than kind at rescuing from poverty at such a sacrifice a kinsman you have never seen, and I shall always hold you in the most grateful remem brance. Is it possible to alter the con ditions of the agreement?" She looks alarmed at once. "No, no!" she exclaims. "They must be kept inviolate. Under any other arrangement i would possibly refuse to act." "And, as I understand it, after the ceremony that makes us man and wife is completed you pass from my sight for ever?" "For ever," she echoes. "Unless at some time in the future, should you relent " "I shall never do that. You under stand, this is merely a business arrange ment, and sentiment does not enter into It at all," she interposes. Jack only smiles quietly. That was what he himself thought, only to find out his mistake; and he has strong hopes that she will also in time. (To be continued.) 