ST. PAUL'S SUNDAY SCHOOL. LAYING THE FOUNDATION. AN INTERESTING CEREMONY. By yesterday morning's train from Melbourne the Right Rev. Field Flowers-Goe, D.D., Bishop of Melbourne arrived in Bondigo for the pur posu of laying the foundation stone of the new schoolroom : in connection with' Sfc Paul's Church of England. His. Lordship was met at Uio railway station by the- Vch. Ai-chdcaeon MaoCullagh (incumbent of St. Paul's), the Revs.' W. C. SaaHer, M.A. (ouwfo p£ St Paul’s); E. A. Grawford,u. A. (Rural; Dean, Castlcmaino)7 H. G. Alloook, M A. (Korring); Hi F;-Goss, and Messrs. W, H.Becr, T. J. ; Redhead, M. L. Herring, A.. E. Saxon and E, C., Thomson (students at Jtorry Hall), Messrs., A;. Bush, 'W. H, Cavwavdlno, II, J. Jackson,.T.RJlopkins and J. Robshaw (members-of tho vestry), and Messrs. Ji.Glen Oliplmnt*-William Powell, W. Sutton, J. Emory, A. Hill and-T.-Cambridge (members ,bf Bio building, comnhttoo), ; Aftor tho usual wolcomo and introduotions'lho Bishop was driven to St. ibVul’s parsonage.. * Tho ceremony of laying Bio foundation took place shortly after 4;. pan., there being a very large number of tho members of. the congrega tion, In addition to tho general public, present to witness tho interesting proceedings. A spacious temporary platform and gallery for the choir had:been erected, and the site was gaily decorated with flogs, etc., tho splendid Sunday , school^banner standing piit very, conspicuous among the other decorations. The foundation stone, which consisted of a handsome block of granite, was kindly presented by Mr. P. Finn, who also boro the cost of Bio following inscrip tion upon it, “To tlio.Glory.pf Go.il, this Memo rial .Stono was laid by the Right Rev. P. F. Goc, D.D., Lord Bishop' of Melbourne, on March 23,1898, tho Von. Archdeacon MacGril lagh incumbent;” ' - t A procession was formed from tho parsonage to the platform as tho site of tho foundation stone, consisting of Uie clergynnd others who had mot his Lordship at tho Railway station, in addition to the Rovs.R.'G. Nugent;Kolly,M.A.; T. Ghent (Rochester), and G. A. Brewer, ;B.A. (Eaglehawk). There were also ;on Bio platform the mayor (Cr. Hnrkiics3),,Crs. Abbott, M.L.C., and Bailcs, M.L.A._ ■ ' ' , Archdeacon MacCullogh then, formally wel comed his Lordship, and thanked him for com ing to Bendigo to perform tho ceremony of lay ing the stone. The Archdeacon briefly referred to tho great.intorcsb Uic Bishop took in all mat ters pertaining to church matters, and espec ially for the interest ho-had always evinced in St .Paul’s.-.WiBi reference to Bio Sunday school aboutto bo built Bio . archdeacon said that the need of increased accommodation had boon sorely felt for many years post, and ho was exceedingly gialiflcd to" find that a start had now boon- mode in 1 this' direction. They had now 1100 pupils on thdir Sunday school rol|, wiBi 78 teachers arid officers.. They hoped to’ provide sufficient accommodation "for 500 additional pupils. Tho cost of Bid new building would bo £1350. that being Bie amount of Bid contract, but in addition to that £150 would bo required for now furniture, etc. Altogether about £460 -had' been collected: Ho had ho doubt whatever but that the whold sum ; re quired would bo raised, and lid hod .strong faith in the stability of Bendigo, and tlmtthe amount would bo raised. When ho arrived in Bendigo in 1883 ho_ was told, that Bendigo was about played out, but this had riot come to pass yet. He felt sure, there would bo anoblo;respon6o.to thebuilding. fund in aid of: so good a cause. . „ After Bib usual preliminaries had boon ar ranged tho order of service usually held-on such occasions was commenced. The Bishop said that it is customary in the erection of public buildings to lay with solemnity sonic principal stone to represent Bio foundation or corner stone. ''Sin accordance wiBi this custom, wo are now assembled to lay the foundation stone of a build ing to, bo used in . Bio special education of children and. others -in tho Christian faith, ‘Let, us then remember how it was written: “Except the Lord build the homo, their labor is but lost that build it; except the Lord keep the city the watchman wakoth but in vain,” and let us implore Bio blessing of Almighty God on our undertaking. The ser vice was then continued, arid at the conclusion of Bio AposBes' creed' tho’foundation stono.was laid. His lordship was presented with a hand some silver trowel bearing the. inscription;— “Presented to tho Right Rev. F.’F. Goo, D.D.; Lord Bishop of Melbourne, on. the occasion of his laying the foundaBon stone of St Paul’s Sunday' School, Bendigo, March 23, 1897.” Underneath Bio stone was deposited a bottle containing copies of Bio Bendigo Independent tAdvortisor, Evening Moil, the Church Record (the.official.-organ of the diocese), and other papers relating to tho school, also the following record pertaining to Bid laying of tho stone “This foundation stono of St Paul’s Sunday School Buildings was laid, by Bio Right Reverend Field Flpivbvs. Goo, D.D., Lord Bishop of Melbourne, on March 23. 1898. Tlio Vonorablo Archdeacon MaeCullagh, incum bent, and tho Roy. W. C. Sadlier, curate of tho parish | Messrs; Albert Bush,' W. IJ; Garwardino and Georgo -Budds, church wardens; - Messrs. William Powell (lion, treasurer), J. . W. Paul (lion, secretary), John Emory, J. R. Hoskins, J. Glen Oliphant, John Ikin, Henry Jackson, H, J. Jackson, John Robshaw, J. Harwood, W.' Sutton, and J. H. .Knight, vestrymen,; Messrs. Alfred Hill ' (superinten dent), and T.,Cambridgo'(seerctaiy of the Sun day school).' Arehitcoty Mr. F. W. Lehman.. Contractor, Mr J. Daley. . . After tho. stono'had boon adjusted in its placo His Lordship said, “In tho faith of Christ, and i with prayer for the blessing of God, I lay this foundation stone of St Paul's School House in the natrip of tho'Fatlior, and of Bio Son, and of tho Holy Ghost" Tho. hymn, ‘'Tho Church’s one Foundation,” was then Bring, by tho. choir, consisting of 100 voices, under .the. conductor ship ofMr. B. J, Burslon, with Mr. J.H. Bryan as orgopist r - ‘ ' .. The collection was then taken upland £56 8s 4d was laid on tho foundation stone. - v Bishop Grip gave"a short address. - Ho first expressed Iris , extreme pleasure at being p>o sent,andhis gratitude at tho hearty reception' accorded him. He was thankful for tho kind expressions of tbo'Archdoacon, in whom ho had always found a Iclyal and willing: helper,, one who had always carried out Bio, >vishps of tho bishop faithfully and in every particular, and Who had the advancement of tho .Sunday school at heart * Not only could; ho testify to his valuable sendees, but ho was sure that if. tho Iftto bishop, Dr. Moorhouse, were on the plat form ho would also do so. The event which brongh t Biom' together was. a. riaost iroportan t one, namely, the enlargement of the Sunday school, - which wasmuch needed. They had every Sunday a largo number of children assembled for Christian education,rind tho ricouriimbdrition liad been shown to bo insuflhiiont for carrying on Bio work, .' Ho criuld not say anythuig: new to them on ' tho. subject * of .education; ,j Ho would, however, ask what is education? , It bad often been said that education meant im parting knowledge to others, blit (his ho con sidered an inadequate answer, to tho question. In his opinlpri it meant ri drawing out arid a dovclopmcnloftho powers of (he whelp, man, raontal, spiritual rind moral. He referred ! to seed being allowed to Ho without nutrition, and the contrast when it was sown in llioground, whori first tho leaf was developed in thooar, tho full car; also- Mifchael Angelo’s- roniark respecting f ri ccudp block of marble in. /the streets of Florence being tlio moans ; whereby Bio representation of arilahgel could bo pro- | duced. Educatiori required tho x wljolo man-to bo | epnscienco rind tho spiritual nature'to be developed. Hia Lordship ,then pointed out Biat. under tbo present, system of education iri Viotorih,wherein roligipue teaching was bxoludbd’frqrri ‘ the .State schools, it was necessary, to do all possible, % to secure that teaohlrig'in' our Sunday solippla. 'arfd .to: ensure that teaching being efficient. By eofistrucling the thoro lyould bo accommoda tion for SOO more hhildrori, and such accom modation’wasn}rich' riprided. Ho was sure there wore inany old, scholars there who could look back with great pleas uro to tho days thoy spent there; rindr 6 friio fornicd vmich had proVod lasting. : Ho; touS]tcd thrifc tho workmen engageda if Iniilding’Uii) atruhturo Would bo prpsurved fi'oin .accident, and that all pre sent w.ori|d : bp spared to sco the consummation of tho "Work' df.Bioy df- ;y tlio'.hew school room whidh had bdori commenced • under' suoli fayprablo auspices,.; The hymn, “ On ward, Soldiprs ” was' Biori: sungj after which .the, bishop; pronounced ftHo/boiicdietion,- and Qi^;i$oq^{h^''do8od,7' : ■ ;. ./ ; ‘K is.oxpcetid thrit, thd building, which -‘ was eommpririod ; ribout; tKe. nilddlo'v of- last month, Mfill be dproplotod'th Jrily/ > , ■ - 