For: Those Who Fail. ' All honour to him .who shall win the prize,' The world has cried for a thousand years, But to him who tries, and who fails and dies; I give great honour, and glory and tears. Give glory and honour and pitiful tears To all who fail in their uceds sublime, Their ghosts are many in, the, van of years, They were born with. Time in advance of . Time. Oh, great is the hero 'who wins a name, ,But greater many and many a time, Some pale-faced fellow who dies in shame, And let& God finish the 'thought sublime. ? ' .. ? (( And great is the man with a sword undrawn, And good is the man who i-efrains from winej But the man who fails and'yet still fights on, Lo I he is the twin-bora brother of mine. — Joaquin Miller. We must request squeamish readers not to read the following comments of the .''Eagle ' on the late disgraceful revelations about the wftgw of female Bible-binders in Seofclaad. — Is this not a fearful, and alarming condition of things 1 Fancy poor Christian girls employed, in the Christian work of making Christian Bibles to aid the development of Christianity bai»g paid such in an-0hristi&n; wage tJiat they were compelled to sacrifice their Christian virtue on the altar of lust to feed their starved bodies ? And this thing of evil affronts God to day, here and now. \7ell might we exclaim with crabbed Carlyle : 'Oh, Heaven, is civili sation but a mere wrappage through which the savage nature of man bursts forth infernal as, ever ?' And yet the British people with their ' cheap music-hall patriotisms,' as Mr. O'Rell calls it, pride in this V wrappage,' this ragged husk, which, like a beggar's rags, barely covers the festering social- corruption beneath. They boaat'of their civilisation and' their institutions, - forgetting the Jezebel whom* their civilisation and commercial institutions are producing every year. They point with pride to their annual production of Bibles, but conveniently forget that the price of every hundred is a human soul at ds. per week 1 