THE MAN WHO BOUGHT A GHOST. Sues for Non-delivery. When the California Limited pulled out from tho Dearborn-street station on tiic night of January 1, ISO—, thc smoking room of thc Pullman was occupied by six transcontinental travellers. It was 10 o'clock when tho left Chicago, and thc half hour following was spent by each man in taking mental stock of his companions, witli the purpose of determining if tlie probabili- j ties were in fAvor of an agreeable trip. | It was aftor breakfast ou thc first morn I ing out, as they were speeding across the wide plains of Kansas, that thc talk began to take on some unity, and to become really worth while. It happened in this way : — Thc bluffdooking man in the groy tweeds, who might have been either a newspaper man or a pennant- winning yutchsman, hud chanced to remark incidentally that he fol lowed thc profession of tho law. And upon this thc quiet, smoothJaced young man in tho corner, whom all tlio others united in believing a clergyman, looked up with sud den interest. ' Pardon me,' ho said, in a voice as soft as a woman's. 'I don't mean to be in quisitive, but if you can do it, without I violating the bond of professional secrecy, yon might relievo thc monotony of this trip by tolling us of tho most remarkable ease in which you have ever boon concorncd. To hear a true story will be vastly better than reading lies.' ' 1 do uot know much about family skele tons,' said tho lawyer, by way of prelude, ' but this is, perhaps, the next thing to one —a ghost story. Doubtless you have all heard plenty of tales of ghosts, but this differs from others of its kind in thc fact thut it is. a ghost story— with thc ghost left out. At least, tho ghost is not in it to the extent that he should be by rights. 'It is about a client of mine,' he con. tinned,, warming to his work us ho saw the look of interest and expectancy deepcuing on thu face of his hearers, ' who sued for thc possession of a ghost ho claimed to have bought, but which had not been delivered. ' It happened wheu I was younger than now. I was practising in an old town in Western Massachusetts. Round ubout were a good many estates that had once been thc homes of families who were more or less notable in their day. But tho mutabilities of time had brought about impoverishment | und degeneration, and one by ono these homes came uuder the hammer and passed into stiunger hands. You know how such things go— for a song, always. So it was with a good deal of surprise that I learned one day that thc Richardson place, us it was known throughout the country, had been sold for a very large sum— for quite us much, in fact, us it would have brought iu its palmiest days, although now it was a very dilapidated old ruin. The wonder of tho matter was the greater, as the family was extinct, except for a minor aud poverty stricken branch, dead, too, to family pride, so that seutiment could have played no part in tho purchase. ' I must go back a little and toll you that thc houso hud long had the uncauuy reputa tion of being haunted -~%a reputation, you may be sure, that was not all calculated to add to its market value. There was a talc of some trcasuro hidden about or beneath it, and a ghost that walked at midnight and pointed with white finger towards the spot where it was. Whatever value the treasure story might have given to the house was duly discounted by the ghost that kept guard over it. Thc legend back of all this was that the treasure had been hidden by a certain miserly old Richardson a long timo back to keep it from the reach of his renegade, spend- thrift son. And the son had killed the father for his refusal to discover the hiding place. From that day on thc murdered man hod walked, and his ghostly self ever pointed toward tho spot he had given up his life to keep secret. 44 Foolish as it may seem, this was the reason my client had plunged so wildly in buying the place. He believed iu ghosts, and cxpccted this one to reveal thc treasure to him. But after spending a month in thu house and watching evety night for the appearance of the spook, without avail, lie decided that the tale was a pure fabrication, and camc to me to securc redress ' Upon investigation I fouud that the agent had really sold thc house as haunted. This my client had beeu wise enough to have appear in the description in the deed of sale. As the majority of men do uot believe in the exiatcnco of ghosts, I thought it would be easy enough to recover before a jury the amount which iny client had paid. ' I will not worry you with the details of the case. When it came to trail the attorney for thc defenco insisted that the jury should judge for themselves— not from the evidence produced in coi.rt, but by ocular evidence on the spot— whether or not the ghost was there. And to this demand the ju^gc as sented, und 1 myself was nothing loth. ' Tho jury, my client, and the attorney for the defence, and mysolf arranged to spend the night iu tho house to determine whether or not' the ghost appeared us ad vertised. We were nil very jocular about it, except tuc other attorney, ilo was serious and composed, and towards mid night his imperturbable gravity begau to have some effect upon us. At half- past 11 wc filed into thc room where thc Shade wus said to rendezvous. We had no lights, und agreod to keep perfect siicnco, aud so give the ghost every show. Tho night was in tensely dark, and a steady rain was falling, and we could hear it beat upon thc room. We hud been in the room but a few minutes .when tho stiducss began to grow oppressive. It seemed unnatural that fifteen stromr, wide-awake men should keep such absolute sucnco. I ' Presently the voice of the other attor ney was heard, deep aud measured—1 Keep your eyes fixed on the door through which we came. It always enters from that direc tion. It will be clothed in white, uud its arms will point straight ahead. Watch. ' For the first timo my confidence in my. self began to weaken. I found myself seriously considering thc possibility of ghosts. How long I romaiued in this state X do not know, but suddenly I saw dis tinctly a horrible white something loom up before me. I tried to hold on to myself, to reason away what I knew to be only a trick of the imagination, but in spite of all I felt thc cold perspiratiou start out upon my fucc, aud know my knee* wore shaking under me. What I would havo douo if left to my own volition I will uot undertake to say. Alow troan at my right— a cry of fear on thc other side, and then a rush and scurry of feet— and a moment later wc stood huddling together in tho rain outside, and thc ghost had proved his cxistcnco ami hud the premises to himself — and my clicnt had lost his case.' There was a moment's silence as the storyteller fiuished. Then the young man who set him going said, ' But lib found his ghost. Was lie not satisfied ?' ? That is the curious part of it,' replied tho 6ther ; ' tho ghost never appeared ugaiu.' * The youug man waited for him to speak further. Aud when he did not, he asked, ' Have you no theory ?' ' Yos. I explain it in tho s imo way I do the trioks of the Fakirs aud Yoghis of the East.. The other attorney was a hypnotist. Ho played upon the imaginations as on a harp of a thousand strings. 