Lower Manning. «. ? « ? (FEOM A CORRESPONDENT) Not seeing anything from your Oxley scribe I have come to the conclusion that he has given up the ghost or gone to Gladesville, after the drubbing he got from 'Scout.' I will endeavour to pen you a few lines, and let you know we are still alive. The Weather. The want of rain is severely felt down this way, nearly all the water holes on Jones' Island being dry, and whab are not are spoilt by the. high tides. If rain does not soon come mat ters will be quite as bad as some nlaces out west. I understand that the residents of Croki are depending for drinking water on the underground tank at Mr. T. W. Bollard's store. I thick that the only thing for us to do to secure a constant water supply, will he to condense it from tbe river. Lower Manning Butter Factory. Matters are very lively ab this fac tory just now. The supply of milk and cream coming in is something wonderful. One day list week the large quantity of a ton and a half of butter was turned out While on the cream business I might give some of the hand separator suppliers a hint. At tbe present time come of tbe cream that arrives is fit to kill at 100 yards when it arrives at the factory, and yet the men who supply it expect tins stuff to make Al butter and get top price for it, which is impossible. Now if those persons who only send to the factory twice or three times a week, were not to mix the various separatings until each lob was properly cool ib would save a lot of this trouble. For instance, say you separate this mornin;; and keep the cream in the can until the following day, and then separate the omer on lop {wmen everyuuo buuuiu know ie heated), it stands to reason that it can't improvo it. Each lot should be properly cool before mixing, and not separate one lot on top of tbe other, as I know some dairymen do Great improvements are being ac complished at the factory just now by additions to the building, and new machinery, which I understand will run into about .£400 when completed. Since Mr. Henry, the popular manager of tbe factory took charge, everything seems to have prospered with the com pany, Dairy Cattle. Mr. W. Allan, has just imported a trio of heifers from the South Coast, and if I am any judge they will make good milkers, and help to improve his already grand herd of cattle. Mr. Allan was one, of the first to move in the establishment of the Lower Man ning Co-operative Dairy Co., and great credit is due to this gentleman for the manly way he has always stood out for the interests of the shareholders at the meetings of the company. Hand Separators. Among tho recent importations of nana separators, 1 nuuueu ui»u uir. j?, G. Bedford, of Pampool&h;, has decided to give one a trial, and, judging by the experience of others, I feel sure he will not regret it. Taking the Money. It is surprising the drain of money that has been taking place lately, by way of travelling troupes. 1 hear business men all round complaining of the scarceness of ready cash, which is due to tbe above crusp. Politics. At the general election we protec tionists were taunted by some free traders tbat we were trying to get a protectionist party into power, with the assistance of freetraders, so as to sneak iu protection. I would like to know what they have to say about their ' Yes-No' ' Freetrade- Protec tion' Premier now 1 What party is it trying to sneak in protection 1 The protectionists gave their pledge not to interfere with the tariff, as well as the freetraders. But what do we find the latter doing now 1 It only goes to prove that the boasted surplus all through of the Reid party was only a surplus on paper, and that he has to fall hack on protection to carry him through. 