J flE BEATt 1 '' V. .. "I'VE seen your for the life of Carlyle to his h< "Mi ao M„,r , '"'""'7 nL ' (> tome with a ri when she j hiehiv nf vi:..'. , ® " ,le r - ' And she is er- "Oh ves I 'Hr 1 •> ' ' , r J ou Kl1li tlie children lifc,. u and certainly hn> her music." Mrs. Farringt for which she \ Hftfyi , in and JackCarlvle'.ui.-Uv^J,i^l, face, as he had but all hi^ endc memory. Mies Madison 1. -i anrtKei, u one else beside,= .lack (Vlvie i' Farrington-Jolms" liroUier-in'.^ ' the well-.kuown >i"Ln»rr He declared 1 hi c Madison was 11; r "ny Ojirk "J girl ir. ' speaking to. "That's very uvidcmly row haven't seeu you *p cak to anyone* Farrington, the whole liici.t ' 6 qeutly. " " Oh ! You're posing as a ilis^j, a woman-hater, don't von bony "I'm , sure I'm "doing nothing 0fib,| ON L Y I UST recovering from 'Diana.' You ranember tnH,.;T' fetched me so at v Zerdoiidisentur' . .1 ..,. fc mi Percy Johns laughed. "The marvel I was always goimio did. Haven't you forgotten' lierreTN the sex who're branded a, iuconstw "Surely I can remember good ridi it ?" said Carlvle. topcliiiv ••,• 1 11 ti,_ „: ri „„j ,„, " •' . tll e S 11 ' 1 ' aud \ ^ e ,0! « oUe " * never torget the u ;iy she took I ho " Well, I'll make'il a point of Urai see h e . r wheK Zerdondi's .sbow ret^ t come up to expectations lookout." Here seeing Miss Madisai' a corner, Tercv Johns made his 1 5 . 1 , f nf ! wf f. ,osfc to everything else, „ hade ium good-night, and retired^ Farrington-Johns (Mrs. F. J. ini ohil(1r,f nv ,. n, rlinin. , w • cuua r ® n s cognomens being = as well as her own], and i J erey.Jitei of her for the cvcuini'. Rut he did unf fnivet the miti I ne " , , , t , , l° le(i governess, with her large black tvesi ling contrast to her fair skin andhsii.1 bissister- in-law bv attending lierV • - - ' • • tions and dances, to say notliiugrif^ and tennis parties, with the rcguia" on parade. Mrs. FaiT)iigtoii--!oli»s fd! was not a society man, and her i® lier it was an honour for him to batdl Ins countenance on anv social , particularly racing, was to Ium me& life. Mrs. Farrington-,lolms took ilinloh it was a widow, Mrs. Lawraiiw, J attraction, and bi-r astonieiimeni c when Miss Madison came to ton fewniinutc^ of her iittenliuu, 1 , 1 1, J ,cL-«i hUi that Mr. Percy .lolms Hart askeanef«n wife, "Really? You—why!" was aii; could utter for a r-wond. "It does seem surprising, doesnl J Miss Madison, with modest dif """ "Well, ves," said Mrs. candidly : then sue survey she was a prei.lv lady-like girl. F„„ F.U ITS R.^RBPS of limM Jrock, with us u- ci w t tion. Percy midiHia-yeuoue' maid, or—Mrs. J" arnngtoiwoi cafeiy aud ; Madisou, iron) looked round for an open windo*. Then Mrs. Varrington-JohM sbateliness and biased Miss Madam! cordiality. " My dear. ;:ti) really very jM congratulateil ,,1 his good f ense ' will be very 1 r,. v. I never mi Mrs. Lawraui '• Vlieadded, ino Miss Madist -lid not quite part of the s. ..•nee, but theft sailing, and 'i ; elt grateful to A Johns for a •jiling her; a* observed her odest, uoamm approved of i'"- iiiore and more. . "Oh! Whr s vour uaiiie, M'S " Eleanor,' , l({ the owner tn Mrs.! " Eleanor .-iite the iiame Johns would : c chosen " Well, Eie' ir, dear, of 0 you are relets from tise for some r., to - take yourpto; mai you will stay • • v h us and oe w" your parents arc . 0f ifef All this B Johns, and f ^ t ^ l * ^ verbially luck less fortunate 1 auopportuBitvof^^ and-a reason lor 1 So there Farringtou-J' 11 during which r.mevanou ^ Mions had <urned out .„ desired, Percy Jog announced to his steeplechasers intended to laui^^p thus gratify tJjej-gJ Mrs. Johns nas^^rs aiidall bis doingSi- <^| ful oompanioD, things about dropp^S^" .-lit' smiled lie only met ,T owner on .i, qih-ohasereV : them V" she ,. n,,t : you shall jnmw either of MII.W the little j„: told me in a 1, horse was to ..light to get it, ;.<• iinnted to do • ,m ' at thetime, ,1 forgotten the , nils no sign of !|(> ' good thing : Hush thing to .,i) jjivv, and t-30 ; awfully chuffed . jiijjht, or said he. ,,! his first tjues- ..':id a chestnut — reni 1 :. has her, and M :. Johns, why the i :••.!,) you? 7 ' , : i.'iv spoke of some . , ••••i?uilaied John?. ..•iiCRlnut Oil ! • anv price. That .' :: , The little i..wn the room, lie mended, and ; ,stones,'' as Tom to have remarked . ,,f "slightly on." \- • , Mir .; .! ,,< aud the devoted . ivv aud the chestnut | clioiiii''- IfpWl.i! if till' i Ml-. j- v. red, and the out- •i -i* not prepossessing, latter, she started and .. lie's a mystery," was <e!iifs"}'»>"'KM ,.!,•„. broken-down up- I'tlfl J.' 1 :id of him and the •rfk-i'. •j.if ever there was mi a mice of authoritj', V .-Hi prise, from his wife. K. f -II- Vu'il' ,,n. "(jot rid of the [ vca lit'' I'll! k |i i ho grey. He reminds lu-'Vi t"l OW I hat 'Wild give a stag Ltiiiin;.;. AH:!, as he hasn't got a S^lijiu-tal! iiii'i S|i;ing!(H.'' no Mr.-Joluis-' interposition, " Spangles, t clirif.ttiii.'ii. was retained and tried ri- his talents ;i-.timishcd Tom King jisaiv .-a»: jump. Perhaps lie is the Hv-.ii^M t>>"know ," King said to Mrs. *<k jfc'ilimu priced.'" r-in' answered, calmly. s>-AtK£ u> •••i.U'V iiim for the Grand . Su-eple' 1 i-ritiis"i thought of it. I'll wrailid tiki'ii wilh thf idea, and after stdwi.m d sumll steeplechase at Moonee |»nd& a'U];)i' of hurdle races at Caulfield, Itaieml lor tin' tirand National Steeplemany liiuu odds of 100 to one were , whii'ii siiuWh what the public estimate ist ik-y tmild 1 it otherwise, for tlie favuuviic i ambled Eggs, being i to -2li. mi Neophyte, the second ar Miijj \w'!l supported at 100 to 6, t >if oikr well-known performers in m. Jack 'IV;r and ('hampagne Charley, fort tin- uiue Mis. Juhns expressed a Kite* 8|«angle.«* toilet being performed, 'J-liaii'l look lii-r l'uunu die bird-cage, "iltnl you arc, Percy she said, banter- >enbcriou-l\ : -'Haw. you been plunging 'kanwrn-d, '• I v.a: hard hit over the | |M<: us well. (,v 1 • sliouldn't. ' - - care. - ok is|«i>gk-> has a ghost of a chance, but 1/jok, ki-c's ilu me I fancy, Cliamparity.'' gra'-Mis'." said Mr,:. .Johns, stopping grmioUhavluy, who v.hinniedand rubbed JgawsUitvuluYtfoi a second, then turned a,ui lviwl 1 ff 0 "ip bis attendant. Tai. to you, too." v.-aslook'ui- ed and muttered 'served Spangles u > iiursclf.' P^'-'i ii. silcuoc L»ill V a v.-r I" ^'i'iimliluii , Kin... k fal-- Htiri.ampa.t.n,. CJhaiK-y 1 suppose," said rates]v. prepming mount. " Any u.11 •1 U "- v,J "- : '^i't at '-ham, ™ e 01 form and :,•.,,,'• r '^ructions f01 •. ace if anything Jfe'll win if he '•"I Mrs. Johns, 'h ns, moving off Charley, who ••}•• ' said Mrs. '!' the stirrup; he withdrew it, ana looked at her in astonishment. " If anything happens to Scrambled Eggs, and you have Champagne Charley to beat, just before the last fence say to him, ' Keep back.' And see that he hears you say it." With these words, uttered very impressively, Mrs. Johns joined her husband and they went to find a good stand to watch the race, leaving Tom King staring blankly after them. When the race started, Cockalorum made the running and took them along at a hot pace, then .lack Tar took it up, and accidents and blunders were the order of the race. A groan went up when Cockalorum, thoroughly blown, did not rise at one of the fences, but baulked at it, and brought down Scrambled Eggs aud dislocated his jockey's collar - bone ; and the only three left in it were three of the laggards — Jack Tar,. Spangles and Champagne Charley, which latter appeared to have the race w r on. But Spangles was by his side, although King felt he was losing ground rapidly; and, with the despair of a drowning swimmer, Chicago " at t he clutched at the straw of Mrs. Johns' ast word, As they raced neck and neck for the last jump, lie said, in a loud, distinct voice : " Keep back, keep back," and dimly heard the voice of Champagne Charley's jockey saying angrily, " Keep back yourself," when .Spangles took the fence, struck it heavily, and was all but down, recovered himself, and set off down the straight m the phlegmatic way peculiar to him. When a stride from the post, King ventured to look back, and had a glimpse of Champagne Charley extended to the utmost vainly trying to catch him, with 'Jack Tar labouring in the rear a bad third. That something had happened at that last lenee King was sure, judging by the objurgations of Champagne Charley's jockey, that he had heard just as his own mount struck the fence. last "Champagne Charley's baulked at the fence !" said Johns, excitedly, as his grey came up the straight by himself. "Kingfollowed my instructions then," said Mrs Johns quietly, then she explained as if n was a most everyday occurrence. " You 'see, Percy dear, I was the Diana of Zerdondis Circus, the girl your friend Mr. Carlyle admired, and I used to ride a horse like Spangles in the Grand Steeplechase. Champagne Charley was the horse who used to come second only he was called Bay Billy then, so if I thought there was any doubt of my winning I used to tell limy to keep back and he quite understood, and that is what King has done, and-and you don t numl my being Diana, do you, Percy dear ?" I "No, my darling, I'm very glad, for if you had not been Diana I'm sure I don't know however we could have managed the beating of Champagne Charley." THK Church has taken the advice tendered by PirriCH a couple of issues back, and has settled the Crotty will case out of court in a manner creditable to both its good feeling and good sense. Mrs. Crotty is to receive £1000 a year, without any restrictions being imposed as to her place of residence or future actions, and the caveat has been withdrawn. The lady accepts the ofl'er, and now everybodj' is satisfied, barring the lawyers, of course. The latter are deprived of some nice pickings by the success of the peace negotiations, and are sitting in metaphorical sackcloth, strewing apocryph'al ashes on their heads. The wisdom of the course taken is palpable. A hard light, in the courts would probably have cost the estate as much as the £1000 a year represents, and would have led to fierce recriminations and left much bitterness behind. The example of solicitors on both sides are ones that should be followed by gents of the profession. ORANGE V. GREEN. The Australian Native's Argument. [The Orange celebration on Tuesday evening, the 12th July, at the Melbourne Town llall passed off without interference. When all Australian natives, of Irish Catholic or Orange descent, argue as Larry Doolan did on the night of the 12th, the Brunswick riots will become events of the past.] " COMN, rouse out, Micky Doolan, an' obey yer jootv's call; There's a monshter Orange matin' to be held in the Town Hall. My Oirish blood is boilin', and Oi'ni shpoiliiv for the foight, And Oi'll niver rist unliss Oi shplit a head or two this noight. " Don't sit Bthariir, Micky Doolan ; but git up and sa?.e your sthick. If yer don't, well then, be jabers, you are not yer father's Mick. If poor Larry now was livin' there would be no second thought; For Larry knew how dearly all our liberties were bought.'" But Micky did not stir himself; "Sit down, my friend," said he, 1 ; And we'll just discuss that question you have raised—of liberty. It's true my dad was Irish, and that you were father's friend, And you both swore that this hitter feud should never, never end. " But don't you see, friend Paddy, that your feuds are nought to me V Your laud, where all the trouble rose, is miles aci'oss the sea. Though Erin's blood runs in my veins, her accents in my tone, You know that I am native-born—Australian, blood and bone. " You tell me of some liberty—you say 'twas dearly bought— The liberty that we enjoy is liberty of thought. You have your views, and I have mine, with none to say us nay, Yet you'd have me use a blackthorn stick to sweep all that away." " N o , Paddy, no ; we natives of a young and glorious land In brotherhood and love and peace will march on hand in hand; Each man's religion's his affair, and we'll not be to blame . If black deeds "neath religion's cloak can raise the blush of shame." CEO. MtTLciUNOCK. • OUR daily contemporaries and politicians are very fond of running to PUNCH'S pages for illustrations and arguments, and of course we do not object; on the contrary it rather gratifies us to discover the scope of our influence extending. A small cartoon printed in PUNCH put the case of men like the late Mr. Crotty, who leave their( money awav from those who have the most right, to it the w idows and orphans, in a very forceful; manner. The picture represented a dead hand reaching from a coffin, and withdrawing bread from the widow. The line under this read : In the Grip of a "Dead Alan's Hand." The picttire was much talked of, and in Monday's A y e there is an article which concludes with the expression of an opinion that "the time seems to have arrived when the power of the 'dead hand should be* curbed bv up-to-date legislation." Hear, hear !| Common sense, justice and religion say s< should not the law insist upon it'; MISS ELSIE LANDER. The yonng American actress in bor impersonation of tbe title role in " Miss 