TELEPHOTOS. ; An Important Invention. Night Signalling in the-Nayy , c The- telephotos (says the; San ' Frariciseo- ' .-"Chronicle") has been, adopted' In .the ; navy of the United States for signalling as "a sub stitute for the Ardois system, '' which has been discarded. , ' - / The telephotos is, ns its; name implies, a system of light telegraphy, or.;- telegraphing by a system of lights, arid it is at once thr, ghost powerful, accurate and slriiple, appliance 'yet devised for the transmission -of orders and signals from ship, to ship at iilght under any and all conditions of AVaiter, :wind and Aveather. By means of the telephbtos any montage,-. letter, cypher, order or. code, signal cun.be sent from a flagship to, any, and, all vessels within a'lsual range, arid by.: another telephotos on, another ship can be repeated, or the answer flashed back. All of this; too, can be done by an -operator standing before a little instrument that looks, like the. , bin- riacle of a yacht, and playing a sot of keys within its hood marked with letters like those of a typewriter, and pressed in almost the same manner. The part "of the telephotos ; that displays the mosnge to the other shops consists, of a string of four lanterns similar 'In appearance ,,to those that', are . set on' tiie roar: platforms, 'of railtvay trains ' fo ' Avarn. loeornotlves; bs- :h!nd. This string hangs vertically from the , yard or mast of the vesel, the lanterns being ;nbout fourteen feet upart. On. . / I; CLOSER EXAMINATION' it AVlll be seen. liowever; that these lanterns are widely different iii Htructure from thosi of the railway trains. , In the first place,, 'each lamp is double; that is, It has two globes, one above the other, one .white and 'one red, and both of the mqst powerful leus form. Inside of each is .a separate group of .incandescent electric larrips. These globe -are carried in powerful . brass frames;' and' jeach lamp is Avuter, air, arid gas1 tight, ; that no rain, or smoke, or powder gits- may. pene trate to dim the light from AVlthin. The, sailors are responsible for ' their ""oiitAvafJ ' brilliancy. The four double lamps are ear- pied by two strong wire cables, and. along one of these heavy supporting cables ruiis'a -lieaA'y insulated electric cable, which carries ; the AVires that run separately to each; half of the four suspended' lamps. By the; .wires . of this cable it Is possible to light any one of the red or any one of the white lights, all of the red, or all of the Avhite, 'or' ariy '.possible combination of. the red and .Avhite '.'lights. It. Is by this combining of red arid Avhite lights thnt any possible letter, number or word, or any combination of letters, .and Avords, In any language/ or in any cypher.can be shoAvn, to be read by another operator on another ship.- THE INVENTOR . of the teiephotos is C. V. Boughton,' of Buf- falo, a man Avho is not a sailor, and is in' no way connected with marine interests; It occurred to him one eA'ening, when driving Avhere he could see the harbour lights at, But- . falo. that if a system could be devised. so that n powerful red or white light could be shotyn at will, by using the Avhite light as a dot and the red light as a dash, any message ' that could be sent by telegraph could be flashed across the Avater from ship to ship, at sea. That was the basic principle of the tele photos, and thnt Is the method of its opera tion to-day,. -the important modifications be ing the combination of the several red and Avhite lights so that all the dots and, dashes of a letter or figure may be shotvn'at once, and Avith one touch of a key. The keyboard of the telephotos' is 'one of its most essential features. 'It, Is,- first, of Jail, water tight, so that no rain or spray froiri the waves flying, over the bridge- tvhere -the .stan dard -.is 'located can get inside to corrode or make cross-connections. ' Each' key carries ; Us letter or figure precisely as typewriter . 'keys do, arid the depression of one of. them imakeMtie ..connections JJhat." . . ';; DIsi?LAY THE SIGN ' . / of the letter.from ,the lamps overheads Thus, when, the key "A" is. touched, the toil — Avhite I — sections' of the two upper lamps send their glow across the Avater. Touch "B" and the first, or top lamp, glOAVS AVlilte; the second and third red, and the' lotver lamp Avhite. Touch "C" and' red, Avhite, red burns In the air;, the colours counting from the top down. Alt essential fenture of this key action is its ;simpleness and positiveness. No key can by, any possibility make the Avrong signals, and Avhen one key is doAvn all the others, by a simple device, are locked in their places. This makes the pressing of two keys at orice and the confusing of the signals impossible. When one key is doAvn it may be turned orie-' quarter around, locking it in place, and thus leaving the signal standing, if, for. Instance, . that signal Is desired as a special code order. . The first telephotos used In the United States Navy was put on the 'Maine for ex perimental tests. The battle-ship Oregon Avas equipped Avith the telephotos before, starting on her voyage around the Horn, and for several Aveeks prior to lier departure for San Francisco bay her crew Avere drilled nightly in signalling Avith it. It is said that the British naA'al authorities liaA'e equipped AVith the telephotos four of the finest battle ships of the British navy — the Magnificent, the Majestic, the Revenge, and the Ramil- lies. 