Clinging to God. One great purpose in. all affliction is to bring us down to the Everlasting Arms. What new strength and peace it gives us to feel them under neath us ! We know that, Tar as we may have sunk, we cannot go any farther. Those mighty arms can not only hold us, they can lift us up ; they can carry us along. Faith, in its essence, is simply a resting on' the Everlasting Arms. It is trusting them, and not our own weakness. The sub lime act of Jesus as our Redeemer was to descend to the lowest depths of human depravity and guilt, and to bring up his redeemed ones from that horrible pit in his loving arms. Faith is just the clinging to those arms and nothipg more. Sentimental ^en Pray for holiness as an-l if it were something apart Practical *rom every-day life, something that had noth ing at all to do with their conduct in their domestic, social, and business relations. They sing, ' Nearer, my God, to Thee,' with glowing fervour, but never think that the prayer can be answered only by the uplifting of their own lives to the plane of God's require ments. Holiness is not a mere sentiment, not a vague vision of glory overhanging us like a heavenly cloud, not a rapture or an ecstasy, not something that God sends down to wrap us like a garment in its radiant folds. If being holy means anything at all, it means being true, honest, upright, pure, gentle, patient, kind and unselfish. We really have no more religion than we get into our every-day practice. Wherein our de votion is higher than our living, it counts for nothing. — homing Star. . John Ruskin in his Ethics Taking up 0f Dust, says, ' Taking up the Cross. one's cross means simply that you are to go the road which you see to be the straight one ; carrying whatever you find is given you to carry, as well and stoutly as you can ; without making faces, or calling people to come and look at you. Above all, you are neither to load or unload yourself, nor cut your cross to your own liking. Some people think it would be better for them to have it large ; and many, that they could carry it much easier if it were small ; and even those who like it largest are usually very particular about ' it being orna mental, and made of the best ebony. But all that you have to do is to keep your back as straight as you can : and not lliink about what is upon it — above all, not to boast of what is upon it. He who knows nothing of Pillow pillow prayerrf is ignorant Prayers. of one of the sweetest modes of prayer practic able to man on earth. In heaveu we may have no need for pillows, as it is said we are to have none for the tun. Nor shall we there have any need of the night, in which to rest us; but here there is a night and we need it. The day with its engrossments being gone, it is a most favourable time for the gathering in of our thoughts upon our selves — our t-ius, our wants, fears, and hopes, and then the turning of them up toward heaven. This is what the psalmist is apparently referring to in his words, ' When I remember thee upon my bed, and meditate upon thee in the night-watches.' That he uttered many a pillow prayer is a thousand-fold more than probable. ' I have remembered thy name, 0 Lord, in the night.' ' I prevented the dawning of the morning and cried.' Those cries were prayers before the dawn of day. Conscience : God's higbest glory is His Its Place holiness, in virtue of and Power. whlch He hates and destroys the evil, loves and works the good. In man con science has the same work : it condemns sin and approves the right. Conscience is the remains of God's image in man, the nearest approach to the Divine in him, the guardian of God's honour amid the ruin of the fall. As a conse quence God's work of redemption must always begin with conscience. The spirit of God is the spirit of holiness ; conscience is a spark of the Divine holiness. Harmony between the work of the Holy Spirit in renewing and sanctifying man and the work of con science is most intimate and essential. The believer who would be filled with the Holy Spirit and experience to the full the blessings he has to give, must, in the first plaoe, see to it that he yields to conscience the place and the honour which belong to it. Faithfulness to conscience is the first step in the path of restoration to the holiness of God. Intense conscientiousness will be the groundwork and characteristic of true spirituality. As it is the work of conscience to witness to our being right toward our sense of duty and toward God, and the work of the Spirit to witness to God's acceptance of our faith in Christ and our obedience to Him, the testimony of the Spirit and of conscience will, as the Christian life progresses, become increasingly identical. We shall feel the need and blessedness of saying with Paul, in regard to all our conduct, ' My consciense also bearing me witness in the Holy Ghost.' Conscience can be com Conscience pared to the window of a Darkened, room through which the light of heaven shines, and through which we can look out and see that heaven, with all that its light shines on. The heart is the chamber in which our life dwells, our ego, our soul, with its power and affections. On the walls of that chamber there is written the law of God. Even in the heathen .it is partly legible, though sadly darkened and defaced. In the believer the law is written anew by the Holy Spirit in letters of light, which often at first are but dim, but grow clearer, and glow brighter, as they are freely exposed to the action of the light without. Witli every sin I commit the light shines in and makes it manifest and condemns it. If the sin be not confessed and forsaken, the stain remains, and conscience becomes defiled, because the mind refused the teaching of the light. And so with one sin after another the window gets darker and darker, until the light can hardly shine through at all, and the Christian can sin on undis turbed, with a conscience to a large ex-* tent blinded and without feeling. In His work of renewal, the Holy Spirit does not create new faculties : He renews and sanctifies those already existing. Conscience is the work of the Spirit of God the Creator. As the Spirit of God the Redeemer, His first care is to restore what sin has defiled. It is only by restoring conscience to full and healthy action, and revealing in it the wonderful grace of Christ, ' the Spirit bearing witness with our spirit,' that He enables the believer to live a life in the full light of God's favour. It is ias the window of the heart that looks heavenward is cleaned, and kept clean, that we can walk in the light. — Rev. Andrew Murray. 