3Q.0ONFIDENOE. THEBE are three Eichmonda ia the field, and they all know that they have not the ghost of a chance of defeat* ing the redoubtable Bichard, But the farce is to be kept up for the heat part of another week. S:'r John Downer'e motion was tabled with the view of giving opponents an opportunity of relieving their feelings as to the mis deeds of Ministers, but its sponsors had no wish that it should be carried. Then came Mr. Glynn's amendment, which temporarily raised a hope that it would weld together the discordant elements of the Opposition, and lead them to victory, But it failed to do this. The Labor element of the; Opposition, not being able to get! acceptable terms, stood off, and the j outsQmehas been act independent X&bo;#; amendment, whi§h is probably meant i to burlesque the whole busies? Ministers will now beat Sir John Downer and Mr. GHynn by the aid of the Labor Party, and the Libor Party by the aid of the direct Opposition, and we may assume that everybody will then be happy, and that the work of the session will go on all the better because of the ludicrous display of fireworks. The Opposition Btrategy has been about as able as that of the naval authorities of Spain. The strategy has beat only its framers. GOOD PRICES FOE STORE STOCK.-Mr, A. J. Plate reports having sold yesterday, on account of Messrs. M. and A. Gardiner, of Mount Schanck, 2,000 Btore crossbred wethers at 10s. per head, and 600 comeback store wethers at 8s., Mr, S, Matheson, of Buokland Park, who is a large fattener of sheep for the West, being the purchaser. Mr, Plate says he has buyers for over 30,000 Btore sheep, and numerous enquiries for Btore cattle, but they are not to be had in the district. He has never known the South East to be so short of store stock. FOOTBALL.-Another trial of strength between the Imps and the Rovers has been arranged for Wednesday, BAND OF HOPE.-A crowded meeting of the Mount Gambier Band of Hope was held in the Wesleyan schoolroom on Wednesday evening. Mr. J. F. Palamountain, tho President, occupied the Chair. A good programme was carried out, in' which Mrs. Higgs, Misses Atkins, Webber, and Topham, Messrs. Temby, J. E. and J. T. Topham, and Gr. Webber, and Masters E. Pascoe and Oily Senior, and the band choir, took part, THE death of the "Soudan donkey," which has been a tenant in the Sydney Zoo for the last 13 years, is reported. The donkey was brought back to Australia by the New South Wales contingent, and was jokingly referred to as the only asset for the colony's outlay of £350,000. Sir Henry Farkes said of him he waB not the only donkey that cost New South Wales £350,000. FROM the A.U.S. Navigation Company we have an up-to-date map of Australia, more I especially delineating the coast, and showing | coastal towns. lt ia isBued at the low -price of Gd. V " - ----- " ; WE have the "first number of a new monthly journal to be published in Adelaide, It bears the title of The ffijie, and as will be readily assumed it purposes to devote its attention to rifle-shooting and items of interest to riEemen and members of the defence force. The first number is oredit* ably got up and gives promise of taking a good stand among the magazines of the colonies devoted to special topics. It has a number of excellent illustrations. HEKB, WILLIAM PETERS, certificated piano maker and tuner, requests us to note that he will be at Mount Gambier to-day, having special business to transact. As his stay can be only for a few days those intend ing to avail themselves of his services are invited to leave orders for tuning, etc., at Mrs. Newman's Central Book Depot or Jens' Hotel* At the stud sheep sales in Sydney big prices are being realised. Mr. T. Gibson, Tasmania, obtained the reoord average of £175 178. 8d. for hia rams. Individual prices ran from 100 guineas up to 410 guineas. Mr. | E. T. Gibson got an average of £74 3s. Id. On Wednesday, in all, 360 rama were sold {or £10,521, and 80 ewes for £572. Mb. A. MORRIS'S bicycle was found at Myora on Wednesday uninjured, but the owner wants to known who played the trick on hitn, A SMART WITNESS.-Occasionally cross examining lawyers meet witnesses who are feir matobes for thenu Daring the hearing of the case Thomson and Wife v, Pasfleld on Thurday a witness named Isaac Freely was called to strengthen the defendant's case re garding the tracing of the tracks from where the stolen potato bags stood towards Thom son's house. Mr. Akhurst was persistently questioning him as to whether he could swear to the potatoes if he saw them. The witness said he oould not identify the tubers, but he could swear to the bags, which were branded, and that the potatoes were large ones, because he dug them and knew where they were plaoed. "How would you?" asked Mr. Akhurst,. "BeoauBe I dug them. Would you nob yourself, if you dug them ?" .11 don t know., said Mr. Akhurst. 1' Well, you would be a dunoeif you did not," re torted the witness, "They're not so plentiful this year." In. the laugh which followed Mr. Akhurst sat down and waited for the next witness. "FREW PARK BAZAAR.-A meeting of the Frew Park Committee was held a few days ago for the purpose of settling certain matters of detail connected to the bazaar which is to be held on behalf of the park funds during raoe week. Among other things several side shows were arrauged for, which cannot fail to make the sale attractive to many who might not otherwise be attracted by it. Madame Mora has kindly consented to give her assistance as a chiromantist on three or four eveningB, and a loud speaking phono graph will afford a new element of pleasure and interest to those who love the marvel ous. There will be several other side shows, such as a shooting gallery, wax works, &c.; A meeting of the ladies is to be held oa Tuesday afternoon to arrange mattero which come uuder their jurisdiction. WE have the forty-eighth annual report of the Adelaide Chamber of Commerce. This brings its history down to March 31, 1S9S. The pamphlet contains the usual complete summary of the doings of the commercial world for the period dealt with, aud this year it is made specially interesting by a large number of beautifully got up illustra tions which have been added. CHRIST CHUBCII ENTERTAINMENT. - Although the weather was forbidding on Wednesday evening there was a crowded audi-nee at the entertainment given in Christ church schoolroom. It was one of the monthly .winter entertainments in aid of the church funds, and was got up by Mrs. J. Johnson, who deserves to be compli mented upon her success. It opened with a concert. The overture was a brilliant piece of instrumentalism played by the Misses Tucker on the pianoforte. Then Mrs. Davison sang "The silver ring;" Dr. Johnson and Mr. W. J; H. Clark a duet, "Greeting;" Mrs. Frew "The flower of love," encored; and Mr. H. Chambers "The 'longshore man," and in response to a recall "The armourer." After an interval an extravaganza called "Princess Bright? eyes" was played by aaven ladies and gentlemen, The characters were-Quakein lunks, monarch of Happy Land, every inch of him a king in regard to circumference, but small-minded enough to be under hit) wife's thumb ; Rumbustious, the chamberlain, a creature of circum stance, without a will of his own j ! Prince Lolly pop, a #weet young 'dandy, 1 much attached to and beloved by the Priuce?8 Brighteyea; Spindle, a good little Mail With a Very large heart} Queen Stuck* Up, a jealoUa lady} Princess Brigbteyea, such a dear j and Tulipa, the Queen's wait ing maid. The characters were taken by Misses Iogleby, Lord, Roe, H. Tucker and .Hogg; and Dr, Johnson and Mr, T. A. Browu. It wa« very well played, and Mrs. Sampson is specially doisrving of praise for her excellent inetrutnentaliim during its progress, The entertainment was a very enjoyable one, The takings were about £5, TiiE MOUST GAMBIEE BUILDING SOCIETY. Telegrams were received on Thursday by Mr, flarrald, the liquidator of the Mount Gambier Building Society, and Mr. Spehr, solicitor for Mrs. Gerloff, intimating that as the Chief Justice was go jag on circuit next Week the hearing of the application for directions as to tho distribution of the assets among the shal'sholuers would be postponed from the Uth mat. to Monday, the 23tll. MOUNT Gambieh InsjWWUj - The July meetins; of the Mount Gambier Inatitute j trustees was held on Thursday evening, Messra. H. ^ Glover (Chairman), J, Alex ander, J. Wataoti, K. Leivig, ,J. V, Paia mountain, and A. Haig were present, An apology was made for the absence of Mr. Wilson. The Committee of the Agrieul. tttrai and Horticultural Society wrote, ask« ing for a reduction in the hire of the west' room for their meetings, and it was agreed that the charge for the west*room should iii future be 4a. per meeting, and for the chess* room 2s. 6d. Mr. A. Loutit-, the Chairman of the Chess Club, waited upon the trustees with the request that the old ohessmea and boards in the hands of tho Inatitute, and which originally belonged to the old chess club, should he eiiiiar loaned or given to the recently formed c!ttb.-~Affc«?r discussion the Comniivfcsi! agreed to hand over the oh&wmeu; on the uiidersthiitlitif| that Mr. Loutit bo t'eepousibla for tijqir oaw ssd return to the institute should'tho Uhega Ciub break up or fsiiQii.ld a club formed in conn^iipn with ' the" Institute. A- rebate of £1 Is. was allowed to the W.C.T.U. in the charge made for the use of the hall for their "recent meetings, the expenses being much greater than anticipated and the attendance at them small. Mr. Silvester wrote, asking for a return of the deposit; paid by him for the hall for an intended visit which he did not- make. The request was not entertained, but the Committee agreed that should the hall be taken at some future time by the same com pany the request would be considered. Mr. Wybert Reeve wrote. aDDlvinc for the use of the Hall during race week, and asking that £2 2a,, a deposit he paid last Septem ber for the Hall for an entertain ment which was not given, ahoald be considered in part payment of the hire on this occasion. The trustees could not re» fund the amount, bat resolved to inform Mr, Reeve that Bhould he require the hall at any future time the request will be further considered. Accounts to the amount of £7 7a. Id. were passed for payment, including Gaa Company £3 Us. 0d , G. Watson £115a. 6d., Lynch & Co. 15s. 4d., petty oaah lis. 3d., G. Young 9s., and Fidler and Webb 4s. 6d. A sum of £10 for books was placed at the disposal of the Library Committee. It was rosolved to make request that the police Bhould attend all meetings and entertain ments in the Hall for the purpose of enforoing order. A new ladder was ordered for use in the Library.1 AUCTION SALES.--Mr. J. Livingston was granted his auctioneer's licence at the Local Court on Thursday, and will hold his second sale to-day. He will offer 67 cattle, 123 sheep, a pair of buggy horses and a pair of ponies, and some pigs. Messrs. J. N. Goymour and Co. will offer, at the South Eastsrn Bazaar, Mr. R. Telfer's 7£ acres of first-class land near Moorak. ACCIDENT.-An accident befell Mr. W. G. Paanell on Thursday. Whilst driving some distance from town ho essayed to pasB a couple of bullocks lying on the road, when one of the animals . rising Buddenly caused the horse he was driving to bolt, with the result that the trap was capsized, and Mr. Paunell, clinging to the reius, was dragged some distance before the auimal got away. He had a finger broken, and sustained, beside?, a shaking and several bruises. The trap was badly damaged. 