SUNDAY AT ST. PATRICK'S- Special Mission Sermons- At the 11 o'clock Mass in tho above church on Sunday last a very large congregation was present.. The ser mon was preached by tho Rev. Father Hartigau, who took for his text, Feclosiasticu", v., S-9, " Delay not to bo converted to tho Lord, and put it not oil from day to day, for His wrath shall come ou n sudden, and in the titno of Ilia vengeanco lie may destroy you." In tho words of tho text he had just quoted, God iuvited them uot to delaj* thoir conversion, and not to delay turning away from their sins. Those who put off conversion from timo to time earned the wrath of God. 110 was sorry at tho outsot to havo n word of roproach for any one ; but if ho did not then speak tho truth, many present would bo displeased when the day of reckoning arrived. There hod boon people neglecting tho grace of God during tho mission," and, indeed, thero wore some who had not yet oven couio to the church. 110 was not speaking vaguily, but, if necessary, could givo names. Tho proachef"then cited tho case of a young man who refused to attend a mission which was boing given by himself and two other priests. This young man preferred to go clsowhorc, and to participate in pleasure, although earnestly exhorted to attend the mission. II hnppenod that as ho was about to step from a train on his return from a trip, ho fell dead into tho arms of a companion who was with him. This young fol low had recoived a call from God to attend tho mission, but he would not beed tho warning. Ho flattered him self that ho had a long lifo beforo him, and that thero would bo plenty of time for repentance, but his lifo was iv the hands of God. If he wero hero now, would he need any invitation ? On tho contrary, they may bo sure ho would malco tho mission better than anyoue. Another case occurred in Italy, whero the Fathers wero giving a mission. A young man in a public liouso was asked to como to tho mis sion, but, placing a glass of drink to his lips, ho retorted that that was his mission*. "While in the act of drinking it ho foil down dead—a victim to God's vengeance. Thcrcforo, the}' would sco what a fearful thing it was to defer, turning to God. The)'should not put it off in the hope that their lives would bo long, and that they would have time for repentance But he would, ask, was lifo long? If thoy took any period in the history of Singleton, aud marked the number of peoplo who had died over -10 years of age, and those who had died under that ago; they would find that the latter considerably outnumbered the former. So that it proved thero was no leaso of life for. aii3*one. God comes forth and strikes down both old and youngr Some of thoso present would, perhaps, be iii their graves beforo Wednesday, and others before nest Sunday. From, week to week was it not truo that death was amongst them ? 11a would ask them, had thoy during the past week recoived tho grace vouchsafed them by God ? They must kuow how God treated those who refused to listen to Him, becauso there are many examples in Holy Scripture He ad jured them not to trust in a death- bed conversion, for God had said : " AVatch and pray, and be always ready, becausa ye know not tho day nor tho hour." People in their youth wished to havo a freo aud easy life, and kept God waiting. And when their minds were diseased and feeble, they would throw tho dregs of old ago to God at tho closo of life. But it remained for God to accept or refuse. If tho peoplo did not now receive the grace of God and keep it, ho should say to them, " Woo to you, people of Singleton, for if thoso in tho back blocks of Australia had recoived the same privileges as thoso hero hays, they would have longago donepenance in sackcloth and ashes." The preacher then made a strong appeal to tho old aud young to load manly and honorable lives. They should makoa .'firm reso lution to avoid sin, and endeavour to keep it. There was no honorable lifo but that of virtue. He exhorted tho?o who had not yet made the mission to attend during tho ensuing week. Lot them accept the graco of God and walk worthily iv the right path. -If thoy did so, what a happy thing it would bo for themselves aud tho parish.- It would also bo gratifying to Father Hunt and himself, and to their own priests. Let them keep God's graco always iv their hearts, and try to save their souls, so that no oue would be missing around tho throne of Jesus Christ, and that all would bo ' thore to lovo and praise Christ in the kingdom of Hi? blessedness. ? In the evening thero must have boeu nearly 700 persons assembled in St. Patrick's, including several of other denominations, and, without doubt, tho cougrogatiou was the largest ever scon in that church. The sermon was preached by Father Hunt, who look for Ins text, 2 Timothy, aw, 7, " I have fought a good light, X havo liuished my "course, J havo kept the faith." These were amongst the last words of St. Paul, and told of a source of con solation at tho hour of death. Thoy, too, must die, aud God grant when the'time came they would, be able to truthfully repeat the words ot tho text. Aud it was of faith that ho would speak. It was a most impor tant aud iutoicsting subject, as it em bodied such diversity of opinion among Christians. What was faith, and w.-i* it neeeJsWf-y'for oalvatiuu. Faith was one, of lhii;.thive virtues. —faith, hope, aud charily. Faith 'was moHl neces sary, because wo could not acquire tho other two \vilhi)"ut"it."' They emilr) nut hope and lovo"God unles-s they be lieved in lliui. Fnith ua? a gratuitous "gift from God.AviTliuut atfy-'(ul-rifc on bur part. Therefore, we owed a debt 0l gratitudo to God, becuuso without faith wo could not bo saved. Faith was a spiritual light, which disposed tho heart to beliove what God wished to be believed, How can we know what God "wishes us to beliove ? It was not by'reading or writing, because thero aro some not endowed with education.- Was it not by tho Holy Bible?, No, it was not. And hence in the Catholic Church tho Biblo was not the rule-and standard of faith. God said, " Go aud proash the. gospel to all creatures, and teach thoin to observo all whatsoovor I havo com tnivnded." AYe are to learn then what wo boliovo by hoaring the word of God preached to tls by those Whom Ho has The speaker might ask another question, and. perhaps, more important still. AVhat church are we to hoar, listen "to, and obey ? There aro at tho present daj a "great many differont churches iv the world. Their reason told thorn that it was not right, thero should be so niauy churches, because they couh not all bo true. Thero was nothifci tnoro common at tho presem ? lay than tho old pernicious maxiu that " ono church is as good as another, and that we aro all going to tho samo place." If faith b* ono, as it must be, two persons could not differ on the point. Thorefore, ii made a great difference to what church we belonged. Bringing boforo thou the words of Je6us Clirit-t and tin Church, ho showed the evil of the pernicious maxim. Christ had said, " Other shoop I havo not of this fold : then all 1 must bring back, and the--, shall hear my voice, and thero shall be one fold and one shepherd." Many of the churches believo there is but one God ; but the Bible said there iV "Ono God, ono faith, ono baptism." Ho had not yet stated which church possossed the true faith, but. was show, ing them the" pernicious evil of *>?? tnanj* churches professing to each havo the true faith. But what church was tho true one ? They had many it Singloton, and they all claimed to he true. Catholics would not admit these churches wore all right, as common reason told them they could not differ and be right, and consequently (.'atho lies were said to lie bigotted. But it was an impossibility for two religions to differ and both be true. AVhieh was the true church, then? Tho Holy Roman Catholic Church was the only true one. Thero were reasons in theological books which fully explained the fact, but he would give them plainer reasons, so that everyom would believe his assertion. The*, believed it was tho true church, because it, aud it alone, teaches not only somo hut all tho truths of Jesus Christ. The true church must tench all and not some, as many so-called churches do. Ho would grant, how over, that tho latter did a lot of good. Catholics, whilo thoy believo in their own church, did not condemn others There were many excellent peoph outside tho Catholic Church who, per haps, livo better lives than many nf tho ; true,-.'church',' and yet they wore .not' right. Ho had some dear" oucs. himself outsido tin church, and ho hoped they would be saved ; but'they would not bo saved because they .wero non Catholics. I' they found among tho many churciiet oue that tenches all truths, and not some, that must bo tho true one. And without hesitation, and fear of con tradition, ho would say tho Catholic Church taught truths taught by Christ and also tho Bible. Therefore, sin must be true. He would prove that by the sacraments of Baptism, Con fession, and the Holy Eucharist. Tho other churches taught baptism, but they did not teach confession or com munion correctly. It was a strange thing that thero wero others who believe in Christ and yet reject baptism. Ho would sny that any. church which did not believo in baptism could uot bo true. The preacher then B.iid that confession was necessary in order to obtain for giveness for sins committed after baptism. Tho Ritualists and High Church people were going iv for the sacrament, but if askod was it absolutely necessary thoy would say no. There was one church which practised it since it was established by Jesus' Christ, and that was the Catholic Church. He gavo various quotations from the Bible iv support of the necessity for. confession. Christ said to IDs Apostles, " lteeeive -ye the Hoiy Ghost, whose sins ye shall for give are forgivon them, and whose sins yo shall retain.aro retained." If there were peoplo who did not believe in it, and, laughed at it, they_ ?'lid'not belong to the true church. In the holy communion, if wo find only oi'io church teaching what Christ taught she" must be right. Bid He say that tho holy communion .was to bo merely ? bread and wino in com lucmoraLian of Him? No, .Ho did, not. Christ said, " Tho bread that I ?give to yon is ray flesh for tho life of the world." Another important text ol tho Holy Bihle was that those who rec-eivo tho holy communion un worthily eat and drink to their own judgment and condemnation. And if, 'tis those outsido the church said, the communion was mero bread and wine, huw could thoy drink to their own judgment and condemnation. Another proof, and a very simple one, that tho Catholic Church was tho true one, was its age. Tho true church most be of a certain age. It was nearly 1000 years since Christ roundel the church on earth. Other churches had sprung up after the death of Christ, hut how could they bo true. The Holy Catho lic Church existed since the days of the Apuxtles, '-nd in proof of this any history w.-uhl show that thoro has been an unbroken lino" o' liopes since tho .lavs <>i St. Peter—the first visible head o"l the church. There is only ono on earth tn-clnv who claims to ho tho Hin-eesHiir tit St. Pct-r, and ho is Loo X-HI -And H until V-hc itL.l!'? shepherd 01 t..-rlny. The church :htit he governs ia tho oue fold, aud ho is tho one shepherd of the church of Jesus Christ. Tho preacher then said that whilo they thanked God thoy were in the true fold thoy should keep the faith. If they had committed i-in at any time their faith was dead. Aud God has said nothing defiled can enter the kingdom of Heaven. He then ad jured them to-.part from sin, and so Iteop" the. faith.' Ho spoke of tho dangers of mixed marriages, and the great evil? thoy Jiave wrought. In conclusion, ho truHtod that on tho L.st ?lay -.they would Btaud side by side with tho glorious apostlo St. Paul, and tho patron of their church, St. Patrick, on the right hand side of God, and that .'they would hear tho words, ?'Well done, thou good and faithful Mervunt; because thou bust been care ful over a few things I will place thee over many things; enter thou into tho joy of the Lord." 