BOB: A TALE OF ADVENTURE IN WEST AUSTRALIA. [By Timon.] [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter X.— In the Lion's Jaws. We could never remember how wa got into our saddles. We only know that in less time than it takes me to relate the fact we were on horseback, fleeing from our pur suers. How had they managed to come up with us so easily? The mystery was soon solved. Looking back across the sand plain to the forest we had lately traversed I saw that we had blundered. Confused by the density of the timber we had gone round and round in a circle and instead o£ finding ourselves several miles beyond the pine ridge we had left on the previous night ; there it actually was stioking up right in front of us. We had just ridden straight back into the jaws of the troopers. How I cursed my ill-luck, or rather my want of skill as a bush man. Owing to my incapacity to fulfill the task I had undertaken, Bob's plau was doomed to failure. ' She was pale as death, though she sat her horse resolutely, urging it on to greater speed. But the pace waa beginning to tell on out weary steeds. The others were gaining ground every moment. , A bullet which came whizzing perilously1' near Bob's head ' decided me to surrender. I \ laid my hand upon her bridle. 'The game's up,' I said. VForgive me— if you cau.' 'I have nothing to forgive,' she said with look of kindness that went to my heart. ' We are both rowing in the same boat.' I beat down- and kissed the little brown nervous hand clutching the bridle rein. I could make no other answer. My poor heart was too full for words. To think that I should have brought her to this paBS by my own egregious folly and that she should find no word of blame proved the rare mag nanimity of herixature. The troopers rode up, their faces streaming with perspiration, their horses flecked with foam, and ordered us to bail up. I ihink'they expected some show of resistance, but I knew that any attempt to set our strength 'against theirs must end in failure. What could .we do, against' four heavy armed men? : I dared not look at Bob as they hand cuffed us and tied UBto»trees facing opposite directions, so that we could not communicate , by sign or Speech. Then they hobbled the horses and Vung themseKer &Jwn; to sleep during th-~Jiatt-j)f the 'flay. ' l^Bver^sha^-lp forgeVi^ misery of that hour, rcpuld neither, iie not j sit do we, anu my; jjnagmatiori pictured Bob half swooning with fatigue and forced to keep upright by the cruel ligature eating into her flesli. I called out to the fellow sleeping at my feet and implored him to loosen the cord, but he was sleeping the Bleep of the just — or of the victorious— and paid no heed to my complaint. ' To add to my misery, the mosquitos, taking advantage of the Bhade, came swarming around me, biting and stinging in a truly maddening fashion. My hands being manacled I could not bruah.tbem away, so that I ran 'a chance of being eaten alive by these poisonous little beasts. My whole frame became a qui ver of siokening, shud dering pain, for owing to some local cause the bites were charged with venom, and I felt the poison creep from head to foot. And if I suffered in this way, how did it fare with Bob? I groaned in epirit aB I thought of this delicate woman being exposed to the hardships that ' mad me, a Btrong man, quail I would have given worlds for one glimpse at ber beloved fuce. I tried to arouse her attention by utter- * ing short coughs, and I waited anxiously for an answer to my signals ; but none came. Was she too ill or were we placed at too great a distance for the sounds to penetrate to her? These were the questions I asked myself as I watched the BUnbeauis beginning to slant across the branches, knowing that our gaolers would soon be on the move. The fellow at my feet rolled over, grunted, stretched himself, consulted his watch, got up, and proceeded to awaken his comrades. The horses were brought up and saddled, add then attention wrs paid to the prisoners. The sense of ease produced by untying the cord that bound me to the tree was so delicious that I hardly regretted my' previous suffering. The first use I made of my liberty was, to look around for Bob. A trooper was leading her forward, his rude hand clutching her arm. Her face was very pale and her eyelids red and swollen with mosquito bites. Bub she looked .composed and her dear lips parted in a sweet smile as our eyes met. That glance gave me strength. It was like a draught jttf.'tijuie. 'I- took courage from that moment. Ifc's|emed to me that with such an indomitable spirit by my side we were bound to yiw.'. .'But I was not permitted to go ou drinking inspiration from her face. I was set 6n horseback— a trooper on each side of me —and Bob, similarly guarded, well behind. I was forced to derive what consolation I could from the sound of her horse's hoofs, and she from the contemplation of my back. 'Twas sorry comfort' 5 ' « I was glad to find myself on horseback. Anything was better than being tied to that horrible tree, . and the mosquitos were less active now that. I was pasing rapidly through the air. ' Where are you taking us ?' I a3ked. ' Never you mind,' respended the trooper surlily. ' You are bound to answer ray question,' I returned, with as much dignity as I could muster. 'I am not proved guilty yet.' This waa pretty good on the part of a criminal caught red-handed. But the effect of cheek is often surprising. The trooper considered a few minutes before replying, 'To Laroo.' This was good news. I breathed freely. Had it been to the flat we should have run a near chance of tasting a sample of lynch law. The sun was sinking when we emerged from the forest and found ourselves out on a vast sandy tableland. As we rode on great areas of depression in which are situated immense salt clay pans were revealed. These were surrounded by low broken ranges' of granite and crystal rock. Here for the first time we struck ft good natural road, over which we rattled at fine speed till we reached the out skirts of another forest. The outposts of civilisation were here— a timber station and a 'diggers1 rest.' TBe- troopers dismounted, ordered us to do the same, thm-out horses were led away. We were taken into the shanty, where a knot of typical bushmen were drink ing and smoking. . biipper; was set before us, our handeufifi., ivere taken off, and a trooper standing over us .^(rith a.Joaded revolver we ate our evening meal ; Then' securely manacled we were led into ah inner room and ordered to lie down on the floor.' One of the men remained with us-rthe others returned to finish their supper. Bob cast at me a look of utter despair. Escape seemed impossible. Chapter XL— A Ghog Shantt. Anv communication was rendered impos sible by the fact that a trooper was mounting guard over us. At first I was not sorry, for, indeed, I had nothing inspiriting to say. Escape seemed out of the question. There we were tripped like tat« in a cage. What the end of it all would be I dared not stop to think There was not a chink of light visible through the HarkneBS— no ray of. hope to illuminate the future. Overwhelmed by the tragic nature of our position I felt in no mood for conversation. But gradually the longing to know how Bob was feeling, over powered all other considerations. I resolved to run the rislc of incurring the trooper's displea sure and speak to her at all hazards. ' Bob, are you asjeepfl asked. ' No talking, ' said the trooper gruffly. ' No ; I don't think I shall sleep at all, 'she answered promptly. '.''??- 'I aaid no talking/^ the man put in savagely. Then , to iny Horror he gave Bob a kick. After thifs ; 'SJsJarftiWe I did not at tempt any more conversation, but some how her utterance, had revived my fainting courage. . It sounded so resolute and brave. I took it to mean that she would be on the alert— ready to avail herself of the first chance of escape. But, ah me! time wore on and not a ghost of a chance presented itself. I could hear by the sounds proceed ing from the drinking~bar tbat_ the three troopers were joining in the convivial merri ment of the place. If only our gaoler would go out and join them. But no, there he »a& —alert, conscientious, wide awake, and pain fully sober. It was intensely aggravating to realise that Bob might be evolving tome splendid plan which the trooper's presence prevented her imparting to me. As is frequently the case, the sounds of drunken merriment were soon -followed by sounds of anger. I could make out that the men were quarrelling over cards and that some of the troopers were mixed up 'in, the affair. Blows were interchanged, oaths , flew from lip to lip, chairs and tables were.; upset, glasses were' smashed, arifl the quarrel j ended in a free fight «H rpunji. Our gaoler fidgeted'about, opened the door, looked out, then came back, and sat down, again. I heard Boh jriye a little iigpatient sigh. We waited in silence, the noise in jfchie, bar waiinff' faster and more furious every moment, iill at last a heavy fall, followed .by a Woman's soream, decided our trooper to inter vene.' He went off abruptly, locking the door behind hiin..!. ~' . . ?- 'Now, everything depends on whether he has left the key in the^lock,' Baid Bob in ? stage whiBper.. *.. ?...'.;.! . -. I crawl^^.fhe^dor and lpoked through the ? ' YeJf^Kl.vtpu.t I don't see how it can '^e muBt^ftt;jJooieoBe to open the doqr for us,' Bob said owmly. . ? r ., -?-?:, 'That's easier said than done,' I replied. 'Think a moment Someone has been hurl) —stabbed probably— and you are a doctor. \- '.Well, if the trooper djd let me go to bis relief he'd mount guard over me all the Aune^-;, And he'd |iur» %Utfly -jon you; So -be» ;wou|a; be riotning gained^' . ?' ? '?:?? .;. .,;.-? ?:. : .V:-- ' ;' «£??.? '. '3'm , »ot tHinjri ng-of the tijrooper fc$ all. *i . heiira a woman'o*y;flut^ae^he iaw[feUrrr probably his wife. We must get her to open the door.' 'She may not know her way about. I think she. must be the wife of the shanty keeper. If so we couldn't have a better ally. 'I believe you are right, Bob,' I. said admiringly. 'There were no women in the bar when we passed through. If we can make her hear us she may be induced to open the door. But it is a desperate game.' 'Desperate conditions demand desperate measureB,' Bhe returned. I fancied there was a slight toucli of scorn in her voice. ' I am not afraid of danger for myself, i said- a little hotly. 'I am thinking of you ? ' 'Pray don't, it will only hamper your action,' she said earnestly. ' ' Think ol succeed ing— and nothing else.' t Oh ! What a brave heart was here. .1 could have knelt to kiss the hem of her garment, which at thiB moment happened to be a pair of tweed trousers. But there was no time for sentiment. ' Hark I What is that ?' she asked sud denly.' I listened. ' They are carrying the wounded man to another room. 1 can hear the woman crying still ...' I listened again. ' Our gaoler seems taking the whole affair in hand. I fancy the others are too fuddled to be of much use. We shan't be the only prisoners convoyed to the township to morrow.-' ' I don't believe we shall be conveyed there at all,' responded Bob cheerily. What a spirit she had, to be sure. For her, the faintest ray of hope served as an illumination. I confess that I was less sanguine. The door of our room opened straight upon the bar. How were we to get out without detection ? One thing, however, seemed certain — that our gaoler was not coming back. We had got rid of him, at any rate. I could make out from scraps of talk that came through the thin partition — for our prison houee was all of wood — that the men who had taken part in the drunken fray were Becurely manacled and that the troopers were mounting guard over them. If only they would fall asleep — and if 6omeone would open the door — all might yet be well. But these were two very doubtful 'ifs.' As the night advanced I heard portentous snores proceed from the other room. Some of them were sound asleep evidently, but who could tell me if one at least were not wide awake and on the lookout for an attempt to escape. In the inner chamber all was still as death. Perhaps the man vraa really dead. If so, a doctor would not be required, and our one hope of deliverance was scattered to the winds. I was beginning to despair when I heard a step pass out of the back door and move along the verandah. We heard water trickle and then the step passed back again, and we heard a long sobbing sigh. Bob had clambered up to the window — a small aperture about a foot square— in a moment. 'Hist!' she said softly. We heard a short exclamation of surprise. 'Would you like to see a doctor? — is the man seriously hurt '{' 'He's dying, I think,' came the answer, broken with sobs. 'There ain't no doctor for miles arouud. I'd give my life to see one, I would. ' ' You can Bee a doctor now, if you like,' Bob said impressively. ' How ?' asked the voice eagerly. ' Promise to do just as I tell you and he will come,' Bob replied. 'I promise,' the voice said. Chapter XII. —Only Sall. 'In the first place,' began Bob, 'bring a sharp file and one of your shawls and a skirt of some kind and pass them through the win dow. Next, go into the bar and move about a little, jingling the glasses and things. Seize an opportunity in passing this door to unlock it. Then, when you are sure they are all asleep, or, all at all events that their heads are turned away, give this signal (Bob gave a low cough), and the doctor will come out of the door. You must disappear and ho will step into your place. 3Now, mind, if you fail in one particu lar, our plan will be spoiled and the mau will die. One thing more, is there a light out there?' 'Yes.' 'Place it so that the light does not fall in this direction. Remember the file. Now, go.' The step moved ou. Bob turned to me — ' Are you willing to take the risk '!' 'Don't you know that I am willing to die for you?' lfreplied Imksily. The light was very dim or 1 could have sworn I saw a tear-drop tremble on her lashes. The 9tep returned. A bundle was squeezed through the window. It contained my dis guise accompanied by a file. I wanted to begin upon Bob, but she would not hear of it. Seizing the implement she jaade short work of my handcuffs. I performed fhe same office by her. It was lovely to feel free ! 'Take off your coat and waistcoat and put the skirt over your head. There, I've fastened it round your waist with a pin. Nov.' wrap the shawi across your hair and let it fall as muoh as possible over your face. There — that's very good. You might pass for an old woman any day.' It was not precisely a compliment, but on the present occasion 1 felt decidedly flattered. Bob's uext care was to arrange my coat, waist coat, and blanket artfully on the floor,. so that should the trooper look in he would be satisfied his two prisoners were safe. 'You must lock me in,' Bob whispered. ' Why ? It will increase the difficulty.' 'But just think what would happen if the trooper tried the door during your absonce. He would give the alarm at ouce. My reason told me her argument was just, and I con- I sented to turn the key upon her. But I did so with a heavy heart. How was I to unlock it again ? 'Never mind that,' said Bob impressively. ' One thing at a time. The question now before us is how to get you out. My little affair will come on later.' Meanwhile the woman, in obedience to Bob's instructions, was passing in and out of the bar, clinking glasses and creating a little stir. Her movements aroused some of the sleepers, who turned round with a muttered curse on their lips. Then, seeing that it was 'only Sail,' they sank back to Bleep again. We heard the key turned cautiously in the lock, but it was long before the signal was (riven. At last a low, (.dry cough smote on my ear. I opened the door sharply and crept out. If the hinges had creaked it would have been all up with us, but they didn't. Turning my back to the crowd so -that if one wakeful head had been raised only my shaWl-sboulders would have been visible behind thejrude counter, I turned the key, in the loot ? ;^i&» I walked slowly towards the bedchamber, pausing every now and then to touch a glass or bottle— doing everything, in fact, to preserve an air of calm indifference; but all the time my heart was thumping to suffocation. Sail's anxiety fully equalled my own. She stood back in the shadow of the room beckoning me on with nervous, agitated fingers. My Blow move ments did not satisfy 'her, but I was deter mined to run no unnecessary risk. Once within the djJdrffay she clutched my band and fairly dragged me' to the bedside. 'Can you Bave him f' sW'gasped out 'I will do my beat,' I replied ? and then I set to work to discover the nature of the injury the man bad sustained. ' a X soon found that all the patient wanted 'was a little BkilL A small Karterjr';: had ' l&en; severed and he was r 'plowly bleeding' to death; But it would bo an easy matter to set that right. Never shall I forget the look of rapture on the woman's face when I told her this. It vexed me to have to bargain with her at Buch a moment but experience had shown ' me that gratitude to the doctor soon disappears when once the cure is effected. 'Take your fee while the man is sick,' said wise Horace, and human nature does not appear to have changed since his day. ' If I cure him, will you do What I ask ?' I said, looking her lull ill the face. '' Anything.' * ' TJien leave him here with me and go and get out our horses. Lead them toaaafe distance and tie them up. Then take these things' (tearing off the petticoat and shawl) 'and give through the window to the boy. Go back to the bar, and when I make a sign let him out and help him here to me. This window is big enough for us to get through.' 'You won't ... go ... till my man is safe ?' the woman asked breathlessly. ' No ; I promise you I won't. It is not a long job anyhow.' She disappeared, and I was left with my patient. I need not weary and disgust my readers with medical details. Let it suffice them to know that the operation was successfully performed, and that when Sall, by means of an agonised little clinking of glasses, made me aware of her return I was able to telegraph to her the word 'Safe.' I had opened the window softly and was just going to make the promised sign when, to my horror, I saw our gaoler stirring. He rose, stretched himself, and made straight for Bob's room, unlocked the door, and looked in. Bob at this moment executed a particularly un musical snore. This, and the natural appear ance presented by my coat, waistcoat, and blanket, appeared to satisfy him completely, and, returning to the bar-room, he settled him self once more to sleep. Sail kept on signal ling to me that all was safe, but my nerves were so shaken by the incident recorded above that courage failed me to give the preconcerted sign. At last I mustered the necessary reso lution and Sail unlocked the door. She was by my side in aa iustant and we waited one long terrible moment — an eternity of suspense — till Bob slid out and, adopting my own tactics, made her way slowly across the room. Her presence of mind was so great that she remembered rny coat, waistcoat, and blanket, as well as our shoes, whith she carried across her arm. Her movements were absolutely noiseless. Not a head was stirred during her passage. I felt my heart swell with gratitude and J03-. 'Safe !' she whispered exultingly as Bhe stepped across the threshold. Then, 'forgetting her masculine role, she flung her arms around Sail's neck and kissed her. A moment later wq had crept through the window and were fleeing to the spot where our horses were tethered. (To he continued. ) 