FLOWERS - OFliTHE FOREST. On Wednesday -evening, December 7th,- the new cantata "The Flowers of the Forest," was-given in character by the "pupils, of the . Brighton,. State= School, in the Drillroom. ' Long before 7.30 'all. the seats, were taken up, and before: 8 o'clock standing room was unavailable. A t'8 p.m. the chil dren took their pla?es on the-plattorm. Mr G. H. Carter, the enthusiastic head teacher, came forward and announced to the audience that owing to the building being full "and numbers out side unable to get in, the performance would be repeated a day next week, to be duly advertised in the local papers,. Proceedings then' commenced .by a pianoforte solo by Miss Fagg, who accompanied throughout, after which followed the opening chorus, "Come, Let Us Be Blithe and Gay," by the company, effectively sung. A solo, in parts, by Masters A. Carter and, A. Bentley, "'Tom Tucker and I," was charmingly sung. The Hoop Drill, by some of the. pupils, with. hoops banded with gold, formed a unique and pretty performance. Solos and choruses-, followed until half-time, when. a letter:. of apology was read by Mr Carter for ;? the non- attendance of the Hon. A..:' Peacock,. who was engaged at the House. After the interval a chors?:' ' Welcome .one and all," by the conri pany, was followed by ?' Movemients by the Archers of Sherwood Forest" in. full costume and equipped with bows, who acquitted themselves very credit ably. " Bessie Bell and Mary Gray," the village beauties, was charmingly sung by'Miss Alico: Hedley and :Mis Eva Horwitz. At intervals the plat. form presented a very pretty appear. ance when banners ,f dilfferent shades with '-Flowers of the Forest" worked on them, and staffs topped with bunches of flowers, were waved to and fro by the children, had a very pretty effect. The grand spectacular prome. nude i deserving of special mention. " The Millers of the. Dee," by Mbasters Clive, McViersie, Verni Jefferson, P. Horne, B. Pamphilon and G. McKin. ley was an amusing part of the pro. gramme, looking very ghost-like in "I Care for Nobody, Not I." " Lady of' Banbury Cross," Miss Ethel Boyd, was also very effective. "Travellers and Watchmen," by a company of boys and girls, was also a pretty per-. formance, the whole being brought to a close by the grand spectacular promo nade and final chorus, " Pleasure that bringeth no sorrow," by the company. The singing of the National Anthem terminated a very enjoyable evening. We gave a description of the piece in a previous issue, and the present performance was well up to expecta-. tions. It has been decided to repeat this performance on Thursday evening next= the'proceeds to be devoted to providing filters for the schools, - See adve-. ti"mentir 