HAVE YOU NOTICED That the Queen hue entered her 80lh year That nt> morn tree* will fell under the axe of the Grand Old Man ? That the old game of " bail ap" has been restarted wiLli vigor in the Weal? That the Victorian ghost turns out to be a bird with a paper lantern tied to it ? That it has cjtne at last, end (be *Titer stuff are assiduously practising in private, so that " Sir Dangdou " will come out pat? That England is finding the curse of alien immigration press heavily and is taking steps for its prevention ? That the Produce Depot lias proved to be the most profitable and satisfactory method of dealing with the rabbit question ? That the friends and enemies of Federation are going for all they tire worth in beating up adherents at the last moment ? ,i; That at lust we are to have gas in our rail way carriages—that is in addition, to the gas one has to listen to in travelling to and fro ? That Bitike has got so horribly mixed over Federation that lie has mado up his mind to slay in bed all day on June 4 ? Th&t; the science of bike-ridjng is com prised in three words—straddle, paddle, skedaddle ? That the only lucky thing there is about a horse-shoe over the door is that rf, doesn't drop on your head ? That Merkius says he-does^ot, believe in that new road derivation, a«,by going on the other side of the hill the^'ie<jatd'get ft'moire gradual ingredient ? 7.' ^ ^ k That the war is going so slow that it is about time the dailies resuscitated tbose'1000 mules which they previously wore down to the hoofs ? That the heads of the Bail way Department came up to Mount Barker in a special train on Wednesday ? Was a test being made in connection with the long-awaited increased speed on the line? That during the dry season a bluckfellow in JSTew South Wales, the eolos of whose feet began to crack with the beat, bought e packet of boot-protectors and. hammered right or nine into the sole of each foot ? They stopped the weaf-and-tear tremendously, and now ho declares that no nigger should go unshod. 