RECENT : SEARCHES FOR TREASUii&-T$QVE. WBSTMIN-STKll nDDORT ' 2G-p'it NOVEMBEtl. That vory susplcious Atdry of the discovery of treasure wortli 30,000,()0(f dolr by-an- English man of war on Cocos Island Tominds mo (writes an occasional correspondohty -that during tlio pnst year or two there has grown up something that very closoly resembles ' a mania in the di rection of hunting for lost - treasure, 'file people who havo developed the crazo tlio most keenly are the Americans; but we our selves are not guiltless. Mr. Knight's trip to Trinidad Islet in search of the bullion and jawollory supposed to have been doposited there for safoty 'from tho sock of Lime in Peru ib now a matter of history. More recently wo have had on hand tho search for the treasure of the Lutinc, (which wont down in 179!) off the ooast of Holland with £1,200,000 in gold and , silvor bullion ; and shortly an English naval captain will lead an expedition to the Arabian and. Red .Seas .With tho intcntiou of pioking up, if lie may, "tlio untold '.gold loBt along that immemorial 'trade route from the days of tho Phcenicians to pur own. Tho cap tain confidently oxpoots with patience and assiduity to pick up, first in tlio shallow waters of tlio Arabian Sea and aftowvards in tho Rod Sea, wealth worth at the vory least £800,000,000. He has tlio writer's vory best wislies for complete success, A Long lalaml man is . (molding just now a curious submarine vessel, with which ho pro; poses to scour tho. floor of tho occan.in search of treasure. Tho veseel will be SO feet long. From a preliminary account of her we gathor that the surfaco buoyancy will be overoome by . means of heavy weights attached to long wire \- cables connected with drhms at either end of tho vessel. By tlio operationrof these drums the vessel will be drawn to tho bottom of tho sea. Running fore and aft are axfes.witli broad-tirod wheels, which are connected' with an eloetrio motor. " In this way;" we ore told, " the ship -will lie transformed into ;a vehicle " — a sort of -electric motorfor-'tho benafit-of the numerous mermuidu, ono may suppusou- It would be gs?- Jessto into further -details regarding the .eon.- 'struction of this peculiar slijp vehicle. Suffice it that the inventor bsJiovpsjin it, and lias con vinced himself, further, tliat -by its means lie. will become richer than the Vunderbilts in 12 months. He has a carefully prepared, list of treasure ships lost since t|ie days of Drake, and the latitudo and ; longitude of ' tho spots where tlioy arc supposed to rest bcneatli thewovos. He will .firsti make a boelino for L'Orient, which was sunk by Nelson at tlio battle of the Nile. She had ii largo amount of jewellery and plate and TfSOO.OOO in specie aboard. Then ho will look for the wreck of the Do Brank, lost off tho . Delaware in 1793, with a great amount of Spanisli specie and bullion. On his list is also the Golden Gato, sunk off Hntterna in the early fifties, - and simply filled with gold from California. Only a few .wooks ago wo heard of the organisation of two American expeditions— ono to recover the clicsts of Spanish doubloons said to liavo boon buried oil San -Miguel Island, off Santa Barbara, on tlAi Californiun coast, by the crow of n Spanish vessel wrecked in tliat neighborhood many years ago ; and the other to search' for 'pirate 'treasure hidden, on the Island of Grand Terra, 'Iii Barataria 'Bay, Louisiana, by one of tbo'ge.ntry who in the long ago made ' the WcBt . Indies their hunting ground, and who retired ,io the quiet caves which abound between the' Mosquito Coast and South Florida, when, the)' desired a rcBt or pursuers became importunSl This last expedi tion wns associated with' the pirate Jean La- fittc, who is supposed to have secreted some where about the coast, onougli wealth to buy up London. This man's name is a synonym' for piracy among the 500,000-. people who inhabit thoBd parts. Just ask tlicm, und they will call their grandfathers to tell' you enough grisly tales about liim to fill a book. There is Hot one . of the thousand low, fiat islands along the Gulf coast from Pcnsacolu clear around to tho Point of Yucatan, not a bayou, creek, hay, lagoon or crooked waterway in ail that country but has its dark talcs of Lafitto and liis hidden treasures. Ho is ' their greatest hero.- His father wuh a Frenchman who emigrated to the "West Indies, where ho had possessions. But a negro revolution drovo tlio family to. New Orleans, where the Bon' took to smuggling. Then occurred the . revolt against Spain. A republic was proclaimed in Mexico, and its adherents were engaged in a bitter ..savage struggle with the Spanish Viceroy. The Revo-: lutionary Government was represented in Now' Orleans by a commissioner, Don J oab Manuel Horrera. From Herrcra Lafitto - ob tained .the appointment of Governor of Texas, under the Revoliitionafy'Government of Mexico, procured a number of vessels, and harried tho Spaniards nominally as the servant of the new Republic, but actually on his own account. It is beyond question that he did not confine liis attentions to". Spanish Bhips', but attacked all merchantmen that camo in liis way. In his time lie committed enormous havoc, and must liavo appropriated enormous treasure. "NV hat did lie do with this treasure ? That iB just what American speculators would like to know. Ab we have hinted, almost every likely and unlikely spot along the Gulf Coast lias boon tapjiod for this recalcitrant treasure. The last carried through — that is, apart from tho one to Grand Terra — was in August last year, when there appeared off Matagorda Island a mys terious schooner mauned. by. half a dozen mysterious men, who landed on the island, spent a few days there, and then left in their schooner as mysteriously hi tliey Came, leaving' behind them in tho eanu 'if'tiquare bole 0 feet wide and 6 feet deep, -as though they had dug up something and carried it away. From this every nativo know there - hu<l boen another search for Jean Lafittc's buried treasure. The Bmall island of Chenicre Comirada, a.ifew miles south of Biloxi (Miss.), was perhaps the favorite resort of Lafitte. Ho had a house there, and tho frame of the." Lafitte cottage" is still to be seen, built almost upun the water's edge. A path leads through the garden to tho bench, upon which a gate opened amid a cluster of water oaks. It seems vory strange that some fortune hunter docs not dig under the old weather beaten building for treasure. Perhaps the story that ghosts of men dangling from ropes and of men in the act of walking blind folded into tho sea from a vessel are seen nightly at this dreary spot prevents the search. Digging, however, continues at intorvals on other portions of tho island, anil at Biloxi, where the pirates frequently came. A hint from any very old. negro, will sot a lot of gold hunters to work vigorously. Just about the time When tho treasure- liuntors were at Matagorda, another party was searching in the neighborhood of the Delaware .Capes for the £5,000,000 in""Spamsh gold said .to have gone down in that neighborhood in the privateer Do Braak, already alluded to. This was the fourth attempt after the same treasure, and it need scarcely bo said it. was not found. It muBt be an impossible. task to locate a wreak in the shifting sands that lie off those Capes, A little earlier in the your an expedition was ' fitted out' at New York to!'search for tho trea- .siire— estimated at £5,000,000 sterling — whioh undoubtedly wont down with an English man of war.about the time of the revolutionary outbreak on Hell Gate in Long Iidand' Sound. This also was unsuccessful. The Uuited'States from the Delaware southward is supposed to have, been fancied ns:- a treasure burial . ground 'by Bhio Beard and tho - other men who formed the earlier generation of piratel. h There-is probably : not an acre of ground south of the Cape that- has not been dug on for'sufikon treasure. Wo never heard of more tlmii -one authentic find. .About 70 years ago an American schooner wont ' ashore somewhere north of Siuepuxint Inlet, and going along, the beach the' captain found -the end of a chest sticking ojlt-of - the sand. He took :it aboard, anil getting safely away, went to Boston. The chest contained o 'quantity of gold and silver plate, jewelled' arms and some money, supposed to have belonged to Brndieh Ten, Kidd's first mate, who escaped when tho captain was taken. Thelevidcnce, however, on whioh tho ownership is ascribed to Ten seems very inconclusive. ' ' 1 No fewer than throe joyorsl searches were made last year for tlio trtasufd'hidden some where on Mague Island, ill the Gulf of Florido, by an old miserly ex-miner ' named Nicholson. It was at first thought, wo are told, that Nicholson had jimt enougli rnoney to keep tho wolf from his door. But one (lay a visitor Hurt prised him aB ho was bending over a shilling heap of gold. Tliore were ten and twentv dollar pieces enougli to fill the rudo table oh which they were piled, besides many "slugs," an octagonal shaped pieoe of Califor- nian gold at ono time in circula tion on tho coast . and valued at 50 dollars. Shortly afterwards Nicholson died suddenly. He had no relations, had made no will, and seemingly had left nothing valuable behind him. But what about that table full of gold ? The fortune liuntors rushed in by the dozen ; searched everywhere about the hut and its vicinity ; turned up every sod in the garden,' and even ploughed tlio sands of the shore all round the island. Ono of the men who last year endeavored to looato tlio bullion took a divining rod with him. Ho was aB successful as liiB predecessors. 