A DOCTOR'S TOGY. 'We were. three friends "ee conmfrt. a '.bly domiciled In a single 'il of rooms on B-- street, in near vin . to the L-- Medical College. whic -e at \- tended. One of us was HIallander gentle manly, handsonme ounth, of tender a nature for a doct. r, we tho !t but a very accomplishat? fellow-n to studies. nevertheless. The second 'if our tilt' wt thick tongued, red-f acyli Russina l. ose flerce eyes, shaded ".b: long aInhes. g, e an impression o f elil always dl ied when his white t.eeth and gootd ue were revealed It- a very pleasitti tile. He: "'as rema rka.bly arduous r. s pursuit1 or k]nowi dg.e, and sometie scrupled -not to t ,iesrt to questioia' mtean? . whlch r P ir betrayed to us by is muddy ? o.oots rn clothing when .li r' apieaed after E .L - ons oslt. ee, e verted t5 ..ASt0 "es tloned. . o" j mor mryself, let ufit nufice't as that Slth ~gth m'y fortune was nl .e my her l?t was" li?ht, anit ignorant of any ,--" ,er care than Lla prepata l r to to iArrown's reeltatlons. While tlslnder 't as sttdynsg, and the Rtussia experi rmenting, I am afraid I was ' often found perusing some light I1 a-tale or thrnmmlng my guitar. My I l spirit 'ras as deafrto IHollander's fri ndly al netmnitions as to the Russian's unts of scornful dirapprobatlon. But the tranquil tenor of m Ife was •a.mbruptly terminated by a dist bing in \- luence I had never antlcipate I. when \--one fine afternoon I fellin love with Es -telle -Grayton. To end the tale of my enthr ment in -the fewest words, I availed yself of 'many opportunities for mee .the fair Estelle, and in no long tin t nflu -once of a passionate, abidl attach 5ment infiltrated my entire ng, and 'was not; I felt assured, unrec rocated. I was little disturbed by my friend .follander's good-natured rail!ery, but I .'elt so sharply nettled under the. Rus \- slan's coarse banter, that I would often retort in the bitterest terms, and appear so distressed that the twinkle In FHal lander's eyes gave place to a look of sympathy and reproof, by which the Russian was awed into silence. At this juncture of my affairs I re turnedone e? ening'from my accustomed vIsIt in a most forlorn and wretched . mood. Estelle was ill. I could learn itothing more from the servant than that she was delirious; and, though tor nented by annlnsatlable thirst, she suf tered the severest spasms at the'mere -lght of water. .I stood for an hour or m·aor watching the shadow?s w.hlch Stcssed across the curtains of her, cham ber window, like clouds across:: the bright firmament of my happiness., The next evening I learned that" she brad been taken away for more, skilful treatment of a disorder which threatened her life; whlther, the. ser vant, who was our sole confidant, was 'ancertaln, and apparently without -any good reason for'her belief that it'was to rlrance. I was Inconsolable and- fret fthry Intolerant of the kindly efforts of . my two friends to Interest me in now researches and experiments.: The lec -ture-rom, the dissecting-room; the bos \- pitals, even the theatre, presented 'no a- llurement of my grief-stricken spirit. I wandered the streets during the day time, and at night 'I haunted lhe home of my beloved one, hungering for the melret scraps of news concerning her. I suppose tI showed so severe effects of nmy anxiety in my pale face and sunken eyes that I really alarmed my friend, lHollander, hlto finally insisted upon a change of scente and air, and accom *panled me to a quiet watering-place near l--, where we remained a week. A lover's solicitude for his sick mistress is not to be cured by sulphur baths and draughts of brackish mineral wateriand and It was with this convictlio that Svwe returned to our lodgings -In 'B- street at the end of the aforesaid timte. -.__Wefound our friend, the fRussian;'in nothing umore "Intereslter tTl 't"twn analysis of a mad dog's brain. ?'othing 'vas wanting to complete his happiness, he ald ,but a humanl brain similarly affected with which to compare the canine's. Hollander became immediate ly interested in this experiment;? which pronmised novel discoveries and develop -nents. They vainly sought to lriterest me In their theories. 'What was t mad ldog's brain to tme? 'Iy own i's mad enough. - Fired with youthful. ardor, a;dd the true student's yearning: for-aiIdeeper 'nnderstanding of a puzzling;proposltlon, any friends searched the vward .Of seve "al of:the large city hospltalsand re . turned on the evening of theollowfing day elated by several discoaor'ai,. The \- cases represented the differ?n"phases "anl1 stages of the disease, butithelr inte rest la chiefly In a single case. in the Q- -Hospital. ?ethr patient .was a beautiful young girl, they told me,whose young life must soon succumb. to the dreadful malady. The Russian's only sorrow arose from the fact:that her friends would probably never permit her beautiful person to lie upon the dissect Ing-table. If she were only. ugly, or frlendless, or old, what great benefits would accrue to science fro? helr mis fortune. ., On the morning after the funeral of -the unhappy girl, Hollander:ao artfully united the Interests of the fair patient and her malady that I becaine deeply attentive to his elucidation of.his theory of the disease, Ile dwelt so. long upon ithe: special importance of.$'leet com -porlson between the humamsiand -the eanlne blrain in the etudy-of? the dis itemper, that I soon pereelvd him to aver becoine famlltarlsed.wlth the idea of a. certain hazarhous.- hileoprsly repul. .slve project, which the .Russian had,. ' doubtless, proposed to him;long before. He ended his discourse with- a direct proposasl of the venture, foc.?hich I was not unprepared. His strong influence I ever me, the stronger because hitherto anly exerted for my good, together with a wild notion of sport, and a mad desire : to forget for a time the pain In my I heart, availled to win me to partake In the venture - It was left to the Russian to make all I ieedful preparations,- an .at midnlght we set forth fully equipped for the work I before us. We threaded -a wearisome niaxe of deserted, echoing streets, and I near the end ol half an hour, approach- I ed a little chapel, which stood before a gloomy, silent churchyard. Already I htad more than once repented of my rash I xsparticipation in the affaIr, and would mow have abandoned It hatE I not feared ¢he Rtlssian's taunts and Hollander'so ?sentemipt. Thle former now lighted a fhnters, and I \-- led the way from the street through a gate Into the churchyard, and along a I i"ath between the graces. After a longt s?e?rch he paused beside a moaund of I *i.esh-turned earth, and pointeti to a 1 wreath which his own h&ds; had laid j-ad?n, t a. a mOark ofA?t' tity S.This I?the _hgrave,'-"h? ".Wait "" e disappeared 't-i-l asr aa'mstt theroe in thoroughly - .ttt but osomewhat consolatory?.'timpani ,, '1 drew near to Hollander; and gaz,< learfully about me In the gloom. Th e sleep shades seemed to mask all familiar' shapes in ghostly covers. Old tomb stones, blackened and stained by many years' exposure, and overgrown with moss, peered out from dark retreats, or, seeming weary with long standing, sought to !ncllnt them~slves to restful ht attitudes. For a moment the moon i broke through a cloud,.altd the dancing, i1 qalvering shadows beneath my feet ap peared the phantoms of that life with which the fertile grove.ln the daytime G Smust have teened. After a few moments thle Rtmlsan rI1- 1 appeared, hringing a pick and two C spades, which he had pr?ctlred it au t outhouse near thŽ chapel. lie haonded'' us the epades, and, ralsint the pick. t -. luried it In the mound with a thud s which sent a thrill ofl lorroi through I S ','e must wnotk heard, he said. "It l I n ntow ole o'clock.' O They had made eotsiderable pro- o0 \- ,re p atle work of exhurnatlon before I o0 felt :tble to assist. .'The we had reached a depth,.of thre , ol?odr'feet the.Russlan suggested tliVt I should remain outside ~nid act as £6ur . I gladlyyacqailecced, lid, witl.vihatever.consecuence to mIy weankeed :nerves; would hive reIolced to ha?e had any reason to alarm them from actileving that hideous asUtpose. - After the labor of. a half-hour we heard the thud of the pick upon -the wood of the box enclosing the coffin. In a few minutes the' last shovelful of earth awas thrown out, and the lids of the box and coffin removed. At the R:sslali's request-I hraded down to him the dark-lantern, also a covered -vessel tOd case 'of surgical instruments w}hich; he had brought, anct then, nearly faint 'og. I retired out of view of the opera tion. Sill, by sorr.e strange fascination, I held my eyes fixed upon ..the open grave, which 'ppeared Ilkc a lighted window in the aiode Of ghosts. As moment 'fterwards I heard ,.gailn the Russlan'.i volce. SPass dilown those gloves-in mny?.coat pocket,"' it sold, and aided. l n I:lo er. tone to Hollander,-"She :'vas a beautiful girl. .What hair! What features!"' I appro.'ached the-grave, and, in some eorlosity, aroused by the last remark, I stooped "to gaze on the pallid face In the coffin. With one wild shriek I start ed back. and fell. "Oh, what is this? My God! Estelle! Estelle!" Instantly I felt a rough hand upon my mouth, and faintly heard the Russian's multered culrse and admonition, "Be still, you fool! .or--" A long period of unconsciousness fol lowed, frofi which I was revived by feeling a glass of water at my lips, and I opened my eyes upon the familiar furilture of my room, whither my two friends, with untold effort, had carried me from the scene of our unfinished enterprise. For months afterwards I was Intoler ably distressed by the mere thought'of that night's reelation,. But it wrought a salutary change in my habits, and made of me the semblance of a man. "West Lothian Courier." 