THE Bed Silk Handkerhielf (Dr fl. 0. BTNN1ER.) The yellow afternoon suin came ill throughl thile long bh)luk windows of thle roo0m wherein the Superior Court of 1lie State of' New Y'ork, I'Part ll., G(illespie, .Judge, w'as in session. The hlour of adjournlmellnt wos lielr .lt hand, ai dozen courtllounlgeis 51Oloched on the hunl benches in the "111 i udes of crampeld carelesi ess whliclh mark he familiar of the hallls of .justice. ]lh yond Ihe rail 1at doze10.n Ilwye'rs 1nd( lawyelr's clerks, Id 15 (0 7ozeln \wry113' jullrymen. Above the drowsy ailencle rose thle ns1al voieof of the junlior coun sel for thle defence, who in a highll mionotone, Wilh his faint eyes fixed on thile paper, n his hand, iwas Ialkinllg somlething.like a half a score of 're quests to charge.' Nobody paid attention to him. Two ]liwyers' clerks whispered like mis chie0vous schoolboys, ,hiding behind a pile of books that towered upon i table. Ju1iior counsel for the plain tilff chewed his ]lencil and took advan tage of his oppototunity to familiarise hinmself with certain neglected passa ges of tihe New Code; The crier, like a half-dormant old spider, sat in ]hlls place aund1,ivatched ". boy who wasi fidgeting at the fiar en'd of the room; nd w llo oked as though he w nted to ullistlu: ·~ ·,' The jorymien might sai e : been dream-men, vague creatins bfof an au5 titln afieinrgon's 'dose' P It'Was 'liard to coneeltthdiem with ' wnorld of life and businbss:i Yet gdizngricloser, yosi mlighlt Ihal Iseel tt oi I th de looledias if ]he were?lnhflklg of lits ,diiner' and another aSif lhe mverethlnlind g of the lost love f: hlis.:yoiith :iand .that tle expressioion: on:the faces of the othelrs ranglled froml thd:va'cant.to ?i le ipcru inble. Tlie oldest jilror,at the end of thle second'- iow,' wals'?sooid hleep. Everyone ' tle o c"brtdot0 , ' eccept himself,: le~ .It No bne ecnred. .GillesplJ. was writlfig hi accep tance of an:iuitatiori:nto a dinner set fbr that e'elniig t?iDehiicoleb's." He wias doini'this in s':uch a "way tliat h1 appeared to be' talkfig copious and con seientidus'iotes,.:Long years ofi the bIenclh hadliiwhitened Judge OilleIsple'i hair aidtiiauglit;hini how to do: this. lis seemiig aittentiveness much en couragd ilhe counsel for the defence, whose high-pitehed tone rasped the air ike thei' buzzing ofa bee thathas found its way through to he slats:of ithie blind iito solll'n darkened room, of anisum irr no0n,, .und that, as it seel? angrily for egress, raises its shrill scandalis'ed priotest- against tnhe idle' 1iess mld the pleasant glooim. ' We r'i"uest y'r Honour t' charge : First, 't rforcible entry does not coil st'oot treisp s, 'liless;i intit's piroved. Thus, 'l a mni rolls down a bank "' iBut tllhJudge's thoughtts were in thellri , supper-rioomn at.;Delmoni co's. lj]iad: ,no interest 'in te ad: fate of ile hero of the sipjposittltiods case, wlod h'ind : been' obliged by a stmage anii 'iigelniu i combi~nati6op of aeellddits tb maklte lviolententiance, inclident ll danaging .'tlihe. poirsons and property of others, into thehIntds anid t eniuents of, hbsl neighlu' l .',,':: Aid :ftlies : away ,yet tihe d?dollnIn tllt of lorace Wrilpole, clerk for les"r I cedebi?n., Sniow deil, and " l-, feather forI theyoliy imani siltt wvtll Iris elbois obniothe table, his :hend ii his Ihan llsi aad half1smile.o1 l Ilis 1ips? and hIlirow?ixyesn' looking throughi vacancnuy tbSt.Lawrence County; New York. li Hie saJ algreat' shagbby' old h]louse, shalublly ttull' th'tle folshablbiness o bf a sham g~ialder'laid bai;e by tlme arid imocicdu' "f t itile's' . weathr.. Thiere '?si a'great.shai 'Grelanil pr tioa at ti en ilo n;, whlitepait'intaa well inig11 vainld; 'y;and' thleralii streallke 1i ' oden"? tllars seeuied,,t hb w'eeplil' , m-is'of lipteiicfen r forhaig Ilied a b vt. cs?eiesn and p ri toiided to be nl' l ,- , Th ened wwails.', e coeked ndd bltered'd?l:: eh Grr'cii'n teidmpllie on tile lilliicn.hea; looked muchi llkei' tomb .:$ild ~iotlati all ike. :a~ iumll. h1ous. l f' flow?er gardvle a? w's so rt ,i2ik tind: r~llggdi so otergrown, wli ',we.e and1 vlotlltitfwa thily5 h ri20l1ed1 tloe 0or0 tflleatl!iii of :i' 'rvealing:its. negleeted nnzeC, tli? .wondler: of .,the couity' ini 18s0.. All'iwas shaln ,; save the decay. T'hat wasii'real;undm' by virtue of 'tIs decropuilde the old house seemed to pirotest iiglst moidern 'contempt, as .ihougl mit S?id : -'I 11ave hlild my dany.. I:1 was iillt when people thought this soir oeftihlilng: was the right sort of thig;.iwhenI we Ihad our own little pseutlo-lassicr renllssmance in Ame rlicn. I lie between tile towns of Aris totle ind Sabine Farms. I aln a gentlelnau's residence, sliid ny iname is MdontevLsta, I was1 built by a 1)protlli nent cltizen. You need not lnauglh through youi lattices, you smuig 11ew, Queen Anne cottage, down tlere in thle valley I W1halt wfill becolme of you when1 the nlsehlloodi is foundlli ollut of yolrt imitllt.ioll brickHs tlnd .Vour 1.iled roof oufshingles and your stained glnss that la only IL sheet of transparent paper pasted oni a pane ? You nar a yoiing slam; I sin an old one. Have some respect for ago 1' Its age was the crowning glory of thle estate of Montevista. There was nothing new on tlheo llee except a third mortgnige. Yet lIndI Montevista villa put forth i jluster claim to re spec It would Ihave said : 'I have laldl miy day. Wlhere all is desolate nlild silent lnow, llhere Wits once lightl Ilnld life. Along these hnlls ianidcorri dor's, the arteries of my being, pulsed a hot blood of joyous humanIity, fed with delicate fare, Itindled with gene rous wine. Elvery corner under my roof wans live witli love nnd hope nnd nallbition. Great mln and dear womenl were liere; and the host was great itnd tHe hostess was gracious among tlhem ill. The tiughter of children tlIrilleid my gaudily decked stucco. To- dtlat an old inan wallks up and down my lonely drawing-rooms, with bent head, inurmurlng to himself odds and ends of tawdry old eloquence, wnn derilngin a dacnd llnd of memory, wait hig till Denthl shall take himi by the lnlild Ilndl lend lilm out of his ruilnous ]Ihouse,;out of iis ruinous life.' )etlllh hlnd indeed come between Hroner, and the creation of his spIrl luinl vision. NeveV agaiin should the oltd mitn walk, ias to the boy's eyes he wnlked now, over the croealing floors, froin welire thle Nine Muses simpered ont ie waills of the south parlour 1o wherelr'Homer alild lutntarchl, eqtiuilly sitnm'rlnRg, 'yct shiaperinpg with 11 dif feri'ntle,--cvercly himnperlng,-fnaced eaIehI other anroRs the north room. Hlorace saw his father stalking on Iis accuslfioned round, a sad, familiar figure, 1ll and bent. The hands were clasped behind the back, the chin was bowed on thle Ilnek slock, but every now and then tihe thin form drew it :elf straighil, tlie line, clean-shaven aqluiline f/ace was raised, beamning with the ghost of an old enilhlusiasm, and tlhe long riglit arm wtis lifted ]higlh in the air its ]e biegin, his sonorous tones a little treimulous in spite of the reslttiint of old-time Ipomnposity amd deliberation SMr. Speakei, 1. rise ;'---or, ' If your 1llououtr pleacse ' ''Thle forlorn, helpless earnestiness of thlis mockery of life touched -lorace's Ihearl :und yett lie smiled to thinlt lhow differenlit were thle methods tand maniners of Nis fathier from those of Iurothelr Iooper,; whose requests still droned ulp to the reverberating hol lows of lthe roof, and there were lost in a subdued boom iand snarl of echoesi such ais a court-room only can beget. ,Two gienerations' ego, when tile Ionoutrable HIorace Kortlandt Wal pole wats the' rising young lawyer of the Staite--when he was mknown iats " tihe Goldil Mouthed Orator of- St. Lawrence Counmty," he was in tlhe habit of eassmning that ihe owned whatever court he -practised' in; and as a irule, he was rlght. The mos bulloek'-brilned of'icountry Judges do ferreld to the brilliant young mastes of law' and'd loqueiice, tind his "re-& quests" were generally naccepted as commandls, and obeyed asi'sueh. 'Of course-- the .greut lawyer,: for fois'i 'sakli, thi'ew ia-velo?o 'humIlity:'" o vei his delveranees ; but even that lhe rent to shreds when the ilre 'of hlis eloquid6e'd once gof' fairly aiglov :. ." May it please your Honour I Be fore youtr lonour exercises.the sacred p~erogati\,e of '.your .poimch-befor your' Hioiour peiforms the, s ired dlty which the State ihas given into your hmndis- befbre,:'?wtlh thnat lucid genius to 'licl ' Ihblow nmyellad, yoii direct the mitidi' of thesl~i twelvfgobd men and trife in the iatlh of strict.jt dicihl investigation,, usik .your iHonlor to instruct'tlhoi:eth theyc must bring to their .deliberations :,that imparti?l :justice? whiclh tlie laws of our beloved country-of whtithh no abler expoionent? thrn your -onor 'luis ever graced the Benclh--whellc tle laiws of our beloved counitry, guatranteo to, the lowest :as t'ell as to. tihe loftiest of. her citizens 'from: the6 PrreidCnt int thd- Exeutilve Mansion toti'thlidinble' artisan at thle forge-throutghout "this broad -land, froim the- aIngoons,-of Loutsiana: to wherlie the snow-cltid' forests of Maine Inhurl 'didftine tit the descendants df ?'oiry' i-fugees .Ii 'the banrren ' wasitt 'of ;Horace rememnbered every wod 'antd iery :'gestureo! f tliht fipdCeeCh:. 'He re called eveni thd'litiek .upward glance from iunder the lshaggyteyebriws'wltlf whiclh'his'fidthe?raeemed to "seei'?giit the smirlifigsjudge, catching 'at. tlie golass bnit of; :Ihnttery; he:knew the little patsoe whlich the spealter'smne ;iiior i?sid flled with.i l.ho?.plpliuse of an anudillenealong since adispeirsed tb varlousn. silenit country, graveynardsi; anid lihe 'widdred jil nl it .'ifit were possible thait cEven "' ai, ti: fatlier's prulineo' tlitt wiretched t. olltslnos dto old pIolitiicntl- haitreds had power ortbl sftir tlihe fro;eodf" patriotism )is"the" citizets i 'id sbin ,' .. "? ,.:',"'. ;?,?'.?.,: . .I ·: ;/'i? . :':or old fathrir.l , said tle heyb toe hi?self ..- The vsoce which' had' for ao inian; 'years; 'beetii'iut a echo : wasn stilled ;wholly:. iow;. . Brlief ~fictory imad longf , defeat' iidtlihin: low to.. h lia goldei-nioutthed oi;nator. :-. ,: .." Siall I?fail' h'fietled ?:i thouglit Hoae .''h NI IU cntHasent ,Aind tlhenlie drew" out' of his braest :poiicet ".a "sIred' si liaidklerchlef, anid turned :'it obsor' in his ihanii?tith lt iovementi thate?oeitaled anid caress edra tittesautie 'time. . .Itiwta~si avery'i-ed' liandlieobliief. I . w as-not eriintlt 0i' n ' .o r carditial,' noie?'. cariminte l a' fstran &.Orlentail Ideallsatlon of; 'blood-red, wlhich hliyr .well: on the soft ? flne,:liu'srious ifabrie 'Bliit it was an unmistakable, a shamie less, a blarerloired. , , / Aid ".a'ns ioe ''loolked : at ..it, ','outig 'Hitelhcoo c;of Ilitche'ock and Van Rebh hselaer, canimsifilbehind linti an~ leani 'ed ovir histlrshoutlder.k :, " '-' ,'hlitefroV al?ol ?': hi e liisb:O?fd!e' i 'you 'ougit't to:h'ian tli~"tdtit for tin iiuction thigand ?sill eis obui; etnised.s•' o:ra"lrn'de"stuiead'it back ii his pocktet ' ou d ha ,latiid etoiiglift i'bs seiome oft"tallns, i yo si got the slhow?v 'h re tiuii?hd ;,o'lbit't -the 'oiliortunlt?~. fos a •proiIlo iged'- oittci t'-t of"w'tv' ',it va??",ciut 'ihort.," Tlio',Tud '' ''ti?i fifbldlung, his letter, tmid tlihe nisal iouiduel, :u hVitig fliinshlied 'hijs .rending;, stood gaiting it doiibt iiad tciipldt!ioai t th Ilcitooi'l?h, safidas?n nl'c , htliisul f whyiis"T?Honor ld illotpais'sedon.; each 'polist" its pro selited.i t ''Ie found oiut;,. -'::' ' Are yous preparedi, 'to submlt thioso .rldestes I writifig-?' demituded:' Gil leple,, .J., shiaiply, inid s?lddeilly. He Iltew 's;oEll enough i tliti?i:tlitt poor' ]lt tie miaialsti ner'osis jutiiior': counisel wolild :never 'have tri sted himself; to speak .ton consecuthve sentences ts court ivithout ' havig evcry .word on paper Ibefore hllim. SYe-yes,' the coinsetl stanmmered, and handed nip hia careful mnnuiserlpt. '1 will extaminhe these to-night,' saId hlis Hlonor, and, apparently, hle maide an endorsenment on the papers. He was really writing the address ot the enrveloope of his - letter. Then there was a stir, and a conversation be tween the Judge and two or three lawyers, tll at once, which was stop ped when lhia Honor gave an Olym pinn nod to thle clerk. The crier rose. 'He'ye I he'ye I le'ye I' he shoutdd with perfuntctory vlgour. ' Wah wuhl-wnhl I' tihe high ceiling slapped back at him ; antd he declaimned, on oneo note, a brief address to ' Awperns hlan bins' in that court, of which no thling was comnprehensible stve the words ' Mondtty next at eleven o'clock.' And then the court collc iively rose, and individually put on hains, for the most part of the sort called queer. All tho people woro chanttering in low voices; chairs were movednoisl ly, and the slumbering juror opened his 'weary eyes end troubled himself with ni nneilled for cffort to look as though lie lid been awake nall the time, mnd ididn't like the way things were going at all. Horace got from the clerk the p]ipers for wh?:c he lhad beit waitinig, and wais passing out, when his ]ionor saw him, and hailed hiim with an expressive grunt. Gillespie, J., loolted over Ins speci.a ces el Horace. ' Shall you see Judge Weelden at tlhe ofllce ' Yes ? Will you have the kind ness to give ]lim this-yes ? if it's no trouble to yoelln, of course.' Gillespie, J., was not over careful of the feelings of lIwyers' eleriks as a rnle"; but lie lhad ibut deceli disin clinailon to ict ultra proescriplhtum lwhich mnrks the attitude of thewell bi'ed mnlu towards, his inferiors in oilce. lie lknew llthat hle had no bumsi uess to use W1eeden, Snowdilen, and Gil feather's, clerk as a messenger in his lpr'ivate correspDondenCe. Horace understood, him, took tihe letter, nud 'allowed himself a quiet smile when lie reached the crowded corridor. What snuttered, he thought, as his Lbrisk feet clattered' down the wide stairs' of the rotunda, tIle petty inso lence of ofilce now ? Ie wis Gilles pioe's' messenger to-day ; but, hald not ilis' -yoUn/g powerse already: receivedl recognition from aii greater'than Gil lesplio.? .If Judge Gillespie lived long cnouglh ile should purt his gouty legs under . Judge Walpole's. nmahlogany, and :prose ',over his port-yes, lie should have port, like. tmhe relic of miellow old days that -he was--of the times 'when your fathelr-in-law andi I- Walpole, wered boys itogethier. Ahl, there you have the spell of the Rlied Silk faundlerehief I It is?sa?L swindeifulitael to Horace; for hlie sahw.itiix.thsuithiuoiiderful light whiclh shall "shlid' on' no man of us inuo;oretham.onc9tin, 'sis life-on some of us,:nott itd'hlflfeieiAci help us ! but, it the telling, it is a simple tale: "' Thle Golden-mouthed. Orator of St. Lawrence', was at the .height of his faene in that lilediod of storm and stress vwhliell had thle ei?ill war for its climnsx. 'ils 'misfiortune was to. be drawi into a bontest for which he, was niot equip ped, and in Wihich l: e had little uinte rest. His sphere of iction was £far fliom 'the.m 'battle- ground of thie day. Theo,intense localism that bounded his knowledge aind his sympathlies huad but oile brealc-le had tasted in his yoiuth, the'extrdayegant f hospitality of the Soutli, ?ald hd lield. it in grateful remembrance. So it happened that ihe was a tirhni ietl- moderationist he called limself,--a: man who dealt in optimistic gene'alfties, "' and '" who thouglht thairtm f everyhody-the slaves included"wonld bnly. "iet temperately and reasoniably, and view the matter fromn the 'standpoint of pure policy, the ,'differences.. of : South and North could bi settled' aa? edasily as, through hs own. ~wvlse interventon, the old tuir nipr field,?feud of Iarmer Oliver and 1,'arner .Buinker ,had bcdu wlped ont of eisteiicela . -is aiidirers 'agreed fwith' him, ass they sent himn .to. Congress to .ill tihe unepiired short term of their represen thatfl·ye ?'lwho':lsad jitt died' in Washing ton. of wlast we nibe hioow- as n.a nla rIlal Ifveer;m svitas' not.to 'be. expected perprli, tht~~i tliilohiourable Mr. WVal piiol:would su'edeedin putting a, new fae.ontht.e eigre~n?tpolitical question in tle 'bcoirise'of his first term; but they _all felt i?de thalt his first speech.would s?tartlemnen who had never heard bet tei thian what Daniel Webster hud 1had to offeior them. . (l'o b ., Continuda.) 