The Light that Cast Curious stories are told a po?sessedby certain natives in up among the Himalaya mouon men, it is said, have devoted the study of natural laws and rest of the woll I know. no'hi a German prf?.s; or viei.ed t these queer Hindus are called of finding out the secret of performanoas. They treated ily, but interested him all the the professor wanted to exami Sanskrit manuscripts. An ade to a cave wherein the books w place was as dark as the botte " I can't see to read, here," " Then we will have some reply, and immediately (the suot, pearly light brightened could not toll whence it canme that it had one strange qualit the slighest shadow. " Tnis is a story hard to bell is affirmed by a man of vast character, and you who now reason for doubt except that ai have seen have cast shadows. belief commonly runs parallel experience. Dr. Johnson sniff of the Lisbon earthquake, tale of the Cock Lane ghost A man who has been ill for to find a cure, is sceptical wheo of a medicine which they belier well. What else but doubt co his experience ? Take an exam " In the spring of 1888," wr pondent, " I fell into a low, we state. I felt low spirited and5 first my stomach was dorang poor, and after eating I had pal the chest. I was much trou and frequently spat up a sourfl bile. Later on I suffered from great depression of spirits. I work, but always had a sense Off and on I continued in thi years, nothing that I took At last I heard of Mother Sei procured a supply. After I few doses I found relief ; my to gradually all nervousness left had no reason at first to feel a this medicine, never haviu, use used, I now gladly admit its vale over disease. Since my recor thank Mother Saigel's Ouratir been in the best of health and interests of suffering humanity I to send you this testimony. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151 Birmingham, June 8th, 1893 " There is a deal of diflere Grifliths candid letter and thee that cast no shadow. The latt enough, but it cannot be verifi trouble than it is worth. On the have a trustyworthy witness, wi letters of inquiry, and will be address. Finally, there is nothing m ab,ut Mother Seigel's Curative on the theory that most ailmen toms, forms, or phases of that e -indigestion and dyspepsia; it throws the light of health arid hearths and homes where illn cast such dark and terrifying that is why people believe all t success by eager witnesses. 