THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW Curious stories aro told about the poweni jossessed i>y certain nativei of India, who lire tip among the ""Himalaya monntkins. | T hese old men, it is said, hare devoted scores of yean to the study of natural laws - and forces, which the rest of the world: knows nothing about. Lately a Gennae professor visited the "adapts," as thesfi cnaer Hindus are called, for the purpose on finding out the secret of their remarkable' performances. They treated him rather Bcurvily, but interested him all the same.: One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An; adept went with him to a care wherein the i books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. " 'I cant see to road, here," said the visitor. 'Then we .will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave He could not tell whence it came/ but he noticed that it had one strange qiuility—it east not the lightest thadotn. ' This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and yon who now read it have no reason for doubt «xcept that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson 1 sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Xiane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him welL What else . but doubt could msult from his experience ? Take an example:— ' In the spring of 188S," writes our correspondent, "I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up' a80ttr fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great deprea-- sion of spirits. I kept up with my work, - but had always a sense of discomfort* Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken oaly a few doses I found relief; my food digested,! and gradually all nervousness left me. AW though I had no reason at first to feel anyconfidence in this medicine, never having 1 toy reccfwry, rorwuicu i inaua mutcer Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests f suffering humanity I deem it a duty to end you this testimony. (Signed) D. riffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151. Hockley ill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr.' riffiths candid letter and the story about he light that cast no shadow. The latter ay be true enough, but it cannot be veriied without more trouble than it is worth.' n the other hand we have a trustworthy witness who will answer letters of inquiry, nd can be found at his address. Finally there is nothing mystic or magical obout Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup.; p It acts on the theory thatmostailments are - but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease—indigestion and dyspep-: sia; it cures that, and throws the light o£ health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its' success by eager witnesses. In Melbourne on Wednesday night a man mas found lying helplessly intoxicated in Flinders street. When searched at the lock-; up, upwards of £125 was found in Ilia pockets, as well as a miner's right, issued at Castlemaine, in the name of William Scholes. A bill " to regulate cremation" was introduced in the Legislative Council on Wednesday by Mr Grimwade. The food duties of West Australia are to beleduced. Another case of leprosy attacking a' European is reported from the Nambar district ot Queensland. The -crops in the Albury district are reported to be in splendid condition. Five thousand additional acres are under cultivation in the neighborhood of that place. Tbboit Affections Ann Hoahsbnbb?.— All suffering from irritation of the throat and: hoarseness w31 be agreeably burprised at the almost Immediate relief - afforded by the use of "Brown'sBronchial Troohes." These famous lozenges 1 * are now sold by most Tsspectahle chemists in this country at Is lid par box People troubled with m "hacking cnigh,*'* "•light cold,** or bronchial nffec&oos;, cannot' trv tao soon, aa irimilmr trouble* if, allowed to progress, result in senoas FulmotMUT and Asthmatic -affections. See that the-words "Brown's Bwnehul Troches " are on the Government Stsmp.around each box.— Prepared by JoHN L Bkows S: Soxs, B«rton. U.S*™Enrqpean Depot, 33, Tarringdon Road London.Bngland 