h WHOSO F1WDETH A W5FEs» [?] | Sensational Story [?] Author of 'The Great'War in England in 1887,' 'Zoraida,' 'Stfijfp fi»BlftM 'Guilty Bands,' 'A Seorat Semes,' &o.;, to. COFTRIGHT. CHAPTER XXXV.— ( Continued.) MY WIPE shrugged her shoulders with a gesture of quick impatience. 1 Ah ! You don't believe I am in earnest,' cried the. unhappy woman. ' Has it never occurred to you that I alone can free vou from the bond that has held you aloof1 from your husband ? ' ' What do you uieau ?' cried Ella; ?with a'puzzled expression. 'I mean,' she answered, in; a deep; earnest voice. ' I mean that if you' will make full and open confession to' Geoffrey I will furnish you with proof positive of the identity of the murderer of Dudley Ogle. By this means only can you obtain freedom from your bondage of guilt.' ' My freedom ! ' echoed my wife. She was pale as death ; her hot, dry lips moved convulsively, and she glanced at me in feverish apprehension. 'How can you give me my freedom ? ' 'By revealing the truth,' Sonia answered. 'When you have told Geoffrey all, then I will disclose the terrible secret that I have selfishly kept from you because I envied you your happiness.' The silence remained unbroken for some minutes. ' Ella stood with her gloved hands clasped before her. The haughty demeanour of the daughter of the Romanoffs had entirely forsaken her ; with head bent she stood im movable as a statue. Terror and despair showed themselves in her clear, bright eyes. It seemed as though she mistrusted this woman of evil repute, whose -assertions half induced her to confess to me. 'Come,' Sonia said. 'Speak, and freedom, love, and happiness are yours.' Her breast, beneath its lace and flimsy muslin, heaved and fell. Her fingers hitched themselves nervously in the trimming of her gown. Then, at last, with sudden resolve, she turned, and with terror stricken eyes fixed upon me, said in English, in low faltering tone — ' To confess to you, Geoffrey, will cause you to hate, ah ! even to curse me. After 'to-day I fear we shall part never again to meet.' 'No, no,' I cried, advancing to take her soft hand in mine. 'Tell me your secret. Then let us hear what Sonia has to reveal.' 'Ah! mine is a wretched, horrible, story of duplicity,' my wife faltered, standing in an attitude of deep dejec tion. 'Although I am a grand duchess, the bearer of an imperial name, I can hope for neither pity nor mercy from you, or from the world outside.' ' Why?' 'Because- 1 have foully deceived you. I am a spy !' * .' A spy !' I gasped, amazed. ' What do you mean ?' ' Listen ; I will tell you,' she answered, in a hard strained voice, swaying slowly forward and clutching at the table for support. ' Three, years ago, when my- mother, the Grand Duchess Nicholas, was still alive, we were spending some months as-usual at our winter villa that faced the Mediter ranean at St. Eugene, close- to ? Algiers, and my mother engaged as valet de cliambre an Englishman. Soon this man grew, I suppose, to admire me, He pestered me with hateful attentions, and at last had the audacity to declare his love. As may be readily imagined, I scornfully rejected him, treated him with contempt, and finding that he still continued his protestations, meeting me. when I went for walks along the sea road to Algiers, or under the palms and orange grovesin the JardinMarengo,' lone day, : in a fit of ill-temper, disclosed to my mother the whole of the circum stances. The fellow was at once dis charged, but before he left for Europe he wrote me a letter full of bitter reproach, and expressed his determina tion to some day Avreak vengeance upon me, as well as upou a young Englishman whom he suspected that I loved. His suspicions, however, were entirely un founded. I, known at home and throughout all our family by the pet name of ' Tcherno-okaya,' or ' Spark ling Eyes,' a nickname token from our Russian poet, Lermontoff, had met this young Englishman quite casually when one day while . passing through the Kasbah I was insulted by two half drunken Arabs, and he had escorted me home. Then, when we parted, he had told me that he was staying at the Hotel de la Regence, opposite the great white mosque, and gave me his name. It~was Dudley Ogle.' ' tgjf& CHAPTER XXXVI. p The Tttrat.t.. 'Dudley Ogle!' I echoed in Wank amazement. ' Are you certain that the servant's suspicions were devoid of foundation ? ' 'Absolutely,' she answered in quick breathlessness. ' In those days I was eupercilious and disdainful, being taught to regard my dignity as grand duchess with too great a conceit to make a mes alliance. My mother used constantly to urge that in the marriages contracted 'by members of our family love was not absolutely necessary — position was everything. Well, the months went by. We left Algiers, returned to Petersburg, and soon afterwards my mother died, leaving me alone. I found myself possessor of great wealth, and when, after a period of mourning, I reappeared in society I was courted and ? flattered by all sorts and '? con ditions of men. In a year I grew tired of it all and longed to return to England, the land wherein I had Bpent many years of my youth ; there fore I engaged a woman to pose as my* mother, and, dropping my title, went to London, and lived there as EllaLaing. looking earj&estlyanto; my face wi& her. deep blue eyes. To ' me she had em bodied everything'that was fair, honour able, and pure, yet T Had' dreaded some sinister peril from'an unknown source. 'And we Jbved each other,' I said, simply. ' Yes,' she went on fervently. 'But 'from, the first I was fettered,: being unable to- act as -my heart prompted. I loved you fondly, and knew you wished to make nie your wife, yet I dared not to risk such a step without the per mission of our Bouse. I went to Petersburg, -explained who and what you were, and craved leave to marry you. A family council was held, but the suggestion was unanimously de nounced as a piece of sentimental folly. Ah, shall I ever forget that night ? I pleaded to them upon my knees ;to let me obtain happiness in your love, but they were inexorable and refused. At length, when in a moment of des pair I threatened that if shut out from love by the barrier of birth I would end my life, a suggestion was made — a horrible, infamous one, prompted by Makaroff, Minister of the Household. Yet I was ready to commit any act, to do anything in order to secure happiness with you. Permission was given me to marry you on condition that I entered the Secret Service as spy. I appealed personally to the Czar, but in vain. You were in the Earl of Warn ham's confidence, and it was seen that from you I could obtain information which would be of the greatest utility to our Foreign Department.' ' So you accepted,' I said, stesiiy. ' Yes, I accepted their abominable con ditions beeause I loved you so well, Geoffrey,' she said, gloomily, her trembling hand upon my shoulder. 'It was not my fault, indeed it wasn't. If I had known what was to follow I would have killed myself rather than bring about all the trouble and disaster for which I became responsible.' ' No,' I said. ' Don't speak like that.' ' I would,' she declared, in a despair ing way. ' What followed was a dark, mysterious tragedy, while all the time I knew tihat you must suspect — that, after aH, you might forsake me. Within a week after bind ing myself irrevocably to the Czar's army of spies I made a discovery that held me appalled. I found that my master, the man to whose will I was compelled to submit, was none other than our discharged valet de chambre — the man who two years before had declared his love. At the time my mother had engaged him he was already in the secret service, and had no doubt kept watch upon us. He came to me at the Nook, and, exulting in the fact that I had become his puppet, renewed his protestations of affection. When, frankly, I told him that I hated him and loved only you, he at once informed me, with a grin of satisfaction, that the department in Petersburg found it compulsory to obtain possession of a copy of a secret convention at that moment being con cluded between your country and Ger many, and that I must get possession of it at any cost, through you. It was in order that I might betray you that the' imperial permission had been given to our marriage. In indignation I refused, whereupon he threatened to expose me to you as a Russian spy, and I saw only too clearly that any such revelation must, end for ever our acquain tance. He cajoled, urged, threat ened, and explained all the elaborate precautions that had been taken by two clerks in Russian pay at your Foreign Office in order that on a certain day you should carry the precious document in your pocket, and how he had prepared the dummy envelope sealed with your Minister's seal. At last — at last, after striving long and vainly against the performance of this ignominious aotion that I knew must reflect on your honesty, I was compelled to submit. Ah ! you can never know what agony I suffered. I venly believe that in those few days the terrible vengeance of that scoundrel drove me insane. The hideous ghost of the past causes me to shudder whenever I think of it.' I echoed her sigh, but no word escaped me. Her revelations were astounding. I had never suspected her of being actually a spy, although the discovery of the stolen convention in her escritoire had lent colour to that view. 'I deceived you,' she went on in a hard monotonous voice. ' But only be cause I loved you so fondly, and dreaded that -this man, who had long ago vowed to -wreck my life, would expose, and thus part us. Yet I could not bring myself to commit the theft. How could I place upon you— the man who was all in all to me — the stigma of having traitorously sold your country's secrets ? The man who held me enslaved, and whose attentions I had spurned, exulted in his malevolent revenge. Onoe he offered, if I would renounce all thought of you and treat him with more cor diality, to commit the theft himself, but x reiusea, aerermmea at an nazaras to remain with you as long as possible. Once it was thought that the secret con vention would be aent to Warnham Hall, and I was compelled to go down there to devise some means of obtain ing it. I found Dudley staying in the village, and we returned to London to gether. The end must soon come, I knew. Therefore I lived on in daily terror of what must follow. At last the day dawned on which I had to meet you at the Foreign Office, and filch from you the bond of nations. After breakfast I stood out on the lawn by the sunny river's brink, contemplating snicf.de rather than your ruin, .when there rowed up to the steps Dudley Ogle, who hailed me, inviting me to pull up to Windsor, and. there lunch with him. At once I accepted, and after embarking his assistance. Aa jtju know, ha was a good amateur conjurer, and skilled in. ~ feats of sleight of hand. AViiUout thought of the consequences he ru^ilve'd'- to commit the tneft for my sake, and when I had fully explained all the facts and given him the dummy en rnl nrvo ?fill a 4* 4-V» a nnnninir ~r*\t i ia-f i \f* f'l i n ' Okhrannoe Otdelenie ' had prepared, he turned the boat and' put me ashore at the Nook, afterwards rowing rapidly down to Shepperton to change and go at once to London.' *..-?'_ ' 4 He did thia beeause hg^ loved- you V I exclaimed sternly. ?*' 4 No,1 she answered., reassuringly. 'Poor Dudley was simply my friend. He called on you and extracted 'the document from your pocket while you lunched together, because he saw in what a dilemma I was. He knew I a single word of affection to me. That I sw.ear before heaven. What followed his *nsit to Downiag street I have only ahozyidea, so full of awful anxieties waa that breathless day. From Waterloo station he telegraphed to mo that he had successfully secured the . agreement and handed it to the chief of spies. The latter, who had been wait ing in Parliament street expecting me, seeing him, took in the situation at a glance, and approaching him asked; for the document, which he had given up. An hour afterwards, fearing that you might suspect me, I telegraphed to you at SJnepperton to dine with us, well . knowing that already the text of the convention was at that moment being transmitted to Petersburg, and that war was inv minent. You came; youMssedme. I loved you dearer than life, yet dreaded the frightful consequences of the das tardly act I had instigated. Suddenly, while we were at dinner, and you were laughing, happy and unconscious of the conspiracy against the peace of Europe, a thought flashed across my mind. I well knew that an awful conflict ot armed forces must accrue from my deep, despicable cunning, and it occurred tov me, as I sat by your side, that I would, using the secret cipher I had been pro vided with, telegraph to Petersburg in the name of the chief of spies, assuring »ur Foreign Department that a mistake had been made. I slipped out, and running down to the telegraph office just before it closed, sent a message to an unsuspicious looking address, Btating that the text of the convention alreadv sent had been discovered to be that of a rejected draft, and not that of ?file actual defensive alliance that had received the signature of the Emperor William.' 'Then it was actually this message o£ yours that prevented war !' I gasped, m profound astonishment. ' Yes,' she answered. ' Before receipt of my telegram all preparations w-ere being made for the commencement of hostilities, but. on its arrival the Czar at once countermanded the mobilisation order, and Europe was thereby spared a terrible and bloody conflict. Ah ! that was indeed a memorable night, brought to a conclusion by a dark and terrible tragedy.' Her astounding disclosures held me dumbfounded. I remembered vividly how, during our lunch at the Ship, Dudley had risen and gone out to the bar to speak to an acquaintance. It was at that moment, having stolon the document from me, he glanced -at -it's register number -and ; imitated it upon the dummy with which Ella had pro vided him. . ' But how came you 'possessed of the original of the convention ?' I asked. 'A week before I fled from you I received it by post anonymously,' she replied. 'When compelled by my enemy to leave you and return hereto my true position, I unfortunately left it behind, and knew that, sooner or later, you must discover it. The man who, with the Czar's authority, held me under the lash, still holds me, the play thing of his spite, and threatens that if I allow you to come here and occupy your rightful place as my. husband, he ment as a spy. Hence, I am still his.- - puppet : still held by a bond of guilt that I dare not break asunder.' 'Be patient,' urged Sonia, in a deep,' : calm voice. 'Be patient, arid 'you shall . yet be free.' ' Ah ! Geoffrey,' sobbed my wife, her blanched, tearful face buried in 'har hands, 'you can never, I fear, forgive. After all, notwithstanding the glamour ? that must surround me as grand duchess, I am but a mean, despicable woman, who foully betrayed you, the man who loved me.' ' You atoned for your crime by your successful effort to preserve the peaca of Europe,' I answered. ' Yes, yea,' she cried, -with a quiver in her voiee there was no mistaking for any note save that of love, ' but, alas ! I am in the power of an unscrupulous knave who parted us beeause he saw me happy with you. Can you ever forgive me? Can you, now you know of my unworthiness, ever say that you love me as truly as you did in those bygone days at The Nook? Speak?. Tell me?' ' Yes,' I answered, fervently pressing her closely in affectionate embrace. 'I forgave you everything, darling. Yom sinned, but, held as you have been, by the hateful conditions imposed upon you by a base, unprincipled villain, I cannot blame, but only pity you.' 'Then you still love me, Geoffrey?* she dried panting, gazing up into niy faes. ?/ fTO BE 00N0I/UDED.1 ^A/ — 34 