BAYS OF DANGER. [copyright.] Thrilling Narratives of tbe Bastrangtng Times. Keenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. IN FIVE PARTS. PERIOD, 1846. PART V. The inquest, indeed, was a formal affair- Tbe convict servant aaw that it was useless — quite useless — saying hij- tiling for bimtelf At tbat (tags, and he retfcained ailent, which was, of course, another evidence of guilt.' He was at once committed for trial at the enaning ljaunceatoo Assizes, ana eterjono re garded the wretched man as being aa good aa dead. At least, not everyone, tot Evan Edwards and Miohael Keenan were con vinced that the man wu innocent. They bad both been in the public-house on the t night of tbe murderfand bid aeen aome thing which at the time did not intereat tbem, but which the subsequent develop menti caused to aaaume importance. Tbey were both in the aide room off the bar, and 8oothey— wbo wai frequ* ntly taken from the farm to assist in the public-home, aa hit manner* were affable in spite of hia wretched condition — »u working in tbe kitchen. He was being continually called out, aud it wu during one of those absences that the frienda noticed a tall— very tall man— walk into tbe kitchen, pick up something from a table, and leave the room. Tiiey caught a momentary view of the face, the upper part of which wat bidden by a large aloutfa bat and the lower by a heavy beard. It wat pl4n to Edwards that the fellow ploked up a knife, for he caw tbe glean of tbe blade and heard a alight metallic sound, bat Keenan did not, aa ha was in 4 different position. Ai tbe una might have been one of the eervanta belonging to the place tbey took no farther notice of the incident, and a few minutea after Constable Williama entered tbe room, and, having ? glass with them, left, aa be aaid to go to the office, lie wo never aeen alive after tbat. For a fall hour later the two men remained, and when they went to Hie bedroom* at tbe back, John Soutbey was (till at work in die kitchen. Next morning, when tbe body of Conatablo Williams wat discovered atiff and «old, Edwards and Seenan remem bered tbe occurrence of tbe previous night, and they questioned the landlord ?1 10 whether he had such a person as the man they described in bis servioe. He vowed tbat he had not, and, in fact, ' did not know such a man in the whole dislriot. He was aware that the two attrvey-men were very friendly to John Southey, and it occurred to him that they were merely trying to divert sus picion from the proper quarter. This idea took strong possession of him, as he did not scruple to speak his mind on the subjeot, though not to either Keenan or Edwards. \- They were both good customers and a little fiery if their honour were im pugned, so that the landlord, who was a oautious man, w&b; careful to whom he addreaied hit insinuations that they were trying to screen his servant. The loas of a boarder like Williams was a severe blow to the parsimonious landlord, and the only consolation he had waB' the reflection that Southey would ' swing,' as he termed it, for the murder. To give the fellow his due, lie really believed that .his assigned servant was really guilty of the orime, and ninety-nine persona in every hundred would be inolined to agree with him. For several daya after the committal the two surveyors did all they could to get a clue tu the mysterious stranger who had entered the kitchen, but no one in the district seemed to know Buch a person, and at length they were re luctantly forced to give up the quest. All that lay in their power after that was to go to Launceston and give evidence in favour of the acoused man, and they determined to do ao. 'Wasn't there something peculiar about that fellow we aaw go into the kitchen the other night which struck you peculiar — as if you had Been him before V aBked Edwards a few days after the murder. There was,' replied Keenan. ' It w*b in the eyeB. I'm sure I saw the fellow somewhere before, but I can't recollect where it was. Hold on ! Hold 011 I I've got it !' he added in a lower voice. ' It was that portrait, you know, which we found by those bones I' ' Of course it was. What an asa 1 must be not to have recollected that bKfore. There is something in this, Mike. If we had been sharp enough wc cuuld have made £500. The fellow was no other than Jensen, the murderer, ns sure as you're there. Look at the way he wore hia hat— almoBt down on his eyeB — and the hair that coveted his face. Yes, we missoda good opportunity. That is the man who killed Williams, and by some menus he found out tbat the poor devil of a servant and the constable were enemies. What an idea to get rliu knife ! Surely they won't hang poor Southey, who is as innocent aayou orl,' exclaimed Edwards with animation. ' What a fool a man would be to leave evidence of liis guilt stuck in his victim. That fact alone ought to get Southey his liberty, but I shouldn't bo surprised if they hang him. Law isn't justice you know, and you can see how feeling goes about the settlement here. Then- are a hundred to ouo against the poor fellow, and it will be the same I'm afraid in the court,' said Keenan. 'Oh, you'll find it will be difl'eront there, but if this cut-throat Jensen is about we must be on our guard. He would think nothing perhaps of swooping down on our camp if there was plunder. 1 don't understand — if it was Jensen, and I am convinced it must have been — how he keeps about the district without being arrested. He must be a good deal abuut, or how could he learn such news as tbo feud between Williams and Southey, and how tin- latter was some times employed. Niturally, Jensen would hate Williams, for it was partly — or- chiefly — through tho constable that * the fact, of the skeleton being Wurr ill's and not Jensen's was discovered. Don't you see how he would have cause to rid himself of such a dangerous foe. The constiible was on his tracksright enough, and in timo would have hunted him down. We must see what we can do in the amateur detective business, aa it may be tho means ofsaviug Southey 's necl,' concluded Edwards. ? In pursuance of that resolve, Wain, J ones, and Weston were informed of the by Eeonan and £ 1 wards, and they were asked to do all tbey could through their friends as Well as themselves in finding out euch a man as was described. This tbey each earnestly promised to do, for likely an innooent human life waa hang ing in the balance with death weighed against it, and the discovery might cause the beam lo fall on the side of innocence. At there was only a fortnight to the' trial the ease was well-nigh hopeless, and ao it proved, for not a trace or vestige of the man which they sought could be found, and Seenan and Edwarda had to go to Launoeston without the slightest proof thatauch a being existed. When the trial came on the court wat crowded ohiefly with officials and their friends, who were anxious to aee a convict pillored for daring to raise a s.icrilegioufcarm against a representative of officialdom. Hanging, in the opinion of a majority of the audience, was cer tainly too good a fate for such a man, and they regretted the passing away of those good old times when 'drawing' and ? quartering ' could have been added to the aentence. Oneafterahother the witnesses testified to the fact that the knife found in the body of Constable Williams wh the property of Southey, and that the accused did not deny. Then there were others uho swore as to the threats made by the prisoner against tbe dead man, and to the enmity which existed between them for many months previous to the crime. No one aaw the actual deed done, but the landlord, who was the bitter.st witness against bis servant, stated that there would have been no difficulty in Soutbey stepping out of the house tud slaying Williams aa he went over to hia office. In fact, the body being found m dose to the pablic house, he said, aeemed to prove that it had been committed by some one who stepped out of the plane for the purpose and could not long re main away without his absence being j detected. This was putting a nail In the accused's coffin. In his defence, Southey admitted thst he had a grudge againat the dead man, and told the reason why, but be solemnly asserted he waa not a midnight assassin. What he meant by revenge waa to engage the constable in a fair fight. He asserted that be bad not gone ontatye tlie house on the night of the murd^, and that someone must have taken Ins knife out of the kitchen, on which It w^ lying on one of tbe tables. He htd, tjo idea who that person could be, but th}t was the only explanation he could give. Edwards and Keenan then volunteered to give evidence for the defence, aid I told the judge and jury what the readtr has already been seised of. They were esch subjected to a severe crossexamina tion by thecrown-proaecutor.and though they did not contradict themselves in any particular, their evidence was thorn of all weight by the fact that no one aeemed to know anything of the man whom the crown lawyer characterised as a | ' tnythecal personage.' When Edwards contended that the assasain was no other than Oarl Jensen, the New Norfolk murderer, a roar of laughter greeted the statement, but he obstinately adhered to that view, and nothing would shake either him or Keenan in the opinion. It is probable that the assertion threw | a cloud of ridicule over the wbole of their evidence, and the judge in eumming up gave that impression. He was dead againat the priaoner, and scarcely noticed 1 what had been sw&rn; by Edwards and Keenan, except to show itB unreliability. | The jury retired, but only for a few minutes, and returned with a verdict of guilty. The sentence was, of oourae, death, and in accordance with his powers the judge ordered that the execution should take place that day week (16th Septem ber), on a gallows erected at the spot where the crime wag committed. This practice waa frequently carried out in the early daya, aB it waB supposed to inspire more terror in the mind of the condemned and also to impress the reai* apeedy retribution. Southey listened to his doom in silence, and as the judge concluded there was quite an uproar of applause, which waB not suppressed until the prisoner was removed The erection of the scaffold at the Mersey settlement was at once begun, and the residents looked forward to the lfith September ns though an interesting carnival was to take place. The morning of the fatal day broke gloomly enough, and from far and nenr the people had assembled to witness the execution. At nine o'clock, the time fixed for the gruesome event, there could not have been less than three hundred persons present, n fair propor tion of them being women. John Southey was confined in the Btnall lock up and strongly guarded, for there had been whispers that an attempt at rescue might be niado. This had been Bpread by the public-house keeper, wbo was savagoly hunting the man to death parLly out of sheer malice and partly because he would do a roaring trade on the day of the execution and for some time previously. In the crowd wore tho members of the Edwards' survey party. They did not. attend out of mero morbid curiosity, but because something might turn up at the laat moment, to show the innocence of the condemned man. At least, that was tho comforting unction they laid to their souls, but they secretly felt, that John Southey waa practically a dead man. It wan most unusual, in fact, unpre cedented, to see such a crowd at tho tiny settlement, and with so many strangers present the chief interest — next to tbe bunging itself — lay in scan ning 1I10 faces which passed and ro panned. Some of them were hideoua enough to wairant the belief that their owners were in their natural element attending at such a gliaBtly event, whilst others aj;ain were humane aud charitable looking enough. Tliough the day wns ftne, a strong wind blow from the north, and often an exciting chase ensuid between a man and hie errant hat in consequence. It wan 011 the stroke of tho fatal hour when Keenan suddenly caught hold of Edwards' arm and whispered hoarsely : ' Look ! Look! There he is !' following the indicated direction, Kdwarda saw the tall, brut figure of a man ilowly making his way through the crowd. Ho seemed to be oblivious of everything but the gallows, and lyas Hearing it tn got a bettor view of tho exeeution. There could be no mistaking \- the man. Though the dreBB was somo 1 what dill. 'rent to that worn 011 the night when lidwnrds and Iveenan saw him , en tor tbe kitchen of the inn, and the 1 ragged b ard had been trimmed, the sitiiM' slnush hat was on his head drawn ' almost over the peculiar restlesa eyea, and the sinister /expression whioh even the portion of/^ho face exposed gave could not be m/t taken. 'That is the murderer, and our time haacome.; Ijtruat we may not be too late.' A oonl table whom Edwards knew waa ataudin(fclow4o him as he apoke, and he beckSbed to him . ' Do you want to make £500, Wells ? he asked. ' \ ?Of aout^e I do/was the response. ' Then there stands Oarl Jensen, the New Norfolk murderer, and the man wbo killed Williams. We will give you a hand. /There isn't a moment to be lost. Ciime on.' The official bad the most implicit trust in Bdipirds, and when be looked upon the strange figure whioh had been so accurately described, he aaw at once that the men were probably right in their surriiise, and be joined them in elbowing hiB way through the surging crowd to the apot where Jensen stood. They had not reached him when ahosrae cry arose. This was the tignal that the condemued man was being led out, and at this sound Jensen turned quickly, when a strong blast of wind blew off bis hat and re vealed tbe fatal diagonal acar and the bare bald pate. ' Put up your hands, Oarl Jensen,' cried the constable, and almost instantly the three men surrounded him with pretunted pistols. For an instant he glared round like a wild beast meditating a spring, but at he saw the utter useless ness of an attempt at escape, his stolidity returned, and he murmured ' the game's op,' and quiBtly submitted to be band cuffed. John Southey at the moment was being led up the ladder to the scaffold, and, with the exception of a few people in the immediate vicinity of the arreat, none knew that it had been carried oat. ' Don't let that innocent man hang, Jensen. It can make no diflerence to you, and will taVB him if- you confess. Bee, they are putting the rope round his neck. Won't you stop tbe butchery V cried Edwards. 'No, of course I'll not do so. Why should I ? Very likely they'll be a crowd gsping at me in the same way shortly. Oh, no ;1 want to aee the fun,' replied Jenaen with a low Itiugb. Finding tbat entreatiea were of no avail, Edwarda made his way to the scaffold, at which no less a personage than thecivilcommandsntof Launceston was standing, and in a few seconds told that .iffioial tbat Jensen had been cap tuted, and tbat he was undoubtedly the real murderer of Williams, though he would not confess. ' I can do nothing, Edwards, even if be did confess. 1 hsve no power to stop an execution, and as we have no proof that Jensen is tbe murderer, the execu tion must proceed.' As he finished he gave tbe fatal signal, and the wretched Soutbey was seut to his doom amidst the roar of the crowd. 'Take this ruffian away and don't let bim gloat over bis last murder,' cried Edwarda paaaionately aa lie went btck to where the constable, with Keenan and Walsh, had the murderer in custody. By this time Bouthey was dead, and looking at the swinging body, Jensen said : ' Well, I 4,id kf ' Williams, I may tell you. They oan't bang me for thstcrime, anyway.' 'He was hurried to the lock-up, and shortly after, under a strong guard, was taken to Hobart Town, where he was tried and condemned to death for the murder of liis wife. On the day pre ceding hiB execution, uhich took place on the 2nd November, 1846, he made a ' short oonfesaion to the effect that Duffy, Worrall, and himaelf were engaged in extensive robberies in the New Norfolk district. His wife threatened to inform, and he killed her and went to Worrall's. They had long been suspicious of Duffy, and they decided to rid themselves of his presence, which they did by killing him in hiB sleep with a blow on the head. They put the body into the Derwent River, and after UBing the boat to get across, they overturned it. With a considerable sum of money in their possession, and two well-atocked swaps. thev kent alone the verge of settlement until they came near the Mersey settlement, where Jensen had a staunch friend. The money was given him, and then the two men agreed to take to the buBh for a lime as the safeBt. The settler friend arranged to pay periodical visits with food to a certain point. Going back, near Mount Valen tine, the retreat was discovered, which MeBley found, and the life juBt i-uited Jensen. Worrall, however, got tired of it, aud frightened that if he went back alone he would reveal the aecret of Jensen's hiding-place in the hope of getting a pardon, Jensen decided to kill him. An altercation look place one day near the big tree, and Jensen choked hiB comrade to death at itB base. A sheet of bark waa placed on Ihe body, and then the idea of leaving hiB photo, with it occurred to him. When the survey party came along he waB delighted to find that they had made the discovery be wished for, and it was ho Who stole the food, clothes, and newspaper. The latter told him of the success of bis ruse, and fearing that liis retreat might be discovered, he decided to go back lo his friend's place. This he did, but shortly after, Ihrough Williams and Sutherland, he was again being Bo&glit; for, and he decided to have revenge on the constable. Hia friend gave bii' all the nccessary information, and he carried out his purpose but too well. To tho cud he stuadfanlly refused j to give tho namo of ;he settler who befriended the assassin, though the man waa'Btroiigly suspected. ' Well, Keenan,' said Dr. Sutherland the day after Jensen's cunfeBsion was known, 'your ghoat waa a pretty sub stantial one.' ' Well, yes, sir, but its appearance meant death all the aame, for poor John Soutbey was Ihe victim,' came the reply. Tue End. 