WHITSUNDA Y SERVICES. ST. JOHN'S CATHEDRAL. The services at St. John's Cathedral yesterday were of the festival character suitable to Whitsunday. They opened with early celebrations of the Holy Communion, one of which was in Chinese, and was attended by a Chinese congregation. At 10.30 there was full choral matins and holy communion. The Bishop of the diocese was the celebrant. The service was rendered to Torns's setting in F. In the evening the Cathedral was taxed beyond its accommodation by an overflowing congregation, and the service throughout was marked by unusual impressiveness and dignity. The anthem was " O, Holy Ghost," a composition of great musical refinement, which was rendered with much taste by the choir. The canticles were rendered to Gadsby's striking setting in C. This was sung with much spirit and effect. The sermons at both morning and evening services were preached by the Right Rev. Bishop-Coadjutor Dr. Stretch. The offertories, which were very large, were devoted to the Church Society, the diocesan agency for promoting the cause of Home Missions. Yesterday the morning and evening services at Trinity Church, Fortitude Valley, were conducted by Canon Eva, of Maryborough, who has exchanged pulpits with the Rev. J. Spooner for two Sundays. The sermons were of a very impressive nature, and appropriate to Whitsunday. Holy communion was celebrated both at 8 and 11 a.m. A children's service was held in the afternoon, which was well attended, and at which Canon Eva gave a suitable address. The subjects of the canon's sermons next Sunday will be notified in the Press. At all the Anglican churches special services were held, and particular reference was made to the great festival of Pente- cost as the birthday of the Church, and the day on which was given the glorious gift of the Holy Spirit, exceeded in great- ness only by that of the Son of God Himself The churches were tastefully decorated, and large congregations attended. The Rev. C. A. Hutchinson, vicar of St. Peter's, West End, and of St. Philip's, Thompson Estate, has had placed in the sanctuary of St. Philip's two handsome banners, the gift of Mr. T. W. Connah. These are of white sateen, with appropriate emblems, the entire work being most artistically executed by Mr. T. H. Norris. At St. Michael and All Angels, the Rev. Walter Thompson, vicar, preached. 