iiwm™ **? lA.TaiWBrTfermtoH^iBliing) : ' Only ihii'k. Josh Johnson has bin going out with ?Bally Simpson for nigh fouiteen years, au1 lliey hain't married yit ! ' MraJfacmec SjKaniDxoot (iodignatly): 'Yes lud IffiioMbaHolMbn wants to be ploguey careful and git a move od him, or she'll right up and jilt him I You can't trifle mucb with them Simpson gale, let me tell yew I ' Puck. Willie Strull was playing with tbe Timbs -'*$pAeMoVt y3dtrtow tboWre&d; btfys for you to play with? ' VffesMqWwt.^aid Willie, ' I know that, butaheSfFem'-te^od boy for them to play with.' Miss Rosebud (to her brother) : 'What do you think is tbc best colour for a bride, Jack 2 ' t . . - 1 ? i ? i it' Judk: 'I Will/IBori'i fcn6w mucii abobtliU, but for myself I should prefer a white one, She (at tbe desk) : ' Daar, please tell me how to spell coBtume. I'm writing lo mother about my lovely new gown.' He : ' Well, are you ready ?' ' She: 'Yes.' ' ? He : 'Co-s-.t, cost ? ' She: 'Yes?' ? He : 'T-u-to ? ' She : ' Well ?' . , He : ' M-e, m»— £7, as yet unpaid.' She : ' You're a wretch.' Patent Medicine Man : ' I don't know Whether to publish this testimonial or not:' His Partner : ' What is it ? ' Patent Medicine Man (reads): 'Your cough syrup has been used with woadaiful success on my boy, aged ten. He confesses that he would rather go to school any time than take your preparation.' Editor's Wife : ' Poor baby's circulation iE very bad, John.' Editor (absent- mindedly) : ' Strange 1 He advertises himself well, too I ' Actor : 'I can't imagine how D'Art manages to get such favourable notices from the dramatic critics.' Journalist : ' Perhaps he acts well.' Actor: 'By Jibke! I never thought of that.' 'Don't you think, Mr. Brigbside, that lying is tbe ugliest, of all vices ? ' ' Well, I can't say I think it the prettiest; but at least it's tbe best thing we have dis covered yet when we don't want to tell tbe truth.' Mrs. Vanderbeek : ' This dress cost me many sleepless nights.' Mrs. Dyer: 'How was that? ' Mrs. Vanderbeek : ' I bad to wait until Henry was asleep1 before I cod.13 go through his Dockets.' A Young man while out bunting for his father's pig, acoosfcd an Irishman as follows: ' Have you seen a stray pig about here? ' 'Fail ! how could I tell a stray pig from any other ?' Tommy, what did Isay I'd de to you if you touched that jam again?' ' Why that's funny1 ma, (hat you should forgot too ! Tm blowed if I can remember!' A Scottish minister innocently, annouced from his pulpit : 'During the week I shall visit all members of tbc congregation at the. north end of the town, embracing also tbe servant-maids.' Gerald : ' If you don't marry me I shall go lo the dogs.' Geraldine: ?' You won't have to go far. There's one waiting for you at the gate.' Magistrate:' Tbe assault you have com mitted on your poor young wife is a most brutal one. Do you know of any reason why I should not send you to prison ?' Prisoner: 'If you do, your honour, it will break up our honeymoon.' A well known statesman, visiting at the house of his afternoon a certain bishop, atktd for a kiss from the host's bonny blue eyed, flaxen-haired daughter, who was handing him some bread-and-butter at afli rnoon tea in the drawing-room. No,' said tbe child, ' I won't tiss'oo '' Why ?' be asked, smiling. To the amazement of the other guests, the child cried: ' Cause my nurse says 'oo is ruining the country ! ' Tableau ! ' That new advertisement writer is no good.' 'Why?' ' Here's an advertisement which he wrote of our famous Natural Mintral Spring Water, and at the bottom it says, 'Address the manufacturers.' ' Teacher : ' What do you understand by inBomnia?' Pupil : ' That's when people etay awake all night trying to go to sleep.' ' I gave that poor man some money aad told him not to Bay a word. I'm sorry I did so now.' ' Why, dear ?' ' The ungrateful vretch didn't.' ' I found a tribe in Africa,' said the ex plorer, ' that had absoluely no idea of morality or immorality.' ' That's interesting,' said tbe mild lunatic ; ' but what did they do for plays ?' ' Fitz-Cooper is 4 blose-fisted landlord.' ' Close-fisted ? If he owned a haunted house he would get a spiritual medium to Calient tbe rent from the ghost.' i Little Waldo: 'Uncle, what is a dyspeptic?' ' Old Uncle Grout : ' A dyspeptic is a person with an optimistic appetite and « pessimists . digestion.' ' Most every woman thinks Bhe will make a hero of the man she marries.' 'Well,' I don't know about' that, bat ;sbe generality teaches him .the first duty of a soldier at least.' ' / '?? 