MRS. PEX XDAD [BY BSIDNY LUSKA.] CHAPTER III.--(Conainued.) 'Who was that- what's his name ? -the second of her viotime ?' inquired Arthur. 'Oh, Bolen- Edward Bolen. He was UncleBarney's coachman. After the old boy got married, and retired from business, he set up a team, and undertook to be aristocratic. The theory was that when ha and she began rowing that night, Bolen attempted to step in between them, and that she just reminded him of kis proper place with an ounce of lead. She never was tried for his murder. I suppose her acquittal in the case of Uncle Barney made the authoritioes think it wouldn't pay to try her again. Everybody said it was an internal outrage for her to go free; but be tween you and me-and mam'c the word-I was real glad of it. Not that she hadn't ought to have been punished for shooting her husband. But to have locked up her confound edly pretty face out of sight in a prison-that would have been an in fernal outrage, and no mistake. As for hanging her, they'd never have hanged her, anyhow-not even if the jury had convicted. ButI don't mean to say that she was innocent. Sano r Well, you never saw a saner woman. She knew what she was about better than you and I do now.' 'How do you account for the murder ? What motive do you ad sign ?' 'Most everybody said "money " claimed that she went deliberately to work and killed the old man for his money. Some few thought there must be another man at the bottom of it that she had a paramour who put her up to it. But they didn't know her. She had a hot temper; but, as far as men were concerned, she was as cool as a Roman punch. My own notion is that she did it in a fit of passion. He irritated her somehow, and she got mad and let fire. You see, I re collect the way she glared at me that time. Savage was no word for it. If she'd a gun in her hand my life wouldn't have been worth that'-and Mr. Rimo snapped his fingers. ' I must say you have contrived to interest me in her. I shall be glad when I have an opportunity of seeing her with my own eyes. 'Well, you take my advice. When you've found out her where abouts, don't go too close, as they tell the boys at the menagerie. She's as vicious as they make them, I don't deny it. But she's got a won derful fascination about her, notwith standing, and if she it t • it worth her while, she old . n around her finger like a hair, . or know she'd done it. I wish - " the best possible luck.' Mr. Rime rose, shook hands, moved off. Arthur's dreams that night were haunted by a wild, fierce, Medusa- like woman's face. , At his office, next morning, the first object that caught his eye was the black, leather-bound scrap book that Peixada had given him yesterday. It lay where he had left it, on his desk. Beginning by listlessly turning the pages, he gradually became interested in their contents. I shall have to beg the reader's attention to an abstract o~f Mrs. Peixada's trial, before my story can be completed; and I may as well do so now. The prosecution set out logically by establishing the fact of death. A sur goan testified to all that was essential in this regard. The second witness was ono Patrick Martin. I coopy his testimony word for word from the columns of the 2No York ~ Daily Gasoete. ' Mr.. Martin,' began the distriot attorney, ' what is your bueines ?' ' I am a merchant, sir.' 'And the commodities in which you deal are-?' 'Ales, wines, and liquors, your honor ?' 'At retail or wholesale ?' 'Both, sir; but mostly retail.' ' Where is your store situated, Mr. Martint?' 'On the southwest corner of Eighty-fifth Street sud Ninth Avenue.' ' Was the residence of the deceased, Mr. Bernard Poixada, near to your place of business ?' S'It was, air--on the next block.' ' What block? How is the block bounded ?' 'The block, sir, is bounded by Eighty-fifth and Eighty-sixth Streets, and Ninth and Tenth Avenues, your honor.' 'Many houses on that block ?' 'None, your honor; only the house of the deceased. That stands on the top of a hill, back from the street, with big grounds around it.' 'Had Mr. Peixada lived there long ?' S Bince the let of May, this year.' ,, Now, Mr. Martin, do you remem ber the night of July 30th ?' 'Faith, I do, sir; and I'llI not soon forget it.' ' Good. Will you, then, as clearly and as fully as you can, tell the court and jury all the circumstances that combine to fix the night of July 30th in your memory ? Take 'your time, speak up loudly, and look straight at the twelfth juryman.' 'Well,'sir, one that night, toward 2 o'clock the next morning- (Laughter' among the auditors; speedily repressed by the court at tendants. 'Don't be disceocerteri, Mr. Martin. On the morning of July l31st ? 'The same, sir. On that morning, at about two o'olook, I was outside in the street, putting the shutters over the windows of my store. While I was doing it, your honor, it seemed to me that I heard a noise-very weak and far away- like as if some one-a woman, or it might be a child-was erying out. I stopped for a moment, ear, and listened. Sure enough, I heard a voice-so faint you'd never have known it from the wind, except by sharpening your ears-I heard a voice, coming down the hill from the low's house over the way. I couldan't make out no words, but it was that thin and screechy that " Certain," says I to 'myself, "that old felley there is up to some mischief, or my name's not Patsy Martin." Woll, after I had got done with the shutters, I went into the house by the family entrance, and says I to my wife, "Thero's a woman yelling in the house on the hill," says I. "What of that ?" says she. "Maybe I'd better go up," says I. "You'd better be after coming to bed and minding your business," says she. "It's most likely a way them heathen have of amusing themselves," says she. But "No," says I. "Bome one's in distress," says I; "and I guess the best thing I can do will be to light a lantern and go along up," says I. So my wife, your honor, she lights the lantern for me, and, "Dam minus take 'em," says she, to wish me good luck; and oil I started, across the street, through the gate, and up the waggon-road that leads to Peirada's house. Meanwhile, your honor, the screaming had stopped. Never a whisper more did I hear; and thinks I to myself, "It was onily my imagination," thinks I-when whist ! All of a sudden, not two fooeet away from me, there in the road, a voice calls out "Help, help." The devil take me, I thought I'd jump out of my skin for fright, it came so unex pected. But I raised my lantern all the same, and cast a look around ; and there before me on the ground, I seen an object which, as true as gospel, I took to be a ghost until I recognised it for Mrs. Poixada-the lady that's sitting behind you, sir-the lJew's wife, herself. There she lay, kneel ing in front of me; and when she seen who I was, ' Help, for God's sake, help," says she, for all the world like a Christian. I know right away that something wrong had happened, from herscaredfaceandbigstaring eyes; and besides; her bare feet and the white rag she wore in the place of a decent dress-' At this point considerable sensation was created among the audience by the prosecuting attorney, who, inter rupting the witness and addressing the court, remarked, 'Tour honor will observe that the prisoner has covered her face with a veil. This is a piece of theatricalism against which I must emphatically protest. It is, moreover the jury's prerogative to watch the prisoner's physiognomy, as the stery of her crime is told.' Recorder Hewitt ordered the pri soner to remove her veil. ' Go on, Mr. Martin,' said thoe prose. cuter to the witness. ' Well, sir, as I was saying, there I seen Mrs. Peixada, half crouching and half sitting there in the road. And when I got over the start she gave me, " Excuse me, ma'am," says I, "but didn't I hear you hollering out for help ?" " Faith, you did," says she. "Well, here I am, ma'am," says I; " and now, will you be kind enough to inform me what's the trouble ?" says I. "The trouble ?" says she. "The trouble is that there's two men kilt up at the house, that's what's the trouble," says she. "Kilt ?" says I. "Yes, shot,"' sanys she. "And who shot them ?" says I. "Myself," says she. "Mother o' CGod'!" says I. "Well," says she, "won't you be after going up to the house and trying to help the poor wrotches ?" says she. "I don't know but I will," says I. And on up the road to the house I went. . The front door, your honor, was open wide, and the gas blazsing at full head within. I ran up the steps and through the vestibil, and there in the hall I seen that what Mrs. Peixada had said was the truest word she ever spoke in her life. Old Peixada, he lay there on one side,. as dead as sour beer, with blood all around him; and on the other side lay Mr. Bolen-whom I knew well, for he was a good customer of my own, your honor-more dead than the Jew, if one might say so. I, sir, I just remained long enough to cross myself and whisper, "God have meorcy on them; and then off I went to call an officer. On the way down the hill, I passed Mrs. Peixada again; and this time she was laying out stiff in the road, with her eyes closed and hei month open, like she was in a fit. She had nothing on but that white gown I spoke of be fore; and very elegant she looked, your honor, fiat there, like a corpse.' Again the district attorney stopped the witness. ' Your honor,' he said, 'I must again direct' your attention to the irregular conduct of the prisensr. She has now turned her back to the jury, and covered her face with her hnnds. This is merely a method of evading the injunction which your honor saw dt to impose upon her with respect to her veil. I must insist upon her displaying her full face to the lury.' Mr. Sondheim, of counsel for the defendant: " If the Court please, it. strikes me that my learned brother is really a trile too exacting. I can cer tainly see no objection to my client's holding her hands to her face. Oea sideringthe painfulness ofhersituation, it is no more than natural that she should desire to shield her face. I must beg the Court to remember that this prisoner is no ordinary criminal, but a lady of refined and sensitive instincts. A little indulgence, it seems to me, is due to her on account of her sex.' The district-attorney: 'The pri soner had better understand once for all that her sex isn't going to protect her in this prosecution. The law is no respecter of sex, As for her re fined and sensitive instincts, if she has any, I advise her to put them into her pocket. This jury has too much good sense to be affected by any ex hibition that she may make for their benefit. I submit the matter to the Court's good judgment.' The recorder : ' Madam, you will turn your chair toward the jury, and keep your face uncovered.' The district-attorney: 'Well, Mr. Martin, what next?' The witness: 'Well, air, I hurried along down as fast as ever I could, and stopped at my own place just long enough to tell my wife what had hap pened, and to send her up to Mrs. Peixada's with a bottle of spirits to bring her around. Then I went to the station-house, and informed the gentleman at the desk of the state of affairs. Him and a couple of officers came back with me; and they, your honor, took charge of the proemises, and-and that's all I know about it.' Martin was not cross-examined. Police Sergeant Riley, sucnoceeding him gave an account of the prisoner's arrest, and of her subsequent de meanour at the station-house. 'The lady,' said he,' appeared to be unable to walk-leastwise, she limped all the way with great diffioulty. We thought she was shamming, and treated her accordingly. But afterwards it turned out that she had a sprained ankle.' She had answered the formal ques. tione-namo ? age ? residece ?--in full; and to the inquiry whether she desired to mak'e any statement or remark relative to the charge pre ferred against her, had replied, 'Nothing, except that I shot them beth- Bernard Peixada and Edward Bolen.' They had locked her up in the captain's private room for the rest of the night; and the following meorn ing she had been transferred to the Tombs. The next witness was Miss Ann Doyle.. . (2b be sanknued). 