LOAN CONSOLIDATION. ^i^sor's fables tell of a terrific battle between tbe lion an 1 the bear for the carcase of a fawn. D iriag Cite strife, the fox, quietly resting behind the friendly shade of an adjacent bush, awaited the issue witii crafty foresight. After a prolonged and fierce tursle, both the Hon and bear fell exhausted to earth, unable to continue the fight, or erea to rai^e themselves on their lega. This was the cliaace for which reynard had so patiently waited. He stepped forth from his biding place, and trotted off with the luscious booty over which the two kings of the forest had fought so bitterly. The fublebas its moral. It also has its application, and in no more apt or fitting manner than by the municipal fight Which is waxing hotter every day that brings us nearer Ibe elections. Tbe battle ia 'the Council Chamber, which has raged be tween the two parties named the 4 Reform* and the 'Old Brigade/ has left both attackers and defenders partially breath less and exhausted. Meanwhile the crafty fox, with a glittering optic upon the possible booty, has been keeping silent watch, and now steps forth with tbe intention of trotting off with th© incalculable prize of public estima. tion and approval, for which the combatants have fought so fiercely. This reynardssque party, known as the 'Citizens* Reform Committee/ and which is really that body cum tbe 'Chamber of Commerce* cum the 1 Mer chants and Traders' Assignee Corporation, ' has now.&8suined all the crafty insolence of tbe fox in the fable, but, the better to check their insidious intention, have started forth their, nominees with a parrot cry about* consolidation of the municipal loans. The people are not, as a rule, very slow to detect springs to catoh woodcocks ; butin'BGoh a complex question as that of a city's internal and external finance, they are obviously and naturally at a disadvan tage when confronted with its mazes and involutions. Their time is too fully occu pied in tbe struggle for existence to leave them any margin for the consideration of such subtleties. They therefore pay ex perts to do the work for them. But when ever the coterie of recognised experts disagree upon vital points, and wrangle upon the problems of their calling, the people may well wonder where to look for finality amid the confusing din. Therefore, to attempt to confuse, end consequently bamboozle, the electors at this p&rtioular; juncture, assumes all the dark .designing of a Tammany Ring, and, ohould be re sented by nobody bo vigorously as by tbe people themselves. The issues of tbe present struggle are as clear as high noon. They are simply Progress, v. Stagnation, or in plainer terms Honesty v. Boodle. And it is to the end of dispersing. the. iin- impending mists that may settle upon and clond these issues by all this claptrap flap doodle about loan consolidation that this article is specially direoted to publio at tention. Fortunately the question of the con solidation of the city loans, is one that may be stripped of all confusing terms or technical illustrations. ' But to make .it perfectly clear a start must be made frem tbe actual, not the theoretic, beginning. Without going into details the facts are as follow:— » The citizens, through their accredited representatives, the aldermen, owe a certain number of hundreds of thousands of pounds. This has been raised upon tbe security of the Council** proper ties, and iB spread over numerous tenders — say for the sake of argument, twenty. It has not all been borrowed at the same time. One sum has been borrowed now, another then, and so on. Tbe rate' of interest has not always been the same. One lean pays so much per cent, another so much less, another so touch more. The term of tbe loans has not always been the same. Qne amount has been lent for 10 years, another for 15 years and so on. So that it can be readily seen that there &T6; many different conditions surrounding each particular portion of the aggregate loan to tho Counci{. The supposititious case set forth in the subjoined table will help to illustrate tiie above facts j j'\Vhuu llfT/itftte 0f in., Len- Jer's Amounl] Date. | juinbl . | tarest. | Name. lAOlJ.lauv. 1SW1 'an'-, llOOis cur edit'.! Thompson .'?/Oivhioi'., Ifo'.i.Uir, .. iJcliUfcou Hi'.niJuuj. lSjiMnue. I'M .-?*.» «mUU K'ti GO.'! Iiiuc 1 -SOL June, 1'1 4 „ '.Intun .vj, ujMaiiv. i.-f.i: fa-y. itwa.^.. !Uo!jmsPn Xow, taking the above supposititious table as a basis, it will be seen that the amounts, periods, and rates per cent, all vary. Take Smith's loan. The Council contracts with liiui to borrow his £15,000 for 20 years at 5A per cent. The excel lence of the securitv, combined with ilio sat-' isfuctory length uf the term (lor lenders look for long terms of investment), led him to lend the money at percent.,' when, at the time, scarcity of money made it worth (^, Similar considerations caused Thomp son, Johnson, Jones, and llobinson to lend their different aiuouats to the Council. The average term of these five loans is years., and the average rate per jScefit, Aii those points being cieaf, the 'consolidation question may now- be con sidered. ? The total amount-of tho above-cited five loans is £22j,000. Ir, is now proposed to consolidate them — that is to i^ay, to get one single man or company , to lend the Council that amount so 'that Thompson, Johnson and the . others uiay be paid back their loans immediately, and thus tho Council have only one creditor instead of five. Say, for the sake of argument, : a mun . or company is found roi ly to take up tiie £22 j,U00. It is clear that he wi 1 lend it at tho cur rent — that is, the rate of interest ruling to-day in the world's money market. Say ti . at rale is -U per cent. The council enters into & contract with tbe man or company, and the £225,000 is lodged in the council treasury. Tiie next step is to pav off Thompson and the others. Now of the five loaders four are receiving a rate of interest greater than they can get for their money to- da}'. Will they be likely to take back their money out of so good an investment, and bo forced to seek a fresh one. when it is already laid-out at & premium rate of return 'i Js it likely ? They will immediately shelter themselves behind their contracts, and, if the Council insists upoQ paying them off, they can in turn insist upon boin,r paid the interest on their money for the unexpired period for which they lent it to tho Council. What would this mean? It would mean an itu Couocil would be forced to pay for the useless and latuous operation of taking A for a creditor instead of IB. it is a brilliant business proposal, forso Hh ! A perfect Huhsciuldian scheme of finance! One, indeed, that is enough 10 make dear departed Dizzy submerge his ghost in the Su.-z Canal. This is the main reason in bulk and ob stinacy against the fatuous proposal. There are others. Money is ever Huctu&t-; iug. Human affairs are ever changing. With a progressive policy of management, it is unlikely that the Council's affairs will always be in the state of disruption which characterises them today. Presumably the Council's assets will increase in value with time Therefore, with economical management, the possession t of a steady cash balance of £l(.)J,OOJ should be no idle dream to the city fathers. Soeatrenched they could watch their opportunity and hid.- their* time, and when the, money mark'.t. in on - ol! its spasms, became 6t; 'agent, the Council could offer Thomp son or Jones, or one or all, their money back, and the chances are that they would gladly avail themselves of the offer. Agiiin, recurrence of liability is ever a safeguard. .It means lime. Many a man or institution would be busied if called upon to pay everything up in one lump. But if the liability is spread over long intervals there is every opportunity given for provision of the debt. And the Council s affairs are no different, in any way, from those of a private concern, and the natural l&ws; and operations that control them control it, and are equally binding. Without going profoundly into the remoter operations of finance, or .without tracing the internal subtleties of big* dealings, enough has been said to show that the idea of loan consolidation (so-far as Sydney's Municipal loans are con cerned) is a delusion and a snare. It is firstly impracticable. It would be un profitablei It would be a gross. error of administration. And it were as. well that tbe j'ackpudding praters upon this ques tion should be made aware of these facts. The burden of ordinary affairs is quite sufficient for most i&telli; ences, and it is not until they attempt to deal with such complex questions as this that they are dragged from their assumed ca-iog of Hon hide, and stand revealed in all their braying assininity. 