OUR LONDON LETTER Fbom oue ovns Coehestoxdext. London. September 9. Anglo-Eoyptian Triumph. The fanatic freak of Mahdism has been crushed, the Khalifa is fleeing ignominiously from the wrath that has come, and the British and Egyptian flags float proudly over Khartoum. Thus the murder of heroic Gordon and his brave companions has been avenged at last, and the military part of the re-conqnest of the Soudan' been accom plished. Tho victory was decisive, and only the capture of the Khalifa is wanted to make ; it complete. His vast arm}', led by himself j to battle iu proud array and 'confident of, triumph, was ruthlessly scattered in ft few! hours, despite the splendid valour which it is admitted by all it displuved. The moral effect of the battle, by its fulfilment of i Gordon's warniug, and by the awful slaughter I of tho ''faithful," will be very, great] throughout the Soudan, and will facilitate! tho work that remuius yet to be done. Tho occupation of Khartoum, too, will relievo tho British people both at home and abroad of a great anxiety, and at the same time exert a wholesome influence iu other than Arab quarters, where a little more clearness of apprehension and a-'little less offensive self assertion are desirable. \- Fosces of CrvxrusiTioy. ~ I notice that some people account for the vic tory. in a very remarkable way. They ascribe the total overthrow and great destruction of the dervishes to the direct intervention of Providence in order - to signally avenge the death of Gordon. There seems to me to be something not only very fanatical and un healthy, bnt even blasphemous about this kind of talk. .The terrible slaughter of the Der vishes was the result of the superior weapons, discipline, and generalship of their opponents. The fanatics came on, upon open ground, in a dense mass, aud; they were simply mown down by the artillery, the Maxim guns, and the magazine rifles of the British soldier.-*, before they themselves could get- within striking distance. Yet, with heroic courage they struggled on to within 200 or 300 yards of the British .troops, but nearer than that few of them over came. Between then? and " the forces of civilisation " there was a space oyer which nothing liviug could pass. The modern weapons, iu trained and disciplined hands, were irresistible; they literally tore the poor creatures to pieces with the storm of bullets. In the open,' the Dervishes had not the ghost of a-^chunce, and in quitting his fortifications the Khalifa mude a fatal mis take. These are ihe reasons why the British and Egyptian losses wore comparatively so slight. The charge of the 21st Lancers showed what terrib:e djimage tho Dervishes might have inflicted if they had been able to get at close quarters. The Egyptian and Soudanese were not armed with the repeating rifle, and that cxpluins why. the Dervishes gotnearer to them than to the English troops; but even the Martini, in cool'and sure hands, could stop the frightful.rushes of the devoted | Huhdist*. The - slaughter unquestionably ' was horrible, and one cannot help a feeling of ] regret for the poor misguided Arabs, but the ] punishment was necessary in order to crush i effectually one of the vilest and most blight- J ing oppressions that ever afflicted a helpless people. ■ " Is Britain's Woes F»-ished? ; The political part of tho undertaking will ] now become most prominent: and impor- j tant, and it will demand no less toot, | foresight, and -firmuess than the . military operationabave done. Difficulties that have ; been dormant for a time will ugain bo aroused into activity, perhaps will bo asserted with increased force. Some of the continental papers—French especially—are in a~ great hurry to anticipate events. They talk as if. with the occupation of Khartoum, our .work in Egypt was all but finished, and hare already begun to speculate on our imminent evacuation of the country. Why, not the least arduous and delicate part of the work involved in the rc-couqucst of tho Soudun— to speak of nothing else—has yet to be done in tho organisation and administration of the provinces, and in reviving their industrial prosperity. How far Englaud may have to push forward south towards Uganda, or towards Kassala on tho south-east of Khar toum, will depend wholly on circumstances, but we may at least mnko pure that she will not stop now until she has secured full con trol of the Nile and of'its sources in Central Africa. A British line of communication from Cairo to the Capo is not a chimera, after all. Czab's Peace Pboposais. Further consideration of the Czar's dis armament proposal brings out more clearly tho difficulties that will have to be encoun tered in trying to carry it into effect. Regarding the matter from" a personal point of viexy, ull tho nations honour tho Emperor I for his courage, his sincerity, and his good incss of purpose, uud they are equally I unanimous in admitting that if that purpose could be achieved it would be a blessing to mankind. But the Governments of the nations have- to* look at tho question from uuother standpoint They havo to separate the personal and sentimental from the political and practical. Sovereigns, ye know, have great power, but they ore not able—not even the autocrat of all tho Russias —to change the settled policy of nations in a day. Experience^ constrains us to compare the aspirations of the circular with tho policy and apparent aims of official Russia, and to ask how far the one is consistent with ihe other. -In the.far cast.for instance. .Itis not possible .to carry .on an aggressive policy and inspire foreign trust in your peaceful protcnsions at the same time. Russia's Attitude in the East. ,' The'recent actioiTof Russia in China has affected other nations besides Great Britain, but-look at her'attitude , towards ourselves alone in the far east, and the openly expressed viows of her official and military men with regard to India, and can it fairly be said that all this is consistent with the spirit of the manifesto? It is shown, moreover, to be vitally to the interest of Russia at the present time'to rest and retrench;- in fact, that whether other nations .do so or not, she will bo compelled to adopt that course to avoid a serious financial crisis. For the present, however, the various Governments have pro ceeded. no farther than to formally acknow ledge the receipt of the circular, and to ex press in general tennis their approval of its object. No step for convening a conference can be taken for some time yet. The Powers have first t* carefully exchange views on the subject, and we cau form some idea of what that means in diplomatic routine. Russia Must Take the Leap. Ono thing an which public opinion generally is agreed, jndginjr from articles in the home and foreign Press, is that if any practical result is really to come of the Emperor's message, Russia will bare to take the lead in the work of disarmament. There are many delicate and intricate points that will have'to be internationally considered in order that in any scheme of general disarmament—if tile proposal should ever lead so far—one nation may not be placed at a disadvantage as com pared with another. For instance, here is one illustration; -It has been significantly pointed out'that Russia might disarm, and yet by pushing forward the system of strategic railways upon which she has entered, and which she could plausibly represent as a peaceful work in her internal development, might thus greatly strengthen her military position in regard to certain other nations: Still, the tone adopted throughout Europe warrants the hope that in duo time a serious effort will be made to bring about a con ference, and with that hope we must remain satisfied for a time. Cbetan Question Again. That vexed old Cretan question is to the front again. Grave events have occurred this week, and we shall have that funny and eccentric body or institution, known as 44 The Concert of Europe," fussing about once more. Over and over again it has been urged on the Powers," most persistently by the British Press, that as long as this question remains unsettled a great danger to peace is kept smouldering, which might at any moment, buretintoaconflagration. But the warning has | been disregarded. The 44 Concert" has allowed ! things to slide, and the natural result has followed. Never was a stranger combination devised by 44 the wit of man" to accomplish a given purpose than the 4' concert of Europe" to settle the Cretan question, and never was there one which made "itself more contemptible by failure.. Neither argument, warning, uor ridiculo has been able to spur it into serious .action. .The . evils -which the Powers intervened jlo.: prevent, -which, caused the-war-between .Greece- and. Turkey,-. and.| which continue so bitterly .to oppress ■ Chris tians and Mahometans alike, have' been allowed to go on in the very presence of their representatives, the t4 concert.""* .During the past month or two things havo seemed to he. going on more quietly, but-the fact is-that public attention has been diverted from Crete to other matters. The danger, has not been a whit less active. _ ', • ... . OUTBBEAE AT'ClNDIA. Consequently, the news of the Mahometan outbreak at Candia two days ago burst upon Europe like a bomb, and brought home to the various Governments astern reminder of the peril they had been nursing with 6uch foolish apathy. Uufortuuately the immediate effects of the revolt fell upon our brave soldiers and sailors; no fewer than 20 being killed and 60 or TO wounded in the first onset. It is im possible not to sympathise, in this instance at any rate,' with the Mahometans, as well as with the Christians. Their sufferings havo been cruelly intensified by the continued state of unsettlement in the island, until a conditiou-of things was brought about -in Candia that was no longer I bearable. These poor people, remember, have' i been driven into the towns for safety ana : shelter. The bulk of them are tillers of the' soil, and cannot do anything else for a living.' They have lost all they possessed in their villages, and consequently have had to endure extreme privation. Talk of protecting the ; people and maintaining order, the aupineness' I of the 44concert" has been a scaudal to the I world, and a disgrace to civilisation. Better by- far the Powers had left the poor people to fight' out their deliverance for themselves. The immediate cause of the outbreak was the levying of a new tax. The latest iiows is still moro serious. Eight hundred Christians in Candia had been massacred, and the town set on fire and looted by the Boshi-Bazouks, who are mainly responsible for the horrors. 'The conduct of theTurkish troops, it is stated. 1 was very bad. The Christians in the rest uf I the island are arming, and the Cretan Execu tive Committee have offiei;illy informed the admirals that in view of the massacres they cannot be responsible for the administration unless the Ottoman officials and troops are withdrawn. The admirals have decided to demand the disarming of the Bashi-Bazouks, and the surrender of the ringleaders by the Turkish authorities. There is no telling to what trouble and complications this revolt will lead. The Turkish soldiers fired on the British, and the fighting was heavy. British, French, and Italiau troops wore landed, and reinforcements started from Malta in a few hours aftor tho outbreak. All the cousu- ; lates were wrecked. Worse developments are feared, and the' immediate future is regarded i with much, anxiety. It-is significant that! only a fortnight ago Austria-Hungary with drew-fro ai the ."concert''*to mark"her sense of disapproval at the great delay in settling the whole question. Dreyfus Scandad. The Dreyfus affair has advanced another stage towards revision. If. Cavaignac, being unable to approve of the revision of the prisoner's case, even in presence of the recent disclosures, bas resigned bis office rather than be associated with the Government in con ceding it. General Zurlinden. the Military Governor of Paris, has taken his place. - All parties, however, have come to admit that revision only will put a stop to tho agitation, and the heads of the army now desire-to hasten it At the same time there is a mani fest dread in certain quarters of the conse quences of a full and open investigation. It is declared by officials that the disclosures will be certain to lead to war. For my own part I behove that fear to be very much exaggerated, if not groundless; but what ever the consequences they cannot be helped now. The responsibility for that must res upon those who permitted so informal and illegal a conviction of Dreyfus as to cause tho ~ demand for another - trial. All sorts of rumours are rife in Paris, and public feeling about the matter is in a very nervous and unsettled state. One rumour says there is a letter from the German Emperor among tho incriminating documents, and other letters showing that the Gerinau Embassy had grossly violated the obligations of international good' faith. Both statements are very improbable^ but thousands of people^believe' them to bo trne, and if only to clear away these dan gerous suspicions an open revision of the case is desirable. Whether or not, liberty, law, and justice demand it, and that fact should be enough for brave and enlightened France. Suicide of Colonel Henby. Very unsatisfactory comments are made also on the snicide of Colonel Henry. It has been publicly implied that he was urged to take his own life, and that opportunity wis given him to do so. Why? The . answer is obvious, of course. AnyBow, there are cir cumstances connected with his arrest that need some explanation. It is usual when an officer is placed under confinement to deprive him of everything that he might use for self destruction, and to place a guard ia the cell with him. When Colonel Picquart was arrested this was done, and even his boot laces were taken from him. Bnt Colonel Henry was allowed to take his razor into tho prison with him, he was lefe unguarded, and was permitted to bo alone with locked door 1 Moreover, it is affirmed that a certain staff officer paid him a'mysterious visit early cn the morning of his suicide. The unfortunate prisoner was then in a terrible state of mind to think he had done wrong ; for, strange to say, he had the notion that the forging of the letter was a meritorious act -to put an end to the agitation 1 -How. easy to convince a' sensitive man nnder such circumstances that, for his own safce, the best thing before him was snicide! Why ? I ask again. We are • told that the • forged letter must have • been the work . tJ a clever penman, whereas Colonel . Henry -cer tainly was not that. He-was, comparatively speaking, an uneducated man. Then he must have got someone to do the work for him. Who was that person ? Again, did he act on his own initiation, or in coilusion with others and superior officers ? Could he have made further disclosures? These questions are being asked. But dead men cannot speak. : All this, however, only shows the more- how i absolutely necessary a full and open publio trial bos become. .. . Cafe Elections. The Cape elections have goue. in favour of the Bond and against. Mr. Rhodes and the Progressives, aud as one resnlt of it you may shortly begin to . look for increased trouble with the. Transvaal. President Kroger is sure to regard tho result as a public sanction and approval of "Krngerism," and he-will push his repressive and ■ exclusive policy further than ever. Indeed, it would seem that he bas already begun, for it is reported that he has again threatened to closo one of the Hand drifts, the direct .effect' of which would bo to sacrifice much capital, throw many people out of employment, and discour age enterprise. In 1895 he gave a hint of doing the same thing, but the Colonial Office told him straight that if he did it would mean war. The old gentleman, notwithstanding his astuteness iu other directions, appears to have gone crazy with the idea that tho Transvaal is in dunger of being monopolised by " the Mammon of unrighteousness! ' He declares, to use his own expression, that " while he is President the country shall not be wholly devoted to the service and worship of Mammon," and there fore he would hamper, if not actually dose, the gold mines, and' drive away the miner, blind to the fact that the miner has contributed in no small degree to the prosperity the nation has recently eujoyed.. It is idle to reason with a man who holds such notions in these days. Mysterious hints are being cir culated, too, that the question of British suzerainty of the Transvaal will again be raised, and this time with an intention to openly repudiate it. Well, that is a question of another and much darker colour, though it 6trikcs tuo that if occasion arises, Mr. Chamberlain will have something very peremptory to say about both matters. The result of the elections is to be regretted in tho interests of South Africa as a whole, but it will not dishearten Mr. Rhodes, and it will not long delay redistribution of electoral power demanded by both justice and expediency. If the issue depended ou the number of votes aud the amount of ratiug represented, tho Progressives would even now havo a largo majority. Consequently it is only on an ex clusive suffrage that the Bond have secured a preponderance in the Chamber. : 