THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers poe. aessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the HIimalaya montains These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural lats alrl forces, whlich the rest of the world knows tuothir obohsut. Lately a German professor visited tbo "adepts," as these queer 1iindus are called, for the purpose of finding one the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scur vily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottomn of a well. " cant are Is read, bLre," iold the visitor. "Then we will hlle souse light," was the re ply, and iuimediately (the profenser ayre) ia soft Pearly light brightened the cave. Hle could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality-it cast not the slightest shadowo. This is a story hard to believe, yet its triutli Is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that'all th:e llght you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or un belief commonly runs parrallel with ohe's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the no-, count of theLiLibon carthqnakeyet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. "In the epring of ies8" writes our conres. pondent, "[fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low- spirited nd ot of sorts. At first md stomach was deranged, my, appetite poor, and after eating I had a ipain and weight at the chest. I was much tr4fbled with!wind, and frequently spat up a sour flisd, also ?4t1rer bile. Later on Isuffered fromnervonsness.and great depresion of spirits,. I kept up with my: work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I contlnued in thl. Wivay for two earsm, nothlg'that I took rehevinoe me. At last heard of Mother Seigcl'rSyrup, and pro-. cured a supply:. After I had taken only a few I d.oses I found relief; my food digested, and r gradually all nervousness left me. Although I t had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its ciswer over di e;Rse. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Selgel's Curative Syrnp I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of sufferiug humanity I deem It is a duty to send this testimony. (Signed) D). Griffiths., ,51 Hiockley Hill, tlrmilgham, June eight 1803." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about tihe light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be veriftil without more trouble than it is orth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who still pi snswer letters of inquiry, and can bhe found at it his address. F inally, there is nothing mystic or maical rI ubout Mtother Selgel's Csrative Syrup, It sets lii in the theory that most ailments are but1 ymptomis, forms or phases of lthat .universal 10 iiscase- indigestlon and dypepshta it cares St lint and throws the light ofhbestli anti hluppi-. ver hearts and homes where illness and p tln dat ucast such dark and terrifyle shadows. oI ond that is why people believe ail that ;s told ' t Its success by eager wilnesseos. 