Short Story. The Fortune of Fisliwcod. A Comparatively True tilicst Story. Although I bear the common ana somewhat pletbeian name of John Stn'rh, I can, through my mother's family, reckon kitli and kin w'.th half tilt' uolile houses of Scotland, and boast that near a score of my ancestors have " kissed the maiden," or 'been handed, drawn, and quartered after the good old style of putting the closure on " excited politicians." Those of my readers who are themselves of ancient line-age may, therefore, appreciate the feelings with which I found myself last spring, for the first time as I then thought, nnder any ancestral roof. I liad been summoned to Fullwood House by Sir Francis Fleming of that ilk, <to whom I stand in the relationship of third cousin once removed. Fullwood House, a very romantic old plaice situated on the left bank of the Clyde, not far from the uppermost cataract, came quite up to my notion of what the home of such a family as ours should be. It is true that Sir Francis himself rather disappointed me, he being a little, withered person, very absent-minded, and a thorough bookworm ; but, on the other hand, his daughter Margaret, his only child, was a worthy representative of the house of Fleming—"a daughter of the gods, divinely tall, and mose divinely fair." Need I say that I fell in love with her ? At all events I fancied myself in love. At night I was sitting alone in my room trying to (convince myself that since ail is fair in love and war I was entitled to do my <best to cut out John johnson, her fiancee, who was then in Johannesburg. What was he after all that he should (become the head of the house of Fleming' by marrying the heireisB ? If he "had a pedigree I had never heard of it; so far as I, or anybody else knew, his only claim on the consideration of the Flemings Was that S'ir John Fleming, the former laird, had been his guardlian. As for me, I was the next heir after Margaret herself, and had I not then the better right to her ? My meditations were interrupted by the entrance of old Tom Danaibie, the butler, with a nightcap for me ; and while I was testing the quality of that article lie asked one whether I was afraid of ghosts. I replied that I was not, being indeed a hardened sceptic in tlie matter of spooks. Then I asked him if the house was supposed to Ibe haunted. " Ye would notice yon armour in the library ?" Tom said. I nodded in the affirmative. The armour he referred to could hardly pass unnoticed. From its size it must have belonged to a gigantic man. Sir FrancSe had told me that 'it was believed to have been worn by Sir David Fleming, the crusader as he was called, at the battle of Bannodktmrn. " It's his gihaist—auld Sir Dauvifte," rejoined Tom. " Sometimes ye'Jl see his e'en glowerin' at ye oot o' the helm l it It's a fearsome sicht. I saw't aince. That was ae night I'd been up at the toun. I had been haein' a glass or twae v. J r the minister's man, but I was deid sober. That's what we're hauntit wi'— Sir Danvil a ghaist t'hat watches." " Watdhes what ?" I atsked. "The goold," replied the old man, dropping his voice to a whispee, " the goold that was laid by at the time o' Prince Charlie by auld Sir Robert, and has ne'er been seen since. But—I maun gang." Whereupon the old m'an hurried off as if it had suddenly struck him that he had said too mudh, leaving me a little disappointed. "Surely," I said to myself, "surely the eld buffer doesn't think I'd skedaddle with the donjon keep and the portcullis for the sake of the 'gooId.' I dare say 1 might try to steal the whole blooming establishment for the sake of getting Mfiss F., but " " S'aint-seducing gold!" It was a fairly apt sentiment, though I must confess I aim not a saint, and I turned to see who had spoken, when I beheld a warrior of the ancient time clad in the very armour I had seen in the library. The visor of his helmet was up, and 1 could see his face distinctly; it was a masculine copy of Margaret Fleming's features. " Dost not fear me ?" he queried with a rather grim smile. " I dost not," I answered straight off, and it was quite true. I have not nerves of steel, (but really I felt quite at ease. " A living dog is better than a dead lion," I added. " I am a living man, and you—you're only a spook. Your bones are dust, and your soul is with the Saints, I trust—anyway It should be." " By my ihaMdome, thou bast a pretty wit," retorted the ghost. "Xatheless, there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamed of in your philosophy." ''Apparently there are," I remarked. "It certainly 'beats me to hear a fourteenth "century ghost quoting Shakspeare." " Shatspeare, say'st thou?" exclaimed the ghost. " By'r lady, I could a tale unfold—tout cease thy prating and follow ma" My Ironclad visitor stalked off and I followed him, wondering the while why the whole house was not alarmed by the dlanking and (flattering he made. But we were not disturbed. Having reached the ground floor the ghost turned Into a long, dark corridor, which, as I had been told earlier in the day, led to the north wing. I had not yet paid a visit to this section of the house, nevertheless, as my eyes became accustomed to the gloom, the places we were traversing seemed to assume a familiar look, and when we emerged from the passage into a room I felt quite certain that I knew the apartment. This place was almost square, and had a larvje Goth'ic window on the east side—that is to say, to the right hand side of the door by which we entered. The wall was lined with portraits, and I remember as I looked round that I said to myself—"This is the portrait-room." Meanwhile the ghost marched almost round the room, starting to the left from the door, and hairing at the window before mentioned, to which he turned his back, and so faced me as I stood in the middle of the floor. " Here," he said. " is my post till the full moon rises behind Tinto and shows (her face albove the Tree of Doom. Watteh thou for the sign. FarewelL" Then he disappeared in the twinkling of an eye. Of course it was a dream. I did not take long to grasp that fact when I found myself where old Tom had left me shivering before an expiring fir®. Next morning, Sir Francis being indisposed and unable to talk about the private business which was the cause of iny being there, I was dawdling about badly in want of something to do when Miss Fleming came to my rescue by offering to show me the family i i • I | ! i ' ; ! j I p a j oec ]::>;• nails. To my suryi-i.se she took me to the very place I had seen in my dream, and she called it by the very name I had given it in my dream—"the , pom-aft-room." { "This place soems quite familiar to ii||I\j me," I remarked .after looking round. " Only," I added, thinking about the g'h^s't, " there seems to be something Wfiniiiig." " I'erhaps yon were here before," Miss Flaming suggested. " I don't think I ever was," I replied. I iShe moved across the room to the ,| phice where the ghost had taken its stand, and there halted. Ị "The suit of armour now in the library used to stand just here," she said. " We had to remove it on account ' of some ridiculous stories." iI •• Indeed V" " Yes," she continued, " it was said th.it the original owner of the armour caaie sometimes and got into it, and thou promenaded round the Tree of Doom." ; 'JThe Tree of Doom!" I echoed, "what 1s that ?" " You can see it from the window," said Miss Fleming. •She pointed to an elm tree, apparently very old, wh'ich stood on the lawn about twenty yards off. This was another point of my dream that had " ooune true" in a manner. I began to feel a little nervous, and I was soon to get another gliock. Miss Fiem'ing was going round the room telling me about the different portraits when she halted before one tha't hung by itself at the north end of the west wall—the darkest comer of the room. " This," she said, " is Sir Robert Fleming. Two of his brothers, John and Frank, were out with Prince Gliatllie, and the story goes tiiat he collected all the family plate and jewels after the failure of the enterprise, meaning to smuggle the stuff out of the country as a contribution towards the expense of another attempt The things were hid until a chance should arise of getting them away, but the chanee never cainie, and they remained concealed." " Do you believe that story ?" I queried. "I am bound to .believe about the hiding of the things. We know of articles of value that disappeared about that time. But," she added with a sigh, " I wish that was all we had lost You have heard of the Fortune of Fullwood ?" I replied that I had heard of it, and meant to ask for a sight of it before I left. It is a famous charm, the Fortune of Fullwood—a brooch, the stone of whidh was (brought by Sir David, called the Crusader, from the 'Holy Land. According to the legend, if anything went wrong with the chartm, if the stone chanced to be broken or lost, the doom of the family was sealed. "The Fortune has disappeared," said Margaret in tragic tones. " You know what that means—the family is doomed. After my father there will be no more Memings of Fullwood." I felt inclined to laugh, but the girl appeared to foe quite earnest in her belief. " If I thought," she continued, " that the Fortune was anywhere about the house I would have the whole building fitken to pieces, stone by stone. But I do not think it is in the house at all. I Have searched everywhere, and I'm sure I know every nook and cranny of it" An idea Struck me. " Did you find," I asked, " any place where the plate and jewels might have been concealed ?" "No. Why?" " Because the Fortune might have been put beside therm." " Impossible !" she exclaimed. " The Fortune—ibut wait—yes, the Fortune disappeared in my uncle's time. He wass a tocheilor, and for a long time before he died he was queer. I have been told Uhat when he was dying he tried to tell any father something about the hidden plate, but could not. What is your Idea ?" " He may have hid the charm himself," I said. "Perhaps he found out where the plate had ibeen laid away and put the Fortune beside It." Then, with many blushes, and the uneasy suspicion that I was making an ass of myself, I told Miss Fleming about the vii^it I had had from the ghost She did not laugh ; on the oontrary, she was quite grave, aud I took heart of grace to point out one or two significant things in the dream. No doubt, I said, Tom Danaibie's story suggested the dream about the ghost but there was nothing in his story to explain my familiarity with the room, nor to suggest the idea of what the ghost had said. " It was a revelation," said Margaret decidedly. " This Is the time of the full moon. I shall have the armour put back into its former place, and this very night I shall watch along with you for the sign." The only definite recollection I have for the remainder of that day up to 7 o'clock in the evening is that I thought it was very queer to find an up-to-date young woman like Margaret Fleming with such a strong streak of superstition in her composition. My eyes have since been opened to the fact that such abnormallities are by no means uncommon. However, 7 o'clock found us .in the portrait-room waiting for the " sign." By-and-hy the moon appeared from behind the massive hulk of Tinto, and slowly—painfully slowly—mounted the heavens. It plunged into a bank of clouds, and (I was within an ace of sayfog something strong when it emerged, showing directly over the Tree of Doom, and throwing a flood of light into the apartment where we were. It shone in, and that was all. I do believe I expected some sort of explosion. " Look, look !" exclaimed Margaret catching my arm and pointing into the far-a way corner. " Yes," she added almost in the same breath, " that must be the sign." This is what we saw. When the moon was directly over the elm tree the moonbeams were thrown from the window diagonally across the portrait-room Into fflie corner where Sir Robert's portrait hung, hut the shadow of the armour standing at the window was thrown in the same direction in such a way as to edlipse the portrait At Miss Fleming's command I took down the portrai't while she lighted up the room. Then, before I could fonm any idea of what she was going to do next, s'he had taken old .Sir DavfldNj battle-axe and let drive at the panelling which had been covered with the icture. The axe crashed right through the wood ; there was a hollow in the wall there. To tear away the shattered wood was easy, the operation revealing a little chamlber constructed in what appeared from the outside to be a solid buttress. In tills hiding- place were two boxes—one about 3ft. long by 2ft. deep nd wide, and strongly bound with iron; the other bearing a strong resemblance to a lady's workfbox or a folding desk. Margaret laid open the smaller box with her battle-^xe and gave a cry of oy to find that it conrained the Fortune f Fullwood. The other box was opend later on in the presence of Sir Frank>, and was found to confrv" *-*vetal ' .' g Iat c q t b O i g l cI l pieces of plate, but the value of the fin a was noth'Lng like the value of what Wad been hid—the traditional value, that is. Perhaps Sir John Fleming, the brother and pre/decessor of the present laird, had drawn on the treasure at the time he entered the secret chamber to hide there the Fortune of Fullwood. As I do not want to be interviewed by psychical researchers I shall now explaun the "ghost" to the best of my ability. When I went home I told my uncle James, who is a bit of a philosopher, all about the affair, and he told me that some months before the death of Sir John Fleming my father had I taken me with him when lie paid a visit to Fullwood. On his return my father j told my uncle all -about the house, and i ; aibout the legend of the hidden treasure ; he also mentioned that I had <beea . greatly taken up with the suit of armour in the " portrait-rooiii." .My uncle ;1 had forgotten all about this until I told ' :iji• him my story ; but, as he remarked, it was doubtless the memory of my visit in early childhood to Fullwood, and of hearing at that time the story of the ghost and the Tree of Doom, that had came back to me to round off the dre'am suggested by the words of old Tom Danahie.—" Weekly iSeotsman." 