LAST NIGHT'S AMUSEMENTS : Stage Gossip. TIVOLI— VARIETY COMPANY. I The. Change of bill submitted^ by Mi-. Harry Rickards here last night was beyond a doubt oiie of the strongest which has yet been presented at the popular house. The chief interest, however, centred upon Moils. Ajax, who was billed as 'the flexible marvel/' He certainly deserves the des cription, for he might not inappropriately be summed up as a human snake. A] as does not do his turn in the orthodox fashion adopted - by contortionists, or, in other words, he does not simply perform on -a strip of carpet laid upon the stage. In stead. most of his business is done upon a prettily decorated platform. His turn ; last night was certainly a revelation. He twisted and turned and screwed his body into the most Inexplicable positions, until, finally, he became as tangled as a Chinese puzzle, and gave one the Impression that he was altogether boneless. At the con clusion of his turn be was heartily cheered, and had to reappear several times to bow his acknowledgments. Mr. C. A. Samp- , son's feats of strength created the greatest j enthusiasm. Mdlle. Cora Caselii contributed three serio-comic items, in addition to her exhibition of high-kicking, and Miss Florrie West .was responsible for several songs, in which she was enabled , to dis play her versatility, but tho lady might ad vantageously have shown, better discrimi nation in her selections. The Sisters Phil lips and the Brothers Lorerizl created much 'amusement with their pantomimic skit 'Cook's Birthday.' A feature of tilts first part was the rendition of 'Love's Old Sweet Song'' by Mists' Nita- Clarke, in whicn the chorus was sung by a sextette. It was most enthusiastically received, and It would be a very welcome : change if the management , would continue to include j concerted numbers. Among the other fa vorites who assisted were Mr. Chas. Fan ing, the Bovis Brothers, and Messrs. Pope | and Sayles. * ».*.? TOWN HALL-NEWBURY-SPADA 'TOP.' The final 'pop.' of the Newbury-Spatfa series was given at the Town Hall last night, and was a brilliant success. Tho programme was a plebiscite one, and It was not surprising,, therefore, that every item was rapturously received. Both Mr. JTbwbury and his talented wife (Madame Spada) were in magnificent' voice, and though, under the circumstances, it is not necessary to individualise their selections, it must be said that they nave never done better work, admirable though' they always are. The City Organist and a host of other favorites also appeared, and . the send-off which the company received must have been particularly gratifying to Mr. Newbury, for the entertainments which he has given us at popular prices far ex ceeded in excellence many which have been submitted by other entrepreneurs at a rate making them altogether prohibitive to the General public. He has thereby proved himself .a public benefactor, and his success is therefore all the more gratify ing. The company leaves for Melbourne to day, but will return here after the New Year for another series. * » * a HER MAJESTY'S— 'THE HARBOR LIGHTS.' The Knight-Ferrar Company will make its final appearance here on Saturday night, when 'The Harbor Lights' will be staged for the last time. The usual matinee will be given on Wednesday. - The- Christmas attraction, 'Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves,' will be presented on Boxing Night. * * » * CRITERION— -'ROBBERY UNDER ARMS.' 'Robbery Under Arms' continues to at tract crowded houses here, and though a change of bill has not yet been decided upon, 'For the Term of . His Natural Life' is in preparation, and will be staged when necessary. 9 * * ? 'j PALACE— PROFESSOR DANTE. Professor Dante concluded his remark^ . ably successful season oh Friday night, when the pretty ' little house was uncom fortably crowded in all parts. ' The pro fessor left for ? Hobart yesterday, for his Tasmanian tour. ' . tit * - *? LYCEUM— 'JUDGE NOT.' The production of 'Judge Not' was sus pended here last night owing to the wrestling match, but it will be reseated to-morrow and Tuesday evenings. An account cf the wrestling match will be found on another page. «? ALHAMBRA MINSTREL AND BUR ' LESQUE. There was a' fair attendance here last nl glit, -When an acceptable programme was presented, amon? those who contributed being Messrs. Delohery, Crsydcn, and Hol land, and a number of other favorites. To morrow .night 'Fun on the Bristol' will be revived, and Mr. Harry Maie. a character comedian, will make his first appearance j here, ' * * * ? \-- SYDNEY PHILHARMONIC - SOCIETY. The fourth subscription concert of the present season of the Sydney Phil harmonic Society will take place at the Town Kali on Thursday night, when among thk artists who will assist are Miss Hetty Holroyd and Miss Eva Mylott. and Mr. Burns- Walker. Signor Hazon, as usual, will conduct, and Mr: Rivers. Allpress will lead the orchestra. « * * * M'ADOO JUBILEE SINGERS AND Vllt GINIA CONCERT COMPANY. After an absence of nearly five years, Mr. Orpheus M. M'Adoo's Jubilee- Singers and Virginia Concert Company will make their reappearance at the Palace Theatre next Saturday night.' The company num bers fourteen artists, and the entertain ment will be sufficiently varied to suit all classes. . . * * * * BENEFITS. During the week a couple of benefits took place at the Theatre Royal, and they were both thoroughly successful. The first was tendered to Mr. John Bennett, tlie ve teran theatrical manager, from which it was aarounced the profits would amount to about £100. The other — and by far the more deserving of . the two — was that accorded Mr. Harry Jioberts on the fol lowing afternoon,' for it is seldom that any artist is so fully entitled to such a compli ment. Mr. Roberts is an Australian, and. has done remarkably good work heri, for years, and is about to leave for foreign parts, where no doubt he will well- up hold the reputation of his native country. As a result of his benefit, we understand, he will receive- a cheque for about £-150. » ? * ? . BOYS' BRIGADE ENTERTAINMENT. The drawing-room entertainment in aid | of the Boys' Brigade at the Queen Victoria Markets last night was both a financial and artistic success. The programme was a varied one, and included vocal solos by Miss Edith King and Miss C. Donnelly, concerted numbers by the Feldwiclt quar tette, recitations by Mr. Lawrence Camp bell. instrumental items by Mr- Rivers Allpress and Master Harold Sheen, feats In legerdemain by Mr. W. Burns, ventrilo quial sketches by Mr. Ernest Hosking, and a series of striking tableaux, prior to each of which Mr. Georeg Taylor did some very entertaining sketches. Mr. Nicholas J. Gehde was the accompanist. * ? 4 ? OTHER SHOWS. ' ' Polytechnic. — At the Crown Studio's Ci nematograph and Rontgen-Ray Exhibition, in King-street, among the many ? new pictures that of ' Fregoli' will no doubt prove particularly interesting. This ' scene shows Fregoli' s 'biz.' and how ho does it. The 'Corsic'an Brothers' sceno shows the vision ot one brother being killed; and a ghost appears. In the 'Faust' scenes Mephistopheles ap pears in a cloud of smoke, and shows Mar- j guerite in a vision to Faust. 'Santa Claus,' top; is a great holiday attraction for chil dren. ? ' . ? Cyclorama. — The picture of Ancient Je rusalem, with its realistic storm effects, arid the Hall of Illusions, with its interest ing attractions, continue to draw very large crowds. The musical programmes are also a strong feature. - ? » ' ' ? ? Mdlle. Edmunda's serpentine ^.dancing was one of the features of Professor Dan': te's entartamraent at the Palace during .the week. The* lady ii!as a pupil of Miss Lcle Fuller in America, and for some time was a member .^f her company. Mrs. Boothman, the mother of Alma Grey, writing to . a friend, - says that the cle.ve.r little - child continues to do well in England, and that she has been engaged for the forthcoming and next year's pan tomimes at the Edinburgh Lyceum, - Mr. George Rignold contemplates a tour cf the United States shortly.; Mr. Harry Rickards' Variety Company, headed ' by. Ugo Blondi, opened at . the Dunedin (N.Z.) Princess last night for a season of ten performances. The Lotus Dramatic Club will give a coiicert ' and dramatic performance in aid of the Surgical Appliance Aid Society at the Palace on Thursday night. Me'ssrs. 'Holloway and Anderson will commence a season at the Royal on Xmas | Eve with' 'When- London Sleeps,' a new melodrama. 'The Firm's' No. 2 Dramatic Company opens at Geelong to-morrow night for three performances. ' Mr. Charles Godfrey. is appearing at the Oxford Star . (Bcrmohdsey),. and G-atti's Music Halls, London. Miss Helen ' Faucit (Lady Martin), who died in London recently, made her last, ap pearance on any stage in * October, 1879, at Manchester. ' : The play was 'As You ? Like It.' and included in the cast were Du Maurier and Hterman Merivale. Miss Neliie Butler, out here with China town Company, who went to London With Hoyt's 'A Stranger- in New York,' has returned to New York, and' is now appear ing in' 'In Gotham.' at Koster and Bial'Si ? A London paper is responsible for the statement that, a German dramatic agent has secured the German performing rights of some unpublished plays written by tlie first Lord Lyttcn/ The last M;S. play by Lytton performed in London, according to . the journal ? quoted; was 'Junius,' which was produced at the Princess's by Mr. Wil son Barrett. The London 'Stage' says that 'Mr. Frank de Jong has been doing .wonders1 in Cane Town. and. under his management and co partnership. Mr. Flemmlng's company have been playing at the Opera House to more than £700 a week for four weeks. It is a wonder that Australian touring managers never dream of paying &? visit to South Africa. It should be well worthy of a trial. According to the London 'Pelican.' Sir Henry IrVing's Illness has drawn attention to the fact that the great actor hss but rarely found it necessary to be absent from the stage on account of ill-health., 'Indeed.' the 'writer says. 'I don't sift-- pose there is an artor on the stage who has been 'indisposed.' really or in imagi nation, on so 'few occasions as the. Master of the Lyceum. '? Sir' Henry is .: possessed of a remarkably tough constitution, arid is one of. the few men known to me who manages to- enjoy robust health without taking ac tive exercise;'.'- ? : ? -.. . , Says the London 'Era' : — ^'Friends and admirers .of Mr. George Beauchamf) will be pleased to hear of his great success 'down,' imder.' From a fetter written at Sydney under date Sept. 6, we learn that, for eleven weeks he had been going very strong in that city, and was retained for another . five, departing thence for Mel bourne. Re is likely to play in pantomime nt ITer Majesty's! Sydney, is booked solid' for 1900 in Australia, and has had tempt ing offers for South Africa.' The informa tion contained in the par is certainly very amusing. -Mr. Beaucbamp left on his re turn to I-tondon several weeks ago. Mr. Harry Rickards was presented with a smoking companion at- the Tivoli on Wednesday night as a birthday souvenir. Mr. Harry. Barrinsrton' made the presenta-« tion on behalf -of all connected with the theatre;. Mr. Rickafds, In responding, stated that he yrould . take, the presen t». tion with him on his forthcoming visit to England, to show his friend^ there what his comnany in Australia thoueht of him.; 'During the e of rjiy- pro'fes^^al exnerience,' add ed the manager. 'iV'h'ave never known of any other conipsnv that, worked with such harmony. Mr. Rickards. promised to again entertain the.oompany prior to his depar ture* fo1* the great metropolis. Mr. Wilson Barrett. -in the course. of a recent intonflew with -the representative of a Birmirigham -newsnaper, expressed -himself as-, -being strongly .opposed to a State or.muni'CipallyTSubsidised theatre, for the establishment ef.. which a -'strobe effort is iy-w. being made 5n London. He tfaid. 'Suppose you have a municip'al theatre. 'Who * re you going to have to manage it? The Mayor . arid Corporation? Estimable gen'tilemen/ no dbiibt, hut wha,t, as a rule, do they know about art? The manager. Of a the!atre, like the captain of a ship, must be absolute. ' He must say leave this or leave that alone, and Jhis word must he lav/. Above all, in the thousand emergencies that arise in a! theatre, he must have the. knowledge and experience that will enable' Mm to cope with them promptly an'd success-fully. Committees of council lors and divided responsibilities would mean chaos in a week.' Miss Maud Fitz-Stubbs' 'Premier Waltz' is^ attaining a sale eclipsing all previous puhlications.* ' - ' 