THEATRE ROYAL. MB. BARRETT'S " HAMLET.'' In a quaint choice little work entitled "Gallery of Shakspeare," published in 1828, with exquisite outline illustrations engraved in aqua fortis by Retzsch, is an interesting: tribute to the youth of Hamlet, upon whici Mr. Wilson Barrett lays so much stress. Before South Australia was proclaimed by Governor Hindmarsh in 1836 this precious volume was brought here by a pioneer coloniBt, the late Mr. J. M. Skipper, an ardent student of Shakspeare, and he was wont to read it aloud to tbe little band of pioneers by the camp-fire at Holdfast Bay ovar sixty years ago. The plates, drawn with infinite grace, delicacy, and fidelity, represont Hamlet as a young man a little over twenty, rofined in feature, athletic in form, but not in matured manhood's mould. It is an idea more fitting and more poetic than the thirty-five-year-old type of man we hare been accustomed to in what may be termed the recognised interpretation of the text. Sir John Gilbert, in his fine illustrations of the play, draws Hamlet as a man not much over twenty. We do not propose to discuss the question, or Mr. Barrett's changes in the construction of, and the liberties he takes with, the play—he is a histrionic radical, and the conservatives may confront him. What we desire to say is that hiB conception was right away from the conventional track, and his presentment of Hamlet on Saturlay night was au intolisctual treat for mind and eye. It was the best atatre tribute to the piece that we have ever had jn this city, and no audience ever assembled in the Theatre Royal has paid more distinct homage of rapt attention as that which ho held in thrall. Thn The auditorium was filled with paople compelled by the fascination of Sbakspeare's geniu3 and the keen dasire to study what promised to be a new reading. When Mr. Barrett appeared tho greeting ho received was an eloquent, expression of that interest. His clear, precise enunciation—that of a finished elocutionist— gave every word weight and purport. He made a vigorous, robust Hamlet, one of princely mein. courteous and masterful; but the very maturity of frame, the strong, broad face, powerful profile, and deep, rotund voice handicapped Mr. Barrett in his effort to make Hamlet appsar a youth of twenty. Otherwise tho impersonation was perfect— had tho actor been himself younger then were he a Hamlet with scarce a flaw. The ease and dignity of his demeanour wero worthily coupled with tho beautiful passages the Master of Language puts in the mouth of this forceful character. Unmistakably Mr. Barrett's H.imlet is not mad, and, be the actor wrong or right, his interpretation was a thrilling study of fathomable depth and clear eloquence. It seemod to lend a keener zest to the play to watch the development of this keen-witted young Dane's scheme, cleverly expressed by the actor's tone and manner. The outbursts of emotion, horror, grief, and wrath at tho manner of his father's treacherous taking off; the conflict between shame at his mother's incastuous mating with his hated uncle, and tho natural roverenc-e of a son for a mother were made manifest with a skilful subtle moderation, which made them the more intense became of what lay beneath the surface. The courtliness of his bearing to his friends was not marred by too strong a contrast ot extreme violence to his toss, for this Hamlet was of too manly a mould to indulge in haroics, or to storm and rave as some do. There was refinement iu the scene with Ophelia. One could see the conflict of real tenderness for the beautiful maid, with the suspicion that she had been set to spy upon him, made a certainty when be catches a glimpse of the King hiding behind the curtains. The painful interview with his mother was conducted in the same masterly method, suggesting terrible passion and disgust kept in rein by the force of natural affection. There was bitter soorn, wild upbraiding, but no hectoring; horror struggled with filial love. Where he in such eloquent word painting com pared the two Kings and the two miniatures he was exceedingly expressive even to the action of stamping in rage, upou his uncle's portrait, which had been dashed to the floor iu the culmination of his disgust and wrath. The famous soliloquy was deliverod leaning against an antique chair—an effective pose— and every word fell with clear meaning. In the scene with the gravedigper the soliloquy on Yorick had the pathos of deep natural feeling and brooding philosophy, aud in the scene with Laertes over Ophelia's grave there was more scorn and sorrow than violent passion. In the final act the fatal fencing bout with Laertes was skilfully conducted; nor was the stabbing of the King carried even near the verge of melodrama, as it too often is—it came as the last desperate act of a horrified, overwrought man. There are points about Mr. Barrett's Hamlet that will not satisfy some students of Shakspeare, but the verdict on Saturday night was unmistakably in favour of the exponent, new rendering though it were, and somewhat ooposed to the traditions. To sum up, it was scholarly, original, artistic, a very human Hamlet, which awakened sympathy. Miss Maud Jeffries also secured the sympathies of the,house with her Ophelia by her sweetness of maimer, beauty, and capital conception of the character, albeit she ia built upon so liberal a scale as to look less girlish than the daughter of Polonius is generally made to appear. It, however, constituted her a fitting mate for such a Hamlet; she seemed worthy to share a throu« with him. Her maidenly bearing was infinitely gracious. There was a happy blending of the modesty of the artless maid with the conscious dignity of the gentlewoman, and she lost none of i.t in the trying scene with Hamlet. Her grief at thiB noble mind o'erthrown was no wild irregulated outburst, but perfectly keepiug with her gentle character. There were few tearless eyes during the mad scene, which she passed through in a mode irresistibly plaintive. . For this relief much thanks! We have at last had a Queen Gertrude who is not a nonentity. Miss Lillah McCarthy's almost only fault was that she looked too young, though very pretty, to be the mother of Hamlet. As Queen she took a personally prominent part in the plav, bore herself with royal giace. aud in ths chamber scene was not the shivering, weak woman, bent beneath the sirocco breath of her outraged son's burniug denunciations. Her greeting— Hamlet, tliou hast thy father much offanded, when he entered had in it the ring of matronly dignity and maternal solicitude. When she broke down under his reproaches her shuddering reception of it and remorseful bearing did not too much abate the unconscious grace of her exit. A polonius who is not a doddering old dotard, utterly unfit to be Lord Chamberlain to a warrior king of stormy Denmark, is as rare as a good graved igger. Mr. Horace Hodges gave us a Polouius well stricken in years, but a man whom no one but the Prince dare flout. Ke presented a shrewd, stately, ceremonious official, who won respect, and who in his advice to his son gave it the weiprht of a man of the world, as ho did his fati.eriy admonition to his daughter, in the tor« of which iurkeel a note of tenderness aud parental pride for so goodly a child. Laertes wanted backboao, and was dudeish in the hands of Mr. Percv val, who is a joune actor who can do well in congenial roles. He was best in the prave scene aud the fencing. If Mr. Carter-Edwards had not sometimes imported a lachrymose tone into his voice he woukl have been an impressive King Claudius. His appearance was imposing. As Horatio Mr. Percy Foster lvas a fair toil to Hamlet, and Mr. Caleb l'orter vfasacapital Rosencraatz, -with aivonhy aid in Mr. Henry Barker am Guildenbtern. Hail to Mr. George Howard, the first gravedigger. It must be a comlort to a corpse to be buried by so shrewd and witty a knave. In make-up aud acting he made" the bast old Shakspearian sexton we have seen for many a season. It was a study. Hamlet's father's ghost fcas come up through a trap-door, stepped out of a hole in the castie wall, emerged slowly to sight an impalpable figure, stalked heavily across in front of the footlights, and mads himself manifest in various other ingenious ways. Mr. Edward Irw;-i chose first the fore-part of the stage and later on the dim religious light of the ruar, and was a gixid ghost. It was solemnly effective when Uamles had the last interview with the ghostly visitant in semi-darkness. Tho balance of the cast was: — Priest, Mr. Edward Woods; Marcellus, Mr. H. Mervvii; Bernardo, Sir. W. F. Ciitherow; first actor. Mr. D. McCarthy; second M r " ubea 5 and messenger, R , M ^ W * jtae player Queen, Miss Rose Pendennis. The costuming and staging surpa6 l f d &n; ? previous representation here in I™, 11 '* aud , deil ? n ' . Tlje mounting was done w i ' h - re ° al e I jleadour ' ? ad * he grouping, differing m some respects from that of previous companies, was striking. The scenery, by Messrs. W. Hann and Stafford Hall, and the incidental music by Mr. Edward Jones, gave groat satisfaction; in fact, "Hamlet" was splendidly staged. The rich setting softened the sombre aspect of the play. The profound impression upon tho house was indicated by tho mute attention, the buzz of comiteut between the acts, and tho acclamation which culminated in cheering at the close. The curtain had to bo raised many times, and Mr. Barrett can lay tha flittering unction to his soul that he has scored an unqualified success, not only by his own acting, but because he was so splendidly supported. "Hamlet" will be played again to-night. This will bo a prand souvenir niglit, and every lady present will receive a pictorial reminder of a highly successful season. 