FOR THE CHILDREN THE STORY OF A STAMPEDE. A FAMOUS INCIDENT OF COWBOY LIFE. In 1876 the Wilson Brothers, of Kansas City, purchased over 15,000 head of cattle and arranged to cen- tralise the herd near Comanche Springs, in McLennan County. On the fourth of July the entire herd was un- der way, headed for Towash, on the Brazos river. It was a magnificent army of steers, in superb condition, kept together by a corps of twenty five cowboys mounted on broncos. At 4 o'clock in the afternoon,- writes J. B. Cranfill in this "Independent," a black cloud showed above the foot hills, and the sum shining against it painted a rainbow, which apeared to touch the earth at both ends. The entire herd became nervous, and showed their fear by those low bel leavings ominous to the experienced cattleman as the muttering thunder. When the sun set the cattle were bedded on the plains near the South Bosque. A detail of four cowboys was made for the first watch, and these mounted sentinels took their places and rode silently around the sleeping squadron of long horns. The first watch ended at 9 o'clock, and the se cond watch went on duty. At 10 o'clock the cattle appeared to be sleeping profoundly. The cow boys say that cattle dream and see ghosts; it is certain that this drove of 15,000 was nervous, made so, per- haps, by the thunderstorm of the previous afternoon and the rainbow which they eyed with suspicion. The stairs were all shining, and there was no cause at all for the arousing of the herd. They appeared to get up all at once, with a single purpose, and the roar that was heard seemed to come from a single throat. The Wilson Brothers and their cow boys, who were sleeping in their camp, rushed to their ponies, who were grazing with the saddles and bridles on, and as fast as the bits could be replaced in their mouths they mounted and galloped to the flanks of the now disappearing mass. The cowboys kept out of the way of the charging mass, and galloped on the flanks, moving tow'ard the head of the column, hoping to 'tart them moving in a circle. As the herd rushed on. their horns rattled together, and all the horns of fifteen thousand head of cattle rattling together sounded like an immense concert of castanets. The chief of the Wilson Brothers was riding a cream-coloured stallion, and be had his Colt's revolver in his hand. One of the cowboys on a gray horse was able to keep up with him. These two distanced all the others. They rode across the front of the stam- pede., which is a feat attended with terrific danger; for when a rider is in front of the rushing drove of mad cattle, if. his horse should stumble and fall, he may be put down as a thing of the past. The herd will "wipe him out." There was a bunch of about fifty cattle fully twenty yards in advance, and towards this leading group the two rescuers rode. Of the leading group, also, some were faster than others, and the group ran in a dia- mond shape, with two immense steers leading all. When Mr. Wilson and his companion reached the two lead- ing steers they began shooting their revolvers close to them, and in that way the bunch was made to oblique, and as the leading bunch of cattle ob- liqued, the main stampede obliqued, and the first step in ''milling" had been taken. By this time the cattle were getting tired. Nearly five miles had been covered, and the breath of the leaders was coming short and pain- fully; but they were rushing on, be- cause the front cattle at this time knew as a matter of fact their only safety was in keeping up the run. Mr. Wilson had a Mexican along, one of the best cowboys in the south west. This. Mexican had been to the little brandy runlet too often, and his usual excellent judgment went away. When he succeeded in getting mounted, the stampede had gone past him, so that when he overtook the rear he passed to the front on the other side and rode on the wrong flank. When he reached the head of the herd the was just in time to defeat the manoeuvre then under execution of bending the moving mass from a straight line to a semicircle. Re- volver in hand, disregarding the other men, he began shooting in the faces of the wild 'steers; and the effect of this was to straithten the run and bring the advance straight towards a precipice. This precipice was a Wash in the prairie, forming a deep ravine fully thirty yards wide; and in a shorter time than it takes to tell the head of the column was pouring over, a horrible cascade o'f beef, plunging madly into destruction, while fleeing from an imaginary danger. When Mr. Wilson and his lieu- tenants saw that it was impossible to save their cattle, they saved them- selves by dexterously turning at right angles at full speed, and riding out of the way. They next returned to the flank, and held a council of war. A fcw seconds decided them, and all hands commenced shooting into the herd, the object now behig to build a breastwork of carcasses and save the rear end from the destruction that had overtaken the front. The gully was nearly full by this time. They were snorting and bellowing, crashing and tearing, and still heaping up; and when the firing began the wounded ones tumbled over on the others, and in a short time the gully, like the sun- ken road to Waterloo, was bridged by carcases. The herd surged up in bil- lows, and bent now because it could not do otherwise. The semicircle was formed, and Wilson and his men crossed the gully below and rode round the opposite side and recrossed; and in a short time they had the cattle lnH aenl feraming an incomplete letter O, and there they stood, blowing, bellow- ing, shivering. All bands, remained on watch all night, and in the morning, when a cravt wi's made, "it was' osrert'asued etb-st 27(10 hiead were> minaing. There awere a'fterwanrd~s 2700, pairs of hoens staken from. thfat gully. It was called >- "RJtam edy Gully". for many years le afterwards. Fr Matblian.--The two local agents for the "Examiner" at Mathinna are Miss Fitz- gerald and Mr. J. W. House 