TERRIBLE BURNING ACGIDENT. A SYDNEY MAN PALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvis had tbe misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water-pipes, and before he could be rescued ho was scalded iu a terrible way. The Bbock o^ the burning and the fall seemed to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis. and for ^a nnmber of years after he was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neighbourhood tbat Mr. Jarvis was £ etting round again, and that he had a most marvellous recovery from this incurable malady. It was on account of these rumours that a speoial reporter from the Sydney Worker was despatched to get all information re garding same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45 Crown lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thos. Jarvis was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very cleat that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he said : — ' You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are Btricken 83 I was.' ' How long were you suffering ?' ' Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Cbristiras I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Syd ney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of graduol development of tbe malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.' ' What were the symptoms ?' ' Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting ray bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was inces santly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me tbat mj case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Insti tutions.' ' Did you make use pi the order ?' 'No ; I came homei and went to bed and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a ques tion of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all be could, by opium and morpbia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for fire or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of tho spinal chord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in coordinating voluntary movements. He to'.d me that I might last for ten years, . and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with onergy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just bb a drown ing man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertise ment describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the ' Australian W ork man,' by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertise ment of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box, The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to sleep and eat as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appet te and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those ciutches there ? They aro perfectly new. and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, bat I wa3 too week to use them, and now I don't want them. ' He is 100 per cent, bolter,' said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken tho baby on her knees. ' The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale Peo ple have saved bia life, and made another man of him.' A friend who called at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than be did a fortnight pre vious. ' I can now,' continued Jarvis, ' have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they ore, for I rio longer need them. Everybody who itnows me ha3 been amazed at tlio change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms' what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of tbe as tonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. Thoy cure locomotor ataxy, parti tl paralysis, and spinal disease, also many other disorders which arise from an impoverished state of tbe blood, such as anatmia, pale and I sallow complexion, general muscular weabne?s, indigestion, loss of pppetite, shortness of breatb, pains in the back j nervous hcadache, etc. I Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the j tho Labor Party in the N.S. W. Legis- 1 lative Assembly, was seen by oar re porter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowiin 6ays he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he developed. IJe after wards heard tbat Jarvis was bed-ridden, and tliat there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incur able. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, as tounded at the complete recovery of Jarcis. ^ These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chera-is's, or from Dr. Wil liams' Medicine Co., Quoen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or poBt order, one box for 2s 9d, or half-dozen for 15b 3d. See that tbe genuine Dr. William's are gotten. 