' Christ's Present Message to the Baptised." ,:o:, An address, tile subject of which was "Christ's present message to all baptised persons," was delivered by an evangelist in one of the lower rooms of the Building Society's premises last Thursday night. The information imparted was of an ex ceedingly interesting nature, and was re ceived with lthe utmost attention by those present, who were few in number. The speaker's remarks, which were delivered in a very earnest manner, were prefaced with the explanation that hle had no personal or private interests to serve in thus coming before them, and that he came as a duly authorised messenger of the Lord Jesus Christ. He then went on to read from Exekiel xliii., 10 and 11; Psalm lxviii., 18; and Ephesians iv., from the 8th verse, The Lord Jesus Christ, he pointed out, after His ascension intoheaven-after giving.Himself as the sacrifice for the sins of the world, gave these gifts unto Inen-namely, apostles, prophets, evangelists, and pastors-for these three things--namely, the perfecting of the saints, the work of the ministry, and the edifying or building up of the body of Christ. What he (the evangelist) was tell ing them of had nothing to do with their salvation, because the Lord Jesus Christ had already saved them; and, more than that, He had baptised them, and, in doing so, made them children of God, members of Christ, and inheritors of the kingdom of heaven. Further, God wished them to receive His ministries, as given at the beginning of this dispensation, in order that they might receive the resulting privileges. Attention was drawn to the manifold divisions of the Church of Christ at the present day. The Church of Christ, he maintained, should be united. They were baptised in the namne of the Lord Jesus Christ, and not in the name of Wesley, or Knox, or Luther, or Calvin, or any man. These divisions in His Church were utterly contrary to the mind of God. The evangelist came to tell them a message of mercy by which they might escape the judgments which were coming upon Chris teodom-the moset terrible judgments that the world had ever seen. God had restored his ministries, which were absolutely un changeable and eternal as He was un changeable and eternal, in order that we might be perfected, that the body of Christ might be edifi6ed, that the work of the ministry might be proceeded with, and that the pattern of His house, from which we had departed, might be seen now at the end of this dispensation by angels as well as men-for the angels had to learn about the worship of God from men; and did they think angels were going to learn any lesson from men in the way in which God was worshipped at the present time ? In the restoration of these four ministries, and the gifts of the Holy Ghost, the Lord had also opened up the meaning of the Bible-the inspired word of God. Although in the hand of every Chris tian, the Bible was a sealed book to Chris. tendom. Every man puet his own interpre tation upon it. It required divinely-inspired interpreters, and the Lord had provided for guidance and light in the apostolic and prophetic ministry. Having re stored apostles and prophets, He had opened up the meaning of the Bible from beginning to end. Taking as an illustration the Mosaic Tabernacle, hestated that the meaning of everything, down to the smallest detail, had been interpreted, and declared' that it was designed by God that the glorions publio worship of the Christian Church was to be the exact counter-part iAnd anti-type of the services in the Mosaic Tabernacle. When God had restored:' apostles, sixty years ago, he gave them prophets. They depended upon the prophets for light, and the prophets de pended upon the apostles for guidance. Diected by God, they had gone throughout bhristendom to pick out the truth from the error. They met again, and then, in the wisdom which God gave them, they elimin ated the error and gathered together all the truth. The consequence was that they had compiled a book, a copy of which he held in his hand, which was the most wonderful of books, next to the Bible, which the world had ever seen, because it was utterly im possible for any number of men to have compiled it except under direct divine in spiration. The evangelist contended that He, Who was King of Kmngs and Lord of Lords. had the right to ordain how people should worship Him. The way was four fold-in supplications, prayers, interces alsions, and giving of thanks-and he would expect them to worship Him accord ing to the way He had ordained. God had baptised them into the body of Christ, and their calling was to rule with Him and under Him over the whole nni verse throughout all the ages; they could rule over all creatures, angels as well as men. Was not that the very reason that Satan rebelled when man was created? His last point was that God, as King of kings, had reserved to Himself His tithe, claiming the tenth of every man's income, which should be cheerfully given. In con closion, he said that hle hoped be had said enough to set his hearers on inquiry, and that he would be very glad to help them in their inquiries. But he warned them to seize the opportunity while yet there was time. There was only one of these apostles now left on earth, who was in his ninety fourth year, and, as soon as he was removed from this earth, whether by death or trans lation, the marvellous blessingsa which the Lord could give by a fourfold ministry would be lost. Those who did not take advantage of these gifts would have to go bthrough the judgiaents, and might even risk their salvation. Tihe coming of the Lord was very near at hand, and as soon as He came the terrible judgotents of God would be poured out upon Christendom. Through out Christendom now thousands of people were rejoicing in consequence of these bless ings of which he came to tell them; and why should not they ? In conclusion. he thanked those present for their attendance and attention, and invited them for their own welfare to investigate the matters he had laid before them. The remarks of the evangelist, who mentioned incidentally that he was a University man and held a Univer sity degree, were listened to with great interest. 