NEWS AND NOTES. A Welsh Service.-Mr. Jonathan C. Davies gave another service in AYelsh in St. John's Church, Melbourne-x'dad, yes- terday afternoon. Mr. Davies hope3 that the AVelsh residents of Perth will attend his services. > . Mr. B. H. Wittenoom.-The Premier has received a cablegram from Mr. E. H. AVittenoom, the new Agent-General, to the effect that lia had arçived at Hong Kong, and expected to reach London about the end of June or the beginning of July. Registered Companies.-The following companies wero registered at tho Supreme Court last week.--The Monarch Gold Mining Company, No Liability ; Mcculloch Carrying Company, Limited, offica Cliff street, Fremantle. Perth Stock Exchange.-To-day being Whit Monday, and AVednesday next being the anniversary of the foundation of the colony, have been declared bank holidays. In consequence there will be no meetings of the Stock Exchango of Perth to- dayW on AVednesday M.C.L. Convalescent .Home. - Sub- scribers are reminded that the annual meeting will'bs held this afternoon in the Trinity Church Lecture Hall at half-past four to receive ,the report and balance sheet, and to> elect the committee for the ensuing year. Intercolonial Mails.-The mail which was advertised to leave for the Eastern colonies on Saturday last per s.S. Wollowra | has been postponed till 2 p.m. to-day. The ordinary weekly mail will, be made up on Wednesday next at 1.-15 p.m. for trans- mission by the R.M.S. O-uba. Railway Institute, Fremantle.-A lecturo, illustrated by diagrams, on :* Tho Development of the Brhish Navy," with soacial reforanco to its pro-ont day neces- sity, vas delivered on Friday* evening by Mr. J. G. Hay to an appreciative audience, at the Railway Institute, Fremantle. To go bottom notes Sickness in tee Police Force.-AVo understand that there is a considerable amount of sickness amongst the members of tho police force, not only in the city;, but on tho goldfields and in the country districts. In Perth alono therj aro some six or seven constables off duty, the chief complaints from which ¿hey aro suffering being fever and measles. St. Paul's Mission Sundat School. Tho distribution of prises to tho children attending "St. Paul's Mission Sunday Schoo', Chai-lo3-straet, took plica yostarday afternoon. Thora wai a large attendance, tho Sunday sebsol bïing filled with Hu children and their friends. The prizes woro distributed by tho Right Rev. J)r. Kiley, Anglican Bishop of Perth, who de- livered an address to the children. Mr. E. T. Scammell.-A special meet- ing of the Perth Chamber of Mino3 has boen convened for to-morrow at noon, at the Palaco Hotel. Tho object of the meeting is to wish ion voyage to Mr. E. T. Scammell, the late secretary, on tho eve of his departuro for England. Wo under- stand that the Minister of Minos (Mr. n. B. j Lefroy) lias been invited to attend, and has signified h¡3 intention of being present. Department op Agriculture.-Mr. L. Lindley-Cowen, the Secretary to tho De- partment of Agriculture, has received a communication from Siam, asking for in- formation regarding the climate and soil of West Australia, in viow of sending soads of a number of fruits for trial hero. Mr. Despsis3Îs, horticultural and vittcul tural expert, has replied, giving the con- ditions for cultivation of fruit on the Swan. Fire at Highgate Hill.-A fire broke out in a dwelling-house at Highgate Hill early on Saturday morning. The constablo doing beat duty in the locality noticed a glare, and obtaining entrance,, with the assistance of some neighbours extinguished the flames. The police reported that there were certain suspicious circumstances surrounding the lire, and tho coroner having beon informed of the matter oponed an inquest yesterday morning. The Land Acts.-Tho Secretary to the Department of Agriculture has recoived a communication from the Acting Under- secretary for Lands, ia reply to the reso- lution that had been carried' at the recent Conference of Producers, "That in tho opinion of this conference the Government bo urge.i to proceed with tho Bill dealing with the consolidation and amendment of the existing Land Act3 at the earliest opportunity, aud also to give particular attention to any clauses in such Bill re- lating to leaseholds." The letter states that it is the intontion of the Minister to introducá the Bill during the next session. Fremantle Government Hospital. The following is the report of the resident medical officer of the institution for the week ended May 29 :-Admitted, 15 (in- cluding 4 cases of typhoid) ; discharged, 11 ; deaths, 4 ; remaining under treatment, (51 (including .15 cases of typhoid). The deaths referred to were those of George Andrews,51.from pneumonia; John Brown, 12 months, from croup ; Harold McKenzie, 5 years, from compound depressed fracture of the skull; and - O'Farrell, ago un- known, who was found to bo dead upon admission. St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church. \- Notwithstanding i hat Presbyterian Churches have recently bean opened at West Perth and Subiaco, yestsrday wit nesssd a record congregation at St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Pior-strest. In tha morning side seats had to be utilised to acîommodate the communicant», the Rev. D. Ross, M.A., assisted by the Very Rev. D. J. 'Robertson, officiating. In the evening the Rar. A. Crowe, minister-elect of Kalgoorlie, occupied tho pulpit. The collection for the day was tho largest yet receive*. Dr. Zillmann'8 Lecture. - " What England Owes to Gladstone" was the sub- ject of Dr. Zillmann's lecture in the Bohemia Hall last evening. Thore was a large audience. Dr. Zillmann summed up the ideas of Gladstone as a great literary and political genius, a powerful orator, a Parliamentary debater, a public hall speaker, and a mighty opon-air declaimor. He was also a mau of splendid moral' quali- ties, whosB goodness was owing to his broad hnmanitariani3m, taking in, as it did, his work as a reformer and philan- thropist. The lecture was attentively listened to. New Warehouses.-Messrs. Sargood, Butler, Nichol, and Ewen, the well-known firm of wholesale warehousemen, of Vic- toria, New South Wales, Queensland, and New Zsaland, owing to the rapid increase of their trade in Western Australia, find their present accommodation inadéquats. Theyvhavo therefore decided to ereot large and substantial warehouses on their land iii Wellington-straot, Perth, and also on the land recently acquired by them in Hannan-street, Kalgoorlie. Mr. J. Talbot Hobb3, architect, of Perth, has received instructions to proceed to Melbourno, in order to consult with Sir frederick Sargood and Mr. Henry .Butler as to the prepara- tion of designs for the new buildings, tenders for which will be called as soon as tha plans and specifications aro ready. Cabmen's Licenses.-During the hearing of a charge of having beon drunk while in charge of a horse and vehicle, heard by the police magistrate in tho City Police Cqnrt on Saturday, Mr. Roe stated that in future cab-drivers who might bo brought before him on similar chargos would havo to produce their licenses, so that ho might endorse their conviction t'ierooa.' Mr. Roe characterised the misdemeanour as one of considerable gravity, for the delin- quent was a cau30 of danger to life and limb to himself, his fare-it he had ona at tha time-and to the public Ha intended, as far as lay in his power, to do what he could to pi-event licsnsed drivers at any. rate from becoming a menace to public safety. Weslet Church P.S.A.-Mr. E. T. Scammell, late secretary to the Perth Chamber of Mines, who is about to leave for England, addressed the Pleasant Sun- day Afternoon meeting in Perth AVesley Church yestorday on '. My impressions of AVestem Australia." Mr. Scamuiell dwelt upon the future prospects and the political, social, and religious life of the colony. Ho expressed great faith in AVestern Australia^ The chairman, the Rsv. G. E. Rowe, tonk the opportunity to thank Mr. Scammell for the servicss he had rands-ad to tito Plea- sant Sunday Afternoon services, and on behalf of the_meuibers wished him god- speed. The vocalists for tho afternoon were Messrs. J. H. Stott and E. Leach. The orchestra rendered selections in an effective manner under the direction of Mr S. Gould, Mr. W. E. Bold acting as ac- companist. Cement Works at Fremantle.-Tho tender of Messrs. J. Inness and Co. was recently accepted for the erection at Fre- mantle of premises, from plans prepared by Mr. F. TV. Barwell, F.R.I.B.A., in which to carry on the manufacture of silica, Portland cement, and hydraulic lime. The site secured for the worksMs in South Fre- mantle, fronting the Esplanade, and the buildings, which have already been com- menced, are being pushed on vigorously. The machinery is on board tha steamer Cornwall, which is duo at Fremantle on 13th June, and it is exps;ted that the works will be in full swing before tho end of July. The works are being erected under the direction of Mr. Frank Oakden eneral manager of the Milburn Lime and Cement Company, Dunedin), who has successfully established similar works in New Zealand for tho above company. Messrs. Willshire and Feely, of Fremantle, agents for tha well-known Anchor brand of Portland cement, have purchased the patent rights for Western Australia. Visitors por England.-Among the passengers by the mail train on Saturday were Miss Lee-Steere aud Miss Alice Lee Steere, who are on their way to England for a visit. They proceeded hy train to Albany, to catch the R.M.S. Himalaya on har voyage to England. Sir James Lae Steere accompanied his daughters (to Albany, and Lady Lee-Stsere, who went with the travellers as far as the Midland Junction, there finished her journey and returned to Perth. Another passougei- on Saturday was Mr. O. P. Stables, la'o Under- secretary for Education, who has been granted six months' leave of absence on full salary, in order that ho may pay a visit to tho mother country. J le al*o voyages to England hy the Himalaya. Mrs. Stables and Sir. Cyril Jackson, the Inspec- tor-General of School?, accompanied "Mr. Stables as far as Guildford. A large num- ber of the friends of the travellers wero present at the Central Ballway Station, to bid thom srood-bye, arnon» thoso prosont being the Premier (Sir John Forrest) and Lady Forrest. The Museum and Ant Gallert.-Mr. J. Ford Paterson, of Melbourne, has ac copisd tho offer made by the committoa to purchase his painting entitled the " Great Southern Ocean," a work of art of tho highest merit. Mr. K. A. M. Stevenson, who reviewed in the "Magazine of Art" the Australian paintings exhibited at the Colo- nial Exhibition, wroto, in criticising the re- cent exhibition of Australian avtin London, that the work of Mr. Ford Paterson had " pleased Min in 1SSJ moro than that of any Australian painter. On that oa ~ision he seemed the only man who reashed any- thing liko tho mystery of afmosphere, the grand breadth of a general effect, or the unity of impression that comes from fine composition and artistic subordination of detail and ' local colouring.' Now his work by no means sfcauds alone in technique, though very few oqual Mr. Paterson in the depth of his feeling for the beauty of air and shadow, and evening gloom of a forest vista/' Mr. Stevonson adds that " since 1SSG Australian art is no longer promise, but performance, and no whit below Euro- pean in technique and brilliancy of execu- tion. With this we aro confident that those of our readors who visited the loan exhibition of works by Ford Paterson, David Davis, Longstaff, and Arthur Streo ton in 189Ö, will agree." Whitsunday .in Fremantle. - Festal services to celobrate the Feast of Pentecost wore held in St. John's Church, Fremantle, yesterday. There were" celebrations of tho Holy Communion at 7.30 a m. and after Matins. At the morning service tho officiant and preacher was the Eov. Basil Arundell. At evensong the Venerable tho Archdeacon officiated and preached. The Magnificat and Nunc Dimittis wero sung to Wnlmisley Little in D, and the anthem was G-. A. Macfarren's "O.Holy Ghost." At the conclusion of the service Mr. C. W. Bandle, organist and choirmaster of the church, played Adolph Hesse's Fantasia in E as a concluding voluntary. The offer- tories throughout the day wero in aid of the Fremantle Hospital. At St. Paul's, Beaconsfield, special servicas wero also held. There were two celebrations of the Holy Communion, and the rector, the Esv. Edward Saunders, preached at both Matins and evensong. The St. Paul's Communi- cants' Society made its first corporate com- munion. The music throughout the day was under the direction of Mr. J. H. Eales, who presided at the organ. Some new altar hangings and ornaments, which have been prosented to the church, were used for the first time yesterday. FUNERAL of Mr. W. J. Wisbey.-The funeral of the late Mr. William John Wisbey, who died on Friday last, took place on Saturday afternoon, at 3 o'clock. The cortège left the residence of Mr. T. Briggs, Roe Street, Perth, and the remains were followed to their last resting-place, the Church of England portion of the Perth Cemetery, by a large number of friends. The chief mourners were-Mrs. Wisbey (wife of the deceased), Mrs. T. Briggs, Messrs. T. Briggs, McDavitt and Clough. The pall-bearers were-Mr. Weedon (station-master, Perth), Inspectors Wakeham, Brown, Summer, Hurlston and Drewe. A large number of the deceased's fellow-employees, connected with him while pier-master at the Port and in the Railway Department, also attended the funeral. Amongst the wreaths placed upon the coffin were those sent from the following : - The forwarding and com- mission agents at Fremantle, the Harbour and Lights Department, Fremantle Jetty's staff, West Perth station officials and Mr. and Mrs. McDavitt. The burial service was read by the Rev. J. Ellis, who officiated at the grave, and the funeral arrange- ments were carried out under the personal supervision of Mr. Donald J. Chipper. Christian Endeavour Societt.-The monthly meeting of the executive com- mittee of the West Australian Christian Endeavour Union was h»ld last Friday evening in the Wesley Vestry, Mr. T. Hedley Nicholls beinpj in the chair. There wore present:-The Eev. A. S. Wilson (ex prosident), and representatives of the various societies., The Kev. A. J. Barcliy was appointed superintendent o£ "Com- rades of the Quiet Hour," and asked to nominate a committee. The Bsv. G. E. Wheatley was askel to act as superin- tendent of " G-ood Citizenship." The quarterly "rally" is to bo held in the Church of Christ, Lake-scraat, on the 14th June next, and n committee was appointed to arrange details. It was decided that on that occasion explanatory addresses would he given npon "The Comrades of the Quiet Hour" and "The Tenth Legion." The secretary's report wa3 read, and approved. The superintendent of juveniles reported numerous visits to junior societies. The "lookout" convenor strongly urged upon all delegates to give in full reports of Union proceeding to the societies. The "floating" work superintendent reported good work done on board the vessels lying in the Fremantle harbour, aud that a sailors' social was being arranged. The treasurer's report showed the Union to be in a good, financial position. The Clare- mont Congregational and the Subiaco Wasley societies wore than received into membership, and alliliatod with the Union. The transport agent (the Eov. A. S. Wilson), in connection with the Melbourne Con- vention of 1833, stated that he dapanded on getting a considerable reduction in the rate of fares to Victoria for the large numbsr that intended visiting this con- vention in September, and that he would bo glad to take the names of intending visitors. Attention is directed to Messrs. B. C. Wood and Co.'.i ancito« of gi-ooeriiM this laoriiinjr at 74 Melbourne-road, at 11 o'clock. A ireiicr.il meeting of the Christian Broihe»' Old CuUc£Ûva3* Association was held on Thurs- day craning last. The rule* were passed, nnl the secretary w.is instructed to make all neces- sary arrangement« for the ii lujrural dinner, which is to be held on Thursday, July 7th. A leucarsnl of the members of the Perth Liedertafel Sorietr will be held at t.:e Collu.e of Music, Hny-street. to-night, under Dr. Sum- mers' direction. New members will be enrolled at 7.30 o'clock. Sullivan's " The Long Day 01ose3 " asd the new part sods, " The Soldier's Dream," will lie rehearsed. A oiiver-aiioue will be held hy the Fre- mantle branch of the Australian Nativo»' Association at the su.ipsr room of tho Town Hall this evening. A mnsical programme will bo «resented dunn? the evening;, and refresh- ments and parlour games will be provided for the comjanv. 