AUSTRALIA'S FIRST GOYERNOR. DOES HIS GHOST WALK? Mr. James-Bonwick's persevering re- searches (observes the London cor- respondent of the "Argus) have settled many an interesting poin't respecting the old worthies who were concerned in laying the foundations of Australian hidtory. His latest discoveries re- late to the first three Governors of New South Wales. For many years he has tried to ascertain where Go- vernor Phillip, the founder of the colony, was buried, but was always baffled until quite recently. Governor Phillip had two seats in Hampshire, and the churchyards in the vicinity were carefully searched, but in vain. At length Bath was suggested as a likely spot, and enquiries detected that he died there on August 31, 1841, at the age of 76, at 19 Barnett-street, but the most careful enquiries failed to re- veal where he was interred. At last Major Simpson, the Mayor of Bath, suggested that the churchwardens of all the churches in the vicinity of Bath should be communicated with, and this expedient, soon brought a satis- factory response from General De'h- son, living at Bathampton, a village about four miles from Bath. He wrote that there was a slab in the local church in memory of Admiral Phillip and his wife, both of whom were buried inside the church porch. Mr. Bon- wick went down, and was driven to Bathamnlton by Major Simpson. who evinced much interest in the discovery, and who was not only determined to have a commemorative slab placed on the house where Governor Phillip died, but would be glad to have a more permanent and prominent memorial to the first Governor of Australia erected in Bath if the Australian Go- vernments or public cared to provide it. There is nothing on the slab in Bathampton Church to indicate that the deceased admiral had any connec- tion with Australia. Mr. Bonwick went over the house in Bennett-street, and saw the room where the Admiral expired. He also heard from a lady that there is a tradition that the Ad- miral haunts the house. He first ap- peared, so runs the story, to a servant girl at the top of the house, with all the usual concomitants attending such visitations. She fled in terror to her mistress as soon as the Admiral in blue vanished, and later on, when shown some pictures, identified that of Admiral Phillip as the ghostly ori- ginal. Successive generations of ser- vant girls have seen the uneasy spirit, and heard the noises by which it mani- fests its approach, but none of the other occupants of the house appear to have confessed to knowledge at first sight. Major Simpson has promised to send the Mayor of Sydney a photo- graph of the church in which Governor PhilIlp is buried. Mr. Bonwick has ascertained that Governor Hunter is buried in the churchyard of Old Hackney Church, and that Governor King is interred in the churchyard of a church at Brixton, and has a slab erected to his memory. The Rev. L. J. Fish, the vicar of Bat.hampton Vicarage, Bath, has, through a letter in "The Times," appealed to the colo- nists of New South Wales to worthily mark the resting-place of Governor Phillip, the "Father of Australia," and a maker of Greater Britain. 