THE GHOST OF HAILSHAM CASTLE. [FOB RECITATION.] "TAT.KIK' of ghosts, reminds me, Mam, Of a story now many years old ; It 'appened one night when my husband, Sam, Got too much to drink, and was bold. Now, Sam, ye must know, lis wasn't o'er well The mornin' 'e loft for the fair, An' so 'ecalled in at the 'Old Blue Bell,' To have a drink, 'e and the mare. He said he'd be home not later than tlx Both '0 aud the old mare together; Button o'clock struck—I thought, Sam's in a fix, An' lying dead drunk at * the Feather. At the thought 0' that, Mam, I felt full o' grief. I couldn't see black night for cryin*; To turn over quite another new leaf, I vowed it while sobbin' an sighin'. I'd leave him, I would, that there very night; I'd go w here he never w.,u!d find me. I put on my things nnd made myself right To cut 'im and leave'im behind me. I'd to pass on that night that very old pile— Thecastle—once owned by 'Ould Robin, Tired out jion a stone I sat for awhile, For iny heart was n-beatin' au' sohliin'.' Some sailors, ye know, from the neighbouitt' coast, Were standin' wi' some folks quite near; They were talking and whispenn' bout a weird ghost, As walked there that night every year. 'Twa.t now 'bout midnight, an' all was so dark. The blackest of nights without doubt; I was thiukin' of 'ome, when the sailors cried ' Hark There it is ! See 1 Walkiu' about 1' I screamed when I saw it; it looked, oh, so wliito, As it stealthily walked np and down j Except a long robe which wasshiney and bright, Nothing else had it on bat that gown. The village 'twas 111 such a terrible plight Men, women nnd children stood fixed ; Tlicy enmo far and near in the dead the night, And they looked nota little unmixed. The news reached Ihe ears of Viscount Macdauna, Who now stood in front 0' the throng, tJazin' together wi' Lady Susannnh, Who whispered that 'somethm' was wrong.' The ghost shouted out in grave tones, ' Hallo 1' 'Twos a long, piercing, dismal, deep groan. The crowd scurtied back with a scared, mighty * Oh !' For someone had thrown a big stone. On came the ghost with such terrible speed. His while robos a-flowin' in the air ; A-howlin'and gronnin* because o 1 that, ,. deed, He soiled Lord Macdanna's young heir. • Stop J' cried the parson, • speak 1 who, sir,art t-liou f The ghost nota word did itspeak.Mam; I conjure thee to speak, who,fir, art'thou?' ;Dontcherknow, old cock 1 Why, I'm . Sam r " Smith : right f ' Are tho whisky and cigars oil Brown . " Yes, they'reunder tho seat." "And the lunch ?" That's under tho seat, too." And the hook; .and lines T" "By Jove] I forgot tlism Smith Brown: Smith : Brown : entirely. Smith : That's too bad. • VYoll I tappose we'il have to gst along the heft way wejoan without them/", "•.','j ' Teacher: " WhoWUT U'RI^I!; - J'! Touirn (• TradJ'cs: " Please, inu'.-nt he wafo celebi-atci Englishman." , Teacher : *' llowin the.world, d.d.'yoh get; that itnurc-tion ?" - ;7." Tommy Trdddles ; ,** Why. ho wi.s so fond cf hie tub." . .„' " After several bright-children kin a class bad given' their various answers to their teachct's atioiy for,the definition of w ile, a sotrowful liule maiden spoke up: " Someone for a won tn find fault with vhtn thing* go wrong," M tri.vr OpsELEy. 