A MlDSHIPM AN'SflQMANGE, BY GIiARK RUSSELL, Author of'The Wreck" of the Grosvenor,* •/'The Golden Dope/' "The Death «hip/« ; The^Frpzeii Pirhte," "Atf" Dcean Ini« • gedyj i 'A SeaQueen/' "My Danish ' fcweethea'rt,""TheG<k>dShijrMohock/' Alone on a Wide, .Wide Sea, 'The TaiU of the .Ten/' &c.; ' CHAPTER XUI.—THE QUARTER *, BOAT. - , - 1 was wearied in limb and profoundly ■ moved in spirit, but I was not sleepy: >1 was overwhelmed by the spectacle of ocean desolation. The solitude was made infinite' Dy the far-reaching stars, andbythe sradjc^ ing lookof the dusk at the horizon, and By the innumerable murmur of waters about the reefs, and by that pallid vision of wreck which did indeed show in that light like the very ghost of the Glendower. . All sorts of strange-sounds broke from, the birds sleeping about the island. But the land-crab crawled on the white sand, and his match was silent, unless a number fell foul, and then you could -bear thcin grinding over one another's backs. There would be no moon till late. I saw no motion in the men near the boat', and those, in the boat lay still. I - ? Though our needs were common, and the distress of every man asgreat'as another's, yet- already, cxtraOrdinary- to relate, our shipwrecked party had formied themselves into two colonies, and daeh" viewed the other with'distrust.; I quite clearly , saw .that the men did not mean to include me in any scheme which they had projected, "and thus I "judged that they looked upon me as an.cnemv, one "to be watched and' to be kept" off. lluman passion is the same, whether in the populous city or on the barren reef. 1 have heard of two men. who were cast awav upon a little island. The^liad nobody to speak to but each other. So keen was the sense of their des perate condition that-, like Crusoe, they would ring their hands in the misery of their hearts, and gaze with - the looks of madmen at that brain-swelling breast of sea. which swept measureless into the sky all around them, yet was never once broken by a sail. Rut these two could not agree. They fell* into arguments about eternity, lost their tempers, and decided upon seiai rating. So One man went to live upon the. other side of the island, where he was hidden from his mate by intervening hum mocks and hilly ranges. Days passed, months passed. A ship hove into sight, drew close, and sent a boat ashore for water. Tliev took aboard the living skele ton of a mar. who could scarcely speak, lie appeared to have lost the knowledge of ' 1 1*'» ... ,1 I 1 bint rtl-Otl coVds. When they had hoisted liim ovei ic he was heard to mutter, "then the side - —- . . . is another." On which the boat returned to the island, and the sailors halloed and searched, and arriving on the eastern side tliev found the remains of a mail lying in. rags, with his skull resting upon Ins skele ton wrist. Such is human nature. The stars wheeled and flashed. A blue air would tome in fitful dusky moans out of the sea. 1 peeped into the tent, and saw that Relic was asleep. Then, squatting afresh, 1 folded my arms, and dropped oil into an uneasy doze. 1 was startled by what I believed the sound of thunder or the report of a gun. But I diA not need this to awaken me, for, probably ^ alarmed by the noise, the monkey thai had been* sleep ing by mv side sprang upon my knees, and 1 jumped' to my feet in consternation, throwing the alarming brute away. What could it have been? I stared a. round the sea, but saw not the least wink of lightning; there was not a cloud in t ie sky. I explored the dusky surface ot the deep with mv eves in search of a ship, but i • WHmtnrov rwiis<» might have been, it bad not disturbed the slee]>ers near the boat and in it, and Belle continued to sleep. I made up mv mind to consider that it bad been a little shock of earthquake, and then squatted afresh and dozed as before. Some tunc between five and six the uuwn broke, ami I was then awake, and wailing for it. The (lash of the sun was the reve lation of a day of high splendour and tropic peace. 1 looked eagerly round the sea. until mv eves going to the stem of the wreck I started. 1 understood at once the cause of that strange midnight noise. The wreck had slipped some feet oil the rock, depressing the stern and lifting the brass rail at the break of the poop above the water-line. The cabin windows flashed, utii Runr stars of the sun burnt m the brass worJ», I the deck was no longer ail abrupt steep, I and 1 stood for some minutes gazing thoughtfully at the boats which continued ■ to bang in the davits. One bodv onlv had come ashore in die night. It lav oil the left about two hun dred yards' distant from where the boy - and fli' boatswain rested under the pall ot sailcloth. More cargo had lioated on the beach dining those hours of darkness. i noticed a number of pianoforte cases, and laige white boxes marked with a cross and the letter R, ot the contents of winch 1 was ignorant. The moment the sun lose all the birds on the two islands, with a lew exceptions, ilew up into tnc nir amIIj an ex' raordinan- noise. The vibrant sound was like the note of a gong falling down reverberant from fbe brassy morning sky in the middle of the heavens '1 he monkey was filled with horror, and fled as before all directions. It truly seciuc-d as though h° was going through a part, for when the birds, having readied a certain height, divided into two clouds, the creature squatted down and watched them sail awav with the most mournful liaugdog ex pression vou could imagine. Whilst I stood looking at the wreck a baud was ligiitilv laid upon my shoulder. It was Belle. A "woman in her stays is not considered to be dressed; but bad lliis girl been flounced out in a morning gown-of the loveliest pattern at the sweetest price I should not have found hei* prettier. 1 liked the exhibition of her well-turned little feet under her short petticoats. One saw how well-made she was too. There was no pad ding, no stuffing, no wadding — all was beauty, and nature, and love. Her liair was as dry as hay. The light of the morning was in her 'yes, and the freshness of ita rose was on her cheeks. She told me she had slept soundly. I pointed to the wreck, and bade her observe how the alter part'had settled down by the stern. , . , , , "How long arc we going to, remain, Wal ter? And what is your-scheme if the men should abandon us?" • As she asked this question the figures ly ing near the boat stirred, shed their P'cce . of sailcloth each man as though he had be-; ,y longed to some kingdom then .-they rose, straining th^r ««£ , The others iu the boat jy and the seven men stoou i. t- fttfibreSUi ; fully I wutdifid - answer Bf >e 8:3j go iiid>it;irfjhj?-i: iJicm. I theni«w gaji0rs filMtefef'"'6'"™' S3» They looked uncommonly itoaggy -and surly and bloodehotin tbeplercing Bght, and shifted uneasi]y, tw0 5>r threeof them "even turning their Dacke as I advanced. I sang outi cheerily— ,... "Good morning, my lads." . "Good morning," one or two answered. "I've come .for some breakfast. Do you notire the vvreck?" r ^ " • "Ay, she'a settled a bit,*' one inan re plied. "Aire yon going'to leave this reef to-day?" said I. ■ '■ 7 "No." said the man "who liad last spoken. "You don't mind givingme and the lady a chance for*our lives?" paid I; At> this those who had their backs upon me turned, and they all stared. "Why" do'you ask that'question?" said Cl^2"re two'boats left aboard that wreck." mid I; "and I should he very much obliged if you wo'uld Put, alJ?5d auart£ boat, and aelp me Up bring that quarter That'll he to understand by so domg that ••on and us ran shift for ourselves. •• Mi right" I said, and with all the cool „«*" 3'„».»ou, I the oases and other cases, and took what 1 wanted, and went slowly towards tire tent. 1 could hear the men buzzing, tn talk. It w as now certain it bad. been them mtention to give us tlie slip: tliank God that tue wreck still remained to yield me a boi^ <n- our plight must have meant death. As third mate of the vessel I had no particu lar knowledge of the commodities she eai ried. I had not helped to stow lier.. As JL have said, I was simply a man. in receipt of a pound a month tor looking after the other midshipmen, and nicknamed "third mate." Was it known to these men, or suspected by thern, that the ship was carrying specie, and that some of it in boxes might wash up? They would ?m' sider one box good booty, very jell worth waiting for-it might cm tarn, a thousand sovereigns. I could not hut tiun^ that in estranging themselves from me th°v had some hope or motive larger than might be explained by the valuables and mlLy they had met with m the piuwsn iTeepk-^inusing. I entered the tent w-ith full of drink and food-and found lielie sitting in her canvas bed hmghing at the monkey; in fact a merry laugh bioke fir.m her us 1 entered. "1 am certain he lias been an actor she exclaimed, getting up, and then i;j a swift change to gravity she said- Have jou spoken to the men. ** \re thev brutal?'* „ . . "1 am going with them after they have breakfasted to get one of the boats irorn tlie wreck; we will water ami provision ha\ tjml srtil jiwhy at tjiiee. . , "At'once!" she cried. She was and looking down at herself said— Waltel, cannot you find me a dress.' "1 will see to that. L answered. J-et now get some breakfast.' I had unconsciously brought away some champagne. I had thought it was Bur i-undv. It foamed pleasantly, but tasted si langclv in the tin out of which we drank it Belle was thirsty and hungry, and so was 1, and so was the monkey. W e hart ,1,1 water at hand for the monkey, and we iniide as hearty a meal as though our dan jr-is wei'e at an end, and all was vvell with u's. She asked me where I kIioviI,! yteer 1.1m boat to, and 1 answered that I would . mobablv trv for Pemambueo, but 1 was afraid that" we should have to go away " ■•In1 UmifS"%aid T, "the further we draw from these reels the linger will glow i,In- chance of being rescued. The men were eating and drinking-near their bout, 'lite picture, despite the snh-mlot'v of the morning, was full ot toi 1 , mess. It. was sad to see the bodies King upon the beach of tlie other island, lied' to know that they must remain un buiied. This flushed me vvitb a resolution to <lig a hole with a stretcher to put little Povton's remains in whilst the men lneak farted, but being without a cap, and ob <ei viug that the head of the figure that bad come ashore during .the "'t^t was rovered, 1 went down to it. dt was t uil iim. lie lav on his back, and his lace ftared up at the sky. He bad probab^ h.ur drowned some time before be was washed ashore, and Ins struggle had been an eiusv one. He had met death with a •riiile. and tlie spirit 1 had noticed in lnm at tlie last still seemed to be visible m his countenance. 1 used to laugh at lnm for his religious convictions and efforts, cet could not but now think, as I looked down upon him, that he had done we t., lead ail honest life and to live both in the tear and the love of God. .... 1 t,»iok his cap from his head and put it . >n mine. 1 also removed his. gold watch and silver chain, with the intention of "riving them up to his people should 1 be preserved Willi a shudder of loathing I sno-ked away some land crabs which weie •returns about him, and went to the piece jf canvas under which lay the other two -jodies. 1 lifted a. corner, but-O my God! ivhat dhl I see? I shrieked like a girl. S'ovor before nor since did I receive so vio lent a shock. The faces of both, hoy and man. had been denuded entirely of flesh >Y the crabs. Two grinning skulls reposed ride bv side, and one of them was that of i, little gentleman, one who had been a romantic dreamer, a poet m heart, with lhe lire- of genius in his spirit. 1 could not leive him to lie like that -however it must lo with the others, and, sick of soul, I wMit to work with my stretcher. l,could have i»l;ed no clumsier conimance to dig I mavo in the sand. I made a hole, but with ic.finite labour, for the threw up mere spoonfuls, and the silver mud wal like water, and streamed down ts fast as 1 flung it out. At last I dug a grave big enough to re ceive -this poor little boy, and then i fetched his body and laid lnm in Ins tomb, i covered liiin quickly, for the sight would have c-onquered a stronger spirit than mine, and when lie was hidden, 1 pulled on my can, and knelt down and said a short '"tIkT men had finished their breakfast, and they bad unshipped the awning of the boat and one was now shouting to me to come ■den" »s they were all ready. I lifted my a,.m1n motion of assent. Belle stood in the door of tlie tent. "Where are you goute: she asked. "To the wreck for a boat.' "I sliall be left alone. "J skill not he ,6'ng- gone,' said I; but she Avis vvntte and' speechless as I paused on. It was no part'of my scheme, however, to irritate the men by keeping them waiting. 1 was sure it would be all right with her, ' talked briskly to the W- They seemed impatient, and when I was come the a^ven of them gVa.spd the ^nwaiw and drove the boat afloat. I waded after them and climbed into her. Three of the men waded ashore, and this I had not foreseen• It made me very uneasy to think of Belle \- for <Hrcu ah liour alone with tlircc of tliosc %t*vcT* rascals*. However, I composed my 53f . ^ face," andconsoled ; myself with. reflecting, that in everything that Delates to the'sea,' a great deal.iaust be'left to change. 4- >r .1 sat mthestern-ebeete, and. would not even look behind me, lest. the meii should think I was suspicious of their shipmates. The four sailors threw their oars -over,, and we proceeded very cautiously. They had not shipped a rudder;, and: they, steered with their oars. I ventured to say:— .• "Do you intend to go to Pernamhueo when you leave the" reef?". "We hain't made up our minds to'any thing," answered the fellow, who pulled stroke. -^"Anyhow, I'm-for giving the Por tuguese a wide berth-" • _ I asked no more questions, and we gained the side of the wreck. Three of the men and 1 sprang into £he mizzen-chains, and clambered on to the poop. The fabric had .settled down out of the violent slope of the plank, and motion was easy. Impatient' as the fellows were/ they could not but pause with a tort of gasp, when they looked" around them at that picture of wreck, and saw their old forecastle like a figure of char cool ahead yonder, and all between water. T peered over the starboard side, and saw a beat- still afloat, with the blocks of its falls .hooked into -it, when I guessed that the des perate angle of the demt had not been al lowed for, so that t]»e boat was lowered at that angle, and threw everybody out of her. This is mere surmise. It is certain the boat was lowered. " ] took-a swift view of the reef, and saw the three men knocking open some of the cargo, down by the water's edge. This lightened my spirits,"and it was a satisfaction likewise to me to haw them in view. "Which boat 'ull be your choice?" said one of the sailors. "Oh, the quarter boat," T answered, for the gig that hung at the stern had not this boat s seaworthy properties. She was long and slender, was fitted witli brass rowlocks, and was built for rowing. The quarter' boat, on the other band, was fitted with air-boxes, which made a, lifeboat of ber. her sail lav in her, stowed to its mast. In her, always in readiness—for the boats had. been uiider m.v especial charge—Jay a. large' breaker of fresli water, a rudder, and yoke witli lines, four bars, and a baler and phig.' I do not.remember that more furniture than this went to her. I looked through the skylight-window, and saw that the water or- the cabin-floor, owing to the tilt of the deck, washed no further aft than the com-, panion-steps, so that the cabins under the wheel could be entered. One of these cabins had been Bowser's, the otli'er the chief mate's. 1 said to the men— "Before you lower the- boat, I want to overhaul the captain's cabin for nautical instruments and charts, to'ascertain where we are." "Ain't it under water said a man, walking to the skylight. "Xo;" said I, and the three of them fol lowed pie down the companion-stops. It was like going to the bottom of the sea to descend into this interior. A surfae.1 of water, green, dark, gleaming, swept from the foot of the companion-ladder to about midway the height of the cuddy "front. The scene was distantly made ghastly by the apparition of two dead bodies in each other's arms, floating in the port comer, forward. The light there was so bad, owing to the dusk thrown into the atmosphere by the green brine, that I could not distinguish whether tliey were meii or women. But it was no moment for sentiment. Indeed, the fabric of wreck might at any instant slip again and add four more imprisoned bodies to these two. So: without pausing to muse upon this dreadful soaked picture of deadly, motionless water, mirrors mockingly spark ling over if;. J lie piano with its associations of song anil touchier. the table which had been regularly filled day afier d-ty by hungry passengers, with poor Bowser's jolly fat face glowing like the lising 1110011 at the head of iljT passed swiftly into the captain's cabin, huTTAV?ra. fpllo.ved by t)he men. 'l bis was a large room well lighted by a stem window, aim "liberally furnished with all necessary sc-a appliances'. . My eye was immediately faken bv a boat's compass upon ilie table. Everything bad glided down to the batten or coaming. T left the chrono meters, but took Bowser's sextant, tele scope. certain nautical works, and, as quickly-as possible, I overhauled a quantity of charts whilst the men searched the loekeiv— for what 1 did not ask — and I never once locked at them. I thought I heard the chink of money, and it was not to be'siipposed'tbat the captain would come to sea without a bag or two of sovereigns. T took from a peg a warm coat that had belonged to Bowser: it would make a good rug for Belle in the boat; and dis tributing the articles, for J could not carry all, I led the way up the companion steps, and saw that the compass and telescope were safely placed in the locker in the stern sheets of the quarter boat: the coat, chart, and one or two other articles were next placed in the boat, wbich was then lowered. The men behaved civilly; some thing of their old sense of discipline seemed to have returned to them with this scene of the ill-fated ship's poop. It was not for me, however, to tell them that they were without a compass. They had meant to give me the slip.. What had 1 to thank them for? Why should I offer them good advice? Besides, for all I knew, some wild idea might possess them of sail ing east instead of west, by the sun: for sailors when undisciplined" and let-loose arc foots; they commit the unfathomable follies of the idiot; they are as hopelessly romantic as small school boys in their schemes, and thev are as capricious as the gulls which wheel about the sea. Xot one of these men knew what to do with ,v sex tant. and a compass would be of little use to them if they were unable to set them selves a course. But this was their con cern. 1 sprang on to the rail, and descended band over hand by the falls into the boat, out of which I threw the blocks. The men en toed their boat by the inizzen ! channels, and when thev had made i fast the painter of mv boat they towed me to the reef. The three men were still among the cargo down in the crawling surt. and I saw Belle watching us in the shadow of the dcor of her tent. As. we went along I gazed about very carefully for any sign's of dead bodies, but saw none. nor did I see any sharks, from which I infer that those horrible, deadly creatures were too prudent to enter into a network of shoals, otherwise such a ghastly picnic of dead bodies as that wreck provided must certainly have made a verv cemetery of those, waters, with the tombstones of wet, black Ibis. . We gained the reef. The men _ sprang out, and all seven drew their boat high and dry; they Jet mine lie nuzzling the three or four wire-like lines of nipples which sang sweetly in the ear in the fresh mass of their delicate melting of foam. The boat lay safe stern on, and as I was anxious to get away at once, I asked Die men to help me Id provision her. This they did. for they seemed as eager that I should be gone as 1 was to go. They filled the large breaker iu the bows witli fresh water from one of the casks. Ab tlierfe was a great abundance of provisions on the beach, there could be ! no excuse to sunt me, and I took in. more j than 1 thought we should ever. be likely to ; need, along with some wine and champagne incarire^^ . ibmbdaL~*riri«L^ thatl jhqd hot bjriai^t.awriy aameiumbleraaiid wine-glassee frpmthe wreck. e -' j; But empty meat tins im&t; -miffiee, "«id •when you are tirirsty you •will not "be . choice in yoiUMlrinktng vessel. . My next business was.to. find a. dress and a hat fopBelle,and a few vugs. 1 said to one of the i ^ - ' . „• '"Has anything* washed" up bearing the lady's letters?" . -l ain't seen nothing," said lie "P'raps it's stranded on t'other reef." ^. ] • '"Tlie Very few things 1. want," said I, in ' the-full -hearing -of "the others, "will be of 1 no use to you,-and I hope jim will -allow; me to help myself." \ j "1'h'ere's a box full of female wearing j clothes down yonder," said one .of the?men,, pointing to a large, black trunk- Some, liun- j dred feet distant, and dragged well clear of j the water. - ; ; : - 1 "Is it locked?" "It's been busted." I went quickly to it, and by the initials saw that it had belonged to Miss Parker. The men had thoroughly overhauled it," and then stuffed the things in again, leaving a few odds and ends outside. I quite saw that their whole and sole intent was money and jewellery, and then there was grog and good living to last, them a month, ana per haps two. They would riot want even a third mate to keep-an eye upon them. They | were poor," dirty, discontented, drunken sailors who, when they arrived at a port, would fall into the hands of a crimp, and he drugged, robbed, and shipped off afresh, ill as easy as lighting a pipe. Why should not they find a Tittle paradise in a bare reef under these melting heavens? _ The ship, had carried reni ns consigned freight, in ad dition to stores] and the 'stuff had coriie rolling in as though every cask had been alive, and knew that tipsy sailors were wailing for it. Hence, what with it and the wineS" and spirits, the hams and foods in c-ans, and the pork and beef which liad also arrived, shipwreck had provided these fel lows with a sumptuous plenty; they were not likely to hear of such delicacies ashore, and add to this the jewellery and valuables belonging to the passengers, and such gold as the ship might have been carrying. In the poor lady's box it is needless to say I found what I wanted. 1 took a.light dress, a couple of warm shawls, and a sailor's straw hat, a little broken- by the rough handling of the meu. Thus equipped, I walked to the terit, calling to the seamen as 1 passed them: "You see, my lads, our wants are very small." Belle was rejoiced at my return as if I had beeu away a month. She coloured hotly, her eyes sparkled, she stammered with delight; she had certainly been afraid of the three men we had left behind us. She put on Miss Parker's dress, and re ceived the bruised straw hat as gratefully as if she had been iii London and 1 had just arrived from Paris with something noble in millinery. "Come along," said I, and she came out of the tent, and we walked to the boat. I hoisted her in, threw the shawls in after hc.r, then begged a man to fetch me the piece of sailcloth from the tent- to serve as an awning, and whilst he was gone I cut off some rope's ends lying about- the beach, and these 1 also threw into the boat. The man returned with the piece of canvas. "You'll want stanchions for it," said one of the sailors, and he dropped the lid of a wine case over the boat's, bows. "Get your knife on yer?" he asked. "Yes." I answered. "Let me coil this painter down. Now, my lads, you can shove me off." I stood in the bows of the boat grasp ing an oar, whilst the men thrust the boat oft the beach. * "Good-bye," said I, "I may bear of you again." "Go-od-bye, sir,"' they answered, and they stood in a group, grinning .and watching us; and that was all they said, and but two or three said it. 1 had got the boat's head rouud, but did not choose to ship the rudder until we were clear of the reefs. 1 threw an oar over the stern and sculled slowly and very warily. The men receded, their figures diminished, the black forecastle drew near, and we passed the Glendower's poop ana stern, u ith the cabin windows dashing long lines of light into the dark blue placid water under them. It was strange to notice how small those reefs looked when we were only a little way off, and 1 marvelled that the volume of the sea in such wrath as that as had wrecked our ship did not sweep them into wild beds of loam. Belle did not speak a word; she stared with liorror at the poop of the wreck, and then 1 would see her gaze wandering into the eternity of waters which lay outside the reefs. 'It did not take long to go clear of those deadly shoals, and when 1 saw there were no more fangs of rock about us, and that ou'- little boat was afloat on fathom less water, I shipped the rudder, then stepped the mast and hoisted the sail, and jumped aft with the sheet in my hand to Belle's side to examine the chart. All of a sudden I was attracted by yells and cries from the beac-b, and standing up and looking behind me, 1 saw the men pointing to the water and making signs to me to return. I was startled. Indeed, I. may say I was very much alarmed. "What do ;hey intend by recalling you?" Belle cried. •Oh, don't go back to them." And in truth my first impulse was for holding straight; on; but reflecting that if they meant ;ne to return, they could sweep their boat by four .powerful oars,, and had therefore nothing to do but to fetch me, 1 lowered the sail, unshipped the rudder, and scaled the boat's bead round, wondering what the fellows meant by pointing at the water and shouting. .That reef only shows about eight feet of side at high water, and when you are some distance off, people skin ding on it seem to be walking, on the surface of the sea, and so the men appeared. I continued to . scull, trying to make Belle believe that the meu meant no mis chief. Why should they have sent us off with a cargo of plenty to, eafj and drink? Not, surely, for so idle a motive, as to halloo to us to return. Whilst I talked, I sculled the boat abreast of the stern of the wreck. A man who sculls lias his back upon the bows. I paused -here to look ahead, and immediately caught sight- of what resembled a cocoanut "coming along at us on top of a current. "The monkey!" shouted Belle, whose fright found expression in a fit of hysteric laughter. ... , Tlie monkey it was. A twist or two of the blade of the oar sent the boat alongside of Irim, where he lay shooting out like a frog, and, leaning over the gunwale I col lared the beggar and lifted him dripping over the side. 1* don't want to make too much of this incident, for even as it stands it may be doubted by those whose business lies in cities and not in dee]) waters. But I will say, nevertheless, that if ever the nature of man was confessed in the brute beast, it was visible in tlie behaviour of that monkey after I had.picked it up., I do not say thai it was grateful, that would not have been the nature of main, but he chattered with evident appreciation of his good luck, hugged himself, and made, much of himself, and with bis hangman's face was a sight to ? with7pl«vlJunb; Jtw-Jnel .menjTdiohad contuiyed sent a second city. Vt_ farewell after us, iaor | ■even^so roach as flourished arrarm nf^Gbd. speed." 