Brief Mention. Horse sale at Bowraville to-morrow (Saturday).4 . Monday week, August 22, will be court day at Bellingen. Playing for Nottingham against Surrey, Gtinn scored 230 hot out, Playing for Middlesex against Somerset, - Albert Trott, the Victorian, took II wickets. Mr. J. H. \y£nt retires from the Ministry, ; anci tnings- iuuk less- nan; iov Mr. item ana his party. ? . Mr. R. E. O'Connor says ho certainly in -tondaitojmtof'liie present Parliament within pa few weeksVi-J ? Mrs. Higgiijs- and family loft Bellinger Heads on:Moii(l*y Inst for the Macleay, where t-hey; will reside. '~ -- — Up to July Hist the maize shipped from the Clarence during the season amounted to 400,850 bushels. . Mr.' -W. Barry, J.P., of Bowraville; has been appointed , a gaurdian oE : minors for Nambucca district. ? ? Fernmount footballers went to Bowra on Saturday last, and were defeated by 12 to 5. Each side played with only nine men. Mr. Goodwin, M.P. for Gunnedah, offered to resign in favor of Mr. It. E. O'Connor, but his committee refused to sanction it. Mrs. Hicks, of Camden Haven, has been appointed to the charge of the post and telephone office at Bellinger Meads.. J. P. Joscphson is the lowest tenderer for the erection of a courthouse and lockup nt Dalmorton, the amount of the tender being £980. David Murdoch, working nt the Manning hmnl.-ival^r Insl-. li/nnh I.,., I .1,ie n. m by a truck. Ho Was taken to thef hospital, and had the arm taken off near the shoulder. Mr. McKell, P.M., late of Kompsey, is now nt Goulbnrn, where he is relieving Mr. W/S. Caswell. The latter, who is the oldest P.M. in this service, is away on two months leave. A new public school building is needed at Bellinger Heads, and we believe the residents are agitating in the matter. The present building is not up to the requirements of the place. The appeal of Sir Patrick Jennings against the land-tax on mortgaged property has been upheld, and nearly 20,000 cases are affectcd by the result. This puts the Government in serious trouble). ' The attention of persons interested is invited to an advertisement in this issue; in connection with the north bank road of the Nambucca River between Macksville and Nambucca Heads. The Beacon ' mine-manager, Upper Bucca discharged about 30. of the unmarried men last week. It Is said tlicy Will be reem ployed before long, the 'shortening of hnnds being only temporary. Dr. Kelly left Bellingen on Wednesday, for the Nambucca and Macleay. He will return as soon 'as the necessary arrangements are complete, Which, of course, will not be sooner than tf' few months hence. , Tenders invited in this issue for Rocky Creek bridge on the Dorrigo road, for new public school building at Barricton, and for road contracts; Plan nnd specifications for the bridge can bo seen at BcMiiigen Court house. The Rev. Father Aliern held, services nt Coramba, Upper Bucca, and Orn/a oil Sun day, Monday,' and1 Tuesday last. Father Ahem, who is one of the sufferers by the influenza epidemic, goes to Bowra after Sun dny next. ' * A Grafton telegram in Sydney Diily Telc graph last week said,— ?' The Beacon gold mine, Bucca Creek, has partially closed down. The reason is not stated, but it is bolioved the yields have not been of n payable nature for some time.' The following disbursements for the, im provement of the various rivers were made from, the lonn account last month, — Kich mond £4203,' fdnnning £54 j . Clarence £2897, Bollinger £450, Macicay £1424, Hastings £404, Tweed £13. The thirty-second annual meeting of the Clarence Pastoral and Agricultural Society was hold last \veek. The report showed that the income for the past year was £702, in cluding £350 j from exhibitions. The mem bership numbers 224. Mr. A. L.iBennett, post ami telegraph master at Fernmount, was tendered a social dance on Fridiiy night last, as a 'send-off.' Mr. Bennett left for Tumbulgum on Sunday, and his successor, .Mr.-, Dyce, of Tumbulgum, arrives at.-. Fernmount next week. \ : Tnttersall' Adams ha3 decided, as an ex-, perlment, to open a special consultation' On the Melbourne Cup to be drawn at ^10 a.m. on the day of the race. People who desire to be in this sweep must mention the ' Cup Special Consultation' when applying for lickcls. ; Barrieton post officc, in charge of Mr. D. Thompson (overseer of the quarry works), has been nicely fitted up. Mr. Thompson looks after the office and sees that the mails are conveyed to and from Fernmount twicc a week for £15 aycar. Thissum was offered for a service ouce a week, but Mr. Thompson goes to the extra, trouble voluntarily for tlio convenience of Barrieton people. : In Hyde -Police Court inst week, Ilenry Coleman Cox, was'fined £5 for attempting to vote at a second polling booth. He said he thought- he could vote twice oroftener. After lie had been fined, lie said he would never vote for another man, no mnttcr who ho might be. At Bowra last week, Mr. Duncan Gaddes was married to Miss Winifred Gorman, of the Upper Orara. On the Macleay, also last week, Mr. George Secomb, of Hickey's Creek, was married to Miss Charlotte Campbell, grand-daughter of Mrs. Halliday, of East Kempsey. The contract for erecting St. James's Anglican Church at Bowra has been let to Mr. Campbell, and it is to be completed within three months. This makes the third church to be built in time for the next visit of the Bishop, at the end of the year, when they will be dedicated. Mr. Pyers having refused to resign his seat for Mr. Barton, Mr. Copeland is shocked at such want of honor, and has offered to resign himself in favor of Mr. Barton. The latter will not accept Mr. Copeland's offer, though he' much appreciates it ; he says Mr. Cope land is too good a man to go out. , . On September 15 the Rcid Government will break the record for length of life oE N.S.W. Ministries. A' Pnrkes Government once stuck to office for four years and fifteen' days. On September 15 Rcid nnd Co. will have been drawing Ministerial screw con tinuously' for. four years and sixteen days. . A Coff's Harbor telegram says the monthly output of gold from the Beacon mine arrived per escort at Coff's Harbor on Sunday, as usual, and was shipped by the steamer Excel sior. The number of men- paid off at that mine has been exaggerated, the correct num ber being 23. The mine is working ns usual. The Victorian Premier says that Federated Australia could borrow money at 2J per cont. This paper. holds the same belief, and hence its advocacy of a federation which will in clude the railways and debts. A consolidated Australian debt could be converted so ns to; 'save Australia at least one million per annum in interest alone. Sydney Bulletin: Eight Ministers went to the country,- and only five came back. The three lost were Sydney Smith, who went down at Bathurst ; the awful Jacob Garrard, Minister for Ignorance ; nnd the dense anil callous Gould, who met the ghost of Suffield at'Singleton and was deservedly wiped out by nearly. 200 votes. In Sydney Bankruptcy Court last week, Frank Louis stated thatlieliad been a marine store dealer. He was a Russian Pole, and his wife, he said, was ,' an-Amerieah woman from Ireland; The Registrar : 'I suppose what you mean is that she is an American woman of Irish extraction ?' Louis replied, ' I daresay that is right.' Madeline Byrne and Alice Short have been convicted of the manslaughter of two young women, on whom it was alleged illegal opera tionf had been performed, and each was sentenced to five years, with light labor, in Sydney. Mi-. Justice Simpson said this clnss of offencc was becoming too common, and must be suppressed. Byrne; on hearing the evidence, fainted ; .but Short protested her innocence. A man wrapped in a blanket broke into a residence occupied-by a family named Crump,' near Brighton; South ^Australia, on Saturday, while Mrs, Crump arid a servant were having tea. He threatened to shoot them i£ they* gave an alarm, and tied them to chairs in separate rooms. He told Mr. Crump, who was an invalid and in bed, that he did not intend to harm him.' He then ransacked the house, but only obtained a few shillings. The Lismore Police Court, last' week, re fused to grant a hawker's license to a Syrian, the application being mnde by a countryman, whoi snid the applicant could not speak Eng lish. In reply to the Bench, applicant's age was stated at 10 years; The Bench said it would not grant any. licenses to foreigners under 3ueh. circumstances, ancl in no case unless the applicant was known to the police i.and-wns certified-to be.of L'nod character. ? At a meeting of the Sydney UounciHnsr wcek; there'-.was some commotion, and after words had been bandied about, Alderman i Norton alleged that Alderman Ives had made i use of an objectionable expression. Alder i man Ives indignantly Clemen tne accusation. Turning to Alderman Norton, he said, ' If you say it again, I'll smack yon in the mouth I ' There was more disorder at this, nnd after Alderman Ives had. again. denied using the expression, order was -.restored; About three months since, the teacher of tlie Alstonvillepublicschool wrote to Chicago, U.S.A., suggesting that some of the pupils in their public schools should correspond with the Alstonville boys and girls. In response to this invitation, a batch of very interesting letters is to hand from some chosen pupils of the great Louis Nettlchorst School of Chicago. It is proposed to continue for a time an ex change of letters, with a view to the improve ment of the pupils in composition, geography, I and general tsnowledge. Thirty members of the old parliament are out in the frost j 17 of the rejected were Reidites, and eight weredirect oppositionists. The 30 new men who fill their places include 17 federalists, seven Reidites, and three in dependents ; the other three may be nny tliing. Even the most ardent admirer of G. H. Rcid can not shut his eyes to the fact that Rcid got beaten badly at the late elections. Three years ago he had a big majority ; to day he can only count upon a narrow major ity, after counting the whole of the Labor members as strong supporters. But G. H. smiles, wriggles, nnd cheerfully prepares to dish his opponents in the same old way. A terrible nffnir happened recently in Adelaide. A dairyman named Simmons had a wife (his second), who had not been long out of a lunatic asylum. He also had a housekeeper (aged 30), by whom, it is alleged, lie was the father of a child. The poor wife Was not asked to work, but was carefully watched, ns she often showed signs of being astray mentally. On Friday morning last, after Simmons hnd gone to town, the wife entered the kitchen, .where Miss Woodling, the housekeeper, was at work. She carried something under her npron, which turned out to be a vessel full of kerosone. This she threw over the housekeeper, nnd at once set fire to her. The mad woman then ran away, and the housekeeper's screams were heard a mile away. When some men reached the house the woman was naked, clothing and hair being: burned completely off and scarcely a pitch of skin -being- uninjured;' She died in frighfnl ngony, and Mrs. Simmons was arrested. - ' . 