A Midshipman's Romance .' PuBLISnED By .SPEOUL-'AnitiNQEKBNT.-, 1'"" By W. GL.ARK RUSSELL, ' ; Author of "The. Wreck of the Grosvonor," Tho Golden Hope," "The Doath Ship," "Tho Frozen Pirato," "An Ocenn Tragedy, ' "A Son Queen," I 'My Danish . Sweetheart," "The Good Ship Mohoek,": "Alone on a Wide, Wide Sea," "Tho Talo of tho Ten," &c.;, .fto. . . ..z . > . ..- v. CorYBIOIIT. CHAPTEli V.— (Continued.) ' |MiwonV\lND®r«iavi.AH6"|| „ ' fep— - — A. . ;-H HIS was an eli/M' ; V original, view, ' \ nnd sti-uek.liim. A 1 ® r i ng Jmfeg, you . know our jU'Wa'-.sf W& S cabin,' hp miulu y' % u rush to tho -'ra 0'777,. Q . o.ouip anion- Sjgf w. 4s_ way, antl I heard hinx hol- lowing tlu-ougti the skylight, a frame of which lay open, for tho steward. I walked about the dock nnd managed to keep my feet. A number of peoplo lay about the, fore-dock in .wideawakes and cloaks, helplessly ,sca-siek. . Every now and again a stoop of tho how cooled the poor beggars witli hnlf a bucket of brine, but they were past coring. Como death! Come daraiiHtiou ! It was all one| and their groaus wore _ hideous. They were Erouehmen, and it is impos sible not to sympathiso with Mr. Thackeray's contempt of Frenchmen as sailors. "Whilst I was looking the captain ap proached, and observing mo, called me to him. My father, whonwe drank tea with tho old gentleman, had told hiiu I was going to ho a merchant sailor, and this, I suppose,' made him take an interest in me. 'Would you liko to step on tho bridge, young fellow-my-lad said he. ' I should, indeed, sir,' I answered. 'Then come along,' end at once wo mounted the ladder. I immediately supposed the weather had changed, and that it had como on to blow a gale at tho very instant of our settiug foot on tho bridge. What I felt was tho strong breeze made by tho ship's own progress, and this, backed by tbe wind tbat was blowing, excited me as greatly as if our paddles had rolled us into a heavy storm. Hero now was I, taking a viow of tho sea at night from tho height of the bridge of a vessel that was steaming through tho water at about twelve knots. The euptaiu allowed me to remain on the bridge hnlf un hour ; and talked to mo as if 1 had been a man ; he then advised me to go below and turn. in. -. Wo arrived at four o'clook in tlio afternoou at London bridge. A dingy haze iu the river delayed us ; it did more, it shrouded and obscured the view all tho way from Gravcsend. "' Of what followed I have no clear recollection, owiug probably to the fog. The first thing I did was to loso mv father, and as I had no monoy in my pocket, and no address to drive to, I was ill a state of terror, and ran about amongst men iii "tall hats and lincin coats, and amongst foreigners who could not speak our tongue arid shook their lists at peoplo who could. It is impos sible to deseribo the' character of tbo crowd (the whole pervaded by u curious smell of dried fish and stale beer), through whose legs and under whoso arms I darted in iny terrified hunt for my father ; till all at once I . saw him standing at tho door of a cab with our portmanteaux on the top, and in a few minutes wo wore rumbling on our. way to a hotel in the city. I shall always bo of opinion that tho little, old- fashioned hotel in the city was amazingly more comfortable ill respect of food, service, aud lodging than tho huge buildings in which wo wander, liko the living dead after tlio resurrection who roamed about search ing for their friends. I remember a cosy dining-room, plenty of old oak richly flushed, u cliimney-picco .which might have framed Henry VIII, 's burly figure when lie warmed himself, a few small tables prepared for tho meal, a gleam of silver mid eutlory. It was pleasant to draw to a fire after sit ting in that cab of damp straw. Never before did I. enjoy a meal so much as that plain dinner of fried solo, English roast beef, aud cauliflower. My father ordered some . port, and said to mo quietly, when the waiter was . not . listening, that it xvas vory fine xvinc, > lull of body. 7 I drank giugerhoer. . Next -morning after breakfast wo went to Limohouse, where were situated tho offices of the owner in whoso em ploy my father had determined. to cntor ' me as a midshipman. I do not proposo to introduco tho reader to thc shipowner whose offices, wcro at Limehouse, nor will. I ask him to accompany ino on my first, socouil, and third voyages. Tho ronianco of my youth did not begin till I had started on my fourth voyugo. I xvns then'third mate, and iny .ago, was about twouty. . By this time .my father and.mothor, hnviug. grown weary of Bouville, liiid takon a house at Hammersmith, ' and wero in good health, and happy,- and seemed to enj oy tlio clinngo from French habits and fashions to the customs rind victuals thoy had been horn into. _ My rihip was tho Glendowor, ;a full- rigged ship of 1,320 tons register. Owing to , a chill I was rinahlo to join hor in tho East India Doolcs, and wrote to tho offico that I 'was ill,- but should L bo . better would go to Plymouth and thore catch tho sliip. I sent my chost to tbo vessel boforo she left tbo Thames. I 7 recovered as I expected, hade father " and mother goodbye, jumped into a cab with a small bagj.and was driven, to tho terminus.of tho 'Great "Western ltailwuy . at l'nddingtpri. . '' . .. : I was. too soon. A row of carriages 7 . etood beside tlio platform,. but no .looo- motivo'jwas attached. Some drunken, navy sailors were arguing 'ori va honcll A few peoplo moved . 'about,' or ; stood beside their .."-baggage. " ' I .: selected a , carriage, 'put my bag; on tlio seat to ; seonre it, lighted a pipe, and -walked up and down tlio - platform waiting/for/the tram to Btart. Much, .about this .time two pooplo came along followed by a manservant, who earned a.shawl or two and (rlady's portmanteau. Ouo ( of tho two was an ' elderly . man,, rather, rough . ; in appear ance) -he- was - bronzed,' -bruised, 7 and wrinkled, .with what I guessed had . been a long hut ;a successful -strngglo for lifo iu tho colonies. The othor was a young lady/ TAs I stood opposite my carriage thoy approached, looking/ into the several compartments as'; they walked, arid I obtained without j impertinently staring a very good view of. the girl.- She interested mo in an instant, nnd I could not imagine why; It was not lier. beauty; fair indeed she was. . A sweeter face no man over foil in love with; hor hair a: delicate pale auburn', - eyes dark violet and thoughtful, checks colourless. AVhat .was it ? She loo'kod at mo once, hut not again. Her attiro was some dark stuff, but I don't think it was mourning. Thoy passed down tho length of a few more carriages, thon earne back. ' . I. remained- standing opposite tho compartment I had ch'oSen. 'Whilst they walked tho rough-looking gentle-; man gazed at. me fixedly.-. Ho stopped and said gruffly, -hut quite politely : ' ' Bog pardon, hut you are a sailor ?' ' Iam,'Isaicl. 7.' ,;'. 'Bound to Plymouth, sir? '. ' That's my port.' 'What ship, sir?' "The Glendowor,' I answered. ' I had no doubt of it,' he exclaimed. 'I remember your face. I .primo on board your ship the Glendowor at Sydney, and asked you some questions.' I did . not . recollect the circum stance, so merely bowed. . ' . ' What post do . you occupy ? ' he asked ; and noxv I noticed that the girl observed mo steadfastly. 'I am "third mate,' I answered; 'which means no .more than mid shipman.' 'My niece,' said ho, 'is going to Sydney to her aunt by your ship. I am unable to seo hor safe on board. Do you know if there uro any of tho Glou- dowor's passengers joining her by this train ?' I was unable to toll him. ' More peoplo had eomc draining in, and tlio platform was fairly populous. But nobody lqokctl as if ho xvas going to Aus tralia. The young lady flushing up, exclaimed : ' Is your name Longmoro ?' 'It is,' said-I ; and thon even as I looked I saxv before mo that strange and benutiful phantom of the pond, xvhosc expression had been neither glad nor sorrowful'.. 'Is it possible,' said I, 'that you are the Belle Stuart I played horses with ?' ' I am indeed,', she answered, ' and I believe I knew you when I first saw you.' ' Is this the gentleman who saw your ghost, Belle ?' asked the rough-looking gontlcman. She smiled, .with plenty of colour left. . . \- ' A queer yarn— a little fantastical'; Belle docs riot forget it,' said he.' ' This is a fortunate meeting. I shall feel ensy. whilst thiuking of mv niece as uudor tho care of an officer of the ship, and an old playfolloxv.' John, put Miss Stuart's wraps and hag in.' ' I am delighted to think that you aro goingout as a passenger,' said I, look ing into hor charming face, xvhich axvoko many memories, though I xvas so young xvhen that incident of the pond occurred, that it had produced no emotional impression whatever, so that xvhon tho littio girl did not coino to: drink' tea I had forgotten that she had beon asked. A great locomotive banged into tho carriages. 'I xvill ask you to seo hor safe on board, Mr. Longmorc, and shall- he grateful for any acts of attention you shoxv hor,' said the rough-looking gentleman. .There xvns noxv too much hustle for talk. Porters xvoro running about, passengers xx'ero getting . in ; tho drunken sailors looked put of the xvindows. We took our seats after Miss Stuart had tenderly kissed the rough -looking goutlemau ; nnd the guard , piped his xvhistle ; tho hook- stalls anil the refreshment-rooms elided past ; it was, tho broad gauge, sinoqth, sxvift, delightful as railway travelling can over bo, and presently 'wo were clear of the station, ourselves the only occupants :o£ the compartment. ' It is a fact that I rotnined a very perfect -recollootion of tho - features of tho phantom, and in the girl sittirig opposito to mo I hoheld the imagina tion of my brain, that vision of my soul's oyo, clothed in tho graco and sweetnoss of womanhood, somewhat tall, u most beautiful figure, nil expression- of faoo as captivating us some handsome gem of poetry. Sfio asked after my fathor and mother, and I iuquired after her mother, and she ansxvered that sho had died oightoen. months' ago; She was going out to Sydney, to; lix'o with -an aunt. The only relative sho had in England xvas the geritlemari who had seen her off. ' Mr. George Stubhs vyas her iiriclq arid n widower, arid strongly approved of her living xyith her ; aunt out in Aus tralia. Sho said: 'Your people must .have thought iny poor mother very rude. ,.I reminded her that I was to ' drink tea with you, but sho . xvould not hear of it— would not oven call at your house again, nnd : as soon as possible" left 'Bou- villo, Sho was -indeed .more terrified than you would belioyo.' . - - - 'She was 'n" littio superstitious per haps?' 7 i- ' 7 _ ..'-She was a spiritualist,, and believed in ghorite and visions, ' but, strange to say; was afraid of those who- saw them. You saw them, ,and; she wub afraid of you".' '';7 ;''7;7 . i; .'I only saw, one,!, said; I ; 'I can never hopo to explain; it.. It was. you eihaped;in moonlight,' and when' X fell into the .water the same face came, olos'e to mine ,7. 1 have seldom 'thought of it sinoe.' . . ,!l. have thought of it over and over .again,' said she. . : ' It was like believing I- was dead, and that you1 had seen ray spirit. ; Your parents will think mother acted, very rncfely, '. she iropeated. ut she got some., extraordinary notion about you into bof head, and we left the town,' - sho oxelaimed laughing, ' as hurriedly as if we had heop-m debt.' I saw that sho know, tho character of thbuotiotfthatchad entered hotmothcr's head about ino in faot her looks he- traved -her, hut I asked ' no questions, und. wo fell. into othor coursos of talk. I rolated'for hor ontortainniont a few of my sea experiences and told her - how I had run axvay from, school. Hdr own hfe had been unox-cntful ; .they -had lived .in Leamington, and then in London; whore hor mother hnd died. Sho told mo that her mother xvas always talking ;of returning to tho colony, but alio delayed it year aftoryear, and thon it .was 'too lato.: ''.;' ;/ \- Sailors . seo ' littlo of ' ladies, arid this explains perhaps why" J aqk , is not. over pavtioulrii. '. A man',' in my .: time might bo' away for two or throe years without seeing a woman;' unless black or yelloxv; and' people are surprised if he mari-ies' the first girl he . meets on his return home. ' In. my ease, ' however, "the delight I, toofc'iri' looking at this girl' xvho . sat opposite . was ' riot ' due. to ray taste for distinguishing being blunted by the isolation !of the oeorin life. She' was a thorough; lady ; her 'voice xvas soft- and. clear; I could not but wouder that so fair and engaging ri'girl had not got married. /Wo founil plonty to talk about,' and Swindon surprised us. 1 ' This is very good travelling,' said I, at whieli shu sniiled, arid I .took'. hor' into the rofreshment-rborii, which xvas not very crowded. , ' . . Wo arrived at Plymouth, and I found that my ship had reached the: Sound that afternoon, Sho had been delayed by head xvirids down chunriel. All Miss Stuart's" baggage wus aboard of ' her, arid it xvas convenient that we should join the . ship at - once, as it was necessary that I should report myself. I xvas disappointed. I had hoped to' find that the ship had not arrived. .1 had looked forward to a ramble xvitli Miss Stuart iu one of the most romantic harbours in England, and a littio dinner at the best, which is usually tho cheapest,, hotel in the place. Hoxvever, .there was the ship, and we must join her, and it xvas five o'clock, and tho sooner xve left the hotter. 'There is your homo for the next four months, Miss Stuart,' said I, as txvo boatmen rowed up leisurely to the ship. 'She's a handsome vessel,' she ex claimed. Wo droxv to the gangway beloxv ; I paid tho boatmen, who grumbled; I handod Miss Stuart up the steps, and carried her shaxvls aud portmanteau. Cuptain Bowser, tho commander of the ship, in a naxml cap aud blue cloth jacket, leaned over the poop rail watch ing us, nnd I saluted him. The. nil- xvas full of tho smell of hay in com pressed bales ; coeks crowed, pigs grunted forxvard, nnd you 'hoard tho lamentation of shoep- in the longboat.- We xvero outxvard bouud, and though it is true xve curried but txvelvc pas sengers in all, and thoy xvero of tho saloon, xve should touch noxvhero until xvo entered Sydney Heads. The decks xvero quiet, the rigging had been coiled doxvn. All had been done in London. Indeed the ship culled at Plymouth only for tho convenience of passengers, aud if the breeze solved her she would sail next morning. pro be continued.! 