Preachers' Column Johnny's Complaint. Our preacher says — an' 'course he's right — It's very wrong to tell a fib. (So mother's taught me ever since She rocked me in my little crib.) That's w!iy I can't just understand Why in his sermons he will run Along like sixty when he's said, ' Hut our \vrml mnrfi. nnrl [ hnvp rirmp.' When first I heard him say those words. They made me glad, for I, you see, ' Was tired, for half hour sermons seem Enough for little folks like me : But; gracious ! I was quite surprised To find he'd only-just begun When, pausing for a breath, he said. ' But one word more, and I have done.' I wonder what he'd think if I Should say, when at his home I'd sup, 'Just one plum more, and I 'have done.' Then eat his wife's preserves all up 1 f I guess he'd ask me what I meant : I'd have to say I was in fun, Ju*t like he must be when he says. ': But one word more, and I have done.' Suppose we put it in this Diminutives. orde^: Sermonette, preacherette, Chris tian ette. As the pulpit dwindles aud the sermou shortens, does not the man in the pew shrink accord ingly ? Whoever read or heard of any great revival or reformation which was not preceded and accompanied by manly, vigorous preaching ? Pentecost was only possible because of the tongues ' like as of fire.' Savonarola, Luther, Knox, Wesley, Edwards, the men who in their day shook the world, were not preacherettes, neither were their con verts Cliristianettes, but niighty men and women, wbo ' counted not their lives dear unto them, and who through fire and blood kept the faith once delivered to the saints. Feeble sermons make feeble churches. A preacherette in the pulpit means' a Christianette in the pew. — Christian Advocate. The following, which we Old take from an English Sermons, paper, .will be read with interest :. — '.' The ' old sermon ' question is always a burning one — some wish it were bnrning in the literal sense. There are preachers so tenderly paternal in their affection for their sermonic offspring that they have never the heart to put one of them (and with, it the congregation) out of its misery. There are other preachers with the gift of so freshening up their old sermon each time they preach them that they are always new. Easily first in this class is Eev. W. L. Watkinson, President of the Wesleyan Conference. A most interesting study of his method of dealing with old sermons is afforded by a comparison of the ' Christian World Pulpit ' of yesterday with the number of October 7 last. The sermon preached to the London Primitive Methodist Council is the same that was preached to the Leeds Auxiliary of the Wesleyan Missionary Society ; but the variations and additions are so numer ous that the sermon has been practically re-written, and it has on it all the bloom of complete newness. If all ministers who possess what an American contem porary recently described as ? that old sermon barrel ' would adopt this method there would not be much, to complain of. We still feel, however, that it would be beneficial to minister and successive congregations, in most eases, if that barrel and its contents were made the foundation of a back garden Fifth of November celebration.' The pastor can fix his The Secret thought upon a revival, of Success, consider how much it is needed, consider the promises of God, inquire what means God has appointed and blessed in the past, consecrate himself unreservedly and wait before God. until, by the work ings of the Holy Ghost, he feels God is with him and he can and will see the salvation of souls. Then he can go forth, using the appointed means, aud see the desire of his heart. Ten thou sand pastors can testify, I know this is true. And hero is just the secret of success. Let the servants of God fix their thought upon a mighty awakening, ponder the subject in all its phases, present themselvbs living sacrifices to God until the fire fall from heaven as it did upon Elijah's offering — the energy of the Almighty will come a3 certainly as death and Judgment are before us — then will bishop, editor, and others, feel as John Knox felt when be aid, ' Givei me Scotland or I die.' Then the motive power — the conditions of success — will not be wanting ; then the way of the Lord will be prepared, and the glory of the Lord will be revealed. — J. T-T. Trow. At the close of the. last As far as I sermon preached by a am able. well known Methodist clergyman recently de ceased, Eev. W. N. Broadbeck, he said to one of his deacons, ' I have done the best I could ; if it had been my last sermon, I could have done no better.' We never know what deed of ours will be tbe last. Let us live in the light of that solemn truth. 