ST. MICHAEL’S ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH, TALLANGATTA. OPENING CEREMONY. Sunday last was a rod-letter day iu tho annals of Catholicity at Tallan gatta, in that it saw the fruition of tho aspirations of tho members of that congregation to possess a church of their own iu which to worship. God according to the rites of their faith. The foundation-stone was laid by Dr. lleville, coadjutor-Bishop of Bendigo, on Sunday, 13th February. On that occasion Father O’Conuor, tho parish priest, announced that tho contractor expected to have tho building com pleted iu time for opening on the last Sunday in Slay or tho first Sunday in June. This calculation was well timed, for the building itself was ready a week prior to opening, but the furnishings had not arrived. As it was, tho church authorities were only a week out in their reckoning. The consecration of the building took place before 11 o’clock Mass on Sunday, the officiating prelato being again tho coadjutor-Bishop of Ben digo, tho Bight Bov. Dr. Eovillo. t Preceded by a number of altar-boys, 1 and attended by Father O’Connor, the J Bishop, vested in mitre and cope, made J a circuit of the exterior of tho building, s reciting prayors, and sprinkling with i, blessed water the corners and but- a tresses of the walls. ' Tho procession a then entered tho church by the y northern door. The church interior “ and congregation wero sprinkled with | water, and tho clerical cortege entered ^ tho sanctuary and passed into the ^ Mass was celebrated by Father O’Connor, tho largo building being crowded to tho porches, a considerable number of peoplo having to be satis fied with baro standing-room. Mass music was capably snug by young lady members of the Wodouga choir, assisted by Miss Cowdoroy, of Tallan gatta, who rendered a solo with much graco and expression. Mr. W. T. Dyring made an efficient organist. Tho sermon was preached from the altar-steps by tho Bishop, who pre faced his remarks by a reference to tho beautiful building which the}' had opened that day. It was, he said, a building of which they should all feel very proud. It was creditable to all concerned. It reflected credit on the architects, and tho workmanship had been done honestly and substan tially, showing that tho contractor had carried out his responsibilities in a satisfactory manner. There was still, howover, something to be dono. There was a debt of £(i00 on the building, but he hoped that tho generosity of the congregation would result in that liability being con siderably reduced that day. It should be their aim to have their church free of debt. In no instance did he know of a congregation that did not make great efforts to meet its responsibili ties iu that respect, and ho trusted the Tallangatta congregation would be no exception to tho rule. One of their number had donated £20 on the occasion of tho foundation-laying, and had promised a further £10 that day. That example was worthy of follow ing ; and if each gave as liberally as he could, according to his means, tho liability would be soon wiped off, and they would bo proud in having free of debt their beautiful church, which in itself marked tho progress I f 1 S f a t. 1: t. b t< h d d tl b V V lc p S G of the town. Ho observed that the w examination of the candidates for n confirmation had satisfied him, con- ^ sideritig the difficulties experienced by children in remote country dis- ^ tricts, and out of reach of Catholic schools. The Bishop took his text r. from the gospel for the day (second tl Sunday after Pentecost), Luke xiv., p 1G-24, dealing with the parable of the ci great supper. In simplo but earnest p language tho preacher gave an ex- r| planation of the parable. The great s supper was a figure of God’s ban quet in tho holy sacrament of tho j Eucharist. Unlike groat suppers given by worldly kings and great si persouages, to which only tho rich and fi great were invited, the Lord’s Supper P was open to all—tho poor and illiterate b as well as the rich and learned, uutil the end of time. He mentioned three motives which should move his hearers to accept the invitation to the Lord’s Supper—firstly, the expressed desire of God to give himself to thorn x in communion ; secondly, the reward held out; thirdly, their own weak- cl ness, which should induce them to a strengthen themselves spiritually by participation in God’s body. The scene was pictured of the last supper, j on the eve of Christ’s passion, when £ the sacrament was instituted for the food and nourishment of souls. The ( preacher explained the doctrine of the . church in regard to the conversion of bread and wine into the body and ’ blood of Christ in the sacrifice of tho , Muss. They hud been divinely com- ‘ uiandod, “ Unless ye eat the flesh and drink the blood of Christ, you cannot , have life.” Ho exhorted his hearers to avail themselves of God’s loving invitation ; and not order their con- i duct so as to deserve a divine rejection such as was promised to those frivolous excuse-makers referred to iu the parable. Roverting to the church just opened, the Bishop observed that, all the world over, Catholic poople were noted for their generosity in supporting tlioir church according to their means. In this they wore giving to God. He trusted, now that they had a building dedicated to the wor ship of God, that they would entertain the greatest possible respect for God’s house, and in no way profane it. They would show their love for God by liquidating tho church debt, which ho hoped soon to see wipod off. They would thereby save a waste of money in interest, and rejoice in the posses sion of a church with no worldly claim upon it. After Mass, the Bishop, attired m full cauouicals, and bearing his pas toral staff, addressed tho candidates for confirmation, explaining tho sig nificance of the sacred rite, by which tho blessings of tho Holy Ghost—tho third person of the blessed Trinity would descend upon them, and strengthen them iu the performance of tho good that was expected of them. The young people (14 boys and 10 girls) then approached tho altar rails and wcro duly confirmed. Aftorwards, tho postulants joined in prayer with tho Bishop, who then further addressed tho eonlirniecs upon their religions dutios. Ho added that ho made it a praetieo on such occasions to ask young pooplo pre sented for confirmation to tnko tho plodgo against tho use of intoxicating liquors. In response to his invitation, tho whole class held up thoir hands as an undertaking to keep tho pledge until they attained the age of 21 years. Some further devotional exorcises took place, and tho episcopal benediction closed tho proceedings. Arespers were sung in the afternoon, the church being again well filled. The day’s collections amounted to the very satisfactory sum of £76. 