VICTORIA. ABOHDIO0ESE OF MELBOURNE. THE ARCHBISHOP'S INTERVIEW WITH THE HOLY FATHER. In a letter of 17th May from Homo, addressed to the Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna, V.G., Adm., the Arclibisbop writes " You cannot imagine how pleased the Pope was with the addresses, the offerings, the photograph of the Cathedral, the copy of the. Truits of Fifty Years,' ai)d the, whole audience. The Ciianiberlamsaid that lie did not cease to Spea'k of these matters all the evening,, and t&'j day the Secretary of the Propaganda told me that the Pope said to him, most impressively, that he was greatly pleased •\vitli Melbourne and all Australia. " Tell the Genazzano Nuns (Faithful Companions. Gotham- road, Kew) that the Pope very much admired the binding, the illumination, and the dedication of their gift. " With the children's address and offering he was both pleased and surprised. He made much enquiry about the schools, and praised the Catholic parents with emotion for the sacrifices they hare made on behalf of Christian and Catholic education. " He directed me more than once to convey to the parents and their children his special thanks, and to tell them that he sent them a special blessing. ' Not my personal blessing alone.' lie added. ' but the Apostolic blessing, which I give with a heart full of gratitude.' " HOLIDAY OF OBLIGATION. Next Wednesday, being the Feast of SS. Peter and Paul, Apostles, will be a holiday of obligation. FAST DAY. Tuesday next, the Vigil of the Feast of SS. Peter and Paul, will be a. day Of fast and abstinence. DAY OF DEVOTION. Saturday, 2nd July, the Feast of (lie Visitation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, will be a day of devotiou. OFFICE AND MASS FOR THE LATE ARCH- BISHOP GOOLD. On Tuesday the twelfth anniversary Office and Mass were celebrated at the Cathedral for the late Archbishop Goold. The Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna, V.G., Adm., presided. The cantors were Very Rev. M. Carey, P.P., and Rev. J. Murphy (Elsternwick) ; master of ceremonies, Rev. J. M'Carthy 'the Cathedral) ; and the following priests assisted in choir :—Very Revs. Dean Hegarty, P.P., V.F. (Kyneton) ; T. Lynch, P.P. (St. Kilda East); M. Farrelly, P.P., V.F. (Kilmore): W. Quilter (St. Francis') ; Revs. Dr. Kelly, P.P. (Fitzroy), Dr. Graeber, P.P. (South Melbourne), P. O'Donohoe (Ivew), D. B. Nelan (Essendou), R. S. Benson (South Yarra), P. Phelan (Coilingwood), 13\. Luby (Brunswick), T. M'Enroe, S.J. (Hawthorn), D. Horan (Bacchus Marsh), J. Carroll (St. Kilda West), W. Ganly and D. Murphy (the Cathedral), J. ,T. Egan (Collingwood), J. O'Brien (Flemington), ,T. J. Cu- •sack (Brunswick), P. ,T. Fallon (St. Francis'), W. Harnett (North Fitzroy). At the conclusion of the Office, Iter quiein High Mass was sung by Fr. Quilter; deacon, Fr. Benson; subdeacon, Fr. Cusack ; master of ceremonies, Fr. M'Carthy. The priests' choir rendered the musical portion of the service, and the final absolution at the catafalque (on wliich reposed the insignia of the Episcopal Office) was pronounced by the Very Rev. the Administrator of the diocese, after which the clergy aud the congregation retired. PROPOSED TESTIMONIAL TO REV. T. QUINN. A large meeting of the parishioners of St. George's Church, Carlton, was held in the school-room on Monday evening, to arrange a farewell testimonial to the Rev. Fr. T. Quinn, who is leaving the parish, after six years as assistant to the Rev. J. H. O'Connell, Councillor W. levers occupied the chair. It was decided to present Fr. Quinn with an address and purse of sovereigns. About £50 was subscribed in the room. Mr. ,B. J. Glee- 'sou was'appointed boil. secretary, and Mr. D. E. Hayes lion, treasurer, ^ ^ APPROACHING ORDINATION OF A STUDENT FOR THE DIOCESE. We learn that Mr. King, at present a student at the ecclesiastical college Manly, N.S.W., is to be ordained on the Feast of SS. Peter and Paul, 29th .Tune, by the Cardinal Archbishop of Sydney. After his ordination, Mr King will enter on his clerical duties in this diocese. ST. MARY'S, WEST MELBOURNE. On Sunday (to-morrow), at last Mass, the Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna, V.G., Adm., will visit St Mary's, West Melbourne, and install the Rev. D Murphy as administrator of the parish. CLERICAL CHANGES. The Very Rev. the Administrator of the diocese, has made the following clerical changes Rev. Denis Murphy from the Cathedral to St. Mary's West Melbourne, as administrator of that parish : Rev. J. Murphy, from Elsternwick to the Cathedral; Rev, J O'Reilly, from West Melbourne to Elsternwick. • THE NEW READING BOOKS FOR CATHOLIC SCHOOLS. Wo understand that the new reading books, compiled by his Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne, the Auxiliary. Bishop of Sydney, and the Bishop •6f 'Pi'aXton. and ordered to be printed by tft^ljkst Australasian Plenary Council fiH"'tiie Catholic schools of the CjiMoirieV -flare been forwarded to Sydney b;i the publishers, Messrs. Bcrisrtger /Bros. The Archbishop of Adelaide -li/f s already secured a supply, and 4 la We course they will be put in circulation in Victoria aud the other Australian colonies. LECTURE BY THE REV. ISAAC MOORE, 3.J, St. John the Baptist Church, Clifton Hill, was crowded last Sunday night when the Rev. Isaac Moore, S.J.. delivered a lecture on " Spirits." The rev. gentleman prefaced his lecture by stating that the subject had been suggested to him on reading an article iu the "Argus" on "Spirits." ENTERTAINMENT AT ST. PATRICK'S COLLEGE, The feast of St Aloysius, one of the great, saints of the Society of Jesus, and the patron of youth, was most appropriately celebrated on Tuesday by the pupils of St. Patrick's College, under the direction of the Jesuit Fathers. Special devotional exercises wove observed during the day. and at the morning Mas? seven of the pupils made their First Communion. The school discipline was slightly relaxed during the day, and extra time given for recreation. In the evening the pupils. with their parents and friends, were entertained in the college lecture hall with a vocal and instrumental concert, at which the Misses Vollugi rendered some very pleasing items, which were deservedly applauded. A series of interesting lantern views were also given, and were received with much favour. A chorus by the pupils concluded the programme, aud brought to a close a most enjoyable day. T. FRANCIS' CONFERENCE, ST. VINCENT DE PAUL SOCIETY. Last, Sunday the annual appeal ou behalf of St. Francis' Conference of St Vincent de Paul was made in St Francis' Church by the Rev. Fr. Pidgeon, C.SS.R. There was a thronged congregation, and High Mass was sung by the Rev. L. Martin. An improvised altar, ou which was placed a statue of St Vincent de Paul, was erected in the sanctuary. The rev. gentleman chose for his text these words from Deuteronomy, chap. 15, " There will not be wanting poor in thy habitation." Those words, addressed to the Hebrews of old, were as fully realised now in the city of Melbourne as at the time they were first uttered. Their city, which was teeming with wealth and comfort some six or seven years ago, had now within its borders a great deal of poverty and sickness. Was it not, therefore, fit that the Catholic people should assemble that day in the old Church of St. Francis—the mother church of the colony—to stretch out a helping hand to the poor and suffering of the parish ? The words of God, that we would always have the poor with us, was exemplified daily. But did God's poor always receive that care and attention in which they stood so much in need 1 Sometimes they were sorely neglected, nay, even despised. There were, of course, many high- souled who appreciated GMT® poor, but jn none Was to be found so lively si flame of charity as In the hearts of the members of St Vincent de Paul's Society. That day he earnestly appealed to the congregation oil behalf of the funds of St Francis conference, and he would place before his hearers four points for their consideration. Why we should give charity, to whom* should it be given, tl\e best means of giving, and the reward..promised by God to the cheerful giver of charity. In regard to the first point, -we should give because ad had commanded us to do so. "I command that you open your hand ta your needy and poor brother." Our eternal salvation depended on almsgiving, as proved by the words of Christ which He will address to men on the day of judgment. If we wished fo be the disciples of Christ, and to follow His example, we must practise the duty of charity to om• poor and suffering: brethren. Christ was the God of Charity Incarnate. Charity was of the very essence of God, for God was living and eternal charity. We were bound to love our neighbour as ourselves. We were careful to provide ourselves with good food, clothing, and shelter, and the duty of providing iu like manner for the homeless poor was a command laid on every Christian by God Himself. "We were all sinners, and as St. James had said, In many things we all offend." How were we to expiate our offences against God, to make atonement for the punishment clue to sin, after its guilt had been washed away by the Sacrament of Penance ? By charity, by giving alms to those in need. God had said, " Redeem thy iniquities by alms deeds." We were strictly bound to love our neighbour, and the poorer and more miserable he happened to be the more were we bound to love and assist him by every means at our disposal. We were to practise charity towards him, not merely in thought or in word, but in deed and in truth, by lifting him, with a strong hand] from want and destitution. Again! to whom were we to give charity ? First to those of our own household. We should not, however, stop there, but, as far as lay in our power, assist all, without, distinction. Christian or Pagan, Catholic or uon-Catholic. • Neither should the sinful nnworthiness of the poor prevent, the exercise of charity in their regard. God pertnitted poverty as a bridge to span the' chasm between the rich and the. poor-4 . to afford .the ricli an opportunity of redeeming their sins, and of canning out the precept of charity. The best means of giviu.£>- alms was through the channel of St. Vincent de Paul's Society. There were numerous other outlets, such as hospitals, homes, benevolent asylums, refuges, and the like, still the most satisfactory channel was that of the society on whose behalf he appealed that day. By this means the poor were reached 'more directly. Of that society lie spoke not as a casual observer, for k had been his privilege to have been a. member of a conference in Dublin some years ago. It might, be asked, What was the sc-ope of the society ? The primary object was that no' work of charity was to bo foreign to its members. Its spirit was that of Christ, the God of charity. A poor family appealed for aid. and straight away two brothers were sent to enquire into the merits of tbo case. They were, however, studiously careful not. to wound the feeJinjrs of the poor family. After supplying their temporal wants, the brothers were wont to enquire as to their spiritual state—if Mass was heard, and the sacraments frequented. And as a general rule they had the consolation of bringing many a. strayed sheep back to the fold. God blessed the visit, as did the Church, who opened her treasure of indulgences to the visitors and the visited. The resources of the conferences were gathered from the individual subscriptions of the members, but. at times they were forced to appeal to those outside, owing to their limited means, and the extent of the demands of the poor. Lastly, he wished to direct attention to the abundant reward promised by Christ to the charitable. There was the joy of a good conscience, arising from the satisfaction of having been the means of conveying happiness to another. There was that peace of God which surpassed all understand- the' soni nrT ° f 3oy was inflised , into Ghost wi - v? 6 c ' hal ' itable by the Holy orf ^f u Ch was a foretaste of the ^fHeaven. On the last day Uld reokon ns done self L ? t<> Hinilenl , ! Ul beon done the. 1 wa, I i ! 1rpt ' lren— the poor. That was to be the standard of the last (haf ^enTain^ ™ S the pleading of the Sacred Heart of Jesus on behalf of God's poor. A generous response was made, £50 being the offertory for the day in the evening the appeal was renewed by Pr. Martin. Special music was rendered !>v tlie principals and full choir. Giorza's Xo I Mftss was snug with faultless effect, tiie presence of a powerful chorus adding greatly to the success of this masterpiece. At the offertorv. a trio, -lesu Dei Yivi," was admirablv sum: by Messrs. Rebbotaro and Himmer and Miss Rebbotaro. Miss Anderson presided at the organ, and It must be said that much of the success of the musical service is due to Mr. T. .T Lawble, who acted as musical dirertor. ILLNESS OF PRIKSTS. We regret to learn that the Rev. J. J. M'Carter is lying danserouslv ill at the presbytery. Footserav. His medical attendant, Dr. M'Carthy, called in Dr. J. P. Ryan in consultation a few days ago. Ppon enquiry on Wednesday night, we learned from Dr. M'Carthy that there was very little hope of Fr. M'Carter's recovery". The Rev. ,T. Daly irector of Flemingion). who went to Sydney for a rest, contracted influenza there, and was very bad for a time. However, the latest information is Hint the rev gentleman is on a. fairly good way to recovery. GEELONG. ; fPirom our own Correspondent.) .. The' Feast of St, Aloysius was observed with special devotion. The members of St. Aloysius Socierv (the altar attendants) to the number'of 4n. approached Holy Communion in a body, and concluded the noveua in honour of their patron. Sincere expressions of regret were expressed here on all sides when the news of the Rev. P. J. Ayhvard's death was received on Friday evening. At the monthly meeting of the Children of Mary, held on Sunday afternoon. flie Rev. Fr. Xorris attended, and delivered a short and instructive address on " Indiscriminate Reading." It was announced that, the evening meetings on the first Tuesday of the month would be resumed, and instructions continued by Fr. Norris. The members of St. Mary's Young Men's Society, at their last weekly meeting, held a " Mimic Parliament." There was a good attendance of members and friends, including Mr. W. Gurr, M.L.A. The House was constituted as follows :—Speaker. Mr. .T. E. Ferguson : Chairman of Committees, Mr. P. J. Fennell; Clerk of House, Mr. G. E. Halpin ; Sergeant at Arms, Mr. E. Ferguson ; Premier and Treasurer, Mr. T. P. Walsh ; Chief Secretary, Mr. .T. A. Parker; Postmaster-General, Mr. M. Cahill ; Attorney-General, Mr. M. Brunger; Minister of Lands. Mr. R. W. Dobson : Minister of Mines and Water Supply, Mr. F. Tully. The responsible duties of Leader of Opposition were undertaken by Mr. J. J. Lanigan. The Chief Secretary, iu introducing a " Bill to establish Socialism," drew a vivid picture of the want and • misery prevailing amongst the poorer classes at the present day. The Leader of the Opposition proceeded to criticise all the arguments adduced by the Chief Secretary. The Premier made a strong appeal to the Opposition to forego all party politics, and join the Government. Others who spoko for and against the bill were—The Chairman of Committees. Postmaster- General, and Minister of Mines and Water Supply. On being put to the vote, it was fouud that the Government had the country behind them. In criticising the proceedings. Mr. Gurr. M.I,.A., remarked that thev reflected great credit, on all taking part. In this lie was fully borne out: bv Mr. G. H. Brownhill, editor of the " Federal Record." 