WIT AND HUMOUR. This is what a Russian proverb has to say on woman’s rights: “If you be a cock, crow ; if a hen, lay eggs.” Visitor, in restaurant at the Zoological Gardens (commandingly): “I say, waiter, when do they feed the animals ?” Waiter: “Excuse me, sir, wL.v. have you ordered ?” A French gentleman, who had heard rum called spirits, went into an hotel and called for a glass of punch, requesting that it should be made of “ghost from the Vest Indies.” She : “ Why does that piano sound first loud and then soft when your sister plays it?” He : “ Well, you see, she is learning to ride a bike, and uses the pedals alternately from force of habit.” Papa: “So Emily now stands at the head of her class in French ?” Mamma : “ Yes. She and another girl were exactly even in the written examinations, but it was decided that Emily shrugged her shoulders the more correctly.” The following extremely novel adver tisement lately appeared in a Fench pro vincial newspaper : — “ For Sale: One' monkey, two poodle dogs, and a parrot. The owner, Mademoiselle L., being about to marry, has no further use for these animals.” In a certain country Court-room one day there had been such a chattering among the spectators that the judge ex claimed : “Silence! Usher, let us have decorum in court !” The officer, a native of the Emerald Isle, at once rushed to the door, calling out: “ Richard Orum 1 Richard Orum !” It was some time before “decorum” was secured. ■N- P- Willis, the American writer, was ' usually the life of the company he hap pened to be in. His repartee at Mrs Wales’s dinner in Washington is famous. Mrs Gales wrote on a card to her niece, it the other end of the table: “Don’t lirt so with Nat Willis.” She herself was .alking vivaciously to a Mr Campbell. iVillis wrote the niece’s reply: “Dear lunt, don’t attempt my young feelings to irammel, Nor strain at a Nat while you iwallow a Campbell !” Best Suggestion Yet.-She (at the heatre): “So you don’t like that hat just n front of us ? How would you like it rimmed ?” He (savagely): “ With a lawn nower!’ And Bobby Naturally Agreed.—Visi or : “ Whom do you take after, Bobby -your papa or your mamma ?” Bobby Iraggs : “ That depends. When Aunt jarah’s here ma says I take after her oik ; and when Uncle James Craggs is lere ma says I’m a regular Cra""s. they’re both rich.” Irrepressible in Every Way.—B. : ‘My dear boy, how did you manage to ut your face like that?” J. .- “Well, 'ou see, I can’t stand a barber’s chatter’ 0 1 hired a dumb one to come in and have me every morning.” B. : “And he lidn’t know how to shave—eh?” J. ‘ Oh, yes ; he could shave all right, but Le persisted in talking to me on his fin er? all the while !” Not Overwhelmed by the Honor._ 1 Scotch hotelkeeper, at whose houso ’ennyson had stayed, was asked : “ Do ' ou ken who you had wi’ you t’other iglit?” “Na,” was the hotelkeeper’s eply j 11 hut he was a pleesant shentle lan.” “It was Tennyson, the poet 1” ‘An’wha’ may he be?” “Oh, he’s a Titer of verses, sieh as ye see i’ the apers!” “ Noo, to think o’that ! Jeest pooblic writer, and I gied him ma best edroom !” Cloth and Brush. - A venerable and ompuus bishop was having his portrait ainted, and, after sitting for an hour in lenco, thought he would break the ionotony. “ How arc you getting long?” he enquired. To his astonish ment the artist, absorbed in his work, re lied .- “ Move your head a little to the ght and shut your mouth.” Not being icustomed to such a form of address, his irdship asked: “May I ask you why au address mein that manner?” The 'tist, still absorbed in his work, said : I want to take a little off your cheek.” Sausages for Tea.—An old lady en iged a new servant girl, who came from •eland. On the first day of her service le mistress went to the railway station the afternoon to meet some friends ho were coming to tea. As she left she ■bed to Mary, the new girl, and told ir they would have sausages for tea. rhen the time came she set the table, lie company assembled and sat down, he mistress told Mary to bring in the usages. Mary replied : “ If ye plaze, a’am, I’ve brought them in ; they are the taypot.” “In the teapot!” ex^ aimed the mistress. “ Whatever have >u done ?” “ Well, if ye plaze, ma’am, ssaid ye would have sausages for tay.” le had “infused” the sausages in the" apot. 