SANITATION AND TYPHOID THE DEEP DRAINAGE SYSTEM. There is an ancient legend, which Browning has put into exquisite English verse, of a certain Eastern monarch who had been seized with a malady which defied the skill of the Court practitioners. As a last resource a young medico of ephemeral fame was summoned to attend tbe dying prince, and every possible inducement was oSered him to put forth his moat subtle power. Wealth and position were profferred. Whea these were of no avail the dying man promised the aspiring youth that he should have his only daughter to wife and half of the kingdom as dowry if he would exorcise the evil influence which was surely tapping his life. The master of drugs and charm 3 did his best, but all the while death seemed inevitable, for at the head of the bed whereon lay the prince, in form invisible save to the eye of the magician, stood the brooding sbapo of baton. Kow it happened that the doctor was the eon of bis diabolical majesty, who years before had assumed human semblance, in which he courted and wedded a damsel fair to the eye, but a ebrew at heart. Recognising his sire at the pillow of his patient the doctor's first care was to in duce him to leave the room, but all his over tures were futile. " Fool, 1 chum my prey ?" retorted die Kvil One to every solicitation of his son. At length, just when the prince was about to yield up the ghost, the man of medicine remembered that his shrewish mother was the one being on earth whom his father feared, and be hurriedly sent for her. As she entered the room Satan groaned and fled. Then ?re the charms successful, and the recovery of the prince was speedy. This story, taken from tho Talmud, contains a pa.able. It shows how once the belief ob tained that human health except in minor matters, lay outside the circle controlled by natural law. This superstition survived long after many other old ideas baa been displaced by the light of accumulated knowledge. Less than two centuries ago the stars were sup posed to be invested with a power over all diseases, so that incantations and charms were used to cripple their influence. Kven in the early stage of medical science the herbs and drugs which relieved disease were believed to flerive that power by virtue of some solar affinity. During the present cen tury, however, the last surviving ?hy^H?* of this old-world lore have been cleared away. There is now no question as to the im portance of securing the must healthy environ ments for human life. The grim old supersti tions which for thousands of years held the world in adamantine tiiraldom have at length been dissipated, and it is universally acknow ledged that the public health is as surely con trolled by law as are the movements of the heavenly bodies, and that infractions of this law bring disaster. The attention of men of scientific attainment is largely directed to the discovery and the accurate comprehension of these laws. The most remarkable feature or the old- tine superstition wan its indifference to the knowledge in which is involved the physi cal well-being ot the people. Mathematics and speculative philosophy found a space in the curriculum ot the Greek academies altogether out of proportion to their bearing on the re quirements of every day life, but the prac tical and utilitarian problems were ignored or treated with contempt. Even in compara tively recent times a mucb greater snare of attention was devoted to pureiy speculative questions than to those subjects around which are entwined the weiiare and prosperity of life. The kind of know ledge which, with tine satire, Tennyson haa branded as "the fairy tales of Science and the long results of Time," was cultivated, but the useful information by means of which domestic civic, and national improve ments might be secured was little heeded. No doubt this was in large measure due to tue superstitions which assigned health and disease to supernatural control. Amongst the Greeks the goddess Hygeia must be pro pitiated if robust health would be enjoyed, and if the ravages ot pestilence wrougut ue=o lation in any district the explanation was sought in some umbrage given to the gods by neglect or defiance, ill us Homer represents the plague which raged tor nine days until the air around the walls of Troy was blackened with the smoke of funeral pyres con suming the bodies of lion - hearted Greeks as having resulted from the wrath of Apollo, who, from his silver bow shot poisoned darts to avenge ilia Priest Cbryses against tbe insults poured upon him by tue haughty Agamemnon because of his supplication lor toe release of lus daughter Cbryseis, the fairest of women. This belief that the public health depended upon the caprice of the unseen powers was confined to no age or locality. Tennyson in "The Victim" illustrates bow the pestilence which had devastated tbe land could not be averted until Thor and Odin were appeased by tbe sacrifice of the nearest and dearest to the king, and mediaeval literature abouuds with incidents. A mure enlightened age has- laid aside these follies, whether clothed with the tine poetic imagery of classic times, or ragged with tbe gruesome superstitions of witch craft and denionology. Science now assigns ri;-j. n g^_ in whatever form it may appear, to some natural cause, and the world moves steadily forward to the time when, as tbe result of careful investiga tion, the human intellect will gain an absolute mastery over tue laws which control health. Then, as the poet sings, we shall see All diseases quenched by science. Ho sumo bait, or deaf or blind * Stronger ever bora ot weaker. .Lustier body, larger mind. Strange as it may seeni the work of quacks and charlatans has in no small degree given an. impetus to the real scientific study of the best means of promoting health. Paracelsus was doubtless more or less of a quack, yet he conceived the possibility of unearthing hidden knowledge whereby disease would be banished from tbe face of the earth like a. hideous nightmare and mankind should : continue in unimpaired health for evermore. I Already hygiene has been given a place in the van of academic studies, and many of the strongest intellects of the age are devoted to its investigation. The result is very apparent, especially in thickly-populated places. The death-rate of all the leading cities of Europe lias declined steadily, as the principles of health have been unfolded and adopted, bsani tation forms one of tbe most important features in this modern science, and Lhe mode by which tbeeewage of a. city is disposed of may be said to occupy a first place in any system for preserving the good health of tbe people. So long as tbe atmosphere is contami nated with foetid odors so long will all manner of zymotic diseases be rampant, and the large centre of population which allows tbe continuous pollution of its atmosphere simply invites plague by creating the environment in which it can flourish. Sanitary engineers and others whose experience qualities them to speak with authority arc unanimously of the opinion that the most efficient method of : disposing of the sewage is by means of deep drainage, although there is not the samo oneness in their conclusion as to what form of deep drainage is i most preferable. Several rival systems each finds its own advocates, and bo doubt each possesses commendable features distinctly its own. The chief desideratum seems to be to combine perfect sanitation with economy of outlay, or otherwise to make the capital expenditure as re productive as possible. It is not claimed tbat tbe introduction of Lhe deep drainage system into Adelaide has altogether swept the land of the class of diseases to which typhoid belongs, but that it ban done much in this direction cannot be denied. Official returns uliow tbat tiie benetieia! results bave been suffi ciently large to justify the most sanguine ex pectations of tbe advocates of the necessary improvement. For four years before its intro duction the annual death rate of the city of Adelaide from all causes was "25 "12 pei thousand of the population. The average death rate for tbe last 10 years has been 22 ~J2 per thousand, and this notwithstanding tbe serious augmentation of the number of fatali ties tlmougrh influenza. A been world wide in its ravages it would assuredly have visited South Australia with disastrous effect eyes if tberu bad been nc deep diainogo, and would have greatly in creased tbe normal death rate. There are at present a good number ol typbuid fever cases within tbe area dealc witb by the system, but enquiry discloses the fact that in many instances tbe contagion has existed miles away from Adelaide, and that the patients have returned home in consequence of contracting the disease. Even where this is uoz the cause it is generally found on investi gation that tbe districts most affected are those where the drainage is least complete. According to ex]>ert testimony tbe heavy floods of last lfebruary have in at large measure contributed towards the growth and vigor of the monster. This distinctly applies to the I outbreak in the eastern suburbs of November 'last, the origin of which is now generally acknowledged to have been due to tbe * presence of decomposed matter in water used for drinking purposes at a school picnic. Medical opinion is too con flicting regarding tbe contaminating pro perties of the Happy Valley water supply to admit of anything like .i trustworthy decision being arrived at, although it is fair to 'to say that the balance of testimony is on the side of the reservoir. It is certain, 1 however, tbat the need of filter-.-g jj apparent in every glass drawn. from the ordinary household tap. This does not necessar'Jy imply the presence of typhoid bacillus, Uthougb Dr. EL H. Wigg in tbe re port submitted by him to the Unley Board of Health appears to entertain no doubt that such is the case. Tbe same authority, after painstaking :.nvestipration, failed to find evi dence of any existing epidemic in Unley. As j tbis board of bsalth covers New Parkside and I Goodwood, tweof the localities which rumor has pointed to as being specially affected, tho reassurance is significant and gratifying. j The presfdent of the Central Board of Health (Dr. Whittell) it a. report on Monday, I January 10, suites that no official statements of an alarming character have | reached his office. This could scarcely be ! asserted if tbe disease were really as rampant as Dr. Todd bad been led to suppose when he penned the cow famoui letter which appeared recently in the columis of The Adtvrliser. Typhoid is in any case a terrible scourge, and its presence in no matter bow limited a degree is greatly to be deplored. Tbere is a fascination in terror which easily lends itself to an exaggerated scaie. Tue "actual know ledge of a very few authentic cases of the disease would naturally be foundation enough for tbe creation and circulation of fearsome stories, while hideous visions of a horrible plague would be conjured up in the brain of pessimistically disposed individuals. With climatic conditions such at those under which South Australia has been scorched during the present month it is surely a matter for con gratulation that typhoid has not reached any thing like epidemic proportions. That it has not done so is beyond question due to the ex cellent sanitation which tbe adoption of the deep drainage has assured to Adelaide and its suburbs. It is simply appalling to contemplate wbat would probably have been tbe result bad the old method been still in voeue. Seeing then that the benefits are co substantial it is interesting to enquire at what cost we enjoy the boon. Figures supplied by tbe sanitary engineer show the total length of pi| laid up to date in the metropolitan dis trict to be 183 miles. These are dis tributed over a large portion of the drainage area, and it is expected that by degrees tbe whole of the suburbs will be brought : under the operations of die system. At | picsent tbe whole of Adelaide is connected I with the sewage system, and tbe corporate towns of Unley, Norwood and Kensington, Thebarton, Hindmarsh, St. Peters, Walker ville, and Bumside have each a large portion of their area efficiently drained. Since Juno last 55.309 ft. have been added to the mains. The entire outlay on deep drainage, exclusive of course of tbe water supply, from tbe inception of the scheme to the present : has been £500,022. During last year a large portion of Hindmarsh and Goodwood was con nected, while it is intended to extend the pipes throughout tbe rest of those towns during the present year. Operations are now in pro gress at Prospect with a view of bringing tbe whole of that district within the scope of the system. Altogether 15,900 houses have been connected up to date. All ot tbe work done is very substantial, and bas involved not only the excavation of trenches and laying of pipes, but also tbe construction of a large quantity of concrete tunnelling. That the original survey and design, including tbe size lof the pipes and the gradients of the mains, were made with the utmost skill, is apparent from tbe splendid manner in which all parts of tbe system work. ' Any extensive system of deep drainage must of necessity involve a veiy considerable cost in disposing of the sewage, and despite tbe numerous experiments and inventions which have been noted from time to time no method of finally getting rid of the refuse in such manner as to entirely meet tbe interest and maintenance charges involved has yet been discovered. Sewage farms worked on different principles and the precipitation or ' conversion into manure, and even mortar, of the solids contained have all alike proved un equal to tbe task of meeuncr tbe outlay for maintenance. Still tbe refuse must be dis posed of somehow. The system adopted years ago of emptying it into livers or of taking it out in barges to be dropped into the sea served to show tbat the whole object of the deep drainage was thereby defeated, the foul , exhalations being & continued menace to' the public health. Some form of sewage farm such as tnat adopted in Adelaide appears to be growing in favor everywhere. Undoubtedly it was a bold enterprise for a colony so young as South Australia to launch out into tbe exten sive system of drainage which now practically embraces tbe whole of tbe metropolis and its surroundings, but our people have repeatedly shown tbat they are not to be daunted by the colossal proportions of asy undertaking when j once they ara convinced of its necessity, I and in this case the result has amply justified their enterprise. Tbe expenditure has been heavy and the work enor mous, but the result is gratifying. Typhoid fever and kindred scourges threatened the in habitants of the land, and the very elements '? which made Adelaide a pleasant place to dwell in lent themselves to the spread of the malady. ' If to the present climatic conditions and tbe exhalations from the deposits of the recent floods had been added tbe evils arising from inadequate treatment of sewage Adelaide would have been visited by plagues similar to those which make Perth and other West Australian centres such undesirable places of residence. Kven if the cost of maintenance made a heavy demand upon the citizens the benefits accruing are so great that the outlay would be cheerfully met, for in a matter of life and death cost becomes unimportant. But no one will complain of the nominal taxation levied for sewage purposes, especially ; when it is remembered that in the absence of the system the expense of destroying or purify ing the refuse would still be considerable. Needless to say the introduction of the deep ' drainage has enormously increased the water consumption of the city. Failing a sufficient supply for flushing purposes deep drainage instead of promoting health would become a moat prolific cause of disease, indeed a very death-trap. The plentiful supply from the Happy Valley water scheme has, however, re moved all nervousness on this head, and there now remains so sufficient reason why all the districts around die citjr should not in process of time be brought within tbe operation of tbe system, especially as the work already done returns slightly over 4 per cent, interest on the I capital outlay. 