In Typlioid a Preventable Dlscaae 1 Any ranu or woman who has ever struggled through tho IU, 12, or 15 weeks' oxporiouoo of.« dotorminod nttaok of typhoid fovor will think (says tho English Umpilnl) wo havo placed an ? - exceedingly important nueation at tbo head ol this annotation. Can typhoid be iirovoutod P Woll oithor it on or it canuot ; oithor it is » disotiso whoso cause wo know uud can doftl practically with, or it remains still ono of thos« myatorios which baffle bciouco aud practice alike. but typhoid is not now a ?' mystery ' to tho raau of flcionco \ of thit wo aro -3uru- Xt is, on tho contrary, a woll undorstood and ootiroly inaa a-j;oablo mul pruvontublo malady. Dr. T. E. Hayward, medical officor of hoalth for Haydook, Lnncashire, telld his pariah in his annual roport not only that it ia nrovontnhlo, but alao by what prociso and simplo tnonus it mav bo'trovout-'d* Wo nnvo nail occasion boforo tOoxpross approval of Dr. Hay ward's iutoltigonco and thoro ughueos us a inotiical ollicor of ho-tltb ivnd wo commoud with confidence his tersely osprossod ' Prinoiploe of Typhoid Provoution,' as made publio in hit' roport /or 1805. ' Typhoid is a pro»ont»bl» disonso,' says this authurity. *' It is a dii-oas9 of filth, ond ospeoially of tho filth of human oxcrotnont ' That is to bo tnkon as th* beginning o[ knnwloilgo. tho A B O of typhoid proventioii by tho unscientific. The next stop is equally ouj. Typhoid ia a disease of baoilll, typhoid bacilli': and tho bacilli wo fiud in human oxoromont! It 19 probabio that no man or woman ovor takos typhoid except by ewallowiug somo typhoid tiaoilli. Tboy may bo swallowoil, as wo havo siid, iu driukiu' water or thoy m&T; T-* bo llying about in tho air in tho ueigbbourhool with muutbfulls of air! What, thon, is the first and last cotntnaudinout of typhoid provontion f It is all thoro. If we keep ours'8lT0311oloa'll ;''i( * wo koop' our drinking water clean.; if wo keep our cloaot)' lind bur draius, our kitehbni, anil our 'sculloruw, gardous. streets, aui towns ontiroly cloitii, typhoid . will bo praotioally at great a stranger to most of us as is the ghost of King Solotnuu or tlie ehuilu' of tho oitiuct Deinothorium. 