FOR THB BEBEL CAUSE. A ROMANCE OF- THE CHILI: WAE. (By A: P. CROUCH.) CHAPTER VI. It cannot be denied that the mental quality known as 'tact' is an extremely useful one to Its possessor. In dealing with mankind the greatest intellects have felt the need of it, and there are many, instances of a brilliant career being blighted by its absence. Indeed, this attribute of the intelligence, united io only a modest modicum of brains, has «o often been the cause of exceptional success that it may hi1 almost reckoned as an essential quality in those characters which come to the front in tbo battle of II f ?'». Tact, however, is sometimes only another name for skill in practising deception, and wheu :ipp»?.'irins iu this garb is more easily d»j;wt(?d by the weaker .than the stronger sex. YViih their quick iuiuitivp perceptions, women tst'wu better :ible to judge how far a man's.con du.-t.i-- guided by real honesty of purpose, or by ;i spurious; imitation of it, and if his inten li .uis do liur tally with his acts, they are sure to discover i ho discrepancy. Thus :t was that, though Don Pedro acted his par: with an amount of skill which evok e;3 Si'iiora Kslremera\s involuntary admiration, he made no progress iu Dolores's favor. Not tjut.-f during tlsf day which followed that of Li.s arrival tiki he present himself at Senor ^Iciiua's quarters. As long as daylight lasted, lie continued his surveys of the harbor and the approaches to it. aud iu the evening lie dined with soiiu- friends at his hotel, accompanying them afterwards t;i the club. On the third day Don Podro made a formal call in the af tevnoou, and though according to Chilian eti quotte In.- was allowed no opportunity of sij^aking; to Dolores except iu the immediate presence of her aunt, he conducted himseir throughout iho interview with admirable sav oiv faii'L1. iR'iiher showing himself conscious -!l' Tho nsarkod coldness of Dolores's manner towarils Jiiui. nor ou the oiher hand being pi qued into tht.1 error of ignoring her altogether aiiil devoting himself entirely to her aunt. Ir must be eoufe&sed.; however, that this beha vior cost the proud young officer no little effort, and as he left the house that afternoon he swore to hiius-?lf that he would obtain some Thiug morp definite on the following day. He had 'declined an invitation to dinner which Senora Moiina had siven him, but had said th:ii he wtuild like to make his appearance for a short tinii- afterwai-ds, in order to pay his rnsp^-ts ro iht iaJie.s. He now determined to lake advantage of this opporfunity to as eei-t the ijosition to which he felt he was en titled. After being accepted by both the par ems, was he to put up with euch treatment at their daughter's hands? It was shortly after nine o'clock on the fol lowing evouiiis — as they were taking coffee on tb-» baii-oiiy— tliat Don Pedro was announced. The Intondente, or Governor of Caldera, a tall, hollow-cheeked man, had arrived a short time previously, and Dolores was afraid that he would engross the attention of Senor Molina and his wife, leaving Don Pedro alone with Syuora Estremera and herself. But her alarm 011 '.bus point proved unfounded, for the Inten dinte barely gave the officer time to exchange greetings with the ladies before he walked him off. iu company with Senor Molina, to a dis tant corner of the balcony, where he proceeded to extract from him all the latest news in Val paraiso, and to discuss the prospects of the Dictator's triumph in the war. Don Pedro supported the wearisome inquiry with a patience quite exemplary, and even an swered cheerfully the Intendente's numerous questions cucerning his personal friends in the south. He had given him on the day of his- -arrival all -'the-' most- important dteuis- of uMicial information, so that when the Inten demx\ after going through them afresh, began to indulge in fanciful speculations with re jraul to the issue of the struggle, Don Pedro tij'Uight that it was time to admit the ladies into tlii' discussion, and expressed an opinion tn that effect. The Intendente accepted the suggestion, and, approaching the ladies, he' said: 'Yon must excuse us, senoras, for having left you by yourselves so long. We have been discussing important matters, and in these anxious times the cares of office are always with us.' 'I hope the discussion has proved satisfac tory, Intendente,' said Senora Molina, motion ing him to a chair at her side. 'As satisfactory as could be expected, sen era.' he replied. 'Without an efficient fleet, you see, it ie impossible to carry the war into the enemy's country, and all 'we can do is to j wait for their attack.' 'But you don't think they will attack Cal dera, I hope?' asked Senora Estremera, in alarm. A ghost of a smile flitted over the Inten dente's long, thin face. 'Supposing they did, eenora,' he returned, 'what good would they get by it? Caldera I itself could offer no resistance, but if they wumred inland, they would easily be defeated i by the President's forces under Stephan.' i 'Even then.' persisted the senora, 'the war would be no nearer a conclusion. They would still hold the nitrate provinces, and without a ii.-iw we cannot recover them.' 'But the President's new cruisers, the Pinto and Errazuriz, will soon be leaving Europe, and will be able to act on the offensive against the rebel fleet' 'Not to mention the torpederas, Lynch and Condell,' observed Don Pedro, with a smile, 'which may do some useful work before the arrival of the cruisers.' Dolores sat and listened to the conversation without once opening her lips. It was pain ful foi her to hear discussed the various means by which the Presidential party hoped to de feat the Congress, though the triumph of the latter would prove equally disastrous to her happiness. She was thankful, however, that the talk absorbed the attention of the whole party, and that Don Pedro-found no chance of* addressing himself to her. It was nearly ten o'clock, and the visitors must soon withdraw. But just as the young girl had come to this conclusion, Senora Molina took the Intendente aside to sign an official document, and Senora Molina absenting herself at the same time. Don Pedro was lefr alone with her aunt and herself on the balcony. Here was his- opportunity, and lie lost no time in availing himself of it. Ad:i!os.iiug Senora Estremera he began: 'I expect to be leaving Caldera to-morrow, si:r.-;ra. ;o return to Valparaiso, but before I jju I \v;sli to ask you if I might beg Senorita I--..Io!t=a's acceptance of a little token of my de-ii : egard for her.' I; was the first time that he had attempted to imroJuce the subject of his betrothal, and afivr his self-effacement of the last two days,: k lu.A Dolores and her aunt completely by suvpiUf. The former did not utter a word, thov.^h her heart beat wildly— almost audibly, t,h.- Lured. Senora Estremera. annoyed by wlui: si-e considered a blunder on Don Pedro's nar;. after the warning she had given him, re plit'.l:' ?'Th-.-re is no need, Don Pedro, to address yourself to me. I do not wish to exercise any .iurkilioiiou in the matter. Dolores is present. She i.-:in speak for herself.' Don P.eilro saw that he must reckon withont the si'iiora's assistance, but he was hot a matt. to !-:? easily disheartened. It would be as well lie thought, to let the girl understand that his resolve to prosecute his suit was as iiriii a.--) ever, and he accordingly continued: 'Do.'ia Dolores has not, perhaps, been . in fcritifd that when I was in Valparaiso a. few. 'iiajs ago. I presented myself at her parents' h..::vi\ and craved permission to become a sul ti.: : '.;;- her hand. Colonel Cardeuosa and his v.iiv- were kind enough to accept me iu thai light, and I at once procured a ring, the usual token of betrothal. May I beg. your accept ance, of .it, Senorita Dolores?' and the young officer rose, and 'with a profound bow held out before her an open case, in which glittered a magnificent diamond ring: Dolores, who had grown quite pale, shrank back from the proffered gift, regarding it. with a look of abhorrence. 'No, no,' she exclaimed, hurriedly. 'I can not accept your ring, Senor Don Pedro.. It is true that I have received a letter from my mother mentioning your name, but how can one tliinfc- of such things in the midst of this dreadful war? No, senor, you must keep the ring, and I can only hope,' she added, with, a faint smile, 'that you will soon find someone who will display to full advantage such costly stones.' Don Pedro experienced a bitter humiliation at. this rebuff, and an angry light burned in his eyes. With a great effort, however, he retained the command of his temper, and shutting up the case which contained the ring, he said: 'The ring is yours, Dona Dolores, and shall never be given to another lady. I will keep it in my possession till you grant me permis sion to place it on your finger with my own hand.' Dolores's heart failed her on hearing the tone of determination in which these words were uttered, and a painful silence would have ensued had not the Intendente now approach ed with rapid steps, and, touching Don Pedro on the arm, said, as he pointed over the glis tening waters of the bay: 'See, there, Don Pedro! A ship has just rounded the point and entered th& bay. I can not make her out. Do you know what she Is?' Don Pedro looked in the direction indicated, and the lines of his face grew hard. The ship showed no side lights, but the shape of her hull was just visible in the faint light of the stars, and with the keen eye of a sailor he recognised her instantly. 'Caramba! It's the Blanco Encalada!' was his . involuntary exclamation. 'The Blanco Encalada!' echoed Senora Es 1 tremera in alarm, rising hastily from lier chair. ! 'Then we may be fired upon at any moment. i Where can we find shelter?' Senora Molina, who returned at this mo ment to the balcony, also became infected with her guest's agitation, and the two ladies would soon have given away to panic, had not Don Pedro reassured them. 'Pray be seated, senoras!' he said with I great composure. 'There is not the slightest j cause for fear. They would be wasting shot 1 to fire upon the town, even if they were fool hardy enough to defy the international law re quiring two days' notice before bombard ment'' The Intendente's long, thin face had grown very sallow, and the confident air with which, a short time previously, he had spoken of the war, had now deserted him. In a voice which was hardly recognisable, he declared that he piust go. The enemy might land a force at any moment, and. in accordance with his in structions, he would have to surrender the town, there being no soldiers left to defend it. 'And you?' he added, turning to Don Pedro. 'If you remain here, you will be arrested. Make haste and escape while there is yet time,' and, with a hurried bow to the ladies, the agitated Intendente disappeared. But Don Pedro did not attempt to follow this advice. On the contrary, after persuad j ing the ladies to resume their seats, he also ? sat down and quietly conversed with them. I watching meanwhile the dark outline of the I enemy's ship grow larger and more defined. I as she drew nearer to the town. He could not help admiring the courage of her captain, who was entering a hostile port after dark, without having made anv previous reconnais sance. It was only another proof, he reflected bitterly, of the manner in which the adherents of the Congress supplied it with information with regard to towns still held by the Presi dent The fleet had' evidently learnt that no resistance was- to be expected at Caldera. Soon over the silent harbor came the dull splash of the anchor as it plunged into the water, to the accompanying, rattle of the an chor chain. It was evideur that the captain stood in no fear of the President's torpedo boats. He had probably been informed that they were unable to put to sea on account or repairs. It seemed as if nothing could be kept secret from the revolutionists. A couple of boats were next lowered and put off from either 6ide of the ship. The ladies once more became alarmed, fearing that an attack upon the town was meditated. But Don Pedro as sured them that the boats were only lowered — according to the usual custom hi a hostile port— for the purpose of patrol duty. 'What will you do, then?' Senora Molira asked. 'It will be impossible for yon to get on board a steamer to return to Valparaiso.' I 'I have made provision against such a con tingency,' replied Don Pedro quietly, (as he rose to go. 'It is getting late, senora, and I must take my leave.' ' *''? In bidding the two ladies farewell, he once more assured them that there was no cause for uneasiness hi the arrival of the Blanco, j and if theTe was to be any fighting at all, it I would be inland, and not at Caldera. He took leave of Dolores last She was seated at a little distance from the others, so that,' in tones sufficiently low not to be heard by them, he was able to say: 'You were in the right, eenorita, and I was in the wrong, when you rebuked me this even ing for alluding to a certain subject. In these critical times,-. a man can never tell one day where he will he. the next-.. I may not meet you again for many weeks, or even many months, but I beg you to Temember that a Gonzalez is never false to his word, and'does not forget!' i ; On reaching the open air, Don Pedro made his way to the sea front, and walked along the quay towards the position where the Blanco was anchored. As he went, he paused every now and again, and with' the aid of a pocket compass, took her bearings from some public building or conspicuous landmark. He even ventured on to the mole, south-west of which she lay, and noted her position care fully. His temerity nearly cost Mm his life, for one of the Blanco's guard-boats suddenly emerged from the shadow ot a neignDoring schooner, and the officer in the stern would certainly have discharged his pistol at him, nad he not fallen back to the cover of some bales of merchandise, and effected his re treat. 'One can never tell how far such notes may be of service,' he said to himself, as he closed his pocket-book and bent his steps towards the south-west corner of the harbor. Arrived here, Don Pedro crossed the narrow rocky neck of the isthmus forming the west ern shore of the. harbor, and gained the beach on. the further side, washed by 'the waves of the Pacific. A small schooner Jay anchored a short distance ;oiff the land, but on giving a peculiar call on his whistle, a rowing boat put off from it and pulled in his direction. Ten minutes later Don Pedro stepped on board the schooner. 'To Coquimbo, my good Alfonso,' he said to the burly master of the craft, 'with as much sail as you can carry. I must not miss the mail to Valparaiso!' (To be continued.) *? 