THE DRUCE MYSTERY. THE CASE ABOUT THE PORTLAND ESTATES. Public interest is now fully aroused in the mystery of the Highgate vault and the growing opinion is that exhumation, and nothing but exhumation, can afford a solution of the strange case, says Lloyd's Weekly Newspaper. The remark heard on every hand is "If Mrs. Druce be a de- luded lady, why not have this straight- way proved by opening the grave and the coffin therein ? The spade would speedily settle the vexed question." But it is not the intention of the solicitors of the trustees of the will to have that tomb disturbed. Indeed, the eagerness of Mrs. Druce in the direction of exhumation is only equalled by their eagerness to prevent her. An impartial public naturally infers that Mrs. Bruce's contention gives her opponents an uneasy feeling of uncertainty as to the contents of that coffin, lowered into the vault thirty four years ago, and purporting to hold the remains of the late Thomas Charles- Druce, her husband's father. Truth never was " stranger than fiction than in this wander far story. Let the main features be gathered up in resents. Six months ago Mrs. Bruce's son, Sidney Charles became of age. She accordingly employed solicitors to have his title vindicated to the ownership of the Druce vault in the Highgate Cemetery. The then owner was Mr. Herbert Druce. of Baker-street Bazaar. His solicitors offered strenuous opposition, but subsequently yielded without litigation. The grave was, therefore, transferred to Sidney Charles Druce. This was the first stroke in the fight, and Mrs. Druce won. She next sought to prove that her son was heir- at-law to the will as well as to the vault and she made out so convincing a case before Dr. Tristram, in the London Consistory Court, that he granted her a faculty to have the grave opened for the purpose of ascertain- ing whether many years ago a large sum of money had been diverted from her by the alleged bogus burial of her father in-law. It may be taken as certain that the Chancellor did not make this order on any sentimental grounds. As a matter of fact it was proved by actual production of the burial certificate of the original T. C. Druce that no medical signature was attached. It is this extraordinary omission which lends the most weighty support to the lady petitioners case. Moreover, several birth certificates were produced by Mrs. Druce's solicitors in support of her plea that the claims of the hitherto recognised heir were not legitimate. Mr. Phillips, who acts for Mrs. Druce, is confident that when the judge or judges shall have heard the astounding proofs he can bring forward they will up- hold the Chancellor's faculty. The lawyers on the other side pin their faith to the technicalities of the Burials Act, under which it is contended that in exhuming one body other coffins must not be moved. The coffin in dispute being at the bottom of the vault the moving of those above it could not possibly be avoided. It is, however, very possible that the letter of the law may have to submit to the facts of the case. Mrs. Druce's solicitors state that they know the contents of the coffin ; are, indeed, virtually in the position of having an invoice. They persistently avow that there is no body there. Not un- naturally, the cemetery company, too, would like to see the matter cleared up. They do not like the moral stigma which in some sense attaches to their part in the curious business. The secretary who was in office at the time of the disputed burial in 1894 is dead years ago, and his successor cannot conceive what that gentleman was thinking about, or what motives could induce him to permit a burial without medical certification, and without any statutory declaration proving the title of the person claiming to be the heir-at-law.. Such a thing passes comprehension. The only obstacle now in the way of exhumation, therefore, is legal quibbling. Should the Queen's Bench refuse to uphold the Chancellor's order, then Mrs. Druce's solicitors will appeal to the House of Lords. For the present the petitioner is being encouraged and supported by members of the Pembroke family who have espoused her cause. THE IMPOUNDED PHOTOGRAPH. Round the photograph- which is impounded by the Consistory Court a great deal of interest clings. It was given to Mrs. Druce for production in the court by a gentleman (whose name for the present we are asked not to mention who was a personal friend of the late Mr. Druce, from whom he received it. He will swear to it being Mr. Druce, as will several other witnesses. On the other hand, Dr. Forbes Winslow has stated that, to the best of his belief, it is the photograph of Dr. Harmer, who was under his care for insanity.' Again, the photograph . is declared to be identical with some taken of the late Duke of Portland, when for a short period that eccentric nobleman wore a board. So impressed was Dr. Tristram with these facts that he forthwith ordered the photograph to be impounded as important evidence, and it is now in charge of his court. It is a carte-de- visite, with full length figure, only a trifle over 3in. in height. The beard appears to have been touched up by his photographer. AVno WAS DR. HARMER? A representative of the Sun has had an interview with the man who was " Dr Harmer's " keeper in Dr. Forbes Winslow's private lunatic asylum at Hammersmith. George Williams is the keeper's name. From tending lunatics in the seventies he has for several years been batsman at St. Mary Islington workhouse infirmary. AIF should think I did know Dr. Harmer,-' he said, " and I sha'n't forget him, either I have attended to lunatics in Bethnal Green Asylum and Northumberland House, Finsbury Park, but never saw the likes of him. He was for ever striking attitudes in a corner, point- ing at the floor, stamping his feet, and shouting " Down there, it's down there down, down, down ;" then he would shudder as if seeing a ghost coming out of a hole in the floor. All day long he kept on talking about passages under the ground." " Would you be able to identify his photograph ?" '. In a moment,-' said Williams, rising ex- expectantly from his chair. Unfortunately the only photograph produced in the Druce mystery has been impounded by the Consistory Court. Williams gave the following verbal portrait of Dr. Harmer -" He weren't a hand- some man; short and 'thick set; wore a greyish bear J, I think; pulled awful faces when the fit was on (and it was more often on than off and looked like a man with a tidy weight on his mind." '. You could see with SALE an eye that he was no common patient. He always wore a top hat, and used to treat his other attendant, Mr. New, who came with him, and myself with contempt just like a dock! You never knew when he might fire something at you. Out in the grounds his favourite sport was chucking stones about. We had to be constantly clutching hold of his arm. " Periodically Mrs Harmar visited him. She looked about 45 and the doctor about GO. He seemed to talk quite sensibly to his wife. He had the best apartments in the house. Nobody else ever came to see him. Mrs. H.trmsv always brought cigars, and he smoked furiously till the supply was done, lighting one cigar with the end of another. " Mr. New generally slept with him, but sometimes I took New's place. Talk about a strange bedfellow, if he wakened once he wakened twenty times, raving about ap- parations and that eternal hole in the floor. He was always quite certain the bed would sink into it. "I was his keeper in the year, 1879. fifteen years after the alleged burial of Mr. Druce in the family vault at Highgate. In course of time he got well again, and left the asylum. I never heard of him practising as a doctor. I last saw him in his house called Marshgatc, at Richmond, in the year 1851. He was in bad health, and died shortly afterwards. I don't know where he was buried. But I do I know that he was not buried at Highgate A in 1664." v . " 