Tlin Mail Who nought a -»liiisf, SUES POIl NON-BHUVUHV: Wlicrn ihoCiiliftii'iiiariimlloil jiullcil out from Ilio lli'iirborn alruot sta tion on tlio iiiBl't of .Innimrr 1, 18!)—, tho aiunkiiiicrooiii of tho 1'ull iiiiiii ivn« ni'i'iipii'd by six trims, conti ntMilnl trnvclliTi-. It whh 10 o'clock whon tlioy U'ft riiieiign, nnd tlio linlf Ikiiii- fulliiwiiifi was spciil by eucjli mnti in liiliiiit! lui'Mliil Mock (if lua imiiii imniiriiH wilh (ho |iiii'|n)H« of iliilormiii IMK if tho |irn1iiil)iliticnworuln fnvor of nn ngri'i'nlilo liin. It was niter brrakfnnt on tho first morning out, «» tlioy wern Bpuwling ncroBa t lie wiilo ]ilnin« of K'hhriih, that tho tnlk tiognn tu Inko on somo unity, nnd to bocoinu ronllj worth wtiilo, It hnnponud in tins way : — Tho bluiT-lookiiiK mnri in tlio Rroy twccdn, who ini^lit liavo been cither u newspaper niiui or n ppnimnt-wliminj» ynctitmiian, lmd chanced lo reinnrk in cidentally thnt ho followed tlio nrofos »ion of tho law. And upon tliia tlio quiet, sinooth-Faced young innn in tlio cornor, whom nil tho others united in uolioYinu; o clorgymnn, looked up -ritli auddon rnlorost. ' Pardon me,' ho aaid, in a voico us noft as a momaii'g, ' I don't menu to bo inquisitite, but if you enn do il, without violntiiiR tho bond of proton siouul secrecy, you niiolil roliovo tlio monotony of tins trip by tollinf; us of the moat rcmnrknblo ensn in which you linvo oror huon concerned, To hear u true storjr will bo vmtly bellor Iban rending lies.' 1 1 do nut know much nbout family nkelotons,' unid tho lawyer, by way of prelude, ' but this is, piTluipn, tho uosl thing to ono — a ghost Htory. Doubt less you have all heard ))lt'iity of ghost stories, but this differs from others in tho fnct that it iH a gbnsl story— with tlio [,'host kit out, Al leaBt, the ghost is not in it to the ox tout that ho should bo by rights.' 'It is about a client of mine,' he continued, warming to his work as liu «nw tho look of interest and expec tancy deepening on tho faces of hi* hearors, 'who aupil For the possession of a ghost he claimed to have bought, but which hnil not been ilolivoreJ.' 'It lmppenod when 1 wns youngor than now, I wan practising in an old town in 'Western MasRacliimulta. Jtouml about were a good inunyontatfii that hnd onco been tlio homes of families who woro more or less notable in their day. But tho mutabilities of time had brought about impoverish ment and degeneration, and ouo by ono thcBO homes camo undor the hammer and jiaaand into atranger hands. You know how such thingB go — for a soup, always, So it wax with a good deal of surprise that 1 lcarnod ono day that tho liiclmrdson place, as it was known through tho country, had beon sold for a vory largo gum — for quito us much, in fnct. as it would lmvo brought in its palmiost days, although now it was a vory dil apidatod old ruin. Tho wondor of tho matter was tho greater aa tho family was extinct, except for a minor nnd * poTorty- strieken branch, dead, too, to family pride, ao that «cntimont could lmvo played no part in the purchase 1 1 must go back a ltttlo and toll you that tho homo had long had the uncanny reputntion of being hauntcil — n- reputation, you may bo Biire, thnt was notot all calculated to add to it* markot value. There was a talo of Bomo treasure, hidden about or beneath it, and a ghost thnt walked nt midnight and pointed with white finder towards tho spot where it wan. Whatever valuo tho treasure Htory might lmvo given to tho house wns duly discounted by tho ghost that kopt guard over it. ' The legond back of all this was that tho trenBuro had boen hidden by a certain miserly old Hiehardton a long timo back to keep it it from tho reach of his runagate, spendthrift son. And the son had killed tho fathor for }ii» bis refusal to discover tho hiding placo. From that day on tho mur dered man had walked, ard Iiih ghostly «olf ever pointed ton-arc! tho spot ho had givon up his life to koop Bccrct. 1 Foolish as il may neem, this was tho reason my client hnd plunged ao wildly in buying tho plnco. Ho bo liovoa in ghosts, and oxpoctcd this onn to rovoal tho treasure to him. But after spending a month in tho houso and watched ovory night for tho ap ponranco of tho spook, without avail, ho dcoldod that the tale was a puro fabrication, and camo to mo to socuro redress, 'Upon investigation I found that the ngont had really sold tho house as haunted. This my client hail been wlso enough to haio apponr in tho descrip tion in tho dood of sulo, As tho ma jority of men do not boliovo in tho existooco of ghosts, 1 thought it would be cOBy enough to reeovor boforo n jury tho amount which my ollont had paid.' 1 1 will not worry you with tho do tails of tho caso. When it camo to trial tho attorney for tho dofonco in eistcd that the jury should judge for thomaolvoB, — not from tho ovidoneo produced in court, but by ocular ovi donco on tho spot— whothor or not tho Rhont wna thoro. And to this demnud tho judge aaientcd, and I mysolf was nothing loth, 1 Tho jury, my client, and tho attor ney for tho dofonco and myaolf arranged to spend n night in tho houno to dotortnino whothoror not tho ghost nppoared aa advertised. 'Wo woro all Tory jocular about it, oxcopt tho other attornoy. Ho was sorious and com posed, and towards midnight his importubablo gravity bonnn to liavo Bomo effect upon us. Athnlf-past 11 wo filed into the room whoro the Shado was snid to rondezrous. Wo hnd no light), and had agreed to koop porfect silonco, and so giro tho ghost ovory nhow. Tho night was intennoly darli, and a stondy rain was falling, and wo could boar it boat upon tho room. Wo had boon in tlio room but a fow ininutoB whon tho atillnonn began to grow opprijuBivo. Ituoonioil unnatural thnt 15 strong wiJo awakomon should ltoop such nhsoluto sijonco, 1 1'rosontly tho voice of tho other attorney wan heard, doop and mons »r«d— ' Koop your oyea fliod on tli door through which wo enmo. It always outers from that direction. It will bo clothed in whilo, and ils arnn will point Btraight ahead. AVnti-li,' ' For tho lirat timo my conlidenco in myHclf began to weaken, I found inywdf Beridimly coiiHiilei'ing the Iiossibility of jjhosls. How long I remained in thin stnlo I do not know, but suddenly I saw distinctly a lior riblo white something loom up before mo. I tried to hold on to myself, to reason away what I know to ho only a trick of tho imagination, but in ppito of all I felt tlio cold perspiration slur! upon upon my face, and knew my knoos wero shaking under mo. 'What I would liavo dono if left to my own volition I will not undertnko to say, A low groan at my right— a cry of fear upon tho othor Bide, and then a rush nnd scurry of feet— and a moment later wo stood huddling together in the rain outside, and tho ghost had proved his oxiatunco and lmd tho promises to himaolf — and my ciiont had lost his case,' There was a moment's ailonco as tho Btorytoller fluiahcd. Then tho young man who had sot him goinc nnid, ' But ho found his ghost, Was ho not satinllod f ' ' That is tho curious part of 11,' replied tho other) 'tho ghost never appeared again.1 The young man waited for him to speak further. And when ho did not, ho nsked, ' I [aro you no theory ?' ' Yes. I explain it in the samo war I do tho tricks of Iho Fakirs nnd Yoghis of tho East. The othor attor noy wr.s a hypnotist. Ho played upon tho imaginations as on a harp of a thousand strings.' 