siifiiii. ; THE HAUNTED HOUSE AT EU3TON. The story of the haunted house nest Eu8ton has bro tight forth a crop of oarious inquiries, seme bold spirits having even volunteered to occupy it, and one gentleman being desirous of taking it as a residence- It need hardly bp said that the fantastioally- attired conjuror, whose photograph the Scotch M.J?. found iu the house, and whom he subsequently confronted personally at a party in Belgravia, has not again been heard of, bnt the manifestation, it seems, did not disappear with him. Unaccounted sounds were heard nightly until some weeks ago, when the third family of oconpants made a precipitous flitting. One lady who has been interviewed tells of a terrible night she spent in the house as a guest of a family who occupied it some two years ago. .She says, 4 1 am usually a sound sleeper, bnt in that house on my first and only visit, about one a.m., 1 was awakened by a feeling that somebody had drawn their hands across my temples. Looking up I saw, gliding through the doorway, the retreating figure of a man, whose feet did not seem to touch tbe floor. Paralysed with fear, I could neither shout nor rise, and I suppose I must have become unconscious- It was probably an hour later that I remembered everything, and rose to find two miniature oil paintings lying on my dressing table. The landscapes did net then recall any place within my acquaintance. I was in tbe act of raising one when tbe teeling crept cold over me that I was not alone, and saw the phantom of a girl with long hair outlined on the window blind. I shrieked, and fell to the floor, and it was some weeks before I fully recovered from the shook I had received.' Another person who had oooupied the house — an iron-nerved old soldier— related that his bedroom bell rang repeatedly down stairs, though no one in the house touched it. Being no believer in ghosts, he deter mined to know what it meant. Accordingly, he had all the strippings removed, leaving the bell wire bare. Still it rang, while every inch of wire throughout its length was being watched by himself and some friends. On another occasion there came a series of most deliberate raps at tbe dining-room wall. Casting his eyes in the direction of the sound our informant saw the head and bast of a woman, whose face was unutterably sad. ' I was not frightened, only perplexed,' said the old gentleman, ' but when one night the piano gave two or three bars of music, though all the members of the household, including our only pet, the oat, were in another room beside me, I made up my mind it wonld be best to leave. I believe another family has had to leave since we did.' 