I THE LIGHT, THAT CAST NO SHADOW- | Ozrioiu stories sre told abou" the powers possessed I ny cr.— utrzi nturres 'Of India, vrho live up smrmg the 1 Himalaya oumxEns. These old mem, it is sod, have deToted sorras of rears to the study of natural j laws and "tiroes, -which the rest of the world knows j nothing about. Lately a German professor Tinted | the - adepts," as these queer Bind as are tailed, for l tie purpose of finding out tie secret of their re- - !' ms rstatus pen ctrmanoes. sney tzeaneu mm zazzjcr srurrily. nut interested ht—i til the seme. One dsy the professor wanted to »— »w--i» some anrienl I Sanscrit mannsuripts. An adept west -who him to a are wherein the hoths were kept. The piase was dark as the bottom of a wriL ' I can't see to read here.' arid the visitor. \- Then w e will have some light/ irar the reply, | and tmmedi&tely; (the professor says) a a:f:. pearly 3 lieit "orifhtened' theatre. He could not tell whence I it" came, but he notf.oed that :t had one strange j unality — it cast not the slisirtost shadow, j This if a hard story to believe, yet its trsfi is I zmimed by a man of vast learning and high i character, and tou who now read it have no reason for -doubt er-oepv that all the 1 igh ' s you have seen have cast shadewe, Ee'ief or unbelief commonly rues parallel with one's own experience. Dr Johrjan sniried at the account of the Irish on ear hquaie. yes credited the tale cf the Cock Lane ghost. A — -ic who has been ill lor years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell trim of a medicine which they believe wil J make him wsH. What -lee but doubt could result from his ex perience? Take tu -example: — " in the rprins of 1 writes our oorrespcndsnt, I f - 11 into a low. weak and languid state. 1 felt low-snirited and out of sorts. A: first my stomach was detatged. my apne'ioe poor, and after earing 3 had pain 'and -/eight at the chest. 3 was much Trouoied with wind, and frequently spat up a sour finid. also latter hiie. hve on 1 suffered -from nervossuesi and great depression -of Fydrite 3 kept up wiii my wore but had olwaysa sense of dis- comfojp i'3 and oo I oootinued in this way for two years, nothing thus i ' vxk reiierinz me. At last 1 heard off " other -rice 's yrnp. and pro- : cured a supply. After I had taken on3y a few doses I I -end relief ; my i od dige-ted. and gtadnaily all nervousness left me. Aithonzh I had ; no reason at first to feel toy /jotaience in this medicine, never having riser it or ierr it used. I ; now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease, binoe my rocoverv. for which I thank Mother edge-'s Curative Syrup, 3 have been in ins best of health mod spirits. 3n the interesti of suf fering humanity 3 deem it a duty to .send you this testimony. ( isned) D. Grimkk£,ia£ior and outfitter, 351, H oviey Eirminghamu June 5tm ltS3.' ; I here is a great deal oi difiierence betwseu '-5r , GriSib-- candid letter and the story about the i light that cast no shadow. Ihe latter may be true i enough, but it cannot be verified without more i trouble than it is worth- Cm the other hand we i have a trustworthy witness, who wiB answer ; letters of inquiry," and can be found at his j address. J Finally, there is nothing ruystcc cr magical j about Mo-her bsdgel's Cura-.ire Syrup. It acts on j the theory that most ailments are out symptoms, j form-, or T'hrasos 'A that universal disease — indices- | tion and dy ipenu a : it cures that, and throws tie light of health" and happiness over hearths and homes where bin ess and pair had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And thai is why people believe all that is told of its ssseess by eager wrtnesses- 