The Adventurers. (FROSI H. B. MARRIOTT-WATSON. Heathfield Cottage, Chiswlck W., London., Being a Narrative of Adventure Compiled from the Pnpers of EDWARD GREAT- OREX, of the Inner Temple, Barrlster-at- Law, and Edited by his Executor, H. B. Mnrrlott-Wntson. COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER II.— Continued. We passed through tho arch of masonry, and into the court yard within, where the old gentleman speedily summoned a man and gave him charge of the horse. And here again I noticed tlint further appearances tes tified to tho ifsc of the castle as a farm; for though the court yard was paved rudely with the original stones, tho masonry of the walls was prettily covered with many creepers and hung with Ivy. It was altogether a charm ing scene. From a scrutiny of this pleasant aspect I wns aroused by my host, who, paus ing as he pushed open a huge oaken door, turned to me suddenly: ' "I; am extremely remiss; Mr. Grcatorcx," - be exclaimed, with a gesture of apology, T'you have not yet tho style of your gratefnl | host. My name Is ICestoven, nnd this Is gene rally known ns Ivor Castle." All tills was conceived In the most formal and eccentric temper, nnd doubtless had It not been for the strange Interest of his con- duet, I might not have consented so easily to be his guest; for It wns now time for my homeward journey? However, I must. It appeared, sit nnd drink with litin n glass of sherry In bis library — a large and ancient room, with a very fine show of onken shelves and panellings. "This," snld lie, "Is a time for thinking, Mr. Greatorex, I will have no controversy upon the fact," he says, with a pleasant air of nuthority, and shaking his finger at me. "I agree tlmt I am out of date. It Is true. I have no stomach for port and no palate for your nutritious juices. Cluret savors of a perfumer's shop. As for spirits, they are but drugs nt the best. But give me a fine, full flavored glass of sherry— the ancient sack. Fnlstaff drank bottles of it a day; I"— his ercs lingered on the decanter — "I do what I can. Another glass, Mr. Greatorex?" I excused myself and rose for departure. For n minute or two ho appeared to have fallen into abstraction. And then, glancing nt me quickly, ho regarded me with a steadfast Inquiring gaze. "Mr. Greatorex," snld. he, "you are a young man. I begin to think that we should find much In common, unless it - may he our taste for wine. Yon will permit tlic question? Are you mar ried?" '. -Ii.iassuredi.vlilm that . I . was not. Be nodded, ns If this were satisfactory news. "Nor' am I," lie nnswered. "But very pro bably Tor another reason. I cannot expect you to take part In my philosophy. But I am reminded that you have seen nothing of a house which Is one of some historical Interest, ' nnd ' wlilch I should esteem my self /..happy , to show you.. Is It necessary that you should return to the 'Swan' this evenlug?" , The Invitation In the query took me aback,' for, eccentric' as my hBst undoubted ly, was, I hnd not anticipated this proffer of hospitality. Yet there was certainly no pressing reason for my return, and here nt least' I should htivo more eongenjnl com pany thun ln .n mlscellohcous taproom... ;, I replied something to. the effect', of TtWih' tlioiieiif. vv- ' - "'-1 .'"ft : "pood,", snlif "-lie, - brighten iugvai Tittle." ."You are 'kind to cheer' h 'solitary man. 'I can even promise you n bottle of 1 cham- pague,, _ If, you nro., young enough. If you will allow mo, I wilt cull ray housekeeper."- He rose and went to the bell, but,' pausing with ,-hls hand upon the rope, looked at me grave)'. \- "I "should./ be doing you wrong, Mr. Greatorex," he said, "If I were not . to let you know that by consenting to be my gtiest to-night you are conferring upon me a great favor. You place mc under a particular -.obligation."- I told him, laughing, that the obligation was mine. "No," said he, "I fear that my, mcuulug Is not plulu. Let mc sny this: I have a particular reason for wishing your companionship to-night." I bowed politely, and offered some conventional reply, though his deep air of ' mystery puzzled mc. "You tire a strong man, Mr. Greatorex," he con tinued, surveying me seriously. "I must tell you that I have no oue sleeping In the house save my housekeeper tttid a maid. The man you saw lias a family and sleeps In a cottage by Llanvellan." He paused. won unfortunate enough to lose my valet a month ttgo, and so fur have been unable to fill bis nliieo/ I begun to understand. He was In some fear of Ids lonely condition; possibly be dreaded nn attack by Ids late assailant. Sud denly, too, there ran Into my memory the scene III the tup room on the previous night, the miller and his long pipe, and his story. There wns that lame tale, that should have been exciting, about a burglary. And here I wns lh Ivor Castle. "If you are thinking of that scoundrel—" I begun. "Surely the police " lie Interrupted me with n smile. "The police, Air. Greatorex, are sobte miles from Ivor Castle. But. pray do not misunderstand me. 1 sliaU be infinitely obliged by your company; It's long since I. hnd an Intelligent conversation. But 1 would hot iletnln you if you hnd any scruples nbout staying." I laughed. "Not me," said I. "I will stay, ittid gladly." And In truth I meant It, for. the del venture Interested mo not n. little. Was it- burglars?". : ' "That Is settled, 'then." he sqld. -as- he- Irang the hell. "1 'thank' you." It wns In the dtulngrooin tlmt wc spent the evening. This wits a long, low roofed chamber, occupying tho ground floor, atid 1 opening with windows upon Ihe cobble court- : yard on the one side, and the meadows of lilic park on tlic other. These windows, dat ing from an nni'Iont time, were set In small ' panes after a fine nml delicate design, and abutted BUgbtlr with embrasures upon the empty moat. It was a great chamber to contain but two people, but somehow the dark oak of the walls and the general air of the upholstering prohibited the thought of discomfort. These walls were not vacant In this space, but tenanted. If one considers duly, by a concourse of illustrious faces and high stepping gbost3. Upon this point, as It happened, I was not long left In curiosity, for Mr. Kesteven was in the mood to con fide the history of the castle to me. He wa3 a qneer creature, partaking, as it seemed to me, the most diverse and Incongruous emo tions. Constantly he would set me wonder ing upon his statements, striving to produce some order in their apparent confusion. One moment quite a sounding pride rang in his pompous enunciation of the titles of some early noble; while tlio next I was driven to suppose by very clear signs that be dis played nothing bnt a pitiful contempt to wards the whole prejudice of race and family. I daresay that there was some bond of reconciliation between such seeming in consistencies; but certainly I "could perceive none. The man, in fact, struck me as wear ing a mask, and that a mask of such severity and firmness as to offer very few secrets to his observers. And even at bis moments of most spaclons frankness I was never able to determine the degree of its genuineness. He fetched me ont some wines, offering me a generous choice, but himself drinking but sparingly. "No, thank you, I have never smoked," said he, In reply to my offer of a cigar. "I am a man of very few wants. And though I am by way of being a hermit, as you would aay, I am hardly even a student. Certainly I am not religious; but I suppose I make up with plillosophy — the philosophy of a mind which has seen most things, and eudnrcd many, and measures all — and that at least has learnt the worst, and has surrendered its supposititious claims upon the best. Will you not smoke yourself, Mr. Greatorex — And pray try that port; I understood It to be of a particular year." He insisted gently upon helping me from the decanter, and then dropped softly into his chair. "I coueeive that it is jnst these arrogant pretensions which distinguish between youth and age. .V,"ith hot blood, and before the Impulse of emotions, we are Impudent claimants to a dozen El Doradoes. A man graduates In sense only, upon that day when he has resolved that he has no right to any of them, and in any case will certainly not attain one of them. It is often a desperate encounter ore these counsels of despair prevail, or rather I should call them counsels of wisdom; for after yia decay of youth, despair la hut an other style for wisdom. It Is resignation, toleration, even contempt. If you will," and he smiled upon me pleasantly, as if depreca ting any criticism upon Ills exalted opiuions. Suddenly he rose, and going to a window threw it open and leaned forth. 1 Lea ril somewhere in the darkened recesses of the old house a clock striking the hour of 1. Mr. Kesteven, Ida bald head thrust Into the bright moonlight, seemed to listen atten tively. The night hung silent about the open spaces of the park; and the moonbeams gllsteucil upon the huge oaks down the drive. The air Unwed In a av.-eet stream through the open window. He closed the casement and turned to me. "I fear, Mr. Greatorex," bo said, with a smile, "that I have fetched you here under false pretences. liut at least you have saved nn old man from his own rompany, which is after ail somewhat dull fellowship." \- "No." said I, echoing his smile, "I have been myself preserved from the hard clialrs of a very crowded taproom and the quon dam attacks of half drnukeu farmers." "Come, come," said lie genially, "you must not give our ' Swan' a villainous repu tation." "Oh, It was not I," 1 answered lightly, "hut a young gentleman of the Gwent." Mr. Kesteven ceased to smile. "May one ask his name';" he said. "Montgomery, I believe: hut I understand that we arc sworn friends now, so tlint no . barm is done." "Montgomery!" lie repeated slowly. "Yes, I have heard the mime — a very young and . thoughtless man," they Buy, aud he regarded me with a certain relleetivcness. But it wus not of Montgomery I thought when I wont to bed, hut of the window and the silence of the night, with the moonlight pouring on Kesteven's head. Why had he thrown opeu the casement and discharged me, so to say, of my obligation as police man V For that was how I interpreted his mlml. But I had failed to ask a question of liiiu, partly from souie natural delicacy and respect for ills own severe silence, bnt more, as I believe, because I was fairly en gaged by the atmosphere of mystery sur rounding Mr. Kesteven ami the castle. CHAP'J'EI! Ill — WIIAT HAPPENED IN TUB CASTLE. Before breakfast I had. the opportunity to mnke a narrower inspection of the castle, as it appeared from without. The inornlug was fine, the air delicate ami stimulating, and the suulight struck' the woods and val leys with a golden glory. Smoking a ciga rette I strolled round the edifice, surveying with admiring eyes the details of the design. The entrance by the porlleullls lay between two solid drum towers, very formidable to look at. The battlements, which were ex ceedingly plain aud were by no means per fect, the embrasures being worn Into great chasms at Intcrvuls, stood two stories high from the bast" of the earth, and three, If the bottom of the moat he counted. Upon the one side of the irregular square, which the buildings made, the stonework, as I have sniil, had fallen Into disrepair, niul Indeed no rooms were habitable here, though the appearance of the wails from the window without by no means suggested u rain. The detritions of centuries, however, had beeu unheeded on this side, and the stones were heaped In a solid accumulation, and were grown with musses of huge hush Ivy. It was, so to speak, but a bill of rocks upon the nor thern face of the castle. It was at the junc tion of the uorthcru and eastern walls that the keep stood, Itself raised some 20 feet above the level of Hie battlements, and the termination of the liubituble portion of the fortress. The moat, which was some 5 feet deep, was grown deep with grass, and the sides trailed witii raspberry and furze and woodland wild creepers. Completing my cir cuit of Hie ciistlo .1 struck upon a. stream, which run la a full body through the park, aud reaching Hie verge of the woodland, leaped suddenly into a torrent and scuttered In a waterfall down the steep face of the hill. While I wits wandering upon the mar gin, watching the swirl of the tiny eddies with lazy satisfaction, I encountered my host, who greeted me courteously. "You were admiring my little brook? Yes, it is pretty, but prettier lu the copes below, where I think you must have observed it yesterday. Here It runs very gravely; be low it is a merry vagabond. You see it has uses here." "You draw your water here?" I asked, fascinated with the primitive Idea. "Not usually," be replied. "But there U a well within the castle, doubtless from the same stream. Yet the brcok rendered a more important service In my predecessor's time." I looked at him inquiringly. He smiled. "Let us see." he resumed, "If I can give you ocular proof. It should be here." He stopped and felt with his stick among the pebbles of the stream. "Ah, here It is; I think I have 11." He looked towards the eastle, the eastern battlements of which gleamed with the rising suit. They rose some 40 yards away. "There Is a connec tion with the moat by means of a culvert," explained Mr. Kesteven. I uttered an ex clamation of delight, nnd avowed that I must explore further. AssenUng graciously, he made way towards the house, aud letting himself gently down the sloping bank, walk ed peering along the bottom of the moat. "You will find It overgrown, no dubt," he said. "But your eyes are better than mine. It is years since I looked for It." I searched amid the trailing creepers and presently discovered the mouth of the con duit. It was of thick mortar and stone, and from its appearance must haTe been of very ancient construction. But the opening was closed with earth and grass, and probably bad been for centuries. I said as much to Mr. Kesteven. "No," he returned, "I think not. I believe my uncle, who was In the possession of the place before me lmd It opened some fifty years ago and Hooded the moat for his own amusement. I understand the experiment was quite successful and entertained a party of guests, one of whom" he added dryly, "fell Into the moat and was rescued with difficulty. But you shall make better ac quaintance with our neighborhood after breakfast. I assure you, Mr. Greatorex, it Is worth your study, and this castle of mine is by no means singular." I was quite at his disposal for a stroll later iu the morning, nnd upon that occa sion got my first knowledge of the topo graphy of the Gwent, a knowledge which, as you shall hear, I was glad enough to profit by at a later period. Aud here I may set forth In a few words the character of that country, which was destined to he so strangely connected with my fortnues; the castle stood npon a little eminence towards the higher parts of the hill, and looked down upon a long, broad valley as upon its special domain. This valley, which was some 3 utiles long, and little more than a mile across, was enclosed by undnlatlug hills, mid enveloped in a dense growth of forest. Two roads ran from the eastle towards the lower end of the valley, one upon either side. On one of them, not that hv which I hud mounted on the previous aftcruoon, -we had gone about a mile, or rather less, when we came upon the first signs of life. The country wus hut sparsely peopled, but hero at any rate was some remote and faithful settler. The inn— for such It was — bore the name of the "Woodmnn," and was, I con ceived, of the sixteenth century ut least. It was small, but the outbuildings attaching to It rambled nway into the forest behind. The sign swung lustily on a green patch of grass before the door. As we drew near a man lounging in front of the inn suddenly drew a pipe from his mouth aud brushed his hut. "Good morning, Hood," said my com panion, quietly, pausing aud leaulug upon his stick. "These are very pleasant days for us all," "They are, sir," responded the man. He' was a man of middle height, with a great j appearance of activity In his sinewy body; and his thin, dark face bore an habitual ex- j presslon of combined civility and alertness. | It was us if Ids air apologised for not al ready interpreting your uutittercd wishes. I understood the reason (he next moment, fori Kesteven, turning to me, nodded quietly to wards the man. "You have heard me spenk- ing of Hood," said he, with a faint smile. "Ho was the valet I spoke of whom I lost a mouth back— a month, Isn't It, Hood?" "Yes, sir; just a month— four weeks nud three days, that Is," replied the man, re spectfully. "Ah, Indeed: it's wonderful how long time tarries," cried my host, cheerfully. "Busi ness good. Hood? I hope you are not losing by the experiment. I suppose," he snld, turning to ine again, "that it is a trying position to be in a subordinate station; everyone likes his Independence." I assented conventionally, and Hood waited very quietly until I had made m,v answer before he started upon his own reply to his former master's question. "I can't complain, sir," he said. "There's not much traffic In the Gwent, sir, but I do a certain business." , ' "Ah, I should have thought it a wiser policy to have gone nearer civilisation, I-Iood. Why not have taken a place at Llnu- vellau?" A faint but respectful smile hovered on the man's face. "I don't hold so much with Llaiivollan, sir. This Is a tidy house, aud business will Improve, I hope." "Well, well, let us hope so," was Mr. Kesteven's answer, as his eyes turned to- words the inn. "A pretty place, Is it not, Mr. Greatorex?" And theu, with u glance of scrutiny at the landlord, "You have had an accident, Hood?" "aos, sir," was the answer; "a slight acel- dent, not of any cou6eqiience. I fell against the bar yesterday," and he put a finger apologetically to ms clean shaven lip, which I now perceived to he somewhat swollen. "A uasly fall, a nasty fall," snld Mr. Kes teven, shaking his head. "It Is lucky it was no worse." Ho moved away with n cour teous nod of his licad, to which the inn keeper responded with u salute. As he did so lie turned, nud, taking iny arm, smiled Intel: at Hood. "You see, the Gwent has Its visitors sometimes, Hood. Mr. Great orex is staying with me, so perhaps we may turn the 'Woodman' iu time Into u fasli- lonuhle resort of society." He laughed ns if at bis own small Jest, In which the innkeeper joined, and pressing my arm walked on. Ho seemed n very kindly master, I thought; uud 1 had no doubt hut that Hood had been nn excellent servant. 1 reiunrkcd as much, to which he assented cordially. "I have never come upon a man who fell Into 'my ways better, nnd knew his work more efficiently,' lie said. "An admirable servant— altogether admirable. I have greatly regretted the cause of my losing him." Our walk had exhilarated me, and, what is more, lmd given me a huge appetite; the result was that I ate heartily at lunch, which was delicately served by the agree able old housekeeper. Mr. Kesteven also seemed to rally ills appetite (for he had eaten hut little the previous evening), nnd drank a good deal of brown sherry. In which he jestingly invited me to join him, but I was for claret, which I found much more to my palate. Whether It was the Eherry or not, my host's tongue plied very continu ously during the meal, but always In the most possessed and civil manner. He spoke of his house, of his ancient descent (which was as ancient as the cnstle), and finally of himself. The Kestevens had been people of note In other centuries, had hoarded gains, had fulfilled the pomp even of courts, had flattered; briefly, had figured Iu various characters on the stage of history. But now they had dwindled to this old man. The race had lost its physical vigor; from con testing toumarueu, fighting battles and intriguing In courts It had come to philo sophising on lite between four walls. These were In the main his own words — he char acterised himself a3 degenerate, but with a sly smile, ns if he invited me to contest his argument, and was willing to Intlgh at me If I should do so. And then, falling silent for a time, he Inspected his finger nails, and suddenly, aud after a space, rose and push ed hack his chair. "I beg your pardon, Mr. Greatorex," he said, with a gesture of apology, and reseat ing himself. "I had not noticed you had not finished. Pray forgive my discourtesy." Of course I put myself at his disposal, for in truth I bad eaten and drunk quite enough. But, seeming not to hear me, he looked up the hall, and at last, raising his eyes to mine, playing gently, but scarcely lu a nervous fashion, with the forks before him, he said very quietly, "I have had the honor of your acquaintance for some 20 hours, Mr. Greatorex; It Is little two men may know of each other In so brief a time; hat I am wont to take quick cognisance of people and content to risk a mistake. I have always found that It is, after nil, upon Im pulses that we must be satisfied to contrive our lives. At least there Is no further cor- tnluty In deliberation which Is long In par- turiUon und may bring nothing effectual to birth. You have, if you will forgive ine saying so, an admirable habit of silence." He paused, and, as If to justify his sentence, I held my tougne. "A recluse like myself — that It Is bow you would style me," he resumed, "must have some occupa tion for his thoughts. I have explained I am no student. It follows that I have some other hobby, shall we say." A ghost of a stniie flitted across his face, aud then his head turned sharply towards a window which overlooked the courtyard. There was the sound of footsteps npon the rough cob bles. "I nm about to disclose to you, Mr. Greatorex, the secret of my seclusion." I rose with him, strangely Influenced by ills solemn tone. Was It really solemn, or was it the mere wliim of old age'.lhe pom pous revelaUon of senile eccentricity? I followed iiim down a stone passage to the western wing of the castle, rifty paees brought us to the entrance of the keep, but a dozen yards from this Mr. Kesteven paused, and turning the key in a heavy oaken door entered Into a room of consider able size, which, ns you will see, looked forth upon the hush path by the park from the second floor. Like all the chambers in this anelent building. It was panelled with oak. The room was devoid of furniture save for nn aged chair or two, and was wholly destitute of carpet, so that our feet rang loudly upon the stone floor. It seemed to me at the moment, and with the odd pre paration for that missiou, that I was. so to spenk, upon n voyage of "mysterious discov ery.'- Mr. Kesteven placed, a chair against 'the;' wall," and- stepping uppn It with dlffi- \culfy. raised Mils hand till it touched tile topmost panel uour the window. Then fol- lowed, a slight ereak,.'.'hnd the panel slhl back, ,'dlsciQsl'iig ;a 'dark' and vacant space. In which T could illmly discern the sugges tion of shelves. My host had dropped his liujs.-rs into the recess of this cupboard, ' wbeii a faint noise caught his oars, and lie turned ahruptty. I had followed him into the room, and the door stood open. But I turned now with him and followed the di rection of bis gaze. The man Hood stood forward in the doorway, with ail apologetic air. Mr. Kesteven's hand dropped sharp!-, aud with a certain brusqueuess he de manded, "What do yon want?" The ex-vnlet replied, "I beg your pardon, sir, I am sure: hut I called to know If you would be needing that gun you spoke of the other day. Mrs. Main didn't know, and I thought that maybe it would save time If 1 was to ask you yourself." He was a perfect model of civil deport ment, displaying no sign of nervousness, hut ouly the rigid good maimers of (lie trained servant. Mr. Kesteven stepped down front the chair, and leisurely dusted Ids coat sleeves. Then he looked up, and the setting sun struck full upon his face, which 1 could not hut observe was more cloudless than usual. "No tliiuik you, Hood," he said sharply, "I have changed my uilnil. It was good of you, hut I shall need It." The two men eyed eaeli other for an instant, and then the servant's fell with studied politeness. "Thank you, sir, I ain sorry to have troubled you," he snld, anil turned about in the threshold. But Mr. Kesteven stopped him. "As you are here. Hood," lie said, breathing hard, ns if from his exertions, "I should be obliged if you would kindly close Hint panel. I nm not so young ns I was, naturally, Mr. Greatorex," he explained, turning to ... ine with n faint smile. There was a perceptible pause for. so ready 11 servant, I thought, ere Hood moved from his place liy the door to obey the order. 1 thought, -.Also, Hint I noticed; a sudden Hash of amazement pass. Iu. his eyes; but when lie went from the door he ;,wns merely deferential, and I imagined that. .1 had been mistaken. "And now, my friend," said Mr. Kesteveu, airily putting Ids nrni through mine when tfie panel had been closed, "we will get into the open nir. We cannot avail ourselves too inueli or loo of I en of the air on such days, eh Hood?" "No, sir." snld nood, with a promptness of a machluc, and with no more inflection than a good servant should linve. "All! I feel It myself, Mr. Greatorex," said the old man, leaning somewlint heavily upon my arm ns we Issued from the chamber. Hood closed and locked the door lifter us: "and the key, sir," he said respectfully, holding it out. "Oil, the key will do where it Is." re- piled Mr. Kesteven. without turning round. "Leave it iu the luck, Hood." As we traced our steps nloug the corridor, which echoed dully to our tread, he conversed upon other tilings, hut made no reference whatever to the matter upon wlileli we hud been engaged when we were interrupted. At Hie lurii of the wings he took ills arm from mine. "If you will excuse me for a few minutes, Mr. Greatorex," he said, "I will Join you lu the dlulngi'oom." He wnlked backwards for a few yards to wards the room which I had learned was his bedroom, and as he did so the lean figure of the deferential landlord moved forward out of the gloom as If to meet him. I myself went down into the courtyard, and then found my way Into the large open dining- room. When lie entered some few minutes later I was astounded at the change in his face. Naturally pale, it now had a peculiar ghastly pallor which gave him almost the appear ance of a skull. The flesh was drawn down upon the frame of the face, as it were, and the eyes looked forth from their tenement, bright and eager. There was even a dancing gleam of excite ment in those strange orbs; and in some de gree his intense emotion was imparted to his tones, for, laying a finger on my arm, he spoke qnite sharply. "Mr. Greatorex," said he, "yon can do me a particular favor If you will.". I listened, mnrmoring my willingness. "Can yon drire me to Itnymond at once? I will have the horse put la the dog cart." "Most certainly," I answered, staring, and at a loss for more words. "I owe you many thanks," he said, and stepping- with that noiseless, tottering gait of his, be disappeared into the courtyard. It was not fifteen minutes ere we were upon the road. I drove the mare at a rapid pace, being anxlons at my companion's restlessness; and for a time he spoke no words, save to direct me at the cross roads, but lay back In the seat with his arms folded, his bat npon his eye.s and his eyes fixed upon the Immediate surroundings. But after a while he uttered a little sigh, as of one whose dellberatlous had relieved him, and turned bis mild eye upon me. "You drive well, my friend," he said. "From all appearances you have a hard nerve. It is well. It is the one thing I have a mind to, and I might have suc ceeded, had not my antecedents weakened the blood." I told him that so far as I could see he had no reason to complain of his nerves. "You think so: then It seems that you are not only a silent hut an observing person," he said, mildly. "But you are wrong; you are wrong. Nevertheless, I am glad to find you so observant. My dear sir, there is noth ing so Important ns observation. Education and breeding and birth— these you may buy or feign, hut observation Is the measure of a man's character." With that he sank Into silence once more, and so far as I can recall we did not exchange one sentence till our ar rival at Raymond. IVc drew up in the main street. In front of a large and formless building, npon the door of which was emblazoned the name of a soli citor and public notary. And here, begging me to await him, the old geutleman alighted and entered the room. It was not very long afterwards that he reappeared with n plea sant little lawyer smiling behind him, aud I noticed that he himself seemed very well pleased. He talked as If a load was off his mind. But to say the truth, I felt that it was time I had some explanation. It wus not that I grudged the old fellow my com panionship. such ns it was; -and It certaiuly was not that I was tired of the experience; quite the contrary. I was tantalised by the strange tastes of adventure. My nose took up the scent of a mysteny as a hound sniffs the air, and when I spoke so abruptly it was ouly with the wish of making htm be lieve that I thought that my conduct had carucd Its wages. "It is well to be armed at all points, my friend," he had remarked, complacently. "I find the complete equipment is a solace against possible cuds." 'Tlmt Is very true," I said, "and I am de lighted if my small services this afternoon have, ns it would seem, been the happy oc casion of suggesting to you this comfortable reflection; and now. If you will excuse mo, Mi'. Kesteven, I will put my thanks iu your bauds for your very agreeable hospitality and " . ' He was 'considerably disconcerted, as I had hoped he would bel "You are not think ing of your' Inn," -he demanded, after u pause In which he recovered. "M.v dear .sir," '1 replied. "1 have been thrust npon you.n complete stranger, for n day uud a night." . His face was 'suffused with amusement. "I don't think we ore strangers to each other, Mr. Greatorex." lie observed, quietly. "I daresay wo uuilerstand each other better limit nppikra. If, : however. It be any relief to your conscience,' I' can toll, you that 1 nm much the better for your company. But," lie added, drily, "I should he the last to hold you If your duty claims you elsewhere.'! IVc looked at eaeli' other for n moment. In which time I noticed a twinkle gleaming In ids eye: and' then, ''simultaneously, 1 think, we burst forth into laughter. ' "Come," I think I understand, Mr. Great orex," said he; "and tiic understanding not ched another score for -you In iuy esteem. 1 adnilt that you; have a right to. something further. I freely confess it. Only I nm an old limn, uud must take my time. Arc wc agreed?" - "My dear sir," sahl I, hastily, "I would hot press you for tlu: world, and I nm no more iuQUisillvd: than any honest man who hopes that he might be of some service to a friend in; trouble." "You tire very good," ho returned, gently. "You enh be silent, nnd you can proffer a qiicstlon nt the right Ume. I think all the better' of you for It. And for wluit you say of friendship — why, I nm sincerely obliged to you, and I think you can render me In valuable nhl:" "I have no greater Avlsh'," I answered, nnd I turned the horse's head forthwith upon the road to Gwent. IV e reached the cnstle In the'twillght, but It was not until after. dinner tlmt Mr. Kes teven reverted to the subject of onr con versation. He was very bright during the meal, anil talked with more wit und phil osophy than I lmd yet seen iu liltii. But when lie hud finished he drew a way from the table, and said more soberly, "1 have lmd Import ant news to-day, Mr. Greatorex; or rather I have gathered from several sides tlmt there is Important news for myself. 1 lmd thought that it would he unnecessary to trouble you In regard to my affairs until to-morrow; hut It will ho iiest to- night. It is not wise to lie unprepared. If you will pardon mo for a short time I will return directly; nud hi the meantime I daresay you can ninuso your self with one of those venerable hooks" — concluding with a giniieo towards the shelves which occupied the alcoves of the dlulug- room. IVhcn he had gone I obeyed him mechanic ally, taking down several of tke musty vol umes, though my mind ut the moment was very far from their contents, ludood, I could make no long prolcnco of interest lu theni, and shortly afterwards pushed opeu the easement und looked out upon the path. The dusk lmd settled on the Gwent at last. The hill was wrapped In the lioly pence of evening. Far down the valley the night was gathering In a mist of darkness, thr! M?" 1 stood forth like pin points In the lira.? 1 and there was as yet no moon tn it,., . ' 31 them from the growing blackness. A hunfl?,,'i I yards away the rambling buildings of 1 farm showed, In an opaque mass against » 8 dying light of the western sky-mi bcIag vye j Suddenly a sound rose on theifillence ln,i„ 1 finite but penetrating. For a iecom i & I my post, with my head hanging from tT 3 window, uncertain of the direction n! 1 I cry. Then I grew aware that it rame'f "!e 1 within the house, and hurriedly withdraw I lng myself I stood up, still, within the r S and listened. Again it rose, somewhat X 1 and ghnstly, echoing from the floor aW. 1 Now the diningroom, as I have explain.' 3 was upon the ground floor, anil Mr v" „' 9 even's room as well as my own, 'and „10 f of the living chambers, were above It In ,i 1 northern wing of the castle. I ran mil, en 8 therefore, through the doorway and l,oundcJ I up through the stone staircase three H at a time. When I reached the corridor I 1 made straight for my host's room wlibn,,. 1 any particular reason, but under the r.,,11 1 ance of some impulse. The door stood i 9 and I flung It open. A single lamp streamed I faintly upon the room and its content, n S lnmlng with a sliver radiance the old mm-. 3 body stretched upon the carpet. J I knelt swiftly and raised his head loosing his coat and waistcoat; hut i did so a movement brought the face into the glow of the lamp, and I saw It was struct with a deadly pallor. I lifted him nnnn the bed and rang a peal of bells for the house, keeper. While she was coming (which was not a matter of more than a minute) mv glance ran round the bedroom. Could it be possible that this was foul plav? I could see no signs of violence upon the bodv; for that It was hut a poor corpse I had uo doubt since the horrible stare of the face hud been revealed to me. The window stood oneii hut there was nothing significant lu that' I glanced out, but If anyone had escaped that way the falling night lind long since swallowed him up. When I turned again to the body I noticed that one of the Lands clutched a paper. This I gently withdrew and as I did so the housekeeper knocked at the door and called upon her master. "Come in," I said, in a low tone. "Your master is very ill. Where is the nearest doctor?" "At Llanvelian, sir," said she, tremb ling. "Send the man post haste," I ordered. "Let him gallop all the way." "Is he — " she asked, and stared at nie fearfully, stopping on that fatal word. "Yes, I fear so," I nnswored. The housekeeper whimpered. (To be Continued.) 