IGNESFATBI- be a banker- No. 6S, Amongst the natural phenomena . which, so far, has uot been satiafactMily explainwt bv scientists, and even at thSs day qt aa- vafaced knowledge remains an tinsolveti mystery, is the strange lam Dene name wwcu hovers over churchyards, marshes and on-, drained swamps, -sdentificolly known as icnis fatuus, and popularly termed Will o the Wisp, Jack o' -Lanthorn, aud other fanciful names. ,, , This strange fire, if 'that can be called a fire white docs not bum— varies very mute in appearance. Sometimes it presents 'the aspect of a hall of fire dancing and rolling about over" the marsh in playful glee, now and again, perhaps, when striking against a shrub or other obstruction, scattering- » shower of smaller balls, which in their torn wonld dance and play abont, not necessarily, however, in tile wake of the parent ball, which continnre its wayward career, now diining with a fiery red light, now changing into a yellow or amber, then fading into »n undefined greenish tint, to burst out again into a purple blaze, tee erratic illumination at length, perhaps, after gambolling about in quite frolicsome mood, asoending high up in tee oar nntil it is lost to view. . And sometimes the mock flame presentea more" weird and ghostly appearance. Tbe belated wayfarer, who is traversing a low- lying churchyard at tee witching hour of midnight, ' sees, a short -distance from "him, a spectral presence hovering about tee tombs, white his terrified imagination . immediately regards as a disembodied spirit, a veritable ghost. The phantom apparition-, faintly shines with a quivering- sort of lambent, flame, sometimes slowly receding, sometimes advancing, the frightened nerves of the terror-struck wayfarer exaggerating (he lim-witow illnTffjpud jyilmmi into a menacing ghoul escaped from tee place of punish ment, and seeking , in vein for tee mortal remains of its former fletely habitation, and, resenting his intrusion, momentarily intending to seize aud carry liim off to some terrible infernoi With palpitating heart he flees away, stumbling over tombs until nerharw - at lenvth in the darkness he plunges headlong into an open grave, and is discovered tee next morning by the grave- diggers in a pitiable plight, and gradually recovering from the horror of his abject terror. And all this because lie is so utterly simple and witless as to believe that there ore such things as 'ghosts ;' and to imagine that it would be permitted that lost souls should be allowed a respite from the place of punishment in order to frighten aifcw silly girls or intellectually weak men 1 For we may be quite certain that souls in Para dise, even if they had tee power, would not wish to do so, and would prefer tee glories of tiie third heaven to masquerading in a sheet in an obscure village churchyard at dead of night. It is, however, unquestioned that sor cerers from the very earliest ages have had the occult (and Divinely forbidden) power, by means of what is now called hypnotism, of making, even a number of persons con gregated together, believe that they can see objects white have no real existence, and can even in some cases compel persona to believe that they have seen a ghost' Some of tee marvellous tricks of Indian jngglers appear to be produced by this agency, as tee detective -camera, vriiite cannot be hypnotized, incontestably proves teat tee extraordinary events white we believe we have seen with our very eyes did not take place, but were only an hallucination pro duced by the wizard's hypnotic power.- Sometimes, in the gloaming, tee ignis fatuus playing abont at tee edge of a morass is a strikingly attractive spectacle, bat woe be to him who attempts to pnrsucone of tee dancing fairies, for it. will probably -lead him into the morass, info which he may rink deeper and deeper down, tee more he struggles tee quicker his living entomb ment ! And just so is it with the silly youth who, in the pursuit of so-called pleasure, finds himself sinking deeper trad deeper into (he miry morass of sin, whence tbe only possible means of rescue is by laying hold of tee hand of Him who has atoned for those sins. If he refuse or neglect to do this the horrible pit must shut her month upon him for ever ! . 