A Ghostly Visitant. I was a medical student in London, attending the lectures at dear old Bart's, and looking forward to being the possessor of a snug little practice, which, for family reasons, I could almost already call my own. It wanted but a few dayB to Christmas, 1874, and I intended to pass that season with an aunt in Huntingdonshire. On the 22nd £ packed my bag, and in due time arrived at Oakshott, as my relative called her house — regarding which Miss Betsy rrotwood might have inquired, ' Why Oikshott ?' it being named on the Incus a non lucendo principle, ad there was not an oak within a mile of it. The old lady met me in the entrance ball, and gave me an effusive greeting ; so gushing was it that, although we were the best of friends, and 1 could always consider her home mine, I could not help fancying there must be some unusual cause for the delight she evinced. After supper the truth came out. ' Phil, dear,' she said, ' I'm more than glad to see you this time. You know you are always welcome ; but what you don't know ii that either mv intellect is failing or that there is a — a ghost ia the house ! Yes ; don't stop me, or I shall break down ; I know I shall- It is very, very stupid ; but I can't help it. And oh ! Phil, Phil, my dear, dear bay ? ' and she burst into a flood of tears. I made some commonplace remarks to pacify her, wondering all the while what tbe deuce it could be and whether it was really a case of ' a bee in a bonnet.' By-and-bye her historical fit subsided, aud my aunt was able to give me a rational account of her troable. It teemed that for some nights past, after the had gone to sleep, she had been awakened by something lugging at the bed clothes. On one occasion tbe eider down quilt aud the covering next to it, had beeu actually pulled ofl , and had falleu on the floor. Naturally Miss Rachael — that was her name —was verv much frightened, but, nevertheless, each time she got up, lit her caudle, and made a thorough search of the room, discovering nothiug, how ever, to explain the mystery. Her door was fast locked and bolted on the ins de, the shutters were securely closed, and there was not a crevice in the apart ment tiiat she had not carefully explored to see if a living bird or animal had been concealed there, but all iu vain. I should say that my aunt, though wealthy, had only a small establishment, consisting of two elderly female servmts, and these I well kuew could be entirely depended upon. They slept on the first floor, at the back of the house, overlooking the garden, and the servants' quarters were on the story above. Tbe front of the house, completely furnished, should need arise, was almost always unoccupied, and, owing to the peculiar construction of the building, the only other room at the back on the same level as my aunt's was the plate closet, where some hundreds of ouaces of silver, most of it antique aud of great value, were stored. I had often endeavoured to persuade her to deposit this at her banker's, but she always objected to do so, alleging that it was one of her chief pleasures to look after the various articles herself, and to see that not a speck was allowed to tarnish their elegance. After Miss Rachael had told me her story, I fancied I could sea clearly that no supernatural agency had been at work, and yet I was puzzled to account for the fact that her chamber had cer tainly not been entered, and that oo living being had been ' lying low' in it. The elucidation of the difficulty was, I felt convinced, to be found m con nect ion with the plate closet, and I begged my aunt to allow me to pasa the night in that retreat. After some hesitation she consented, and when bed time came I made myelf as comfoi table theie as I could with the assistance of a sofa, chair, plenty of eggs, aud a modicum of — well, not water alone. My only stipulation was that my aunt's door should be left uafastened. JL must have dozed, off and oo, for a couple of hours, when I was aroused by a piercing scream ; and ' Phil ! Phil ! ' iu an agonising tone sounded in my ears. I rushed out of the plate room, crossed the narrow passage which separated it from the bedchamber, and iu a moment was in the latter. As I entered something became entangled in my legs, and I nearly fell. But in that seeond, I heard a slight scuffle outside the window, anl dashing open the shutters I caught sight of a man making tracks for the end of the garden. I had my revolver in my hand, and fired, bringing down the quirry. The shot attracted the attenlion of the village policeman, who happened to be close at haud, aud between us the wounded man, who proved to be a ne'er-do-well of the locality, was safely housed. I then had time to devote attention to Miss Rachael, who, it may easily be believed, was not a little alarmed. But her satisfaction in flu ding that she had neither beeu the victim of a mental malady nor of a ghostly visitant, tended greatly to quiet her nerves, and she was completely reassured when we discovered how the trick bad been worked. That which bad caused me to stumble just inside my aunt's door turned out to be a fine, but very rigid, steel wire, one end having been spit in three, and each point bent down and sharpened, so that an exact resemblance of a bird's claw was produced. The window and shutter being not only old-fashioned but old had left sufficient space at the corner next to tbe hinge to allow this instrument to be in serted and pushed forward until the forked end rested on the bedclothes. A little manipulation enabled the man outside, who stood ou a short ladder, to pull off the coverlet by means of the claw, and then quickly to disengage and withdraw tbe wire. Of course, directly he heard the sound of matches being struck inside, preparatory to the lighting of the caudle, he vanished, on'y to returu and repeat the operation on the following night. This was the substance of the confession made by our prisoner, who alleged that it was his design, by these means, so to work upon my aunt's feais that — as I verily believe she would have duue, had not I fortunately succeeded in unravelling the mystery — she would have changed her sleeping apartment to the front of the house, when he would huve had the opportunity he desired, of gaining free access to the ? back — iucludiug the plate closet. On the following morning when I went to break fast an envelope with a £10 note was in my plate. — ' St. Andrew's Magaziue.' 