Wayside Jottings. (BY TOMLINSON.) At last there is a prospect of the insanitary conditions of Yackandan- dah being improved. The Land Board at Beechworth on Friday last decided to recommend the site chosen by the Shire Council as a manure depot, so that all remaining to be done is the gazetting thereof. The Shire Secretary. Mr W. Moore, had instructions last meeting to proceed with the arrangements if the Land Board were favorable, and he will lose no time. The night pan system will be brought into force from 1st July. If could be managed earlier, but it is desirable that it commence with the beginning of a quarter, as payments have to be made quarterly in advance. The first thing householders will have to do is to make their premises suitable for carrying out the double-pan system. The Shire Council having decided to remedy the defects in the drain leading from the cess-pool near Martin's to the creek, might at the same time considerably improve the road across Commissioners Creek. The removal of a portion of the bank at the junction of the two streets would give better approaches, and the earth taken therefrom could be used for filling up a hollow on the eastern side of the bridge approaches. There is a great deal of traffic across Commissioners Creek as it is a handy watering-place for horses that have conveyed loads to the railway station. The only drawback is the awkward- ness of the southern approaches especially for waggons. A few months ago the Tantanoola tiger occasionally turned up in different parts of the colony, but we have not heard anything of it for a long time. I hear that a monster resembling a tiger was seen in the vicinity of the Pride and Stringer mine a few nights ago by the man- ager. One of the men previously reported having seen a tiger, but his mates would not believe him. There seems now to be no doubt that there is a wild animal of some kind around that locality. About 18 months ago there was a large St. Bernard dog on the mine and it mysteriously dis- appeared. It was given up for dead, but perhaps it has been roaming the bush and developed savage pro- pensities. There are still a few un- believers as to the fact of a tiger having been in the vicinity, and aver that the hideous noises were the outcome of the Rowdy Flat whistle. The Tantanoola tiger is not so bad as the "ghost" that is frightening people at Avoca. The bogey is a body of light and it disappears after travelling rapidly along the earth. It is said that women have fainted at the sight of the apparition, and even horses have been terrified. The residents think it is a phosphorescent gas escaping from the earth. There is a patent steam whistle at the new sluicing plant at Rowdy Flat, and the fact is just beginning to dawn upon the residents of Yack- andandah, and indeed all round the district, that it is a "whistle." A week or two ago some of the residents around the Big Ben hills were very much alarmed, as the unearthly noises heard caused them to think that blackfellows in the ranges were holding a murderous corroboree. At Yackandandah the other Saturday night a crowd assembled and at first thought an unfortunate dog had been tied up near the mouth of the steam pipe, and eventually came to the conclusion that there was a crack in the boiler. It was only when they were told it was a patent steam whistle that they dispersed, and then they did so doubtfully. I believe one of the men got an awful fright the first time that whistle blew. He was engaged in the engine house, when the whistle yelled forth its unearthly cries. He scrambled over the shafts and other obstacles and was outside like lightning. How he got out he cannot say to this day, but he thinks be must have got through an opening between two sheets of galvanised iron. A whistle is required on a mining plant for calling the different shifts, and this "patent whistle" should be highly effectual in waking the men for the midnight shift. Words would fail to describe this whistle. Imagine the howl of forty dingoes, twenty tomcats, a free fight amongst forty drunken men, and have a steam ejector accompanying the music and a faint idea will be ob- tained. It appears that this patent whistle has a revolving ball inside, and when it gets properly going these hideous noises will cease. At present the steam pipe is too small, and Mr Whistle accordingly howls for want of a good mouthful of steam. I heard a very good story the other day, and it is supposed to have taken place during the last American war, at any rate the stirring account originally came from an old Yankee veteran. There was a charge of cavalry from the enemy, and the veteran was one of the infantry that had to confront them. He had an exciting struggle with a cavalry man and eventually ran him through with the bayonet bringing him off his horse. As the veteran stooped over his fallen enemy the latter, game to the last, raised his sword to deal a death blow. The blade of the sword cut off the soldier's nose and falling across his boot severed the big toe. Quickly he picked up the severed pieces, and first fixed up his nose, afterwards tying up the toe. The pieces united, but when the bandages were removed it was discovered that the nose had been grafted on the toe and the big toe on the nose. The inconvenience of this arrangement can be imagined when it is mentioned that ever afterwards the old man had to take off his right boot, when- ever he wanted to wipe his nose. The Americans can always "guess and calculate," but only occasionally do they exaggerate. The "Toronto Mail" gives a woful account of the bush fires that took place in Gipps- land during February. To an Australian who knows what the actual state of things were, the account is most amusing. The Canadians must think that the Victorian bush is a dreadful place. The article commences thus:— "Disaster and desolation beyond description have overtaken two colonies of Australia. Passengers arriving by the Aorangi to-day, blooming in straw hats and blazers, tell a startling story of the terrible heat rays which are withering up a continent." Then a description of the scene is given from which I extract the following:—"Water in the wells sunk into the parched earth, streams dried up, and rivers visibly sank as in a falling tide. Hysterical women proclaimed the end of the world. Men, women and children gasped for breath as they prayed to be delivered from a horrible end." The next thing that happened according to this account was the darkness caused by the smoke. "Then relief came. Down from the sky above came a thunder- bolt, then another, and another. Several buildings were wrecked, and as the people cautiously peeped from their houses, the stifling, over- powering smoke fumes were gone, and a blinding sheet of rain was falling from the black vapor that had lifted above them. They rushed into the rain and danced and shouted for joy. Nature had decided not to destroy Melbourne." After the rain, the paper proceeds to relate, typhoid fever set in, no less than 255 cases breaking out, deaths from this cause and heat being numerous. A few actual experiences from the "easy going 'Sydney Mail' " are then related, in which the truth is reported and enlarged upon according to the editor's sweet imagination. It says:—"Heartrending reports of suffering come from all over the colony. Thousands are arriving in the towns, almost naked, and terribly blistered. Hundreds of children were lowered into wells in tubs, and those who escaped drowning were saved from the fire. W. G. Pratt dragged his mother-in-law, aged 80, through three miles of bush and saved her. W. Treadwell, his wife, son, and daughter, got into a dam, and stayed there all night, up to their necks in water. When taken out they were parboiled, as the fires had heated the water to a boiling point. G. Pratt and two men covered themselves with wet sacks. They are alive, but all blind. All who are alive are wander- ing about badly burned and naked. A Methodist camp meeting was over- taken by fire, and the people, mostly women, fled for their lives. Five minutes after the 500 tents were deserted they were in flames. The people ran till they reached a sheep station, where all the women took refuge in a sod dairy, and poured milk on the roof all day long as the fire raged around them. The men went on to town. The women were left behind. When rescued they had clipped their clothes off, dipped them in milk, and spread them on the roof." Can anyone conceive a more dreadful account of bush fires? 