A CONNING PANTHER. d j Captain C. J. Melliss, 9th Begiment Bombay (Infantry, a well known hunter of big game, has aa entertaining paper in the November " fccribner*• on panther shoetiag in Central Iadia. He has a good deal to aay about a panther of diabolical cunning and insatiable appetite. Per one whole year, he says, did I hunt the fiend. Innumerable wen the goata I tied ap as bait for him, and unflagging was the bloodtkirstjness with which he responded by murdering and devouring them. Innumerable were the days I toiled and clambsred under Mazing hot noonday suns ever rooks and boulders, and through the juagle of the hillside, trying to get him; innumerable were the weary hears I ,{passed on moonlight nights, up trees watching ever a goat's murdered remains. All in vain, neither by day nor by night would he come. iHe had taken a most one- sided risw of the Csme. Properly, after devouring one ef my goats, he should iu return have allowed himself to be found ' : Gorged near the Spot the next day, and to be driven toward me by the beaters ; but he had no true sense of sport. While I gasped nnder a a weltering sun, fruitlesslv hunting for him among the nullahs (ravines), or sitting upon a hot boulder ef black rock with the sun broiling my brains beneath my sbikar-tepee, awaited his coining in the beat, he must have been curled ap peacefully napping in some distant shady spot, or licking his chops in nmnBed reflection at the sport he was afford^: ing me. Doubtless, too, he must have watched 1 me as I at amid the swaying branches of the slender bastard teak-tree in Many an all-night sitting by moonlight watching for him, and then departed, emcladiag that it would be wiser to postpone finishingtho remains of the goat until I should have taken aayaelf off. It seemed so, fcta. autoiy asldid notjrit up over thexemains tf tts iaJOt r io itft he KtamW'it tU« sight. | 1 must eenfess, however, he gave me thre^ caaaces at an early stage ef our acqaainttweeJ One afternoon I was watchiag from a tne ovea Hw remaias of a geat ho bad killed the nighft before. It was early in the rains, the day h»<X beea a showery one, aad the sun shene with ball a pleasant «)»mth. There was a stir aad fresl • uesi in the jangle about me. Animal an<£ vegetable life seemad to rejaiee ia the salral lion the blessed runs had brought them. ^J the end ef the fiercemonths ef draught. • Birdaoame and perched ia the branches above me in the very tree where I sat, seeming to take ao notice of the motionless figure beneath them, and brighteaed the jungle for ate with their twittering. The uausukl amouat that the panther had left of the goat showed that he had made but a mild meal for hiM, aad was doubt* less the cause of his arrival so early in the afternoon; er it may 'have bees the heavj •hewers had disturbed him in his asp and thi freshness of the air. iaclined him to stroll, Whatever the cause, ha greatly surprised •« by a very early arrive^ aad ' This is What Happened. It still- wanted an hour or ae to sunset. I kadi £mm beguiling the time by watching the aerrouii antics of the two moagoose (wild brothers on Budyard Kipliag's famous Rikki-Tikki) about the carcase of the goat. Their first entraaoc oa to the scene, en having winded the goat, wai made with the utmost caution. Apsirol poiated little nsses.and twe p»irs of sharp Iitti« eyes first peeped out from behind some hij •tones—slowly -the owners of them emerged, every hair of their quivering little bodies be<. tokeaiag the utmost sense of danger and alartj aess. Growing gradually bolder, they drew neacj the body, ever keeping the ''brightest- loek-oott all atonnd, now aad atiaia sitting up squiml< like, liateaing all they, kaew aad *' speering abeut with the sharpest eyeafcr sight or souai^i of their dangerous neighbours ; tor well they kaew from-whose meal they were about to pilfed —th«ir keea little noses weald |ell them that] At leagth the tsmptatien to feast grows tea itrosg, aad they would dive iaside the goat'4 ibi to snatoh a choice morsel, oaly to pop oub the next instant all nerves aad trapidatiaa, aad t^len some imeginsry alarm weuld send thedi Msattlug into the bush, then back again oacej or c . the bolder spirit first, a»re aorvous watcb4 fulness again yielding to the delight Of anotkari morsel, and so on over aad ever again. I haq alsMst forgotten the panther ia the amused inj teres11 was taking ia the quaint littie creatures or otherwise should have paid mere attention te the excited conversation . . that had beea goiagj . n » mon B SWHe blrds tree aot far off. Thu^ Birds aad Monkeys will oftea Ware the k. jungler >f ef fit. the approach of . a »: tiger—the tv. latter latter especially especially take take every every opportunity opportunity to to ex« ez« res. by W heoti.gth.l^.n^ of their feel, g. «t tho hated presence of eith« of th, thq dread beiqgs of their jungles. I have heard, too, that peculiar bark ef the sambar stag sound again and again ia the night-sir frooj out of the dark jungU« on thtfbank* of the Ner^ budda, as he scads out a warning to his kind afc Murderous « Stripes" is Stalking Near, ut to return to the panther. The moagooeej ad grown more confident aad their nerve* lesd * jumpy," when something caused me to loob| own. There, some eight feet below me, alost at the foot of my tree, stood the pantherj very big fellow, iu all the jungle splendour of is shining yellow caat aad rich blackj osettes. With eyes fixed oa -the moihj oose, he stood perfectly , motionleM] ave for a gentle swaying ef the end f Us ..tail;. Ids right fereaxm advanced aad ead held forward below the line of his badcj he looked the very personification of beautHu^ emorseless strength about to work its cruel ill. The two tiny thieves were just at that moment uch en grossed with the view of the goat's i*f ide,peering about for another tit-bit. Fa«ei»j ted by the beauty of the panther and interested o see what would happen, I coald not spoil he picture by firing. After a moment's pans^ he panther mads a move forward—then ^ ouple of silent bounds. It was the closest thing —only jast in time the mongoose Whisked themselves off like lightning, nd Bed squeaking into the bush. The panthei isappeared rfter them, 'but the next moment is yellow form stepped out from the green tg∈ into the open. Unfortunately his pursuit) j>f the aaongooM had taken him up bill, thus •ringing him oa a level with the low fork of the tree in which I sat. His quick eye eaaghl tight ef me instantly, and he stopped, looking up at me. Flurried by the idea that he would vanish on tho instant, I threw np my rifle and fired without aim. Something yellow flashed into tilebushes in silence. Hitifd ! , I had, indeed, made a mnddle of it la my. desire to study natural history. • The next time we met night was earning oa—« rain was falling, aad I sat drenched ud miser J able up a tree again. Suddenly, eat ef lite darkness he stalked, a dim grey shadow, oat* the scene. My riflerang out—the grey shadow, vanished—missed again ! The third time it wa* fcgain night, but there was a full moon. I ami perched in a tree amid thick juagle high npan the hillside neat the creet, whence I have a wida view of a beautiful moonlit landscape lyia^ beaeath me. Suddenly, without a sound, , ; A silvery Paathar, or-the Ghost ef one, glides softly across the open patch of meea«i fight, where the partly-devoured gnat lay—Ha form silhouetted in vivid whiteness against,the? hlabk shade af the surrounding bush. " Caa'ti miss this .time," I thought,, as I Imlledayi rifle t& hlm. Bnt I did; and let only those who know what it is to aim' by moonlightcaBt thai fint stone. At last his fate overtook him. The yearly loss of value in gold ooins by wear tnd tear whilst in circulation has been found to uaount to £44X1 ia every £1,000,000 sterling. A Woman's Wish. Mrs. Dorcas—Tou do love that cat, don't you? Mis. Cobwig-ger—Yes, Sndeed. • She?a all the world to me. I often vvfab I warn rich; .so that I could buy catuury birds, 'or bar - J 