NOTES AND COMMENTS. The pieb'em has been solved at last. All work is painful iabor, says the political econoin st, and though everyone admits the truth of this it is not everyone with ingenuity enough to avoid it. Menial and laborious work has to be done by someone, and though each tries to put the unpleasant bits on to his neighbor the effect is not always successful. But there is hope for escape by all humans, it is claimed ihat monkeys are simply the un eveloped branch of the gr< at gsnus homo. What better use cou d be ma :e "of the tribe t han by making them take up tbe duties we find obnoxious and laborious. That this is possible is evident from tbe following:— Captain E Moss, of the Transvaal, tells the following story of the monkeys who work for him in the mines. ' I have twenty-four monkeys,' said he, 'employed about my mines. They do the work of seven able-bodied men. In many ms!atces they lend valuable aid where a man is uselesB. They gather up the small pi' ces of quartz that woul i be passed unnoticed by the working men, and pi e ihem up in little heaps that can easily be gathered up in a shovel and thrown into a mill. They work just as they please, sometimes going down into the mints when they have cleared all the debris on the outside. They live and work together wi hout quarrelling any more than men do. They are quite methodical in their habits, and go to work and finish up in the S3me manner as human beings would do under similar circums ances. It is very interesting to watch them at their labor, and sse how carefully they look after ev*.ry detail of the work they attempt. They clean up about the mioes, follow the wheel-barrows and carts u e i in mining, and pick up everything tha": falls off on the way.' * * * • What better could you have than this, ' quite methodical in their habits,' interestiog-, honest and slow, twenty-four to d; the work of seven able-bodied men. Upon our journalistic souls these are the very attributes that would satisfy the wishes of the capitalist who does not care much about the quality of labor so long as it is cheap, plentiful, sober, and withour pockets, Once reduce this item from fiction to fact, and we will have ' Universal Monkey Labor Supply Companies till you can't r.-st. Vide tke evidence in a. csrtaia case jesterday, we may ww fxpeGG Che MlOWiflg colloquy twist husband ivnd -wife :—' SopHia I have accepted an invitation to take tea tonight with ilr Huxtamalta; I couldn't get ou>; of it ' Good hc-a s . ens, Henry, what do you mean by taking this fearful risk; how can you be so foolish as ' o imperil your life, and" your tontine not matured yet.' 'Now, never micd, my dear; this waa matter of business. It will be all right. Call in the man to witness my new. will, a%d don't forget to send wo-d to the po'ice to have thsp ttiol ready. I snail start on my retu-n at 10 o c'o 'k, Hand me my fire brigade h- lmet and buckle on my lifa preserver. I won't take this derrin?er. Go in and get me my navy colt and another handful of cartridges. Ah, now I feel safe. If I am not home at 11, send .for the coroner and make enquiries at the hospital, I have engaged an apartment there, and the undertakers, Good-bye.' * * * * The reading section of the present day community are indebted to U.S. Navy Captain M ah an more than it knows It is not that he has painstakingly collected all the details of famous naval battles, shown the plan of action in an uuderstandable way, and arrayed all the motives, impulses, aid accidents that led up to engagements. But he has shown wherein lies superiority at sea, and put this in such a way t at one can apply the principles to piesent day condkioas, and ju ge wheth r these are tending to advancement or deteri^ra ion. So well does be this, that the re<der reg-ets a th usand times that national naval enqoeite forbids such criticism of present, d y powers. Mahandrawsa vivid picture of thethreegreat naval powers at the beginning of the century, aDd showed that superiority did not cepend entirely up-jn number of ships and weight of metal. He showed that the physique, pat io 1 . ism and discipline of the men and their skill ia gunnery had much to do with it. This is the sjrt of fact that we w-.nt nowaday. The politicians and Press writers who handle the subject seem to think it is merely a question o£ tonnage and guns. Now is the deposition of the human machine so complete already, and are our Ehij.s such mere pieces of mechanism, that the quality i;f the seamen on board them would make no difference in action against an enemy ? * * # As a matter of recording an opinion we fancy that it would, and cite two notable instances, the magnificent assault made at Alexandria by Charley Beresford with the Condor, and the intrepid assault of the Japanese fleet in the most important engagement during the late war, when the Chinese, with the better ships and the better p si ions were signally defe'tei. If there ia any advantage in the personnel of crews it should be some tolace to Britishers to know that, even if other nations do laurch as many Hne-of-battleships. the quality of the men abiard th-'-m still gives the isolated * na'ion the # thirteenth * trump, When ihe South American citizen gets tired roosting around in the sun, and his feet begin to swell, he starts a revolution, and unseats the President. When the Colonial Minister ge e things into a hopeless muddle anci scores a trans-endant failure he appoints himself Agent- General, or. if he be a lawyer, <"hie£ Jus'ice. Our next Ag nt-Gi-neral is to be Muddler of the Mic s Department Wittcno m. Sir Samuel Waikc Griffiths' jiar was just about UD when he raisei himself to the Bench and raised the screw. Sir Graham Berry WIB done like a dinner when he went Londo i- wavds, and consequently it has ihe worst possible aspect when the report c imes that rough-cut Dick N ddon is to suffer political effaceme-'t by assuming tbe Agent-General - ship of the maritime crilony. Surely this cannot be true. If it is it must. m<>an <bafc a revelation will show a state <\--f disorder so bad that Domineering Dick is not game to bluff it through. We hold to the more charitable opini »n that the newsmonger has overstepped'he mark, and thai the elect of Knmara will stay Ions in his place to vex the soul of Captain Russell and the ghost of Sir Alfred Whitt ker. * * * * The deputation which :"B to me- fc Mr Wittenoom on Fri iay are go'ng to ask for a special session. Why shouldn't iheygetii ? They could not hinge a refusal on Sir J hn Forrest's convenient absence, because nothing that would be ! rovsght up -ould ne mo e important than the 103rd regulation alr- ady mutilated Acd, besides, from what, hastranspired, it appears that. Sir John's opinion is ae easily got by wire as if he were sitting in t ;e Housn. Of course the question woul i arise as io whether a vote cou'd be cast by an absent Minister, but as the W.A. Parliament has a custom of overriding all matters <\--f precedent, ti is would not trouble the Ministry Ion?. As a ma t>r of fact a spec al session would b» exce-'-dinelv opportune. N ne of the members live far away from Perth, and beside-, the matter of the 103rd regulation there is the Mining Commissioner's report to receive, anl the Commission itself to disband and so eave the payment of many unearned fees, 