THE FRUIT 0F JEMS! ? , i CHAPTER XXXV. A TRYST. After writing invitations to half a dozen people, including one to Felix Lancoe, in which she told him slie would reply to his proposal on Christmas night, Madge sat back and covered her eyes with her hand. What should she say to .Ivan ? She must see him that night ; he must by no chance be allowed to leave Maryfield before — and yet alio could not confide her plans to him. At length she wrote the following words : Dear Ivan: You will be surprised to receive this note from me, and, though you will not understand why I write it now, do not fail, if you have a touch of the old love left for me, to do what I aBk you, mysterious though it may be. On Christmas night Tje on the terrace, outside the picture gallery, at half- past eleven. I will see vou then. Much that perplexed you before, the mystery which separated us and which I could not explain, will be mado clear thon. Write a line to-morrow saying you will come, and speak of this to no one. 'Madge.'- The next morning when Miss Abby stated her intention of going to Baltimore to attend the Missionary Convention on that day, Madge amazed her by saying she would accompany her. 'But I'm afraid you'll find the details prosy, darling,' said Miss Abby. Madge laughed as she replied : ' But I'm not going to the meeting. I'm just going up to town to do shopping. Per haps I'll have a new gown made in a hurry for Christmas night.' 'You extravagant child. However, do as ?you like.' All the way to Baltimore, Madge was un usually silent. She -was pale, too, and it often seemed to Miss Abby, who sat opposite to her ' ili the train, that sho was gazing at somo pic ? tare born in her brain which seemed patterned . on the air before her. 'I wonder what it all means?' thought tlie elder woman. ' Ivan and she must have made tip, and yet he hasn't been to ' Farne leigh,' and I've seen no letter from him. Still, there's nothing else to explain the change in her appearance — her bright eyes, her absorbed ?reveries, and, most of all, this shopping tour for another gown, when her. wardrobe is full of pretty ones.' When the city was reached they separated at the door of a big shop, after arranging to meet for luncheon. There was a strange earnestness m Madge s face as she went np to one of the wide coun ters. 'I want to see some pale blue brocade,' she said. Miss Abby could not have explained this request, either, since Madge wore only black and white and mn.uve, other colors being en tirely lacking from her wardrobe. She would liave been more puzzled still could she have ' seen her take from her pocket the miniature of hel' mother and look intently at the pattern and color. That was light blue, a rose woven into the fabric — the same gown the belle of ' Farneleigh ' wore when her portrait had 'been painted, and the gown she had on the aright sho was murdered. It was easy to match the colour, and a piece of stuff was also found with, a rose pattern, -very similar to tlie ono Madge had in mind. ' I want this mado up immediately,' she said, when tho selection was made. 'We!ll have it 'rushed' for you, Miss 3?arneleigli, with the greatest pleasure,' said the salesman. ' I . suppose yoii want an evening gown — ' ' Yes, but not a fasliionablo one. I want an old- gown copied. Lot mo seo your de signer.' JyLadge s measuro was uikuu, ;uiu uiu guwu ?was promised to' arrive at ' Farneleigh ' on ?Christmas Eve. The first preparation for the denouement she was planning was dono, and Madge slept that night more peacefully than she had in -weeks. ' Tn after years, as she looked back upon tlicso days and endeavored to recall how sho liad felt as tho vital momonts and hours ?which wore passing carried her on to a situ ation that must mean either joy and triumph or complete defeat, sho found it impossible to bring back tho memory vividly. Indeed, sho seemed some other porson than herself, moving in a dream, planning a crisis of which sho seemed 110 part, and yet with an undercurrent of knowledge that the utmost care must bo taken, so that no mistako be made, nothing forgotten to tend to its success. Slie was in this samo vnguo, lialf- stunned state when she rose 011 Christmas morning' and walked, over to her window. In her ?white, lacey gown and unbound hair, sho looked really childish, and yet there was a soripus, sad expression in her eyes as of a ?purpose absorbing her so that all else must bo nnreal until this was fulfilled. How gloriously tho sun sliono on this Christmas day, streaming in Hoods of silver ' light from a sky of azure ether down on tho fresh snow which-had fallon Softly, stealthily through tho night. What a beautiful world ' it was ! and how happy it might bo if only dark, human passions could bo wiped from it, and wrong ccaso wan'ing with tho right# ' If only men and women would obey their | best instincts, hearken to the still, small voice which is never wrong!' thought . Madge. ' If love were always happy, if there was no pain, no evil — if envy and avarice and jealousy could be driven from the world forever ; if there were no sorrows, no tragedies, no re morse, no expiation.' A thoughtful little smile curled up the corners of her lips, and she sighed. 'Ah ! if all that were here,'' she said, aloud, softly, '' it would not be called earth — it would be Heaven. I had forgotten that we must suffer before we can gain Heaven.' When she was ready for breakfast she wrote a note to her father, giving him the last instructions necessary for the part he was to play in the strategy that was to extort con fession from Felix Lancoe. ''She put on a heavy, furred cloak and thick boots' and hur ried through the snowy park to the dove-cote. Only a. few inquisitive, hungry sparrows saw her place the important missive in its niche, and then she returned to the house. As the day wore on, however, and the twi light began to steal over the world, making the wide hall of ' Fameloigli' seem more_ lonely, as the dull red gleams of sunset touched the big windows, leaving corners in deep shadow, as the clocks ticked more heavily in the deepening silence, a new mood came over Madge, and one that filled her with terror. She was. ir her own room clad in a white , dinner gown when tho feeling first gripped her as if lean, invisible arms held'her in a hor rible embrace. She stood as if under a spell, trembling, her hand pressed to her lips, her eyes full of fear. Oh, if she should fail ! She had been drifting toward the fulfilment of her purpose with feelings mercifully blupted, but now in all its importance she faced the reality of the situation. ' If I should, fail !' The words were but a whisper. No answer came to them, only a sense of desolation at the possibility. If her carefully planned surprise should not make Felix Lan coe betray himself, what would become of her father ? How could she explain her actions to Ivan ? How could she account for the ruby cross coming into her possession ? Wh'at could she do ? Her courages, deserted her for a moment, and it seemed as if the whole world slipped into a haze, while she felt herself alone, defenceless, defeated in a contest with fate. But she shook off the feeling. She must not dwell on that chance — she must not think of it. She was going to stake all on one throw. God would help her free her father from the imputation falsely resting upon him, and He would surely vindicate the unhappy mother whose life had been taken. She would not waver ; she would not distrust. If suc cess was to be hers, she must act as if failure wero impossible. Dinner was announced for eight o'clock, and when the guests arrived thoy round Madge apparently in her brightest mood. Felix Lancoe made no secret of liis complete surrender to her charm, and every one there read tho story of his heart in his dark, half questioning eyes, which lingered upon her with looks of tenderness and love. She managed so that he had no opportunity of speaking to her alone during dinner nor afterward when tho party sat down to a game of whist in the candle-lit drawing-room. Whenever her oyes met his, she read his im patience, and sometimes a reproach at keeping him in suspense, but, apparently, she did not undorstand, and her laugh Svas frequent, her merry badinage delightful. After the whist there was some singing, followed by a Christmas toast. It was eleven o'clock. iviaagc was standing oy tne nre m uiu drawing-room when Felix Lancoe approached her. Her eyelids wore lowered ; ho did not know that she knew ho was near. Sho was holding her hands to the warm blaze of tho wood; he did not know they were cold as ice. Sho looked him fully iu tho eyes, a smile on her lips ; ho did not know sho was tolling her self that this was the last timo, whether she failed or triumphed, that they would stand so together — friends. ' Don't you think you havo. been very — shall I say unkind ?' Lancoo aslced, in a soft voice. ' I havo been miserablo to-night. Why do women like to torment tho men who love them ? I have often wondered.' . ' You mean — ' 'I mean that you wero to give mo an answer to-night ; just ono word, a mono syllable, on which the happiness of my futuro deponds. But you havo not said it yet. Toll me now.' _ ' But my answer must bo moro than a monosyllable,' said Madge, looking at him thoughtfully. ' Thero aro somo things I want to say to you, Mr. Lancoo. I want to understand you fully, aud you must under stand mo fully.' ' Toll ine now,' ho said again, ' I cannot here,' she said, glancing im patiently toward the guests who still lingered : ' It will very likely bo almost midnight before they go. In the meantime I'll go to my room and change my gown for a warmer one, as I feel a little cold. Meet- mo — ' sho said, re flectively, as if in doubt, ' meet me in the picture gallery at twelve, and we can havo a long talk together. ' But, tell me now, whether I can hope that your answer will make me happy.' ' I cannot toll you now. A great deal de pends on what you say.' She moved away, her lashes lowered, her pale, delicate profile toward him. ' I want to know you better before I give you any reply,' she said. ' Will you be in the picture gallery at twelve. ' Of course. The delay seems interminable,' he protested. ' Very well — and, by the way, if you get there first light the candle, you'll find on the table near tho window, and wait for me. Tell Aunt Abby I have a headache and to make my excuses. She went from his side, and the portiere falling softly, hid ,her from his view. CHAPTER XXXVI . ANOTHER CHRISTMAS NIGHT. The clock struck the half hour after eleven as Madge hurried up the stairs. ? She went directly to the picture gallery. All was in darkness there, and as silent as a church. For a moment sho stood quito still, list-: ening intently, realizing that the moment was a vital one ; that no mistake must be made now, or all her hope and plans would suffer defeat. The absolute quiet reassured her, and she felt that no one was near to watch or listen. With noiseless footsteps she advanced to a niche covered by a heavy portiere, and the gray light, just relieving the darkness of the deserted place, showed her her father hidden there. His oyes looked comprehensively into I hers and he nodded. She let the curtain fall, and went down to tho window opening on tho terrace. Her heart beat now as if it would stifle her, but outwardly she was calm as she drew the bolt back carefully and looked out. Ivan was there, waiting as' she 'had bade him, his arms folded patiently, his chin buried in the collar of his great- coat. At sight of her he moved to the window slowly. SheBaw his face, changed by the stress of mental En tering he had endured ; she saw his eyes question her dumbly, and a wave of pain and love rushed over her heart for him. Sho could not let him know this, however. As yet, they wero as sundered as the poles. ' Come ,' she said, beckoning him within, and added in a whisper : ' I want you to hide here behind the curtain. Do not look ont, but listen.' ' And the meaning of this ? Won't you ex plain it to me ?' ' Not now. You must wait. She lifted thp cord binding the heavy win dow curtain and let its folds fall over him. ' That will shelter you. Be sure you do not betray yourself.' He heard her footsteps'cautiously retreating, and then deep stillness fell upon tho place. Fifteen minutes later Madge opened the door of her room and looked into the hall. Then she crept to the stairs, looked over and listened. The upper part of the house was only dimly lit, and there was no one about. But was it really Madge who listened ? She seemed a ghost evolved from the memories clinging to the old house and haunting it on this fatal anniversary. As she stood there, she was the exact counterpart of her mother — indeed, she seemed the old miniature, imbued with life ; there was the same flowered blue brocade, made in the vogue of almost a score of years before ; the samo old-fashioned ar rangement of the dark-brown hair, the pink rose drooping at the little ear, the wonderful ruby cross, liko a badge of dark red fire against hep white throat. After waiting another moment she* crept carefully down the stairs to a side passage seldom used, leading by a small door into the picture gallery. Here she vanished between the thickly falling curtains, and then all be came quiet again. Ivan, in the meantime, waited in his hiding place, impatient, wondering, not knowing what to expect. He took out liis watch, and in the gray light through the big window looked at the hour. It lacked fifteen minutes of twelve. He remained with the watch in his hand, his eyes fastened upon it, noting the progress of the second-hand around the tiny dial. How long a minute seemed when measured by those sixty ticks while he waited expectant of — he knew not what ! ? Three' minutes moro had gone, when he heard a sound in the picture g;allery. He lis tened, his hand gripping the enrtain, pre paratory to flinging it-back. The sound came again ; it was a cautious rootstep. ai tuo | same moment he saw a gleam of light, faint and wavering as from a candle boing carried and touched by a draught. What followed next startled him so he stood unable to move. A shriek rent the silence, a harsh, protesting shriek, which reminded him of something wild and desperato resisting capture. It was followed by inarticulate utterings beyond his solving. ' Tho ruby cross ! Ah — ah ! Out of the vault! She will never givo me peace! Ah! the ruby cross — out of tho vault — the vault.' There was a fall and the sound of something metallic striking tho floor, then darkness fell again. Ivan stopped into the long, grayish room, looking from right to loft in amaze. There was confusion near the door, and a servant entered bearing candles. Beyond ho 'could see the frightened face of Miss Abby and some of tho guests. ' What on earth can it bo ?' Miss Abby ex claimed. As the light radiated the lonely room tho eyes of all fell upon a strange scene. In the frame where formorly only the tattered canvas gave hint of tlio portrait which once smiled from it, there was the picture of a woman in blue brocade, tho ruby cross at her throat. Before this lay the outstretched body of a man, a candle still smoking, lying whero it had fallen almost within roach of his outspread arm. Leaning upon tho table, his breath coming quickly, his oyes gaunt but radiant with triumph, stood an old man, a stranger not expected at ' Farnoloigli,'' but recognized by some as Miles Gibbon, the old clock-mender. Half way down the room, near the window, Ivan stood, as amazed as tho rest. Unable to speak, Miss Abby pointed to the picture, and, seeing tho horror in her eyes, Madgo camo from behind the curtain fastened to tlio lowor part of tho frame which, had shielded her skirts. ' Aunt Abby, it is I,' she said, quietly. ' By this strategy I havo found tho man who murdered my mother on Christmas night, fifteen years ago. There he lies. His own words convicted liim' before listeners.' Sho pointed to tho body lying in tho shadow. At the samo moment Felix Lancoe appeared at the doorway leading down to the hall. Ivan saw Madge's faco grow ashamed and sorrowful. She looked away from him lind let her gaze rest on tho body of the man over which her father was bending. ' Jasper Monkton !' he cried, in incrediblo amaze. , * * _ # * * * * It was late February, but soft as May, and the windows of ' Farneleigh' wero all open to the soft breeze which seemed caressing the world. Miss Abby was embroidering a hand kerchief at the tabic in the morning room. Near her, reading a paper was an old man. As Richard Farneleigh. his face wore a look of peace which had never been his when he lived through dreary days of hopo and waiting as Miles Gibbon. ' J. m so sorry about Jjancoe, said Miss Afcby, after a silence. ' Richard, his sad face haunts me. I find myself thinking of him wandering over the faco of earth in search of peace, yet feoling his life lias^bcen a failure.' 'Poor Lancoe — it only shows Jiow fatally wrong circumstantial evidence can be,' tho other replied, as, clasping his hands behind his back, ho paced up and down the room. ' You see he was the only man that suspicion seemed to touch. He had always loved Alico. With this truth firmly wedged in my jealous brain, it was easy to make all clues point to ward him. You see when I saw 'that snake, Monkton, go down the garden path after Alice on Christmas night I supposed it was Lancoe — you see both of thom and I were about the same height, though I'm bent now ?before my time. Well, I mistook Monkton for Lancoe, and tho ' Wanderer' mistook Monkton for me, because he'd put on my conspicuous coat.' ' Of course Lancoe's retirement from the world helped to make vou think he had some thing to brand him beside a hopeless love,' said Miss Abby, as she took a careful stitch. ' Of course. That night at ' The Crest' his secret grief for Alice's death seemed to Madge like tho tortures of mind a murderer would endure. Then the bronze cabinet which so mysteriously disappeared — ah ! that's the deepest sting of all, when I think of the wrong I did him. When he told me the day before he left for Japan that that box had contained some boyish mementos of Alice and the will which made Madge sole heiress of all no possessed even mougn sue never imirneu him, I felt it was almost too much to expect his forgiveness for our suspicions and plans to entrap him.' ' I must say he acted very justly, very kindly, to all,' said Miss Abby, thoughtfully, as she raised her eyes to gaze out at the park, wrapped, in the soft spring haze. ' Here come Ivan and Madge,' she said, suddenly. ' We must have lunch earlier to day. They've - been riding since breakfast. How happy they are ! To think that in a week she'll be gone from us, the wife of the man who loves her !' ' Thank heaven, we'll be' gone, too. I wouldn't be here for anything on earth when Monkton expiates his crime. Please Heaven, when we return, ' Farneleigh' will seem for ever purged of this stain, and we can think of tlie dead in resignation and peace.' He spoke urgently and stepped out on tho terrace to meet the riders. Madge went to her room and Ivan entered alone. ''I've got some news,' he said, gravely. ' It's not a pleasant topic to touch upon, but this tells of the last scene in the drama.' ' What ? Something — about Monkton, I suppose?' asked Richard Farneleigh. ' Yes ; he died suddenly this morning, and he's made a full confession, just to rid his mind of a burden. Shall I tell you ?' ' Of course,' was the quiet answer. ' I met Traffon in the village, and he told me. They're very excited at the jail over his. death. You'll receive a copy of the document he left, but these are the main facts. Tho murder was committed simply to obtain poss ession of tbe ruby cross, In the darkness of the phurch it slipped from his grasp, and, the fear of detection overcoming him, he was not able to make a proper search. In his haste he buried it with the victim and never dared open the vault to look for it. Often he went as far as the church, often up to the vault door, as he did the night you almost caught him, but his courage failed him when he would have entered the terrible place. Unsuspected, outwardly an obedient servant to a kind mis tress, he carried his secret for years, but suffered agonies of terror and suspense in his heart. ' You frightened him badly a tew nignts before Christmas when you almost captured liim in the ruin. He determined to leave 'Farneleigh' secretly. Of course his denial that he was the Mr. Gray who had asked Marcia Baldwin to maray him was untrue. He retracts all the lies he told in contradiction of her testimony. She knew him during her short stay here, and ho was known' to her mother as Mr. Grey. He confesses to haviug robbed Miss_ Abby systematically for years, and it was to get thousands which he had at various times seoreted under the hearthstone of the picture gallery — a place seldom used — which took him thero the night Madgo had arranged everything to surprise some words equivalent to a confession of guilt from Felix Lancoo. The money is there yet, and Traffon said he really believed tlio thought, that he hadn't been ablo to get it tortured the fellow more than his crime.' ' Had he seen 'Marcia Baldwin at all ?' ' Oh, yes. It seems he was really attracted to the girl and had her sent for when I10 felt himself -dying. She's going back to New York and taking with her letters which will entitle her .to somo property he holds there, nuless you, Miss Abby, dispute her' right to it.' ' Dispute r saia xuiss Auuy, in tone 01 scorn, ' I wouldn't even argue with the girl ; I wouldn't have my namo in any way con nected with hers. She's welcome to all Jasper Monkton, or ' Mr. Grey' has left her.' ' Besides,' said Richard Farneleigh, ' thousands aro under the hcartli-placo still.' Madge came in, having changed lid'r habit for a rose-colored morning gown, and tho topic was abruptly changed. ' This is almost tlio last time you'll como in so,' said Miss Abby, winding her arms around the girl's waist. ' When you return from Paris you will be the mistress of ' Mary field,' and ' Farneloigli' will havo loHt its belle. J Ah, dear child, how happy I want you to bo, ' and how happy, you will be . Madgo met Ivan's look of love with a soft smile, and then, seating herself on the arm of lier father's chair, laid her cheek on his gray head. Afterwards when Ivan and Miss Abby were busy talking together she bent her face down and looked into her father's eyes. 'Do you know where I went to-day for my last visit before my marriage ?' ' Yes, I know,' he said, softly. ' Oh, it is so pretty on the hillside,' she whispered. ' To rest thero in a flowered grave seems like sleeping, not liko being dead at all. I kissed her dearname upon the stone, daddy, and I brought this homo to you.' She slipped a few crocuses tied with a sprig of grass into his palm, ' Your mother loved them,' I10 said. ' I am glad they cover her grave.' Madgo saw a mist of tears in his eyes, but as his gaze, rested on the small bunch of flowers a smile that was wistful and grave deepened on his lips. THE END. [Next week we shall begin to print a sen sational tale by the favourite author of Katharine's Vengeance, Mademoiselle Jieine, etc., entitled LOST FOB LOVE. The ' story is long and elaborate, fall of incident- and dramatic situations, and very clovorly and vivaciously told.] 