A-GREAT WRONG; OR, THE de LrSTERBY OF BLACKt HOLLOJI GRANIGE. SCHAPTER IX.-(Cornsor.) h \- ..... he "As the queen wills. . At the same moment a footman entered th with the morning mail, which he placed be. aide the baronet's plate. "Are there any letters for me to.day, Sir t Geoffrey I" Misa Trevethon demanded, with marked emphasis. "If so, I hope you will or letmeharethem? It is rather dangerous t, work, I should say, for even a guardian to r tamper with his ward's letters I" Sir (Geoffrey arched his brows in well bred surprise. "It is indeed, my dear," he answered. " Sorely you do not mean to insinuate that I would tamper with my ward's letters? As- ht snrhdly you shall have your letters, Miss Trevethon. Here they are I" Lenore received them-two or three from London, one from Fern Hill, the seat of her chaperon, Lady Halstead, and another from e Scotland, bearing the Piedmont postmark. She gave a start, and her face fiashed hot with shame, Here was her letter at last, and she-had swcused her ruardian of intercenting it. She toe, it open w e tremblineg lngers, and iran Gver its contents. Ih A briei, but erceedingly courteous epistle, Ambrose Gerhart acknowledged the receipt t of her letter,and would take great pleasure Sinaaa'listiogr)rer,--Ho thoglt,-nay, he was. 'sure, that he held the key.to the mystery of whieh her letter spuke. fIt lrid lved in he .eighhorhoo I of flack tIollow Grange all his I life, and he had diueovered many things re lative to that wierd mansion, of whichi he . had hitherto. deemeld it unwise to speak.p vene nowr,he fearedt tru tlr whll he knew, upon paper. It would be wiser and safer to all eoncerned for 11iss Trevethien to make a -econ.l visit to the Ilnurrteld Manor. e' wou'd be at herservice at any time, on any daysheeheoe t e::ntin. f she saw fit to comeon Weln oday, tihe fonroenth, or , any day following, until the close of the T week, he would be there in waeitinr, and on any one of these days Miss Trevetlon would h find a carriage at Pielmont to convey her to the Grange. His mother's cottage was near at hand, too, where she would receive every attention. In conclusion, Ambrose Gerhart s subscribed himself her hurrmble and devoted servant, and begged, if SIs Trevethon pro posed coming., he would do o withlet de lay,asin a few days im;rortant mattcr would compel him to acoag for rendso. Lenore's heart heat with excitement, as ri she read and re- read this letter. It was a daring step for a ycung girl to make such n journey alone; but as we have already hinted, with all her beauty and her gentle breeding, Miss Trevethon wat something of h a madcap. Almost instantly she decided to h gShe arose, and placed the letter in her h pocket. "If you will do me the kindness, Sir Geof frey. I would like the ponycarriage ordered round at once." Sir Geoffrey bowed profoundly as he rang a the bell. "The pony carreiage, Jamcs; forI Miss Troveo thon," he commanded ; then turning to his ! ward, " Lenore, my dear, you are surely not i b leaving Lyndith Hull ? It is all a jest to worry me." - 1 am leaving Lyndith Hall, Sir Geoffrey, as I told you I should I I may return eagain to claim my few effects, or I may order them sent to me. In any esse, Sir Geoffrey, I re p at it, our relation are ended for ever, and t" I bid you geod-muorning." t Site swept out of the breakfast-room with i a regal bow. "As the queen wills." murmured the baro. net, bowing in his turn ; but as the doorp lclesd nipon his imperiou ward he broke into h chuckling laugh... . . " What a little fdol she is," he chucnkled: \- "l.lrkeallr other-women, I:'Iw'I"readily'she" swallowedthe batl Slhe freies shehas es enaped me I Well, well I we abshall see. As the queen wills I Ha, ha I" " Send Clotilde," commanded Miss Treve thon, as she entered her dressing-room, and in two minutes Clotilde came, her face doubly 1 aged and wearing the hue of death. "Pour Clotilde, how ill and wretched you look," cried her mistress. "I am sorry I was so harsh to you yesterday. I have the letter I expected, and I beg your pardon if I accused you wrongfully. There, we are friends again, and I want you to dress me at once. I am goingon a joorney." "Miss Trercthon,do not go " implored Clotilde. "Oh, dear, I most, so do not fret, Clotilde. Dress me quickly; that's a good soul. I'll ear my brown mohair and my sable cloak, Soc the air is keen this morning," "Miss Lenore, do not leave Lyndith Hall," continued Clotilde, her eyes piteous in their Ismploring agony ; "or if you do go, let it be toFern Hlill. Don't-" The young lady's scornful laugh inter rupted her. "To Fern Hill-to Lady Halestead's. Thank you,nol One season of her chaperonage wa susficient. I want to be rec. Clotilde not Lady Halstead's prisoner. There, there -not another word I Dress me quickly, and don't cry. I must rnteh the train, for I am going to Scotland, Clotilde." The woman uttered a gasping cry and fell on her knees at Lenore's feet. "Oh, MSiss Lenore, I entreat you not te go,"she cried, wringing her hande. "Take my advrice, and go to Fern Hill," Miss Trevethon turned from her impati. ently. "I must dress myself, I see, sinee you are not obliging enough to assist me. If you were not looking so wretchedly ill, Clotilde. I should scold you soundly. Have I not said that I will not go to Fern Hill. But cease weeping, you poor, silly soul. I am not leav ing yos for good. You shall take care of all my treasures until I return, and perhaps by that time you will have changed your mind, and will cheerfully go with me ?" But Clotildeshook her head in despairing silenee. . "y hat now, and my sables, and an extra shawl," continued her mistress. "-There, I am all ready, and I hear the carriage coming sp the drirve." And with a nod and asmile the yonnglady passed out of the room and went down to the if I could have saved her--my poor, pretty Hiss Lenore I" gasped Clotilde, pressing her ghastly face against the glass and watching the carridage as it rolled away. CHAPTER ,. BcTAYTED INTO THE TRAP. " Perrhaps I am taking a very rash step,' mused Miss Treverthon, looking from the car window at the distant. ighland peaks white with snow. "This a wild journey for a girl llke metomt eall alne. And whata dis mal afternoon it tel Well hate theenow thick about ns in another hour; and I have heard that these Highland storms are furions. ut I musot goon, in spite of wind or weather. for laam determined to fathom that awful mystery. -As the afternoon swned, and the winter storm gathered and darkened, the lorely face and hrilliant eyes lost something of their I wmnted rivacity. he sahirered and drew her sables close, straining her eyes to cateh a glimpse Sof the hillsbeyond which thie lauuntedJ Manor -'.I hope that promiled'carriage will wmeCt me at.Piedmnnt," she thoughrt. "Tots is ca-4.inly a dreradful eenin,:for a jsnurney. h awm amosm S-urre now that f came. Surely Aletr.oGserln?sstwill not failmer I-oul " l-rr hiti fte, and the service he did me that n:ebL hr.rs eat' I 'lduht him? And he orys ho \- h--i -a !-. tey t, the mrsteryi Sharl I trable th tae h I ,?hall fregre my ponrti that it rests me." " "Her cheeks bloomed with excitement, her eyes filled with tears, and her heart gave ap rejoicing bound, as the train came to a sud den halt and the shrill voice of the conduc tor wao heard shoting: d d - _ . "Piedmont Station I" She'armse, gathered up her wraps, and passed out to the platform. The snow was falling rapidly, and tie wintry dark ness had already set in; but before Lenore had time to look about her, a lad touched her aria. ."Pilease, ma'am, are you Miss Treove thon h' Si am Miss Trevethon." "Then come this way, please. TYonrler's the carriage, and Mr. Gerhart't waiting c Lenore followed him without an inquiry or a doubt. About twenty yards distant stood a closed carriage, with a pair of stout grays, and as the young lady drew near, a man enveloped in a huge cloak suddenly b appeared and threw open the door of the vehicle. SLet me assist you, Miss Trevethon. We are having wild weather to-night," he said, horriedly, as he grasped her arm. And before she could utter a word in an swer-almost before she knew what wan occurring, Lenore found herself in the car riage, and the door closed upon her with a sharp snap. "hOne minute, if you please, Mr. Gerhart," she cried, seizing the knob of the door and trying to open it. d But the door was/#ckd 1 "All right, liss Trevethan I" a mocking voice answered, and in another breath the f horses dashed off at full speed. "Great heavens! what does this mean ?" the girl exclaimed, her cheeks white with terror as she fell back updn the cash -..-n~;·r·.-i * '' r Bat in the next instant her fearless spirit r I rallied. snd she bounded to hebr feet. "- Driver, stop the horses this instant. I command you," she cried, shaking vigorously I at the carriage door. Only the wild wail of the winds, and the rear of the gathering storm answered her, and through the pitchy night, which had 1 fallen sudl enly, the criage rattled on at a rectlesa pace, I Sihe al'Led again and again, and beat :a-ainst tihe panels, till her delicate ihands were brisel, bult all to no purpose. The carriage did not stop,iail only the winds and a burst of exultant laughter answered I her. t She sat down in the chill darkness, the snow leating fiercely against the thick glase of thie carriage window; sat down. calm and silent, bat with a dreadful presentiment crerepig ovrer her. \liat ei tld it mean I Into whose hands had she fallen7 aNot for an instant did she believe that Ambrose Gerhart, stranger though he might be, would take such a ter rible advantage of the trust she had reposed in him. But who was her driver, and where was she going She saw now, as she had not seen before, how rash and foolish she ha.1 been, to place herself in such a pvsition, and her proud heart thrilled tumultuously, as she realised her peril. Oa went the flying horses through the storm, which seemed to gather strength and fury with evrery succeeding minute, till the girl felt as i she must go mad in her terror and suspense. So deep was the winter dark Sness, so weird and wild the howlings of the storm. so mad the speed of the hores, that as sie tore along Lnore begun to fancy that khe had fallen into the power of some terri ble supernatural Thing, which was hurrying her on to swift and sure destruction. She had dared to pry into the secrets of the Haunted Manor, and this was her punish ment. In the midst of these wild fancies, the car rige came to a sadden halt. In a twinkling the door was thrown open, and the figure of the cloaked man confrnted her. "Here we are, 3liss Trevethon, at our journey's end. Give me your hand, pleas.?' SThe girldrew back,shnddering with terror. lomethiing is her voice oi this unknown .naa culrdled the very blood in aher veins.. ',..Who are you, sir lE she demandedd." and' why have you brought me here?" "'To solve the history of the Haunted Manor," replied the same voice. And in another instant, Lenore was seized upon bodily, and liftedvto the ground. The darkness was impenetrable; the snow beat fiercly in her face,and the violent wind shook her like a reed. But she tore herself free of the man's grasp, all the blood in her veins tinkling with in I dignant anger. "'T::ch me a-in, at your peril.' she pasted. ' Whoever you are, you shall suffer 't for this night's work." d The man's only answer was a laugh-a d tanting, mocking, exultant laugh. Then, while the bewildered girl stood straining her eyes in the vain effort to pierce the deep darkness, he tooka whistle from his Sbreast and blew it shrilly. In the space of a minute, another whlgtle, faintly heard above the clamor of the storm, answered from some ,c point above. "e "All right; our friends are waiting to welcome us. Miss Trevethon, will you Scomel" Lenore struggled tosscape from him. S "No, I will not go,' she answered. e "TheLn I must carry you, that's al." In a twinkling, the huge cloak enveloped e her like a pall, and she was caught up and id borne away at a rapid pace. She strove to free herself, but the arms of 4l her captor held her like iron. .?h, ashrieked aloud for help, but thehravy atu tentstifeed her voice, and, in her imp tent auger and cc terror,she remembered, iitt a ipang, that, in e the hurry of her departure, she had unintn tionally left her little jewelled dagger onher dressing-table at Lyndith Hall. Little use it would have been, however, o for she was utterly powerless in her unknown Scaptors hands. e bore her on, asif she were e an infat, up a flight of snow-covered steps, under an arched entrance, and into a wide hall, the stone floor resounding beneath his -heavy and rapidtrerad. ll Poor Lenore was breathless, and almost by senseless, and again the foolish fancy pos , sessed her that some awful demoniace being had her in his power. She had heard the re g sounding echoes of the flagstones, and knew, by the lull of the winds, that she was being r borne into some sort of habitation, but the I heavy cloak which enveloped her head shut °g her in utter darkness. A door opened and closed, another and by another, and then the man, who held her in Shis vice-liske arms, set her on her feet asi, \- '..m edeohedlsak'i.w sifiihirvtGosd a! her. "Now, Miss Trevethon, here we are. all r -right That was an uncommonly neat job, O bringing you here so nicely, it was, by 7ove I" For an instant, the girl reeled giddily, but in the next her indomitable spirit rallied. She was in a lighted apartment, but several seconds elapsed before she was able to dis tingoish one object from another. When ,rshe did see, the first object that met her r affrighted eyes was her guardian's face. to BHe bowed to her with mocking courtesy. irl "Lenore, my dear, l.am glad to welcome is- o. We scareely dared hope for your om iw ing this wild night, but here you are, rich Smond, my son, draw up a chair for Miss as Trevetbon." r The girl turned, and looked at the man 'i who had brought her thither, and a low cry escaped her lips. Bbse beheld Sir Geoffrey's His dark eyes flashed with brotal triumph ir at the sight of her terrifieeamazement, and he burst into a peal of uproarious laughter. Les "Didn'tknoa me, did you, Miss Trove. s Ithen? ' he questioned, mosekipgly. "Ah, I or deceived you very cleverly." Lenore steood silent an instant, and then c her blue erye hea oe tid en and gleam. S--RIicmond Trerthan !" abe cried, her h,. bosom hearing with the tumult of herimpe. ir rices angr. "have you dare--" \- "Of course I have. my dear, he inter at rapted, 'dared to msnke meself yoarpro he tector. Naturally enough, too, I take it. Ws Ies a man sees his besrothed wife running Sfwild overn the cjuntry, it is naturnl he should eg follow and takecare of her. And,bytle w ay, Coai he adled, with a diabliea lau'gh, "ye?n haven't that neat little dagger on hand tno-night, bare youl" She turned from him in wordless scorn. "Sir Geoffrey Trevethon," she said, ad. dressing the smiling baronet, "perhnaps you a will gire me a plain anser 7 What is the h meaning of this? Where am I " " y dear child do you not know ? You en are at the Haunted Manor, of course. You wished to come here, I believe." p A thrill of unutterable horror shook the girl from head.tO foot,and she glanced abou t her with distended eyes. The apartment was large, and must, at some time,have been used as library, far the dusty shelves still contained a few volumes, and there were some tattered hangings and other articles of furniture faded with age. i "The launted Manor?" she repeated, hi ahusky whisper. Thi tis the Haunted. Manor. my dear.'" bowed toe baronet. " You seem so anntons to investigate its mysteries, and Iam always no willing to indulge you. As the queen wills, yon know I" Her glorious eyes began to flsh again, and the rich color leaped to her cheeks. "Sir Geoffrey Trevethon."she cried, the full torth of her situation flashing upon her, "yoe did intercept my letters, then I" "I did, indeed, my dear," replied herguar. lian. "I always make it a point never to force a woman when I tn deceive her; and you have been very neatly deceived, as you must confess I You did not think for a minute thatI would suffer you to be meeting all sorts of low-bred men ; Ambrose Gerhart, for instance ? Of course, as your guardian, Scould not." " Why am I here ? Why was I made a prisoner add brought to this place I" Lenore demaded. , "The 'bariet's soi mead answer with'a mockinglangh. - t " y dear; your question brings us rto the point." replied Sir Geoffrey. "We are, hors to celebrate your marriage with my son." Lenore's heart grew faint within her, as she stood in the dusty old,room, with the merciless faces of her two mortal enemies looking down upon her; but her regal self. possession did not fail, or her flashing eyes falter. She made no answer, and her guar dian went on. "Ages ago it w.s a customs with the Trevethons to celebrate their marriages at this old place, and the idea shrsck 'me that you might fancy reviving theo ancient cus. tom ? If I remember rightly, your great grandfather was married in this very room ; and his bridel, we are told, was the loveliest lady on which the English sun had ever shooe.r But I'll wager she was not one whit lovelier than yourself." Utter consternation deprived Lenore of the power of utterance, and her guardian went "I was sure it would please you, revering all the old customs of your race as you do, to celebrate your nuptials at the HIented Manor, and here we are. Richmond, throw open the door, and give Miss Trevethon your arm." The ioung man opened a door to his left, disclosingto the amazed gisl an adjoining apartment which seemed in the dim light to be hung with funereal drapery.In the centre of this room stood a table, aend before it a dark-robed clergyman, with an open prayer book in his hand; and just behind him a woman whom Lenore recognised, with a thrill if relief, as Clotilde. " Come, my dearest," said Richmond, at tempting to take her hand, "submit grnsc fully to the inevitable, and let the ceremony proceed atonce." She wrenched herself away from him, her yes flashinc lightning. "Do not comno near me, I command you," she cried. "Touch ment yourp.ril." The young man laughed insolently. "Ah, my little tigress, you would show your claws, eh ? Rut rvena tigresn may be tamed. Come quietly now; you must sob. mit to the tying of the knot." iss Troevethon turned her indignant glanee pon'nthe baronet. "Sir Glotelky Trevethon," she said. her oice cool and silvery, " if you have decoyed me here for.-the purpose of frlghtenig.,emo intdo a iarnrige with your son,'est assured you haw had your trouble for.nobthing. An I told you in the beginning, I tell you now, I will not marry him. I will diehere whern I stand rather than speakthe weds that will make me his wife. "And you, sir," she added, clenching her white hand and setting her teeth," "only let me regain my freedom, and you shall pay dearly for all this." The baronet laughed softly. "Regain your freedom, my dear," he re tested. "IMy dear Lenore, you are not at all likely to be free for some time to come unless you pay the required price for yeur liberty. Lisaten to me, Miss Trevebhon. 'We have no time for theatricals. The night is passing away, and we must get out of this old ghost-trap and he on our road to Paris before the day dawns. So listen to reason neow, like a sensible girl. As I 'told you be eore, it is not likely that that I shall relin e quish the hopes of'a life time, and see myson out off from his rightful inheritance, all be cause ofe an idle whim on your part. You rare Richmond's wife asn.it is.- You were married to him, at your father's wish, in your childhood, and you are commanded by your father's last will to hold that marriage sa. ered." d Shelaughed in hi very face, in superb and :enrless scorn. "I repudiate that silly ceremony of my f youth," she exclaimed; " and you will find it a little difficult to force me to submit to d our wishes." The baronet's smiling face had changed in afearful mnner. It was livid with sup preseed passion, and his eyes glared like those nf a wild beast. '" We'll. see I" he answered, in a low, threatening voice. "That clergyman there, and the woman who is to act as Witness, are n .,oth mine, sworn to my service: -You marry Sny son and to- morrow's dawn will see you on oner way to Rome, and to-morrow's papers Svill announce the alliance." "But if I refuse, as I do, Sir Geoffrey, t hat then ?" interrupted her fearless voice. "What thene Listen, Miss Trevethon, 'ad you shall hear. If you refuse, the cere Iony will proceed all the same, and the wit ness will signthe certificate. The sole dif ference, Miss Trevethon, will be ctir: The g woman Clofilde is bound to my interest, I n1 she will ecconipany you and Riehmond to the altar, and afterwards will certify t your sadden death in foreign lands while you, my dear ward, will be :immoured in the black well of this "Haunted eouse" which * ysoeewrrames' nass'en- aesmnNlesasrlhln'wTlll attach, added Sir Geoffrey,with one of his die. boliealsneers, to the advent in a few months of Richmond Trevethon without his young wifein whose rght heeisthe vast estates Sof the Treoethons." Lenore's courage waned, and her cheeks grew pale, despite all her natural fortitude s she realied the fiendish cunning of th es Iin whose ands, by her rash journey, she had placed herself. sa he glanced towards her guardian, Sit Geoffrey's face wore an aspect of lambeat scorn and triumph combined ; she turned towards Clotilde, as one woman-in deadly peril will to nanother-:the poor women stood shking in erery limb, her hands clasped in agony, ier bloodless face blanched in her Sutter despair ; and then Lenore's eyes lighted apon tohe judo clergymas who stood line a mocking demon, hook in hond. " lo, my denr"' questioned the baroneet with e amusaed smile, "don't you see what the resalt of my 'intrigones' insto be ?" a Asyoa areso obstinate, yourdemise will be reported from IRome, and all that I hare schemed for will cole to peo. As for yeou I ha, ha I we shall seee.r I eseized her by the arm, and drew, or dragged, leracress thesroom. Then, lifting the think, hlock arras that draped the wasl, he'rn Ihis hand along the surface of the aoten panelling. eel, In I there'was a sharp clih, aned a door slid slowly abide, as if by mn~ic, crmeling a black void, whihrlole ed lihe'tlie entrance to a reuin of irigpenotrable derkns.s. - Ira averoag dinolioti of Jlfe'lo India tiso 2 years. In Engmlanditi? ddytr . 'e 