Txe crack shotsef the colony have not been recognised by a certaiu section of the military as a class of men deserving of encouragement or advancement; for the amount of contumely heaped upon them by~ men who are evidently jealous of their powers, and who desire to keep the tempting prizes within the city boundary, was quite undesoerved and uncalled for. No wonder, therefore, that the authorities should be desirous of bringing all rifle meetings under their direct control, and that their one aim Sshould be the elimination of the hated "pot hunter." To a certain extent only hai they achieved success in thus dominating the Rifle Association, as a very large number of the best shots were conspicuous by their absence from the last meeting, smarting no doubt from the stigma that had been fastened upon them, and. being unprepared, from want of practice in the speoial c onditionse.nowprescribed, to enter into compeotition, No one questions the fairness to all cumpetitors alike of being compolled to fire a ceitain .number of rounds in a given time, and at unknown distances, nor the benefits that must accrue .from such practico e beoause,'in actual warfare, it would be under: just such circumstances that indepenident and volley firing would be carried out. But this in no wise affects the position of the "sharp shooter" the man who can be relied upon for giving a good acdount of himself at a longrange by taking steady aim and firing with absolute precision., In a previous alirticle we remarked that the expgit shot at long rndges was at least : likely fopopove a formsl antost \Inumistohcb domni nding . pidriat to taifn 'tgesql l it i be admitted thoe dang. nition s ly handicap him ce the iuter onced recruit in a coimparatively superior potsition. To arrange a match when the men are in thoe vilonity, vas no doubt a happy thought; but after ourr Easter ·endampMont,' when strained musEles, tired bodies and sore feot,'consequent on .thel long forcedr.marches, were so much in evidence, one would not have been disappointed under the circumstances if the results had .proved less brilliant than thef did.:r An object lossbn of 'the most sever:tditid~ ractical kind liae been administered:to thecoriginators of the term."prot hunters," for they have die. covered that. the very mep . ag!inst whom their anatlihmas were hurled can compete under regulations framed expressly to prove a bar to the, expert aind scientifico rifle shot and s~ill lead in_ thoevan, proving to demoilistration thalt the best "men can win under any con. ditions, If eover Kiama deserved the namen of being the "home of the rifle6,' its claim to that proud distiunction is now unquestionable, and .may it prove inalienable. It' is'not an occasional victory that has given Kiama its proestigo in the matter of riflo esliooting, but it is the consistency by whloh individual and team sgoro b avofor, papny.yearn bhpon. an intermittent character, and emulation has largely boon encouraged by the splendid records made by, and the untiring zeal of theirCaptaio, whoso very namo sounds sweetly in the ears of every volunteer. It is not an easy matter for one company to put a team in the field without a tail. The unreliable or nervous man joopardisos the chances of the whole team. It is therefore a matter of congratulation that the Kiama Company, with a strength of 60 men. was able to send 60 of them to uphold the honor of their corps. Certaiply this was a pretty large order, but the result amply justified the undertaking, as in the "Coomassie battle.firing contest," 66 teams of 8 men each entered, of which 3 teams were represented by Kianma, two of which succeeded in pull ing off the first and second prizes aggregating in value £72, iti addition to being entitled to the permanent possession of the cup presented by General French, which had been won on a previous occasion by Sergeant Boles' team, and also to hold for cne year the cup presented by Mr. Charles Anderson. Among the list of prize winners for independent firing are the names of men who never had the ghost of a chance before of winning a prize, andiwhose best efforts athing ranges and under the old regulations would be represented by alternate outers and misses. Necessarily the results under present conditions are unreliable and haphazard, and the making of an occasional hit is no evidence of skill. The rawest of recruits has now a chance of coming out top, as accident is nearly as powerful a factor as design when steady aim is out of the question. No doubt it becomes smonotonous to fire round after round in the vain attempt to reoh'tho bull's eye, but the Reformed hMilitary Rifle meeting has changed all that, 'Ihere is nothing like reform, VWe have a reform chemist, a reform undertaker, in fact reformation all round; but this latest feature of it in military matters partakes toolmuoch of the socialistio element-.a leveldieg down that cannot and should not be appreciated by men whose success with the.rifle has been secured by dint of long' and continuous praotice.'nd the expenditure of much time and money. While it must be' admitted that the object for which the reform was insti tuted has proved fairly successful, there must be further reform in the same direction before the laurels can be torn from the brows of KCiama men. 