TERRIBLE BURNING ACCI-" 1 DENT. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. AN AWFCL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before he could be rescued lie was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a number of years after he was a confirmed invalid, sufiering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neighborhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had had a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumors that a special reporter from the " Sydney Worker" was despatched to get all infor mation regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45 Crown- lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thos. Jarvis was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about,' and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and: a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the prelimary questions he said : — " You want to know, all about my case Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." "How long were you suffering ?" ' " Well, twelve months ago, I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while .taking a hath in Pitt- street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as" I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of ine. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither cat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last 1 saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, lie gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order .' " No ; I caine home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago 1 could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when' 1 would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me and did all he could, by opium aud morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He caine to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating volun tary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years and never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show . that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisementTlescribing the cure . effected in a case of arfother boiler-maker in England, which I read in the " Austra lian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the ad vertisement of a case which seemed to lit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite aud rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, aud I have never used them. They were made for me before 1' . got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." "He is 100 per cent", better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and; taken the. baby on her knees. "The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life, aud made another man of him." A friend who called in at this, point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight pre vious. " I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs. I ascribe all the chauge and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a "box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the aston ishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as antenna, pale and sal low complexion, general muscular weak ness, indigestion, loss of appetite, short ness of breath, pains in the back, nervous 'headache, &c.; Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowau, leader of the Labor Party in the N.S. W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M 'Go wen says he lias known Jarvis from infancy; He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago ( owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards hoard that Jarvis was bed ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney ,Hos: pital, as his case had been pronounced in curable. Mr. M'Gowan was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the. facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. . . These wonderful pills are . obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co.., Flinders-street, Melbourne, who will forward, post paid, on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s. 9d., x>r half a dozen for 15s. 3d. See that thegenuine Dr. Williams' are gotten. \ : The Staff of Lize.— Anomalous prices of bread are referred to by a correspond ent, the " Dunmutikle Standard." who \- .says — "In Stawall ufad is sold at Gd. per 41b. loaf, in Murtoa'a. gd., this repre senting a difference of 25 p»r cent, in the different towns. Flour is Yg. per bag '"---aaper than when it reached Yu; highest . l>oiiit, ;u,a tbe new wheat is Js.Yr niore ess than old wiicu-, attained in the unrest time, and old wheat from Cd. to 9d . Yss < per bushel. Turuing to potatoes, wo fi'iia. that they are almost prohibitive iu price, ' " as they are selling all over the town at 12s. per cwt., which is ail additional reason \- why the anomalous rates for bread should be looked into." » Benalla. — At about 10 o'clock on " Wednesday night a fire broke out iu a four-roomed weatherboard cottage, owned ' by -Mr. J. T. R. Mason, a short distance from th6 railway station, and before the brigade arrived the plac6 was levelled to the ground. The building and its contents Were insured for £75. 