United Methodist Con= vention. We wish to draw special attention to the I arrangements made for the Methodist H Convention on Monday next in the Cen- I tenary Hall. It was the desire of the H Committee of arrangements that the H Eight Hon. Chief Justice Way should H preside, but in the absence of the Gover- ? nor of South Australia, the Lieutenant Governor, with Parliament sitting, could not conveniently leave the colony, and wrote expressing his regret that he was unable just now to visit his friends in New South Wales. As the next best thing the Committee has secured the President of the General Conference, the Rev. H. T. Burgess, of Adelaide, who will preside throughout the proceedings. The afternoon session will begin at 3 o'clock, and after devotional exercises three papers will be read, occupying 20 minutes each and each will be followed by two selected speakers, who will be allowed five minutes each, as follows : 1st paper, ' Methodism viewed from the historical standpoint,' by the Rev. Dr. Sellors ; speakers, Hon. J. Cook, M.P., and Rev. J. E. Carruthers ; 2nd paper, ' The Methodist Church of to-day ; its place, responsibility, power,' by Rev. E. Crozier; speakers, Revs. G. Lane and J. Green ; 3rd paper, ' The Methodism of the future,' by the Hon. J. S. Larke; speakers, Revs. M. Reavley and Mr. W. Robson. Tea will be provided from 5.30 to 6.30. An interval meeting from 6.30 to 7.30 will be led by the Rev. Rainsford Bavin. The evening session, which will begin at 7.30, will, it is hoped, be a mass meeting of Methodists. The chief speakers will be the chairman, who will speak generally on the subject. The Hon. J. Blanksby, M.L.C., will speak on 'Methodism and Christian Citizenship.' The Kev. E. J. Eodd has been asked to speak on ' The Con nexional Spirit,' and the Eev. E. W. Briscombe -will give the closing address ou ' Pentecostal Methodism.' During the evening a collection will be made on behalf of the philanthropic agencies in connection with the Central Methodist Mission. With the hearty singing of old Methodist hymns to well-known tunes, led by Mr. W. I. B. Mote as pre centor, and accompanied on the organ by Mr. Arnold Mote, the talented young organist of the Centenary Hall, and old time responses during the prayers and the manifested presence of the Holy Spirit, the Convention may be memor able in the annals of Australian Metho dism. Let prayer be offered that a rich baptism of the Holy Ghost - may be . vouchsafed at each session. 