LILIAN TREMAYNE'S SECRET. BY BsrHAL MA. .CLr (AuthOress of "An Ideal Love," & c.) CHAPTER XXVII. TOE CLOUDS ARE LINEDWITH KBILVER. About two weeks later Marian received letter from Dr Hunt that very much erprised her-a letter that made her heart beat with joyous hope. Tne doctor wrote: "fl sI Mass TtEmuAYE,-The friend to whom 1 submitted your father's musical work, and whose sympathies veto enlisted by my recital of Mr. Tre ayne's affliction-this friend writes to we that the opera is the production of a 00n of geous, and only wants a pains. taking revision I pressed him to give it attention for your. sake,.mentioning you only by your professional name of Mrs Temple. He now wishes to see you as early as possible, to consult with you re yarding the matter. I have refrained from mentioning the name of Tremayne, either in connection with yourself or your father, as my patients all go by num benrs, so that no one knows anything con cerniog them from my establishment. lMy musical friend is named Allbright Dr Allbright, the Willows, Cranleigh Fields, Hertfordshtre. In the firstplace, write to him, asking for an appointment. I feel certain that good will come of this. " Yours very faithfully, "AiLFRED fuaTr." Harian read this letter over and over aain. Oh, if it were only true 1 Per haps the opera would yet realise a hand some sum-sufficient to help them in their hour of need, until Mr Tremayne was well and strong again I She wrote to Dr Hunt, and every line in her letter breathed the gratitude that she felt. By the same post she com mnnicated with his clever friend, Dr All bright. She expressed her pleasure that he should think her poor father's work contained merit, and stated that she would be pleased to visit him, with a view to business, any day excepting Tuesdays and Fridays. On these days she had her classes to attend. . The reply from Dr Allbright was prompt, and to this effect: "Mts aN. TEcnPLre.-Madame: I am glad to be able to say that your father's composition is of most unusual merit. As it stands, however, i; is useless; and il have your permission to re-arrange, and make what alterations Ideem neces Eary, 1 may be induced to produce it on mutual terms, or sell it outright for you. liudly pay me a visit, if convenient, next Wednesday. Be careful to state by what train you will travel, so that my carriage may be at the station to meet you. "Sincerely yours, "PETER AnLIaARIcrr." Marian was now in a perfect fever of delight. The opera was of unusual merit -Dr Allbright- one of the greatest authorities of the age declared so. Surely Heaven was answering her prayer for help! On the following Wednesday morn ing shte was up early, and looking more hopeful and bright than she had for many weary mouths. "The clouds are breaking at last," she said to Maggie. "And I hope to bring back with me much happy, happy news. Take great care of baby, for 1 shall not ahome until very late. Cranleigh fields s oely thirty miles from here, but I have to change trains three times, and then Ihaoe a long drive across country." She kissed the baby good-bye; she vasgrowiitg to love the dear little child forints own sake as well as its mother's. It was nearly eleven o'e;ock when she rsehed althe little station at Oranleigh Fields, and found a smart-looking horse and chaise waiting for her. "Mrs Temple '" queried the coach man, touching his hat. "Yes," replied Marian. "I am Dr Alibright's man. I have coms to meet you, mna'am." "Quite right." Site stepped anto the chaise, and having seen that she was camfortably seated,the coachman touched his hat again, and off went the horse like a rocket. Marian never forgot that beautiful drive. It was a clear, bright morning in early October; the air was cold but bracing, and the way was through some of the loveliest country in England. The trees were bearing the richest tints that Autumn ever paints; the ever-varying shades, from russet-brown to blood-red crimson, quivering in the wind with a mournful kind of music, while some of the giant trees, through which the golden sun was shining, seemed crowned with a iery glory. After a long drive, the horse slackened speed at the foot of a steep hill, and when tney reached the top, she saw the village amdle away, nestling in a verdant valley as tholugh asleep. The only sign of life was the blue haze that hung above formed by the curling smoke from the chimneys of the cottagers. If she was charmed with the primitive looking village-with the lovely country -she was doubly charmed with the home of Dr Allbright its perfect gardens-its miniature terraces-its ivy-grown walls. The carriage stopyed ata side door, and a serwant-woman came to assist Marian. "The doctor is out for a little while," she said; "but Miss Allbright, his sisier, is expecting you, Airs Jemple. Come this way please. - Marian followed, and soon found her self in the presence of a stately little woman, with a smooth, clear skin, and s wo- rwhite hair. She greeted the girl pleasantly, and without any formality. Her brother had been called away, but would he back in an hour. In the mean time, Airs Temple would doubtless lke refreehments after her jcurney I *"Yes, thank you," Marian replied, rightly. Aliss Allbright conducted her guest to 50 antechaisber, where she could take off her outer wraps, and bathe her hands and face; then they went down to the Oting-room together, and were soon the best of friends. The docter was back at the time stated, and was tgreeably surprised when he saw Atariaa. le thought that he had never before seen so beautiful a girl-such a perfectly splendid specimen of budding woman hood. He was rather astonished to find her so youthful, and married. He wondered vaguely who and what her husband was, or had been, for he under stood that he was dead. " lam afraid," he said, " that we shall not get through very much business to day. Are you prepared to stay here until to-msorrow, irs Temple I" "Nt, I had not expected that," replied lartan. " Then we must go to work at once; Ireally haven't a great deal to say to you yet; but what I have to settle forthwith is of the utmost importance. I desire yoe to follow me through a part of your father's optra; I hear that you are a oaented mualcian; therefore, I shall nowathat I am not wasting time. After I hede udintsd out ta yos wveaknesoes, ~rdundancies, and matter that is quite irevant, I shall require your consent to loblly obliterate these useless passages and leave the opera in my hands entirely. If you are agreeable to this, I promise to have it on the boards after Christmas, under the supervision of one of the most astute managers in London. If it has a successful run-and I say that it shall have a successful run-you-may get some thousands of pounds out of it, and still retain all rights. Understand, please, that I have no monetary interest in the matter. 1 do not require any. I am doing this primarily in the interests of art-it is my hobby-my delight." "I leave it entirely in your hands, sir," Marian said, her heart bounding with gratitude. "If it is successful, as you predict, will it be long before 1 get a little money 1" He looked at her keenly. "My dear lady," he smiled, "if you want money, my astute manager will advance you a hundred pounds immedi ately. He is too clever a man to let this work drift out of hands. I will communi cate with him by this day's post." "Oh, you are too good." Marian mur mured, tears standing in her eyes. A hundred pounds seemed a smnall fortune to her, and she little dreamed that Dr Allbright'had decided to help her out of his own pocket fur the present. He conducted her to the eastern cham ber, and begged of her to be seated while he played through some portions of the opera which he had re-arranged. Marian listened, and, under the in fluence of the splendor about her, her senses were ravished. The doctor presently took up a violin, and asked her to play the accompaniment on the piano. a magnificent grand, which could tell of the cannon's mighty roar, or ripple like a summer cascade. "There,' he said, at last, "fully one half of your father's work has been elim- I inated, as you will observe by the marked copy before you. It was in part bald and pointless, but contains music that has not been equalled for half a century. There is a fortune in it, Mrs Temple-a fortune in it." She heard a step in the doorway, and was conscious that a familiar. figure was I standing there. The fair hair, the clear t white skin, the tall, soldierly form. I Heavens l there could be but one man in the wide world who looked like this. She turned icy cold, and felt that the t blood had left her as colorless as death. I "Mrs Temple," broke in the clear, I decisive tones of the doctor. "I will not 1 detain you longer than is necessary ; you have a long journey before you, and i I- never allow ladies in my care to travel E after dark- particularly young ones." "The man in the door-way muttered: I "Pardon me I" and disappeared, while Marian gazed after him almost stupefied. I "Tell me, Dr Allbright," she whis- I pered. Who is that gentleman? I have t seen someone like him before-a very dear friend.' The doctor glanced at .her quickly. He had not observed Athol until now. tie had been attracted by the music, I and had momentarily forgotten-the ex- I pected visitor. "That can be no friend of yours, Mrs Temple," he said, evasively. "At. least i 1 thinmk not. It is a blind patient of mine-a Mir-a-Dudley." s "Thank you." the girl replied, sum- ; moning the ghost of a smile to her face; "pray do not think anything more 1 of my foolishness. but the resemblance gave me an uncomfortable start." S"These chance likeness are very com mon," smiled the doctor. "Now if you I are ready, Mrs Temple, you can go to the station. You will just catch the I four-thirty if my man is hurried up. t To-night, I shall write to my manager, and you will hear from me by Saturday at latest. During.the next two weeks 1 I shall endeavour to put the opera into ' shape, and shall want you to come again to sign one or two needful docu ments before we put it into the hands -: of the theatrical people" In half an hoear Marion was being rapidly driven back to the station-her mind in a perfect whirl. Who could be this Mr Dudley, so mar vellously like Athol He must be a rela tive. How dreadful it was for -one so young and handsome to be blind l She had only seen the lower half of his face, but the likeness to her lost.lover was wonderful, and his voice, too 1 Some way she had.felt drawn to him his presence had sent an electric thrill through every nerve-every pulse, and she longed to see him again;. she longed to see him because he was so like her own dear love. And when she was gone, the doctor sought out the young earl. ' You startled my; visitor, Athol," he said. "I am sorry ;I forgot that you had warned me not to show myself. -It was your beautiful music, doctor. I could not resist it." "My-visitor was playing; too. She has a delicate touch. By the way, do you know anyone named Temple-a lady I" "Temple -Temple No, I don't think that I do ? Was your visitor named Temple I" "Yes-a young widow, I imaginse. A beautiful creature. The loveliest -woman I ever saw," said the doctor. _" She thought she knew you at first, and I was afraid that you had put your foot in it, but it was a case of mistaken identity one of those absurd likenesses that occa sionally cause trouble." CHAPTER XXVIII. THE wEW DaUE OF 3rEDFORi. -The Honorable Frederick Vansitart had become the Duke of Medford. He had looked with a longing eye toward the ducal coronet for some years, but it was always with a feeling half doubtful, half hopeful. There were two lives in his way, an aged uncle and a consumptive cousin; but sometimes these aged uncles and con- sumptive cousins never die, and the Hon. Frederick was taken very much by sur prise when he learned that they had de parted this life within two hours of each other. The son first, and the father two hours later-the result of shock-of heart failure. Mr Vansitart was not long in seizing the reins of management, of absolute control, of some of the finest properties in Eigland, and becoming known to the world as the Duke of Medford, one of the richest, most extravagant, and eccentric of Britisol peers. One month after his accession to his newer dignities and greater wealth, he sat alone in one of the reception-rooms of his town house, a splendid mansion that had been in the Medford family for upward of a century. He did not feel in a particularly plea sant frame of mind; one or two theatri cal speculations had added n hing to his reputation; late hours, late ppers, and other indulgencies, were begi' ing to tell their inevitable tale, and my lord duke was seriously thinking of turning -over a new leaf. "el must marry," he thought, "and through society's gilded portals I can see in my mind's eye a hundred beautiful women who are ready to kneel at my feet, but not one among them all can compare with the girl I both love and hate." He lighted a cigarette, and watched the smoke curl lazily upward. " Yes," he murmured, " the sentiment I have toward Marian Tremayne is a most peculiar compound. I feel that I hate her for her hanghty indifference-her prond, unbending will; but if I could become possessed of her, I really believe that I should worship her-should become her slave. This is a moat uncomfortable state of affairs, by Jove I I must acknowledge that my last move was a childish one, and it is still a mystery who came forward so opportunely upon Miss Tremayne's be half. After getting Dudley out of the way, I ought to have succeeded, and will succeed yet 1" He thought in silence for a while, but was presently disturbed by the entrance of a servant, bearing a letter. He tore off the envelope, saying briefly as he read the hastily written scrawl it contained : "Admit him." One minute and a little old man in a suit of rusty black was shown into his presence, and the servant retired. "Well, Vincent," demanded the duke. "How are things progressing gene rally ?" "I have surprising news for you, my lord. This is the first time I have seen you since your new honors, and permit me to congratulate you." The duke frowned. "A certain amount of familiarity between us is admissible, Vincent," he said; "but I will not attempt to define the limits. Yourown good sense shonuld be the best judge." His visitor fiushed slightly. "Perhaps you have no further use for me, my lord 1' he suggested. "If so I will retire, though I can ill afford to lose a patron now." "I did not say that-I did not say that. Well, Vincent, what is the nature of this surprising news ?" "In the first place, there is no reason for me to come here in this absurd dis guise. The Countess- of Lytte has dis charged me." "H'm I How did that occur l" t "She objected to my prying ways, be cause she surprised me in examining her private escritoire in which she had inad vertently left her keys. I admit that it was not artistic upon.my part to permit myself to be surprised, hut the fact re mains that I was. She thereupon told me that she had-no further use for sneaks, and I have been her sneak for.twenty years I Such a remark positively cut me to the quick. I am a very sensitive man, and I am out of regular employment. She went so far as to say that the young earl had never liked me, and that when he re turned home she had no doubt he would suit himself. There's gratitude for you." Vincent wiped away an imaginary tear, and continued "But I'llbe even- with her. She's got a host to contend with when she gets my back up. I quite expected that. you, also, would.have no further use for me, my lord; with all these new. and grand responsibilities and honors thurat upon you, so I am' going to hunt up Lord Lytte, if he's in- the-land of.the living, and just show him-what sortof a-woman his mother is." The duke eyed him long and keenly. "Is that all you have to say $" he de manded. "Yes, my lord, unless, you have quite abandoned, the business that interested you so much a month or so since." "You mean that you, are ready to ac:ept service of mel" 1' "Willingly, my lord. I cari't live on air." "No I Well, I owe you a trifle already, and I have not abandoned the business you speak of. It is, in point of fact, more interesting to me than ever. You are a shrewd man, Vincent, so I shall not attempt to deceive you. If you find Lytte, and betray his mamma,.there will be _a reconciliation between the lovers. That will not suit me. I must make Marian Tremayne the Duchess of Med ford-I have abandoned the folly of revenge-I am infatuated with her more than ever-the chase only adds to my ardor. I must make her my wife, and then you can tell the earl just what you please. I.Ishall be glad to see her lady ship humbled, for she has given me a few snubs in her time. Now;, see here, Vincent; if I take you exclusively into my employ, in what capacity shall it be 1" . !As.xalet.:_.It .willafford,.better op portunities for.quiet talks." ".As valet and sneak I" smiled his lord ship. "Vincent made a- deprecatory move ment. "I dislike .the, word sneak, ny lord," he' cried. "I will act as your secretary if you like- anything." "And not pry into -your -master's affairs, eh P" Mr Vincent's face assumed an injured expression. " Well." the duke, continued, "your duties commence at once, and you need not come here again in that guise. I shall expect you to-morrow morning. Have-you kept an eye upon Woodbine Cottage of late, in the interest of the countess I" "Yes,. my lord, and in your interest," chuckled Vincent. "The cottage is empty, and the bird flown. The younger sister is dead-gave birth to a child, I understand-and Miss Marian has gone away-taken the child with her-and assumed the name of Mrs Temple." "By Jove l" exclaimed the duke. " Where has she gone to I Where is she living, and how l' "Giving lessons in music at Brox bourne. 1 was down there last weekand she saw me, too I was just in the mood to tell her everything, only she jumped up with-a-acream-at sight of me.- --People round there think that she is a widow, and that the baby is her own." ' By.Jove l" again exclaimed the duke. "I cannet help admiring her more and more. What spirit and pluck she has, to be sure. Vincent, lam much obliged to you. You are sure that there's no news of Lord Lytte-that he has not written to the countess I" "Not a word. She's repenting at last -she is a broken down woman." " Then we must make hay while the sun shines. There must be no reconcilia tion. In some way I must pose before Miss -Tremayne as a modern knight errant. I must obliterate the evil impression that I have made. I will devote my life and soul to wiir that woman I will resort to any means, and a fortune shall be spent, if needful. Now, Vincent, we must sum up the exact position, and devise some pretty and poetical scheme. I have the entire field to myself, and if I dont' win I deserve to be horse whipped." " And if the poetry, etc., doesn't answer, my lord I" inquired Vincent. "I'll try it I I'll succeed, Vincent ! If my advances are checked as they were before, by Jove I I'll abduct her-I'll I'll carry away my future duchess by force, as amorous knights did in the old days l" He laughed lazily, but there was a fiery determination in his eye.- :He had tried to hate Marian, and failed. ,;He was now half crazed with love for her. CH&PTER; XXIX. THOE onrs a .& HTW OHsICTER. Dr Allbright kept his word. On the Saturday morning following Msrian's visit to Cranleigh Fields she received an open cheque for one hundred .pounds drawn in her favour on a London bank. It was signed by the doctor himaself, but he explained that it was the safest way of sending the money his manager had paid in advance. "Oh, how good he is," murmured the happy girl. "I can now pay Dr Hunt, and buy baby some new clothes. The poor little thing has been neglected shamefully." Then she and Maggie had a long con sultation as to the necessary purchases, and in the afternoon Marian went to London to cash her cheque, and spend a small portion of t'2e money. She had to go to the Bond-street branch of the City Bank, and rode thence from Bishopsgate in an omnibus. She entered the bank, her heart flutter ing wildly, all kinds of fears rising lest the cashier might ask some awkward questions before giving her the money. If he refused payment for some reason, the disappointment would be terrible, for she was almost penniless, and only a week previously had been obliged to send Maggie to the pawnbroker's with -some valuables. There was a number of well-dressed gentlemen at the counter, for she had arrived a little after three o'clock, when the cashiers were very busy receiving and paying away huge piles of gold, and bundles of crackling notes. They made way for the palefaced girl, and when she stood before the cashier, and handed in her cheque, he glanced at her sharply. "Endorse it on the back," he said, "if you are Mrs Temple; it is made payable to bearer." A pen was handed to her by some one i at her side, and she wrote the name ] "Mrs Temple," nervously, her trembling I fingers evidently making the cashier suspicious. He turned the cheque over two or three times, saying - "Are you Mrs Temple I" "Yes," replied Marian, firmly, and conscious that at least a dozen pairs of eyes were fixed upon her. The cashier gave a dissatisfied grunt, I and stepped into the manager's office. In one minute he was back, and pushing the I cheque to her, said, sharply "We prefer not paying this unless you 1 can get some one to identify you." "" ut who can I bring ?" she asked, in 1 dismay. "One of our customers, or if that is impossible get Mr Allbright to write to. i us saying that you are the proper person I to receive payment." With a sinking heart Marian was turn- I ing away from the counter when a gentle- 1 man near her spoke. "Ah I Mr er-Moss, I know this lady very well. Here, I will endorse the cheque. myself. Pay it, if you please; there is a goods fellow." There was no mistaking that lazy drawl, the high-bred musical tones; the speaker was the Duke of Medford, and, almost before Marian realised what was taking place, the cheque was taken out 1 of her hand, endorsed by the duke, and the money in gold and notes handed to her in a small canvas-bag, which the cashier respectfully and obligingly su2-. plied. Miarian heard: the clerk address Mr Vansitart as "your. grace," and she glanced up at him quickly to " see :that _she had not been mistaken. No, it was the man she had known as Mr Vansitart-the Honorable Frederick Vansitart-and her face burned with a fiery glow under his quizzical stare. He followed her out of the bank, and walked beside her for a few yards along Bond-street before speaking. ' You must pardon my interference, Miss Tremayne," he said, at last," but I saw that you were in a temporary difficulty, and there was only one way out of it. I spoke the truth, too, did I not?" "I have to thank you, sir, for helping me as you did," she replied, scarcely knowing what to say in her present confusion. . 4Haad he noticed that the cheque was made out to Mrs M. Temple ? Of course he had heard what the cashier had said, he had been standing there all the while "Don't thank me-don't," he. said, sorrowfully. "I have to begyour pardon a thousand times for the wrong 1 have done you and yours. Hear me, Miss Tremayne-or Mrs Temple-which name shall I usel We have both made a change lately I am now the 'Duke of Medford I Congratulate me, Miss Marian." He spoke laughingly, and Marian felt her spirits reviving. This man had sworn to be her bitterest, her most implacable foe. He was not acting like an enemy now. "I have adopted the nameof Temple it is an old servant's name-for business purposes. As Mrs Temple I command more respect and confidence among my pupils." She spoke in her old, clear, rich tones. "I am glad to hear of your good for tune, your grace." "Oh, don't," he laughed. "If there are two words I detest more than others, they are 'your grace' 1 won't let my friends or even intimates use them. I prefer 'your lordship,' or 'my lord' a thousand times. I guessed that Mrs Temple was merely a professional name, and am really very glad that it is nothing worse." Nothing worse 1 What did he mean I " I must take an. omnibhs here," Marian said, as they reached the end of the street. " Yes. Where are you going to I" " Bishopegate." He hailed an omnibus, saw her care fully inside, and to her astonishment took a seat beside her. But. that .perhaps meant nothing. He might be going the same way himself. Although she suggested this to herself, she did not believe it, and she felt .some what annoyed, for she had quite forgotten the purchases she had intended making. Still, his manner was in no way offen sive. For a few minutes they rode in silence, and the duke was thoughtfully engaged in caressing his moustache, a happy, gratifed smile playing about Ihis mouth the while. I want you to say that you forgive me, Miss Tremayne," he whispered, at last. " I have not known a hIappy mu mentsince you dismissed.me with such 5mm. That wretched sale was none of my doing-I swear it. I did not know that my man of business had laken strin gent proceedings, and would rather have chopped off my fingers than given you one hour's sorrow!" " I do not think it is wise to refer to these things," Marian said, coldly. "It can do no possible good." " It will do me a world of good only to know that I am forgiven," was the almost passionate reply. "Remember that lam not altogether to blame.. I loved you, Miss Tremayne, and was horribly dis appointed when you sent me away, for your papa had made me feel sure of you. He even said that you cared for me.' " It was ails wretched mistake, your grace, and will ever be a dark blot on that unhappy page of my life," Marian replied, steadily and earnestly. " I think that we both said things in the heat of the moment that we shall ever regret, and I freely forgive anything that you may have said or done while your temper had escaped control." The duke. was visibly affected, and there was a tremor in his voice. "I committed the sin, Miss Tremayne, of loving you with my whole heart. Pray do not look distressed, for I have no in tention of tbothering you now: I would not wound you by word or thought for worlds. I wish to ask you how your father is progressing, and why-why you wear these things - why are you in mourning 1" Marian's lips quivered. "My sister Lilian is :dead," she said, simply; then turned away to hide the rush of tears that came into her eyes. "I am shocked," murmured the duke, sympathetically, "simply shocked." "My father is very well," Marian con tinued, presently. "And the doctor thinks that he will ultimately recover his reason." "That is happy news-very happy news! It cuts me to the quick to know that I had something to do with hastening his attack; but believe me, Miss Tre mayne, it would have come, sooner or later. His opera was of no earthly use except inthehandsofanexperiencedman." The omnibus stopped, and the non ductor yelled "Bishopsgate." "I alight here," said Marian. "You will let me see you into the-aw -train I" the duke questioned. "It is not safe, really, for you to travel alone with so much money. One never knows who is watching one's movements, and carelessness in displaying money, causes more crime than anything else on earth." He helped her from the omnibus, and esoearted her to the waiting-room. He inquired what time the next train left for Broxbourne, and to his delight discovered that they had-half an hour to wait. "No train due for about thirty minutes," he said. "Would you like to sit a little nearer to the fire ?" "No, thank you. I am warm enough." The duke wandered about for a few minutes, pretending to read the pictorial advertisements on the walls, then came and sat near her. "There is one thing I had almost for gotten, IMiss Tremayne," he said, almost diffidently, and he took from his pocket book an envelope addressed to herself at Woodbine Cottage. It had passed through the post, and was marked by the, officials "gone away." "I sent this to you two weeks ago, but it was returned through the dead letter office. It is only a receipt to give to your father when he is able to under stand it. The knowledge of any debt might prey upon his mind, and retard his recovery, and I ask you in return never to tell him of the arbitrary action of my lawyer. I am heartily ashamed of it." Inside the envelope was a sheet of notepaper hearing the following in the duke's handwriting: "HonRAce TREAiYNE, Esq.-Dear Sir, -I have pleasure in returning to you your 1 0 U's, amounting to two thousand pounds, and, at the same time, acknow ledge with thanks the receipt of value for same." Three or four I 0 U's were pinned, to this. - "But you have not received full value," Marian said. "I have received ten times the value in your forgiventes," was the earnest, nay. passionate reply. "When I lentyour father the money-nay, gave it to him-I knew that it would never come hack to me in kind. Miss Tremayne, I have acted the coward's part, and I despise myself." His emotion nearly overcame him. "If I can help your father -if I can help you-tell me. Do notlet us part to meet no more-do not let me lose your friendship." "I am sure that I value yours now," Marian replied, honestly, and looking at him with a new light in her clear eyes. " We may meet again in happier times, my lord, and I am sorry that I have mis judged you." "Will you permit me to visit your father I" he asked, after a . minute's silence. "I will not inflict myself upon you-but tell me where your father is. lam sure that afriend would cheer him." He looked so anxious at her that Marian was visibly touched. There could be no harm in his calling at Dr Hunt's house. If her father was not in a fit state to receive visitors, the doctor would tell the duke so. She gave him the address he required, and he thanked her with real gladness in tones and expression. He saw her safely seated in the train, shookhandswithher, and, when the engine gave its warning whistle, and the great wheels began to revolve, he took off his hat, and bowed her farewell. Marian could think of little else but the Duke of .Medford on her way home. How sincere, how genuine were his regrata; how quiet and gentlemanly, how respectful his demeanor; how kind and considerate his every action Surely no man had ever been more misjudged than heI She was glad of the meeting now; in deed, what would she have done other wise She was glad to think that this enemy of her dreams was but a myth that he was no enemy at all, but an ear nest friend. Yes, it had been a very plea sant meeting, and she was glad of it very glad. (To be Continued). 