Books on Australia. One of the most eccentric books on Aus tralia came (says our Melbourne corres pondent) from Greensbourg, in Pennsyl vania, some years ago, It was called "A Olmroonl Sketch,” by- Frank Cowan, and was, -written in Abb, stylo of Walt, ..‘Whitman’s, poems, and with' an abundance of know ledge and no small ability. Hero is , what he says of “The Great South Land, in ibr totality and ultimate divisibility”!— “Tlio largest of the fragments of the bro ken and dissevered' continent of Austral asia." , • — \- “An area approximately Iddney-shaped, “About tho size of, Undo Sara’s domain from sea to sea • , - “Astride tho bne of Oaprisorn, S “Half in tho Torrid Zmo and half in ; tho South Temperate' ; ’I ; “An almost rainless deHert-bowl,. irre gularly rimmed and ridged with medioeral mountains ; raiu-condeuaing, - forest , clad,” “An Ausfxal Great Sahara'Pesort, fringed ami ridged and flecked niid fringed,. with. Atlas mountains, Aspen Oasis, Nile Valley and Algerian Toll!’’ Very striking 1 , if somewhat spasmodic, are the passagUin which ho speaks of two of the itsfi of our Australian poets “The ghost, of Gordon galloping upon a 1 hnntorn favorite ; tho bright white moon light entering the hole made by a' self directed bullet through his skull, and stream ing out a stream of spirit burning blue ; tho while on echo of tho beating of his heart is heard within tho haunting rhymes! “And spectral shades of sin and -crime, hulk-smelling, fetter-galled, donionhood i>cd ; enough to demonize another Dante— HeM! “And scintillating over aud amid the phantom forms, the hammcrllush of Henry Kendall ; Ataistor Saga-Smith of Austral dem ; his stithy in.tho bush beneath a fire charred stringy bark; his bellows’ blast the buster and brickficlder, and the ghastly: glowing iron taking beauteous shape be neath his measured blows, or this or that,’ a brother murdered in a far-off sultry sum mer, rimmed with tho under-cloud and red with forest fires." , A kinsman slaughtered on “the windless downs ; blue, gloaming like n sea of molten stool!” A not : inconsiderable, library might bo formed of books which have been written about tho colony by French, German aud Italian visitors tuul residents. A volume of this class was published in Milan a few years ago by one Achilla Davaimle, who spent twenty of the best years of his life in Vic toria, tried a variety of occupations, lost the small capital lie brought with him, was unfortunate in everything Jig undertook, and went back to his native city of Borgenno, a disappointed and disillusioned man. The most curious thing in the book js its nar rative of the change which occurred in his political opinions while ho was resident among us. in Italy.ho had been ah ardent Republican of tho Mnzzininn stamp, -and he emigrated to Victoria expecting to find his fondest aspirations realised. His career in tho colony was full of variety and vicissi tude. He ivent first of all to one of tho goldfields, was successively digger, store keeper and 'mounted policeman, planted a vineyard, tried his hand at farming, and' finally drifted bock , to Melbourne, where ho established himself as a teacher of lan guages, Then ho received news of a small property having been bequeathed to him at Bcrgonno, and Went home to sit in the shadow of his own vino and fig tree. “I left Italy a Republican,” ho says, “and I return to it a Royalist.” Ho speaks very highly of Melbourne ond of tho resources of tho colony, and admires the energy, in dustry and natural- well being of our popu lation, “But,” ho-saj’S, “the great barrier to our prosperity is our Legislature 1; Iff this wore shut up for seven years,” ho writes,, “and the government of the colony were en trusted to the Queen’s representative, as sisted by a Supremo Council, composed of n dozen of tho loading citizens of the coun try, its progress would be such as to as tonish the world." ’ Perhar-s ho is not al together singular in tins belief. 