Our Departments ! XII. — Order of Crusaders. For Bome time past it has been borne in upon our mind that notwithstanding the nurneroup agencies at work within ?our Church, the ' YOUNG MAN PROBLEM ' has not yet been solved. Throughout New South Wales crowds of young men and young women are to be found within our churches. They fill our choirs, attend our church socials, and a . lew of them join our C. E. Societies, but everywhere it is felt to be exceed ingly difficult to get them soundly ?converted and interested in the spiritual work of the Church. ' If the young men of Sydney are to be reached, it must be through the joung men themselves.' So said a veteran to us the other day. And he was right. Special sermons to young men are being ?everywhere tried ; as a result, interest in religion is created, and occasionally a _young fellow is saved. But it is not on that line the problem is to be satis factorily solved. We have tried another method, and it has been owned of God in so remark able a manner that we are led to give the readers of the Methodist the benefit of Our Experimet ; On the principle of setting a thief to ?catch a thief, we some three months since considered various schemes for getting our Christian young men on the track of their unconverted friends. At last the idea of an Order of Crusaders struck us, and we resolved to work out that idea. The result has already exceeded our best hopes. We called together the young men connected by membership with the Mission, and explained to them our thought. Firot, the necessity for absolute self- surrender to Christ as the sine qua non for successful cross bearing and service a s soul winners. Second, the importance of combination for the purpose of mutual encouragement. The necessity for concentration of effort. This was an age of specialists. Let ?Christian young men but realize that their Special Call ?was to seek to bring other young men to Christ, and the keynote of a glorious success would at once be struck. The result of much prayer and thought was the preparation of a ' Crusaders Covenant,' ?which all who desired to join the band -would be expected to sign. That ?covenant we give at the foot of this note for the benefit of any who desire to adopt our method. It should be mentioned that we de cided upon two branches. One each for young men and young women. Though only in operation a few weeks, we have already over sixty earnest young men, and between twenty and thirty young women enrolled. And ?right nobly they are fulfilling their .pledge. One acknowledged reason why so many young fellows have been con verted during the recent month's mis sion is that so much consecrated effort jhas been put forth by the Crusaders. From our heart we thank God for the thought that has led to the starting of this new departure. We can see untold possibilities of good in this work. Only get our young people ' set on fire for service' among their youthful com panions and friends, and we may hope for results far more permanent and blessed than those that gathered around the Crusaders' efforts of the thirteenth century. In addition to ' The Covenant,' we venture to append a few plain rules that we have had printed on the back of our cards of membership for the guidance of the band. Any further information we shall be glad to supply to such as may contemplate a similar departure : — Crusaders Covenant. 'Recognising that, as believers in and followers of our Lord Jesus Christ, we are personally called to a service of cross-bearing and self-sacrifice, arid rejoicing in the great honour conferred upon us by our Master, in that we are allowed to carry His name and engage in His service ; and furthermore real ising that success in the holy warfare | against sin and in soul-winning can I only be achieved by such as are fully surrendered to the will of their Lord : — 'I, the undersigned, desire to enter into a Sacred Covenant with my Lord j and Master, to give myself, without | reserve, 10 the special work of seeking j to bring the young men of this city j into the fold of our Loving Shepherd, j 'I promise to be on the daily look out i for young men, whom I may, by example j and kindly word, influence to become ! followers and disciples of our Lord. j ' I furthermore resolve to invite to the j spiritual services of the Central Mission j (or to some other Christian church), j and generally to watch over and help I any young men who appear to be seeking I for the truth as it is in J esus. j ' I enter into this Hoiy crusade of j sympathy and service, believing that I f-uch a brotherhood will be for the glory ' of our Lord and for the advancement of ! His Kingdom of Peace. 'I promise that I will endeavour to j attend a special monthly meeting of ! Crusaders, at which gathering reports j of service will be presented, and fresh j zeal and anointing be sought for to i enable us to prove worthy of this our j high calling and hope. 'My trust for guidance and for success j is placed in the all- loving Father of all j men— in Jesus Christ, the only Saviour j of our race — and in the Holy Ghost, the j Quickener, without whose perpetual j illumination and strengthening our best efforts can but meet with failure. ' Praying for daily strength to fulfil this my Covenant, I hereby attach my signature, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' Notes. 1\. It has Jbeen decided to invite young men of other congregations to unite with us in this Holy Crusade, the under standing being that the members of the band shall work for the Churches with which they are in fellowship. 2\. The first Saturday night Conse cration Meeting, and the first Sunday Morning Class, in each month, will be considered as Crusaders' meetings. 3\. Each Crusader is expected to pray daily for all members of the band.; 4\. Each member is urged to read over the form of covenant, on his knees before God, at least twice every week. I 5\. New Crusaders can be enrolled at ! any time. j ?========== i 