WAYS OF THE WORLD. By BOVET. Pharos in tlie Ivanowna Gold Mines Com pany -were lately up to 25/, but during the last week or two have been down to 2d. At an extraordinary meeting of share holders it was decided to sell the ma chinery and pay" the company's debts; £2.915, most of which had been guaran teed by the chairman of directors. Though many experts had reported favourably on the property, it has so far proved to be valueless.—"The Argus" mining report. THE OLD, OLD STORY. Tlirv "boosted" up to twenty-five, and whispers went around I That, just outside a week or so, they'd sure to rise a pound; They steadied for a day or two, and then they got the "pip," And dawn to fourteen, four, and half, they made a sudden trip. They "recovered"' just ft shilling, then they "wobbled" in the hall, J'he bears got hugging them again, and squeezed mother fall; riiey slumped to just a dollar, with a rattle in their throat, Another plunge to rearward, and were quoted at a groat. A further trip to "tuppence," and they never smiled again, Then a melancholy meeting, with but little to explain, Except that all was over, and Kanownas were a drug, And nothing but the ghost was left, for wicked hears to hug. 'Twas very strange, the chairman said, for many experts had Reported on Kanownas, "not a little hit too had;" They viewed the mine with favour, and they wrote in rosy hue. But the "colour of the roses" had, now turusd to "butchers' blue." Then the chairman closed (lie shutters, and wiped a passing tear. And the melancholy serippers saw their venture oil its bier; The undertakers lioisicd it, and bore it through the door, To l"iu's farm at Wenibee—Kanownas are no more; The Empress Frederick lias been visiting J>-ord and Lady Hopetoun, at Hopetoun hcuse. Captain Tatton Willoughby and Mi. Agnew lialslon wereof the house party. The two young sons of our ex-Governor— Lord Mope and the Hon. Charles Mel liourne Hope—bonny boys now—were pre sented to the Empress. Lord Hopetoun's sisters, Ladies Dorothea and Estella, are still giving their minds to breeding Shet-i land ponies at Great Ilollcnden, but, al- ■ though they get good prices for their stock, they do not make any profit. One of their j ponies is only thirty inches high, a little bigger than a St. Bernard dog. The attractive sight at the M.C.C.G. on Saturday was not the great wheel race, but the immense number of handsome, well built, neatly-dressed girls, " fresh as the ocean's breath," sweet-mannered, unaf fected, and lady-like, who came to enjoy, and did enjoy, the outing. These are the salt of the colony, never met with on the Block. Would that Professor Rentoul had been present to see the other side of the shield. The amusing incident at the Austral was the friendly way the notice forbidding bet ting was treated. It got just the same amount of respect that the time- honoured legend, " Smoking Prohibited," does at our railway stations. The bookmakers cer tainly did not carry their bags, but they had their clerks with them. They com menced business in hoarse whispers, and took the money furtively. But later on, when competition increased, they could he heard shouting the odds all over the ground. As there is nothing to pay for betting, there were amateur bookmakers in dozens. These artists paid their wagers so long as fortune of war kept to their side. When it changed, they folded their books, like lie Welshers, and as silently stole away. Two hundred guineas for a waistcoat seems a pret-tv stiff price, and' one shud ders to think of the tailor's bill for the entire suit. The vest was a "sky- coloured one," worn "by Charles I. at his ""positively final appearance" in front of Whitehall a little while ago. A curious point about the vest is that while there are 13 button holes there are only 12 buttons; and an examination shows that the 13th button hole has never been used, so that the button must have been removed before the vest was worn by the King, and upon that portion is now the largest stain of blood. This sale of belongings to historical per sonages may be the beginning of big trade in relics. The shake-down Richard III. rolled about on when he saw the ghosts would fetch money, so would the Johnny cakes King Alfred burned, and the shells of the first oyster eaten by man. Coming nearer home, a few &heets; of paper headed "Last will and testament," with the signa ture "James Tyson" at the foot, would be worth a pound or two. Anyone who has lately taken the air; along the banks of the Upper Yarra that! winds its way past the old site of Brander's Ferry and along by Baths Corner, exciting turning corner in many a boat race, must wonder for a moment "where 'e are." From Botanical-gardens bridge a fair idea of the alterations and addition can now be ob-; tained, Government-bouse bill and house making a good solid background. At pre-) sent the perfume is not all that could be ■wished, and it would be well if Mr. David- j son could see his way to having a strainer' placed somewhere about the Friendly Socie- J ties' gardens, in order to prevent the; passing of decaying dogs and cats, human; odds and ends, &e.; The main promenade has been uicely christened "Boulevard Taverner." This certainly has a French, twang, but why not go on? "Champs Ely sees Isaac Isaacs," "Rue de Saint George Turner," "L'Avenue Duffy" and "Qnartier Best" sound simply ravishing. The Church of England never needed to pray for rain more than at this moment, for the drought has come to her very doors. The paddocks round St. Paul's Cathedral, Swanston-street, are suf fering terribly, and any moment a thoughtless match might cause a I bush fire, like the heathen, to furiously! rage. What should be a pleasant green ! oasis in the heart of the city is now a hideous and unsightly waste. To labour is to pray. Could not the congregation, headed by the Bishop, form itself iuto a "Watering and Mowing Bee?" Half an hour's work before service on Sunday mornings would remove the reproach and confound the wicked. 