The Wishing-tree. By Ruby Whittell. Rita had been reading a wonderful story of Father Christmas and Yule Tide fairies and all sorts of delightful things, and her little golden head was in a dreamy maze of Christmas trees aud sprites aud presents. And as she sat under a shady coral tree in her blue dress and great white sun bonnet, her pink cheeks grew pinker wirh excitement aud her blue eyes sparkled, for she had a most delicious idea. Marguerite isaruurd was an only daughter. Some people said she was spoilt, because the father and mother and big brother Denis all thought so much of their Jittle girl, and seemed always to be trying to give her pleasure in some way or another. But they were not very well off, anil the pleasures had to be simple, and mauy little things were gone without. Uita longed for one of those gorgeous little jewel caskets one buys in the Strand at one of the Oriental shops — it is true she had not much jewellery to put in it— a string of quoug- dongs, a Venetian bead, and a very pretty Florentine brooch ; but her heart louged for one. Denis had no bicycle. He said he could save ever so much in fares if he had ; besides, it was his great ambition to own one. Such a hopeless ambition it seemed, for the utmost he coula manage was to hire one for an hour or two every Saturday after noon. But lately on these December Saturdays ho had not even done this. He 6aid it was ' too jolly hot.' Eita had looked at him suspiciously when tie said it first. She was a thoughtful little maiden for 10, aud decided that it was not the heat, but saving up for Christmas presents which kept him from his beloved bicycle. Perhaps he was tninking of a new parasol for mother, dear boy. A few weeks before this hot December Thursday Kita had invested a, shilling in a bicycle art union. It was quite a secret, not even Mrs. Barnard knew ; aud oh ! now she treasured the Binall green ticket, and its number — 3490— she never forgot. The re sults were to be announced on Christinas Day, a week ahead, and Rita felt that the time would never came when she should know whether or no she had won a bicycle i:-v Denis. She thought of scarcely anything else ; it ouie in her dreams, aud 3190 seemed to stand out in great blazing figures and shut out everything else. Then she read the tale which excited her so. It was about a wonderful wishing tree — a great pine, which grew in tbe middle of a forest and towered nearly to the sky. Aud if anyone wanted a thing very, very much and went to the wishiug tree alone at midnight on Christmas Eve and wished three times, they would Lave what they wanted ; only they must not say a word of it to a soul. If they weie not secret ovei it the charm would be spoilt aud the wish not granted. And this was the idea which made Rita's heart glow, aud brought the colour lo her pretty soft cheeks. Surely any wishing tree would do, and she could ask that her art union ticket should win the bicycle for Denis. At first she thought of the wishing-tree in the Botanical Gardens in Syduey, but then she remembered the gates would be shut at midnight. Besides — well, tbe gardens were a very long way from Woollahra, and somehow she did not fancy she would have dared to go all that way alone at midnight, no, not even for Denis's bicycle. Then she thaught of an old empty mansion about a mile away, with a wild, im inense garden, with a great pine-tree in it, which Kita had often n-ticei aud heard of as a wishing ttee. ' It will be an awful thing to do,' she thought, rather frightened at the idea, and for a moment she wondere 1 if she were btave enough. Midnight is always a rather eerie time, and on Christmas Eve more so thau ever. Beside *, it was a lonely old place this Naud iuree, aud its owners only came to town during the winter, and in summer it was shut up and left to the care of an old gardener aud his wife, who lived id a little lodge at the great gates, which were kept locked. ?'It will be an awful thing to do,' Kita thought again. Then she threw back her head with a little brave toss and felt a great resolve rise in her heart that she would be c .urageous. If wishing could get Denis a bicycle, then she would not spoil it through ? being a coward. ****** Christmas Eve came, and lliia was in a perfect little frenzy of excitement aud dread, and hope, aud fear. She had her presents for father and mother ready — a drawu-thread tea-cloth of her own work and a very wonderful ' Ode to Father,' which she had composed herself and printed in red, green, and violet ink, aud tied up with white bebe ribboo. But Denis's present depended on the wishing- tree's power. Rita had not the faintest doubt in it herself, if only she managed to get there at the exact moment of miduight. ?* You are a little, fidget,' laughed Denis, when for the eighth time after tea she asked if it were bed time. ' You're not generally so anxious about bed. Come and have a game of tennis ; it's not dark yet. We can see the balls, I fancy.' Thny were sittiug oi the verandah which was gay with the sweet pink flowers 3f Ciu-stnias bush, and there was a £ool harbour-born breeze playing among the slender green of tne pampis grass with a little ' whisning ' sound. Rita took the racquet meekly which Deuis held ou) , aud they ran off to the little teuuis court near, aud the baAU flew over the net one after another, aud there was a great deal of ' love ' and '? fifteen all' aid 'game,' but never had Rita played so cirelessly. The truth was. though she was deter mined to go to the wishiug-tree at midnight, she was pitifully nervous about it. If only she could have told someone ! But of course secrecy was the chief rule. At last Denis threw down his racquet impatiently. ' You are au idiot at teunie,' he exclaimed. ' You can't play a bit. v Then more kiudly. ' Well, uever mind, old girl, I expect yuu're tired.'7 How could one help feeling kind at Christmas time, when everything seems to breathe ' Peace on earth, goodwill to men ? ' And Deuis felt a little lump in his pocket with much satisfaction, and thought of Rita's delight when she should know what it was. Then came Rita's bed lime, aud she went off, woudering how she would keep awake till half-past 1 1 —three hours and a hilf .' In the end she slept before she knew, lying dressed on her bed. Then, just as the hall clock chimed the half hour after 11 she awoke. It was strange, but something seemed to -*npf-i L«i to t waken, and with a quaking heart and her cheeks a'l pale in theghostly inooulight, Uita crept softly ou ' of her window, tip- toed along the verandah, and /cached the gate without even the wee dog Bobby n-/'ciug. Then away, along the wide lonely road, with the gum trees casting weird shadows ou the mooniii road— such a shrinking little figure that trembled aL every souud and looked fearfully round at every stej. At last Naudouree appeared, a great black mass v. ' shadowy trees, and against the stars towered the pn tree— the wish ing-tree. Rita gave a little gasx 'id hurried on. Si.e kuew the gates would be 1ock-. ' but she was lithe and could climb over. And, iu.'leed, in a miuute she had scaled the tall iron gates, 'vud was inside. The moment she was a great diead, a t, -eed feeling, a fear almost too great to be borne filled her heart ; then with a strong effort the child called her courage back, and went into the gloomy mysteiious garden — on andou, till she stopped under thie black shadow of the tvishing-tiee ; and then she almost sauk down in nameless terror. The chill of midnight was on her heart. Then desperately TOMMY TRANSFERS THE GAS PROM BOBBY'S TOV-BALLOON TO HIS FOOT-UALI. WITH THE ABOVE RESULT. AND RUSHING ON THF. FIELD MAKlif A SUPCRB OKOI'-KICK finale! ftita composed herself, and a quavering voice she scarcely knew as her own broke the stillupss and seemed to waken a thousand echoes. ' I wish to win the bioycle for Denis.' Then she looked re und half expecting to see a little host of fairies, aud started as she saw a pair of opalescent green eyes glaring out of the darkness. It was only a cat, however, and Rita drew a breath of relief. Once more she laid her soft hands ou the rough old tree, and once more she said, ' I wish to win the bicycle for Denis.' She was in the middle of it for the third and last time when the woids died in her throat aud she felt as though she must scream aloud. A step sounded among the trees ; it came quite near, and Father Christmas went by — the long cloak, the mistletoe, the hoary beard all complete ! Poor little Rita clung to the tree terri fied. She had been reading so much of ghosts and fairies and things in the various Christmas annuals lately that she was in a very fanciful, nervous state. Then as he disappeared she managed to jerk out the rest of her wish—' bicycle for Dems,' and turned from the tree, her errand finished. Then Rita simply stood transfixed. There, coming towards her was a white, transparent figure — a ghost, just as eerie-looking as any in the annuals, coming with quick gliding movement ! Rita screamed and fled— fled towards the gate, stumbling— breath- less — terrified. Once she glanced over her shoulder. The ghostly figure was following with quickeued glide. At last Rita's cold, trembling hands felt the iron gates. She tried to spring up them, but her strength was gone, and she sank to the giouud, striking her head with unpleasant force against the gate - unconscious. ****** Rita opened her eyes in bewilderment. Strauge dim figures moved about % strange dim room, and surely that was Father Christmas sitting at the side of the sofa she was lying on. Through the open window Kita could see the red glare of the rising sun. Altogether there was a bewildering mixture of unreality and reality about it all, and she turned in nervous desperation to the other dark figure sitting near. A little soft hand caught hers with a familiar touch, and mother's voice said gently as she bent over her darliug, '? Awake, Rita ? ' Aud Kita threw her arms round her neck with one of the biggest sighs of relief that ever was breathed, and the sun poured in at the window. It was a large, unknown room, and Father Christ mas bent to Riti, saying kindly in a boyish voice : ' Arc you all right now, little girl Y ' Aud then weut out. saying to Mrs. Barnard, ' I'll tell the others.'' Rita stared after him in perplexity. Then turned to her mother questioningly. ' We are at Nandouree, dear,' Mrs. Baruard ex plained. ' Keep quite quiet and I will tell you all . about it, little dariing. But first tell me what were you doing in the Nandouree grounds at midnight. Were you walking in your sleep ? Oh, Rita, what a fright we have had.' Aud the poor little mother's tears trickled through her fingers, for Ehe had been terribly upset. 44 It was the wshing-tree,' said Kita vaguely. Then all the horror of it. the thought of the ghost came once more to her mind, aud she clung to her mother feverishly, and then told her all in little dis connected sentences. Mrs. Barnard listened silently. And afterwards Denis and Mr. Barnard came in and heard the story. ' But why are we at Naudouree ? Aud where is Father Christmas and that awful ghost ? ' asked Rita. Mrs. Barnard sat down, aud Denis kuelt beside his sister. ' You see, dear,' she began, ' the Maystones came back to Naudouree for Christmas, aud the Santa Claus you saw was their eldest sou, who had been helping at a Christmas tree at a house near, and was coming home. As it was so near he left his fancy dress on. Aud the ghost, dear, was only a white-dressed maid, who had stayed up to let him in, aud then was going to sleep at the gate lodge, as her room was being altered. When she saw you, she followed you and found you, poor little darling, unconscious. She knew who you were, aud woke up the lodge-keeper, aud they carried you to the house and wakened Dr. Maystone to ask what they should do. They have been so kind dear ? ' ' It's jolly nice aud considerate of them to go off aad 1st as get our talking OVeTj isn't it ? ' said Deuis. ' Poor old Rita, to think irt- wufuSHded wish for a bicycle should be the cause of all this. Besides, dear, there aren't any wishing-trees now adays.' ' Yes there are,' said Rita obstiuately — her belief was unshaken. ?' See if you don't get your bicycle to-morrow. Go on, mother dear, please.' ' Well, Dr. Maystoue sent for us at once, and we all crnie, for we were so dreadfully anxious and surprised, and could not imagine what had happened.' She did not add that even Denis, for all his 16 years, broke down aud ciied a little when they arrivel at Nandouree and found the poor little limp body lying ou a sofa, with the queer incongruous Santa Glaus near, watching. Dr. Maystone had done all he ci.uld to restore consciousness. Mrs. Barnard watched by her for three long hours, while the eldest boy— Father C iristmas— or Jack Maystone, kept coming iu to try to cheer her, aud 'Mrs. Maystoue was most sympathetic. Then, with the risiug of the Christ mas Day sun, Kita grew conscious. She had not hurt her head very severely after all. and explana tions weie exchanged. She recovered wonderfully quick, and early that oiorniug trie Barnard family were driven home iu the Mayntoue phaeton, very much relieved, aud Rita quite sure that wishiug trees were more bother out of fairy tales than in them, but still certain the bicycle would come. Aud iu the paper she eagerly opened the very first thing her eyes lighted ou was the result, and— yes, 3490 won the bicycle ! Such a squeal of delight she gave. She did not sound much like au invalid, and she simply flung the paper to Denis to let him know the good news too ; and he was quite as excited and delighted. 41 It is all my wising-lree ! ' Rita cried. 4i Oh, it was worth the trouble.*' They never could persuade her that the tickets had beeD drawn before she weut to the wiBhing tree— she Srmly believed m it. Aud though their Christmas Day was necessarily a quieter one than it would have been and the picnic to Lane Cove put off until New Year's Day, perhaps never had they spent a happier one— the relief after the horrible night was so great; aud then Denis's bicycle, though it ot;ly belonged to him ia name so far, was such au event, aud he longed foi the time to cume when he should claim it. He had given the gav jewel casket to Rita, and the Venetian bead and the quong-dongs and the Florentine brooch were put carefully away in it. The Barnards and the Maystones became greit friends after this, and Sanla Claus proved very jolly. 