[?] COMPLETE IN TEIS ISSUE. : .-by WM. RAYNOR. copybioiit. qORAHBalmer J sat in tho par- W jf lour of her K father's house \ at Smartstone |\ in' Torkshire. ' I \ Before herivas; ab.St. \ /r \| nil open- news- si I paper whioh B I had beon . de- / 5®% livored by tho. I iS postman nfow- I "y 't/9 minutes pro-. viousiy. It A'dffliJhvL was the lY '' Wurl'ytvnyo ; (Au s t r a i i a) .1.-=? \ "- - Mercury,, and thorn -vviia rvnn paragraph whioh had beon marked in rbd ink, apparently to call Norah's attention to it. DEATHS. HORN CASTLE.— Oil Saturday, the 8th Sep tember, nt Wurrywayo, John Stuart Horn- csstlo, aged 22 years, o£ dysuntery, after an 'illness of only two days. Norah stared at tho paper with dry eyes, .her lips drawn .tightly together with an ex pression of ' inward agony on hor face. . Then nature cumo to hor roliof; and sho sobbed piteously; " Dead !" sho cried. " Oh, my poor, poor Jaok ! -The light of my lifts is blotted out." And it seomod as if she spoko truly. Instead of tho brisk, happy Norah of old, sho became as if by the touch of a magician's wand a plodding, careworn young woman, going about her work in her father's houso without heart, and simply as a matter of duty and routine. . In one short day sho appeared to havo aged tell years. . Norah's fadior- was a grocer, hut his trade was not flourishing. He was a shopkeeper of tho old school; competition hud arisen whioh ho could not copo with ; and that, and an unfortunate tondenoy on his part to drown his cares in tho oup tlmt inebriates, had Eont him on tho downwurd .path. By far his largest creditor was Frank Parkoter, a young man of moans who had succeeded to a good wholesale grocer's business ; and Frank lmd fallen hopelessly in love with Norah Bnlmov s-rltopejessly, bocauso her lieuvt was already givfm torJaok Horncastlo. Frank, however, was ii persistent suitor, and had more than once intimated to old Samuel Balmor that if ho could induce his daughter to accept lum .lie would wipo off all his debts and practically pension the old man off. To do Mr. Bnlmer justice, ho had not, hitherto, pressed Norah on tlio subject. Ho respcotod her love for Jaok, and now that Jaok wus dead, after allowing time for tlio firat passionuto grief to subside, ho gently pat it to her whethor she could not bring herself to marry Frank Parkoter and suvu hor old father and horsolf from 1'uiu. Norah did not care what happened to her, and sho allowed horsolf to bo led liko a lamb to tlie slaughter. Frank Parkoter's and Norah's tastes did not prove to be in onimnon. Fust, fond of a town life, and a littlo given to betting, ho soon got tirod of his haudsoino, qniot wife, and, seeking those pleasures that were con- gonial to liiin, he loft hor at homo to euro for their only child, a girl, Norali. Mrs. Parkoter passively submitted to his neglect ; und when, after six years of wedded lifo, her husband died from tho effects of dissipation, leavinghis affairs so involved that sho wns thrown on tho world -nlinnst penniless, sho applied liorself with quiet fortitudo to tho task of earning bread for herself and her dauglitor. As a mother slio loved lier littlo Norah devotedly, tbougli her life, so to speak, was buried wi'tli Jack Horn- castle. Little Norah was "littlo" no longer. Although only sixteen she was tall, witli ft sedato and pensive expression which gave her an appearance of boing older than sho really was. | Mrs. Parkoter hod oontrived to keep hor daughter aud hersolf by melius of her needle, but hor Bight had latoly been failing, and tho doctor told hor that she must give her eyes a complete rest or sho would very likely gd blind. This seemed impossible, bnt young Norah had set horsolf to learn shorthand and typewriting, and was now trying hard to obtain a situation, so as by her earnings to let her'motlier lurvo tho rest slio required. She answered advertisements and eagerly watched tho postman oil his rounds, hut disappointment had hitherto been her lot. At lust, however, one . morning, tlioro was tlio unusual hut woleomc " rat-tat." "Mothor, motlior!" shooricd. "I'vogotn letter. I am to go and seo tho gontlomun this morning. It's ut tho ' Australian Wool Agenoy ' in Moorgato street." " I pray God you may bo euocessful, my darling." "Oh, I am .snrolshallgot tho place," oriod Norali hopefully." I have a presentiment tlmt I shall." "Ah, child, presentiments, whon they are of good fortuuo, are mostly thoughts born of wishes," replied her mother. "But lot mo look at tho lottor." Norali hnnded her a typewritten note. "Mr. Hornoastle will bo glad if Miss Parkoter will call upon him to- morrow morning at eleven o'olook." " Hdrneustlo !" murmured Mrs. Parkoter. " How difforont it would all hnve beon if poor Jiiok hud not died." "Whnt did you say, mother?" asked Norah. "Nothing, my darling. I wns only think ing;. Tho name of Hornoastle reminded me of . someone whom I know years ago. If tlio name goes for anything in tlio way of good lnok," sho .added, with a ghost of a smile, "yon ought to ho successful. ' ' Norah. anxious not to be Into, arrived in Moorgato street full ten minutes too soon. Tho youth who was in tho officii know lier errand, and tho idea' of this tail, ladylike girl being his fellow- clerk was ourious to him. Ho received her witli a strungo mixture of shy respect and familiarity. "Mr. Horncastlo hasn't come yet, miss," (unsaid. "It's not a market day, you know, and; he's never horo bofore olovou on ' off- days.' " r-.3K-' "Oh, thank you,-)' sho answered timidly. " I will wait." . . "Hero'B a ohair, miss," said tlio clerk, as ho shifted one towurdshor. .."The. guvnor's sure to bo hero at olovon. Ho's awfully punotunl." Tho ton minutes seemed .an ago to Norali, but prooisely us tho- olook in tho Bunk of Eugland olungcd out tho hour tlio office dear was thrown opon, and it fino, broad- shouldered, utlilotio-looking man of about forty yoara of ago, or perhaps a little more, walkort in. Ho glunced at tho girl who was sitting in tho ruiled- in spaco thut did duty, for a waiting-room, nnd, us lie did so, liis face lalod visibly nnd ha stared at hor so fixodly hut sho felt quite oonfuscd. "Ah! You've oallod in answer to my noto, haven't you?" ho said, as ho noticed her rising colour. "I will see you almost immediately— os soon as I have opened my lottors." The letters woro fow and unimportant tlmt morning, and what there were woro quickly thrown usido. But Mr. Horncastlo sat with his chin on his hund in deep thought. "Strange!" ho muttered. "I seleoted her letter out of hundreds bocauso of tho namo of Norah, and slio's tlio very imuge of my poor swoothourt." Thon -lie remembered- thnt the "image " was wuiting, and ho called for her to be shown in. . " iako a Beat, Miss Parketor," ho' said, as ho artfully plaaod a oliair where the light would fau full upon her. " You can uso tho typewriter ?" . . ' Sho wns nervous and trembling. " I havo learnt it, sir," sho replied. " But I— I've not had a situation yet." ' "I see," ho said, smilingly. "And tlio Idea of applying for ono flurries you a littlo. Well, now, supposo yuu. tuko a noto of a lottor iu shorthand und thon typo it at tho maohino, so thut I can soo how you mnnnge it. Take your timo now, and don't bo tpo anxious. I am quite willing to make all allowances for you, " ho added kin dl v. This big; strong geiitlemun was vory' nice mid rousiiuriiig, Norah thought, aud it xave her courago. Sho took tho noto from hi4; '/ dictation and typed it absolutely without v-V / mistake. -../I " That's famously done," he said. And heb S /ite offered hor a wngo which was considerably / ; more than sho lmd expected. . " You dan start to-morrow," ho continued.'.''; ;. " But before you go might I -ask yon a - few questions as to yourself?" '/.'./(/ilV-; Norah crimsoned asi she opened, her littlo satchel. ' ' " ' -. "I quite forgot, sir," sho answered. '('I 'J;;:--': havo a lottor hero ns to my character from- ; >' ' our olergyman and also ono from tho firm that mother has worked for as to our respect- ./ - ability." " I did not mean that," ho replied, with a wavo of tho hand. " I am satisfied with you ; without anything of that sort. But you ' remind mo forcibly of someone else. ' Whore V-- wefoyou bom?" - - ' . Tho abruptness of ,tbe question startlodher. , " I — I wus bom at Smartstono in York- shire, sir." /;:/ ,'.f.yety extraordinary ! Very extra- ! ./ ordm'ary !" ho oxclnimed. ««Havo you any- . ono of the name of Balmor in your family?"- "My mother's maiden namo was Balmer," . she said. . , - /fc; "It's strange," ho cried. "I thought v5>/ that I knew overy-fnmily in Smartstone, and " /V ; yet I only know one Balmer. Samuel Balmor, , ! tho grocor." . . "Ho was my grandfather, sir. I recollect . f him well. Ho died whon I wns six years old, just before my own father died." Mr. Homcostlo jumped from his chair and > walked tlio room excitedly. " Is your mother's name Norah, liko- ;- " ' yours ?" ho asked. / -,'/'s .'(Yes, her name's Norah, sir." ./ V "Then I'vo.bcen wiolcedly imposed upon," - ; ho ericd. And,.shouiing. to tho youth in the ' ' ' oflice, he told him to fetch, a cab immediately. Thon ho unlocked a safe and took a small - packet of newspapers from a drawer. And in loss than half an> hour a cab .con« taining Mr. Horncastlo and tho wondering Norah drove up to the littlo houso at High, bury, whoro sho und her mother lodged. "Norali!" ." Jaok 1" : . And Mr. . Horncastle's newly.-engaged lady clerk was astounded to see her employer seize her motlior, who' started sobbing - hysterically, and clasp her to his breast. ' " I cannot havo you for a clerk, Norah," said Jack Horncastlc, after he had heard her- ' mother's story. " You must be my duughtee instend." "But, Jack!" cried Mrs. Parkoter. "I '/ . don't umlorataiid it. Your death was advor« tised iu the paper." - . ; "So was yours, my lovo," lie said. '(I liavo tlio old copy of tbo Smartstono Chronicle in my pocket. Look!" And Mrs. Pnrketer and young Noroh road tho advertisement of the former's death. : "Yes, it's in tlmt paper," said Mrs. Parkoter. "But I can swear it wasn't tlio real Smartstono Chronicle, because father '> : took it ovory week, and — and it's absurd !". ." Someone must hnve falsified the papers 1 both iu Australia und. in England," said. Jack. Somo villain " "Hnsli, Jack," she said, gently. "It must havo been Frank. Ho's dead." . And so it proved. Jack mot a man in London somo timo afterwards who had boen at Wurrywuyu, and who knew a priutor. in tbo nowspapor office, a relative of Parketor's. On his deathbed this prmtor had confessed to Jsck's informant that be hud altered the.typc, by arrangement with Parketor, after tho regular copies of tho paper had been printed, and lmd inserted a falso notice of Jaok's death in it. "It scorned to liaunt him in his. dying hour," said tho num. "Ho told ino all about it, und mudo mo promise to' try and undo any mi- chief that might havo boon dono. But it was so long ago tlmt I thought it hotter not to tako any notice." " But how about tho Smartstono paper?" queried Juek. " Oh, of course Parketer must havo played tlio same trick there, too ! Ho bribed some body in tlio office to striko olf ono falso print. It would be easy enough if tho paper wasn't stereotyped." 