The Lady Shenton Gold Mine €RUSHINGS—13,909 TONS 44,435oz. FOB 10 000 TONS TAILINGS AT GRASS. VALUE ABOUT £30,000. £64,000 IN DIVIDENDS. (•N. C. Htrald') The Lad; Shenton Gold Mine wes discovered by L. R. Menzies, founder o Menzies. It was named after the late Lady Shea ton, Sir George Shenton, President "f the Legislative Council being one of the members of the orjgina' syndicate, called * Menzies' Prospecting Syndicate.* The property was floated into a company ea'ly in 1895 and a branch office was established in London, together with a Lond.m board of directors and secretary, <fee. The c«mtalof the company is £160,000 ia 160,000 shires of £1 eacb, fully {.aid ; area, 36 acres. Three shafts have been sank on the property, viz, two on the underlay of the reef, and one v rtical main shaft This h»s been sank to i depth of 210ft. At 160ft the reef ws • cat. Foar levels have been opened n,j from the main shaft, viz, at 50ft, 100f', 160ft, and 210ft. The reef has been intercepted at each level, and drives put in north and south on the course of the reef. At the 160ft or No 3 lev.l, the reef is exposed for 40Cft north from the mam shaft, and continued from this point another 100ft ir the Florence Company's lease, whie! adjoins the Sbenton on the north. There are two distnct chutes of gold in thiB level, averaging in length about 300ft each. Both the chutes haV3 a northern dip, the reef underlying at an angle of about 45 degrees. The whole of theso levels are connected bv winzes, rues, &a; so that stoping and filling in can be donr at a fairly cheat) rate On the main level, viz, No 3, the reef has been driven on south for 380ft, showing in places fully 3ft of ore. This hvel has been connected with the surface on the underlay with the reef by winzes, mes, etc. A winze has also tern sunk to the No 4, or 210ft level, s) as to open up the mine thoroughly f-cm this part. All the workings down to this level are in the oxidised z^ne which here disappears, and the sulphide zone commences. The country rock from the No 3 level down is diorite, and oming into the sulphide zone is very hard, making development work necessarily slow, but as depth is attained the ( re. f improves in width and quality, as instanced by the size of reef at the 210ft l»vel, where it Bhows an average width of 5ft of s^lid payable ore, being of high quality and heavily mineralised. At the No 4 level the drive has been extended north and south on the course of the reef, north for 252ft, and south 234ft from crosscut. A winze has been sank from this level to « depth of 75ft, the reef showing an average width of 5ft of hifijh grade ore. It is the intention of the company to Bink this winze soother. 200ft, then connect with the surface, making this the main hauling shaft. When this is completed, no timG will be lost in continuing; to sink the winze to a depth of 1.000ft, the directorate being anxious to thoroughly test the mine. So far as the mine is opened up at the present time, it shows many years' work in si^ht, but there are many difficulties to contend with, the greatest being an insufficient water supply for crashing purposes. The present supply costs about £300 per month, thus makiog the cost of crushing very heavy, so should a good supply i>e tapped while sinking, it will effect a great saving. Firewood is fairly cheap, viz, 193 6d per cord, but previous to the opening of the railway, the price was 24s per cord. The cost of 8ft sticks of mining timber, Gin at small end, is 4s per stick. The items will give a fair idea that the working is costly. Mr J. W. Bayfield is the general manager of the company, and since be has taken charge the difference in the development of the mine has been most noticeable, Mr Rayfhld being a sound practical mining engineer, desirous of mining his property ai a gold mine, and not for speculative purposes. Mr Ray field enjoys the thorough confidence of the directors, of whom the Hon Sir George Shenton, M.L.C., is the chairman. Mr Lewis, the resident secretary, has kindly given us the following returns, which prove beyond all questioning the great value of Menzies' leading gold mine :—The battery started work on the 24th June, 1896, and the first clean-op took place on July 8th. Since that date 13,909 tons of ore have been crushed for a yield of 44,435 iz 4dwt3a;r, the average being 3oz 3dwt 21gr. The directors intend erecting a cyanide plant, b .t for the purpose of thoroughly testing the tailings, they arranged for treating 2,600 tons of tailings at, the Menzies Gold Reefs Cyanide Works, which yielded 2 503oz. There are still 10,000 tons of tailings at gras?, the estimated value being from 151wt to 18iwt. The value of the gold is £3 12s per oz, after deducting bank and mint charges. Up to the present the directors have declared eight dividends of one shilling each, which represents £64,000. The company has a most complete plant— 30-head of stamps now crushing, with vanners, berdans, and amalgamators. The mine is lighted by electrici-y, but the rock-drilling plant is not sufficiently strong for present requirements. Mr Rayfield is at present on a visit to Victoria for the pnrpise of purchasing anew plant for this purpose. VThis is the weather when a dip in the bathe is greatly appreciated, bat bathers should be careful of carrying that delightful operation of ducking' others to undue 1 lengths. On Boxing Day one young man, through getting too much of a ' dunking' from hie sportive companions, became thoroughly exhausted, and very nearly ' gave up the ghost,' seeing which another young man named J^ck Riordan dived into the water and quickly landed him in safety. He wa9, however, half-drowned and unconscious but after Mr Fullerton, the manager, with the assistance of othei s in the baths, had ad ministered the usual coarse for the resuscitation of the apparently drowned, he recovered, and beyond having a superabundance of th briny fluid in his internal economy be was very little the worse for his miealventure. It turned out afterwards that one of his mates had forced him under the water no less than 14 times without allowing him time to breathe properlv. There is certainly no harm in a little fun while bathing, but such a variety of horse play as that mentioned above is highly reprehensible, as on some future occasion it might lead to very serious consequences. Not the smallest gainers by the Westral Cycle Meeting were the publicans of the town. Several of them have shown their appreciation of the enterprise of the Recreation Reserve Committee by donating sums) various amounts to (he funds ot that body, : and promises of subscriptions towards next year's meeting havealso been ma^e. 1 ncluding the donations received yesterday, a profit of about £325 was made on the day's sports by the committee. The Baronese Burdett-Coutts thinks that all good fortune would desert her if she parted with a guinea which came into her family in a curious way. Mr Coutts, her grandfather, was not particularly careful as to his outward appearance, and one day benevolent old gentlemen, taking him for a decajed tradesman, gave him a guinea. Next day he met the banker at dinner at a friend's house, aud was considerably surprised when he learned the identity of the recipient of his alms, who playfully refusr-d to return the coin, calling it his lucky guinea. At his death it passed into the hands of his widow, who one day gave it to Sir Francis Burdett. His daughter, the Baroness Burdett-OouttB, to whom it was bequeathed, has Bince jealously guarded it,—London ' Evening News.' A PICNIC SCENE NEAR KALGOORLIE POINT MALCOLM 