By EDITH TOWNSEND EVERETT. ^u- "H-s Always doing out-of-the-way things. Therefore, her friends were sel dom sui prised at any bizarre action at tributed to her. Still, it must be con lessed that her most intimate Triend was just a trifle nonplussed when she re ^narked: am engaged to be married.’* "But you are married, my dear,” pro tested her friend, mildly, knowing from experience that a gentle protest was all that sucn a human cyclone yclept At ice vsne would tol era to,' ‘ Oh, that doesn't matter at a" ” "Oh 'doesn’t it?” voiced the protestor, t\ho, had she been questioned prior to this.interview, would have thought the tnanlal tie quite mi obstacle in the way of the engagement of one of the parties «o bo tin a to another not in the contract but as proof of Alice’s strangely hypnotic influence over the circle in which she moved it nuuit - he admitted that the friend was quite willing to be convinced that a married woman could with case arid no divorce announce her engage ment with the sang froid of a widow who •has buried her fifth. "I know it is unusual,” continu'd -Mice •as she rocked slowly, back and forth in *ke most comfortable chair in her ■ •-friend's not over comfortable drawing--' a-oom, "but I never did go in for routine, you knew, and that is why I am afraid tmy marriage has been not altogether a failure, bur sort of disappointing.” W hat did you expect, honeymooning all the time?” *‘Of course I didn’t! don't be silly. 35 fill, but I And it horribly tiresome ?it ■tins opposite' the same face three hun dred and. sixty-five days in a year and imting to the same man whenever the snoutony of table is varied by myhus band s absence.” ■‘That is, I presume, the reason why you have taken to writing to other men and to sitting at luncheons and dinners ’Opposite other faces,” put in the candid Xneiid, with a tinge of sarcasm in her voice. - : . ’"Exactly; and that is why I am cn ■Sased to be married, to Jack Mills.”- . • "Engaged to be married! Why, you are Billy! How can that be?” It Is all very simple, and you needn’t pooh pooh an idea .lust because it conics as a. perfectly new factor into your old frshioned curriculum. I have told Char lie I am tired of him and that I want t anarry Jack, and Charlie very sensibly at cepted his medicine, only stipulating th; 3ie and I should live together during tl period of my engagement with the othe so that in case I got tired before the da •set for our marriage I could fall back o Aim and thus avoid those embarraesin consequences that often attend broke engagements.” "He said that, did ho?” queried Els; ’"Well, my dear girl, he is guying you.” "Guying me? I guess not. You ougl -to have se-en how serious he looked whe I came straight out with the bald truth. “One would hardly expect him to b Joyous, would They?” "No, it wouldn’t have been complimen • J'et X hardly looked for him to b quite so passive in the matter. Wei good- bye. dear; remember it isn’t an mounced formally yet, so don’t tell mot Ilian just the old girls until I give yo permission to go ahead.” And with Hittle butterfly kiss, a swish of silke skirts and a faint, subtle fragrance o violets in her wake, Alice passed out o -the avenue, there to be joined a few mo tnents later by handsome Jack Mills, w would have ordered His man to pack-i fop-nie Antipodes had he known what th infaf---- ’ - infatuated little woman at his side lia pretation of the murmured complime \- -complimen a-ad empty words of flattery which ifad accepted ns the true offerings of a . fectlon from a manly, upright and hone Aeart. While they strolled up the fashionat promenade -^lsa sat in the cramped qua ters for which she paid half her sola: and which by courtc-sy were called ”Y Orosvenor Apartments,” and thought the wilful, foolish girl who had just le tier. "Silly, silly,’.’ she murmured. “Som thing must be done and at once to s matters right or there will be such tangle that even Alice's proverbial go< luck win desert her,” and for fully a hr Xiour she rocked slowly back and forth the chair hut just deserted by her guei her smooth, white brow wrinkled into li tie lines of doubt and a troubled look the deep, serene eyes. “Well, little girl, have you missed me queried Jack Mills, as he looked down the trim figure beside him. "Missed you? Of course, X IThve smiled Alice, "but I am not going to sp< you by telling you how much." “And what have you been doing sinei went away?” “Oh, a lot of things,” and Alice smil to herself as the thought of how amoi the “lot of things” was the telling h husband that she cared for the man whose'company she now was. “Does Charlie suspect that you care f me?” “He doesn’t suspect. He knows.” “The devil he does!” “Oh, yes, you needn’t get excited abo it. I told him myself and he took It qu calmly.” Alice didn’t explain in det: that she had informed her husband s meant to marry Jack. “Some things a best kept secret,” she added to herself, ‘Well, all I can say is that you ha made it impossible for me to see v again, and I think it the silliest move ever heard of.” y'. ■• - “Impossible to see me? Not "at c Charlie insisted at oncf.-on inviting y to dinner next Tue-tray, and if you do; come he will tiiYnk it very queer—wh -—well,I wiirfbegin to believe you have; meant a^frord you said all along.” ‘‘Oijpcourse, Alice, I meant that you e thpTdearest woman in the world, 1: Jiang It ail, it makes it decidec j@F awkward for me to shake your hi Jr hand’s hand, sit at his tal and talk tewtiim as map to man kno 5ng that, he knows that I have been mo ing love to his wife. Why could you have let matters go on as they we: Lota of people in society similarly si! ated have affairs running on for yet and they don’t consider it nccessa -to blazon the fact abroad in words—tii let actions do the talking.” “But you know- I never do as othi •do. You said unconventiona’ity was i great charm in your eyes. If I were receive your attentions just as Mrs To Dick, and Harry do, our relations woi degenerate into the commonplace am wouldn't like you at all. I want my 1 in the future to be based on a differc ' plane, and I can’t see what earthly d Terence it can make to you if I hones tell my husband that I love some c else, thus getting him accustomed to f situation instead of his being consum And annoyed by rumors and suspicic •that are the thorns in too many marri .men’s souls.” “Is she very wise or absolutely idiotic .thought Jack, as he looked down at 1 •during this flow of to her convincing t gument. He had never meant his atte -tions to assume a serious attitude. . liked Charlie Vane too well to run t -risk of being cut off fronf the ma "good things” it was in his power to 1 Stow upon his friends. He admitted ■Jiadn’t had any particular scruples .vbc -making love to Vane’s wife so Ions’ $he episode were kept just between tl u-o most interested parties; but Alice, with that careless disregard tor conse quenees typical of the way she had en couraged him up to the limit, had now made a pretty kettle of fish by a sort of anti - climax. He couldn't back out now. She had put it so plainly to him tn: s,uch a course would stamp him coi\ ardly in both her eyes and Vane's as well, that witii a little shivery pull together, he turned to her and said like one about to take some hitter medicine: “Well, what do you expect me to do?” “Do? Why, nothing but go on just as you have been doing all these months only now we can act more openly—sort of with the understanding that exists between engaged people, and that always makes others leave them alone together and all that sort of thing.” - • "A unique plan," smiled Jack, \vitlv quiet cynicism. “I have never before heard of it bemg applied to any couple in our position; but I suppose if you say so, it is all right” To himself he thought : “There won’t be u bit of fun making love to licr .when it is ail clear sailing. Hang it all. why did I ever get into such a-mess! These unconvention al tv omen are always doing some deuced iy awkward thing, and the trouble of it all is they never stop to consider that they are dragging someone else .into it, too." Aloud, however, he went on up-! parently unmoved : "Will I see you to-1 night at the Cravens’ dance?” ’ j "No, I am not going, but will expect | you to-morrow at . dinner. It veill be quite a family party — Charlie, /Elsa, you and. I. Au- retmir.” ' And v.dth a 1 coquettish glance from under, her long lashes she ran up the steps of her pretty home and her conventional cavalier went on his way. attended by some gloomy thoughts. "Too deuced much of a family party,” he murmured to himself. “I'll look like a nice chump sitting opposite her hus band and knowing that every word I say to her lie will have a right to think is one of love — men have let women make asses of them before this, but for consummate donkeyism, I take the I cake,” and he turned into his club, from j whence, several hours later, he emerged, as his man aptly put it when he was en deavoring to get off his boots, “In a beastly state of inebriety.” “My dear, I really think your engage ment dinner will be a tremendous suc cess,” said Charlie Vane, as he peeped Into his wife’s dressing room the-even ing next prior to' going down to the drawing room, where Elsa was already awaiting her hostess, her position of family friend allowing her to arrive qulte-eariy and naturally ahead of Jack, who, you may be sure, was not going to run the risk of a mauvaise quart d’beure en tete-a-telo with his host. "The flow ers are particularly lovely; I chose them myself and I ordered Tompkins to bring out of the cellar those special bottles of Margot we were going to keep for our 10th anniversary. Of course, they will not be needed then, and I thought os there would probably never again occur a more festive occasion in our joint career, that they might as well be used up in bumpers to the health of the fu ture Mrs Jack Mills. “How sweet of you,” smiled Alice over her shoulder, from her position in front of the cheval glass, where she was ad justing a cluster of lilies of the valley amid the fluffy chiffon of her decolletage but somehow the words lacked enthus iasm. "I hone-stly believe he is glad t get rid of me,” she thought after he had closed the door and the soft tread of his footsteps on the polished staircase an nounced that he had gone below stairs “How handsome he looked to-night. It is funny I never noticed how really dis tinguished he is in appearance. To be downright honest, If he weren’t my hus band, I would think he were handsomer than Jalck. Oh, pshaw! What a ally idea. Dear Jack, how sweet of him to send me these Allies, Charlie has forgot ten all about /doing those nice little things. I wonder when Jack and I are married if he will forget, too. It will be rather amusing to compare the two. Charlie will be lonely-without me, I suppose, but then he may marry again. Nonsense. "Who would he marry? Poor old chap, he isn’t a marrying man. He ought never to have married me. He is too conventionally prosaic,” and with this jumble of thoughts in her pretty brown head she tripped downstairs to receive a sudden and unexpected shock in the confusion of the couple upon whom she burst uncere moniously. Elsa and her husband, with heads dangerously near together, were bending-over a great bunch of violets, which at a glance Alice could see were the proper accompaniment for Elsa’3 dead white gown. “How lovely of you to remember that violets were my favorite flower,” Elsa was saying as Alice noise lessly pushed the velvet portiere aside. “How could I ever forget anything that concerned you?” came the ardent response from Charlie, as he looked into her eyes in a way men have when they mean more than they say. This un usually gallant speech, coupled with the evident confusion her entrance occa sioned,- caused Alice for a moment to lose her own self-possession, and, if the truth must be told, brought into her heart a sort of uncomfortable feeling that she would have indignantly repudi ated as jealousy, yet which was much more dangerously akin to that senti ment than any she had ever experienced heretofore.. The lilies that Jack had sent her somehow did not appear to be as fragrantly lovely as the violets Elsa was wearing, and the empresse manner with which he greeted her a moment after wards affected her in a peculiarly un pleasant fashion. The quarter of an hour before dinner was not altogether a cheery interval. It never is. But on this occasion one member of the quar tette was undoubtedly distrait, • and a’l Jack’s whispered compliments,wh-'ch for merly made her heart beat high, were quite lost on Alice, who, while appear ing to enjoy the unusual festivity, was listening with strained ears to the low conversation indulged in by her husband and friend. Later, at dinner, Charlie’s gaiety, his undoubted light- heartedness, his attention to Elsa, and his natural allusions to the “happy, pair,” met with no enthusiastic response from the'pretty, white-robed fiancee, who toyed idly with one course after another, and was so absolutely rude to Jack by the time the rare old Margot was served, that for the rest of the dinner he paid his at tention to it instead of to her, with the result that when coffee and cordials ap peared he was not altogether the debo nair lover whom she had thought it so lovely to exchange for the prosaic hus band. The latter, on the contrary, had never been so brilliant without being hilarious. He jested, he paid courtly compliments to Elsa, he rattled over gay little anecdotes in a fetching fashion, Elsa and Jack repaying him by appreciative laughter and repartee, the while Alice sat glum and silent, a veri table little sad-eyed ghost at the ban quet. In fact, he was a model host, whose demeanor was In strong contrast to that of the guest who had been in vited to the engagement dinner with his wife, and Alice, little by little, moment by moment, realised the mistake her own false idea of life had led her into .making, and with pride battling with tears for the mast ery, she drank her chartreuse at one gulp, the staid butlc-r gazing in amaze ment at an exhibition which heretofore had never been noted In conjunction with all the dining and wining that had gone on under this roof. Again in the drawing room Charlie [ proposed a little music, but Alice, who had heretofore always been most ready to oblige either by singing or with a gay little jingle on the banjo, now offered a headache as her excuse for not comply ing with her husband’s request, and the party broke up at an unusually early hour. Jack unusually somnolent, while Charlie and Elsa were indulging in a orotraeted farewell interview, which Alice inwardly declared to be in "horri bly bad form.” Poor little woman,, her new engagement didn’t seem quite so ro mantic to her as she dragged liei-scif wearily to the violet-scented boudoir from which she had descended in joyful mood earlier in the evening. Her maid, noticing the abstraction of her mistress, was unusually, solicitous, but received only the shortest and curtest replies from the white-robed girlish figure seated in despondent attitude before the long ehe | val glass. "Go, Annette; I won’t ned you any more to-night,” .she said, when . at last idie was wrapped in the becoming pink negligee that even unobservant, prosaic Charlie had declared “fetching.” Perhaps it was because her ' husband had noticed it that she had told the , min'd to wrap her in it, in preference to the violet one lying on the satin-draped bed. Perhaps she was thinking ol' him at that very moment, as it was with a very guilty start that she replied ” Come in” to the familiar rat-a-tat-tat that announced his coming to say "Good night.”'' ,, ■' • ”C)ln-.Charlie, is that yon?” she began nervously. ’ Of course it is—did yon lake mo for a burglar?—you look as white as a ghost.” I don’t feel-well,” with a wan lime smile. "I think the dinner was too heavy and the scent of the dowers too much. It wasn’t a very- gay dinner, was it?” she added pathetically. ”0h, didn’t you find it so? I newer en joyed one more. The novelty of it, you know, and then 1 never know before what capita! company Elsa can be—but I am forgetting. Knowing that to-night we were formally to renounce each other T made up my mind that the dinner should not be the only thing to mark your engagement so I just ran down to a lawyer’s, and secured this little paper that I think will act as the very best se dative to your - nerves.” ^ And. with a careless air. which chilled poor Alice to Uie heart, he tossed Into her lap a very legal looking- document on which one word, as it appeared to her in blacker in than all the rest, stood forth in cold, uncompromising distinctness — ” Di vorce.” “Oh, Charlie—what is it?” ” Our separation paper—our decree of divorce,” smiled her spouse grimly as he wandered about ns though absorbed la the furnishings of the room. "Pretty picture, that, very Frenc-hy. Whore did you get it?” “ Divorce,” gasped Alice. "Divorce, yes—why, wasn't that what you wanted? You know - you can’t marry Jack without it unless I am dead and as much as I would like to oblige you can’t promise to commit suicide—it is against my religious principles, and besides, I may wish to enter into some new arrangement myself.” “You don’t mean to marry,” gasped poor Alice, who now for the first time realised that to give up Charlio would be very much harder than she had an ticipated. "Well, why not?” smiled her husband; ‘•you know that old saying, ’Sauce for the goose, etc.' ” ^ Eut don’t you care for me' any Don’t ask me, Alice. You know I ai a man of iifbnor, and you are another’ affianced wi*Ce. Do not tempt me to foi get that.” . \ r: “But I amynot.” — — — ■->—J "But you"Vare.” ' J ”1 am yotir wife; ! don’t want to 1; anyone eiso’.j. I have made a mistake and—oh, Charlie, don’t love Elsa. I wi try so hard to be as bright as she i: Try me again,’ won’t you?” and th wistful voice broke as two pretty hanc were held out pleadingly to him. “Alice, do you mean this—it is ver conventional, you know,” said Charlie i a voice he tried hard to keep serious. "With all my heart. Try me and you will see,” sobbed Alice, and a moment after a very everyday sort of a woman was ensconsed on her husband’s lap, hap pier in that prosaic position than she had ever- been in any fancied romantic situa tion of her butterfly existence. It was not until the wedding cards of Jack and Elsa were out that Alice dis covered that divorces are not bought like bonbons, and that the paper, like .Jack’s inebriety, had all been a part of a scheme concocted by her husband and friends to bring her to her senses.—’’Phiiadel phia Times.” 