1 WOMAN WORTH WINNING. f ' ' J ('. CPUBLXBBBD BY SPBOUL ABBANOXWUIT. BY GEO. MANVIL.LE FENN, \ Author of " Blaok Blood," " A Double Knot," "Eli's Children," "In the King's Name,' # A Mint of Monoy," " A Golden Dream," 11 The Caso of Aiiea Gray," \- " Cursed by a Eortune/'-Ao. copybiout. : CHAPTER XLVII.— ( Continued.) RASH! THE "'T ff i door gave way ; ft from the 'imjio- 'iRr - y I tus of something 3: fi | hurled against . % | it, and as -Molly .involuntarily . avortcdhorface, iii, jpv® — ' J erdan sprang lirjj i' ' " right at Breii- ' don, forcing hi ill l\ hnclr, and Molly foil holp- (fK. loss to the floor. ' ' At last ! At Inst ! ' yelled Jerdan, and ho I thrust ono hand into his breast. ' Do, no !' shrieked Molly, as sho 1 struggled to her feet, und tried to throw (.herself between them. \- 'Yes! you cursed Jezebel!' roared Jerdan, ' before I make you share — - — ' Ho stopped short, and started hack, his bands losing their grasp of Eroudon's breast, while his eyes Bccmcdto dilate . snd roll. ; Molly- "Wyndham!' he gasped. " Here 1' < ,Yes, yes,' sho cried, wildly, ' Can ' you not seo ? . It was to find you— Martin Jordan, my prayers arc hoard at last. I have found her.' ' Pound— her !' he said, in 'a hollow I tono. , i ' Yes, as I said. Ah ! save him !' | - Brendon tried,- but too lute. It was Was if overy faculty had suddenly given . way, and tho wretched man fell with a I heavy crash. 'Mad!' said Brendon, softly, as -lie I lifted him to the couch. Then, as a ; flash of light illumined what had seemed i a tangled piece of confusion, ho cried ; out — ' "Why, he must have seen you come, trad thought that ' ' Captain Brendon,' moaned Molly, i for pity's sake, liush.' " Their eyes met across the prostrate man; his eager, questioning, full of wonder as he fully comprchondcd now tho meaning of Jordan's words and savage attack — hors, shrinking, wander ing, as if seeking to avoid his gaxo, but evor drawn back by a power which she strove iu vain to combat ; till at last i thoy met his fully in a long, intent look, . which awoke in liim n knowledge thut I in spite of ' all there perhaps was a future boforo him thut would mako hi in forget ' tho pnst — a woman whom he might win. j Molly's eyes sank at last before his eager, questioning gaze, and thoiv at- 1 tention wns taken up by a moan from i the insonsiblc man upon the couch ; and \- the noxt minuto lie struggled up into u sittiug position, to look wildly from ono i to tho other, us tlioy drew hock from ! hiiii. There was a pitiful expression in Jordan's faco ns ho faltered out. ' Forgive me — I did not know. I i thought—! thought ' -The. moment before there was a soft ! humid look in Molly's oyes, und lior . wholo being seemed subdued liy tho I presence of him whose cause she ,hnd championed so long, yearned for in secret, and gloried in now thut she fully possessed tho knowledge that ho was . the truo brave man to whom- sho had i vowed herself iu her heart. But now, i as Jerdan spoke, her whole being seemed to eluuigo, and a feeling of wonder nnd joy made Brendon gnze : upon her with admiration for tho beautiful imperious woman whose eyes flashed as she turned uponJcrduu und crushed his faltering words. ' Yes,' sho cried, with a hurst of indignant augur which made him ruiso his trembling hands imploringly, mutely asking mercy. ' Yes, you thought thnt tho whole world was steeped in misery and sin. You, who Bhould liavo been tho first to defend, turned every look and act into falsehood and shauio. Oh, you could novel- have loved lior, to have holievod this horror of tho sweet suffer ing saint.' For heaven's sako liavo morcy !' he ' groaned, us he let his head sink upon his hands, hut only for u moment. Then ho was upon his foot, feverish with the wild oxoitcmont which burned within his veins. ' Womuu, have somo pity — toll ino, toll mo ull.' 'All? I cannot,' sho said, with pity softening licr anger now; and she rnisod ! box- bunds to thoso which woro hold out i to seizo hers, and her voico now sounded , very low and sweet. ' I was out this j ' morning — in tho ourriago with Hector I —ho has been ill — I thought ho would I die, and you wero not to bo found ; but ! now lie is able to go out ugain — -ami wo i wore roturning, when wo passed a kind 'of private omuibus" with several palo, suffering- looking women, evidently bomg taken to somo institution, und Molly broke down, nnd burst into a | fit. of hysterical weeping, which it wns ' some minutes beforo sho could master . and continuo. ' I cannot help it,' she snid, simply, . - and sho guzed . upologotically from ono ; ! to tho other. ' Tho sight of their poor, ; sufforing, woo-bogono fnccs thrillod me with-, a strango fooling, for it was plain i to read their hopoloss, imbecile state ; I and tho cruel thought flashed through I mo that it would bo bottor for them \- 1 when tho gentle hand of death bockoned thom awny — when — when — oh, oh! I : I. cannot hear it,' sho wailed ; ' it is too horriblo to think of now.' "' Yes,' slio cried, through hor teeth, as her faco grew fixed in its intensity, t und she fought with and mustered hor : ,;j emotion, to continuo, in a low, deop voice, 'whioh- thrilled Brendon- to- the v - i cdro; " .' It whs like this : 'Wohad nearly passed, ' when thiiro was a— a — oh ! I must speak — a pioroing soronra, , and I ' tui'nod, to seo that one of tho wonxou had started up with her eyes wild and staring, her thin- white hands prossing back hor hair; and it: needed no words to tell me who it. was, though hor ap pealing cry was ringing through my ' -brain-: - " Molly ! Molly I my child! my child.!'" i ! Good God !' gasped Jerdan, as he let fall tlio speaker's hands. ' How oan I tell you' ?' sobbed Molly. , I i followed tho carriage— miles— to the groat buildiiig — they were very good to me— they told me— a hopeless caso from the workhouse. My poor Iiinda! My sister in all hut blood. But she know me — know hor child — they could tell me no more then, only that sho wns homeless, friendless, knowii to none, hiid — nnd — At 'last they consented to my bringing her- away- home.'. Jerdan tried to Bpcak. No words would come, hut Molly' interrupted the question in his eyes. ' Yes, sho is there, insensible now. I cnmc hero to find you, Martin — to bring you to her sido — and—oh, for give me ! I cannot reproach you now. Only sponk — only toll nxo that I was right, and»that you bolievo ine.' Sho tottered again, and Brondon caught her in his urms, hut she mastered her weakness and drow back, Brendon retaining one hand for a momunt to raise it to his lips. ' Como 1' slio said softly ; and she laid -her othor hand in Jordan's. ' Come 1 I have been too long,' ' She led tho way towards .the door, Jordan trembling visibly the while, but ho recovered himsolf us thoy wont out, nnd turned to givo Brondon a look full of ugony and remorse. ' I forgivo you, Jerdan,' he cried hoareoly; and Molly turned on tho instant to hold out her hands to him. Then tho door closed upon them, and, looking dazed and strungo, Brendon- picked up tho broken lock, gazed at it, und threw it upon tho couch with a wild light of exultation making his ovob flash ns he gazed nt the spot whore Molly had last stood, seeing her still. At lust he turned slowly away, with the feeling growing within him that an angol had visited his room and passed away. \ ' No,' he said softly; then with a look of veneration deeponing iu his oyos, ' only a woman, hut a woman worth the winning, and — — ' _ His exultant eyes caught the reflec tion of his shaven and shorn head in tho miiTor, and their light died out ns his white smooth face grow convulsod with self-contempt and horror. Then a bitter peal of derisive laughter rang through the room. _ ' No,' he snid. 'Impossiblo now. He did liis work too well.' A tapping at tho door aroused him, and tho servant at the chambers entered, und glanced nt the broken look. 'Never mind that,' said Brendon, hastily ; ' only soo thnt it is repaired. I'll pay.' ' Certainly, sir,' said the servant, looking curiously nt Brondon's altered appenruncc. "There's a man wants to see you, sir.' ' A mnn, to seo mo?' said Brendon, suspiciously, and feeling a shrinking sensation which lie overcame at once. 1 You can show him in.' 'Tho servant . retired and ushered in the visitor, in the person of Durkins. ' You ! ' said Brendon, sharply. ' I expected you beforo.' ' I meant to he here, before, sir, hut thought I'd give you a bit of sleep first, to get over that dose you had of smoko. Albright again, sir? ' 'Yes, pretty woll,' said Brendon, harshly. ' But what do you mean by dose of smoko ? ' ! ' Why, don't you know, sir ? I gave you one of the doctor's cigars by mistake. I took ono of his sort that lie gives to queer customers. Sends 'em off fast asleop. Sir Martin had one oneo. Nice job I had to get jiou into a cub and then to the end of this stroot ; and whon I did we were too soon to get in, and I couldn't find no latchkey in your pookots; so I liad.to wait-till the peoplo wero about, and thoy was as near say ing you shouldn't como in as could be. I got over them, though, by telling them j-ou'd been had with fovor and breaking your log, and got you tucked up comfortable in bed beforo 1' wont. Feel all right, now, sir ? ' ' Nasty sick headache, my man. I could not mako it out when I woko, for 1 must have lost my senses all at once.' ' That you just did, sir, nnd a pretty while I hod to wait till I got a cab; ex pecting every moment to see old Sam. Burls coming round tho corner too.' 'Pah! Don't talk about it, man,' said Brendon, with a look of disgust. ' Well, I suppose you'd like your foe ?' Barkins grinned., ' If it's all the samo to you, sir, I've bcou reckoniug on that. But ono moment, sir. Is it ull safe now ?' 'Safe?' ' I meun for you, sir. I eomo bore soon aftor dark, and I'd just turned into tho stroot when my heart-jumps into my mouth, for I half thought I'd seen u ghost, it was so unexpected. Hnnsom comes up with Sir Martin, Jordan inside. Jumps ont and pays liis fare, and comes iu hero with liis latch-key, quito at home.' ' Ah !'. exolaimod Brondon, looking at tho man wondoriugly. ' Woll, sir, I was nonplushed for a bit. ' 'There goes iny five hundred quid hang,' I says. ' He's got to know, and como to nail him again. But you ain't going to stand thut; Ephrum Dnrkins,' I says, ' are you ? No,' I says ; and I slipped haok, picked up a hobby who was off duty out Swallow streot way, tells him I think .there's going to bo an assault on a gent" I know, and promises him halt a sov. if he'd como and help mo protect you.' ' ' You did that ?' cried Brondon, ex citedly. . ' Of course I did, captain. I wasn't going to bo robbed of my hard oarnings, and have you took away again. Not mo. If it had eomo to the worst, I'd ha' mudo it fire pounds beforo you should ha' boon took. He's waiting across tho way there now.' Brondon looked at tho man with admiration. 4 If you think it's all right now, sir, I may as well scud him away, for I soo Sir Mortiu go off with that young lady who came in her broom.' ' '-Then you have hoen watching all thetime ?' -. ' 'That's so, sir. Shall I send him away ?' ' Oh, yes, there is no danger now. The trouble is "all at nn end.' ' 'Then if you'd kindly lend me half a sov'rin, 'sir, I'll sond him off.' Brondon's hand went into liis pockot, and ho' brought out a sovereign. ' Givo him that, my man, and it isn't a lonn'.' to be concluded., 