4 OCT:OR'S STORY. '?f' were three friends very comfort. ably doniciled in a-single suite of 'roonls on.i--- street, in near vicinity to the Ig-- Medical College, which .- we at id-dl. One of us lwas Ioallinder a gentle mainlyy. handsooe youth, of too tenider a nature for a doeiotr, "n-e thought, liut a very accomnplisbhe-, felloIr in his studies, everet ieless. The se?e:nd of our trio nsts a thickl tonguelt, red-fuared Russian, whose fierce eyes, shaded y lng lashes, gave an oipression of evil always dispelled when his whit,' teeth and good nanture were wvetSld in se very pleasant smile. He \- T~.s re:nalrklly arduoaus In his pulsuit of Inowtledge. and sometinfes scrupled not -to resort to questiollIahle means, ?lich were betrayed to us by hias muddy boots and clothing when he re-apllleared after a night-long absence, introverted :atid unquestioned. As for myself, let it -uflice to say that .t1thoult mliy fortune a-is meagre lly he'art was light, and ilnorant of any graver elre than the preparatlion for tn morrow's recilations. ~While I,'l-.nder r-as study' ::,. land the tussian experti :menting. I am afraid I vwas too often fomund p-'.rusing some light live-tale or -ttrummning my guitar. M1. idle spirit was as sdeaf to HIollander's friendly ad monitions as to the Rlussian's grunts of scornful disappirobation. But the tranquil tenor of nmy life was niaruptly lerminated by a disturbig ini Iluence I had never anticipat-ed. w\\\hen -one fine aft!ernoon I fell in love with I: ielle Grayton. To end the tale of nily olithrulellint! ini the- fewest .wvords. I :ttailet lilyso:lf of "many opportunities for meiting the fail Estelle, nnd in no long tilme the inllu .-nce. of a lpassioinate. aliding attacrh ment infiltrated my entire leing. and -vas not, I felt assured. vnrecipros-ated. T was, little disturbed by my friend Hfollander's good-natured raillery, linut I felt so sharply nettled under the Rlus sian's coarse banter, that I would often retort in the bitterest terms. and appear .so distressed. that the twinkle in Hol lander's eyes gave place to. i look of asympathy and reproof, by which the Russian was awed into silence:. at'thtis juncture of tny atffai;s turned one evening firom myi accustorned visit in,.a,.most forlorn and wretchet nood. .. Estelle was ill.,.I couldl;Ieat:i nothing' more ftoin- the servant than That she.-was delirious;and; thougth tort moented lby an insatiible thirst,:,she:suf "fered the severestjspasms' at lblie. iiiere: sight of.wtater. I?stood ifor oati hourior lmore ivatlehingi thie shadows.- which -p-sed across the I l 'talns.of iher? c.han, ler -window, likei-:icloiuds, across ;lthe, ri-ght firmament- of my happiness. The next evening :': learned; that i site Phad. been::;takena: away .for .:more skilful.'treatment of in, disorders- whleh ,threatened her life;. whither. the- see ?ant, -who. was our sole confidant, ,,was oncertain; and apparently without.any good reason for her belief that it was to ?'ranice. I was inconsolable and fret fui:y intolerant.t of the kindly efforts. of my two friends to interest me int new researhees and expet-iments. The lee ture-room, the dissecting-room, the hPs-. pitals, even the theatre, p'esented .?no allurement of my grief-stricklen spirit. I wandered the streets during the.day time. and at night I ltauntted the. ho?ne of my beloved one, hungering -for.., thq mer-st scraps of .newls concerning ..her. I suppose I slo'med so. severe. effects of ?ay anxiety, in my pale.face and sunket eyes that : really alarmed asiany friend. holnairder, slto .?i illt insisted upon a chanige of_ sctie andt, air . ad;., '.ccon.. panted me to, a qittetRaterang-place.pear I-.,lihie we' renatned, a week,, A lover 'solicltude for lil sick mistress is -not to be eired -by-h; '~iuphurl'faths and dratughts of .brackish-mineralh water,and and it w.'s watith this i _coiviction that we returned to oa?., lodgings.., in.. - street at the otld of the aforesaid time. We found our -il, ,.tlhe Russian, -in nothing' mite IltFer-sted ti-tn i.an .tile analysits etf a- mad dog's brain.. Nothing was wanting .to complete his happlnes., he said, but a human br-ain similarly affected with which to compare the canine's. tollander -became immediate ly interested in this expleriment. which promised novel discoveries and de-elop ments. T!hey.Yainly sought to interest me in their theories. What was a mad tiog's brain to me? My own was mad enough. Fired with youthful ardor,i a.n:l the irne student's yearning for a deeper understanding of a puzzling proposition, any friends searched the wards of seve ral of the large city hospitals, and re turned on the evening of the following day elated by. several discoveries. The cases represented the ditfferent phases ani stages of the disease. but their inte rest lay chietly-in a single case in the Q- Hospital. Their patient was a beautiful young girl, they told me,wltose young life must soon succumb to the dreadful malady. The Russian's only sorrow arose from the fact that her friends would probably never permit her beautiful person to lie upon the dissect ing-table.. If she were only ugly, or friendless, or old, what great benefits would accrue to science from her mis fortine. On the. morning after the funeral of the unhappy girl, Hollander so artfully united the interests of the fair patient and her malady that I became deeply attentive to his elucidation of his theory of the disease. He dwelt so long upon the special importance of direct com parison between the human and the canine brain in the study of the dis temper, that I soon perceived him to Save become familiarised with the idea of a certain hazarhous, hideously repul sive project, which the Russian had. doubtless, proposed to him long before. He ended his discourse with a direct proposal of the venture, for which I was not unprepared. His strong influence over me, the stronger because hitherto only exerted for my good, together with a wild notion of sport, and a mad desire to forget for a time the pain in my heart, availed to win me to partake in the venture. It was left to the Russian to make all needful preparations, anC at midnight we set forth fully equipped for the work before usr. We threaded a wearisome maze of deserted, echoing streets, and near the end of half an hour, approach ed a little chapel, which stood before a gloomy, silent churchyard. Already I had more than once repented of my rash participation In the affair, and would now have abandoned it had I not feared the Russian's taunts and Hollander's contempt. The former now lighted a lantern, and lcd the way from the street through a gate into the churchyard, and along a path between the graves. After a long search he paused beside a mound of fresh-turned earth, and pointed- to a wreath which his own hands had laid upon it as a mark of its identity. "This is the grave," he said. "Wait here; I will return soon." HIe disappeared, arnd left us standing there in thoroughly wretched, but somewhat consolatory, companionship. I reow near to Hollander, and gazed fearfully about me in the gloom. The deep shades seemed to mask all familiar Shapes in glhostly covers. Old tomb Stones, blackened and stained by many Years' exposure,' and overgrown with noss, peered out from dark retreats, or, seeming weary with long standing, sought to incline themselves to restful attitudes. For a moment the moon broke through a cloud, and the dancing, qruivering shadows beneath my feet ap Dieared the phantoms of that life with Which the fertile grove in the daytime nust have teemed. After a few moments the Russian re appeared, bringing a pick and two l;pades, which he had procured in an Outhouse near the chapel. He handed us the spades, and, raising the pick, buried it in the mound with a thud Which sent.a thrill of horror through, me. "We must work hard," he said. "It is now one o'clock." They had made considerable pro Rress In the work of exhiumation before I felt able to isolat. lhan nwe had -ceached a depth of three or four'feet the Russian suggested that I should remain outside and act as guard. I gladly acquiesced, u.nd. with whatever consequence to iny weakened nerve.: would have rejoiced to have had any. reason to alarm them from aclhieving that hideous purpose. After the labor of a half-hour we heard the thud of the pick upon the wood of the iox eonclosing the coflin. In a few minutes the last shovelful of earth was thrown lout. and the lids of the box and collin removed. At the Rtussian's request I handed down to him the dark lantern, also a covered vessel and case of surgical instrumesnts which he lid hrought, and then, nearly faint ing. I retired out of view of the opera t!on. Still. by some strange friseination. F held my eyes fixed upon the open grave, which appeared like a lighted window in the abode of ghosts. A moment afterwards I heard again the iutssin's voice. "Pass down those gloves in my coat locket," it said, and added, in a lower tone to Itollander, "She was a beautiful girl. What halir! iVhat features!" T approahred the grave, and, in some acuriosity. iroused aby the last remark. I stooped to gaze on the pallid face in the cfrfllin. Vh ene wild shriek I start e(d back. and fell. "Oh. what is this? 'Iy (:oed! Estelle! Estelle!" Instantly - felt a Irouh l and uponl nmy mInouth.t and faintly hear'd the Russian's inuttered cause rt.d admonition, "i G still, you fool! or---" A long period of un~cnsenousaness fol lowed. fIromi whi:lh Ir was revived by f?eeling a glass of waster at my lips, and T. opened my yet ,upon the famillar fullrllitul of mIy iooln. lwhither li:d two frienlds. with untold effort. hltadireurri'ed nue froin the seeiie oft our unfinishe. enterprise.. For l'smonths afterwards T. was intoler itably distressed hv the mnir:e thought of that night's revelation. But it wrought a salutary change .in. my . habits. a.ld made o..me the semblance of a m.an. "West Lotthian .Courier." 