THE TEST! J ™-! si YOFESTHER •toil 0 CHAPTER X. Br BOMA WHITE. There is in Low Furness a village built on the margin of a tarn. The edt⩾ are old and grey, with rounded cliimney-Btaofas and outer staircases ofwam, mossy stone; tall reedB beli'fcA jriter, and 50110% flowers, in their season, foooiotn among the green. The hamlet is lapped in sloping elbver fields and deep cool hazel copses; on the eastern side a fell, overgrown with bracken and sprinkled with sheep and limestone boulders, divides it from an arm of the sea. To this village— LittloTannidtiisimiame—the mornings and eveuiqgs of siyaipercouieindew and perfume, and with song of birds. {,Tbe smell of tho waves never roaches it, but storm bringB the wailing of the sea-gullB and the white glint of their RHtleas^StrtngBvamoog ,-. clouds. Frosty nuLumn twilight woos the lonely fluting of the robin; and spring-dawns echo v to the whistle of the thrush. A certain wtbe'^carJTB!), broke with Bpajuwaad -f&grince; .'ovpr the ferny moor^SEMtoaSng^iets of night rose from the glittering surface it tha tarn; and the larks sprang upwards on all fides from tho pastures. Down the straggling road of the village boys and girls began tto pas in groups; the former clad in theirSnnday suits of fustian, the latter wearing red cloakB aud either high white caps or spreading hats. These children moved towards the Clin roll which stuod at one.end.of, the tarn, half hidden by trees of ptjfeia Mm yow. Among the moving figurei*wa!!"tiiat of ano^ld man with rosy puckered face, thin hair and irresolute lips; he wsb accompanied by a young girl, fresh, slim, and upright as a growing birch -ttoa, whose appearanoe attracted some attention from the villagers as she passed among them. A group of children, who fonght over a kitten upon a ditqr.step, desisted from their play to gaze a£uU JW. Prom fcaiirg they took to pointing, and a whisper ran throughtbeir rankB, burets of childish laughter accompanying it.. The girl beard, and flushed deeply; but she tttreiriip her small chin in defiascc of the pointing fingers, ..nd marched on wifchouk-atoecing -her pace. _ The old man turned, shook botli his head and his stick at the children, and then hurried after l/is companion. i " • . " Tbo Viftat-' ^f ijittle Tarneidc/who sat to tlie window of the Parsonage, pushed open the casement, and leant out. Overhearing what it was that passed from mouth to mouth he vanished from the windtow, only to re I appear, with lowering browB and flourishing j «ane at the door. At tbe sightof the parson* stick the children scattered like rabbits; for in those days offenders were summarily dealt j with by their village pastor, who was a fine specimen of the Cburcfh Militant. When the small sinners had dispersed, the Vicar | smoothed hiB brows, took off the weaver's ^pron which he wore, and returned into the house. " What's to do 7" asked his wife. " Those Ul-manuered brats are scoffing at Esther Jupp again." ' " Aye, they've picked up the> story that file's a fine gentleman's child, I suppose. I •fonder how much truth there is in that, Matthew ?" " There's no telling, Mary. It's-let me see—how many years ainoe Jerry game here ?" "It'll be seven come Michaelmas. Esther was a bit of a lassie then. It was queer that the tale shonld fdllow them up from Lym- •cot." 'There's something about Esther that isn't vjca tha other village girls. Maybe that's how it arose. But Jerry is vpry short to anyone who asks questions." " Well, it's bis business, and no one else's, I suppose. Is he going to be confirmed with llie children to-day ?" " Yes. He told me a week ago that he jite understood now confirmation was Jbmcthing more than the charm agairfet imallpox, or ghosts." " Do you walk all the way to Overstone?" Aye, as soon as I have read praycre •*re." The day was Thursday, when nearly all the jnhabitants of Little Tarnfeido carried their farm produce to Overstone-, the nearest market town. The Bishop had signified his intention of - holding a confirmation there on this particular Thursday; and the Vicar of Little TarnsidoHiad requested hiB own candidates to meptUJ-jtbeir parish church bafore they were -foraled into procession for the walk to Overstone. Others besides the candidates vrete gathering for service; and many of the worablppeps carried baskets of butter and eggs. It was customary for the congregation U> wait abirat the churchyard «ictil tbe bell ceased'its tinkle, and then to muster in twti thick lines on eithefBiBe-the-path.-and allow their Vicar to march Ml^taply between, tho donblejjarrelled company Shift iforme^. :He was always the first to enter the;church, and -fhe entire assembly trooped in his wibe, attfr which he walkgt ^up the . reading-desk, and donned bis lull wrn'te onrpli^ in their eight. He w^s^^atjlittle late this morning, and tbp.vjnterchange of gossip was brisk among liis patient flock. The girl called Esther'Jupp sat down on one of the decaying, toaib-Etones, and lifted her eyes to where the tuwer of the Cbarch stood out clear, square, and weather-stained tigaiust tiie sky. ^ As slip sat there a youqg farmer came into the churchyard with a little impoitiint, .bubLlp. Ho was stoat and led* cheeked, weiring a hrown coat and buSleggings, and ho flicked a whip about bis calves and ankle; as he passed through tbe graves. This gwrang. former paused and watched Esther£n'silenco.. Then his glance travMod on to the old .man, whom he regarded for a few mpniBnts frith a mixture j>f toleration and eontcmpt. ..Jerry Jupp was returning tlie gaze furtively, Iris face crinkled up into harrabsed and uuoasy pujkerB; ltis withered hands too trembled visibly as the other atrode across -the gravel pat'h of the churchyard, and teok'Up hin poBltion by Esther's side. Gopd day, Esthie." " Gobd day. McstherPhisacklea," she reapondedTjrieBy. .,--,. " (joiiddsy, Jerry." "Gobd day, sir," said Jerry, tremulously, the uneasiness on hie face increasing every moment, as Furmur Phizackloa stroked his ehki meditatively and fixed his round eyes on Esther's fclUBtering liair. " Flop iwjtather for th' lambs,'eh, Jerry IV " I won't contradick ye theer," Jerry agreed fiifilily, ltanlng on his stick, and letting Ids glanper£tarayel over the flat tombstone on which Sistber eat. She herself had turned away from-Uiwn Jioth, flushed and petulant. Khe did -not iiko JosMi l'Mzocklea, and she wished thatije would go away. ThelaArier, lioirever, had no intention.of leaving tbem. He had wooed Esther in .this j fashion, Sunday tofliirSunday. and hiB couit-1 as much a habit as I r a long bceath, and original suggestion 1 ! occurred to him. < c { g c " Will. ye; rids i* my cart t' Overstons fV ie asked, pointing jft-il-b hbi whip to Where bin hone stoodpatiently at the fcliuijjhyard gate. " It'* a goodisb step for b,lile body like -ypM '. BetherrtiranknowA- toiler grandfather, and shook her fcead. , "I'd rayder walk wi'Grandad,"shesaidwfth some confusion. The young farmer regarded her for a moment with bis broad smile of toleration and amusement. " Balder this, rayder that/ 1 he said at last, not iH-tpmpeiedly, "lassies an on common free ,wi' their ' taydeis ' i! these days. .Art too fine to ride'wi't' cabbages, Esthie?" " Aye," she answered shortly. " Whist, lassie, whist," put In Jerry, " it's a favour Mouther PiiSiacklea t' ax thee." "I care nowt tor 'u favours,*' she gaid,with some petulance, " I'se ha' nowt to do wi' him." Her hand had crept under Jerry's arm, and the old man patted the small brown fingers tenderly, even while Be turnett to J.osiah Phizacklea with a mixture of entreaty and apology. " She means nowt," he said gently, " she's nobbut a ttaaie." " Aye, an'thoo's nobbut an owd simple," responded Josiah, with wfne meaning in his tones, " or thoo'd tall hea-to gf t i't' oart wi' out such a to-do. It's ill quarrel in' wi' them as carrfce tGeee sort o' things i' their weskit pockets.' He put his finger and thumb into the little poeket of bis waistcoat, and drew out a crumbled piece of paper, which he held out to the old man. Aenys trouble had <j£cpened visibly during the altercation. He had kept patting Battel's hand soothingly, and now be answered with a certain tremulous dignity. ' I know wed. enough I'm i' th£ debt, itafetfSter'iPbizackiea. Thou'ee ha' thy faony Boon as I can larSeit- We'seteay no more about tbem things Y t' churchyard an' afore t' little wench." T' little winch an' t' churchyard be 1 danged!" said Jofciab, 1 1'little wench ha' htierd plenty o' talk aboyt thy debts, I reckon, and 'twon't do bo harm to t' corpses. See thee, Esthie Jupp," he continued, goodnaturedly enough, wiring the piece of crumpled paper in bis fingers, " ihou'se ha' that for a ride i' my cart t' Ovtfrstone an a kisB at t' other end o't' journey." The paper was Jerry's substitute for an LO.tT., and-Farmer PhizaokJea'smikd with broad triumph as he spread it out before Esther's eyes. Thes^, he reckoned, was a bait for mercenary feminine nature. Jerry's old face IBS puckered into a mixture of vri£tf$nfse and diEtrese.. He'looked eagerly at Esther, and yet trembled. This was evidently the first time that the jjirl had heard of the debt; and her glance flashed into in* digrmtion and then dimmed into dismay, She held out her hand for the paper, and clasped it fast, looking from Jerry to the former with a mingling of wrath and perplenty in bewtear eyes. As she stood there the fanner repeated his <Jtfer, chuckHqg loudly. Hp wonld have reiterated it a third time, bat, as his lips began to frame the sentence, a band came over Esther's Atoulder, and caught the paper from her fingers. " Mesther Phisacklea," said a voice, not loud, Uit vith a slight vitratian in its tones, which were singularly free from the village dialect, " you say ttom sort of thingB to my cousin again, and, confirmation or no con firmation, 111 duck you in tfie tarn." Fhizacklca turned, and laughed his slow laugh as he met the resolute glance of a tall, broad-shouldered bey. Then be jerked the handle of bis whip in the direction of Jerry, agd answered the lad without any ebullition of annoyance. Th' Grandad was wiliin' enow to clinch t' bargifin, Tflaothy Jnpp. Keep tliy nose oat o' other pigs' troughs, my lad." Timothy Jupp made no reply to tire farmer'e graphic fashion of telling liim to mind his own business, but ha folded tbe paper with resolute precision, and handed it back to its owner. Thcnt turning h*is back on Jogiah altogether, he addressed his grandfather in tones of some impatience. Come, Grandad 1 Mr. Eglin isa,tth' Vicarage gate." And without a sefcond glance in the direction of Phisacklea, Tim slung his basket upon one arm, drew Esther's band under the other, and led her away between th,e gravestones and through the lorfg churchyard grass. Tho arrival of the Vicar prevented Josiah —who -was always^low in liis search for expression—from launching any sarcasm tit Tim. Tile congregation began to uftive into i the church, and Fhicacklea went back to hiB cart, and turned tfi6- horse's hoadiatfre direction of Overstone. As he went; he muttered a little to himself, and his face beame slightly contemptuous. ' A fine gentleman's child, as they call ber !" he grunted, half-audibly. " Much food her fine gentleman father ha' dono her. She's no cause to give any honest mon the o-by. But .they're a' alike Is women, they're a' alike." Meanwhile, Timothy Jupp, passing into hurch with his pre{fy cousin, found time to whisper a caution in her ear. See, Esthie, I fprbi'd yoQ to speak to that pig-headed cbSpiagoin." _ . ^ yThee forbidsnis,-. Wm J" "-T 7 1%e pirl hadTe'coverod herself, god glanced up with a slightly mischievoua look in her eyes. Aye, an Jts my right, tbo, Esthie., „ . - i j t» • Grandad's getting old, and I've a right to.. look after ynu. You're only alaSSiu-afler „• : j : Tim spokn the last words as it t|lcy clinched Irlie argument, and then,' turning to ! his trandfilher, altered hiB uaie. -H T ; • : J " Here,Grahda*a; : tli' bbkcWare piled "up ! inlhe.porch. Ours will 'come to no harm j among f others, jmd we can pick 'em up on ' onrwayout." j The short service was soon over, and then ! the procession of candidates was formed in tho road outside tbe churchyard. Tbe Vicar ' called to Tim to come aWH hold one pole of i the tall banner which floated like a crimson • sail in the morning air. Tim hurried forward ' with a look of pridi* and kindly hands soon I relieved him or hiB market basket. Tbe lads ' and lassies were quickly formed into line, and then the word of command ' whb given, and they moved Off. CHAPTER II. Visitors to Windermere—"'luliere," they , used to bo called by the people of tho distriet—are nowadays well aqguaintod with the 1 station of Overstone. Man}' new houses have ' sprung up within late years, but at the end of the laet century the houses were clustered unevenly together along narrow cobblcpaved streets. The market-place then, as : now, was merely a short, rather wide road ] leading to the market-cross. Hither, on I Thursday mornings, the farmers drove their carta, and, unharnessing their plump, horses, led them away to be stabled iu the various Inns; while thecarts.inclinlrig on their shafts towards the centre of the street, formed a barricade of primitive stalls on either side of the way. On this particular. Thursday morning,how ever, -the farmers and their wives bed gat beted about the churchyard gates to have a look at the " confirmation," In (lie .front ranks of the crowd stood Josiah jPhlzacklva, a broad smile upon face. The smile spoke as plainly asi^ny Word's,. Josiah'a opinion that "copfirmai- Uo'nin' ' , « l »» work for women, children;|ani parBons. He turned away, after Eslher and hir grandfather had passed into the chareb, and strode slowly down tho hill, his mind still full'of, the wooing of this sweet perverse woman. An old farmer, in buff leggings, was standing among &e; pens at tho fobt.of tbe hill, and he called oat to Josiah to ask for Jerry Jupp, adding that he " \Fant$d*a bit.o' brass from him." Josiah perked his thumb expressively in the direction of the chufEh, and talked on . with a significant gesture of the head. He had a wide contempt'for Jerry, in whiob; somehow, he could not help including hi/ granddaughter ; yet, when an hon^later, iPhiia&klca; watched Esther selling her'batter among the other lassies of the district, he felt tbat it wus as impossible to IcmoVe his slotfly> working fan<;y from her aa it,w*a to drive a floOk of sheep, single handed, Ehrough' a mouutaiu-beek. lio wajbh'ed ber from a distance, and saw the farmer in the buff leggings speaking to ber grandfather, and a look of anxious trouble aulldenly ovenipreading the brightness of tbe girl's faoe. 3)im was not with.them, arid bad his grandson been-in the market-place Jerry would not have tamed to Esther as he did after Farmer Johnson had loft tbaqi, and betrayed the tronblo that mado his .face qmver and his voice break to trembling. To conceal the extent of his difficulties from Tim had been Jerry's endeavour for the laat twelve months. Tim was ap clever, and was going to lift tbem all some day. - Jerry cojild notbear to think of the way In which Tim would look at him if he fountl out tlie truth about tlieso debts. He would nut conceal the scorn and indignation be felt, and he wouldvery likely go and throw up his schooling, an'd take a job in a weaving shop at cighteonpence a wecbi " Estli-ie," said Jerry quaverin^Iy, patching Farmer J dl injun's broad back les^bnihg in the perspective of the street, " Esthie, lstfeie, say nowt o' this to Tim." " Ihj ye owe a Jot o' money, Grandad ?" Esther asked anxiously: Aye, a goo'dibh bit. But I duanot want Tim to know o't." " Tim 'uil be vexed, for vuce." " He wo'ilft that, Esthie, he nould that. I doubt sometimes I'se be able-to pay 'em a'." *But,Urandud, what'11 ye do if ye conna?" demanded tho girl in sudden consternation* "Tee be able to pay if th' Lord wills, Esthie," the old man tultt her,with a curious mixture of irqegponsibilit^ and faith. ! J3«ther pondered this view of the question "fciltfrice fur a time. The noise oboist tlie. market-place bcpifi to hush iato.quictriess; tlie hordes were brought from the inns aud liarntsscd, and tbo carta rumbled away. Jerry, whose butter and egga were nearly all sold, counted out his money, and sang to himself iu bis thin cracked old voice. Esther glancing' VP at him, felt a Budden vague weight of responsibility. She realised dimly that ber grandfather was unfit to bear the burdens of life. "Grandad" sho said suddenly, "thoo'd best let me tell Tim." A ^i£dow oT troubled alarm fell over the old, wrinkled, irresolute face. "Hay, nay, tlioo ntupnot tell Tim," he answered, " theeris np ca' to tell him yet awhile. He'd do Biruini&tcia;^y. H<£b not like thoo an' me! He's had a flne sight o' larnin', an' he aels so rash some times that I've tliot th' cddication nfUBt ha' gone to's head." ** Weel, thoo munnot fret, Gmidad," said Bstho- thoughtfully. " We'se talk it ower. just tlioo an' me, wi' no one.by. I mun tak' these eggs across to Widow Green. She'll alius buy any as are left ower o' market days." She disappeared within the swinging door of a little shop, and Jenry tried to smooth out the distressed puckers in fels old faoe, as he suddenly saw Tim striding cheerily down tbenarrow hilly Btreet into the marketplace, all the blood in his'veuiB tingling with youth and tarcngfh. Cactliing sight of un did woman, with a ftfto like a withered Westmorland pippin, endeavouring to harness a rather dilapidated donkey to a little light cart, the lad sprang forward to assist her,^Id- Justing ; tho traecs and buckling tbe straps with quiuli, easy adroitneBB. While he was thus occupied, Esther came ont of th$ shop again, running almost into tbe arms of Farmer Piiizacklca, who was standing on tho step, lingering liis tobacco-pouch thoughtfully, ae if in uncertainty whether to replenish it this afternoon, ortowaituntil next market-day. Ae Esther precipitated hergblf against him, he turned round with a " Whoa theer;" then, pareeiving who it was, looked embarrassed and sel^cohseiouB, and began begging her pardon, and poshing his fingers through liiB hair.; tfhe unexpected concussiqn with the farmer's portly figure had jerked a fan pence from Eulher'B hand on the paving-stones of the street, where they- spiln round among tho muddy interstices of the pebbles. Shj) stooped to jrecover them; then, as «the lifted herself upright ag^in, she looked stmigBt at him|without ablush or'a falter and made a proposal. " Mesther Phizocklea, I'll ride heme i* •tlli 1 ' cart tooight, if tlioo likes." . " Eli? wilt 'oc?" "Aye. An' pay thoo wi* a kimforyjn bit.o' paper thoo showi^ me this mornin'." •'Get i' l' c:rrl first," Said Pbizacklea, with . ..... ., - , .. ... n. not unkindly smile, end a side wag of his : , ' r . L , . , Lsthcr frowned petulantly, and tben lier ^ok a rca,lute curve, " Van.. weel, phe sai<J. •• I mun just tell ^rawlW- And she icroBsed : ^ MroeVto wllfeW hloo d P" 1 ™"? wattingVithWie babUets. : " I'm Roin' to rido home wl' Mesther Pliizocldea." i " v../i: T i m J u T J looln:<1 at her "f 61^11^ ^ not h P Kn in topn the old man would have B"™" - a ready consent to EBther'B prpposi' tion; but tho eight of tliat erect young figure dihtance made hiin waver, " I d""' 1 Ti "' > Texe d - dearie," ho B n f d irresolutely. ; "Then he mun be, vexed," Esther told bini quickly, " for I'sefeoln' to do't." Bile set her pretty white teeth firmly ever her nether lip, and, marching off, clambered into the rod cart, bearing Farmer Phizacldca's broad cbupklo of triumph as ho mounted after her, raid took the reins into 1™ hands. Sho looked round for'Tinvlrat be stood a hundred yards off, .with his back to then), still exchanging jokqs with the old mnrket- woman. He was'in the Bame attitude when the cart turned tbo corner that led nway from the market-place, and began jogging with tolerable speed in the direction of Little Tarnside. The fresh b*eeso' rafiled tbo little rings of htfir on Esther's forehead as sho-peeped at the young farmer from under her eye-lashes, with meditative toleration in her glance. "How much does Grandad owe ye,Mesther Phizacklea?" she alked timidly, whep the cart had rumbled acroBS the bridge' that spanned Badley Beck. " Five pun,six, an' sevenpence ha'penny." " To niver lent it him, for sure ? " - \- " Not I. I dunno throw good money in t' gutter i' (bat way. He bought a plough, an' ' enowdishchurn,an'twoorthreeotherthings ' off Ofe laatbuikend, an' I towd him I'dif^it to be paid till t' Spring.' (I'id no use for 'en. hthi ehoilldna' ha' ]had 'cm wi'out t' brass |i;?} i; J ;. i AH'-aro-ye .vrtllln'ib ii'efep ;«'iiin yonbit*)' vonbit«' paper to me for a kiss, as"ye said ?" There was po shyness about Esther's face as she adced the question. She regarded this transaction as a pure matter of business. But Josiah'a lips lengthened into their broad smile of self-importance. " I dunno," he said, wagglnghis head with would-be shrewdness. " Ye said ye would," Esther flashed out in quick indignation. " for shame, when ye would. Gie me thi,word on't,Mesther Phiiackloa, or stop t' cart, an' set me down to widk." "Whoa, my -lass, whoa!" replied the farmer, rather disconcerted at this sudden Outburst. " Till tongue wags faster than Lassie's tail. I niver said I wouldn't, did 11 Eh 1 but women are waur .to manage than a litter o' young pigs!" The lone narrowed as they drew near to Little Tarnside, and at lastrtlie rooffe^of th* grey cottages oame in tii^ht, with silvery glimpses uf tbe tarn Bbiniqg between them; -and Esther sot upright in the cart, and put her bands to straighten her hat. Josiah pulled np his horse outslde.her^grandfather's gate, and was turning to herj when she suddenly sprang to her feet and pointed to the yard. " Eh! Mesther Phizacklea, theer's a cart i't* yard.-" " Aye, so theor be," said Josiah in slow wonder, his glance following the direction of her pointing Bqger. - A somewhat beavylooking vehicle was drawn 'up upon ths round paviqg stones of the yard, and a little man, in a seedy-looking suit of black, sat, half-Aazing, upon the driving-seat. Another man h'ad located himself within the deep stone pcreb, and only'betrayed his presence by a -stout ]6g clad in blue worsted and terminated by a wooden clog.. Neither of them had moved at the Bound of Pbizaoklqa's curt, aHd they appeared to have fallen asleop at their post. The young fa ruler did not speak for a moment, but eat eyeing both tbe into aud their equipage with un intent look. * What's to do, I wonder?" said Esther, still in wide-eyed perplexity, " 1 mun go and ax." "I wouldna ax too much, Esthie," said tbe fanner, who appeared to have mafe up his mind about something. " Why—what dosla mean?" demanded Est-her, wonderingly. 4 < Theer's no good news for ye i' their moulhB," said Josiah, decidedly. *' Dosta know 'em?" inquired tho girl. " Know 'cm—noti' my house," he told ber not without the half-pleasant feeling of excitement that is apt to attend the misfortunes of our neighbours, "I doubt they're t' sheriff's otticcnf; Eli! Esthie thoo'n getten as white as inv owd mother's dough?'' " Will—will they put Grandad i' prison?" Esther gaxped out, holding tight to the side of tho cait, in the strange giddiness that had seized upon her. " Kay, they'll niver do that. They're come for t' livestock, that's a'." '•Wort' livestock" " Aye, but yo've nobbut gettrn two cows. They'll tak* one o' thcm.surc enow, an' botb, if t' debts a big 'un," said JoBiuh, gloomily not with any wish to add to Esther's troublq, but from tbe natural tactlessness of hiB nature. " Oh, Mesther Phizacklea, help us—thoo mun help ub" .Esther cried imploringly, tho boars streaming down her chccks, as she looked up into bis face. I'll go an' speak to 'em," the farmer said dismounting from the cart,and throwing the reins on to tbe horse's back. "Thoo bide wlyer thoo arte till I comes back." (To be continued.) 