THE. NOVELIST. THE JAPANNED CASH BOX (BY JAMES MCGOWAN.) You're wanted up at the office." A policeman tapped me on, the shoulder, with these words, as I was going down the High street at a smart walk. " No ?" I said incredulously, for I had just left it, and on business too. "It's true I was sent to call you back. I rather think there's a man there who will speak to nobody but you." I got back at once, and saw the " man " ' -a gentleman of between forty and fifty seated in a chair, and looking very excited and exhausted. He had a peculiar appearance. He was prematurely old. His hair had been jet black, but was now thickly interspersed with grey and silvery white. His face had evidently been handsome, but it was now sunken and bloated, and his eye, now dull and leaden, only at intervals showed gleams of brilliance and power. A glance told me he was a drunkard. "You are Mr. McGowan?" he said, speaking with quiet dignity. I must speak with you alone.'' The room was cleared at once, and I waited in quiet curiosity for him to speak. -"My name is Ramsay. I have called about a strange thing that has been done to me, which. I don't think that it is right for a quiet, inoffensive person like myself to submit to," he began, with growing excitement. "I don't know who is the author of the outrage that you must discover. I spoke of it to my landlady, and she professes to know nothing about it. Perhaps she, too, is in the plot." He appeared to expect an answer, so I said, "Perhaps. Would you be good enough to state what the outrage was r"' " Briefly this: I rent a room in Buc clench street. I have always paid the rent regularly eight shillings a week and I am bound to confess the landlady has hitherto been kind and attentive. ' Last night, however, I suddenly discovered that she had knocked a hole right through the wall at a corner of the room next to the back green. I felt a little cold, of course, but made no complaint, until three or four ferocious-looking wolves came in by the. aperture and seized me by the small of the back. I cried out, for they were sucking the very heart out of me, and the moment the landlady appeared they retreated by the hole and disappeared. Well, what do you think ? When I complained of them, and the hole by which they had entered, she had the audacity to say that there was no such a hole there! i Yet the very moment she was gone they came and again fastened on my back. They have left me so weak that I could hardly walk here." Before he had got half of this spoken I saw what was wrong. The man was suffering from delirium tremens. "I will bring a gentleman to you who will be able to advise you much better that I can," I said, and shortly returned with a medical inspector. My opinion was at once confirmed, and the doctor took me aside and whispered: "Take him home in a cab and send for his doctor. He is evidently a gentleman, and would not like the idea of being attended as a pauper by a public medical man," and then, turning to the visitor, he talked to him smooth ingly and good-humouredly till the cab had arrived. I accompanied him, and had to listen to some strange talk on the way. "I know I can trust you," he said, confidentially, "but there is one point which I may tell you I have not yet touched upon. I am afraid I will not be allowed to enter my room, even when we get there." "Not enter your room ! and why ?" " Because when I was leaving I heard ( some officers from Ireland enter and take possession of it, saying they were in search of me as a Fenian." To soothe him I assured him that I would soon send the "officers" to the right-about. He appeared, pleased, but soon began on another table, from which he was not so easily diverted. " Would you believe it they are also plotting against me to steal my watch."' I glanced at his waistcoat. No traces of a water were visible. "Ah, you need not look there for it," he put in quickly. "It is too valuable to be carried. I will, show it to you when we get to the lodging. It was my mother's. It is nearly a hundred years old, and was once in the possession of George II. They say that the carving on it is never equalled nowadays." I thought that the watch and its belongings were the offspring. of his own disordered brain, but I was wrong. I said I would seemed to look at it. "And who are they that wish to steal it?" I asked, fancying at the moment that he looked tolerably sane. The unsettled look returned to his '. eyes. "I don't know," he said, fidgeting un- easily. " Perhaps you can find out that forme. Of this, however, I am almost certain she is one of them."- . "Who?" My landlady." " ' ' 2 The words were given in an excited whisper, and with an impressive laying of the finger on the lip. The cab stopped at the same moment. .- e, The landlady, a decent-looking, hard- working widow, appeared greatly relieved at the sight of her lodger. One look passed between us, and we understood each other perfectly. As for the lodger, he- walked into the kitchen and quietly sat down on one of the well scrubbed chairs. "Oh, for sale gled ye've brought him back again," whispered the landlady with tears in her eyes. He was have cost an' I was frighten oot o' my judge mention' MR engages, so I just let him gang-" " Have bia, medical man here imme- diately," said quietly. "I will stay till you come back, and try and get him tombed. Your house will be quite safe with me," and I mentioned my name and employment, and she hurried off. "Hadn't? you better go into your own room now ?" I suggested to Mr. Ramsay. "I would prefer it snatch to sitting here at ft SO cold," he sneeringly replied. "But the officers-they are waiting for me ?" " Oh, I will soon get rid of them," I said, moving towards the door. He jumped and caught me by the arm. 4 "No, no, you would only irritate them," he fearfully whispered. "Still, if you would go in and say that the gentleman is cold, and would be obliged if! they would let him come in, perhaps they would stretch a point and allow it." I nodded, got into the room, and returned with the word that it was "all right." Then he followed me like a child. When he got into the room, he began fumbling away under the bed-tick, as if in search of something, and I had a moment to look round. All his things were arranged with great neatness and care. Among other ' articles which caught my eye was a shining little japanned tin box standing on the top of a neat letter-rack, and legibly lettered Cash. My reason for mentioning it in particular will appear before I am done. Another fact may as well be borne in mind the house being on the first floor, to raise the window and step out into the back green would not only have been practicable but easy. Well, who then was the thief ? \- I turned to my companion. His arm was now buried to the shoulder between the W tick and the mattress, and to my surprise he pulled it forth, and with it a magnificent gold watch, He placed it in my hands for inspection, and I must say that his encomiums had not been in the least extravagant. It was a splendid piece of workmanship. The figures, carved on the back stood out fully an eighth of an inch in relief. X praised it and admired it warmly, saw four stow it away in its hiding place, and then induced him to strip himself and get into bed. Soon the doctor arrived, and I turned to leave. " Watch her-keep your eye on her The eagerly whispered to me, with his eye fixed fearfully on the landlady. " I'm sure she wishes to steal it. I would rather lose my life than that watch. "Will you promise, Mr.-Mr.-I've for- gotten your name ?" '. promised she shall not touch it if I know it." He appeared relieved - smiled out faintly, and bade me good day. Then I left, and saw him no more. But I heard about him. One ds', about a week after, the land- lady appeared at the office wringing her hands and crying most bitterly. She asked for me, but it was some time before she was calm enough to give me the following particulars \\- a Mr. Ramsay, her lodger, was dead. After I had left him, and he had taken a composing draught, 193 had appeared to be a good deal better, so much so that at night his own request that he should be left "alone was complied with. In the middle of the night, however, the landlady was awakened by hearing him rummaging about the room, and shutting and opening windows, doors, and boxes. The sounds did not cease or abate in any degree. On the contrary, they went on increasing till she imagined he was performing a rapid race round the room, overturning everything as he ran. A sudden booming crash made her leap out of bed and rush into the room. A woeful scene of wreck met her eyes. A splendid mirror was smashed to atoms, and the floor and fireplace was one litter of broken china, ornaments, books, papers, chairs, bottles, and other odds and ends. Mr. Ramsay was sitting on a chair in his drawers and nightshirt quite unhurt, chuckling quietly to himself, and remarking that he had had a grand chase after them round the corners "like a steam engine." Of course, he was put to bed. and watched unremittingly by the landlady from that time ; but this appeared to be the latest effort of the dreadful malady, for he gradually sank, and in two days was HO more. Now came the cause of the landlady's distress. His friends had been telegraphed for, and had arrived that morning The first thing they looked for was the gold watch he had shown me. It was gone. The room was searched, and every box ransacked in vain. Then some strange looks, and some words perhaps heedlessly dropped-caused the honest widow to start round and hotly demand whether they thought she had stolen it? Some awkward words followed, and then, bursting into tears, the widow came running all the way to the office to seek my advice. 'Did you look between the bed-tick and the mattress ?" I asked. a No." " I will go with you ; I think you will find it there."' I went, but we did not find it there. I looked foolish, and felt angry. I had made sure of finding it where I had seen him hide it. Mr. Ramsay's brother, who had superintended the process, appeared equally puzzled and concerned. I turned to the landlady. " Has no one else been in the room ?" "No a body, sir, as I'm a leaving woman. He had save many valuable things that I was feared, and keepit the door and locked as' the key in my pocket." " "Who dressed the body ? I suppose it was dressed before it was taken into the other room ?" " I dressed him myself. Oh, sir, have been as careful of his things as if they were my own and I would wring a flea," tearfully returned the landlady. " I came, for the life of me, think see the watch has seen amissing'." I ran my eye round the room in as complete a maze as herself. Everything had been tidied up, but I missed something. " Who cleaned up the room ?" I asked a little sharply. " I cleaned it up myself." "Then, where did you put the little japanned box that stood on the letter rack there ?" "I never saw it. I have seen it for about a week, I think no since that day you brought him home. " That's strange." " Yes, I thocht safe, though he never kept anything in it, and I spoke to him about it next day." for did. Well, what did he say ?" "He said something, but he didna speak to see me. He whispered it to the doctor." "And you have never seen the box since ?" . j. N "No; I'didna believe it's the loose." " Very good. Perhaps the watch and it have gone together. Don't worry yourself about them, Mrs. Reid; perhaps they are safe enough;" and I at once took leave and made my way to George square. I found the doctor at home, and with some difficulty obtained an interview. '"Did Mr. Ramsay entrust you with any article of value-a watch, for instance ?" I asked, when I had introduced myself. . He stared. "Never," he said at last. "Never hinted at such a thing." Where? Here was a blow to my hopes. "Not a little cash box, made of japanned tin ?" I added still faintly clinging to the idea. " Nothing nothing." "Do you not remember seeing such an article on the table in his room ? "' " I cannot say that I do." "Try to think. When you were in the room the day after you were called in did the landlady, in your hearing, not ask Mr. Ramsay about such a box ? " " Yes, I believe she, did." " Can you recollect his answer? " "Yes, it was an odd one. He whispered to me that she wished to rob him of his watch."' " Did he say anything more on the subject ? " "Not a word. He was only saving; life I am certain he spoke no more about the watch while I remained." That was all that I could get out of him. As I came away my reflections were of a rather useful character. Here was a pretty mess to unravel. A watch was gone, and with it an empty tin box and so far as I could judge, no ordinary thief had taken it. From the first, I may say, I laid it down that the widow was the rub. Had we only known how the watch had gone-had a burglary been committed, a pocket picked, of a dishonest person admitted to the room the drafting of the criminal would have been plain sailing. A minute description of the missing articles was distributed among the whole force, and the whole city - slums, brokers, known receivers, pawnshops, and jewellers overhauled and ransacked. But we (didn't get them. Worse, we didn't so much as hear of them. I was neither surprised nor disappointed. It was exactly what I had anticipated. But I was surprised when I received the following scrap of writing one afternoon a few days later. It was brought to the head office in breathless haste by a ragamuffin, and written in pencil :- v " Come with the bearer. I've found the lid of the cashbox. A little boy had a string tied to it, and was using it as a go-cart, at the head of the Westport. I'm waiting here for his father coming in from his work. MCSWEENY. < '. West Port, 4.30." I at once got to the house-the squalid garret of an Irish labourer and found M'Sweeny making himself useful by handling a refractory child on his knee, and syuipathiäingly condoling with the mother. He showed me the japanned lid, and, though it was a good deal scratched, I knew knew it at once. He had noticed it in the child's possession on the street, had got out of him that " his father gave it to him, had taken him home, and was now patiently waiting for his father to make his appearance. We had not long to wait. He came in hot. tired, and dusty, and naturally looked surprised at finding strangers awaiting him. I showed him the lid. " Where did you get that ?" " Sure I found it there's no harm in that is there ?" " Not the least. Can you remember where you found it ?" "Faith I can. 'Twas in front of a watchmaker's shop in the Lothian road." " Which-the one near the shop ?" " Yes. It was lying among the sweep- ings. The box was there, too, but 'it was crushed and broken so I didn't like it." "We. gave the man a trifle and left the house, taking the lid with us. Two minutes' walk brought us to the watch- maker's shop in the Lothian road. Before entering we took a look at the window. All at once we both whistled right out, and incredulously faced each other. There, staring us in the face, with its beautifully-carved back turned outwards, was the missing watch. Unlike every other watch in the window, it had no ticket of' price attached. ! We entered the shop and were at once attended to by a young lad, who, I was glad to say, did not know either of us. "Would you let me see that gold watch with the carved back now in the window ?" It was placed in my hand, and if I had any doubt as to its identity it must have vanished at once. "What is the price ?" I carelessly inquired. " I rather think there is no price put upon it yet," was the answer. " It has only been in the window a few hours. We only got it last night." " Ah, I see. We belong to the detective staff. Will you let me look at your book containing the entries for yesterday ?" "I can let you see the book, but I don't think you will find that entered in it." "And why?" " Because we didn't buy it." " Didn't buy it Then who left it " An intimate friend of my father's. He left it on condition that if we sold it he would give us whatever commission we chose to ask on the transaction." " His name and address ? He opened the back of the watch, took out a thin slip, and read James Nelson, No. e, Fountain Bridge." ' " Very good. I must, see Mr. James Nelson. This watch has been stolen, and it is almost certain that we will be forced to take possession of it; but in the meantime I will leave it here with my companion. While I am gone you had better send for your father." "I will. But if it has been stolen I'm sure Mr. Nelson cannot be the thief, for he is -a sterling, upright, religious man." v "Theatre will be able to account for having it in his possession. Till he does so he is presumably the thief." I said no more, but left the shop, crossed over into Fountain Bridge, and with some hunting found the house-a half-flat on the third storey. I heard them singing a hymn inside, so I waited till they had finished, and then gently rang the bell. An elderly woman his wife, as I found admitted me and showed me into the kitchen, where was seated the man I sought. / He was a fine-looking old man, a trifle stern, perhaps, in his bearing, but in appearance the very antipodes of a thief. An open Bible lay on the table before him. He looked up in surprise, but laid aside his spectacles at once, and at my request dismissed his wife and daughter. You left a gold watch with the watchmaker over there to sell ?" "I did." " Where did you get it?" His eyes fell, and he appeared confused. Still, it was not the confession of guilt. I could make that much out, and wondered accordingly. "What right have you to ask?" he said at last, having taken time to think. " The best of rights. I am a detective. The watch has been stolen, and I have traced it to you. Where did you get it?" "Well, then, if you must know I found it." " A likely story." He rose from his seat and looked me full in the face with his own flushed to the eyebrows." '. Sir, I am not a liar !" I felt rebuked, and said so. ' " Well, then," I said, frankly, taking his hand, " if you are not the thief, tell me all you know about it." " Well, sir, you must know that last week a favourite cat of ours died, and it being about fitting time my wife did not like the idea of throwing it into the street to be kicked about like a tin pan by-the street boys, and she asked me to bury it in the green at the back of the house." I looked out of the window. "There is no green at the back of the house." " Not here ; but we were in No. -, Buccleuch street. then." Buccleuch street! He, ho! Well proceed.' " I took the car down, but while digging my trowel struck something hard. I thought it was a stone, and put in my hand to pick it out. But it wasn't it was a small japanned tinned box. I shook it. I slipped it into my pocket, hastily finished burying the cat, and hurried off to my work. The first quiet corner I came to I opened the box and found a round bundle of flannel, and inside of it the gold watch you speak off." '. Well, why didn't you at once give it up to the police ?" "Because I've heard that they just keep the things that are found when they are not claimed, and the finder gets nothing. I believe I did wrong in that." " You most certainly did, as you may find presently to your cost." " But I advertised it." Where? When?' " Whenever I found it-in the Scots TOCUl." " Have you the paper handy." He produced it, and I read the following scrap, in an obscure corner : *'. Watch found. Owner may have it on describing it, and where lost, and paying this. No. 1358." " I'm afraid this won't save you much. Why did you not give a more lucid description ?" " Because I was afraid someone might apply for it who had no right to it." , " But why did you conclude that it was yours, and you had a right to sell it, because no one applied for it in the short space of a week ?" " I'll tell you the truth, sir. I really did not think the watch had been lost." " What then ?" , " The watch was so old-fashioned that I thought perhaps it had been buried, there hundreds of years ago, and that the owners were long since dead' "Well, even in that case, don't you know all treasure trove belongs to the Crown? You would have lost nothing by giving up either, for it is custom army to present the finder with full value in the coin of the real" " I certainly have heard something of each a law, but where was I to find the Crown ? " " Through any of its appointed agents -the police, the revenue, the" magistrates and so forth. But surely you are not so ignorant or silly as to think that they used japanned tin cash boxes hundreds of years ago to hide away their treasure in " "I don't know. I did not think of that." " I am sorry for you but I may tell you plainly I think you'll suffer for it. It will be a matter of imprisonment at least " He was ashy white in a moment from alarm, and the tears crept into his eyes as he incredulously gasped out " Yon-you cannot mean that, you're joking." "I am not. I never was more serious in my life. You'll have to come with me. You've got yourself into an ugly mess, and I can only hope that you will get out of it safe." He was shaking like a leaf now; indeed, his agitation became so great that I had to help him to put on his things. "What a pity I did not tell my wife about it," he groaned at last, when he was ready to go. " She would have advised me rightly." "Did you not tell her even ?" " I said nothing about it to anybody."' That only made it look worse. I thought so ; but his pallor and pitiable look put a seal on my lips. There was a nice crying match when his wife and daughter were summoned and informed of the state of affairs ; but there was nothing else for it-he must go and be locked up in gaol like any ordinary felon. His wife went" off in great distress to tell her minister, while he followed me to the watchmaker's. The master himself had arrived, and from him I learned how it happened that the japanned box had accidentally been broken and thrown out with the sweepings. Great efforts were made to save Nel- son from the ignominy of a public con- viction for he was really respected by a very wide circle of acquaintances, and, I believe, at the bottom a good man-but the offence was of too great a nature to be passed over. Owing to the influence brought to bear on his case, and some evidence which cropped up to confirm his story, he was not convicted of theft, but wilful detention of property. He got thirty days, and, I have no doubt, came out of prison a wiser and more honest man in the deepest sense of the word. The same evidence which saved him explained how, the watch and box came to be buried in the green. Very late on the night before the stranger was found an ailing resident in an opposite house saw or fancied he saw the ghost of a mail clad in white get out at a low window and furtively dig a hole and bury something in it, after which he leaped in again, closed the window, and was seen no more. The window was proved to be that of the room occupied by Mr. Ramsay, and the night on which the ghost emerged from it was the identical one on which he " chased them round the corners like a steam engine." With the cunning of a maniac, and under the impression that he was about to be robbed of his darling watch, he had buried it outside his window. And had he recovered and no cat died in the flat overhead-it is probable that to this day he would never have known or remembered what become of the japanned tinned cash box Dundee Evening Star. 