TO WORKING MEN. Do not be misled by your leaders. Pon der the mystery of some of them having suddenly discovered so violent an interest in you. Or admit in the most generous way the purity of their motives, but con sider whether they are really qualified to advise you on the great question of federation. Have you ever been truly bene fited by the counsel of those amongst them who are most intimately connected with you, even on matters concerning which they should be competent to speak ? If not, can you safely trust their capacity to guide you along the path of federal union ? What study have they given to the subject? And if they have studied it aright, and if-they understand it, and if they are not swayed by mere obstinate prejudice, for what reason do they resist the efforts to unite the Democrats of South Australia in a Demo cratic Commonwealth ? Why is there not on the anti-federal side one solitatJT7 * man who has evar ;• bae1* prominent in the service of the people* Why 1b • there only one who ' is fairly conspicuous in any department of public life, and why has that one openly acknow* ledged that he opposes the Coinmoii -wealth Bill because, that measure is too democratic—not conservative enough t because it gives too much power to the • working classes ? Is not this remarkable, and is it not equally remarkable that men who profess to be friends and leaders of. the workers should ob ject to the Commonwealth Bill because it proposes a Constitution too rigid ? They say that if you be federated you will bo fettered, because the Constitution cannot easily be altered. That is what they say, but what the Bill says is that it can bd altered within reason just as marriage can be altered in reason. The change of the Constitution cannot, however, be made by any body excepting the people themselves. Neither by Queen, -nor Governor, nor Government, nor Senate, nor House of Representatives, nor delegates of the people;—only by the people themselves as the people. Will even anti-Federalists con tend that the people of Australia cannot be trusted, or that they are afraid to truBt themselves, or that the Democracy fears to trust the Democrats ? Why is it that all the leading men in South Australia who have studied the Commonwealth Bill have become con vinced of its fairness and of the wisdom of adopting it? Why is it that the men who have been most prominent in labouring for the welfare of the workers are now in the foremost ranks of those who tight for the Bill—for the triumph of a broad, liberal patriotism over a narrow, cramped conservatism? Why is it that even the Melbourne "Age," which has been called * the Bible of the working classes of Victoria,", has been driven by the resistless logic of facts to recommend the toilers of the colonics to vote "Yes" on polling-day? Why, if not because it is in their in terests to do so—in the interests of their wives and children, and their children^ children ? It may not be in the interests of those who live upon political agitation to have Australia federated. Federation will mean a reduction in the number of members in the local Parlia ments, if not a decrease in tho salaries of such members, but of what concern is their loss in this respect if it involves the conferring of an inestimable boon upon the whole community? If work with their tongues should fail the displaced legislators, let them work with their hands, as other labouring men have to do from day to day. When your loaders addressed you on federation fifteen months ago, before the election of delegates to . the Convention, you got from them no lurid picturing of tho awful terrors which the idea of union of tho people in a Commonwealth now appears to foreshadow to their timid souls; and yet at that time no one even dreamt that so liberal a Constitu tion as that now offered for acceptance could ever he approved of by any Con vention at any place, at any time. Are you not justified, therefore, in fancying that the action of some of your leaders in so violently opposing that liberal and democratic Constitution is due to tlj6 fact that their own mismanagement in attempting to have too many of them selves appointed as delegates to the Con vention led to the rejection of all of their candidates ? 1 f they had had a hand in tho making of the Constitution tliey would pj- obahly bo now lauding it up to tho skies as other better Democrats than them selves are doing. But you all know tho kind of workmen who can never sec any merit in anything done in the workshop by anybody but their own precious selves. Working men ! Those who are trying to lead you astray from the federal path breath forth threatening® and slaughters to intimidate you. They tell you that Federation will do you harm. History— all history—tells you that Federation has wrought good to the workers in every^ part of the earth's surface in which it has' been tried. Read the records of the United States of Switzerland, of Germany, of Canada, and of New Zealand. In every one of these cases arguments precisely the same as those now employed were used with die object of frightening tho workers ; but practical results have trium phantly proved that tho timidity of tho anti-Federalists was utterly unwarranted. What have you to dread through Federa tion ? What have you to expect without Federation ? Eleven years ago tho Pro tectionists built around tho holder of the colony almost insurmountable walls of Customs duties, and they promised to presorvo you thus against tiie chilling blasts of competition—to raise your wages, to increase your prosperity, to mako the word " unem ployed" an obsolete term. Have these things been done ? Has any of them been done ? Is there tho least prospect of any of them being done? You know that there is not. But at the moment when yon federate, down will come those walls of intercolonial protective duties. You will, however, still he protected against the cheap labour of foreign countries. The only men who will be al lowed to compete with you will be your brother-Australians, paid equally well with yourselves and as good Demo crats as tho best of you. When your leaders tell you to he afraid of your brother- Australian workers they surely show a low estimate of your powora. What right have they to imply that the mechanic in South Australia is not so hard working and not so capable as the mechanic in Victoria, for instance? What right have tliey either to suggest that our manufacturers are not so enterprising or so able as the manufacturers in the eastern colonics ? The best answer to the doleful predic tions of the anti-Federalists is given in the fact that nearly all our leading manu £ _ I&cturers; are rejoicing at the prospect of i \- -welcoming federation, ..and are. working ■ < hard to secure its coming. South Aus trakan makers of machinery and workers in almost every other branch of me rchant cal construction say that $outb~ Australian meohanics can hold their _ own against all others/and that federa tion will widelyincrease the opportunities "for their employment. If this applies to - such estshlishments as those of Messrs. Martin & Co. and May Brothers, -of :'.>r Gawler.it must apply equailylto the Loco- - motive Workshops at Islington. In this v. .relation: what is sauce ior the goose is also • sauce for thegandhr. After mature con; sideration of the'subjeetin all its. aspects: we say unhesitatingly that we do npt helieve that work will be reduced in any . industry in: the colony; and* even if we ■f„ ,. are: wrong-.in "this impression, we' confi 'idently challenge contradiction fco~ the statement that for every man displaced in any - other occupation at least ten will be required in the fruitgrowing, winemaking, and similar • producing \- industries. And, after all, the, objec tions of the few trepid employers. who; advise the workmen not to federate amount to this—"If you do federate you will be able to get your household requirements more cheaply." Will that be a terrible disaster to the -thrifty housewife -and tho .struggling husband? Of course it.will not, This fact is transparent to pvery thinking man who does not stand in his own light. The wonder is that it is not* j perfectly obvious to the few employers who resist that federation which will give to them free markets amongst 4,000,009 instead of less than 400,000- Australians. Summing up the whole matter, there fore, we say — impelled to the conclusion by the overpowering force of a sincere and honest conviction—that, although their leaders may-vote against federation, the workers of South Aus tralia ought to be the last of all to say "No" in the polling-booths on (Saturday. If they should utter that word/and thus isolate the centre "of tho continent from every other part of it, they will have abundant cause in the future to bitterly rue their foolish action in the present. The issue placed before the people is as * simple as the decision upon it will be momentous. Shall brothers of one nation and one race—divided now by hostile border tariffs and pro vincial jealousies — shall they unite . for the good of Australia and of the British Empire, or shall they drift farther and farther apart until effective union will be impossible 1 The right course seems so obvious that one marvels at the existence of doubt. Fortunately, however, all mis giving concerning the verdict of the people is gradually vanishing as the fate ful voting-day draws nearer. United Australia "is not yet," as one of the finest of our poets has* sung; but 1' She is nigh":— She is not yet; but be whose ear Thrills through that finer atmosphere Where footfalls of appointed things, . Reverberant of days to be, Are heard in forecast cchoings, Like wavebeats from a viewless sea Hoars in tho voiceful tremors of the sky Auroral heralds whispering—1 'Sheis nigh." AltE South Australians so short-sighted as to decline to enter a federation including New South Wales and Victoria, with the certainty of Queens land being also in alliance before very long ? Surely not. Such a deci sion would be suicidal. It could end in nothing else than commercial and social disaster. As a people we simply cannot afford to remain out of the coming union, and the fact should be deeply impressed on every mind. A solemn duty of each man and woman registered on the electoral rolls is to exercise to-day the great privilege of voting; and no patriotic citizen who comprehends the priceless advantages of federation can possibly vote "No." Meanwhile every elector should closely examine the state ments industriously circulated by anti federalists—often purely reckless asser tions such as those which we have so often-exposed. But after all many anti - federalists are merely engaged' in resurrecting bogies; and intel ligent and disinterested colonists will hardly allow themselves to be frightened by such ghosts. Patriotic men and women will cheerfully respond to the call to rally round ' the " iiag of union," and by the mere simple act of making a cross will at once raise Aus tralia to nationhood. Teachers and parents have a very real and mutual interest in the education of children, and yet in South Australia few opportunities exist for bringing these two classes together, and enabling them to compare notes. Little misunder standings frequently arise which a word spoken in friendly in tercourse might readily remove; and we should welcome tho establishment of a "Parents' Visiting Day" at the State schools. This would be only the revival of a very old usage, in accordance with which once or twice in each year there were during several weeks the bustle and excitement of pre paring for a "public examination." When the important day arrived the children were dressed in their Sunday best; and the. squire and the parson, accompanied by many of the parents, adjourned to the schoolhouse, where the teacher put his pupils through a pro gramme intended to display their pro ficiency in the various branches of their curriculum. As an actual test of the pro gress of a school, this public viva voce examination in the presence of an assem blage had little to recommend it. The nervous studious child often cut a poor figure, while the pert and forward gained more credit than was rightly due. The \- modern system of quiet and careful exami $ntp&ia;^ ra«w^iati^c^e.otive^^>t-V?^:••*£>•! AroERan'examinationmany Boards of : Advice pay an-official visit to'~ each school:" lip: Mgir districts, and thA children wel come the friendliness implied by. tpoir presenceandexpressedm their Words, and—particularly- the -inevitable Judf-'^ -hbliday 1 i. <Fpvr of the teachers iwould , grudge the lime and trouble involved.in a similar , visit from the parents.. The loss', ;bf a small .number of lessons to a whole school is not very serious.. What the teaohers strenuously object to is the. frequent absence of pupils when the classes are in full work, and many of them' would like to meet the parents in friendly association, if only to strongly repre sent to them' the injury done, to the.; children by irregularity in atten dance. The parents, too, sometimes feel aggrieved. at difficulties which a little frank explanation could easily remove. It is far too :.much the fashion for people, after creating'a piece of State machinery like an* Australian Education Department, to imagine that it has only' to be set in motion like an inanimate thing in order to go without further attention in the direction intended. The element' of human sympathy can never be- superseded or eliminated from anything of such paramount importance as the- instruction of the yoqng. There sho'uld be sympathy, not only between teacher and pupil, liut also between teacher and parent; and upon the chil dren themselves an occasional visit of their parents would exercise a beneficial influence. 