LITERATURE Books and their Makers. Mr. Will H. Ogilvie's volume of verse, 'Fair Girls and Grey Horses,' which we noticed the other day from some of the advance sheete, is to hand in a 170 page volume, dainty iu its art ^le.'U cover and bookmarker, hand-made — rouo-h- e.iired— paper, and neat type, from the publishers, the ' Bulletin ' Company, which contemplates is-uiug in such tasteful dross the work of various contributors. The series begins well with this hand- some volume, for there is a lilt and charm about Ogilvie's verse that should make his book widely popular. We gave in our previous notice some j examples of the writer in bis romantic and rol- licking strains when he writes of his blondes and his grey horses. Here is an example of another phase, in which he chaffs his Scottish kinsmen characteristically :-- A SCOTCH NIGHT. If i ijii chance to strike a gfitlieiiog of half a dozen friends AVi:i :i tlie (]iink is Highland ivhus-ky el' some chi.sen Bor der blenJs, An i tho r om is lull of spe:'rin and thhe {mippin' of blown li.u.'s, ? An ! ilie is all ef tarlans and of plaidi s and of i 1 1 .ii , — V j'.i . an t ;t ko tilings douee and easy, jou c;m judfje vou're l ?j ling light, J'. i ynu've liad the luck to stumble on a uee Scotch j iii-ht. ; Wh n you'ie pitchforked in among them in a swcej ills' '' r- n't - .1' way * , A- ' anithor moil an' blither ' from the Tweed or from '.!;-- 'lay ; 1 IV.'n'.i yo u're taken )-y the oxler and you're eauped into a I i ll i: r ! \\\ 'h someone slips a wlr.isky in your tumbler una- I wnii.1 — i 'Hi. a 1 1 1' pieseat teems less disinnl and the future fair and luiilit, I'.u vuii' ve struck earth's grandest tnasure in a guid Seots ii cht. 'iA' in ii you hear a short name s!i luted and tho same nam? Minuted 1) ick 'li.l - --.u 1 tiink in the confusion that they've all hen . !ii i t ued Mac ; Wli' ii y. hi see a nd lieanl lludiiog in the e.irncr by the liie. And :i giar.t on the Fol'a who is - ix-fnot time or higher — ;.i f.uo you've gue.-sed tlie colour and before you've gauged I l.c height V. u'll have jumped at tlie conclusion it's a briw Scotch in lit. U'lien Ilie red uciu in tlie coinn puts his ulioiig voice to :!ie pi not' i A- lie ^i»es ' J'hiee ITundicu riper-,' and the eliori s lifts ! I.o iii. f ; 'Wli en the cliicl sinus 'Annie Laune with its tender, sweet let I'd in I Till the tears aie on their eyelids and— the drinks come | round airaiu ; ? Vhen tl.ey ehant the s'.ii ring war-s- ngs that would make ? ifce coward tight— 1 lr ii vou'ie fairly m the middle of a wee Scotch night. \\\ hen the ple-t begins to thicken aud the band begins to ! play ; i 'U hen evei v t.n-p t chieftain lias a wurd or two to snv ; W hen they'd sell a Queensland station fcr a spiig uf na | tivo hiatb ; | M lien tilde's one Mac on the table and a couple under I i.eath : When half of them aie sleeping and the whole of (hem are tight — Y, u w.ll know that you'ie as: i tinf? at a (liic !) Scotch l.ijilit. j When the last big bottle's - mpty and the duwn erceps prey and (old, | And tbe last clan -tartan' t fulded and the last d ? d lie is told ; When tliey totter down the fo .tpath in a brave, unbroken line, * To the perils of the j-a-seis and the tune of ' Auld Lang Syne ; You can tell the folk at breakfast as they watch the fear some s.ieht, ' They have only been assisting at a braw Scots nieht.' The same publiohcrs have E. J. Brady's volume of verse under the title of ' The Ways of Many Waters.' and Albert Dorrinalon's volume of sketches, ' A Bush Tanqueray, and other stories ' in tho press ; and ' On Our Selection,' by A. H. Davis (otherwise ' Steele Rudd ') and ' Matriland and other verses,' by Arthur H. Adams in preparation. Miss Louise Mack (Mrs. Creed) has followed up her story of life at the Sydney Girls' High School with a sequel treating of the same girls at the University and up till their settlement in life. The first book was ' Teen?,' this one is ' Girls To gether,' and both furnish pleasant and cleanly reading for girls of a type which they will appre ciate. These girls are just the t rd:iiai v i tin of girl* we see hurryiug to catch tram c r 'br.s fur their suburban liomis evny day, and Mrs. Creed has written of Ihem as she knew th-m aud herself grew up among ihem. The incidents are Lrm'ly aid everyday, there is uo straining after unusual effict to mar the naturalncf-8 of it all. The people who don't believe in examinations as an infallible test of ability will te interested in Mrs. Creed's woman's view. Her clever heroine fails igno miniously at the University matric. through sheer nervoumess. Her mistress thought it impossible — GBAND STAM), FLEMINOTON. 1' IN IS II OF TIIK MEf.lJOURN'K CUP. ; that ' one of tl e brightest fjirls ' at the High Sihool could fail, 'and yet Miss Gre)-on had had ^o many i trance experit nccs with ( lever girls and dull c nrs that sLe was always prepared for the impn-baUe. There was a girl wl.o had always been at tLe bottom of her i lass in French; this F.NTEANCE TO THE LAWK FROM RAILWAY. girl takes the French medal at the Junior. Then there was Mary Jones, whose English was a hopeltss thing aud whose essays set Mis9 Grey son's teeth on edge ; she passes A in English. And Martha Phillips, the shining light of the English lessons at school, comes out with a C- . . . . The brainy ones lost their self-control 'kept too long to the questions tbey could answer, and scribbled flurried nonsense towards the end. The stolid ones went straight through theirpa pers, putting down everything they knew aud finishing as calmly as they had begun.' Which is true of men as well as of school girls. Messrs. Angus and Robertson publish the book in excel lent guise, and it is illustrated by Mr. George Lambert. ' Below aud On Top,' the latest volume iu Messrs. George Robertson and Co.'s new issue of fiction, is a collection of mining stories by Mr. Edward Dyson, whose ' Rln'mes from the MineB ' has already established his position as the laureate of the miner. Like his verse, Mr. Dyson's prose is characterised by imagination, poetry, and intimate knowledge of the byways of mining life. He gives us vUid pictures of the abandoned fields of Australia and equally vivid reproductions of the life in which battery and ? cradle are busy. The mining type, recruited from : -ill sections of the community, is one of the most ; characteristic and interesting of the country, and i Mr. Dyson knows how to catch for us tbe glamour ! of the life which makes the gold-seeker endure pri i ration and work unceasingly, often but for a frac tion of what he would earn in a steady job. It is the sense of independence, and the element of chance in the life that give it its charm to so many, and its conditions produce special character. Most of Mr. Dyson's stories have already been published in weekly newspapers, but the longest in the book, and that which gives it its title, now sees light for the first time. It is of the weird and imaginative veiD, which has such fine expres sion in hiw poem of ' The Old Whim Horse,' and it, too, deals with the abandoned workings of a great old mine which so work on the imagination of a boy that he believes the deep shaft and the drives to be peopled with the spirits of those who were killed there during the working days. The wife of one of these men who had lost her reason when her husband was killed haunts the workings, calling by night to her husband, and the little bey, fillfd with a great compassion, gets into the shaft and impersonates the husband. The shock restores the woman's reascn, and from the. weirdly beautiful she returns to the buxom com monplace, and marries again, to the great remorse of the boy, who makes an expedition to the bowels of the mine to appease the spirit of the first hut Land, and there finds what he supposes to ba the ghost, but what proves to be a gold robber. Mr. Dyson is to our miners what Bret Harte was to those yf the Pacific Slope. The illustrations in clude some of the original ones by Phil May. Amongst miscellaneous fiction to hand arc two volumes of short stories in Bell's Colonial Library (through George Robertson and Co.). One iv :1k cccentrically- named collection of Mr. Yv . - '. Morrow, ' The Ape, the Idiot, and Other P; op: \ which opens with a gruesomely powerful stoij oi a convict wrongfully accused of a breach of pri son discipline, who had his whole nature embruted by the flogging he received and to whom final justice was done, but too late to save his life. ir_ hit ? ? ? sv- iXLl ? ilLUUUW UtlB a pcuiuttui XVI DlUilCO Ui UAi-3 prison, for ' The Hero of the Plague,' tolling how an ex-prisoner acted through a cholera epi demic, is a touching thing— all are eloquent against the brutality of the lash. The second volume of short Btories is also American, but of a different type and genre, stories of the old Ameri can colonists in the days of the French and In dian wars, under the title of the first, ' Silence,' which tells touchingly how Sdence Hoit lost her lover and her reason in an Indian raid and found both again. From Mr. James Botvdcn there comes ' The Adventures of ai Eogineer,' by Weatherby Chesney, in which Mr. Obesney utilises interestingly the adventurous life of a pioneering civil engineer. In Longman's Li brary is ' The Duenna of a Genius,' a clever and charming story of two Austrian girls which will have an especial attraction for all who like to read of music. Mr. John Arthur Barry a few weeks back Blipped on an orange peel in Eing-street and suffered a serious injury to his kneecap — sinavi- tis —which has kept him to his bed ever since, and is likely to keep him on hiB back for scino days longer. Rudyard Kipling is probably the best j aid of English writers to-day. He has just contracted for eight short stories for an English magazine, to be delivered next year, and is to ricelve £240 each for the English rights. The prices for American, Indian, and colonial rights arc (xprcted to bring this up to from £400 to £500 each. 