SHORTCUTS TO FORTUNE. A Long Island {New York) man is building just now a curious submarine vessel, with which n« proposes to scour the floor o£ the ocean in search of treasures. The vessel (whites the Westminster Gazette) will be 80 It. long. From a preliminary account of her we gather that the surface buoyancy will be overcome by means of heavy weights attached to long wire cables conueoted with drums at either end of the vessel. By the operation of these drums LUU VfcJHool Wilt Uc UlilWU MJ LUU 'UULtuul KIL bud sea. Running fore and aft are axles with broad-tired wueels, which are connected with an electric motor. ' In this way,' we are told, ' the ship will be transformed into a vehicle' — a sort of electric motor for the benefit of the numerous mermaids, one may suppose. It would be useless to go into further details regarding the construction of this peculiar ship vehicle. Suffice it that the inventor believes in it, and has convinced him self further chat by its means ho will become riciier than the Vanderbilts in twelve months. Ho has a carefully prepared list of treasure ships lost since the days of Drake, and the latitude and longitude of the spots where they aro supposed to rest beneath tlie waves. He will first make a bee-line for L'Orient, which ?was sunk by Nelson at tlio battle of the Nile. She had a large amount of jewellery and plate, and £GU0,00U in specie aboard. Then he will look for the wreck of the Do Braak, lost off the Delaware in 17'dS, with a great amount of Spanish specie and bullion. On his list is also the Golden Gate, sunk oK Ilatteraa in the early fifties, and simply filled with gold from Cali fornia. Uuiy a few weeks ago we heard of the organisation of two American expeditious — one to recover the chests ot Spanish doubloons said to have been buried on San Miguel Island, olf Santa Barbara, on the Californian coast, by the crew of a Spanish vessel wrecked in that neighborhood many years ago; and the other to search for pirate treasure hidden on the Island of Grand Terrc, in Barataria Bay, Louisiana, by one of the sentry who in the long ago made the West Indies their hunting ground, and who retired to the quiet caves which abound between the Mosquito Coast and South Florida, when they desiied a rest or when pursuers became importunate. The last expedition was associated with the pirate Jean Latitte, who is supposed to have secreted somewhere about tho const enough wealth to buy up London. Tliis man's namo is a synonym for piracy among tho half-million people who inhabit those parts. Just ask them, and they will point out a thousand things asso ciated with him, and will call their grand fathers to toll you enough grisly tales about him to till a book. There is not one of the thousand low flat islands alone the Gulf coast from Pensacola clear around to the Point of Yucatan, not a bayou, creek, bay, lacroon, or crooked waterway in all that country but has its dark tales of Lafitte and his hidden trea sures, lie is their greatest hero. His father was a Frenchman who emigrated to tho West Indies, where he had pos sessions. But a negro revolution drove the family to Now Orleans, whero the son took to smuggling. Then occurred the revolt against Spain. A Republic was pro claimed iu Mexico, and its adhe rents were engaged in a bitter savage struggle with the Spanish Viceroy. The Revolutionary Government was represented in Now Orleans by a commissioner, Don Jose ] Manuel Herrera, From Uerrera Lafitte I obtained tlio appointment of Governor of i Texas, under the Revolutionary Government of Mexico, procured a number of vessels and harried tho Spaniards nominally as the servant ! of the new Republic, but actually on his own ' account. It is beyond question that he did j not confine Iiib attentions to Spanish ships, but , attacked all merchantmen that came in his way. In his time he committed enormous havoc, and nuist have appropriated enormous I treasure. What did he do with this treasure? This is just what American speculators would like to know. The lost treasure of Jean Lafitte has always had a fascination for those gentlemen, and for one expedition which they have fitted out (often with better reason) for the recovery of other treasure-trovo they have clispatohed at least three to search for that of the murderous and bloodthirsty rascal Lafitte. Almost every likely aud unlikely spot along the gulf coat.t has been tapped for this recalci trant treasure. The last carried through — that is, apart from the one on to Grand Terre —was in August last year, when there appeared off Matagorda Island a mysterious schooner manned by half a dozen mysterious men, who landed on the island, spent a few days there, aud then lett in their schooner as mysteriously as they came, leaving behind them in the Baud a square hole 6 ft. wide and 6 ft. deep, as though they had dug up something and carried it away. From this every native knew there had been another search for Jean Lafitte's i buried treasures. The email island of Cheniere Comirada, a few miles south of liiloxi (Miss.), was perhaps the favorite resort of Lafitte, He had a house there, and the frame- of the ' Lafitte Cottage' is still to be seen, built almost upon the water's edge. A path leads through the garden to the bench, upon which a gate opened amid a cluster of water oaks. It seems very strange that some fortune-hunter does not dig under the old weather-beaten building^for treasjro. Perhaps the story that ghosts of men dangling from ropes and of men in the act of walking blindfolded into the sea from a vessel are seen nightly at this dreary Bpot prevents the search. Digging, however, continues as intervals on other portions of the island and at Biloxi, where, the pirates frequently came. A hint from any very old negro will set a lot of gold hunters to work vigorously. Just about the time when the treasure hunters were at Mataporda another party was searching in the neighborhood of j the Delaware Capes for the £5,000,000 in Spanish gold said to have gone down in that neighborhood in tlie privateer De Braak, already alluded to. Thi9 was the fourth attempt after the same treasure, and it need scarcely be said it was not found. It must be an impossible task to locate a wreck in the shifting sands that lie off these capes. A little earlier in the year an expedition was fitted out at New York to search for the treasure — estimated at half a million sterling — which undoubtedly went down with an English man-of-war about the time of the revolutionary outbreak- on Hell Gate in Long Island Sound.' This also was unsuccessful. The United States from the Delaware southward is supposed to have been fancied as a treasure burial-ground by Blue Beard and the other men who formed the earlier generation of pirates. There is pro bably not an acre of ground south of the cape that hasnotbeendugonforsunken treasure. We never heard of more than one authentic find. About 70 years ago an American schooner went ashore somewhere north of Sinepuxint . : Inlet, and going along the beach the captain found the end of a chest sticking out of the Band. Ue took it aboard, and getting safely away went to Boston. The chest contained a quantity of gold and silver plate, jewelled arms, and some money, supposed to have be longed to Bradish Ten, Kidd's first mate, who escaped when tho captain was taken. The evidence, however, on which the ownership is ascribed to Ten seems very inconclusive. * 1 A new liffhtbouBe on the coast of Brittany has just been finisffed, which iB to have a 3,000,000 candle- power illuminating appar 