THE EMPRESS OF AUSTRIA. REQUIEM MASS AT ST. IGNATIUS' CHURCH. On Wednesday morning a dirge or solemn office of the dead was chanted in St. Ignatius Church, Norwood, after which a solemn requiem mass was celebrated for the repose of the soul: of the Into Empress of Austria, whose sad death at the hands of an anarchist thrilled the world with a feeling of horror a few days ago. The beautiful church of the Jesuit Fathers, which was filled to overflowing, was draped iv black and in front of tbe high altar a catafalque had been erected. This was covered with a handsome black velvet pall trimmed with silver and the Imperial Standard of the Austro-Riingarian Empire, the whole being surmounted by a massive silver crucifix and Hanked with silver candelabra. A number of seats were reserved | for the members of the Government, the consuls, and other officials, and amoug tho.-e I present were the Hon. L. O'Loughlin (Com missioner of Crown Lauds), Hon. J. V OXoghlin (Chief Secretary), Mr. C. L. Meyer (Austro-Kungarian Consul), Mr. H. C. E. Muecke (Consul for the German Empire), Mr. J. Robin (Consul for Brazil), Mr. Charles A. Murphy (American consular agent). Golonel Madley (Commissioner of Police), Major Tomkinson, Mr. A. Binks (Mayor of Norwood and Kensington), and Mr. G. W. Gooden (town clerk), Pastor Dorsch, and a number of Austrian colonists. The office of the dead was first chanted, those taking part in it being Archbishop U'Reily (who occupied the throne, and was attended by Dr. Byrne, vicar-general, and Arch-Priest Nevin), Prior Spence and Father Headley(Dominicans), Father Carr(Carmelite), Fathers Alfred, Augustine, and Andrew (Passionists), Fathers Miiz, O'Dowling, Car roll, McKiliop, and Die_ (Jesuits), and Fathers Cosgrove, Hurley, McEvoy, Healy, Davis, Enricht, and Adamson. The requiem mass (Coram Arehiepiscopo) wasthen celebrated, Father Miiz acting as celebrant. Father O'Dowling as deacon, Father Carroll as sub-deacon, whilst Father Cosgrove was master of the ceremonies. The mass sung was a Gregorian one, the choir conristing of Airs. Heuzenroeder, the Misses Weddel, O'SuUivah, and Keane, Messrs. Healy, Sullivan, and O'Brien, whilst Mr. Laffan conducted. Mr. Howard presided at the organ, and there was a chorus of some 10 boys under the control of Father McKiliop. The render ing of the music was exceptionally good, and its impressive nature was in perfect harmony with the solemn occasion. The sermon was preached by the Rev. Father Headley, one of the recently arrived Dominicans. The rev. gentleman tookas bis text the 14th verse of the 14th chapter of the Second Book of Kings:—"We all die, and like waters tbat return no more we fall down into the earth; neither will God have a soul to perish but recalleth. Meaning that he that is cast off should not altogether perish." Father Headley said tbat the sudden and tragic end of the late Empress of Austria brought vividly to our minds the realisa tion of the words:—"ln the midst of life we are in death." Death reduced to the same level the noblest, the fairest, and the best of tbis earth with the meanest and tbe most worthless of mankind. It was death that reduced our bodies to ashes—those bodies that we were so fond of and which we pampered so much. It robbed the most magnificent palaces and the most stately mansions of their masters, and clearly showed us that the most coveted worldly positions, the highest honors, the most sensual enjoyments, came in the end to nothing but dust and dross. Not only was life uncertain, but death came when we least expected it. The remembrance of death was a powerful remedy given to us by the Holy Ghost against temptation and the yielding to the commission of sin. " Remem ber tby last end and thou shalt never sin." The great truth of these words bad a singular illustration in the death of Elizabeth, Empress of Austria and Queen of Hungary, for whom the altar where mass had just been cele brated was draped in black, and for the repose of whose soul they had just chanted a mass of requiem. Here was a case where one holding the highest position of any woman in Austria was suddenly robbed of life by the cruel band of death. And such a death! Our hearts were filled with sympathy when we contemplated it. A highly refined woman, her Bex should have prevented her from harm. Far from ber home and country, her friends far away, accompanied only by one lady attendant, suddenly without a note of warning she was struck down by the cruel hand of an assassin. Need we wonder that the dark and cruel deed bad sent a thrill of horror throughout the civilized world. Tbe people of the Austrian Empire bad been moved to the deepest depths of grief for their loss, and bad expressed tbeir profoundest sympathy with the Emperor Joseph. These colonies, too, bad associated themselves with the countries of Europe in couveying a message of condolence tv tbe Emperor in bis bonr of bereavement Eulogies had been pronounced on the deceased lady by sympathetic lips in every civilised tongue. She was a woman of great nobility of character and highly gifted both by nature and education, a true Christian, a sincere friend, a faithful wife, and a devoted mother. One who knew hex well some time ago wrote of ber:—"She is a woman, noble in tbe fullest sense of tbe word, resolute and brave, extremely generous, per fectly and absolutely truthful in all things, both great and small. She has the kindest and warmest of hearts to all those who know bow to reach it, and there is not a single discordant note in her character." He, the preacher, bad never walked through that stately pile raided by Catholic hands for the worship of the one living God — Westminster Abbey — without pausing before the burial-place of a certain noble family bearing the simple epitaph, "All the sons were crave, rjid all the daughters were chaste."' Those virtues, bravery and purity, were characteristic of the deceased lady. Iteing a true Christian woman, with a very lofty ideal, her one desire was that her chil dren should be brought up in the knowledge and practice of religion. The late Empress needed all tbe consolation which their boly religion always afforded to those who soupht it It had been tbe fate of few women to pass throngb so many sorrows and afflictions as she had. But by her deeds of mercy, rendered in the poorest and roughest quarters of the towns of her kingdom, she had laid up for herself a store of merit achieved by few. In tbe carry ing out of her good deeds and works of mercy her great desire was to preserve her anonymity, and by those among whom she labored she was loved for ber open-hearted charity, her simplicity, her gentleness; indeed they looker] upon ber as a veritable angel of light. If the golden test of the love of God was the love of God's creatures then the late Empress must have laid up for herself a rich store of merit in heaven. Father Headley then recounted deeds of heroism and charity performed by the late Empress in the hospitals aud slums of the great cities of her Empire, remarking that she bad lived a life that must have ensured the gates of Paradise being thrown wide open to ladmit ber soul to the realms of perpetual bliss. She bad won a crown which no assassin's hand could take from tier. He remem bered, when a young student at the College of Maynooth, the Empress paying it a visit and by ber simplicity of manner charming masters and students alike. She subsequently sent tatm a memento of ber visit in tbe shape of a sot of costly vestments. He mentioned this as an instance of ber consideration. It was fitting that the ceremony they had been present at that day should have taken place in tho Church of the Society of Jesus, for the family to which the late Empress belonged— toe Royal House of Bavaria—liad ever been noted for its generosity to tbat learned society. When centuries ago Blessed Peter Canisus went into Bavaria to establish his Order nowhere was be received with greater favor, and by none was be more warmly welcomed than the nobles of Bavaria, and the Royal House of Wittelsbach in particular. In con clusion be would say to them "Let us join with the priests of God in their final prayer ' Eternal rest give unto her, O Lord, and let perpetual light shine upon her.'" The Austrian Imperial hymn having been played, The Archbishop pronounced the absolution and benediction, and as the congregation filed out of the church the solemn strains of. the ■"Dead March in Saul" pealed forth from the organ. 