HITS AND BITS. Hard to beat-A wet carpet. * ? Wits . What do you think of Bridget's cook ing. Husbaud : t think if aho tried to boll water sho'd burn it. ^ ^ She (sentimentally) : What poetry thi re in in a fire. He (wllv) : Yea, a great deal or my noetry has gone there. The worst oases of incompatibility of temper occur when both parties have the same kind of tcmpor and plenty of it. Ho : I wonder whv it's said to bs a man, and not a woman, wo see in the moon ? She (willi emphasis) : Hecaune he slays out all night. * » " Mamma, what is classical music ?" " Oh, don't you know ? It s the kind that you have to like whether yon liko it or not." *** First Doctor (in the near future): Goud pho tograph,, isn't it? Second Doctor : Vairly good. Flatters the left lung a little, I think. A much-worried parent with nine grand daughters depicts love as : " Two beads with but a single thought, two fools that act like ono." t # She : That is Mr. Gamboge, the artist. Ho is wedded to his art. He : Judging from his appearance, I should say that he didn't marry iur money. ^ He : Don't you think, denreBt, that tbo Rev. Dr. Kober is the best man to marry us ? Sbo (three times a widow) : I tbink so, dear. 1 ve always bad him. ^ " You want to keep jour oye on the woman's be ets,'- says an item in a fashion paper, ho, we d. n't want to, but under certain conditions, ileur editor, we have to. * * Guest (to whom the waiter has brought an extremely dirty bill of Tare) t By Jove, that's an cxcellt nt idea-samples of the different dishes shown on the menu. Whrn a camel is kept for a long time without food, its hump disappears. This is where a camel differs from a man, who under similar circumstances gets tho bump. V Proud Father : That is a sunset my daughter painted-. She studied painting abroad, you know. Fiiend : Ah, that explains it. I never saw ft sunset like that in this country. . * Mother : How is it that you get so many bad marks at school ? Little Boy : Well, the teacher has got to mark somebody, or else people will tbink-she ain't attending to her business. ^ " Are you marric d ?" said the manager to a man who was looking foe » situation. " No, sir." " Then I can't employ you. We Had that mariied men know better how to obey than baobelors." # ^ " You musn't be saucy, Fanny," said the maiden aunt to the little girl. " No ono will love you if you are." " Were you saucy when youwere a little girl, aunty ?" asked the guile-, less child, . L' Here's a letter from iBabolle. She says she's going to be married," " Well, it's about time. If she did not chnngo her last name, it uould be necessary to change Ihe llrst to Wasabelle." * - - Old Drywater : My boy, in nil creation you won't find any animal exccpt man wbo makes a habit of smoking. Young Puffs : Yes, sir, but neither do I know any other animal that cooks bis meals ! * » Daughter : This piano is really my very own, isn't it, pa V lJa: Yes, my dear. "And when I marry t can take it with me, can l r .' Certainly, my child ; but don't tell any one. I It might spoil your obiuices." I *»* Success Ensured.-She -. I am surprised that her father consented. He: 1 had two sets of references, you see. Oue for the old roan that I was a paragon of virtue and industry, and another for the girl that 1 was an awful scamp. At the Masquerade.-Lottie : From this time 1 shall believe in ghosts. Tottie : Why so ? Lottie : You kuow that " widower " wbo has been devoting himself to me all the evening ? Well, his dead wife appeared just now and took bim home. ' # Friend (to middle-ag*ed golf-player) : Hallo, old chap ! So you ore going to get married ? Congratulations, I'm sure !-Middle-aged Golf Player : Congratulations I Oh, it isn't like that at nil. Taylor, the champion, took a wife some time ago, and it seems to have improved his game, so I'm going to try it. 