TILE LIGHT THAI' CAST KO .SHADOW. mrioiis stones .ire told nboutlbe power* possessed by certain natives of Imdiu, who jive up iimotix tho Himalaya Mountain-. These old men. u is mid. bnvo drvni.wl scoie* of yen 1* lo the ntudy of natural lawn and force*, which, lho rwt of tbo world knotvs nothing nbout. 'Lately a Uerntan l'ntfeMnr visiu-d ? the 'adopt*.' ns tlicne qutyr Hindus aro c-alh-d, fur tha pur|M*c of lihdiii;; out the secret of their remarkable I'eifonuaiux-*. Tlu?v trwlrd him rather wurvily, hut interested him all ihesnmi'. Ono day (heProkf*or wanted to examine tome ancient .Snmskrit niunu si-ri|:ts. An adept wwit with him lo ,1 cave wherein tin* books were kept. The D are was dark m the bottom of a woll. 'I can't bt-e tw road here,' said the visi« lor. 'Then we will have mmc light,' was Ihe reply, and immediately (the 1'rofcs.sor wiys) 1 solt, nearly lipht brightened tho cave. Hv could not toll whenu! it tamu, but he noticed U1.1t it had one strung quality— it met not Ihe Mich lest shallow. I'his is a Btury lianl to Iwlievp, yet- Hi truth is .illinnrd iiv n man uf vas-t uMr;, ing and high -lm racier, and you who now read it have 110 ict-.hi for doubt, -\\\er|-fc that ail the lights you have fccu have cost shadow*. ISrlii-f or unl.clicf commonly runs iuralk-1 with one's own experience.' Dr. Johnson snilFcil at the arr.uuul of tho Lisbon curl!i«|\\-.nkc, yet credited the talo of the Took-l.'-ne ghost. A man who hn» been ill for years, and failed to lind a cure, is H-cptical wiicn friends tell him of a medicine which Un*y believe will make bi-n well. What el*! but doohl could result from bid experi ence? Take nn csamule:— 'Jn Ihe fpring of 1S88,' writes our cor respondent, 'J Ml into a low, weak, and languid slate. 1 felt low-spirited and out of sorts. Al first iny Munii.ch wan de ranged, my nppvtilo poor, and nftcr eaU ing 1 lind pain and weight at tho chrst. 1 wan much troubled with wind, and frequently s-pat up a war fluid, aim bitter bile. Lnter on 1 KuftVrcd with ner vousness and great depression of spiriU. 1 kepi up with my work, but had always a sense of dit-cci:ifort. Off and on j con tinued in this way for two yearn, nolh ii:g thnt I look relieving mo. At List I heard of Jlolher ft-fccl's Syrup, and pro cured a supply. After I had taken only a few dosea I found relief; my food di gested, mid gradually nil ncrvousncKx Iclc me. Although I hail no rp.ison at first lo feel any cuiilidcncc in this medicine, never having iismI it or m-cii it used, f now gladly admit its value and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for whii-li f thank Mother Neigel's Curative Syrup. I have been in the.brft of health and xpiritii. In the intercht of suilcriji^ humanity I circm it n duty to wml you this testimony. (Signed) 1). (?'ritliiiis, tailor mid ontlitlor, ];*-!, Hocklcy JJill. Jjir tninstani, -June Ptli. IHtt.' There j« «« deal of difference hclw.-m Mr. Grifliths' candid Idler find the fUny about the li?ht th.il rust no nliadoiv. Tin; latter may l-o true enough, lint it i-nnnnu be verified without mere trouble than in if* worth. On tho other hand we have .1 trustworthy witnw, who will Jimwcr letters of enquiry, aud can he found ac his nrMross. 1-innllr, thrro \\* nothing m.v«?i(? np magical ahoiil Mother Keigcl'g Curative Syrup. Il nets on tho theory Hint most ailments nr-; hut ryinplc-.in.s, form*, or pji'ihcs of thnt universal diFeaso— inilip.'s- tion -wid dy.»i-ep«n ; it cures that, utvl throws tho liuht of health and h.ippirc.-.-i nver heart Iib and homo* whore illnos nit-I pain hiid ca«l wich a dark and terrifying shadow. And that in w!iy i-coplc believe ill thnt is told of its surces* by i-a;-r wn cessen. 65,lL',J)v-: 