FICTION A MILLIONAIRE S BRIDE. CIIAl'TElt I. It is unnecessary for mo to detail tlio cir cumstances under which I became confiden tial clerk and assistant to my old school fellow, liudovlc Steyno, solicitor. The fol lowing is nn account of a roinorknblo caso which necimied us for Boine timo— one of tho most rcmiirkahlo, I venture to think, that was ever brought to a solicitor's office. Ono morning, whilo Steyno was from iioino a card was brought to mo bearing the name, ALAN F. COHBETT. I know that an Amorican millionaire called Corbctt was then residing in London, nnd it occurred to me that this might lie the same man. It turned out that I was right. " Show him in," said I ; and tho next mo ment a young man, not yet UO, with fair linir, a pleasant but rather weak face, nnd u dis pirited nir, cntorcd tho room. 44 When will Mr. Stoync lie buck?" was the first thing ho said. 44 To-night or to-morrow morning," I ro- plied. " Perhaps you would rather wait und see him?" ' Ho hesitated, und I asked him to sit down. 44 Or, If you prefer to stato your caso to 1110, I will roport to him this evening," I added. 44 Perhaps that would bo best," ho said, wearily, resting his head upon his hand, 44 1 feel ub if I wuntcd to confide in Rotnobody right awny. ' I nm sick of keeping the affair to myself. It weighs on my mind." Of courso I told him that I was ontiroly at his service, and he proceeded— " Perhaps you may have heard tlmt I have a largo pilo of dollars. My fathor left about 10,000,000 do)., and most of thom came to ino when lio died. I supposo that is tlio reason tho scoundrclR have gone for.mc." 44 What seoundrcls? " " That's just what I want to find out. Every Monday morning for tlio last six weeks I have received a threatening letter. Thoy were all typo written, posted in London. I burned them as soon as I got them— all but tho last— nnd tried to forgot thom. But I can't got the thing out of my mind. Thu fact is, it's getting oh my norvos." . 44 You hnvn tbo last of Uieso letters with you ? " Hero it is. Tho rest were all to tho Bnmo oiTcct." Ilo produoed a loiter, wrltton on an ordi nary sheet of typo writing paper, from his broust pocket, and handed it to mo. It ran as follows Sir, — I beg to inform you that n disastor, mora awful and heartrending than you oun easily imagine, is now about to fall on you. Tiicro is nut 0110 way oy wiucii tne calumny can be nvortcd. You must immediately remit to Now York tho Riim of ono hundred thous and dollars (£20,000), and ptneo it to tho credit of tlio account of Thomas Sinclair, at Sullivan's Bank, in Ninoty-Hovonth-streot. Tills offer will romiiln open for 11 days only. If boforc tho oxpirution of that timo tho monoy is not forwarded, no power 011 earth can pro- vent tho torrihlo mlsfortuno ubovo predicted falling upon you ; and to tlio end of your days you will regret that you refused to bo warnod in time.— Your well-wisher, A. Simmonds. 44 But since nothing has hnpponcd in splto of your disregard of tho previous warnings," said I, putting tho totter carofuliy into a drawer, 44 porhups no harm Is really mount." " 1 was given eight weeks to hand over tho monoy in," anuworcd the young mnn gloomily, " then seven, then six. Now, you sco, tlio timo Is reduced to two." 44 Can you think of any Bpccial reason why that period should bo fixed ?" 44 Unfortunately I can. i am to bo married in oxaotly two weoks' time." 44 Ah I" 44 Yes; I am cngagtd to Miss Marchmont, a dnughtor of the lata General Sir Edward Marchmont, and that brings mo to another point that may bo worth mentioning. Lady Marchmont lives nt Lucknow House, Wimble don. It is in a lonely situation ; and Ladv Marchmont, who is of mtlior a timid disposi tion,- lias boon alarmed hy tho report that doubtful looking characters' hnvo bean scon hanging about the neighborhood. She ap plied to the police, nnd received a civil note tb say tlmt iucro scorned to bo 110 special cnuso for utavm, but that tho local constables hud been instructed to keep an oyo on tlio house, nnd warn all tramps and suspicious looking people off tho prcmisos." 'This was all Mr. Corbeit had. to toll mo, and as thoro wn» no necessity for immediate nation, I told our now client that I would re peat his story to Mr. Steyno us soon as ho caino back, nnd arrnngo for another interview. . Mr. Stoyno returned that night, and I at onoo placod I before him a prcois of the facts 1 hnvo here set down, along villi tho threatening letter. Stoync rend thom in ailonco. 44 Send a wire to Mr. Corbott asking him to call at 10 to-morrow morning," was all ho said whon he had perused them. At 10 next day Mr. Corbctt made his ap pearance, accompanied by Colonel Mnrchmont, nn undo of tho bride elect. Ho was a tall, upright, fresh-colored man— ft soldier every inch of him, and I guessed that ho could bo self. opiniated nnd obstinate to a degreo. " I am afraid, Mr, Corbctt," said Stoyiio, plunging at onco into tho business, 44 that youra is by no means an uncommon predica ment. Many attempts arc mmlo to black- mail woalthy mon. And it 6001ns to 1110 that 111 these' cases there are only two courses open to tho person attacked— pay up, or fight tho scoundrels to tlio death." 14 Fight them," cried the, colonel, twisting his long whlto inoustacho. Corbott looked us if ho woro not exactly in «» ugiiiiug iiuiuar. 44 It's not for myself that I. mind," ho be- gan nervously olomtig his throat, " though, of course, 1 would not know a moment's nonce, thinking of what thoso fellows might hnvo It in their heads to do to me. It's Emily. I mean Miss Marchmont, I'm think, ing of. You road tlmt infernal polico insneo- tor'R letter V" 44 Yes," answered Steyno ; 44 but really 1 don't see that Lady Marchmont has nny par ticular cause for alarm." 44 That's what I toll her," put in tho colonel. 44 But don't you think they may mean to strlko at mo through Minn Marchmont ?" pursued tlio young fellow, searching Stoyno's inscrutable face with eager eyes. 44 Thoy speak of my marrlnge— 110 ; but thoy mention fourteen days. Tlmt is what they mean. Thoy know that I would part with overy dollar I possess 'rather than that Emily should come to harm." " Alan I I see what you are driving at ?" shouted the colonel ; 44 nnd I tell you you will forfeit ever)- Atom' of respect I hnvo for you if you givo in to the demands of those ras cals. Ami lot me toll you this— tho chances are that if they bleed you onco thoy will bleed von neiiin. fill Him- ,v.nnl» vn«, dollar. Is it not so, Mr. Steyno ?" Steyno gravely assented. 44 Then you agree with mo that it is best to defy them— throw their outrageous letter into the fire, and forget it ?" 44 1 don't say tlmt exactly," said iny chiof, slowly. 44 1 think that overy precaution should bo taken to ensure your safety, and Miss Mnrchmonl's-tliough there seems to lie no cvidonce that she is specially aimed at. J fear thoso rogues mean business : and I will tell you why. I know this Sullivan, of New York, their bankar, who is to act, prac tically as their fonce. Ho is one of tlio greatest rogues unhung. But tho gang who nve trying to blackmail you must have capi tal, since ho is their cashier. Keep indoors, nnd don't go out unattended, and let Miss Marchmont do the same." " But wo can't keep up that all our lives 1" cried Corbctt Impatiently. 44 Don't you seo that you are condemning us to live almost hko tho Czar ? Would it not be possible to Iny some trap' for those fellows, and catch thom. nnd so get rid of thom ? I would give a ihousnnd pounds this moment to feel sure that I needn't fear them anymore. If any- tiling were to happen to Miss Marehinont I fdiouid go mad. Can't something be done, Mr. Steyno ?" 44 Not in tho way you mean. They would answer no advertisement, you may be sure ; nnd you see tho money is to bo sent to Ame rica.' All you can do is to bo ready for them in caso they try to carry out their threats. You carry a revolver ?" 44 1 have dono ro lately. But I am not afraid for myself. How are wo to get Miss Marchmont to shut herself up as you sug gested? I haven't told her of these threaten ing letters, because sho is so highly spirited that she would merely luugh at them. Lady Marchmont, now—" 44 My sister-in-law would die of fright, I do believe, If you wore to toll her," put in the colonel. 44 1 think Miss Marchmont ought to know that you have been threatened," said Steyne. 44 If you like I will call on her, and try to im press upon her my opinion thnt tho men who wrote these letters are not using more empty threats. Perhaps I cottld pcrsuado her to take at least somo ordinary precautions." 44 Thankfl— I wish you would. But when wo nro married wo shall be no hotter oft than wo are now," said Corbctt in a melancholy lone. " I wish to goodness thoy would attack me and do their best to murder mo. It would bo such a relief to know that they had done their worst." He wrote a lino on his card to Introduce Stoynoto his betrothed, nud then the million aire and his friend departed. It so happened that my employer was pre vented from going to Wimbledon thnt after noon, and I was despatched in his stead. I found Miss Marchmont and her sisters thrco clinrming and ' sensible girls. Their mother was nn invalid, nnd was for tho most part confined to her own room. The house Btood in a solitary part of the country ; and it was not well protected, tho household consist ing of woman servants and a pngo hoy. I told the throo young Indies that Mr. Cor bctt had received n threatening letter — T (lid not say ho had received six— and was grcatly( perhaps unduly, alarmed,. being under nn apprehension thnt danger threatened his bride; and I suggested that to ensure his nnncn nf mind tlinv should hlrn n mn.11 servant. and thnt in pnrliculnr sho should never go out alone. Miss Kinily fell in with my suggestions at once. I could rco that sho understood and appreciated iter lover's anxiety on her account nnd that, liko him, her thought were more in tlio future than in tho present— tlmt she dreaded more the effects of u series of threats, kept up perhaps for years upon her betrothed, than any actual danger in tho present. Our conversation did not last very long, and I was going downstairs on my way out when I met, to my amazement, on the stairs, thu lady (rain whom 1 had just parted. Emily Marchmont herself. For n moment a super stitious dread mastered mc. I stood stock still, gazing at tho apparition— as it seemed to mo— drawing slowly nearer. Then I saw my mistake. Tho girl was not Emily March mont. Close at hand the likeness was not so striking, but at the dwtanco of a fow feet it was positively startling. The girl's height, carri age. polso und shape of tho head, and cast of the futures, seemed absolutely identical with those of Miss Marchmont. Ere I reached tho front door nn idea struck mo. I turned on my heel and slowly went buok to tho drawlngroom. "Pardon mo," I said, 011 re-entering tho room, 44 but I mot just now on tlio stairs a girl who lionra a'ahigtilar rcsomblanco to you, Miss Emily." 44 Isn't it oddl" cried tho youngest Miss Marchmont. " Everyone notices It." "But who is it?" " Only our maid, Forbes. We cumo across her onco when we were staying at an hotel in Scarborough, nnd engaged her because of her likoncss to Emily, in order that wo might get hor to play in boiuo privnto theatrical we had In view where the point of tho play was a mistaken identity. It succeeded splendidly. Everybody in tho -room thought that Forbes was Emily ; and in tho middle of her acting tho real Emily camo (u and confronted her. The pcoplo stared as if Uioy had rocii a ghost ; and the nppiausa w»i3 quite deafening." 44 Don't chatter «o Dorothy," said hor old est sistor ; und kIio turned 0111110 a look which seemed to ask mo for an explanation of my conduct In returning. 44 It 1ms just occurred to me," said 1, 44 thnt possibly you may ho ablo to imiko use of this acoidontal rosomblunce. Your great wish (turning to Emily) 44 Is to do something which would put a final slop to this annoyance. Now it is iny belief, and Mr. Corbett's as well, that tho rascals who wrote tho threatening letter meant to strlko hiin, if they, strike at ail, through you. And by far tho most likely phtu for thom to adopt would bo for them to Lry to abduct you, and hold 3011 to ransom. I'rav (to not misunderstand mo," lor a scarce look enmo'into M2sb Emily's faco. " I do not for one moment suppose that thoy will liinko tho altompt, imioh loss do I imagine that they could Buccncd in currying out nny such crime. But if they have any serious plans underlying their threats, wo may bo pretty sure that thoy take tlio form of carrying you'olt by force or fraud, and holding you to ransom. They de mand twenty thousand pounds now of Mr. Corbott. For that sum thoy will graciously consent to leave him (and you) alone. But if thoy really succeed in hiding you away it would not bo twenty thousand, but two hun dred thousand tboy would domaud na your 44 But, Mr. Farrar, nro such things possible in a country liko ours ?" nsked tho eldest sis ter. 44 1 hardly think tho attempt would succeed," said 1, 44 but it might certainly bo made. Olio cannot bo always on one's guard, and tlio polieo cannot bo ovcrywhoro, as some people think thoy ought to bo. Our aim is tlmt It tho attempt is made to carry out thoso threats tho blackmailers should not get tho monoy thoy nro scheming for, but got caught and sent to penal servitude." 44 Exactly 1 But how is that to bo managod, Mr. Farrar ?" 44 My suggestion is this — that from now until tho ovo of tno wedding Miss Emily should bo somewhere olso— say, in London, while hor maid should bo lent to some friend in need of a maid who lives iv good way off. Thnt would bo given out to tbo world— to servants, post men, friond8. and acquaintances— everybody, in short. But nil tho timo tho nmlil and tho mistress would hnvo changed places. Tlio very oyes of tho conspirators would aid in de ceiving them. If thoy muko any attempt at all it will bo against the moid, Forbes, and you, Miss Einily, will cscnpo allogother. Nor need Forbes be under any apprehension as to her safely. Sho Iuir only to sntlBfy.her cap tors thnt sho is tlio girl Forbes, and not tho rich prize thov had hoped to gain, and they will bo forced to rcicaso her, for tho simple reason that thoy must know that no ono would pay ft largo sum to ransom hor. And whon sho returns to lis tho maid will bo able, if I nm not very much mistaken, to givo us such information as will lend to tho capture of tho wholo gang. To hk Continued. 