A.N.A. Ball at Bulong. _ ? & ? ? . (From Our Own Correspondent.) '?.- Bulong, September 15. . Last night a ball was given in the Miners' Institute by the A.N.A., and was thoroughly well attended, some 60 couples being in evidence. The hall was tastefully decorated with wild flowers, evergreens, ^tc, the flags of England and America being intertwined and in a prominent position. The catering was in the hands of Mr and Mrs Townsendjmd a first-class supper was provided, the tables being laid upon the stage. The music was all the could be wished, and as Mr Burmeister was M.G. it may be depended on that everything was well carried out. Al though tbis was a fancy dress ball a great number of ladies and gentlemen attended in evening dress. Your cor respondent was fairly exercised in hi3 endeavor to determine who was the ' belle/' and after ? much mental worry abandoned the task. Mr W. E. Ransome, the secretary of the A.N.A. Bulong Branch, must have worked very hard to have brought the affair to such a successful issue, and the society must be complimented upon giving one of the very bsst of the many good balls that have been held here. The following is a list of the ladies' dresses and the names of tlie gentlemen who were in fancy dress : — :Mrs J. S. Lyons, pirrette ; Mi\i T. Fisher, flight of swallows ; Miss O'Callaghan, nurse; Miss Vetter, forget-me-not ; Mrs Hurst, night; Miss Gibson, evening dre-s ; Mrs Lockard, evening dress ; Miss Madden, (Kanowna), evening dress ; Miss Cook, evening dress ; Mrs Dempsey, (Kalgoorlie), evening dress ; Miss Bennen, (Kalgoorlie), . evening dress ; Mrs B. J. Oorry, evening dress; Mrs Norris, ( Kalgoorlie), evening dress; Miss Gibletfc, my sweet heart ; Miss Lidinglon, gipsy ; Mrs J. Woods, even ing dress ; Miss Ryan, evening dress ; Miss M. Ryan, starlight ; Miss Kil patrick, good luck ; Miss Lockard, even ing dress ; Mrs T. Grant,, carnival ; Mrs Barabageur, evening dress ; Mrs Waldock, evening dress ; Mrs Robert son, evening dress ; Mrs Weutvrorth, evening dress ; Mrs F. Corry, night ; Mrs Lawn, Spanish dancer ; Mrs Leckey, evening dress ; Miss Harper, evening dress ; Miss Phillips, evening dress ; Mrs ? Tuns, romp ; Miss Madden, (Kanowna) evening dress ; Mrs Martin, evening dress ; Mrs Halm, evening dress ; Mrs Townsend, music ; Mrs Tounsing, Ma Mie Rosette; Mr3 Dowel, evening dress ; Mrs Bidwell, evening dress ; Mrs Robertson, evening dress ; Miss R. Best, dumplings ; Mrs Giblen, evening dress ; Mr A, Burmeister, Rus sian skater ; Mr J. Grant, man o' war's man; Mr S. Woods, clown; Mr C. Woods, trooper ; Mr Burden, ghost ; Mr H. K. Corry, darkie ; Mr Townsend, confectioner. 