BKOA.UBRIM'S GREATER HEW TORE LETTER. With fire or six respective armies | scouring the earth looking about- for eoiii( ._ body -who is spoiling for a fight to knock a chip off their shoulders, or to tread on tjje tail ot their" coats, one would liaturajjy think that any nation in such a posit jon would have all the fighting that was necessary to keep th'ein in pood health, facta are facts and facts ate stub^j, things. Of the thousands I have ggpu enlisted for the war everyone of them wanted to go to the front, just to see what real fighting meant. The examinations are now the most severe and ci itical that have -ever been known in the army, even in time of peace. But there is plenty of fighting material left in Mew York and that the good people will find out before November ides. A fight has broken out in the republican party bitterer than gall. The Erie Canal appears to be at the bottom of it, and before they get through with the unfor tunate business many hien who have held their heads very high may wish they were buried in the bottom of the canal, from which they have drawn millions of the public money for work never performed, and millions more on padded payrolls, debauching trusted public servants with a portion of their plunder. Tear, after year the "stealings have. con tinued, till at last the ring's immunity from punishment made them so bold they flaunted the proceeds of their villainy right in the faces of the people they were plundering, and if occasionally spoken to about the - nemesis that might some day overtake them they simply laughed in your face like Tweed, and wanted to know, "'What you were going to do about it P" It looks now as if there might be a round half-dozen parties in the field. Two for the republicans, two for the democracy, one abolitionist and a socialist. It must have been a .pretty serious matter that brought Richard Croker back post haste fromAIbion, for when he Left here a short time ago it was understood among his personal friends that he would not return until after the election. The steamer on which he left here had hardly reached the other side when a tele gram was handed him that there was trouble in the wigwam, and as soon 5as possible New York saw him hustling home ward. Since his arrival here there has been short meetings day and night, never exceeding in number more than three or four at a time, and it has been noticed that the visitor, no matter who, seemed to ?have an anxiotis frightened look, as though be bad just.learned something particularly ?unfortunate; but as to the nature of the trouble no one outside secret council chamber knoweth. One version of the unpleasantness is that Mr. Croker received a notice trom a close friend of ex-Governor Sill that if he would return at once ex .Govera or Hill would be glad to see him and endeavor to bring about a more per fect harmony and united effort which will insure a -democratic victory throughout the state this fall. If this can be accom plished, and from the pre ent state of affairs in the republican camp it looks as though it might be, democracy will have a fine billet for the next quarter of a cen tury in New York the li: tie an 1 New York the great, the land overflowing with milk and honey and nice little roast pigs done to a turn, tunning around the streets with a knife and fork stuck in their hind quarters crying, .« Who'll eat me ? Who'll eat me?" But thei*» are two sides to every question, and this is no exception to that rule. There is another version of this matter and which I think is just as probable as the other. There is something very enticing about political leadership and it is pretty well known that both of these gentlemen have been among the mo4 eminent leaders of their time. " Each one dominated in his particular sphere with power abso lute as he Czar of Bu&ia; or the Shah of Persia. A'most- from the first hour ol their acquaintanc j.it was evident that there, was iio love lost between them, and in speaking of each other their estimates were on the north side of friendly. Mr. Hill was not in any sense a scholarly nor even an edu cated man but he is better than either. Firstly, he knows himself better than any body else knows him. Every defect in his character he is fully aware of as bis : bitterest enemy can possibly be. The principal defect in his character, and one which hurts him politically, is his inability to forgive. An injury done is never for gotten. Years may come and go, political parties may change, t; e igj? esnve Republi can of to-day m y bv t ;e bit'er, partisan democrat of t- - no. row, bi t Djvid Bennett Hill knows no change. Be is the same as ?when he placed bis feet on the rock which is the corner stone of his political faith to^ay and electrified the land with the royal proclamation: " I am a. Democrat." Ofliere had uttered that sentiment years before David Bennet Hill was born, but no one gave it with the character, energy and foreo that made it a national shibboleth; that made it a war cry that held his wavering columns in the darkest and stormiest . hoars of trial, and at the dose of the desperate day save them the right to inscribe the word victory on the grand old Sag they had fol lowed to the pates of death; We believed Spain to be open, and found wo were lean ing on a broken reed; the unstable water was not more treacherous. In the swe« t calm of what in other or less favored lands wonld be called a lovely night in spring, when all nature was lulled to happi ness and rest, a frightful explosion, which seemed to shake the very foundations of the earth, shocked the ears of thousands in the city of Havana, and the affrighted inhabi tants rnsbed into the streets calling on God to save them, as they feared that General Garcia and his avengers were in full possession of the city. Looking across the calm and placid waters of the bay on wbich the great guns of Castle Morro looked down, silent and grim, there was a vacant place which that afternoon had to be occupied by one of the United States representatives - the warship Maine, one of the grandest triumphs of human genius that ever floated on old -ocean's bosom since the world began. There she lay beneath, the waves, assassi nated by supposed friends in the shelter of a friendly harbor and with her at one fell, dreadful swoop 266 of the county's brave defenders. Wherever civilization holds government among men a cry of horror arose such as seldom moves the world. To show the difference that exist among nations with regard to national comity and the sacred laws of hospitality, a few days after this dreadful holocaust, while the nation's heart was all aflame and cries of instant vengeance were heard in every quarter of the country, the Spanish armored cruiser Yizcaya, Commander Eulate, sailed peace fully into the haibor of New York. Frt m the hour of his* arrival, when he was greeted with a brother's triendly welcome, to the moment of bis departure, when he bade us a friendly adieu, a number of men. unknown to him, looked after the safety of himself, his ship, and her . crew. Every night during his stay powerful searchlights changed night into day, and the entire harbor illuminated by their aid seemed to lay bathed in the noontide splendor of a summer sun. This was tho honor paid to the repre j sentative of Spain when our spirits were heavy and our hearts were sore. Five months have passed since the commander of Yizcaya was the nation's honored sru"St. ] To-day he is a prisoner -our thrall ? captured in battle; his ship the Yizcaya, the terror of her enemies and the pride of the Spanish Navy, torn and mangled by shot and shell, lies on Santiago's shore a pitiful, hopeless ruin. Cervera's entire fleet is utterly destroyed and only a few scattered fragments and rnined hulls are left to tell the tale. With such a story and such a result, one would think there could be nothing but happiness and joy on one side and deadly grief and sorrow on the other. For Spain, in her present impoverished condition, the loss of $13,000,000 is little less than a calamity, for there is the snm those vessels cost that were destroyed on July 3. Bat that is not- alL The loss of her navy, one-half of which was destroyed by Commodore Dewey in the harbor of Manila and half by Commodore Sampson just off Santiago,destroys forever her supremacy on the sea. It has been a long and disas trous day for Spain, and. in this hour of joy and jubilee in my own land I have no desire to add to the bitterness. It is true that Spain has sinned and has not yet repented, but that will come in time. The question who won tho fight of July 3 now agitates New York and it is answered in nsany different ways. The victory was won by Commodore Sampson's fleet, so Sampson deserves the credit. But Com modore Sampson's flagship was seven iuilps away from the mouth of the harbor of Santiago when Admiral Cervera, followed by the rest of the fleet, made his famous dash for liberty. The Brooklyn, the Texas, 1 and the Oregon quickly closed in v.pon I them, and then began a running fight which j lasted for sixty miles. At the close of the race the Oregon was ahead of the rest and j her last shot before the surrender covered j the decks of the Cristobal Colon with the dying and the t'ead. The ship was on fire j and might be blown to atoms any moment | when the fire reached the magazine. The brave adndra! had done all that mortal man j could do and he surrendered. Many now think that the creuit is due to Captain Clark of the battleship Oregon, as if it had not been for her tremendous speed Admiral Cervera and the Colon would have got away. Commodore Schley, in speaking of the part the Oregon took in the chase, said:-" Her speed was wonderful and the unerring accuracy of her firing magnifi cently destructive." I have seen that grand adjective used in many forms before, but magnificent destruction is beyond my kin. But as Commodore Schley remarked in his report, there is glory enough for alL While we have been coquetting all the week with the angel of peace in foreign lands the murderous thugs of Hell's Kitchen have inauguiated a race war against the colored population which ended in mtirder. The police have made only faint effoits to stop it, for the tbngs are voters of the right kind, who vote early and vote often. Politics are lively and the effort to bring Richard Ci'oker of Tammany Hall and David Bennett Hill together has failed. We will know more of these political secrets later on. It is well for our Casillian brother, now that we are responding to the demand which echoes from that splendid mauso leum that crowns the heights of Riverside, "Iiet us have pe-ice." It is well for ;hnr Spanish brother that in his darkest and most trying_hour, when repeated defeat and disaster had roused all the worst passions of a fiery and vengeful heart, that he never used our wounded and suffering soldiers as we have used them during tho past six weeks or two months. Hempstead, on Long Island, is only a short distance from the city of Brooklyn and a part of the cstato of the great dry goods merchant, A. T. Stewart, on which be created the beautiful Garden City. Erected in the midst of it is one of the most eloquent Gothic cathedrals to be fonnd in the American Union. This was to be his mausolt-um. In the crypt were two sarcophagi of the purest Parian marble, where he hoped the bones of himself and his wife would rest till the trumpet of the dread archangel on the judgment day-shall summon tho quick and the dead. Vain ambition, vainer hoj e, and longing d< sire was never to be realize!. The dust of the millionatie magnate never reached its splendid temple. It was stolen from its temporary resting place by a thief in the night, and so, poor fly, he passes away fiom the HiPDwy of men. Early in the pvivsent war, when the States were being notified of their quotas, it was resolved to Ji=ive a camp near New York, and the Governor sent Adjutant-General IV.Uivghart, a personal friend, to spy out the land and select a camp ; r uncC which, judging from his selection, he knew as much about as he did of the man in the moon. The camp' was started and the soldiers began to. pour in by the thousand. It-was.-then discovered that there was no water available. After a time a small pipe was laid to some source of supply, but nothing. libe the requirements for thou sands of men. But they were not long waiting for water. It came on to rain and it rained for a week, and Tillinghasfs beautiful Camp Black, which received its name as a compliment to the Governor, became a wretched quagmire. The grub . tailed to come to him, and when^it did come the rain made everything sogty and wet and there was little or no chance to cook what they could get, and several times dur ing the first two weeks the men cold, hungry, and wet as they were, had to turn ont in the middle of the night and fight for their lives to keep tents from blowing away over their heads of the Coney Islanders into the Atlantic Ocean, when if they bad only struck a course south and by east, , half sonth, they would have arrived at ; Porto Bico justin time to see oar victorious troops enter San Juan. The scribes, myself among the rest, said as little about the horrors of such a camp lifo as possible; but the soldiers who suffered more at Camp Black than they did on the terrible battlefield of Santiago, no wonder the pooi fellows wanted to get to the front, so as to be killed as quickly as possible. Then the powers that foe resolved to have a permanent camp at Montauk Point, on the extreme end of Long Island. It was intended mostly as a resting placeJ and where soldiers broken down by long service in sickly and malarions climates might find rest and health. Before any adequate preparation had been made thousands of sick and dying soldiers were rushed upon tbem and they had no shelter, food, or medicine, in the rain; the ground all round was wet and soggy, so they had to lay the poor wretches on the ground and cover them with blankets to shelter them from the pelting of the storui. There was no need of such heartless cruelty. The Government had provided abundance of everything, the beat of food, medicines, and every requisite asked, but those whose duty it was to receive and distribute the medicines, special food, and necessaries did not now their business and should be court-martialled, and those who sent tbem to Montauk without first ascertaining if it was ready for their reception should be cashiered and drummed out of the army. But that is all past now; bury the memory of it ten thousand fathoms deep that the horrid record of that evil time s'jall no more be remembered among men. And so wit-h a land in sight, more beauti ful than that which the wondering prophet saw from Pisgah's height, we march-for ward to its possession. The eyes of the world are turned towards us to-day, and in all the grand national councils, wherever the sun shines, the question is being asked, who is the new Evangel; who is he that comes to us with the authority of a royal proclamation, and delivers his Master's message, which will, not be denied ? After waiting thousands of years an answer has come-to the question, " Am I my brother's beeper? " Aye, before God and for all time, yes; and to the unfaithful servant who denies that sacred duty, better for that mas that he had never beeji born, better for him that a millstone was tied about his neck and that he were drowned in the sea " On our south-eastern border lay an island, the richest and Fairest in all of God's domain. It was inhabited by a people gentle and kind, to whom the earth yielded its lavish abundance, making it an earthly paradise. The Spaniard, and he was wel comed to the best the land afforded, and in return for their hospitality they murdered and enslaved the people. Our own emancipation, which took place in 1S73, when peace was declared, gave us in return for our colonial condition national independence. It was the intention and desire of the fathers who founded the republic that this great western continent should be dedicated to freedom for ever, but a national incongruity existed at home. One-half of the nation was free and the other had slavery for itt cornerstone. It was impossible that such a condition of things should exist for ever. The passage of the Fugitive Slave law was the last ounce to break the camel'3 back. The con test came at last and the two parties met in deadly stiife. It was began in 1861 and ended in 1865, with slavery annihi lated in the limits of the American Republic. But while acknowledging ourselves the blessings of freedom,frora our south- eastern shore came up the cry of a nation of bonded slaves; stories of wicked cruelty and merciless wrong fired the hearts of the northern people and a climax to the villainy which claimed the sanction of Almighty Go-l in defence of this crying infamy. It was then that the righteous soul of John O. Whittier sent forth its indignant cry: " How long, ob, Lord, how long, Shall such a priesthood barter truth away, And in defence of robbery and wrong At thine own altars pray ?" An American citizen was tortured to death in one of Havana's prison cells. Our people heard thecry of the martyr and vowed revenge. Then followed the cowardly, assassination of oursplendid warship Maine when 266 men were murdered in cold blood. In the history of the world, irom the remotest time, no such cowardly crime ia recorded. A brief four months have passed since the President declared war, and a call for volunteers went forth to our people, and in less than forty-eight hours, over a million of men responded to the call. The whole nation became a martial camp. The fighting developed a race of fighters such as no nation on the face of the earth had ever seen before. England had sailors as fearless, as able and true, but they were the result of long years of training, whereas ours sprang forth armed cap-a-pie like Minerva from the head of Jove. _ We met the foe on many fields and were victorious. One of history's most brilliant pages will shine the names ..of Dewey, Sampson, Shafter, Schley, Watson, Bobson, Philip and a host of others enough to fill our Temple of Immortals. ? - After months of severe fighting and suffering the enemy give up the ghost. Porto 3£ico is ours and our Starry banner. floats over the Sandwich Islands which is now part of our imperial domain. For these who fought and died for our country's glory and who lie in a foreign land, all honor for all time. For this g ©it victory and all the blessings that the Alm-'ghty has bestowed on us with joyful and grateful hearts we join in the mighty anthem that now shakes the land, " Glory to God in the highest, peace on earth and good will to inen." 