A SEA TRAGEDY. }. IlIURDEROUS COOIiK. A despatch from Newport News, Va., Gth November, is as follows: The U.S.S. Lancaster dropped anchor in Hampton Roads thllis morning from Bahla, Brazil. In military confinement on the warship are five men of the crew of the schooner Oliver Pecker, whoso captain, J. W. Whitman, of ltockland, Me., and first mate, WVm. Saunders. of Sandy Cove, N.S.. were murdered at sea in August last. In the ship's brig close ly confined is Jos. Anderson, the schloo ner's cook, who is the self-confessed per petrator of the murders, and who after ward set fire to the vessel. Tile Olive Pecker sailed from Boston 27th June with a cargo of lumber for Bahla, and the story of this tragedy of the sea is told best in the words of the murderer, who to-night gave to the Associated Press the following versionl of his crime: "I was put aboard the Olive Pecker, a two-masted schooner from Boston to Ba hia, and had to serve the captain as his servant. I had good reason to believe that the captain did not take to me. and I was always in fear of my life whenever he got into his mad fits. He had a dog which was always coming into the cook house and annoying me. On the day of our little difficulty the animal came inside and I threw a boier of ilot water on him. Well, he howled, and the next thing I knew the captain was egining for me. I went to his cabin and he com menced cursing me, telling me that this sort of thing had to stop. I did not say anything to him, and he ordered me into his cabin to make up his bed. This was In the morning. "I made up his bed, and he ordered me out with a volley or oaths. I saw he was in mean humor and determined to arm myself against him. I knew the cap tain had some pistols itn his cabin and I went back to get one of them. Just as soon as I entered the captltin fired a beer bottle at me, and seeing that I dodged it he picked up a pistol from the table and sent a ball in my direction. 1 had got my hand on a weapon which was lying on the corner of his table, and, of course, I opened fire on the rascal. My first bullet took effect in his forehead, and the second one went into his breast. killing him almost Instantly. I then went upon deck called to tile lilate, who was in the fore rigging. "lie shouted down to me. asking what I wanted. I told him to come down, that the captain wanted him In thie cab in. Ile started down, and when he reached the deck I went for hiin. He was an old fellow,. with whiskers, and T felt like smashing him with my fist. He looked at me as if to Inquire iny author ity to order him about, and I levelled the weOpon at his old Iolwhlskered head, saying at the same time : "Now, die like the dog you are.' With that I pulled the trigger, and tile mate dropped to the deck. rolling to the port side of tile ship.ll "I lhen wlent down into the cabin, tllinking I would be able to take the ship myself. I saw that thle captain was a ghost and I came upon deck again. The mate was groaning and I felt It my duty to put hilm out of his misery. One more shlt did the art. I secured the captain's other pistol, and after giving the mate a second bullet I started to ward the crew, who were aft, with a pistol in each hand and gave them to understand that I was to be master of the Olive Pecker and that the first man who undertook to disobey my orders would have to suffer the consequences. They carried out my commands without a murmur. '"I first ordered them Io throw the mate's body overboard, andI then we went down into the cabin anslid rought up the captalin's corpse, .dli s.'itsg of it in like manner. Next i ordered the men to get out the oil and saturate the whole vessel, fore and aft, In such a manner that she would burnl up like -. They did that, and then noe got our belonglngs and prepared to take to the boats after setting fire to the old ship. Rly chuma and I went doswtt in one of the boats while the other four Ineus took to another. They pulled off in a different direction froem us and we never saw them again until we mlt in prison in Bahia. They must have peached on us, for no sooner had we landeds from the ship we had taken than the otficers placed us under arrest and sent us to iahla. "Tile Pecker was one month out from Boston, and was within two days of Bahia when all this happened. She was a two-masted schooner, and started out 'with a crew of eight." .,This statement was sent ashore by an cer of marine. The ottlelr stated that when the men were thrown into prison at Bahla, tile United StLtls Consul at bat port communncated i ith tile Navy epartlnent at Washington concerning . the arrest of the murderer and IIls ac tonupltces, and received instructions to lnare them aboard the cruiser Itneaster. lohich at the time was several hundred tles southl of Bahla. and which would bhordered to that port as soon as poe s le. The seamen renmlned in the old p:ison at Tllttla for four weeks before thi arrival of tile Lancaster. When the nls were sent aboard thle cruiser they w\'e found to be so filthy and pobrly clad that it wlas ntecessatry to give them baths anod new wearing apparel. The Cook wa ,rdt red in irons and the remainder of~'fti unforttlunate cretw were placed in n?l,.rv cth lhinlement. The five sallors lit'" nuh r the'* ltnple.sIo thast they are t.til ht'll oS witnesses ngoainst the co ::: t nill te exptrtt'rtd to otqstlfy that h Ie n id'r th, e'(iptain sd tnate. It is e?r. than ir''habit,. however, that thilt·ti ill ott ,ttly bi' uIt'd I s witnesses ag t: thi' tl ,'t. m 'r'r.d , tw \t 11i be held ashl ' imttd 0n the titt rf firing a sh ip C ' it ,, h i l 'h I. : ts . T h e ,,th or fiv e eit's' iltrcih'trg. Ant'doF. 1. March. I've tnt t ut for a lltl." D ~fip rnog Tastes.--"l f tih '. 1rh anny thing inl the \vorl,] hat .," .?ahd tile proud rlutocrat, "it is lting l it rlnized." "There'S nothing Itlt li t. tir," nsaid his ncqltdir.tance,. 0h" ih?'1.- t'llt lth" rlcr grCO cern . ... . .. ... ... I 