Thc Musical World. j Crockery fiddles are described in a letter by one Ludwig Rohrniann, which was published in "Die Kammermusic," a German journal, in-its issue of Juno G. Herr Rohrmv.nn tells us that his ex periments passed through different stages which ho divides into four periods. The first experi ments were made in 1886, but apparently they were not very successful. During the second period in 1887-S8 he seems to have advancel a step, altering first of all his model. For thc lat ter he took a Strad, but-making such alterations as appeared to him necessary on account of the different material. Next he began to investigate tho nature of the clay.to be used, as the instru ments so far produced a somewhat sharp tone of little power. Pie was told by Herr Walther An ger that he would not succeed, as only wood would yield the hard as well as the soft mate rial. He built a special little furnace for the burning or baking of his fiddles, but strü* the tone showed the same weakness. This led him to try and alter the character of the .clay used for the upper table, to obtain a parallel to the softer wood. For this purposes it was necessary to find a. material that would not change its nature by the process of burning, as is the case with clay, which becomes hard and-brittle. He found only, two. materials which were at all nicely; to answer that_purpose, and they were asbestos and infuao rial earth. Of these he chose the latter. These experiments marked the third stage or period. First of all he experienced difficulties in trying to find out the right proportion of infusorial earth and clay that would give the desired effect, as the latter material is already à compound of fusible clay,'fireproof clay, and china clay (Kao lin). This offered great technical.difficulties el various kinds, not the least being tö find a pro portion which would lead to a consummation of the problem without depriving the material of the consistency necessary for the process of model ling. In 1801 the first of these new instruments were completed and showed a decided advance in the quality of tone over their predecessors. The quantity still left much to bo desired. . After an interval of two years, Herr Rohrmann again took up his experiments, doubling the quantity of in fusorial earth and reducing the quantity ot clay in proportion. He found that this mixture was still'sufficiently homogeneous to allow the neces sary moulding and modelling. Hitherto he had applied two bass bai*s In lils instruments to give the necessary resistance to the strain on the ta ble. At the suggestion of the Concertmelster Herr von Maskpmawski, he employed in the new instruments only one bass bar. He. obtained five perfect specimens from his furnace, which ho intended to fit up and mount at his leisure, as he glued on the wooden necks, placed the sound post and bridge, etc., all personally. Other work prevented him from finishing the instruments, when he received a letter from the committee of the "Allgemeine Musik Ausstellung," at Berlin, in 1897, requesting him to exhibit these violins. He set himself Immediately to work and mount ed the Instruments, but unfortunately two were broken by an accident, so that only three are left. These instruments were tested by several musicians, and also by ah instrument maker, and are said to possess a sweet yet powerful tone, to be very even on all strings, and to speak very easily. . They are now exhibited at the Messpalast at Berlin, and Herr Rohrmann tells us that-they will probably remain the only specimens bf their kind, as he does not intend to make any more; although he says .that he has no doubt that fur ther éxperiments would tend towards still higher perfection. He thinks it, however, more than doubtful that others will follow his example, which involves years of study and very consider able expense, both of which he- has sacrificed merely for the love of the art itself. This is indeed noble enthusiasm, and if the result proves all that is claimed, perhaps we shall hear more of these wonderful clay fiddles. , The new pedal violin, it is said, is an ordinary violin .with certain mechanical additions, viz., the violin is placed in a specially prepared table, and beneath it, in a case, a circular bow is dri ven by pedal action, which bow being mechani cal does away with one of the greatest difficulties in violin playing, viz., the management of the bow. This circular bow is an endless hand driven in one direction by the aforesaid pedals, and which can be brought into contact with any or all of the strings at once. The notes are produced by stopping the strings with the fingers of tho left hand, and the close shake, tremolando, and glissando effects can be produced in the usual way. Staccato is possible, arid any degree of expression, from ff to pp can be obtained. . It is further claimed that this instrument ¡is not only capable of all the effects of an ordinary violin, but more, inasmuch as sustained chords of foui notes ai*e capable of production, and legato pas sages can be played without any break in the bowing. Why will the managers of newspapers employ men as musical critics who are incapable of either understanding music or of writing plain English? Here is a sample of what is called high-falutin' on a musical subject, taken from an English paper. The scribe had been to hear Fachmann the pian ist play, and writes: "'As tho Magician touched the responsive keys my mind began to waken and expand. I became, otherealised (so it appeared), and walked through winding? avenues of elms and oaks, cypresses and quivering aspens, in the moonlight, hearing above the murmurings of aeoli an harps the tuneful whispering of the evening wind. Then met together youths and maids, who talked of love and dim futurity, until, like a pale ghost, the first faint gleam of dawn shone down and drove them wailing from the pathways. They fled, whereto I know not, nor shall ever know; but as they went their wailiugs developed into songs, which spoke of hope and peace and charms beyond the mortal universe. "He touched the magic strings again, and so there floated out upon the air, harmonies-weird and wonderful. I could nigh,, see them, and at last I did. The forms, before'diaphanous, warm ed by a wealth of sound," spi'|t^;Into sight, scarlet and glowing, but not lo be difcribed. . Then came a pause, heightening expectation to the point ol agony.. A roar of rushing waterfalls pealed out, and at last grew faint, dreamily murmuring: .'Art Ja eternal, but men die,' and so sighing and sough ing, faded drowsily away. "A single note, rich and full, rang out and clashed against the sky, to shiver into multitudes of sounds-star-sparkling, . which sank- dowr, clearly through the air, dissolving as they, fell, niling: all space and matter with their subtlei harmonies. . It rang again-again-with richei strength, until it seemed the universal air mlghl not sustain tho wealth of njetody.. , .The senses strained and grow acute, breathing thc air thus music-laden, and as they reached the acme ol their rapture, the whole framework of harmonios died with startling suddenness, leaving mo mo tionless and listening-but only to the echoes in ray mind. "When I glnnced up again the Magi cian had dcparledj and I grieved I had once moro J reached to reality." '.- " !. j The recent meeting of the Fels Ceoil, or Faysh Keoje, at Belfast in Ireland, has been much com mented on by the musical journals. Tho Faysto iKeole ie a .-ociety which aims nt tho cultivation of 'irish music, both ancient anil modern. A coniri ; tor to the "Musical Time?" for Juno' says: "The ! modern Feis Ceoil, acoordrig to' otüe'.al information, "aims at tho cultivation of Irish music and its pre. sentation to the public in a becoming manner. It also includes among it« objects the advancement of musical education and activity in Ireland general ly, so as to regain for the country, if possible, its old eminence among musical nations." Excellent .objects, which cannot bs gainsaid. The Fois Ceoil I Association, having its central office at li) .Lincoln ! Place, Dublin, was formed only two years ago. j Tho first meeting, held in Dublin, was attended j with encouraging success. It was quite in tho inatural order of thing.* that thc second Fois Ceoil ¡should take place in Belfast. The commercial im Iportance of the capital of Ulster would be sufficient j justification for its selection as the placa of rneet i inp. But there was a peculiar fitnes;-in the choice j of Belfast, inasmuch-ss a Iii tlc more than a hundred years ago a memorable gathering of Irish nativo harpeita, was held there, wh'cb resulted in the impor tant collection of Irish folk-songs associated with I the name of Edward Bunting. The* promoters o £ ¡that Feis Ceoil of harpers-held July 11-13,. 17.12. j-engaged Bunting, then a youthful musician of .10, i to note down the native airs played by those old j Irishmen, the folk-melodies which in all probability i would otherwse have become extinct, and thereforo irrecoverable. It speaks well for the foresight of i those Belfast enthusiasts of 1702 that Bunting's ex cellent collection has formed the ba.;is of all subse ! quent compilations, including that associated with the more familiar name of Thomas Moore. The "Strati" for July gossips pleasantly on fiddle buying: In the first place we may take it for granted that a fiddler will always spend as much as he can afford on his Instrument. If he is a pro cessional then, to look at It only from a tradesman's ! point of view, capital spent on a. good fiddle is well laid out; but if besides being a professional he is also an artist, or if he is an amateur, then his very, love of the noble art of addling will move him lo secure the bert fiddle within his means. By the best fiddle here ts meant the best fiddle for playing on. But, in the second plací, besides its value na an instrument of music, many a fiddle possesses what is known as a curio value. At. one end of tho scale of buyers or possessors ia the fiddler who cares only for playing qualitiee; at the'other is tho collector pure and simple, to whom his collection is nothing more-nor les«;-than might be a collec tion of gems or of pictures. There are all grades between these two extremes, and the two capaci ties, thait of player and that of collector, ave often merged in one individually. Now, ns instruments of high curio value are also in many cases extremely valuable for playing purposes, it follows that there is for such instruments a competition of two» classes of buyer-a competition which causes* a scarcity in the market, and consequently forces up> prices. Thtia we hear of "Lé Messie" Strad being sold for £2000. In the third place, it is generally, récognised that ago or much playing, or a combina tion of the two, has a markedly beneficial effect ia mellowing and sweetening the tone pf an instru ment. The harshness: of even the best new liddle has to be played down. The lines are now obvious on which a would-h© purchaser would do well to proceed if he is ia search of a fiddle to play on. We will neglect tho collector, who might, in order to strengthen a weale spot in his collection, be wise in giving an inordi nately fancy price for an intrinsically worthies» specimen. The sensible course, then, would seem th be to fix in. thç first placo the maximum sum available for the purpose, and then to decide whether the player can give a new fiddle enough exercise to make certain of wearing down! ita roughness within a reasonable time. If he caa give several hours a day to practice, a new instru ment would probably prove a better purchase thark an old for any sum up to, say, £20. But if hi» time is strictly limited it may be better to get ant old well-used'fiddle rather than a superior .modern, instrument. Even when larger sums are at command, the; purchaser will, I think, do better, with his money if he avoids fiddles with & name to them. Take away the curio value of ar* eminent Instrument, and the price wHl be seen'tox be very much diminished. In other words, a 114 dle-except perhaps hi the very highest ranks without a name, but quite.as good, can be bought' for a much smaller sum. Personally, so far aa playing goes, I do not care a farthing whether the instrument was made 200 years ago by Antonio Stradivari or yesterday by John Smith. The tone» is everything. The difficulty, of course, is to find, a quite new instrument that has the tone. Indeed,, .although the fiddles to which I referred at the be ginning of these remarks were good, I have never, heard a fine new violoncello. A curious thing ia that these new fiddles, If they had a weak point, wero a little poor on the finst string, although good on the fourth; whilst new bae^es are, so far; as my exerlenpce goes, always harsh on the.fourth; and decent on the first. In concluding these, ob servations I must not omit the oft-repeated yet' essential advice-before completing a purchase con sult an expert, unless you chance to be one jour self. The ancient glory of Cremona, the home of cele brated instrument-makers, has gradually ebbed away. She was the country "and residence , of all the renowned artists who were the glory of Italian: instrument-making trades. Amati, Stradivarius, Guarnerlus, and others, whose instruments aro to-day worth their weight in gold. Violins and violoncellos"are still manufactured there; in fact, the city has remained the centre, of this induetry; but the present period witnesses the uprising oí a strong rival-the little city of Schqnbaeh, . In Bohemia-which Ls becoming famous, not through1 the artistic value of her goods, but by reason ol her enormous fabrication and exportation of. stringed Instruments. It is said that'this trade commenced in Schonbach about the middle of the sixteenth century, or at'the epoch of Gaspar de Salo and the first Araatls. To-day almost all the male part of her 3700 Inhabitants is engaged Itt this industry. »v l Over £20 was netted through the late Jhojí» pital juvenile ball at Parkes. " - . ~ ~\ The Captain's Flat-Bungcndorc coach wns es corted by the police on September 7, it being pay day at the mines, -' . 