A Ghostly Visitant. I was a medical student in London, attending the lectures at dear old Barfs, and looking for ward to being the possessor of a snug little prac tice which; for family reasons, I could almost al ready call my own. It wanted but a few days to Christmas, 1874, and I intended to pass that season with an aunt in Huntingdonshire. j On the 22nd I packed my bag, and in due timo arrived at Oakshott, as my relative called her | house-regarding which Miss Betsy Trotwood, might have inquired "Why Oakshott?"-it being Damed on the lucus a non lucendo principle, as there was not an oak within a mile of it. The old lady met me in the entrance hall, and gave me an effusive greeting; so gushing was it that, although we were the best of friends, and I could always consider her home mine, I could not help fancying there must be some unusual cause for the delight she evinced. After supper the truth came out. "Phil, dear," she said, "I'm more than glad to sae you this time. You know you are always welcome; but what you don't know is that either my intellect is failing or that there is a-a ghost in the house! Yes;1 don't stop me, or I shall break down; I know II shall. It is very, very stupid; but I can't help; it. And O! Phil, Phil, my dear, dear boy-" and she burst into a Hood of tears. I made some j commonplace remarks to pacify her, wondering all the while what the deuce it could be, and whe- ยก tfcer it was really a case of "a bee in a bonnet." j By and by her hysterical flt subsided, and my aunt ; was able to give me a rational account of her trouble. | It seemed that for some nights past, after she had gone to sleep, she had been awakened by j something tugging at the bed-clothes. On one occasion the eiderdown quilt, and the covering next to it, had been actually pulled off, and had fallen tc the floor. Naturally Miss Rachel-that was her name-was very much frightened, but, | nevertheless, each time she got up, lit her candle, I and made a thorough search of the room, discov- j ering nothing, however, to explain the mystery. ' Her door was fast locked and bolted on the in- ยก side, the shutters were securely closed, and there ' was not a crevice in the apartment that she had ( not carefully explored to see if a living bird or ! animal had been concealed there, but all in vain. I should state that my aunt, though wealthy, I had only a small establishment, consisting of two' elderly female servants, and these I well knew, could be entirely depended upon. They slept on the first floor, at the back of the houss, overlooking thf> garden, and the servants' quarters were on j the storey above. The front of the house, com-1 pint cly furnished should need arise, was almost always occupied, and, owing to the peculiar con struction of the building, the only other room at the back on the same level as my aunt's was the platt* closet, where some hundreds of ounces of silver, most of it antique, and of great value, were stored. I had often endeavored to persuade her to deposit this at her banker's, but she always ob jected to do so, alleging that it was one of her chief pleasures to look after the various articles herself, and to see that not a speck was allowed to tarnish their elegance. After Miss Rachel had told me her story, I fan cied that I could see clearly, that no supernatural agency had been at work, and yet I was puzzled to account for the fact that her chamber had cer tainly not been entered, and that no living being had been "lying low" in it. The elucidation of the difficulty was, I felt convinced, to be found in connection with the plate closet, and I begged my aunt to allow me to pass the night in that re treat. After some hesitation she consented, and when bedtime came, I made myself as comfort- ' able there as I could with the assistance of a sofa chair, plenty of eggs, and a modicum of-well, not i waler alone. My only stipulation was that my atm I's door should be left unfastened. 1 must have dozed, off and on, for a couple of hours, when I was aroused by a piercing scream ; I and "Phil! Phil!" in an agonising tone, sounded in my ears. I rushed out of the plate room, crossed the narrow passage which separated it from the bedchamber, and in a moment was in the latter. As I entered something became entangled in my legs, and I nearly fell. But in that second, I heard a slight scuffle outside the window, and dashing open the shutters I caught sight of a man making tracks for the end of the garden. I had tay revolver in my hand, and fired, bringing down tbe quarry. The shot attracted the attention of the village policeman, who happened to be close at hand, and between us the wounded man, who proved to be a ne'er-do-well of the locality, was safely housed. I then had time to devote attention to Miss Rachel, who, it may easily be believed, was not a little alarmed. But her satisfaction in finding thit she had neither been the victim of a mental malady, nor of a ghostly visitant, tended greatly to quiet her nerves, and she was completely re assured when we discovered how the trick had been worked. That which had caused me to stumble just in side my aunt's room turned out to be a fine, but very rigid, steel wire, one end having been split in three, and each point bent down and sharpened, so that an exact resemblance of a bird's claw was produced. The window and shutter being not only old-fashioned but old, had left sufficient space at the corner next to the hinge to allow this instrument to be inserted and pushed forward until the fork end rested on the bedclothes. A little manipulation enabled the man outside, who stood on a short ladder, to pull off the coverlet by means of tho claw, and then quickly to disengage and withdraw the wire. Of course, directly he heard the sound of matches being struck inside, preparatory to the lighting of thc candle, he van ished, only to return and repeat the operation on the following night. This was the substance of the confession made by our prisoner, who alleged that it was his de sign by these means so to work upon my aunt's fears that-as I verily believe she would have done, had not I fortunately succeeded in unra velling the mystery-she would have changed her sleeping apartment to the front of the house, when he would have had the opportunity be desired, of paining free access to the back-including the plate closet. On the following morning when I went to break fast an envelope with a ยฃ10 note was in my nl.n ip. 