[?] ' PUBLISHED BX. SPEOIAL ARRANGEMENT. ' . An lll=omened Room and a Terrible Night. ; : . v' . By FBBWS HIM, . Author of "Tho Mystery of a Han'som Cab," "The Third Volume," "The Lono luu," "For ttab Dofenoe," "The Professor's Muriimy," &o.; . copyright. . . j shall » novor for- got tho \- terriblo »?hs£n7a? Ringshaw Grange in r" the year st r a n g o o n d v o u - — . turesinfiir lands, and have seen some gruesome sights in tho littlo wars which are constantly being waged on tile frontiers of our empire ; but it wus reserved for an old country house in Hants to be the scono of the most noteworthy episado'in ray life. Tho experience whs a painful ouOfiiudliiopcit may never be repeated; but indeed so ghastly un event is not likely .to occur again. If my story rcuds more like fiction than truth, 1 can only quote the well- worn suyiug, of tlio latter being stranger than tho former. Many a timo iu my wandering life have I proved tho truth of this proverb. The whole affair roBe out of tho invitation which Frank Ringun sont me to spend Christ mas with himself and bis cousin Percy at tlio family seat near Christchurch. At that time I was homo on leavo from India ; and shortly aftor my arrival I chanced to meet with Percy Riugan in Piccadilly. Ho wus an Australian with whom I had been intimate some yours before in Melbourne ; a dapper little man, with sleek fair hair und a transparent com plexion; looking us fragile as a Dresden ohinn image, yot witli plenty of pluck and spirits. He suffered from heart disease, and was liable to faint on occasions ; yet he fought aguinst his mortal weakness with silent cour age, ami with certain T precautions against ovur-excitoment, ho managed to enjoy life fairly well. Notwithstanding his pronounced effemi nacy, und somewhat truckling suhservienoy to rank und high birth, I liked tho little man very well for his many good qualities. On the present occasion I wus glad to seo him, and expressed my pleasure. " Although I did not expect to see you in England," said I, after the firat greetings had passed. "I bavdflieen in London these nine months, my deur Luscelles," he said, in his usual mincing way, "partly by way of a ohuuge and partly to seo my cousin Frank — who indeed invited me to oome over from Aus tralia." " Is that the rioh cousin you were always speaking about in Melbourno?" "Yes. But Frank is not rich. I am tho wealthy Ringun, hut he is tho head of the family. You see, dootor," contiiiuod Poroy, taking my arm and pursuing the subjeot in a oonversatiounl manner, " my father, beiug u younger eon, emigrated to Melbourne iu the gold-digging days, and mado his fortune out there. His brotbor remained at home on the estates, with very little money to keep up tho dignity of the family: so my father helped the head of his house from timo to timo. Five years ago both my untie and father died, leaving Frank and me as hoirs, tho ono to the family oatato, the other to the Australian wealth. So—" "So you assist your cousin to keep up the dignity of tho family as your father did before you." "Well, yes, I do," admitted Percy, frankly. "You' Bee, we Ringans think n great deal of our birth and position. So muoh so, that wo have made our wills in one another's favour." " How do you mean ?" " Well, if I die Frauk inherits luy money ; and if he dies, I become heir to the Ringun estates. It seems strange that I should toll you all thiB, Lasoollos , bat you were so inti mate with me in the old days that you can understand my nppurent rashness." I could not forbear a chuckle at tho reasuu assigned by Peray for his confidence, especially as it was such a weak ono. The littlo raun had a tongue liko a town-orior, and oould no more keep his private affairs to himself than a woman could guard a seorot. Besides I saw very well thut with his inhorent snobbishness be dcBiredto impress me with the position 'and antiquity of his, family, .and witli- the.fuct— undoubtedly true— that it ranked amongst tho landed gentry of the kingdom. However, . tho" weakness/ though in bad taste, was harmless 'enough, und I had no scorn for tho confession of it. Still, I felt a trifle bared, as I took littlo interest in the abronioling of suoh small beer, und shortly parted from . Percy after promising to diue with him the . following week. At this dinnor, whioh took plane' at the Athenian Club, I met with the head of the Riugan fumily; or, to put - it plainer, with Percy's oousin Frank; Like tho Australian ho was. Ismail and /neat; hut enjoyed much better health und lacked tho cffeminucy of tho other. Yot on the whole I liked.Peroy tho best, as . there was a sly oast about Frank's countonanoe whioh I did not relish, and ho patronised hie colonial cousin iu rather an offensive manner. Tho latter looked up:to his , English kins man with all deference, and would; I am sure, have willingly given his gold to regild tho somewhat tarnished esontoheon of tho Ringans. ' Outwardly the two cousins wore so ulike as to remind one of Tweedledum and Twoodledeo; but uftor duo consideration I decided that Poroy was the bottor-uatured and more honourable of tho two.. For some reason Frank Ringan seemed desirous of cultivating my acquaintance ; and in oitRRvay und another I saw a good deal of him during hia stay in London. - Finally, when I wus departing on a visit to some relatives in Nonolk, ha invited me to spend Christmas at Ringshaw ' Grange— not, aa- it ufterwards appenred, without, an ulterior motive. " I can take no refusal, " said he, with a hoardhess which sat ill on him, ' " Poroy, us' nn old friond of yours, lias sothis heart oil my having you down ; . and— if I may say so — I havo set my heart on the saino thing.!' " Oh, y ou really must oome, Lascolles," cried Percy, eagerly.' ' " Wo aro going to keep Ohristmas ' in the real old English fashion. Washington Irving's stylo, voii know, holly, wassail-howl, games, and mistletoe." "And perhaps a ghost or so," finished Frank, laughing, yet with a side glance at his little cousin. . "Ah! "said I.. "So your Grange is haunted." " I should tliiulc so," said Ecroy, hsforo his cousin oould speak, " and with a good old Queen Anne ghost. Corno down, doctor, and Frank slmll put yon in tho haunted chamber." . "No!" oried Frank, with n oliarpness whioh rather surprised me, " I'll, put no ono in the Bluo Room; tho consequences might he fatal. You smile, Lascolles, but I assure you our ghost hue been proved to exist 1" " That's a paradox ; a 'ghost can't, exist. But tlio story of your ghost. — -" ' "Is too long to tell now," said Frank, laughing. " Come down to the Grange, and you'll hear it." "Very good," I replied, rather attraoted by the. idea of a hiiuntod house, "you can count upon me for Christmas. Bnt I warn you, Ringun, -that I don't believe in spirits. Ghosts went out with gas." "Then tbey must have come in again with oleotrio light," retorted Frank Riugan, " for Lady Joan undoubtedly haunts the Grange. I don't inind ; as it adds distinction to tho house." " All old families have a ghost," said Poroy, importantly. " It is very natural when one has ancestors." Thero was no more said on tho subjeot for the time being, hut tho upshot of this eon- ; vereatiun wus that I presented myself at Ringshaw Grange two or three days before Christmas. To Rpenk tho truth, I caino muro on Percy's account than my own, as I knew tlio littlo man suffered from heart disease, -and a sudden shook might | prove fatal. If, in the unhealthy atmosphere of uu old house, the inmates got talking of ghosts aud goblins', it might be that tho consequences' would he dangerous to so highly strung and delicate u man as Percy Ringun. " For this reason, joined to a sneaking desire to see the ghost, I found myself a guest at Ringshaw Grange. In ono way I regret tho visit; yet in another I regard it lis pro vidential that I was on tho spot. Had I been absent the catastrophe might have been greater, although it could scarcely have beon more terriblo. Ringshaw Grange was a quaint Eliza bethan house, all gables aiid diamond case- monts, und oriel windows, nod quaint terraces, looking liko an illustration out of an old Christmas number. It was embowered in a largo park, the trees of which came up almost to the doors, and when I saw it first in tho moonlight — for it waa by a lato train that I came from London— it struck mo as the very place for a ghost, Here wus a haunted houso of the right quulity if over there was one, und I only hoped when I crossed tho threshold that the local spectre would be worthy of its environ ment. In snoh an interesting house I did not think to pass a dull Christmus ; hut— God help , me — I did' not anrioipate so tragic' a Yuletide as I spent. As our host was a baoholor and had no female relative to do the honours of his house the guests were all of tho masouline gender. It is truo that thero was a housekeeper — a distant cousin I understood— who was rather elderly, but very juvenilo as to dress und munnor. She went , by tho name of Miss Laura, but no one saw muoh of her, us, otherwise than attending to hor duties, sho remained mostly in her own rooms. ' . So our party wits composed of young men— none save myself being over the age of thirty, and few being gifted with muoh intelligence. : The talk was mostly of sport, of borscracing, big gumo shooting, and yaoht-sailing ; so that I grow tired at timoa of theso subjects und retired", to the library to read mid write; ' The day after I arrived Frank showed me over the house. It wue a wonderful old barrack of a placo, with broad passages, twisting interminably like 'tho labyrinth of Dcedalus ; small bedrooms furnished; iu an old-fashioned munnor, and vuet.reooption apartments .with polished floors and painted oeiliugs. ' Also thero wore tlio customary number of family portraits frowning from the walls; suits of furnished armour; arid anoient tapestries embroidered with" grim and ghastly Iogends of the past. The "old houso was crammed with treasures, .rare enough to drive an antiquarian crazy ; and filled . with tho flotsam und jetsam of muny centuries,; mellowed by .time iuto one soft hue, whioh put them ail in keeping with orio'unother. I must say that I was olmriried with Riugshaw Graugo; and no longer won dered at the pride taken by Peroy Ringan in hia family and tfepii past glories. " ' ".That's all very well," said Frank; to whom I rem'arkod as much ; "Percy is rioh, and had ho this place' oould' keep it up' in proper style ; but I am as poor as u rat, and unless I oan make a rioh marriage or inherit a comfortable legacy, house and furniture, park und timber may all pome to the hammor." He looked gloomy aB he spoke ; und, feeling thut I had tounhed on a somewhat delicate matter, I hastened to chango tho subjeot, by asking to be ehown the famous Blue Chamber, wliioh was suid to be haunted. ThiB wus tho true Mecca of my pilgrimage into Hants. . "It is along this passage," Baid Frank, leading the way, "and not very far from your own quarters. There is nothing in ita looks likely to hinji at tho ghost— at ull events by day— but it is haunted, for nil that." ., Thus speaking ho led mo into a large room with a low . ooiling, and a broad casement Iookiug out on to tlio untrinimed park, whoro the woodland wus most sylvan. The walls wore hung with blue oloth embroidered with grotesque figures iu bluok braid or thread, I know not which. There .was , a large old- fashioned bed with tester and' figured our- tains arid a quantity of cumbersome furniture of the. early Georgian epoqh. Not having been inhabited for many y.ealrs the room had. a' desolate arid silent look — if one may use such an expression— and to my mind looked gruesome enough to conjure up a battalion of ghosts, let alonu ono. . "I don't agreo with you 1" said I, in reply to my host's remark. ." To my mini this is tho very model of n haunted ohamber. What fa (be legend?" ' . "I'll toll it' to. yon on Christmas Eve," replied Ringiiri, as we left the room. "It is rather a hloodl-ourdUng talo." . . "Do you b'olievo it?"'said I, struok by tho solemn air of tho speaker. , " I have had evidence to make me credulous," ho replied dtyly,, and olosed tho eubjoot for the timo beiug. / .. It was renewed on Christmas Eve when all ottr' oompany were gathered round a huge wood fire in the library. Outside, the snow lay thick on tho ground, and the gaunt trees stood up blaok and leafless out of the white expanse. The sky was of. a frosty blue witli sharp-twinkling stars, and a hilrd-looking mopn. On .tho snow tho shadows of inter lacing houghs were traced blackly as in Indian ink, arid the oold was of Arctio severity. ' But seated in the holly-doeked apartment boforo a noble fire which roared bravely up the wide chimney wo oared nothing for the frozen world out of doors. Wo luugned and talked, sang songs and recalled adventures, until somewhere about ten o'clock wo fell into, a ghostly vein quite in keeping with the goblin-haunted season. It was then that Frank Riugau was called upon to ohill our blood with bis local legend. This he did without muoh pressing. ,"In_ tho reign of good Queen Arine," said he, with a gravity befitting tho subject, "my ancestor Hugh Ririgiui' was, tlio owner of this house. He was a Silent misanthropic man, having been soured early in life by the treachery of a woman. Mistrusting the sex, .he .refused to marry for many years , and it was not until ho was fifty years of age thut he was beguiled by tho arts of a ' pretty girl' into the toils of- matrimony. Tho lady was Joan Challoiier, tho daughter of tha. Earl of Brauspourt : and she was esteemed ono of the beauties of Queen Anno's court. "It was iu London that Hugh met her, und thinking from her innocent and child like appearance thut she would mtiko hint a true-hearted wife, ho married hor after u six months' courtship aud brought her with nil honom; to Riugshuw Graugo. After his marriage he became more oheerful and less distrustful of his fellbw- ereuturcs. Lady Joan was nil to him that a wife could be, uud seemed devoted to her husband and oliild— for she early became ambtker — when one. Christ mas Evo all this happiness emtio to un end." "Oh!" said I, rather cynioally. "So Lady Joan proved to be no better than the rest of her sex;" "So Hugh Ringan thought, dootor; but ho wus its mistaken as you aro. Lady Joan occupied the Blue Room, which I showed you tho other diiy ; and ui Christmas Eve, when riding homo late, H ugh saw a man descend from tho window. Thunderstruck by the sight, ho gulioped after the man and caught him before ho could mount a horso whioh wus .waiting for him. Tho euvalier was a hand some youug fellow of twenty-five, who refused to niiswor H ugh's questions. Thiuk ing, naturally enough, that he ! had to do with ;a lover of his Wife's, Hngh fought a duel witli tho stranger and. killed him after a hard fight. " Leaving him dead on the snow ho rode. back to the Grange, ' and hurst in on his wife to uccnse her of perfidy. It was in vain that Lady Joan tried to defend herself by stating that tho _ visitor was hor brother, who was engaged in plots for tho restoration of Juriics H., and on that account wished to keep secret the fact of hia presence in England. Hugh did not believcher, and told herplainly that ho had killed her lover ; whereupon Lady Joan burst oat. into a volley of re proaches and cursed her husband. - Furious at what ho deemed was her boldness, Hugh at first attempted to kill hcr, hut not thinking the punishment sufficient, he cut off- her right hutid." " Why ? " asked everyone, quite unpre pared for this information. " Because iri tho first placo Lady Joan was very proud of hor beautiful white hands,, and in tlio second Hugh had seen the' stranger kips her hand— her right hand- before he -. descended from- tho- window. For theso reasons he mutilntedriier thus terribly." " And sho did die ?" '"Yes, a week after her hand was ont off. Arid sho swore that she would come baok to touch all those.in the Bluo Room — that is who slept in it— who were foredoomed to death. Sho kept her promise, for many people who have slept in that fatal - room havo been touched by tho dead band of- Lady - Joan, und liuve subsequently died." "Did Hugh find out that his wife was innocent?" "He did," replied Riugan, "and within a mouth after hor death. The strangor was really her brother, plotting for Jumes II., as sho hud Btuted. Hugh was not punished by man for his criuio, but within a year ho slept in the Bluo Chamber urid was found dead next morning with the mark of three fingers on his right wrist. It was thought that in his remorse he had courted death by sleeping in tho room cursed by hie wife." " And there was a mark on him ?" " On his right wrist red marks liko a burn; tlio impression of three fingers. Since that time the room has beeu haunted." " Does everyone who sleeps in it die ? " I asked. "No. Many people havo risen well and hearty in the morning. Only those who are doomed to au early death are thus touched ! " " When did the last case ocour ?" " Three years ago," was Frank's unex pected reply. " A friend of1 mine called Herbert Spenoe would sleep iu that room. He saw the ghost und wus, touched. He showed me the marks next morning — tkreo rod finger marks." " Did tho omen hold good ? " "Yes. Spence died three months after wards. Ho was thrown from-hia horso." I was ubout to put further questions iu a sceptical vein, when we heard shouts outside, and we ull sprang to nrir feot us tho door was thrown opon to admit Miss Laura in u stato of oxbitemont. " Fire 1 fire 1 " aho oried, almost distracted. "Oh ! Mr. Ringan," addressing herself to Peroy, " your room is on fire 1 I " We waited to hear rio more, bnt in a body rushed up to Peroy'e room. Volumos of smoke woro rolling out of tha door, hnd flames were flushing within. Frank Fingan, how ever, was prompt andoool- headed. Ho had tho alarm bell rung, summoned Bervunts, grooms, and stable hands, and in twenty minutes tho fire was extinguished. . On asking how the fire hnd started, Miss Luriru, with much hyslerionl sobbing, stated that ahe had gone into Percy's room to see that all was ready and comfortable for the night. Unfortuuatoly the wind wafted ouo of tho bed-curtains towards the candle sho was carrying, und in u moment the room was in a blaze. After piioifyiug Miss Laura, who oould not help tho acoldent, Frauk turned to his oousin. By this time Wo were baok again in the library. " My dear fellow," he said, "your room is swimming in water, and is ohurred with fire. I'm- ufratd you oan't stay there - to-night ; but I dou't know where to put you unless you take the Blue Room. ; "The Bluo Room I" we all oried. "What! the haunted phambor ?" ' " Yes ; all tbe other rooms aire full. Still, if Peroy is afraid " " Afraid oried Poroy, indignantly. " I'm not afraid ut all. I'll -sleep in the Bluo Room with tho greatest of pleasure." -, " But too ghost " " I don't oarb for tho ghost," interrupted the Australian, with a nervous laugh. " We have uo ghosts in our part of the world, and as I have not aeon ono, I do not believe there is snoh a thing." Wo oil tried to dissuade him from sleoping in the huunted room, und several of us offered to givo up our npurtmerits for - the night, Frank among the numfaor. . But Percy's dignity wus touohed, and he was resolute to keep his word. Ho hod plenty of . pluck, as I said before, and tho fanoy that we might think him a' coward spurred him onto resist our entreaties. ' The end. of it was that shortly bofore mid night he went off to the Bluo' Room, and declared his' intention of sleopiug in it. There was nothing more to be niid in the fece of such obstinaqy, so ono by one we retired quite unaware of tho evonts to happen before the morning So on that ChrietmeB Eve .the Blue Room hod au unexpected tenant. .'On gbirig'to mV bedroom I could riot sleep'.: Tfio talo told by Prank Riugau hauntod.my1 fancy, end tho idea of Percy bleeping in that, ill-otnoned room made mo nervous. I did not believe in ghosts mysolf, uor, so fur its I know, did Poroy, but the littlo- man suffered from hourt disease— he was strung up to a high nervous pitch by our ghost stories— and if anything out of the common, even frbra natural causes, happened iri that roorii,' tho shock might bo fatal to its occupant. I knew well enough that Peroy, out , of fride, would refuse to give up tho room, yet was determined that he should not sleep iri it ; so, failing persuasion, I employed stratagem. _ I hud my medical ohest with mb, and taking it from my portmnnteau I pre pared a powerful narcotic. I loft this on tho table and want along to tho Bluo Room, which as I have said oofore, was not very far from mine. ' A knook brought Poroy to tho door olothed in pyjamas, and at a glanoo I oould' Bee that -the ghostly atmosphere of the place was already telling on his nerves. He looked palo and disturbed, but his mouth was firmly Bet with' an obstinate expression likely to re sist my proposuis. However, , out of diplo macy,- 1 made none, but blandly 'stated my errand, with more roughness, indeed, than wssnocessary. - "Come to my room, Percy," I said, when he appeared, " and lot mb give you- some thing to calm your nerves.!' "I'm not afraid !"- ho said, dofiautly. . " Who said you were ?" Prejoiued, tartly. " You believe in ghosts no more than I do, so why should you be afriiid ? Bnt after tho alarm of .fire your nerves aro upset, and I want to givo you something to put thorn right. Otherwise, you'll got no sleep." "I shouldn't mind a composing draught, cortaittly,"-8aid the.litrle'man. : "Havo you it hero?'? ' " -"No, it's in- my room, a few yards off. Como along.'! " Quito deluded by my speeoh und manner, Peroy -followed 'mo into my bedroom, and obediently enough swallowed tlio medioine.' Then I made him sit down in a comfortable arm ohuir, on tho plea that he must not walk immediately after tho draught. The njsiilt of iny experiment was justified, for in loss than ten muiuteB the poor littlo mau was fast asleep undor tho influouco of tho narcotic. When thus holplbss, I placed him in my bed, quite satisfied that ho would not uwakari until lute tho next day. My task accomplished, I extinguished tho light, and went off myself to tho Blub Boom, intending to remain there for tho night.' - " It muy be asked why I did so; as I oouhl oasily havo taken, my rest, on tho sofa in my own room , but the foot is, I was anxious to sicop in a haunted chamber I did not be lieve iu -ghosts, as I had ncvor seen ono, but as there was a chaneo of moating here with an authontio phantom I did not wish to lose tho opportunity. Therefore when I saw that Poroy was safe for tho night, I took up my quarters ill the ghostly territory with muoh curiosity, but — as I can safely aver— no fenr. All tho same, in tho uaso of prautical jokes on tho part of the. fentlicrheadod young men in the houso, I took my rovolvor with mo. Thus prepared, I locked the door of the 'Blue Room and slipped into bed, leaving tho light burning, The revolver I kept under my pillow ready to my hand in case of necessity. "Now," said I grimly, lis I made myself comfortable, "I'm ready for ghosts, of goblins, or practical jokers." I lay awake for a long time staring at tho queer figures ou tho blue- draperies of the apartment. In the pale flume of the candle thoy looked ghostly enough to disturb tho nerves of.' nnyonc ; and when tlio dranght fluttered the tapestries tho figures seemed to move us though alive. For this sight alono I was glad -that Percy hail not slept iu that room. ' I could fancy tho poor man lying in thut. vast bod with blanched face and beating heart, listening to ovorv creak, and wntchiag the fantastic embroideries waving on tho walls. Bravo as he was, I am sure the sonnds aud sights of that room would have sliukeu his nerves. I did' not foel very comfortablo myself; sceptic as I was. Wh'en the candlo hud burned down pretty low I fell asleep. How long I slumbered I know not ; but I woke up with tho impression thut something or someone was in tho room. Tho candlo had wasted nearly to tho socket and tho flaine was flickering and leaping fit fully, so us to display tho room one moment and louvo it almost in darkness tho next. I heard a soft stop crossing the room, and as it drew near a sudden spurt of flamo from tho candlo showed mo a littlo woman standing by the side of tho bed. She was dressed iu a gown of flowering brocade, und wore tho towering headdress of lira Qucon Anno epoch. - -Her face I could scarcely see, as tho flaslf of flamo was only momentary ; but I felt what the Scotch call a deadly grue as I realised that this was tho veritable phantom of Liidy Joan. For tbo moment the nutural droad of tlio supernatural quite overpowered mo, and with my hands ami arms lying outsida the cnuutcr- pune I rested inert und uhilled with four. This sensation of helplessness iu the presouoo of evil, wus like what one experiences iu a nightmare of tiie worst kind. When again the flame of the expiring oandlo Hhot up, I beheld tho ghost olose at bund, and — as I felt rather than saw— know that it was bending over me.- A faint odour of musk was in the air, uud I heard tho soft rustic of tho hrocadod skirts echo through the semi-durkness. Tho uext moment I felt my right wrist gripped in a burning grasp, and the sudden pain roused my norves from their paralysis... With a yell I rolled over, away from the ghost,- wronohlng my wrist from that horrible alasp, and, almost mad with pain, I gropod with my left hand for the rovolvor. As I seized it the caudle flured up for the last time, aqd I saw tho ghost gliding hack towards tho tapestrios, In a second I raised tho revolver and fifed. Tho next momimt- there wus a wild cry of terror and agony, the fall of a heavy body on the floor, and almost before I knew where I wee, ..I found myself outside the door of the haunted room. To attraot attention I fired another shot- from my revolver, whilo tho' Thiug- on the floor moaned in the darkness most horribly. Iri a few moments guests and servants, all in vhriouB stages of undress, oaine rusbirig Along the passage hearing lights. A babel of voices arose, and I managed - to babble some' .incoherent explanation, and led the way into the room. There on the' floor lay the ghost, and we lowered tho candles to look at its faoo.: I sprang up with a cry on recognising who it' was. " Frank Riugan." It was indeod Frank Ringan, disguised as a wtiman, in ' wig and brocade. He looked, at mo with a ghostly fnoc, bis month work ing nervously. AYith' riri effort '.he raited himself , on his huuds and tried to speak whether in confession or ' exculpation, I know not. But the uttompt was too ninoU fur Jiim, a choking cry escaped his lips, a jet .of blood burst from his mouth, und ho fell back dead. Oyer tho rest of tho events of that terriblo night I draw a veil. There aro some tilings it is un well not to speak of. Only I may . state tlmt all through the horror and oon- frieion Peroy Ringan, thanks to my strong sleeping draught, slumbered iib pcucofully as a ohijd/ thereby Baving his life. With tho morning's light oaine discoveries and explanations. '. AVc -found ono of tho pariols behind the tapesti-y q'f tho Blue Room op«i, and it Jpfve admitfanne.-'into' ii possugo whioh oii' examination proved jta , load into Fraiilr Riugiiu'a bcdroom. ' On tho floor wo discovered -n . dolioato hand formed of steel, and which bore niarks-of-'liavfrig boon in the fire. On my right' wrist woro'-. throo distinct burns, which I- have no hesitation .in doolur- ing were cumied by tho mechanical huiid whioh wo picked np noar the' dead- man. Aud tho explanation of theso things' came from Miss Lurira, who was wild with terror at tho death of - her muster, and said in her first outburst of grief and fear, what I am sure sho regretted in her calmer moments. . " It's all Frank's fault,?' shewopt. "Ha was poor and wished toi.bo rioh. - Ho got Peroy to moke a will ill his favour, aud wanted to kill him by 'a-tihock. Ho knew thut/ Percy had heart disoase and that a shook might provo fatal,;.; so ho ooptrivod that his ; cousin should' sleep' iu1 tlio jBiiife Room on Christmas Evo ; and' ho hiraSelf played tho ghost of Lady Jonn with tho burning hand. It was a stool hand, whioh hb heated in his own room so as to mark with ri scar those it touched/'! " Whoso idea was this?" I asked, hor rified by tho devilish ingenuity of the scheme. "Frank's!" said Miss Laura, candidly. " Ho promised to mariy mo' if I helped liim to get the money by Percy's death. IV o found that thoro was a secret passage leading to tho Bluo Room ; so some years ago wo invented the story that it was haunted." " Why, iu God's immo ? " ' " Bocuaso Frank was always poor. Ho know that his cousin in Australia had heart disease, _ and invited him home to kill him with fright. To mako things safo he was always talking about tho haunted room and tolling tho story so that everything should bo ready for Peroy on . his arrival. Our pluns wore all oarried out. Peroy arrived and Frank got him to nuiko the will in his favour. Then he wus told tho story of Ludy Joan and hor hand, and by setting fire to Percy's room lust night I, got him to sleep in the Blue Chamber without any suspioion being aroused." . " You wiolted womnn 1" I cried. "Did you fire Peruy's room on purpose ?" "Yes. Frank promised to marry mo if I helped him. "We hud to got Perey to deep in the Bluo Chamber, and I managed it by set ting fire to his bedrooin. He would, have died with fright whon Frank, as Lady Joan; touched him witli the steel hand, uud no ono - would liavo boon tho wiser. Your sleeping in tho haunted room saved Peroy'.h life, Dr- Las colles ; yet Frank invited you down as part of his 8uhemo. tlmt you miglit. examine the body and declare the death to be u natural one.'? - "Was it Frank who burnt tho wrist of Horbort Sneiicc some years ago ?" 1 asked. "Yes! replied Miss Luuiii, wiping her red oyes. " Wo thought, if the ghost ap. poured to a few other people that Peroy's death might seem iiioro'nulurull It . wiis a more coincidence that Mr. Sponuo died three months after tho ghost touohed h'un." "Do you know you are a- very wioked woman, Miss Laura ?" "Iumn very unhappy one," she rotortod. ' " I havo lost the only man I over loved, und his miserable cousin survives to step into his shoes as the master of Ringshaw Grange." That was the sole conversation I had with th(f wretched woman, for shortly- afterwards she disappeared, und l fanoy must have gone abroad, us' aho was never more hoard of-- At the iuquest hold on tlio' body of Frank the whole atrange ' story came "out, and was reported at full loiigth by the' Loudon Press to the dismay of ghostsoers, for the furouof Riiigehaw Grange us a haunted munsion had boon great in the land. I was afraid lest tho jury should bring in a vordiot of manslaughter against mo, ' hut tho peouliar features of tho caso boing tokon into consideration I was acquitted of hiume, and shortly afterwards I returned to India with au - unblemished character. Peray . Riugan wus terribly distressed on hearing of his cousin's - : doutb, and shocked by tho discovery of his ' trenehory. However, fin' wiih consoled by be coming the head of tho family, and as ho lives a quiet life ut-Ringshaw Grange thoro is not niueh ohanon of his early' death from heart disease — at all events from ri ghostly point 'of ' view. - " : . . v ... Tho Blue Ohamber is shut up, for it fs - haunted now by a worse spectre than thnt of Lady Joun, whose legend (purely fictitious) ' was so ingeniously sotforth by Frank. It is '' haunted by tlio ghost 'of the cold-blooded scoundrel who fell into his own' trap: arid' ' who met with his own death at the very - moment ho was contriving that of another ' man. As to myself, I have given up ghost-' '" hunting - and sleeping in haunted rooms. - - Nothing will ever tempt me to exponment: in that way again. One adventure of that aort is onough to last mb a lifetime. . mi: knd.j ' I sprang up with a cry on recognising who it was :> " 'Frank Mingan," " Oh, Mr. liingan," she cried, almost distracted, " goiir room is on fire 