OUR ST. PETERSBURG LETTER. January 24. The new year, which is always met here in Sibonnn guiBO, with warm furs and gay sleighing bells, in a temperature from 10 to let Reaumur below zero, was welcomed this time as if winter had v wished to give place to spring three months too soon The bewildered Potcrsburgiana had the rare occasion of paying their Christmas and New Year visits under a pelting rain, every vestige of snow having disappeared w ooka ago The swift sledges, gliding silently over the frozen ice were replaced by prosaic wheeled conveyances, making the most unseasonable clatter over the uneven pavement, a noise quite out of keeping with the spirit of those feasts, which the absence of King Frost has quite deprived of their usual character Even the skating had to be given up, for the canals were filled with water over the loo To crown this extraordinary debut of the young year, St Petersburgh was inundated again on the 9th instant, a strong wind having caused the Nova to repeat its freaks of November 22 The ice was not solid enough to re rust the way is from the sea, and was broken up All the lower part of the city was again under water for several hours An foundations of so serious a nature in January is a fact had to be unprecedented This curious behaviour of the elements, however, did not prevent the usual cor feel welcome given to ISIS, the Northern Venice s } ing with her older sister in music-making, dancing, and masquerading at this time of goodwill towards airman But the feasts are ended, the people have begun to sober down, the long Christmas vacations are over, and everything has resumed its usual aspect, except the streets and the weather. The new year finds Russia much in the state of a building that is undergoing, if not thorough, at least partial repair, and is therefore one chaos of heterogeneous materials and busy workmen 1897 has been so rich in projects which have risen no suddenly and press so rapidly on each other's heels that it is no wonder if a good time elapses before anything like order will begin to reign Reforms in the code, reforms in the unuy,%-oforms in the navy, great projects for the increasing and multiply mg of engineering schools, technological institutes, projects for rendering primary instruc- tion obligatory amongst the rural population (that will be a hard nut to crack) The Crown monopoly of the sale of alcohol and alcoholic drinks has caused more than half of the low taverns and drinking-booths to be closed, by which measure it is hoped drunkenness will be diminished On Sundays and feast days the merchants are compelled to shut their shops from 10 to 12 a in and at 5 p.m., to open them no more that day, he that the clerks and servants should be able to go to church in the morning and have a little relaxation on Sabbath evenings Of course, most of these now customs LjO against the gran of the rude problem population, and are highly unpopular Russia is making great efforts to raise herself to the level of other European nations, and, not with ?>.njn.l.."l, "In a fortune In BWlUUlUiJ FIRE.) AT-', nue. ." owb.......j. ." succeed. Her political and diplomatic triumphs, undeniable during the last two years, and re- luctantly admitted by all the Powers to be serious and solid, have wonderfully encouraged and related her, and she perseveringly fixes her eyes on the bright side of things ; but there are very dark sides to the picture offered by Russia at the present moment. The official annual account of the state of the finances must not be regarded as an absolutely adequate exposition of things as they are, although there is no doubt that a great deal of time and skill have been spent by the Minister of Finance to establish some order in the chaos that reigned before. But it must not be forgotten that since 1892 the peasantry have not recovered from the effects of that year, and the capacity for paying the Crown taxes diminishes more and more, such is the misery that reigns in the rural population, among which drunkenness and crime made fearful havoc. The revenues of the State suffering severely from this source being so considerably lessened, the Crown. which has now placed itself at the head of the most various enterprises, has begun to exploit the railroads, the mines to place funds in all kinds of useful undertakings, which it would be too long to enumerate. This encouragement to enterprise and industry is more likely to raise the financial prosperity of Russia than anything else. But 1897 has been a bad your for the interior economy of the country. Nature was not willing to compensate by her generosity the primitive agriculture of the moujik, as she often does. Besides the bad state of the crops and grasses in 123 governments, there has been immense destruction by fire of property, owing to the really phenomenal summer, three months of sultry weather without rain, so that the parched and cracked ground could produce but ghosts of harvests, and the rich grasses of the Central regions (called the Steppe governments) were dried up and withered to naught before the end of July. Even the leaves of trees were scorched. The want of grass Ima, of course, been the ruin of all the districts which counted on the rich natural pasturage for the flocks. The peasants had to sell their cows for the merest trifle, not to see them perish from want, and so the children were deprived of milk-food. The Crown is now already distributing great sums, as in 1891, but much more will be required. The nobility have become so poor that the landed proprietors can do little for the peasants, though they do all in their power to alleviate the misery around them. Some time ago the question how to aid the nobility occupied all minds, but nothing has yet been resolved upon. And nothing can be done unless the nobles will reside upon their estates and help in the great work of culture around them, as does Count Leo Tolstoi, who adopt the deed to the word, and preaches by example. The last days of the old year were saddened by the illness and death of Dr. Sah urine, the most famous Russian physician of the time, who was well known abroad by his works, and who enjoyed in his country a reputation never before attained by any doctor, even by Botkino. Dr. Saharino resided at Moscow, where he was professor at the University during 40 years, and where he had an enormous practice, only coming to Petersburg when summoned by the Imperial family. In diagnosis ho Was considered in- fallible, and was hardly ever known to have made a serious mistake. The Moscow merchants regarded Saharino as a magician, paid him in credible sums, and were ready to kiss the time of his steps, although the celebrated physician's deportment was most unamiable, not to say bearish. He spoke in curt dry phraBcs, and seemed to take no interest whatever in his patients, but what he said was to the point, and his rudeness made him respected. He was especially made angry when called too late to a patient, which occurred very often, for the Moscow mor chants, who throw thousands away upon their pleasures, send for a doctor only when all the superstitious rites of their class have been exhausted. Dr. Sohariuo took fabulous sums from those who could pay, which has given him the reputation of being fond of money and grasping ; but he treated poor patients for nothing, gave them medicine and wine, and spared neither time nor pains over them. His greatest title to the gratitude of his country is to have formed hundreds of talented disciples. Saharino died at the age of 70 of a stroke of paralysis, and was never ill in his life. He never ate but once a day, and always done. He left a fortune of three millions of roubles, the third port of which he gave for the establishment of primary schools in the government of Saratoff, where he was born. The Minister of Public Education, General Dolianoff, ohio expired with the old year. Who will succeed him is not yet known. The Minister of War, General Vannovsky, has resigned on account of ill-health, and Mb place has been taken by General Kouropatkin, who is still young, and a man of remarkable energy. The appointment of General lîourapoïkùi has met with universal sympathy. He is regarded now as the most talented military star in Russia, a second Skobo less, though he is far from having the popularity of the White General. Though nothing is positively known here, a persistent rumour has spread that M. Zinovieff, the V russian Ambassador in Constantinople, has presen i ed a sort of ultimatum to the Sultan concerning the choice of the Greek heir as General Governor for Crete. The urgency for a speedy settling of this long debated question is so press- ing that no wonder Russia insists on something being done, but it does not seem that either Ger- many or England desires that Prince George should be planted, although Germany once declared she was ready to go hand in hand with Russia in this question. The Cretans being of the Orthodox accord religion, is warn Burnage on five mum it ruler of another faith, especially a Mohammedan The candidature of Bojo Potrowitoh was strongly supported by Russia, but this near relation of the Prince of Montenegro did not find grace in the eyes of Europe, for the same reason as Prince George The Sultan appears to be much per ployed by the assistance of M. Zinovieff, and the affair has come to an awkward turning Many foreign newspapers are now much concerned with the politics of Russia in Asia, and many of them consecrate [long paragraphs to this absorbing topic Of course, Russia cannot be expected to sympathise with those who wish to make Tahonwan n Porto France, which would be tantamount to taking from Russia greater part of the body outrages gained by the acquisition of Port Arthur, " as she would be subjected to the menacing and intolerable watching of the British Argus " This now European concert, transferred to the Celestial Empire, bids fair to be more discordant than the first, the finale of which still remains to be executed The commercial interests of four great nations are at stake, and the purpose of all this disputing being to have markets in China, and not to make territorial annexations (?) it would seem that China is large enough, and that there is room there, as in Africa, for every body The attitude of England, however, is so univ orwell) considered as aggressive, she so bitterly resents every step made by the other nations, looks so suspiciously and angrily at every measure taken by France, Germany, or Russia in the dc fear of their commercial interests, that China is placed in a most critical position, and can grant no favour without offending the proud Queen of the Ocean " The debates concerning the Chinese loan are followed w but feverish interest. It is considered that by contracting it China will be placed entirely at the more of England. The Russian Ambassador at Pekin has decidedly rejected the plan of making Port Arthur a Porte France, as it is observed there are plenty other parts convenient for that purpose The Dreyfus affair, showing how right Mr Drummond was when he attributed such Unlimited power to the Israelites in France, has awakened great interest in Russia, which is the country next to France where the Jews have established the strongest foothold, and where they have succeeded in winning for themselves the best of everything, lucrative posts, influence, money, power, greatly to the detriment of the late of orthodox Christian element Zola, who is an immense favourite here, and whose realistic novels are household words, and more appreciated than anywhere else out of France, has caused his admirers great pain and disappointment by his behaviour in the Dreyfus scandal The letter he addressed to that other immense favourite, President Faure, is regarded as below all criticism, and entirely beneath the dignity of such a genial writer and distinguished man No one believes Dreyfus to be any better than his reputation, for everybody remembers the hated name as connected with a firm that sold abominable flour to the Government during the famine of 1891-1802 Zola, in taking the part of those Jews hated by all France, has caused much surprise, though he is thought to be honestly convinced. But that letter hurled at the President of the Republic, and the insolent language in which it is couched, cause great indignation There is no doubt that this affair is but the prelude of serious disorders in France Things are looking very bad indeed, and party passion is boiling over Correspondents from Vladivostock lament the incapacity of the Russians as colonisers, an old song, and an old truth In that Russian town, now grown to such tinpot once, the Chinese clo must predominates, so that most of the Russians in that port and its environs ore out of a work, whereas provisions of all kinds are sold by Cinnamon , Chinamen are tailors, bakers, cooks, servants of all work, nay, even nurses for young children Except one Russian company, all the steamers, sabotage boats, ela , are in the hands of the Chinese They build the houses, v, ork in the port, on the railways in short, one ploying the part they once began to play in America, before energetic measures ousted then it is all the more blamable on the part of the Russian authorities to permit this that thousands of poor Russian emigrants know not where to get employment, and would be content with ever so little The reason of this strange fact is that the China- mo u are better workmen and more sober than the Russians , they submit cheerfully to any conditions , but this is a sorry way to go about the work of colonising In Siberia, all along the line of the new railway, the same thing can be ob Gcrv of , little by little the Chinese are making their way and their proud But those visitors will be found very difficult to get rid of when desirable Mr Long off is now in Paris, whence he will depart in a few days for the Equatorial Provinces he is to govern Some active measures are being taken to establish commercial intercourse between Russia and Abyssinia, according to the desire of King Menelik Samples of all kinds of Russian produce, both raw material and manufactured articles, have been shipped to Abyssinia on board the Tsantsa, and agencies for facilitating ex changed between Russia and this African ally are being established in Odessa, Petersburg, MosT Kieff, and Warsaw It is hoped to do good w" ness on the Russian markets with Abyssinian coffee, ivory, skins, and musk A steamer to make regular service for passenger and made once a month from Odessa to Djibouti Lieutenant Babiahoff, of the Kazan Regiment, has turned out to be an invaluable adjunct to Mr Lontieff an besides possessing great practical abilities, he takes the interest of a man of science in what ci neena Abyssinia, " this new sphere of Russian and finance " Yesterday took place the visit of the Emperor and Empress to the exhibition of the pictures of English painters, which is said to be very interesting, and which opened for the public to-day. Their? Majesties were accompanied by many more. hours of the Imperial family The Emperor bought a picture of Alma Tadema, and one of Andrew Howe The Empress also purchased several pictures I will give some account of this exhibition in my next number It is sure to have a great success, so many distinguished artists having ex posed their works 