alonfi tthe track. Tito London uyndicate that buys Australian fnrcn mutton at lb. and noils it from 6d. to 8d as bc3t homo raised, is said to have a „ow riding of an old uuraery rhymo : Mary bad a little Lamb, Served up with mint and peas ; Via mart it " English," but it camo from tho Autipodcs I She wm a brute of a cow and it was deter mined to get rid of her, Pat being entrusted With tho selling. Put camo back ;with about double tho money expected, and tho master said " Pat, my boy, I'm afraid you haven't been .ticking quit0 close to tho trutl1 ttbout ber." "Oh, sorrow a lie did I tell, Borr." "Well, what did.you say?" Well, I gave a straight- for'd answer to a straightfor'd question." "IVhat was that?" "They axed was Bbo a good milker ; a good milker, eayB oi ; begorra an' it's true oim tellin' ye, its dog tired ye'll bo before ye git through milkin' her ; thin they tuk her away at tin shillins widden my own price." An interesting in9fcin.ee of tho efficacy of the Babcock testing apparatus in detecting and preventing fraud, ia related by Mr. Potta in connection with the experienco of a milk supplier that camo under ilia own observation. The farmer in question was in the habit of carrring a widow's cans to tho factory at the same time as liia own. Tlio widow complained to the directors of tho abnormally low tests returned, and the discrepancy was bo great that at last the directors undertook to probe the matter, especially as an analytical teat proved the milk to have been skimmed. It was a peculiar coincidence that tho man who delivered the milk ut the factory always had a very high tc3t, and obtained top priccB. Starting from this possible clue, one of tho directors visited the widow's farm, bow tho cows milked, and then placed small slips of whito paper with his initials in oach can. In due time the cans were called for by the obliging neighbor, and de- livered at the factory. Here tho director waB waiting, and instructed him to put his own supply through first. When this was done an lamination of the strainer showed one of the initialed papers. At a subsequent meeting of the factory directors, it was decided to dis qualify the supplier for life, and to receive no milk produced from the land of which he is the owner. One of tho Track rhyming exhibitors has been taking special interest in tho progress of tho proposed Viticultural College at Ruthcr- glen, and he says ho has boon greatly amused at what ho calls the 1 'departmental trumpet- tings " which accompany each of the separate annual steps in the working out of the scheme. Commenting on the demonstrations at the laving of the foundation and tho opening of the building, he says that he wondered how the department would be able to justify the keeping of the institution empty for a wholo year and allowing another vintage to arrive without pro viding teachers and appliances, but the Agri cultural department is equal to the occasion. 11 The paragraphs," he continues, ' announcing that an expert has been selected in France who is to be sent out without delay, show that tho department is rather proudjof its performance." Then ho breaks out iu this stylo Nor.' a school with design to instruct tho young men In thu making of wine at far famed Rutherglon, Has already Intd three special triumphs, And may frequently have thomftgain. F«- tho " Foundation " show sent a thrill through the land ; A year later, and Io ! by the Governor's hand, The four walls, bare and empty, are " Opened" 'Mid tho blaro of the speeches and band. One more vintage goes by, tho next follows, .with dread, Through the ompty bails cry ghosts of promises # dead ; When triumphant tho expert's discovered — Not out hero, but in Europo instead. Ho will got hero, no doubt, by next vintage, though lato. But ho'Jl still be without oil those things , up to data That are needed in teaching the students, Who are " waiting,"— as all things must wait; Mhilo tho Dairying School, tho big Cellars for Wine, And tho College Board's Rule, with the Pest Act combine To make up a long list of such matters, As for settlement hopelessly pine. So we'ro cruolly mocked, in a way that I grieve, And my feelings are shocked at tho Minister's sleeve, hichho laughs in, while keeping things up it, Atul tho samo with intent to deceive. 