HITS AND BITS. Hard to beak— A wet carpot, ? ? Wife: What do you think of Bridget's cook* ing. Husband : I think if sho tried to boil water she'd burn it. ? * She (sentimentally) ? What poetry tb« fo is in a flro. Ho (ladlv) : Yes, a great deal of my poetry has goue there. *** The worst cases of incompatibility of temper occur when both parties have tbe same kind of temper and plonty of ib. ? ? Ho : I wouder why it's said to b& a man, and not a woman, we see in the moon P Sho (with emphasis) : because he stays out all night. 44 Mamma, what is classical music P' 14 Oh, don't you know P It's the kind that you have to like whether you liko it or not.' # * First Doctor (in the near future): Good pbo togroph, isn't it P Second Doctor : Fairly good. Flatters tbe left lung a little, [ think. *#* A much-worried parent with nine grand daughters depicts love as : 44 Two beads with but a single thought, two fools that act liko ono.' * ? She : That is Mr. Gamboge, tbe artist. He is wedded to bis art. He : Judging from bis appearance, I should say (hat he didn't marry (or money. Ho : Don't you think, denrest, that tho Rev. Dr. Uober is tho best man to marry us P She (three times a widow) : I think so, dear. I've ulwaya had him. ? * 44 You.want to keep jour eye on the woman's bonnets,'* says an item in a fashion paper. No, we dt n't waut to, but under certain conditions, dear editor, wo have to. ? ? Guest (to whom the waiter has brought an . extremely dirty bill of fare) : By Jove, that's au cxcelhnt idea — samples of the different dishes showu on tbe menu. When a camel is kept for a long time without food, its hump disappears. This is where a camel differs from a man, who under similar circumstances gets the hump. . Proud Father : That is a sunset my daughter painted. She studied painting abroad, you kuow. Friend : Ah, that explains it. I never Haw a sunset like tbat in this country. Mother : How is it tbat you get so many bad marks at school P Little Boy : Well, the teacher has got lo mark foinebody, or.else people will think she ain't atteuding to her business, V 44 Are you roarrit d ?'' said tbe manager to a man who was looking for a situation. 44 No, sir,' 44 Then I can't employ you. We find that married men know bt tter how to obey than bacht lors.' V 44 You musn'b bo saucy, Fanny/' said the maiden aunt to the little girl, 44 No one will love you if you are.' 44 Were you saucy when you were a little girl, aunty ?' aoked the guile* less child. V 44 Here's a letter from Isahelle. She says she's going to be married,' 44 Well, it's abouC timo. If she did not cbango her last name, it would be necessary to change Ihe first to Wasabelle.' Old Drywater : My boy, in all creation you »on't find any auimal except man who makes a. habit of smoking. Young Puffs : Yes, sir, but neither do 1 kuow any other auimal that cooks * his meals 1 \y Daughter : This piano is really my very own, isn't it, pa P Pa : Yes, ray dear. 44 And when I marry I oan take it with me, cau I ?' 44 Certainly, my child ; but don't tell auy one. 1 1 might spoil your chances.' Success Ensured.— She : I am surprised tbat her father consented. He: 1 bad two sets of references, you see. Oue for the old man tbat I was a paragon of virtue and industry, and another for the girl that I was an awful scamp. At the Masquerade.— Lottie : From this time I shall believe in ghosts. Tottie : Why so P Lottie: You kuow that 44 widower' who has been devotiug himself to me all the ovening P Well, bis dead wife appeared just now aud took him home. Friend (to middle-aged golf-player) : Hallo, old chap ! So you are going to get married ? Congratulations, I'm sure !— Middle- aged Golf Player : Congratulations I Ob, it isn't like that at all. Taylor, the champion, took a wife some time ago, and it seems to have improved his game, so I'm going to try it. 