CHAITIÍK VI.-A CONVICT'S SON. Mervyn KhoJcs's face was very pale, ac will) bro kV s iii awn together he eui iu an atti- tude of acute attention waiting for Colonel Roca to speak. "I respect you for thc decision y°u have taken, but I am afraid it is not one that I should have made. Moreover, it puts a very unpleasant task upon me." " Von c;imu here for the purpose, sir," «.lid Mervyn, somewhat curtly, "and I beg you to make no further preface." ?"Von say you uever knew your parent«, and that you believe both of them to bc dead !" "Yes. What then?" "iiud that you have no knowledge where your fortune came from ?" " No knowledge whatever. It has uever occurred to me to ask." "Well, the truth is that your father is living, and that your money has come from him." " My father alive, and I not know it î You must be mad," cried Alcrvyn, excitedly. "Where is he? Who is he? What bas he been doing all these years not to come near me ?" "That is thc very question that covers the mystery. You must prepare yourself for a heavy blow." "Have I not been preparing myself all through thc interview ?" was the impetuous reply. " .Say what you have to say quickly, for (iod's sake. Can't you sec that I huve uerved myself to hear anything?" " Your father is a convict. Twenty years ago he was sentenced to penal servitude for life." Mervyn gripped the arms of Iiis chair and sat forward, his face gray and his lips livid with the intensity of his emotion as he stared «I the Colonel and seemed to watch the very words as they fell from thc latter's mouth. Thc blow struck him momentarily dumb. " 16 this the truth ?" he asked at length, in a voice that was no more than a hoarse, harsh whisper. " My dear follow, I wish you had spared mc this scene. I am sorry to say it is nothing but the truth. Rut no one knows ilcKcept myself." " l'eace, man, peace," cried Mervyn, im- patiently. " It is thc fact that wounds me. I care nothing who knows thc truth. Is it thc truth, I say ?" "It is unquestionably true." Mervyn threw himself hack in his chair and covered his eyes with one hand in un agony of dumb misery, while thc Colonel watched him with a mingled feeling of grim triumph aud pity-triumph because he saw from bow the news was received that he should have no more trouble, and pity at the sight of thc tiuly disparate Bullering his victim was enduring. Il was many minutes before Mervyn recovered himself sufficiently to get up from his chair, lo pour himself out a glass of waler from a bottle that stood on a sideboard, and lo drain it like a mau consumed with a feverish thirst. Then ho turned to thc Colonel, and the latter saw that his eyes were blood- shot, his features drawn, and his face haggard looking as though be had suddenly grown ten yeats older. "Thia has hit me very hard," he said in a voice he could not control ; it WSB low and hoarse in tone and quite unsteady. " Is thcio anything else to hear? I presume so, or you would not have stayed." " You have heard thc worst, but if you wish to know all that I know, I am willing to tell you. " " How did you hear it?" "From a disreputable lawyer, named Gaston, whom I knew in the oity. Ho had been associated with your father, and himself mude thc arrangements. He is dead-of drink." " Do you know how tho money was got together? Was it the-the proceeds of How was it got Î" " Your father probably made it by the means for which ho wai eventually arrested and convicted." " And Uiut wa«?" asked Mervyn, shuddcrln and turning away to look out of tho wiodov " Hs waa the most notorious receiver < stolen goods that tho London polieo ev« caught. You can judge thc extraordinär extent of his transactions by his life sentence. " What was his name ?" "Ho was commit lcd as Richard Daweoi Rut I believe his real namo was that wilie you bear. " "Do you know any moro?" was the ucl question, asked after a long pause. " There is only one point I need menlior Thc uews of your father's conviction kille your mother, und the reason given by you father for making this arrangement of hi property WKS first safety for it, secondl consideration for you and your mother, an thirdly a provision for himself in case ho Iel prison alive." " Loft prison !" tho words were echoed as i they had started » new train of painfi thought. " When will he leave prison Î" " Under ordinary circumstances ho shoul do so very soon. Tho ticket-of-leavo is give after about twcitty years." " A lust question. How um I to verify th ctateiucut you have made?" " lu several ways. You can ask Mt Walter Musgrave, who is your solicitor, t tell you exactly how ard wheu the matter am money cam« into his liandB. Most direct c all, though probably thc most painful, wuuh be lo see Richard Dawson himself." He rosi as he said this, und took his hat. "On thing more I should udd. Should you con le ni piule making any attempt to restore th money, it would bo simply impossible. Ni one eau possibly know-" " Thank you, 1 shall rely upon my owl judgment," interrupted Mervyu, shortly am sternly. "Quite so," assented thc Colonel. "Am as lo Wy vern Gardens, I am very sorry fo: you, und if you like you eau have my plcdgi never to breathe a word about this, lint o COB rsc-?-" " 1 shall take steps to verify « hat youhavi said, and should it prove correct, of coursi there will be un cud to my wishes. Until '. know, I shall not cull at thc house." "Well, then, good morning," said tin Colonel, leaving his place by tho door, ant going back with outstretched hand. Rut Mervyu pul LIB hands behind him am looked him steadily in thc face as he said : " No, thank you, Colonel Roca. If thii news is false you ure not (il for mc to take youl baud ; if true, I um not fit to give you minc. Bul true or false, I know sufficient of you t< be able to read your motive through it all Good morning." The Colonel returned his look, and the: with it gesture of assumed astonishment lei ibo room. Mervyn watched him out, ant when thc door closed he locked it, and goinf back to bis chair threw himself into it il despair at the awful change which the newi had made in his life, A convict's son ! Living on money scoopei together by the most cowardly of all crimical -a receiver of stolen goods-a mau win prompted and planned the «rimes w hich hi had not the pluck to commit himself, and tbet cheated thc better men out of the proceeds o; thc thefts-thc most despicable of ul despicable seouuircls. He could rosall aa he Bat there how he ha< lashed such rascals in the articles which hi had written for papers to which he was ai occasional aoutributor. A freak of mellion brought to his thoughts the details of such > case which had happened a few months back in which a scoundrel of thc type had bled hil victims and hoarded up a few hundred pouudi by cheating them. Melvyn's honour une chivalry hud been touched to thc core by thi case, and he had written a bitter alu indignant diatribe against thc man. A few hundred pounds only ; and yet lu himself hud been living on thc pfocccds o fifty thousand pounds, all ill-gotten with tin same kind of muck-rake. And the thought ol its bitter irony as lie turned his o nu stinging epigrams against himself mude him hot am cold, Hushed and palo by turns, as he lioverec between tho extremes of shame und rage And Mercy ? The thought of her wai maddening. She had set him so high on tin pedestal of honour, had held him, he knew, ti bc as sterling and true as herself ; and sbi loved bim. Yet this was a bar-ai insuperable bar-between them. He could not drug her down to thc level of a couvicl'i son-und such a convict. He could not lowe; ber to eat the bread that was bought b^ money that came from so foul a source And without it he was a pauper-or all bu one. Without a thought that (hero was thc leas reason to question thc source of his money, lu lind spent it freely, as one without need ti cure for to-morrow or to trouble to work witl thc thought that to-morrow's bread must bi earned before it was eaten. He had workci for pleasure. He had been called to thc bar but had never thought of practice. He ha< written far papers and magazines, because hi liked something to do. But it was the worl of au idler who writes rather than loaf. No for nioucy, but for love of thc thing itself. This set him thinking and gave hin occupation. Ho took out hie account book and cet to work to ascertain exactly how In stood in money nutters. He made < calculation us near as ho could get it to sci how much of this hateful money he had taken and he resolved that every penny of it shouli bc repaid. Not a shilliug more would hi touch of il unless it were absolutely necessary to enable him to live. Thc miserable accoun wuB closed BO far as bc was concerned. Hi ruada thc same resolve about hisfurniturc anc books, livery item thal he could dispenst with, without actually clogging him in tin struggle of life, ho would sell, und add tin money to the sum to bc refunded or renounced, He would have none of it. The forming of this resolve ' and the actual task of working out the figures did min good and helped him lo think. The first thing to dc clearly was to sec hie lawyer, Musgrave, He left his rooms, and was about to call a hansom, »'hen he remembered that he had ne right now to incur avoidable expense, BO bc walked through to Bedford Row. " I've cöme to ask you a few questions, Mr. Musgrave, that I want you to answer as fully as you can." " You look very grave, and anything but well. What have you boen doing ?" was the reply. " Don't heed my lookB ; you'll understand directly. Tell me exactly under what I circumstances you came to handle this business of mine and became trustee. " " What do you want to know that for? It's an old story ; quite twenty years old, if not more." "Never mind the age. How was it? From whom do I inherit the monoy?" " Now you ask me a quostion I can't answer, my dear boy ¡ and to tell yon the truth 1 used to puzzle a good deal over it al first." M er vy n's heart sank at hearing this, and his face fell BO that tho lawyer said, "Why, what's the matter? You've got it. You, or we, have had undisputed possession for twenty years. That's good enough for a title, I should think. Why, is anyone cluim ing it, then ?" " Toll mo how you got it," repeated Mervyn. " Well, a somewhat shady lawyer, named Gaston, 1 think it was, Henry Gaston- ho's dead now, poor follow, through drink. I'd known him some time before, when ho were serving our articles together, and he used to drink a good deal then. I often wanfied him-" Mervyn made a gesture of impatience. "All right. Well, I hadn't long started for uiyeolf when he came aud offered me this business. It was not to be talked about, but there was a sum of £60,000 to be handled in favour of a child-you were the child, about four then. The money was to be invested in tho child's name in consols willi me os trastee, and I was to look after its eduoalion and spend what I pleased on it and pay myself reasonable fees for my trouble. Of course I jumped at it ; business wasn't very plentiful io those days-I should oak more questions «ow. But there lt was, and es I HW £200 or £300 a year io it, I oouldn't afford to let it slip. But Fvo done my duty by you, boy, I think you'll own that But now tell me what's the trouble. No one can put In a claim now. Wouldn't have a leg to stand on-not a ghost of a chance. After twenty years. Pshaw I" I " And you never heard a word more as to where it came from ?" j " Ko ; the money was paid into a bank. I think later on Gaston would have told mo if I'd pressed him ; ho got very talky-talky in his oups-but I didn't want to know. In fact, I thought il better not to know." " You never hear thc name of Dawson iii connection with thc matter-Richard Dawson ?" " Dawson ? No. Dawson ? No, certainly not in this connection. Gaston's name was give when thc inouey was paid into tile bank for you to my order." " Dieu the connection was cut purposely, I suppose You'vo been very much like a father to me. Mr. Musgrave ; I'll tell you what the trouble IB ; " and he told him. The lawyer listened shrewdly, putting a question herc and there, and when he had heard all he sat a couple of minutes-think- ing. "And what do you want mc todo?" he asked. " What is the best way to test thc story ?" " I had better sec-Richard Dawson, he answered, hesitating a little how to call him." " I can do this better than you. And if it should turn out to be true, what then ; He cau't claim tho money." " I shall not wait for any claim. I would not keep it an hour. I won't touch a shilling of it except to keep me from bare starvation, and then I believe the food it bought would choke me." " Don't talk of starvation, boy. Ybn've got brains, strength, power-you're a man to make a career anywhere. And as for money, well, if you don't let mc bc banker, you and I will have uboutour only quarrel since I spanked you years ago for taking somo of my grapes when you were borne for the holidays. Do you rcr.tcmber. And now, don't do anything rash. J usl go nu as if nothing had happened until I've tested the thing, aud then if it's true we'll see what's to be doue." " How long will it take to test it ?" asked Mervyn, eagerly. " 1 can understand your auxicty. Two or three days-a week at most. There are ?certain formalities, you know. \rou might Go out of town. Run over to Paris. Go somewhere and do something to keep your- self occupied-but let me know where a telegram will find you at any moment." " A week af suspense," was Mervyn's cliiVf thought as he walked back to his rooms. A week before he dare go near Mercy again. A week before he would know for certain whether he was rich or a beggar-a man who might hold his head erect among hie fellows or move among them, the sou of a convict felon, who bad been educated and lived on money that had twice been stolen. As soon as he reached his chambers he sat down to write to Mercy, but then remembered he had better send a telegram to Mrs. Haw- thorne, explaining thal he could not call that day. He went out aud sent this, and returned to write the letter. " My dear Miss Hawthorne,-I have had news to-day which bas greatly disturbed mc, and may affect thc whole of my present position and future life. Confirmation or the roverso will not be in my possession for two ur three days, perhaps a week. That is thc time my solicitor fixes. Till then I must, not see you. Do not misjudge me. It is because of this I wired to Mrs. Hawthorne that I could not call to-diy. It is thc crisie of my life-Sincerely yours, " Mervyn RhodeB. " He read it over several times before putting it i ny lie envelope ; and going out again posted it with his own hands, heaving a deep sigh as he dropped it into thc box. He was thoroughly miserable. ( To lc continued. ) 