HARTZ MOUNTAINS PHENO MENON. (To the Editor.) Sir,-Referring to the correspondence in your columns on strange pheno mona, and the appearance of smoke on mountains tops, I think it is only vapour, which always draws towards the highest peaks from all parts of the mountain. But in addition to this, we must remember that mountains have many fissures in their rocks which fill with water to the smallest crevice, and in hot weather the moun tains send up steam from themselves more or less rarefied. The percolated water in the crevices of rocks also gets frozen; this slightly expands (as ice swims), and the effect is that on one Dart of the Hartz Mountains it has split the rocks into long, narrow or thin strips, called by us the ruined castle. Many years ago I passed through the Marlborough district, and saw the bleached trees alluded to by Dr. L. G. Thompson; and away miles beyond the Picton Valley, at the south end of the Arthur Ranges, thou sands of King William pines, with their branches off, stand bleached and weird in a moonlight night like ghosts on sentry without heads, caused by extreme cold, as there is no appearance of fire about them-at least this is my opinion. Currents of air in changes of wind are, I believe, at times dangerous to health.. When heated atmosphere is met by a cold current each will drive before it any deleterious gases that may be in the air, and the time of danger is to the persons who are on the exact spot were they meet. This may be reduced to a very narrow space, and if deep inspiration is taken on the line serious consequences may follow from inhaling poisonous matter. -With reference to my own sad ex periences on the Hartz Mountains a year ago, I have no doubt we were all more or less chlorformed; our limbs became helpless, no proper feeling in our hands and feet; our speech was like that of maudlin, drunken men. I was three weeks before I got proper feeling restored to my hands and feet from their numbness, and five weeks after my nervous system collapsed for a time. The three of us who were saved were nearly done. We could have been to the hut an hour or two earlier than we were, only we hoped to save my son and nephew, who were falling down in the snow every few steps, and us with them. Heavily laden with our own and their knap sacks for the last mile and more, staggering as we recovered our feet, made slow, heavy work of it. I would advise anyone in a like position to button up well, and cover the mouth as much as possible.-Yours, etc., O. GEEVES. 