Jim's Latest Experience. (By Ernest Favenc.) \- -j INCE Jim Parks jf ?$J»/ wrote to me about his q^^^v experiences with the ^8^. | spiders, whom he suc '?'?'?s^JteJ ceeded in finally ban *B^M^ ishirig, I had not . heard from him until Bftfe. the other day, when iEsjfe. he wrote and told me |#PSV that he had an en T^\ ^ tirely new experience ^^g^ to relate to me, if I ^gffipmfh could find time to run iMmm up and see him. As ^tf*'''** Jim is always good ^Z company! I gladly ac cepted the invitation, and was cordially wel comed by him and his wife. 'This last experience of mine.' said he, when yarEiDg tune came, 'regularly floored me for a while. I was going to write to you at the time, just to hunt up some more of those old books about witches and such like; but I didn't like to confess myself beat, and went a lone hand, and pulled through. I read all that Mr. Stead had to say on the sub ject in his books about real ghost stories, and the Borderland, and so en, and found not a word there bearing on my troubles. Look here! if Stead had only applied to me, I would have pitched him a far better lot of yarns than he has pub lished, wouldn't I now? 'I'm sure of it, Jim.' I was haunted for a long time before I could exactly locate what was wrong, and then I sud denly found out that there was a conspiracy against me, a conspiracy of ghosts. You see, they'd got narked at my poking fun at them, and telling everybody that the best way to floor a ghost was to make game of it, so they determined to give me a lesson. And they did, too, for a time. I'll say that for them though, that they never troubled the wife. She's not used to the ways of ghosts .like I am. Fortunately, she went away on a visit to her eldest married sister, who had just had twins, so I was able to tackle the ghosts alone. The trouble commenced with a Scotchman, a Highlander, who pretended that he could only talk Gaelic, and consequently could not answer when he was spoken to. I got rid of him quickly by tre&ting; him as though I did not see him — walking through him, and generally ignoring him. He was a foolish sort of ghost to send to frighten me, and I wonder, by what occurred afterwards, that they were so green as to do it. The real trouble commenced the day after the Scotchman disappeared. I had been out at work since daylight, and had come in to breakfast, ?when one of the men who were fencing came run ning in to tell me that Dick Trumbles, my neigh bor, had just cut his throat — would I come over, and do what I could? Dick was a good fellow, but had been rather down-hearted lately on account of a girl having chucked him over. The man said that a messenger had run over to tell him, and hurried back again; so I put on my hat, and went at once. The first man I saw was Trumbles, har nessing one of his horses. Like an idiot I did not drop to the trick at once, and blurted out, 'Why, Dick, they just sent over for me, because you'd cut your throat?' Dick looked at me, and seeing that I was pretty flustered with running, he said, 'Uh! Jim; got 'em again ; bad this time, too.' I got mad, and asked him what he meant by rousing a hungry man from his breakfast with his stale old jokes. So we had some hot words about it, and presently he walked over with me, and interviewed the fencers. They said that cer tainly a man had come running up to them with the message. I guessed the truth at once, and made it right with Dick, and went in to my breakfast again. Ae I sat down I heard a he! he! kind of laugh from somewhere. I confess I didn't like it, for I could see no end of worry sticking -out, and for a while they certainly did give me fits. One time the police and a whole lot of men armed to the teeth came rushing up, and I was nearly shot down like a dingo because a man had come up and reported ? that Jim Parks had gone raving mad, and was murdering all hands on his selection. It undoubtedly was mean, the way they went about it, for they would not appear to me eo that I could get a chance at them, but al ways to somebody else; and they did it so well, too, that nobody would believe it was ghosts do ing it all the while. I 'began to get into bad odor. People said I was a confounded nuisance, and suggested that I should give some other locality a turn. Just then I was thinking of writing to you to send me some more books up, when I hit upon an idea which, made me prefer to tackle it myself. I wrote to the wife and told her not to hurry hack; then I laid myself out to worry the ghosts in return. Of course, it looked a pretty hard contract, for I had to catch, on© first, and while they could always locate me, I could not locate them. However, I waited and watched, and at last succeeded in get ting speech with. one. As ghosts are always fond' of a yarn 'with, human beings, he was ready to talk after a few words. I asked him what they (meant tiy plaguing me, to which he answered that I knew, too much about ghosts, and was bringing them rapidly into contempt. Very soon nobody would care a snap about ghosts, and where would 'their business be then? Was it fair on my part to take, so to speak, the bread out of their ?mouths? ? ? ' ? Having once got him into an argument, I was safe. 'Now look at the matter plainly, from a common-sense point of view,' I said. 'Did a ghost ever do any good to anybody? What's the sense in acting the giddy scarecrow and1 frighten ing women and children. You can't frighten - me, and you know it, and I'll find a man besides that theiwhole boiling of you wouldn't frighten.' The ghost laughed scornfully. 'Why, I could, .and a ghost who can materialise himself into shapes that would make you die screaming with fright.' 'Bring him along,' I said. 'If he frightens me or my friend I'll give in, and have no truck with ghosts any more. If w£'re not scared, you just clear' out, and leave me alone for the fu ture.' j ? 'I can't decide myself,' he f-eplied. 'You see, there's been a committee of ghosts appointed in, this matter. We're going to bust Jim Parks — that's you. It's called the Jim Parks Abolishment So c:ety. It's a strong branch of the Society for the Suppression of Sceptics. I'll lay the matter before the committee, and faring you their report.' The ghost, who was a highly respectable old gentleman to look at, was about disappearing, when I stopped him. 'Can't you fellows materialise yourselves solid,' I asked, 'so that you could catch hold of any thing?' 'Some in the higher planes can. This ghost of whom I am speaking can do so.' 'All right, it's an offer, pay or play.' The ghost departed, and I sent into the town ship for a young fellow I knew well. He was a doctor looking out for a place to start a prac tice ; but just then doing nothing. He was death on ghosts and all that kind of work, understood hypnotism, and had studied the phenomena of spiritual manifestations, as lie called it. He came out at once, and was delighted at the show I promised him. We were sitting at dinner when I heard a voice in the verandah call out, 'Jim Parks!' 'That's the ghost,' I said. Then sung out, 'Come in; there's no one here but my friend.' The ghost stepped inside. Then a strange thing happened. The doctor got up all white and shaky, staring at the figure as though he had turned loony all of a sudden. Here's a break down, I thought. If he's frightened of a quiet, gentlemanly ghost like this, what will happen when he sees the one promised us. But I was wrong; it was not funk, only astonishment. 'Why, dad,' he said, and then I knew that it was the ghost of his father who stood there. 'Well, Robert, my boy,' replied the spectre. 'How are you; and how are you and Lucy getting along?' 'Lucy and I are not married, and I'm looking round to build up- a practice somewhere.' 'Good gracious!' said the ghost. 'Why aren't you married, and why did you not keep my prac tice on?' 'Well,' eaid Robert; 'the practice was sold to pay off that old debt to Solomons ? ' 'To do what!' interrupted the old ghost. 'Why, Solomons was paid off before I died, and I made sure that you would have got along comfortably with my practice — it wanted a younger man; and you would have married Lucy and settled down.' 'We could find no receipt, and Solomons swore that the debt was not settled, and he could not wait any longer for his money.' 'The scoundrel!' said the ghost, now in a tow ering rage. 'The swindler, robber, thief! I'll give Solomons a turn! Fifty per cent I've paid iii-m. Not find the receipt; why, I put the re ceipt in, in — now, where did I put that receipt?' We .waited in silence, but the ghost was evi dently astray. 'Did you get my prescription for 'Bunce's Mi raculous Moist Pxowders?' ' he asked. 'No; I looked for that everywhere.' 'Very strange, very strange! Won't I give that Solomons fits!' Somehow, I felt sorry for Solomons. Old Dr. Bunce, or bis shade, puzzled his brains in vain. At last his son said, 'I have an idea. Would you mind allowing me to hypnotise you?' 'On no account,' said the old gentleman, tes tily. 'You know my rooted objection to all that humbug.' 'But this is a matter of the greatest import ance. Perhaps it will set me up on my legs, and enable me to marry Lucy. Do let me try.' The old man was moved. 'You can't hypnotise a ghost,' he protested. **Let me try, at any rate.' ; To cut it short, he consented, and Robert went to work. He started the old ghost loo-king stead fastly at a «aucer full of tea, and begged him to concentrate his thoughts . on the missing receipt. We waited in perfect silence. Presently Robert made some passes, and told his father to iook up. The ghost raised his face. His eyes were open, fcut set fixedly. Evidently he saw nothing. 'When Solomons gave you the receipt for the money where did you go?' asked Robert. There was no answer... 'You are not dead,' went on 'the son— 'you are alive, and coming away from Solomons' with the receipt in your pocket.' 'Yes,' said the ghost. /'Where do you go?' 'I go home and straight up to my consulting room and lock the receipt up in my cash box' 'Go on. P.erijaps you took dt out Again.' 'I do take it and the other papers-out again— my lease and other things. I look at the date of the lease; then I put them back again.*' 'You are sure you put them all back again? 'I think so, but I am not sure.' Robert was at fault. 'We have searched every where. The cash box was locked, with the lease and other papers in it, but no receipt.'^ 'I remember nothing more but that.' 'Ask him about the prescription?' I whispered. 'What did you do with the prescriptdan of 'Bunce's miraculous moist powders?' ' 'I wrote it out on a piece of paper, and put it in the leaves of my 'Nomenclature.' ' That was all that could be obtained. Further questioning could elucidate nothing fresh— no clue of any sort. Robert made eome upward passes and restored the ghost of his parent to conscious ness. 'You didn't succeed, then,' he said. 'Yes, I did. Look at the clock. You've been in a hypnotic trance for over fifteen minutes.' 'Did you find out anything?' 'You took the receipt home and locked it up in your cash box.' 'So I did; I remember now. Well, go on.' 'It was not in the cash box when you died. You took the papers out once to look at the date of your lease, but. to the best of your belief, put them all back again.' The old man seemed very perplexed. 'How did Solomons know the receipt was lost?' 'He got it out of me in an unguarded moment.' 'I'll get at him in an unguarded moment. Did J tell you anything about the 'moist powders?' ' 'Yes; you put the prescription in amongst the' leaves of your 'Nomenclature.' ' 'So I did, so I did. I remember it all now. How weak my memory must have got just before I died. , Have you got the book still?' 'Yee; but I have never opened it, as I have my own 'Nomen.' ' 'Anyway, I'll commence on Solomons. I'll frighten the soul out of him.' He was starting off to put Solomons through a preliminary canter, when I detained him. 'You have not delivered the committee's mes eage,' I reminded him. 'No, no; I forgot. They accept your challenge, and will meet you here at 12 o'clock to-night.' 'How about this top-sawyer ghost? Can I make him angry?' 'Yes, but don't; he could hurt you.' The old fellow vanished, but suddenly reap peared. 'It's against rules to give advice, but Robert, you hypnotise him if you can.' Then he went out for good. We made ourselves comfortable against mid night, and passed the time in conversation. - - Dr. i Bunee always enjoyed my conversation, like you j dp. (Jim never gave anybody else a chance to speak, when he was, what he called, conversing.) : Young Bunce was in good spirits. He said, any- ; how, if Solomons was not frightened out of the i money, he would make a good thing out of the ; moist powders, which was a real good medicine, j Midnight struck, or at least it would have done : so, hut my clock doesn't strike. Nothing happen ed for awhile. Suddenly Bunce shivered, and said it' was cold. I pushed the whisky bottle over to him, and then saw that the door was slowly open ing. I confess I felt more frightened when we were watching that door slowly, slowly, opening than at anything we saw afterwards, and Bob says the same. What was coming in so silently? A hand appeared— a huge hand, of a dull white corpse color; a hand big enough for a giant of immense size. It came in the room, and the arm also — a white, ghastly, bloodless arm. To watch it, and think what creature must own such an arm that was so gradually creeping towards us, was the most awful thing. Presently it began to search about, as though seeking something — as though striving to clutch its prey with those terrible looking fingers. It hovered over the table, and every second we ex pected it to lay hold of us. Suddenly Bunce broke the spell of fear. 'Don't take our whisky,' he said, in a choky kind of voice. That saved us. I mustered up a very artificial laugh. The arm was suddenly withdrawn, and the door closed angrily with a bang. 'That part of the show Is over,' I remarked with relief; and I may tell you that it was a near go with both of us. Tiien the door opened again, and a ghastly figure entered— a mutilated human form. The nose and ears had been cut off, the eyes : gouged from the sockets, the mouth cut into a hideous slit, and landless, bleeding stumps were extended towards us. As the thing advanced, a sound of agonised sobbing accompanied it, seemed to hover around it, and fill the room with the njoanings of a being under torture. Horrible as this appearance was, it did not affect either of us as did that cruel searching hand. It wandered round tne room, waving its stumps, and moving its horrible face 1 this way and that. Then, coining close to Bunce, it put its face down, and a soft woman's voice of ' great sweetness seemed to come from the gaping j mouth: 'Kiss me, my lost love.' This spoilt the whole show, arid both of us burst into a loud ! laugh-1— the effect was too absurd. In an instant the thing vanished, and the door slammed. 'I think they'll fail now,' said Robert. 'D — n it; look out!'' He started up, for a'*snake, a death-adder, was wriggling about on the table. 'It's that Tom fool ghost,' I said. 'Let it alone.' We did so, and it wriggled away. 'Then darkness fell on us. We.-«ould see the lamp like a speck of fire, but it gave no light. I struck a match, but it was just I the same. Cold, slimy hands pawed over pur faces ; they circled round ' our throats, as if threatening to strangle us; and the room was full of a rustling sound, as though it was filled with gliding forms. It was very disagreeable, but we constrained ourselves to sit still, and presently the light shot up again, and the room was .empty. Bunee reached out to the bottle, but it was'^in stactly snatched away. 'Put that back,' he said 'that's aa old trick I'd be ashamed of.' The bottle was returned, but when he went to lift it it seemed rooted to the table. 'That's only fit for a side show,' I remarked, and the bottle was free, and we helped ourselves. For two or three hours or more they tried it on in all manner of ways, but as they did not succeed at first they lost their chance, and the performance only got amusing. 'I'm tired of this,' I said at last. 'It's our turn now. Where's that boss ghost who frightens cats and babies?' 'I'm here,' said a voice in my ear that made me jump. 'T^ell, just appear; show yourself, man — don't hide.' 'How shall I appear?' 'As a good strong man,' I said. Immediately there stood by the table a brawny lookiag fellow, dressed in bush fashion. 'Are you the ghost who can materialise himself solid?' I asked. 'Smell that,' Ihe returned, thrusting a brawny fist against my nose. 'You'll do,' I remarked. 'Now, strong as you are, you can't stare at this tumbler for five min utes and then look my friend in the face.' The ghost sneered; then fixed -his eyes on the tumbler and stared at it. At the end of five minutes Bunce made some passes over him, and then told him to look up. It was all right; we had him safely hypnotised. We had our plans arranged also. ' 'You know what ringbarking is?' said Bunce. 'Yes,' answered the mesmerised ghost. 'Then, as soon as it is daylight you can go and begin, and don't leave off until you're allowed to.' It was just beginning to dawn when that ma terialised ghost started ringbarking, and it was dusk in the evening when Bunce removed the influence, and a sadder, wiser ghost returned to spirit land. We told the men that it was a bet that he could keep ringbarking all day without knocking off, and to their surprise he did it There were many spectators during the time he was employed, and if the ghosts were listening they must have been edified by the critical re marks passed. What surprised everybody was the disappearance of such a master ringbarker; but, as you may believe, he was never seen in this district again. I drove Bunce into town again, and he started off for Sydney and Lucy, his books being packed ' up there. A week afterwards I got a letter from ? him. This is it: 'Dear Jim, — I owe you a lot for that ghost racket. What do you think — my old father had written out the prescription for the 'miraculous moist powders' on the back of the re ceiptj which he must have left lying on the desk when he opened the cashbox to look at the date of the lease. I went to Solomons, and found him ill and penitent, and only too willing to make restitution. He did not enter into details as to what had occurred, but from what he let drop I fancy dad kept his word, and Solomons has been having a really bad time lately. Lucy and I are to be married very soon, and then we'll come up and see you. As I said, I owe you something, and, by George, I'll pay it! When the 'miraculous moist powders' are ready for the market you shall be the first man I will doctor with them.' 'I don't know what the moist powders are good for/' said Jim, as he finished the letter; 'but I'll be hanged if be will.' No bird of prey has th« gift of song. ] 