vcsana GHOST OF THE NAKED ARM. ORIGINAL STOP.y. -EV ' Cr.OKCE WASHINGTON, JUKIOK.' JT WAS Christmas night, andas we sal around the large, open fire-place at tbe Gutta Ranges in the far West, smoking our 1-iipes and sipping red rum, the conversation was turned to ghosts. There were six of us present, all sheepmen, and each one freely expressed his opinion on the question. Most of us were decidedly sceptical, Ai last Tom Wallace, who had hitherto remained a silent listener to. our various expressions of doubt and unbelief in the existence of the supernatural, spoke up and said : ''Vou fellows can laugh at me as much as you like, but I 'tell you I believe in ghosts, because I have seen and heard or.e myself,' Of course, we were all eager to hear about Tom's ghost, the more so because he was a plain, honest, manly feitaw, who always spoke the truth and had no romance in his constitution. After a little pre;sing, and a general reililinji of pipes and replenishing of glasses, Tom Wallace continued as laltaws. H'i sai'i : ? In Dicember of 1^75 I happened to be in Botirlce dead broke and look ing for a j- -1j, wncti a gentlemanly young Englt'.hru.'iri, somewhat travei '.iiined and very dusty, entered the Wilcannia Hotel and asked the land lord if he knew of a man that would help hirn drove a fkek of yearling iheep to Hay. ' I overheard him ir.d at o.-.ce j offered my s-.r/ice', which werereaciij j accepted, the more so because I had I old S-Mly here along y/i'.ri rne, and a bi-tter dog on the road than he was then was not to be found in Australia or anywhere else. It was ever. ir^-, ar.d after he'f.(r:sr r. to jarri hi; ?vr.eep, »ft iXitK to t'r.e r.otel for sivpper.. Atcer mpptt the yoanz fellbw ltol;-£ m« ft is- amt was A. p, Maaafit'h;. ami chat lie hart ralhsn.- up TOM TKl.I.H 11 IH HTOJIY. sornc'Kovemmen. land nearCollarandi, where he vr0l)0-e^ to winter his tliounapd odd yearlings. He engaged at £(- a month to help him look lfter them. It was agreed that we should start at five o'clock the next morning and make an old sheep route six miles distant, the next night. After a hasty breakfast we started on our road, taking with us 011 n pack-horse our blankets, frying pan, etc., and last but not least, a gallon of good Scotch whisky. ' It was raining hard when we let the sheep out of the yard, and it kept up nil the livelong day. I tell you it was no fun tramping over that country with fifty pounds ol mud oi) each boot, under n soaking rain, nnd I was heartily glad when evening came, and we sighted an old deserted sheep camp. It took us a little time to patch up the tumble down concern and to collect enough wood to start a fire in the hut fire-place. The hut was a (air- sized one and contained two bunks and .a big open lire-place, iu which we soon hud a bkmng fire. ' After a hearty meal of canned meat, damper and tea, we lit our pipes and attacked the demijohn, 1 As I said before, boys, Arthur Meredith was a gentlemanly-looking young fellow, so I was quite ready to believe the history of himself which he offered to give me by way of filling up the time till we turned in, and as it somehow lo my mind — though I don't know exactly how— seems lo belong lo what happened afterwards, I will try as far as I can in his own words to re late it lo you. lie said : 1 ant the son of n gentleman in North Wales— old country — and received a good educa tion at College, Being intended for the army, and very proud of the pros peot belore me of one (lay becomirg a General, I was anxious to pass all the examinations necessary for getting a commission. This I succeeded in doing, and being, like most Welshmen, very proud ol'iuy country nnddescei.t, I was prouder still at being gazetted as second lieutenant in a Welsh regiment. Our headquarters were nt that time in ! Exi gland, and I found my brother- | officers — most of j ?whom were Welsh men, including the colonel, an old friend of my father's— very nice, sociable, and smart men. The first year of my service passed over very quickly and agree ably. I paid several visits home during the time, and found my old mountain home a very agree able and quiet change from my usual evervdav active, bustling barrack life in an Eng lish town. But the change was more agreeable still for giving roe the oppor tunity of seeing a certain young lady named Gertrude Griffiths, the daughter ol a neighbour, who had promised some day to become my wife. ' At length one day came an order from tbe War Office for our regiment to prepare for foreign service. I managed to get a fortnight's leave, and you may guess where and how I spent most of my time. As the last day drew near we exchanged a gift of rings. Gertrude's gift to me was a peculiar signet ring which I should recognise anywhere, and of course I swore never to part with it. ' We were ordered to a place in Africa — not very far from the Cape — and a very warm shop it was. The officers were parcelled out in a sort of huts, two in each, one of which was occupied by me in company with another sub. There was a makeshift substitute for a door, which v/ith a hole in the wall provided all the means v/e had for getting air, so of course — although the natives were awful thieves — we were forced to leave the door open ali nights, which as we always had sentries posted and vie re on tbe alert ourselves, with plenty of weapons handy, v/e thought nothing of. Near the door was a wooden fixture which had to serve as a table for all purposes, a glass being placed therein, and on which we also placed our 7/atches and rings. I forgot Vi mention that Miss Griffiths also gave rne a smaii gold locket, which I took care should contain the best miniature Sikene-ss of herself that I could procure, ; and which I alwajs wore ur.der my; Cress, but which I invariably placed at , night with my ring ar.d watch on the ! table described. i 'My comrade was a cheerful but quiet f yourg PLr.gl'uhrnan, and not at all given ; to prar.txai ;ok«:z, lo I knew he hsd ; r.w.tr.% to Co wh'r. wr.a t I'll r.w tt'A i jot:. Or.e n'viul 1 ws.i very hot ar.d 1 ? rsnrfMii and. half dozing when .tftrce i 1 crifKrsjj Tic iae cncssc es».te svt so ssd j look at the door. Some slight gust from the hole in the wall had blown it to. A gleam of moonshine was half lighting up tlie door and table, while the bed and I were in. a complete shadow. Aa I looked I saw the door open very slowly and an ? arm — naked to the shoulder— came gradually in, crept noiselessly on to the table, lifted some thing, and like lightning disappeared. I leaped out of bed, gave a loud shout, which awoke Archie Sinclair, my chum, and we both rushed out into the open. Not a sound but the sentry was astir, and he declared no one had ap proached our hut. In the morning I found my most invaluable possession — the .brooch, with its much prized reminder of my beloved, was gone. At mess that evening I informed the colonel of my loss, who advised me to keep a sharp look-out that night, as it was probable the thief would come again for something else. I was also unmercifully chaffed by my comrades as being one who thought so little ofa sweetheart as to consign her all night to a table instead of pressing her image always, night nnd day to my heart. 'That night I watched carefully, making sure that the door was in the same position, and lying awake all night, but the early iropical sun arose, and morning, or rather day, came without the thief. ' I was for putting up with the loss, however grievous, as the act of some extra Clever native rascal, but my. comrade Archie begged ol me to try one more night- — to sit on n chair for two or three hours behind the door with my sword handy and await events. I followed this plan out. I felt awfully drowsy after a while, but near mid night I thought I heard a faint whisper. 1 arose, grasping my sword firmly. The door slowly opened as before — the hand siretched out grimly, and seizing something which it appeared to lix somewhere, was gradually with drawing, when coming down on the shoulder — bare as it was— with a terrible stroke, my bword brought the arm clean off, and it dropped on to the floor without making the slightest noise. / '?On the third finger of the left hand was my ring — 1 wore it on tbe third finger. There was tbe arm — long, thin, and of 3 bluish-grey tint. Archie and I couldn't tell whether it had belonged to a white or brown person — man or woman — and as our surgeon was a carious critical old fellow, we resolved not to mention it, but to bury' the arm and await events. Of course, I withdrew my ring, and there it is, Wallace, if you doubt my story. But here comes the strangest part Every night after that — wherever 'we were1 located— about midnight a slight noise used to 'wake me, and if sleeping in a room, even, witfe the door fast, it would slowly open and tbe same naked arm appear- At length I grew so nervous and ill from want of rest that I was forced to resign my commission, and my father finding me the money, I am now out here for colonial experience and to see if steep-breeding will 'pay. I may say that since I left England I have net been haunted by the ' Ghost of the Naked Arm.' Wallace, we'il turn in.' We did so, fastening the rickety door as well as we cou'd, and blocking up the larger cracks in the hut with clothes and newspapers. ' It was Christmas Eve, and Arthur Meredith declared that lie would rest over Christmas Day in the hut and give the sheep a chance to rest and feed on the young grass that was abundant on the plain near the camp. It did not take us long to get to sleep, and v/e had probably slept for three hours when both of us were awakened by a fierce growl from Scotty, niy collie dog, v/ho had coiled I imself up in front of the now dying embers. Instinctively I grabbed rny six-shooter and lit the lantern we had with us. There stood Scotty, all the bristles on his back erect as the quills of an angry porcupine He w as growling and sniffing althedoor. Presently there came three loud raps on the door, v/hich fairly shook the whole hut. Simultaneously mycelf and .Meredith shouted ' Who's then-7 ' 3reaih:essiy v/e awaited a rpf'y — BK4 carrje. I got up, the Esnierc In one hand and revolver En tha other and oppyM the door. Sovzj rair.e6 out, barking furi chased object v/hich lite -* x'nM streak of light asvii 2 around the camp. I -Msj-fr't but the object vanished in j^xlarfcr.ess, and I was soon busy ^eting-the frightened sheep, which -fad bunched together in a corner and threatened to break down the flimsy fence. On returning I met Meredith. He, too, had seen the spectral apparition, and entering the hut v/e gazed at each other for a minute, iri silence, v/hen he said : ' If I believed in ghosts I v/ould take my oath that was one.' 'It must have been a pretty healthy one,' I answered, ' to knock as hard as it, did, but I'll be hanged if I don't believe it was a ghost all the same.' We put fresh wood on the fire, and after a pipe and two or three drinks, turned in again. I could not sleep, how ever, for I must own though not superstitious I was somewhat scared and perplexed. I was half asleep and half awake when I heard Scotty utter a low, angry growl, and looking towards the door, saw, in the fire light, a long, bony, bluish-looking arm push through an opening in the door and try to turn the latch. ' I reached over and touched Meredith, who woke at once, and I pointed to the arm and hand. ' Get out and grab it;' lie whispered, and I quietly slid out of my bunk, pistol in hand, and seized tlie skeleton wrist. An unearthly yell came from the outside, but my hand held only a handful of dust. Banging open the door I gazed into ..the darkness, and skipping ranidjy over the plain again saw that streak of bluish light. Scotty gave .chase and was gone some fifteen minutes when ' ? ' IlK SEES TI1R AttM-AOAJlfi' _ he came hack with his tail between ,liis legs, shivering like a man with the ngue. Neither of us wanted any more sleep, and so we sat up and talked over the odd apparition until 'daylight, which, I tell you, we both hailed with delight, I tell you, although it was Christmas Day, and the rain was pouring down, we didn't stay in that hut another night, but drove on some five miles to a road-side inn where there was a well fenced paddock, aud took our Christ mas turkey there. That night we told the landlord — Jerry Lynch — about our experience, 'and he £aid : 'Yon would not get even a tramp in these parts to sleep 'in that hut for love or money, for It has for some years had the reputation of being haunted. Fourteen years ago an old sheep-drover named Cole lived there. He lived there for- three years and must have saved money, for he never came to town or spent a cent except in tobacco. One day, when the owner of the sheep came around, he found his flock half-starved in the yard, where they had been probably for two days. Old Cole 'was found in one of the bunks with his throat cut from ear to ear, and stone dead.' Now, boys, 3Tou can make as much fun of me as you like, but if you want proof of what I've told you, just write to A. F. Meredith, care of Bell and Co., Gimley's Hotel, Sydney, and he'll corroborate every word I have said.' Under these circumstances we had to believe T om, and; all went to bed that night with a queer shivering feel ing about us which wewere ashamed to confess. In olden times ChriEtmaB carol b -were Bung by the bishopB and clergy, the money collected being distributed amone the poor. BUFFER AT THE OLD HCT. 