A PLAUGE-STRICKEN CITY. A correspondent, under date June 11, has sent us an account of tbe sudden ap pearance of the plague in Calcutta. It is contained ra a letter from her son. who iS living in JJenjjal. Writing from buddowak on May 13 ho says:— 'The plague, which lias so long held Bombay in its clutches, has at last appeared in Calcutta, and on May 5 it wan officially announced that the city was plague- infected. Almost iaome diately there was a tremendous exit of ali classes. During tiie whole of that day and the next all the trains were packed with natives leaving for all parts of the country. The scars was not so much on account of the plague itself as fear of the conse quences of tbe announcement posted at once all over Calcutta concerning inocula tion. The Fakirs, ever ready to incite the natives against the Europeans, set on foot th« announcement that inoculation was merely a device of the Government to destroy them, and tliat two houn after they had been inoculated they would die. Further to excite the people some black guards in different places pretended that they were inoculated, and caught a few natives, pricked them with a pin, rubbed some coloured juice over the scratches, and then ran away. The men, who believed that they had been ac tually inoculated, thereupon nubed into the bazaars, and very shortly afterwards there was naturally an uproar, and fac tory hands, &c;, struck work in all direc tions. Panic - strickin gari (carriage) drivers rode off on their ponies, leaving their garis standing in the street— I heard this was under the idea that, not only themselves, but also their pouies, were to be inoculated. But the Government, with admirable tact, got everything icto a comparatively quiet state. Special hos pitals have been made for high-caste native ladies, who are .not allowed to expose their faces, or even, in many cases, snow themselves out of doors, unless covered hot a uu;ze i-efuivc-*na[.ie-i co.crca inune vork, which is supported by servants of heir harcin. Caste Hospitals have been n:i!t so that higb-castc men tuav in no ray be contaminated by a lower caste. We lave had to tell the natives tliat there ia sot and will not be compulsory inocuia ion, which bss been a great aid in qu'vt ng things down, although at such a time is this compulsory inoculation is much xceded, in order to nip this terrible disease n the bud. One may see from this how :hihlish the natives here are in illness. AJthough one native newspaper writes a lertsible article on segrcg&iiou; and inocu lation, this is the 'Hindu Patriot,' which lias the following: — 'The ''India Daily j Sews' advises Government to renounce segregation and inoculation, we supple to j sit with folded hands trusting to Provi- j ience. Verily onr brother's faith is of the ' kind thatremovesmountains; but wbcthera ? responsible and civilized Government can; Rbdicate its first duty— tbat of protecting the lives of its subjects by relying solely on ! a Merciful Providence is a point on which I mere people will have serious doubts. Oar contemporary has been busy getting j up ft memorial protesting against both; segregation and inoculation, and suggest- ] Ing what may be called a policy of masterly ; inaction. Now, what is the good of asking j Government to drop a measure when \ notliing is suggested in its place? Du- ! tinctive criticism is easy, but it will not I stamp out the plague. To unite people to join in & prayer which lias not ev*n the ghost of a chance of being granted is merely to doom the deluded fl» disappoint ment and to embarrass the Government. The native has not yetvbeen mnrle to sec that in trying to defeat these Government measures he is cutting o%hif nnse to spite hit face, and will only find out Lis mistake when .too late.' Fortunately so far the plague in G^kutta, has been checkrd owing to every one leaving Calcutta the moment it wa* anuouueedt(4-ut there is nc saying when it may l»reak\out again.' ? 