DAYS OF DANGER. [copyright.] ' Thrilling Narratives of the Bnshranging Times. Keenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE, j IN FIVE PARTS. PERIOD, 1846. PART V. The inquest, indoed, who a formal aflair. Tho convict servant saw that it was uaeleaa — quite useiosB — Baying any thing for himself at that stage, and he remained silent, which was, of oourso, another evidence of guilt. He was at once committed for trial at tho ensuing Launoeaton Asaizea, and ovoryono re garded thu wretched man as beine as good aa dead. At least, not everyone, for Evan Edwards and Michaol Keonan were con vinced that tho man was innocent. Thoy had both boon in the publio-houaoon tho night of tho murder, and had seen some thing which nt the time did not interest them, but which the subsequent develop ments caused to assume importance. They were both in tho side room off tho bar, and Southey — who waa frequently taken from tho farm to assist in tho public-house, as his manners were affable in spite of his wretchod condition — waB working in tho kitchen. He was being continually called out, and it was during one of Lhoao absences that tho friends noticed a tall — very tall man — walk into tho kitchen, pick up something from a table, and leave tho room. They caught a momentary view of the face, tho uppor part of which was hidden by a largo ? sloutli hat and tho lower by a heavy linoril Tf wna nl.tin fn 'FMwnr'lfl that. the fellow pioked up a knife, for I10 saw the glean of the blade and heard a slight metallio sound, but Keonan did not, aa he waa in a different position. Aa tho man might have been ono of the servants belonging to the place thoy took 110 further notice of tho incidont, and a few minuteB after OonBtable WilliamB entered the room, and, having a glass with them, left, as he said to go to the office, Ho was never seen alive after that. For a full hour later tho two men remained, and when they went to the bedrooms at tho baok, John Southey was still at work in tho kitchen. Next mprning, when the body of Conatablo Williams waa discovered stiff and cold, Edwards and Keenan romem bered tho occurrence of tho previous night, and they questioned the landlord as 10 whether he had audi a peraon as tho man they described in liia service. He vowed that he had not, and, in fact, did not'know such a man in the whole district. Ho was aware that the two Burvey-men were very friendly to John Southey, and it occurred to him that they were merely trying to divert sus picion from the proper quarter. This idea took strong poaaeasion of him, aB he did not scruple to speak his mind on the subject, though not to either Keenan or Edwards. They were both good oustomers and a little fiery if their honour wero im pugned, so that the landlord, who was a ? cautious man, was caroful to whom he addressed his insinuations that they were trying to Bcreen his Bervant. The loss of u boarder like Williams was a severe blow to the parsimonious landlord, and the only consolation he had was the reflection that Southey would 'awing, 'as ho termed it, for the murder. To give the fellow his duo, I10 really believed that his aBsigned Bervant waa really guilty of the crime, and ninety-nine persons in every hundred would bo inolined to agree with him. For several daya after the committal the two surveyors did all they could to get a cluo to the mystorious stranger who had entered the kitohon, but no one ia the district seemed to know Buch a person, and at length they were re luctantly foroed to give up the quest. All that lay in their power after that was to go to Launceston and give evidence in favour of the acoused man, and they determined to do so. 'Wasn't there something peculiar about that fellow wo saw go into the kitchen tho other night whioh Btruck you peculiar — as if you had soon him before V asked Edwards a few days after the murder. There'waB,' replied Keonan. ' It was in the eyes. I'm sure I saw the fellow somewhere before, but t can't recollect where it was. Hold 011 1 Hold 011 ! I've got it 1' he added in a lower voice. ' It was th it portrait, you know, which we touna uy tnose DoneB 1 ' Of course it was. What an ass I must be not to have recollected that b-fore. There is something in this, Mike. If wo had been sharp enough wo cnuld have nindo £500. Tho fellow waa no oilier than Jensen, the murderor, as sure as you're there. Look at tho way he wore his hat — almOBt down on his eyes — and the hair that coveied his face. Yes, we missed a good opportunity. That is the man who killed Williams, and by some moans he found out that tho poor devil of a servant and the constablo were enemies. What an idea to got r.lie knifol Surely thoy won't hang poor Southey, who is as innocent aByou or I,' exclaimed Edwards with animation. ' What a fool a man would be to leave evidence of his guilt stuck in his victim. That fac: alone ought to get Southey his liberty, but I shouldn't be surprised if they hang him. Law isn't justice you know, and you can see how feeling goeB about the settlement hero. There are a hundred to ono against the poor follow, and it will be the same I'm afraid in the court,' said Keenan. 1 Oh, you'll find it will be differont there, but if this cut-throat Jonsen iB about we must be on our guard. Ho would think nothing porhaps of swooping down on our oamp if there waB plunder. I don't understand— if it was Jonsen, and I am convinced it must have been — how he keeps about the district without being arrested. Ho muat bo a good deal about, or how could ho learn such news as tho feud between Williama and Southey, and how- tho latter was some timeB employed. Naturally, Jonsen would hnto Williams, for it was partly — sor chiofly — through the constable that the fact of the skeleton being Worriill'a and not Jonsen's was discovered. Don't you see how lie would have cause to rid himself of suoh a dangorous foe. The constable waa on his tracks riu'ht onouirh, and in time would have hunted him down. We must boo what we oan do in the amateur detective business, as it may be tho means of saving Southoy'a neck,' concluded Edwards. In pursuanoo of that resolvo, Walsh, Jones, and WeBtoir woro informed of tho disoovory — or supposed diae.ovory — mado by Keonan and 12 1 wards, and thoy woro asked to do all thoy could through thoir frionds as well aa thomBolves iu finding out such a man as was described. This thoy eaoh oarnoatly promised to do, for likely an innocent human life waB liang ing'in tho balanco with doath woighed against it, and tho discovery mightcauBe tho boam to fall on thosidoofinnoconco. As tliero was only a fortnight to tho trial tho case was woll-nigh hopeloss, and so it proved, for not a trace or vostige of tho man which thoy sought could bo found, aDd Keonan and EdwardB had to go to Launceston without tho slightest, proof that such a boing existed. When tho trial came on the court was crowdod ohiofly with officials and thoir friends, who woro anxious to see a convict pillored for daring to raiso a sacrilogioua arm against a representative of officialdom. Hanging, in tho opinion of a majority of tho audience, was cer tainly too good a fate for such a man, and thoy rogrettod tho passing away of thoso good old times when ' drawinjr ' and ' quartering ' could have boon added to tho sontonco. Onoaftoranothertho witnesses testified to the fact that the knife found in the body of Constable Williams was tho property of Southey, and that tho acoused did not dony. Then there wero otherB u I10 swore as to tho threats mado by tho prisoner against tho doad man, and to tho onmity whioh existed between them for many months previous to tho crime. Ho ono saw the actual deed dono, but the landlord, who was the bittor- st witnoss against his servant, stated that thore would have been no difficulty in Southey stepping out of the houso and slaying WilliamB as I10 wont over to his office. In fact, the body being found ao closo tothepublio house, he said, seemed to prove that it had been committed by somo ono who stepped out of tho place for the purpose and could not long re main away without Mb absence being detected. This was putting a nail in the accused's coffin. In his defence, Southey admitted that ho had a grudge against the dead man, and told the reason why, buthesolomnly asserted he was not a midnight assassin. What ho meant by rovonge waa to engage the constablo in a fair fight. He asserted that he had not gono outside the houao on the night of tho murder, and that aomeone must have takon his knifo out of the kitchen, on which it was lying on ono of tho tables. He had no idoa who that peraon could be, but that waa tho ouly explanation he could give. Edwarda and Keenan then volunteered to give evidence for tho defence, and told the judge and jury what the reader has already been seized of. They were each subjected to a severe crossexamina tion by the crown-prosecutor, and though they did not contradict themselves in any particular, their evidonce was shorn of ail woignt oy mo tact mat no one seemed to know anything of tho man whom I the crown lawyer characterised as a j 'mythocal personage.' When Edwards contended that the assassin was no other than Oarl JenBen, the Now Norfolk murderer, a roar of laughter greeted tho statement, but he obstinately adhered to that view, and nothing would shake either him or Keenan in the opinion. It is probable that tho assertion throw a cloud of ridiculo over the whole of their evidonce, and the judge in summing up gave that impreaBion. He waa dead against the prisoner, and scarcely noticed what had been Bworn by Edwards and Keenan, except to show its unreliability. Tho jury retired, but only for a fow minutes, and returned with a vordiot of guilty. Tlio sentence was, of course, death, and in accordance with his powers the judge ordered that the execution should take place that day week (16th Septem ber), 011 a gallows ereoted at the spot where the crime was committed. Tlii3 practice was frequently carried out in the early days, as it waB supposed to inspire more terror in tho mind of the condemned and also to impress the resi dents with the idea that crime had a speedy rotribution. Southey listened to his doom in silenco, and as tho judge concluded thore waa quite an uproar of applause, which was not suppressed until the prisoner waa removed Tho erection of the scaffold at the Mersey settlement waa at once begun, and tho residents looked forward to the 16th September ns though an interesting carnival was to tako place. The morning of the fatal day broke gloomly onougli, and from far and near tho people had assembled to witness tho execution. At niuo o'clock, tho time fixed for tho gruosome evont, there could not have been less than throe hundred persons present, a fair propor tion of them boing women. John Southey was confined in the small lock up and atrongly guarded, for thore hud beon whianers that an attempt at rescuo might bo made. This had boon Bpread by tho public-houso-keopor, who was savagely hunting tho man to death partly out of sheer malice and partly bocauso I10 would do a roaring trade on tho day of tho execution and for somo timo previously. I11 tho orowd woro tho members of tho EdwardB1 survoy party. Thoy did not attond out of moro morbid curiosity, but bocauao something might turn up at the laBt moment to show tho innocence of tho condemnod man. At least, that was tho comforting unction thoy laid to their souls, but they sooretly folt that John Southoy was practically a dead man. It was most unusual, in fact, unpre cedented, to Bee suoli a crowd at the tiny sottlomont, and with so many strangers present tho cliiof interest — next to tho hanging itaolf — lay in scan ning tho facoa which passod and re passed. Somo of them wero hideous enough to wa-irant tho belief that their owners woro in thoir natural olomont attending at suoh a ghastly ovont, whilst others again woro humane and charitable looking enough. Though tho day was fine, a strong wind blow from tho north, and ofton an exciting chase ensued between a man and his errant hat in consequence. It was on tho stroke of tho fatal hour whon Keonan suddenly caught hold of Edwards' arm and whispered hoarsoly : ' Limit ! Look ! There ho is !' Following tho indicated direction, Edwards saw the tall, bent figure of a man slowly making his way through tho crowd. H11 seomcd to bo oblivioUB of ovorything but tho gallows, and waB noaring it to got a better view of tho execution. Thore could bo 110 miatakirig the mail. Though tho dross waa some what different to that worn on tlio night whon Edwards and Keonan saw him enter tho kilchon of the inn, and the rangod beard had boon trimmed, tho same bIoubIi hat waB on liiB head drawn almost over tho peculiar restless eyes, and tho sinistor oxproaaion whioli ovon tho portion of tho faoo exposed gavo could not bo mistnkon. ' That is the murdorer, and our time has come. I trust we may not bo too late.' A constablo whom Edwards knew was standing closo to him as ho Bpoko, and he beckoned to him. ' Do you want to mako £600, WoIIb ?' lie asked. ' Of aourso I do,' waa the response. ' Then thore stands Carl JeiiBon, the New Norfolk murderor, and the man who killod WilliamB, Wo will givo you a hand. There isn't a moment to be lost. Oomo on.' The official had tho mostimplicittruBt in EdwardB, and whon ho looked upon tho strange figure which had beon so accurately described, ho sawatonco that the men wore probably right in their surmiBO, and he joined them in elbowing his way through tho surging crowd to tho spot where Jenaon stood. Thoy had not reached him whon a hoarse cry aroso. This was tho signal that tho condemned man waa being led out, and at this sound Jenaon turned quickly, when a strong blast of wind blow off his hat and re vealed tho fatal diagonal scar and the bare bald pate. ' Put up your hands, Carl Jonson,' cried tho constable, and almost instantly tho throe men surrounded him with presented pistols. For an instant ho glared round like a wild boast meditating a spring, but aa he saw tho utter uselesB ness of an attempt at escape, his stolidity returned, and ho murmured ' tho game's up,' arid quietly submitted to be hand cuffed. John Southey at the moment waB boing led up the ladder to the scaffold, and, with the exception of a few people in the immediate vicinity of tho arroBt, none know that it had been carried out. ' Don't let that innocent man hang, Jonsen. It can make no difference to you, and will save him if you confesB. See, they are putting the rope round his neck. Won't you stop the butchery?' cried Edwards. ' No, of course I'll not do so. Why should I ? Very likely they'll bo a crowd gaping at mo in the same way Bhortly. Oh, no; I want to see tho fun,' replied Jensen with a low laugh. Finding that ontreatieB were of no avail, Edwards made his way to the scaffold, at which no less a personage than tho civil commandant of Launceston was standing, and in a few secondB told that official that Jensen had been cap tured, and that he was undoubtedly the real murderer of Williams, though he would not confess. ' I can do nothing, Edwards, even if he did confess. I have no power to stop an execution, and as we have 110 proof that Jensen is the murderer, the execu tion must proceed.' Aa ho finished ho gavo tho fatal Bignal, and the wretched Southoy was seut to his doom amidat tho roar of the crowd. 'Take tliiB ruffian away and don't let him gloat over his last murder,' cried Edwards passionately aa he went back to whero the constable, with Jleenan and Walsh, had the murdorer in custody. By this time Southoy was dead, and looking at the swinging body, Jensen said: 1 Well, I did kill Williams, I may tell you. They can't hang me for thatcrime, anyway.' He waB hurried to the lock up, and shortly after, under a strong guard, was takon to Hohart Town, whero he was tried and condemned to doath for tho murder of his wife. On tho day pre ceding his execution, which took place 011 the 2nd November, 1846, he made a short oonfeBsion to the effect that Duffy, Worrall, and himself were engaged in extensive robberies in the New Norfolk district. His wife threatened to inform, and he killed her and went to Worrall'B. Thoy had long been suspicious of Duffy, and they decided to rid themselves of his presence, which they did by killing him in his sleep with a blow on the head. Tlioy put tho body into the Derwent River, and after using tho boat to get across, they overturned it. With a considerable Bum of money in their possession, and two well-stocked swags, they kept along the verge of settlement until they came near the Mersey settlement, where Jensen had a i-taunoh friend. The money was given him, and then the two men agreed to tako to the bush for a time as tho safest. Tho settler friend arranged to pay periodical visits with food to a certain point. Going back, near Mount Valen tino, the retreat waa discovered, which Mealey found, and the life juat suited Jenaon. Worrall, however, got tired of it, and frightened that if he wont back alone I10 would reveal the secret of Jenaen'a hiding-placo in the hope of getting a pardon, Jensen decided to kill him. A11 altercation took place ono day noar tho big treo, anil Jensen choked his comrade to death at itB base. A shoot of bark was placed, on tho body, and then tho idea of leaving hiB photo, with it occurred to him. When the Biirvey party came along he was delighted to find that they had made the discovery ho wished for, and it was I10 who stole tho food, clotheB, and newspaper. Tho latter told him of the Biiccess of his ruse, and fearing that, his retreat might bo discovered, I10 decided to go back to his friend's place. This ho did, but shortly aftor, through Williams and Sutherland, he was again boing sought for, and ho decided to liavo revenge on tho constablo. His friend gave him all the necessary information, and ho carried out his purpose but too woll. To tlio end lie steadfastly refused to give tho name of ;he sottlor who befriended the assassin, though the man was strongly suBpected. 1 Woll, Keenan,' said Dr. Sutherland tho day after Jensen's confession was known, 'your ghoBt waB a pretty sub stantial one.' ' Woll, yeB, sir, but its appearance meant doath all tho same, for poor John Southoy waB tho victim,' came the reply. TnK End. 