A:8 DARIiNf ~SGllEIE. (By " ?ANDERER.") 'My daughter was perfectly heart whole,' he said. ' Had there .been a lover in the case she would have told me all about him. She did so in the case of a gentleman who was paying .his addresses to her some .time. ago,. and Ii am certain she would,hale been equally frhnkc with me ihad another come on the scene.; My rule in my own family has always been one of .love, Mr. Sharpe, and both my chil-i drenhave ever looked on-me not as a stern master, but rather as a dear friend, to whom they could carry all their troubles with ,the certainty of finding a sympathetic listener.' ' Here r. G--- neairly broke down, again, and being certain that he could give me no more points, I suggested tlit I should dccompany him.to his house and have, a look at the room from which the bird had flown. He as su;ied me that I was at liberty to search the-whole buildinig if I chose, and pre sently I found myself: bWoiling, along iii lhis comfortable brbugham, -behind a:palr of'bays thiit niade:me break the tenth'cominandnient every time I look Sed at them. ..On. arriving, at. Mr...G.'s maindsion, we wveie niet at the dooirby his sbn, whibse troubled face relic'rted the grief depicted ofi his faitliers ehoun tdnan'ce. Ia;,ing iritroduced me in' a few\v words, both "gentlenien led the Sway upstairs, and Mr. G., taking a key from his pocket, unlocked the door of a room on the first, floor, saying : 'This was my daughter's bedroom, Mr. Sharpe. I thought it best to leave it exactly, as it was, so that you might form your own conclusions from its appearance. Therefore I locked the door to prevent anyone from ineddling with or'disturbing ainytliing?' . 'Coniplimenting Mr. G- on hisi thoughtfulness. [ stepped into the room. Scarcely had mny foot crossed the threshold, when my nostrils were assailed by a faint, almost impercept ible odour, which seemed somehow strangely familiar; but for thehlifoobf me I could not for the moment think what it was. I am not much of a lady's man, as yo: knowv, therdefore you must not expect iide to give you a descrip tion.of- that room and its contents. It is enough-to say that nothing was wanting there which luxury could de mand or money buy; indeed, there \- were many.articles of whose names and uses I was and am profoundly ig norant. There was the comfortable armchair drawin before the fireplace, in which Miss G--- had evidentlylsat before retiring to bed while close be-. side it lay the tiny dress shoes and silk sto0ckings, just. asshe had taken them off on the previous evening. Across the back of another chair hung..the dress'ivhich she had worn;- a- confee tion of some soff, shinimmering t~liite material, the very name and composi "tibn of which is to the mere male per soni ah:a cinieform -inscription. Be yond this the room was in perfect order, showing no; sighs whatever of a struggle, even the bedclothes being turned back naturally as they-would be by a.persof who got out of .bed of his--rhecr--om n accord. Sofartieree was nothing that even suggested foul play, and yet ,the idea. that violerice had been' used;"had thken possession of me from thg moment I set foot in that room. 'Instinct;-I suppose; any how, it was not long before my.sus picioni grelw into a certainty..Cross ing over tothe window, whllic was still open, I carefully examined the sashes and catch, and it did not surprise .me when I found on both thedmarks of some sharp instrument, faint indeed, but still as plain as-prihtt to a prac tised eye. I kept my discovery to my self, :.and proceeded ito. :make; : thor ough se~rch.on the floor-and among the bedclothes for something which I might make Still plaiier to my mind's eye the performance which had been enacted within these four walls. Down in the corner behind the bed, where it "had :fallen and-: lain unnoticed and forgotten by- the. villains in the hurry of their .departure, I found what I warited. It: was only a white cambric handlkerchief, such as you can .buy -by -the thotisand in any big draper's shop, but it formned the principal link iin the chain which dragged Mr. Herbert- Vivian to the felon's-dock. As I picked it up, :.the ododur which I had smelled oii entring the room, grew more pronounced, and on putting the handkerchief.to my nose, I found that the scent came from -it. It was a faint, sicldy smell; and for a moment I was puzzled- to fit a nameto it. Then- like a flash it-came to me, and I could have-kicked myself for my stbpidity. Of course, it- was . chloroforinm; and equally, of.. course,. tile whole matter was to me as clear. as daylight. Some person, or pergons, Unknown, had forced back the catch of Miss G--'s window,- entered the room, and chlorofoimedher as:she lay asleep; after which- it was the sim-: plest thling in the world-to lo'er.her inanimate form to the garden -below.: J.ooking through.the open .window, I .could distinctly see therholes made in tlihe gravelled walk liieneati :by the ladder which hhad been reared agaiinst the house, and,.sttffiig the handker chief into my pocket: I hurried.into thie garden to make further inuvestiga tans. .Under-the wiridow I found the, traces of foo'tprints too faint, munfor tunately, for purposes of identification, but yet, useful as being a starting point from which to trace the course taken in their;fliglt by ,tle, ruffians who lhad made them. Froni the house the tracks led: stinight dow;n a long walk to a high wall at the end of the garden ; and here I got my second valuable clue. Between the walk and S ,the:wall lay a flowerbed about ten feetn \- nide, into the:soft elay':of wliih thlie villains' feet haul sunk deeply leaving slharp, clean-cut impressions which 'could be measured to the.sixteenth, of an .inch. There ivdre-tWo. setso-f"fo'ot prints, tlhui sho"wing that two , nien Lad been'engaged in the. nefariods plot; and, going down oni my knees; I measured the ones which were most distinct, after which I procured some glass shades from Mr. G--'s gardener and covered .them up carefully until such time as I coilld take costs of them in plaster of paris. Here, also, were marks shliowing that the ladder had been placed against the wall, and on nidumiting the ladder wiflth 'the 'aid of a friendly pear tree, I could see where it had been planted in the lane outside the wall to facilitatd tihe descent of the thie\ies with their-unconscious burden. Hurryingiback to the house, I ques tioned Miss G-'s-:maid, and learned that none of the young lady's wearing apparel was missing, eescept a long, heavy, black cloak. This was further cenfirmation of my theory-if any were needed. Now, the question was, who in the wide world could benefit in any way by such an act ? I was certain that no ordinary thief had-been at work here, for there~ lay untouched on the dressing-table a little heap of sovereigns, which would have proved an irresistible-temptation to any burg Inr of my acquaintance, and I have known ii fewv. ' r. G- iiformed me: thait his daughter had made a will, de-, vising all her money in, equal parts toi her father and brother, her mother having died when she was a~..-child,; but the idea that either of themthad anything to do with her.disappearance wris not to be efitertained for aemo ment. Just as I was about to leave the: house, it occurred to me to inquire the name of the gentleeian to whomoMr,i (;-- had referred as being ani oldi suitor for his daigihter's hand. ,.r. Gb was astonished by my question. ':o possible suspicion can attach itself to him, Mr.: Sharpe,!.>inaidi he 'It vans Herbert Vivian, the well-kn?own capitalist, who wished to marry Nkllie. Helhas been anrintimate friend of burs foir years, and I would almost as soon suspect my own son as him. Eveuithe fact that Nellie refused to become, his wife had made no difference in' hisl friendship.; in fact, he made one of 0our ptty Ilast nighlt, only thkiiig his leave Sfew minutes before eleven;' 'II ccniidt ?igr'e'e vitll yo'i, father, that Vivian is altogether unchanged,' interpaosed P~louii-g Mr.' G~. I have noticed a difference in his manner dur ing the past few months-slight, cer tainly, but, still perceptible. I put it: dowvh to his disappointment, however; nor can I believe that he is in any wvay impliccated in, this teirible,1'ifffairj i• have. anlways fdund him fihe ? soul ofl honour.' " The mention of .Vivian's name-set me thiiekirig. ' There :was `Soiedtling in m. mind about ~him, but what it was I could not for tlihenioment remember. Thln memory came to my assistance, and trotted- o?bttlhe little iiciderit of my meeting with .B3rown:--at Vivifs'. door, which observation I hlad labelled and put away so carefully. It mnny seem preposterous that I should have jumped to a conclusion-.so soon, jaend with so little to workl ohnbuit ?Inssurel you that no sooner did the.recolledtion of the ex-burglar's visit to&Vivian; come back to me than. I -felt; certain ~the latter was the moving .spirit in fiiss G---'s abduction. I-keiit. ry thoughts to Imyself, however; itwoild have been fseless to Voicidthem in that dom panj, and after assuring Mr. G- that' I ~iould make every possible effort to find out his daughter I left the.house to followup'thdclue I'had fdimnd. 31r. G inisisted in sen'dliig me baek in his, carriage, and as I rolled alocig I remembered the handkerchief I ihad fodund in MissG " 's'room , and pulled it ount to examine it more closely.. - he chloroform- had all evaporated, by this tinde, hut in:none-corner I found some thing -hicl'idcouild not fade so easily. So convinced was I of Vivian's ?ilt thit it scarcely surprised mewhen I saw in good indelible markiing inklcthe legend "V. No. 7, surmounted. by.a c'restl. No soonbei had I seeni it than I resolved to make a bold experiment. Pulling the check-strings, I told 'the coachman to drive me to the street-in which -Brown's shop was situated. I left the-carriage some distance from the shop, and proceeded on foot. Brown Swas behind the counter when I entered busily engaged in cutting out a coat,. and. as soondis he saw- me he gave :a jstairt and turmied as pdlh as dea?th. ?ow was the time to strike.- :. ; ' This is a nice mess you've gotyour self :into, 'Billy, I said, sternly. '.You had better donfess your share in it, and tell me wvhere you and your principal have hidden JMiss G- ; or, as sure as my name's Sharpe..I'll give you fifteen yeairs.i' ' But .the scoundrel was not,to be caught so easily. ,Pulling himself:Kto gether with a 'iolenit effort, he said, in a voice which trembled, in spite of him 'lWhlt mess, 1Mr. Sharpe" You ,?ust' be makRig some?-horrible mis take I lnow nothing of ain.y lis G ' Y?od:il have it; tlihe',.'I eplied. ' Come oiit here and hold up your foot.' ' The trembling wretch obeyed with a yery bad grace; but wlhen-he::caiiie out on the floor of the shop-I sawv"that he was wearing slippers. ' Where are'the boots you wore last night ?' said I. 'But hold on; I'll got them myself. Don't you move or I'll stop you effectually ;' and going to the door.whibh communicated: with the livi ing roooms, i klocked loudly. The door was opened by Brown's wife, a good, gentle creature, who had never been a party to her husband's crooked trans actions. I bade her good morning, and told her to .bring me Brown's boots. She looked astonished and2 scared, .but went and .brought themat bnce, saying as she :hhahded < ti.to 'I do hope Bill hasn't been doing anything wrong, Mr.. Sharpe. Oh hylat jwill I and. the eciildrn',.dd. ifihe is taken from me again ?' And the poor wromnl lbit;rt-into ~ears, and co vered her faiice with her apron. 'Don't be a fool, Mary,' said Brown, who.:had,conme -.over to the.door.; ' I woin' get intot b trhb~rie nevert fear. Go inside, and leave Mr. Sharpe and me to; comie to some arrangement.' 'When Mrs. Brown had retired and the door was closed again, Bill turned to me and said--. , . ., ' You needn't bother measuring those. boots, I'll girve in on one condition. There's no use fighting. against you, for you seenli to be the.yerygdevi!him-. self. I'll swear no one saw me last night, and yet herg you are before lli o'clock in the' morning, apparently knowing all about What I~ did 'and 'where I" wrent. It's-uneanny,1' that's wlhat it is.' 'I received Brown's complaint with becomingi modesty,'and said nothing about the handkerchief. There is no thing in.making other people as. wise as yourself.' 'What is your condition ?' I asked. ' Simply thait you let me go scot free,' lhe replied. 'Without my assistance you may possibly get a, conviction against my employer, but you can'never find tihe young lady. I'llhmakle her safety the price of my .own, and until you come to my terms I am as dumb as an oyster. You may give ine twenty years if you choose,but the day that I am sentenced sees the last of Miss c-. She is planted where you never could find her, and the people who are looking after her won't hesitate to ful fil my instructions.' ' What was I to do ? I knew the de termined character of the mlan with whom I had to deal, and I Could.see nothing for it but to comply with his demands. 'It won't.do to find her all at once,' said he, when I had given him my pro mise that no action would be taken against him. 'She must stay where she is for a few days, so-as to allow it to appear that. youhave, had some trouble in working up the ease. You can rest assured that she is safe and comfortable; and will be prodiuced none the wdore for her little trip when the right time comes. Meanwhile you can make a.certaintygof getting the other minm to ?ights.' 'Brown then gave me the history of the whole plot.. It appeared that Vivianhrihad assisted:him tdlset up in business through a spirit of pure philanthropy, and then, when Miss G- had refused to marry him, and the idea of- dbiaining .byh foul means the fortune which he.could not get by fair crossed' his&niind;,.he' remembered the erstwhile burglar, and sending for hlim, offered him £500 to kidnap the heiress, and keep her hidden away until she consented to become M[rs. Vivian. He it ,was who had devised the plan of ehtering Miss G-'s room in such a fashion.as.to lead people to believe that the act was that of some common burgainr, and had.it not been for dropping the telltale handkerchief in his haste to be gone, his designs might possibly have been crowned with success. .Of. course; Brown's evidence wbald hiavt beei' sufficient to convict hiim-;but in" bider -to keep my promise I had to- dispeniise with -thait. -I there fort seh, an-assistanf-to take a cast of the footprints in.,Mr. G-~-~'sgarden, WhileI Imiyself paid a'visit 'to Vitian's house, having first ascertained that he had gone out. I asked for Mr. Vivian's owni man, and having cautioned him that if he said a Word about my visit I wouldimmake it hot "for him, ordered him to conduct.me to his master's room,' and show me whbere his handker chiefs were kept. ?He opened a-drawer, aind there lny a snowy pile fresh from the wash, the top one being an initial ;nand crest precisely similar to the one then reposing in my pocket, the num be bei ngbeng fourteen. I turned them oover one:, .by* :one--thirteen, twelve, eleven, teri;, nine; eight, aha ! the next was six, and I closed the drawer feel "ing'tlinat Mi-.'Vi-ian was as good as convicted. To make assran'cee doubly sure I next measured four pairs of 'boots vhich'stood in a row along the wvall, and found one pair which corres ponded exactly.with the tracks in MJr. G-'s gairden'. Reiterating my cau tion to the:servant, I left the house, arid hurried to'dssure Mr. G--- that his daughter- Was safe,-and would be fourid in a few days, provided only that he kept my information a profound secret... 'Tlie eid Wahs now at hand. For four'-days I waited patiently; then I jidged that the time was ripe for my project, and instructed Brown to bring or send Miss 'G- to a certain place that:evening. I found her waiting me in company with a veiled woman, who hurried- away without speaking as soon as I-relieved her of her charge. When'"Iintroduced myself- to Miiss G--. and told her I had come to con duet her to her home, she nearly faint ed ,with joy. Calling a cab, I placed her in-it, and drove with.her to her father's house. ,I will draw a veil :over the meeting between these loving hearts, and pass to a more unpleasant theme. Driving straight to Mr. Vivian's house, I found.him.at dinner,.annd,\:alked un announced intd his presebice.. ' WYhat does this' intrusion mean ?' hlie demanded angrily. ' Who are you, sir, and .what do you want ?' 'My .~ainme is .Sharpe,' I'replied; 'I am a detective. and I arrest you on' a charge of burglariously entering the lhouse of Mr. G-. and forcibly ahb ducting his daughter.' ' He'seemed-half sturined by the shock, adndl sat staring ,it ine as if I vere a ghost.: ' '?My God,' he exclaimed at last, and hen relapsed into a silence which re nained unbroken till hle 'was lodged in he cells. A strong bar was engaged for the defence, but a few days before he! trial he sent for me and made a clean breast of the whole business, saying that he would plead guilty, and thus endeavour to expiate, his crime. ae anlfo desired:that his naccomplice should remain unpunished, as he had ~ily .succumbed to 'a great temptation after a lot :of persuasion." I did not tell him that I knew anythinig about Brown, but.promised that'his wishes should be fulfilled. Miss G- refused to say a word as to where or with whom she had been hidden, saying that slhe had given h'er word of .honour to remain silent on the subject. Mr. G- has treated .me very handsomely, and'says I am the most wonderful man on earth, but you who, are. ehind the scenes know that tliere ?nas nothing marvellous diboit tlie affair, and that m'y.success was due simply io a little memodry and a little observation, com bined With 'just tihe -ileast daish of bounce. 1By Jove ! it's midnight. What a fellow you are to talk, to be sure. Good-night." And Mr. Sharpe laughed genitilly. as he sunithed up his hat and departed. The. camel, is the only animal that can not swlm It is an extiraordinary fact thattthe moment it loses its footing in a stream it turns over. and makes no effort to save itself from drowning. ' A new kind of rubber plant has been discovered in the Congo regions. The sap that becomes converted into rubber is con tained in its roots. In fasting feats the sects of Jains In India is far ahead of all rivals. Fasts of ..om 30 to 40 days are very common, andl once a year they are said to abstain from food for 75 days. 