CREDULITY. . ('Spectator.')' On the .whole, we may say, the nui versal tendency of mankind is towards belief; by which Aye mean that men will generally hold some, proposition not obviously, ridiculous to be true, or some alleged fact not inherently impossible to have taken place, rather than adopt the attiude of contradiction. . This ten dency of mankind to believe has been the mainstay of charlatanry, as it has been the support of religion. It seems as though nature could not provide for the progress of the race without con constantly risking unfortunate, or even bad, results. Thus the very continu ance of the race on the planet involves in the ayera^1;huim.f^-','b^mg:-a-/CCTtaih1 ovei'mastering; passion- which- is}, though needful, apt to lead, -in^ millions' of ^in- stances, to; ( the imosfc ) appalling traged ies. The]'quite.'-Hnh6ce'nt praving /for liquid which shall ;aliy thirsti.mvolves ail the horrors of drunkenness. ??'?'- The keys of knowledge Open 'up' the dark by ways of crime a&well;'W.thegreatraV'eniies^bf industry and,virtue.i -^grta|:piace.;h!as to.be paid, in;8hort^for'leyery/| grainf1;^ and in no field of humaa/Kfe.'-'Mfei'tlie price been higher, the /risk-'idken,' more serious, than in ^thefmafcter ]6i vthe'feSpiir city of, main1 for belief., ^^Bac^^ith his usual'.' wi-sdqmj ' expres'se:d.iwhat ^every' re- flecting man .will icohfif jn' ,' ; ' when ; he Se ?'?'??-? ?'? ?? ? ' ?/- :'-'' -'? '?-?. ?-:??? '?'_.}. ' clared that he would rather believe all the fables in the Talmud or the Koran than deny the being' of the Universal Mind. That is to say, better religion with the risk of Avidespread superstition than 'the 'barren deserts of negation. ?Fortunately, man is so constituted that he can never wander in those deserts long. But the most interesting pro blem ,,.? -with . reference to the prevailing . aptitude for credulity is:' Why does unreasonable be lief persist,' even in civilised nations and among .many persons who are by no means fools in wordly affairs, after the progress of culture and the many ex posures of fraud and superstition of which the records of the world are full? England is a'highly civilised country with centuries of culture, with ingrained hab its of investigation, shrewd of bargain ing, rich in aphorisms of wordly wisdom, with hundreds of newspa-pers, and mil lions of books, and tens of thousands of schools, and yet, with, all this back ground of history and all this mighty apparatus of knowledge, we all know that, once a popular delusion is started, it will race through the land like flame over a prarie, claiming millions as its victims. The most superficial ghost stories are greatly swallowed, the alleg ed healing powers of some quack, if sufficiently advertised, are believed. Boston is the most cultivated city in America, and yet there are whole streets in that city given over to 'mediums,' ?who make a good living by professing to cure deseases and to foretell the future.; and it is difficult to take up an Ameri can daily paper Avithout -.seeing adver tisements of wizards and astrologers, showing1 that the mental attitude of the Middle Ages— nay, of ancient 'Baby- lon or Judaea — .has not ceased lo exist in the world's most uiodernAnd most progressive nation. It seems 1 hat we may find the most advanced Mechanical progress side by side with the eogir in stinct to gulp down all manner ci dciu siA-e quackeries; as in Paris iu the last century Cagliostro was the coateinponuy of Voltaire. There is a passage in Amiel which we should .always do well to keep in mind: 'If you would think well of men do not expect too much from them.' Now, it is probable that one chief reason of the shock of surprise which comes over a cultivated man Avhen he hears of some raging delu sion which is abroad is that he expects too much of the mass of men. That is to say, that he expects too much from their reason. The reasoning powers of the average man are fairly good Avhen you supply him. with the bases and facts. If he sees smoke he can infer a fire ; and in a simple, direct way, he can argue out any matter in which he feels interest. But put before him a more complex case, in which alleged facts are not to be taken for granted or hypothesis con structed Avithout a sufficient base, and how feeble he becomes! It has been pointed out again and again by various writers that the theory that there has been real intellectual progress in the world is one of very doubtful validity. We have progressed in social efficiency, in the multiplication of contrivances for making life easier, in our grasp of an ever-increasing repertory of facts; but what we know of ancient Babylon and Greece compels us to doubt whether the human mind has really become mare powerful as human life has opened out on the planet. The men avIio Avere capable of appreciating the logio and eloquence of Demosthenes were, certain ly, from the intellectual- point' of view, a higher people than the higher items thai compose a London jury. In short, we must realise the fact that, whatever may be the determining factor in Avhat we call progress, it is not, so far as can be discovered, a progressively deepen ing intellect. ' 