ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. MEDICAL. BY " OUR DOCTOR." Blackheads, St. Kilda, ar.ks: — l. A simple way to remove blackheads from tbe nose of a young man (21). 2. For information as to cer tain pills for impurity of the blood and ner- vousness.— 1. Batlie the parts frequently with .warm water and soft soap. Then apply vigor ous friction with a rough towel, after which smear on a little sulphur ointment; also take a little sulphur internally each day. 2. The pills you enquire about are certainly good for anoemia. as they coutaiu iron and arsenic. Answer to M'C's question In last Issue. J)athe the hands frequently during the day with borac.ic acid lotion, then dust all over with finely powdered boric acid, and wear a thin nail- of cloves Also take a little, sulnhm- in- ternally and attend to tbe general health and habits. Anxious One, Richmond.— Take the following medicine three times a day:— Sulphate ot iron, 2, grains; sulphate of magnesia, GO grains; bro mide of potash, 20 grains; chloroform water, loz. 11\. W.. Carlton. — Take the medicine advised to Anxious One, Richmond, just preceding. Hopeful, Melbourne, writes:— I am 19 years old, aud for somo time past have suffered from pains in the region of the heart, sometimes be low and sometimes above the heart, also under the left shoulder blade. Is it injurious to ride a bicycle, which 1 have done for IS months?— Your troubles are all probably due to disor ders of digestion, but there may be In addition some organic heart disease. This latter can be determined only by personal examination, and your wisest plan is to attend for examination at one of the hospitals before indulging in vio lent exercise. Rheumatics asks if it is safe to. lake turpen tine internally, and, if so, how much at a time? I was going to take some to sec if it would cure stiff joints, arising from rheumatism. 1 have used it externally, and it eases the pain a good deal. — The remedy taken internals will not improve your' condition. Continue ih< external applications, and take the foiiowinj. medicine thrice daily:— Iodide of potash, K grains; sal volatile, 15 drops; water, loz. Reader suffers from dyspepsia and debility and asks as to diet. — You should, if possible, continue taking the mdicinc previously or dered. Cold bathing will do you good. Yor. should eat meat only once a day, and then ai a meal during which no tea is taken. Aboriginal writes:— I have a son who ha- been subject to a disagreeable cough for eigh or nine years.— Take the . following medicin- when the cougli is troublesome:— Ipecacuanbr wine. 19 drops; sal volatile, 15 drops; com pound tincture of camphor, 30 drops; tinctun of squills, 29 drops; spirit of cether, 20 drops infusion of senega to make loz. Quid Nunc.— 1, Yes. 2. Take the medicine advised to Anxious One, Richmond, in to-day's issue of this paper Sufferer Jtsks for a cure for ringworms or. S.rms Sllll ovoiiiUno ithniil 9 (nifiine duration about three weeks.— Apply the follow ing ointment to the affected parts each night and morning: — Chrysarobin, 5 parts; salicylic acid, 2 parts; icthyol, 5 parts; simple ointment, 100 parts. Robur asks:— What is the most nourishing food for a person in delicate health, caused by the lungs heiug affected? 2. Are .lemons good in such a casej 3. I perspire at night a. great deal. Is there anything I can take to stop it being excessive?— 1. Take plenty of maltinp- and cod liver oil, good rich soups, plenty cf milk and the white easily digested meats, .with farinaceous puddings, are the most suitable diets. 2. Yes, but not in excess. 3. Take the following pill each evening:— Oxide of zinc, 3 grains: atropine, 1-100 of a grain; confcct of roses. 2 grains D.J. is 60 years old. and suffers from wind, poor appetite, and cannot sleep or rest.— Take the following medicine a quarter ot an hour after each meal: — Bicarbonate of potash, lc grains; infusion of gentian, loz. I.S.D. wants a cure for prickly heat. — Bathe the parts frequently with lead lotion, or with vinegar and water. In addition taS lowing medicine thrice daily;— SulpBtlvof magnesia, GO grains; dilute. sulphuric acid. 10 drops; glycerine, 30 drops; water to make loz. Anxious Annie asks for full particulars about the electrolysis operation for removing the hair from the face, and a remedy for the hair falling out.— 1. You must personally consult a surgeon, he being the only person competent to perform the operation properly. 2. Obtain from the nearest chemist some "luumentum crinale," and apply this night ana morning after carefully washing and drying lie scalp Poor Subscriber writes: — I. I am troubled about -my heart. It beats three or four times and then misses a beat, I am in excellent health otherwise, and am 21 years of age. Please tell me the cause, and also the remedy. 2\. What inexpensive measure should I take, to remove a had odor arising from decayed teeth? — l. It is impossible to advise you without ex amination. You must -- personally consult a medical man. 2. Consult the nearest dentist, and have all decayed ieeth removed. Hopeful, Castiemainc.— Take the medicine ad vised to Anxious One, . Richmond, in to-day's issue of this paper. Marguerite writes:— My little boy and girl, aged 4 and 5% years respectively, have these last six or seven weeks got very pale and thin. .Tliey do net seem sick, only they will not eat unless forced. The hoy especially is very lan guid, and sweats terribly at nights. Previous ly he was a fine stout, rosy child, who was never ill. I may mention I think he is now troubled with thread worms. At times there is no trace of color in his face. The little girl was never stout, but at present she is like a little ghost. I have been giving them mostly milk food and plenty of milk to drink. Would wine do any good? If you will kindly tell me what to do, and what kind of food is suitable, 1 will be exceedingly obliged. — Con tinue the milk food regularly, and in addition give the children a little cod liver oil and mal- tine internally, also some "Fellows syrup of hypopbosphites." The thread worms will gra dually disappear by seeing that the bowels arc regularly opened daily, and also using twice a day au injection of salt and water into the lower bowel. Kola, Melbourne. — Take tbe following mix ture three times a day after meals:— Citrate of iron and ammonia, 5 grains; sal volatile. 15 drops; tincture of nux vomica. 5 drops; spirit of chloroform, 20 drops; water to make loz. Anxious. Swift's Creek, writes; — Last week I was stung on the arm by what thc-y call a "juniper," a kind of ant, which jumps when aroused, dark in color, with two yellow prongs or feelers in its head, and about the size of the ordinary house ant. About five minutes after I was bitten I felt a tingling sensation going up my arm, which passed through my whole body, which was immediately covered with a mass of white lumps, accompanied by a fearful itching. My lips and face also swel led, my lips especially swelling to an enormous size, so great, indeed, lliat 1 could scarcely speak audibly. After about half an hour the lumps gradually disappeared, when my body became as red as fire, still itching very much. This gradually wore away, but my lips were ivvollc-n until next morning. I feel as right as ever now, but am afraid of being bitten again, s tliero are hundreds of them where 1 am working. I have often been stung by tliem before, but tliey never took any effect beyond i slight swelling. I was very hot during the lay before. What do you think was the cause if it ? Is my blood out of order, or do you think i was stung on a vein?— You undoubtedly re ceived a good dose of poison from the ant, which was quickly absorbed into the system, iu future immediately apply some alkaline pre paration, such as lig. potassac or ammonia (tbe iiiue bag is a good domestic remedy), then .over over with a hot foment. Itching will be relieved by bathing with lead lotion or vinegar. A good dose of Epsom salts should be taken at nee. H„ North Fitzroy. asks for a cure for dan druff in the head.— Cleanse the head with warm water and soft soap each evening, then careful ly dry the scalp and rub in the following oint ment: — Precipitated sulphur, 30 grains: lano- iine, loz. 