BOOKS AND THINGS. (Br "QUID NUNC") The death of Major Kemp, which occurred on April 15th, 1898, will have little significance to many people in Australia, but to old New Zealanders in all parts of the world the stirring times of '48 and '60-the struggle between the Government and Kingites, and the war in the Waikato will recur. The notable figures of the Maori rebellion, the frightful atrocities of O po ti ki, and the massacre of Poverty Bay, the hideous figure of old Kereopa and the infamous acts of Te Koo ti will occur to them. Fortunately as- sociated in their minds will be the brave support of faithful Maori chiefs and their tribes, among whom Major Kemp will always be remembered with gratitude. * # # Kemp, whose Maori name was Kepa, took part in many engage- ments, and was regarded as the best native officer in New Zealand. In appearance he had few signs of the Maori about him, and was uu tatooed, having, in addition, a very bushy beard, an unusual thing at ail for a Maori, and in his Imperial uniform he was really a striking figure. The many actions Kepa took part in always characterised him as a man of judgment and courage, qualities highly essential in all warfare, bat more particu- larly in the guerilla warfare which was carried on in New Zealand. The Maoris showed themselves masters of the art of strategic war- fare, and preferred fighting their battles in the dense overhung ravines and gorges which abound in the island, entrenched behind their casements and palisades or defending a well-built "pab" than in the open ground. Often, indeed, were the unwary English troops led into the midst of an ambush, -only to awaken to a sense of their position by the whizzing of bullets and blood-curdling yells. This was the warfare the Maori heart delighted in, and the mortality among our troops would have been infinitely more severe but for the loyal assistance of many Maori .chiefs and their knowledge of Maori character. * # # The Maori troubles id New Zea- land were not dne so much to -^-discontent generally, but through the scheming of their half-civilised ?chiefs. The Government had entered into a treaty with them whereby they were acknowledged as the lords of the soil, and on the other hand the Maoris agreed to sell their land as the Government required it for the purposes of the Europeans. This treaty was readily agreed to by the Maoris, . and as these lands were so much waste to their minds, hundreds of acres were disposed of for a blanket or gun or other inexpensive article. * * # But the wily aborigine soon awoke to the fact that the settlers placed an exaggerated value, to them, on the country thus alien- ated, and, influenced by their chiefs, finally elected a kiug and refused to part with any more land. The result of course was compulsion, and for some time the issue was doubtful, the prophets of \- the Maoris having gained snch sway over their followers. These prophets were perhaps the greatest trouble of all, for they readily imbibed the teaching of the British settlers ; learnt the Bible by heart, and schemingly applied the teaching to themselves. Te Whiti, one of the most trouble- some, on being asked by his com- panions, " Who is behind you," answered fluently, " There is no one behind me ; I am the Father, I am the Son, I am the Holy Ghost." the result may be im- agined on the minds of the super- stitious Maoris who had received religious teaching from the mis- sionaries. They evolved, in fact, a new faith for themselves, differ- ent in essentials to theii? previous faith, and gained thousands of followers. ». * * * But now, Te Whiti, Te Kooti, Kereopa, Titokowaru, and other turbulent spirits are dead, and the Maoris themselves begin to ap- preciate that their's is a dying race, and accept the fact philo- sophically. There were, of course, many loyal natives who consist- ently supported the claims and -carried arms for the British, and in the death of Major Kemp the older supporters in life are alßo getting fewer and fewer. * * # Apropos of an expressed pre- ference for Arctic travelling rattier i than Atlantic Ocean promenading, the blasé man or woman of the world in quest of " fresh fields " and accompanying excitement« should endeavour to join a search party for the balloonist Andraé, or Sir George Newnes' Antartic Expedition. Dr. Nansen,in "His Farthest North," depicts some of the enjoyments in store. The same shirt must be worn month' .after month. In this way suffi- cient fat is obtained for cooking a dinner, and to eat, and drink, and sleep are the main joys of life. Nansen's party feasted on seals' flesh, walrus blubber, and savoury soup, " as long as they could find a place to stow it," says he. " The food is agreeable to the taste, and we like it better and better- The human being becomes a happy animal, which eats as long as it can keep its eyes open, and goes to sleep with food in its mouth." " Then, drinking ! Well, we think we enjoy that now, but they drank quarts of water;, felt themselves swell within and without after the operation. It was a truly divine pleasure to drink to the very end of one's thirst." But it wasn't Perth water ! And this is life in the Arctic regions ! Now, we pre- fer Australia and tin dog. * * * Rudyard Kipling had barely landed in Cape Town when he was presented with an " Experi- ment in Imitation " by a genuine Tommy. It is decidedly Kipling esque in tone, and might have originated from Kipling's own pen : " I suppose you know this station, for you sort of keep in touch With a Tommy wheresoever he may go; An' you know our 'bats a shandy, made of 'Ottentot and Dutch. Ifs a language which is 'ideous and low, Don't you know, That its " Wacht-een-beitje ' 'stead of ' arf a Mav ? * We should like to come an' meet you, but we can't without a pass ; Even then we'd 'ardly like to make a fuss, For out 'ere they've got a notion that a Tommy isn't class ; 'E's a sort of brainless animal or wuss ! Vicious cuss! No, they don't expect intelligence from us. You 'ave met us in the tropics, you 'ave met us in the snows, But mostly in the Punjab an' the 'ilk; Yon 'ave seen us in Mauritius, where the naughty cyclone blows ; You 'ave met us underneath a sun that kills. And we grills ! An' I ask you, do we fill the blooming bills? Since the time that Tommy's uniform was masketoon and wig, There 'as always been a bloke that 'ad a way Of writin' of the glory an' forgettin' the fatig, 'Oo saw 'im in 'is tunic day by day, Smart and gay, An9 fergot about the smallness of the pay! But you're our particular author, you're our patron, an' our friend. You're the poet of the cuss word and the swear ; You're the poet of the people, where the red-mapped lands extend ; You're the poet of the jungle an' the lair, An' compare To the ever-speaking voicft of every- where. Kipling must look out for his laurels. 