Ctaumlss. Mild. Close. Cyclorama. Cape to Cairo. Theatre Royal. Assembly ouly. "Harbour Lights."' Anarchism in Italy. A new policc uniform. Some more rain wanted. The dream of Cecil Rhodes. Hypotism and faith-healing. Chief Secretary in hot water. Fair at the Port this afternoon. M ill the Rhodesia n scheme r/a v ' Council adjourned till Tuesdav. Melodrama at the Theatre Roval. \- "Sam Weller"' at tbe competition. Rome off to Loudon this afternoon. Lively scenes in the Spanish Cortes. Crete coming once more to the front. Barometer at 10 o'clock to-dav. 30.30. Anti-Italian riots in Austiia-liungarv. \oung Australia t.o the front to-night. Fir?I Public School Concert to-night. A pleasant excursion to Happy Yallev. Barton v. Sydney Smith on September 23. Public Schools' Decoration Nocietv's concert. Literary Societies' annual competition to night. A thousand voices in tbe Exhibition to night. Abolition cf Victorian stock tax advocated. Hamlet's Ghost aft the Town Hall to night. A tough light between Barton and SvJnev Smith. .Three "American warships ordered to Manila. Johnny Gordon knows all about Chamberlain. Incoming mail steamer at Albany last evening. Turkey will not withdraw her troops from Crete. Barton, if returned, believes that h« can crp'size Reid. " " A King wanted in Samoa. A chance for our Premier. Apple of theological discord thrownamong the Foi- estprs. His Excellency will preside at the Town Hall to-night. Sublime Porte inclined to resist the action if the Powers. Literary Societies' fifteenth annual competition to-niglil. Syrian* had no difficulty in landing at Port Melbourne. ^ Dreyfus etise causing dissension in the Fieneli Cabinet. J-iiflemen having their annual festival at the Port Ranges. • At the Town Hall to-night there will be an Organ Recital. Railway Commissioners having a. Con ference in Sydney. Dividend of 5 per ceut. in the Parkside 1 lam way Company. The bankrupt Earl of Rosslyn lived at the rate of £25,000 a year. The Knight of BaVossa. and the Right Hon. crossed swords again. Stormy scene in the Assembly yesterdav over the Early-Closing Bill. Hutchison, M.P.. appointed a member of tho State Children's Council. Sir John said that the Premier talked inb_bii.il every day of his life. United States indisposed to allow Turkey to ignore her responsibilities. The yoimn brigade of our Public Schools wjjl sing "The Old Brigade" J'lie great political fight in New South Wales on Fridav, September 23- Wife of the late Hon. John Tuthill Bagot a former Attorney-General, dead. Now that the election? are approaching certain people getting obsequious. Illustrated Show Supplement to "Tbe Adelaide Observer" on Saturday. Emperor of Germany to be present at the funeral of the Empress of Austria. The Shannon should make a splash in the Murray with'the Warooka's boiler. Nearly 4,000 tons of lead was landed in England from Australia last month." Duncan says that the Zulu, though savage, is one of Nature's gentlemen. Auicric-a to bo represented at the Czar's International Disarmament Conference. Sun rose at 5.50 a.m.; sets at 5.37 p.m Jloon rose at, 5 a.m.: sets at 4 57 p.m Soldiers, sailors, ambulance corps, gipsies, and niggers at the Exhibition tp-night Victorian rabbits bringing l}d. more in the London market than New Zealanders". For a wonder, the debate jn the Lejrisla live Council yesterday was lively aud interesting. South Australian Customs Department admits having made a mistake over the Syrians. Hypnotic suggestion is one of tlie most mysterious of all mental or nervous phenomena. Five more anarchists arrested on a chaise of being concerned iu the late assassination. There has been a muddle about refusing tbe Syrians to land at Adelaide. Who. is the culprit? "I am entitled to precede Sir Richard Baker at anv public function," says the. Hon. Ebby. Except for a war dance, the practice of the "light fantastic toe" has ceased at the Albert Hall. Governor of Candia, given 48 hours to comply with the request of the English Rear- Admiral, lire Produce Export Department last week shipped 5.700 gallons of wine and 63.264 rabbits. Count Almenas said tliat Weyler, Blanco, and Cervera "deserved to be '"strangled with their own sashes."' Attempt to poison the Emperor and Crown Prince of; Corea. Eleven courtiers arrested on suspicion. Some Sydney politicians don't approve of Ministers running away on election jaunts during the session. The Salvationists have acquired a splendid position and ample accommodation in their new purchase. Uncle Sam calling the Turks to account' owing to American subjects' losses in the Armenian massacres. Council carping about "privilege of de bate T ' forsooth. The public would esteem itt privilege to bear one. Perhaps, as the French Cabinet* are loth to give Dreyfus a fair trial, the best thing to do would be to set him at liberty. Result of education displayed by boy who, on seeing men working on a tramline by night, said, "Look at them blacklegs." Electoral roils will soon be in the hands of the printer. He who considers it infra dig for his name to appear has just time to get it scratched off. On Saturday an illustrated supplement, giving views of events in connection with last week's splendid exhibition at the Show of the Royal Agricultural Society, will be issued wit!) "The Observer." Mr. Castine challenged the Attorney- General to say whether the tomato was a fruit or a vegetable. This calls to mind the old story:—"Will ye have an onion, Mrs. Mulcahy?" "No, thankee, ma'am, 1 don't ate fruit." On Tuesdav morning, at tbn Corporation Hide Saleyards, Mr. John Bennett, Manager of the Co-operative Hide Company, sold one hide weighing 100 lb. iu a fresh slaughtered condition at the price of 73s. Messrs. John Reid & Son were the buyers. Batchelor—They should give the country districts the opportunity of establishing early closing. Mr. Solomon—How oft the means to do ill deeds makes ill deeds done. Mr. Batchelor—The hon. member ought to know. He is a member of the Opposition, for instance. Exponents of the new theory of hypnotism assert, that when a patient looks upward at any article held in one position by the hvpnotiser, and remains stationary in that attitude for a little time, the pressure of a certain bone so acts on the cerebrospinal nerve connection as to produce ?n it numbness or temporary paralysis. In other words, the link of communication between the natient's own will and the nerves which usually obey it is placed in partial suspense. , . If Mr. Gordon thought any member of the Ministry had insulted the Council he could find a" more effectual way of punishing him than firing blank cartridge at, one else at the other end of the world. (Sir E. T. Smith—"Blank cartridge is better than none at. all."l No: if he wanted to injure a man he would put a bullet in him. (Ho-u. E. Ward—"The Premier has fired blank cartridge. ) Aud he would not waste time firing it back at him. L*t the Council punish hun if Unwanted to resenti an insult. (Hon. J. H. Howe—"How can Ve do it? ) By objecting to his Minister conducting the business of the Council. (Hon. J. II. Howe— "He insults UP every week by saying we are the shambles where the innocents are slaughtered.") 