t DAY BY DAY. ' "It wis riot, necessary .for women, to be learned or. clever lri prder to be useful." Thus a speaker /ati, a : recent fpfegatherlng'. rif .trie local W.C.T.U. judging; from certain of trie proceedings of, the W.C.T.U. one might al most have /surmised that" the foregoing was an article of -faith with some members there of. . with u.tihost'humlllty. It is now.f.espeet- fully,; suggested that : the .'theory ls.;imperfeot,'. even considered as h female theory. Granted .a. woman may be: extremely, useful, without possessing 11 partiele. of, the learning of the schools, Tliere/ liave: beeli . and are - women, almost totally, llil terute;i.whbjhavri; uieverthu- less, been benefactions, and benedictions to till brought within, the sphere of their Influ ence. But. there hev,er was, and never will be lh this; sad -world; k woman of the slight est use tp herself , or others, ..uulqss; she was or is H tactful w.oman, : 'And the possession,, of tact argiies the very b'est species of clever ness. Tiiet' teaches the possessor when aiid' how to spenk the helpful or warning, word, and , in such a way. as , to make :lt, acceptable. Nothing Js easlori nothing more useless, than to be a' tolce crying lit the wilderness— a voice to Which none pay heed. The' equip ment, mental and 1 moral,-' possessed in . these days by, ;the greut majority of the females who pose as social reformers .seems, unhap pily, to be of the scantiest,. 1 Slgn'or Succi;has' acooiriplished'a.'fast of 33 days. Thus the cable. .-'As, however, Slgnor Succi was generally supposed to liave;, been dead some ' years ' ngo.'i the if cai'fdiesiri'ot ap pear extraordinary enough to be cabled round ihe world. There Is nothing, as far as the living," with' their Imperfect knowledge- of- the habits of deceased persons can" tell, remark-' able in a remains fasting for 33, or 133, days. Of .course,, tills may be n perfectly fresh Sued. The' name sounds foolish 'enough to be borne by quite a number "of firsV-chiss, Idiots. Even, in that enrie, .however,, the transaction, seems to, be nothing to boast ariout.'. Hud Slgnor Succi, In 33 days, .'wrestled '. with, enormous quantities, of tripe, or consumed untold legs of muttoii, lie would have been entitled to in dulge in self-glorification. ..because. In such enterprise, he ivouiu nave exhibited a marvel lous gift for athletics: , -By fasting, for; trie- period named he lins done nothing more won derful than if he. had engaged to eat the holes out of an immense quantity, say, of nv-at- puddlngs, /after some other donkey had first consumed' all tlio crust', meat, tind gravy. As regards fasting, the most; stupid cf all birds, the common or domestic variety of hen, could have ben ten him 'easily/'' while Sue el wouldn't have' been' in It With any self-re specting' corpse that wasn't a ghost in the' habit of robbing larders. -. - A Victorian gentleman, responding to it, toast at a banquet, at the -teetotal settlement, of Mlldura (Vic.), -remarked that- a Govern ment was "tlie - most successful - sin-creating - machine that human ingenuity liad devlsed." He went on to explain that "multiplication of laws meant multiplication" of sins." The gentleman referred to obviously i confounded terms.' There Is an enormous, difference- be tween "crime" and - "sin." - He should have used the former word, for the simple reason that a vast number" of crimes at law, so far from being sins against; morality 1 or religion, are really virtues, at. least judged by any other code than that of political lawyers, with a keen "weather eye lifting to the chances of itradc. Nevertheless,- desplte -this little confusion of language, the speaker hugged an eternal and axiomatic truth.,' "Let me make the laws, nnd I will keep your prisons full," anld some celebrated man— or he-ought- to have said it. The writer bad once tlie fe licity of hearing Sir George Grey publicly discnurse, in Mnorlland, on this very subject. "Why, they boast, actually boast, of the num ber of statutes they have added to the book!" said the dear old man. "Wliy, do you know, they liuve made the killing of a rabbit a penal offence, so that a -boy wbp killed vermin rniglit be imprisoned— or a.glnl ! Just fancy, your daughter, your dear little maiden daugh ter, being torn from your aruis and Immured in a dungeon for killing a "rabbit!— and' re member she .might be equally maltreated for letting a rabbit go!" Tli'en '.we "of the au dience wept for the little daughter we had not, and Sir George, "one" referer"1.' siay-'f '/' he was a past master in' the' art of stirring up a popular audience— probably grinned. But both he -and 'the MiUlui'tt .m'anvare right. "We nre smothered by too riiuch lawyer-made law! It is stated sotnewliere that Mr. Nat Gould, the distinguished writer who rcels-off fiction with horses thrown In, also jockeys, and mounted Amazonlaris, has just uccepted . ;a contract to supply his publishers with four new novels during , the course of the ensuing- twelve months.- This alone Is sufficient indi cation of the vast literary advance of the age. Why, some of the stupid old writers actually spent a lifetime In, writing one work— and then destroyed It, because they felt the work manship lacked finish. But' your modern Nat Gould gets an order for four books .within twelve months, and there -Is no doubt lie will turn them out in the very highest style of modern art, and, If he only likes io put on a spurt, it is highly, possible that he could es tablish a record, nnd turn out six deathless novels In the period!" It is more than pro bable that the really up-to-date fictlonist will, ere long, be arile to dictate -half a score of novels at one nnd the same time, just as some phenomenal chess players. conduct a number- of simultaneous games. It is all a matter of practice; , And; really, when you-read some latter-day novels, the suspicion seems justi fied that they were written In mile lengths,, and so many yards were out off, as publishers wanted them. Some follow will yet assault the literary market with a machine for the manufacture of novels. ZED. 