COMING INTO HARBOUR i A DEATH 0OENE. A pence celestial lies upon my soul As though the Dove of Henven had spread its wings . And folded its tierce passions unto rest— Such peace as sleeps nt sunrise on the sea , .When night's wild storm is over, and the wave . Steals like a lover o'er the shining sands ^ ^ .. To whisper its sweet secrets to tne shore. , , 0 ! Peace Divine; grey with the itriefs of years, And weary with their travail, let me sleep Like some lone barque upon the tlironbing tide That rocks it in the haven, far from the roar Of wind and billow on the warring main, . Secure at last upon the slumbering wave . 1 lie at anchor: the loud pelting storms And pitiless hail of fortune rend no more The ragged sail of lite : the wild unrest Of frenzied youth and all its fevered dreams Consume no more. I see along the strand, Strewn by the drifting tide, the wreck of hopes Once beautiful, and memory—a sad ghost- Walks in the moonlight o'er the whitening beach, Where they lie buried in the salt sea sand As old Ulysses by the wandering foam Of Aegean waters, dreaming of the past. Peace to their shades ; proudly they rode at morn With streaming pennants glittering in the sun, The crest of gleaming billows ; strong and brave, Then struck and sank and perished : let them be, The furrows of the sea are in my face, And every rugged furrow marks a grave. But all is o'er—the glory, the despair— My peace is made with earth and all its woe; Man may forget the past, when God forgives. And God is with me ; I can feel His hand : The unseen hand that, held the guiding helm Through all the storms of life's longtroubled deep. In the sweet calm of death I see it now, And move Into the haven with a smile. My sun is sinking, but I kept the faith ; And faith, sure pilot of the setting sun, Like you, bright star of evening, leads me home To lie upon God's bosom, and so rest. The lotus-dream that lures in endless quest The wandering heart o'er all the weary seas Is God at last: I sleep within His arms Like some tired child upon its mother's breast. And if I start in slumber at the dreams That haunt me with their terror, His calm eyes Dispel the fleeting shadow with their smile, And draw all Heaven around me. Angel's wings Brush by me in the stillness, and the gleam Of eyes seraphic light the gathering gloom. The day breaks all around me ; I am dying, . - • . . And through the mist of dea^i f'Jee^ - the dawn. / ; J. .T. MAT/BFJEY- Carlton. A recent number of the " Wbi'ld \ contains a personal sketch 'of Lorik Rathdonnell. The title and estates of L'lsnavagh, in, Carlow, and Drumcar, in Louitli, passed to him in 1879, on the death of his uncle. Representing the better class of resident Irish landlords, he busies himself in the administration of county affairs in his capacity as H.M. Lieutenant for County Carlow, D.L. for County Louth, and as magistrate. The' management of his estates, the breeding of high-class shorthorns and weightcarrying hunters, and the various duties which his prominent position on the Irish turf entails form his principal avocations. Lord Rathdonnell comes of a family noted for its sporting proclivities, and his own achievedents have been conslderable ; in rowing, athletics, foofball, and cross- #>!intry riding. 