NOVELIST. My Lady's Revenge. e By E, GARRISON JONES. o OHAPTEB XXxIV. (Co0nTrIuED) tn ants same February afternoon the late s rainwhich entered the small town nearest to Aberdedno Lodge put down a solitary pasenger-a little maiden, closely wrapped and hooded, and oarrying a small valise in dher hand. She stands an instant on the wet comfort. lass platform, looking with keen bright n eyes; then, gathering her wind-tossed cloak n more closely, she makes her way into the e heart of the dreary little town. e A publia-hosne with the image of the t braen lion on its swaying sign attracts bes notice, and she walks briskly up the weather-beaten steps and in at the open door. " Well, miesie," says the landlord, strog ' sling briskly to his dumpy legs, "what can 0 Idoforyonu " 1; "I wish to know in what direetion I can it find Aberdndno Lodge," replies the little a- maid, speaking in broken English, tr " Aberdndno Lodge I" he repeats, emerg. n ing from behind his bar. "Well, my pretty 9 miss, H you'll just step out I'll show you the old place. You can see it plainly enough, And a regular old ghost nest it is," He makes his way to the door and Jonsie for it is she-follows him. "That's the place, my dear," he says, pointing one stubby finger towards a huge black pile on the summit of a se.washed cliff. Josie looks at the grim old structure with bright and fearless qe. "Now, can you get me a caeriage to drive np there?" the asks presently. The landlord expresses his astonishment in a prolonged whistle. " Why, what does is mean I"heeaysa-" so many pretty-faced women.folks going up there. What does it mean t-that's what I want to know. It was only two days ago that another laess was here alter a con. vayance up to Aberdndno. I sent her up and that was the last of it; she did not come back. Maybe Bluebeard lives up there in them black turrets. Who knows? No, in. deed,my dear, I can't think of each a thing as sending you to that old ghost.trap at this hour; you can stay here at the Golden Lion to.night if you like, and I may manage it in the morning." He puts out his fat hand to pat the girl's shoulder. She draws back with flashing eyes, and almost falle into the arms of a ycnog gentleman who has just come up the s:eps. "Why, Dobbs, my good fellow, what's this l" demands the new-comer, before JosiS recovers her breath sufficiently to speak. The dumpy landlord trne round in evident eonsternation, "Ah, it's you, Sir Arthur, is it I" he cries, m an apologetic voioe; "Had no thought of seeing you back so soon. Glad to see you, though, Sir Arthur. There's a good fire in the parlor. Come in, sir,pleasse." Mr. Dobbs ignores the pretty, indignant damsel altogether, and directs his attention solely to Sir Arthur, as he has been called; but Sir Arthur himself looks towards her with admiring glanoss. "I beg your pardon," he ventures to say, after some hesitation ; "but il I Ean be of any service to you, it will give me pleasure." Josie gives Sir Arthur one swilt, sharp lock, and she sees at a glance that the man before her is a gentleman. She makes a quaint curtesy, that strikes theyoung baronet as being grace itself. " I thank you, monsieur," the replies. "I stopped here to make inquiries about Aber. dodno Lodge. I would be glad if I could get a carriage to take me to the place, That's it, I believe, on the cliff there 7" The landlord makes an attempt to speak, but she silences him with a glance of her blazing eyes; and Sir Arthur, inwardly thinking that he never saw such eyes before, makes answer: "That is Aberdndno Lodge, and a dreary old place itis. Surely you have no thought clf going there to.night 7" Josie hesitates a minute, glancing out into the misty gloom. "I did think of it," she answered, half to herself and half to Sir Arthur. "My dear young lady," says the gentle. man, earnestly, "let me persuade you to give over such a purpose. You have no idea what a steep, slippery road it is, or what e ghostly oldpile the lodge is when you arrive there. I was there yesterday myself. The old lodge is falling into ruins, and is quite deserted. It seems a pity, for it is a grand old structure, dating back to the days of the Normans. I wonder at Lord St. Aubyn'e neglect." " It is quite deserted, you eay I" "Quite. Left to the mercy of the bats and owls, and the ghosts, so the country folk about here have it." "Not for such a long time, though, Sir Arthor," pote in the landlord. "An old man lived there ontil-let's ee.-Monda?y yes, it was Monday the lady got here, and sheho took him away." "Indeed I" responds Sir Arthur. "I was not aware the old place had been inhabited for vcar." " Yes, Sir Arthur," continues Mr. Dobbs, eagerly, "the old man has lived here foe yearas-one of Lord St. Aubyn's ervarto, I think. The old chap never let on what he was-mum as a mouse. He came dowr once in a while for wine; but the lady came and I sent her up there and she didn't come back. She sent word by the ltd as she meant to stay all night, and take the old man away with her next morning. He being her father, I suppose she did, Sir A.\rthur, as we've not clapped eyes on the old 'on singe." " And you have never heard of any other persons being seen at the lodge I" asks Joeie, her eyes follof feverish interest. "Never a stal,miss," he replies, cheerfully "only when Lord St. Aubyn came once with his sick wife, and that was years ago." Josie gathers up her cloLak, and looks dubiousaly out into the gloomy afternoon. "If you have a great desire to see the old plsee," putsle in Sir Arthur, politely, "and would like to go np tomorrow, my dogcart is here, and my man is at your service." "Thank you, sir," replies Josie, after a moment's thought, "but since I find the place deserted, I may change my mind. I will not put you to further trouble. Gocd. day." She trips away, and the two men look alter her with admiring eyes. "She don't belong to these part," remarks the landlord. Sir Arthur esays nothing, hot his foee bh trays his curiosity and interest. Hie stands irresolute an instant, and then strides down thesteps. "You are not going, Sir Arthurf" "Yes," responds the baronet. "I'll be bhack in an hour. Keep my dinner hot." He walks rapidly away, in the same direm. lion in which Josie has just disappeared-a circomstance which elicits a ehrend wink and shrog of the shoulders from the landlord, as be makes his way baok to the inon, Meanwhile Sir Arthur pursues his wul?, and in e very fewminutee comes in eight of Josie. She is in the main street which runs throogh the town, and which commands a fine view of the headlands and of Aberdudno Lodge. She walks on briskly for some time, and Sir Arthur follows, keeping her in eight. "Now, I shaould like to know," he thinks, "who she is, and what she wants at snoah a The Queenblanl MIinhiter of Ladis willl Oaonly throw open half a million acres wont et uhatdea en ad Wianton for esttlement, place as aberdndo " He elackcns his race, for Josio has paosed in her brisk w:.lk and etanis irre=olete, with her eyes fixed upon theo dO lodge. For the space of a moment ese llnb er?, thIn ierilet boldly out into tii: i?.dy d:ci r Ii .,dic'; upwards to the Il.e cn the s?c:mit of th clitf At last ate enters the F?r ' part:, a;i'i roan stands before the archel cntrAnce of A'tr udnod Lodge. A asle lol?s uop at the black turrets piercing the leaden e!:y, and at the great, ponderous, gloomy pile, a Etranre shrill, half of terror, half of expectation, Etirs aer soul. "I can't rest until I have explored every sorner in this ghontly old place," she mer. cure, "and it is an awful thing to do; but it moust be done, and I'll begin to.night. As a first step, though, I ought to he sure that tberdodno Lodge is really deserted." She turns deliberately and ascends the stone steps. There is a broken knocker at ;he great door, and she pounds it with great rigor, Sir Arthur watches her from below in nreathlessa amazement, but no one answers rom within. Josie, having satisfied hereall that her Scmmons will not be answered, descends the iteps again and makes her way rounnd the case of the building. Presently elao comes :nto the courtyard at the back, and upon the .ittle shed where Cassandra Lauder die. :overed poor old Seymoor engaged in eplit ;ing firewood. She notiCes an axe lying near, and splinters of white wood newly split, and reasons that the landlord's story mset be tIre. She wanders along, examining everything as she goes, till she comes to a side dour au a remnte walu. Almost mechanioally she puts out her hand and tries the knob, It yields, and the door opens. She can see a dark, narrow corridor beyond. One moment she stands irresolute, then she enters boldly. The corridor runs on for a little space, when another door is revealed and this door the girl also opens. An unpleasant odor salutes her nostrils, and a creeping chill ourdles the very blood in her veins. She psaues again for a minute and then advances to the centre of the room. There is a bleared window, which admits but a dim light, and it takes some little time to acenustom her eyes to the darkness. When she can nee, she espies a table, on which are bottles and a glaae, and as she turns she be. holds a coucb, and stretched upon it a human figure. She utters a sudden cry and staggers back, gasping in the fool atmo. sphere. Sir Arthur, who has followed her unperceived, catches and surports her. She turns on him with a sharp movement and shakes herself free of his arms. "Ah, it is you, eir," eLe remarks, when she has seen his face. " You have followed me I' "I have followed yoe," replies Sir Arthur, his face slowly whitening as he catches eicht s or that ghastly figure on the couch, " be. e cause I could not bear to see you alone a In the name of Heaven, what brings you here?" t Joale points towards the figure on the conch. "To unravel a mystery," she answers, "of which that may be the beginning. I am , sorry you have been so rode as to follow a me here, sir. Why do you stare at me eo ?" t "Because I am antiona to hefriend von a to help you, if I may." Josie gives him one swift glance and answers: " Well, I think I will tret yon ; no harm can some of it. Did you ever happen, sir, to t hear of Mr. Rothwell, an ironmaster, who was missing?" ? "The man who disappeared so mys. terionsly from London rome time since." a "The esame, sir." " Yes, I was personally known to him." .obea turns her bright face full upon him. " Mr. lothwell is my father," she says, t "and I have reason to believe that a clue to , the mystery of his disappearance may be found at this plceC." "Here!-at this place I" Sir Arthur ejaculatcs. "And you have come here all f alone " "Yes," answers Josie, drawing nearer to the couh;" bt I find death. I wish the man had lived; ho might have told me t something: He cannot have been dead long." "Not meoa than two or three days," responded the baronet, turnicg from the dead face of old Seymour with a shodder. Josie proceeds to examine the table, and Sir Arthur joins her. On it are a candle, hoburned down to the socket, two bottles of a wine, one with the cork leosceed,a glass and a part of a loaf. '" The poor old man's last esuper," ren e mrds the baronet. "He must have been e Lord St. Aubn's Eervant. We had better a go now and report what we have discovered e at the village." "Not yet," says oetie, decidedly. "Yon, sir, can go if you please." She crosses the room to another door, a which she opens and goes into a narrow cor. k ridor beyond. Sir Arthur follows her. " If you will go," he says, " yon shall not r go alone." S They proeeed along the resounding or. \- rider till they come upon an open trap-door, 3whioh reveals a stairway winding downward. Josie draws near and looks into the yawning Sabyss. I "All these old houses have vaults, I be lievel" she remarks. bir Arthur an that they do, and adds that this downward stairway nin. doubtedlyleads to the vaults under Aber. dudno, S"Jost what I think,"eays Joeie; "and down into these vatlts I am going." She deeCends the winding etairs with swift, nnfaltering steps. Sir Arthur follows,led on by a sort of fascination; yet his face whitenesith disgust and terror. There is death above him, and nexplored depths of black gloom below. SThey go down for many yards as it seems, and land at last ina oavern of darknese, wet, slippery etones beneath their feet, noiEsome Sgloom around. She advances thronugh the thiek, etiing gloom, and presently shecalls, in her sweet, clear voic : "Who is here? Any person who wants help 1" To Sir Arthour's untterable asurprise a I voice answere--a deep, seplhrl veio : "Yes, I am here I Help me, in Haven's name l" Josie brings her two palms together in eo. sissy. "Speak again," she calls, "that I may know when I am near you." And the eamo voie answers, close at hand: ' Here I na. My name is Edmund lcth. well, and I have boeen lkept prisoner here for ye.ars it seems." She plunges on through the sea of gloom till she comres nsioet the barrcd and grated door of a Eub:erranean cell. " Hoer," Ehe cris cheerily, recovering ler breath in an instant. " oonrElber osthwell, if you are really behind thee lurs cive ne your hand." She puts 1;c' cea dimp!ct h:rda l.ct;i; he rusty barn,d altnd er SeII 1hL.le rroeine shec feels thile con.ect of another hand, diamp, clammy and ralmost like the touclh el death. SWho is it" p' he crica ot necrvounly. ' Elmund Itithweill," an.creor the voice rag.ein. " lWho is i that coael r me in tohi p)lacc " "Elmund RoIth;rell'o do'.c:.ter, aent here by Hcaen to r?e her fatl:her," The man bh!lind the ircn bars fbla the touch of warm ipt? on hij cold hand, and hears the ewi-., thrilling words, never dreaming of doutoing them. A Melhoitrne lirtt ,f iabbitt expolrteei reqtire S00,00 rabbits by let April next, for England. " :ly daughbtr r" he repeats, still holding her hind. "Aid (hero is your poor mother 2" "Alive and well. flather, praying at home that I miy Gad youn." She f ;es hs! tra? N lling on her hend,, hears !thi break into sobs like a Sh roeicee the iron grating and shakes it eiri·ly, ' Oh, it will not yic.i I" "Wait or.e tnom'nt," interposes Sir Atthur,eceaking for the first time; He Iakes a match from his veit pocket and lights it. "Why did I not think of it before ?" he matters as the elender blue blaze flares up and shcds a momentary gleam over the aw. fol scene. Josieutters a gasping cry usher quick eyes take in the whole at a glanoce--the reeking walls, the grated door, eeoreely locked, and behind it a wasted, wistful, human face. " This is a terrible business," he gasped. "Mr.Rothwell, what does it mean? Hiow long has this gone on ?" "Heaven knows eir," answers the iron. master, hie skeleton face appearing aaoin be. hind the black bars. "We have been here an eternity." " Iff, you say? Is there anyone bosider yourself ?" " es, a man named Vant, but I am afraIl he is done for, poor fellow. He has not spoken for a long time." "But," burets out Sir Arthur, " how have you lived here? What has kept you alive t" "There was an old man who eame daily and brought us food, but we have not seen him for days." "And you are starving ?" "Yes." SirArthur in hie turn seizes upon the bare and shakes them with all his might. He might as well have attempted to shake the cliff on which the old lodge stands. "Itave you ever seen this door unlonked I" the baronet asks. "Can you give no any clue to the key I" He lights another match as he asks the question. "Never, sir," answers the prisoner, "We were dropped down here through a trap-door from the black drawing-room in the turret, It was Lord St. Aubyn's work." "Father I" cries Josie, sherply. "Yes, Lord St. Aubyn's work; and we have been here, who can say how long-." "Over two years, sir." "Well, it seems a thousand years to me, and that door has never opened." Jode looks at the heavy bare and massive lock; then she turns to 8;r Arthur. "Go to town for a blaksmilth, please," she entreate, "and tell other people of our discovery. I will stay here till you tome back." The baronet turns at once to co. "Be as quick as yon can, please,"eall! Josie atter him, "and bring wine tnad food with you," Sir Arthur strikes a mlteh, and gropes his way to and up the spiral stairway, and down the long corridor, and at last reaches that dreadful room where poor old Seymour lies. He looks at the stark figure, dimly visible in the waning dusk, and hurries out. Josie kneels before the grated door, taking her father's hand in her own, and while she kisses and caresses them, and holds them to her warm, young heart, she tells him all the strange story of her life, of old Keohy's dyi:,g confession, and of her mother's joy, on that stormy night, when she made herself known to her. Mr. Rothwell is deeply moved by what he hears, and forgets the pangs of alarvtion in his supreme delight. "Your dear mother was right," he replies, " and I was all wrong. She loved you from the firstmoment of your meeting. Bat how is it, my dear, that ever you thought of coming to this place in seareh of me ?" Joeie told him of Lord St. Aub;n's letter, and of her strange presentiment in regard to it. "I felt that I most come,"ehe Ead, "from the moment I heard the name of Abecr dudno Lodge. It must haove been Heaven father, that sent me here to eave you." " It was, my child. But do I under. stand you to say that you came all alone 2" "Yes, father, all alone. I came up here, and that gentleman followed me." "My daughter, were you not aflrid 7" "Afraid, papal" she lsaghe. "I don't think I ever felt afraid in all my life." Thus beguiled, the tedious moments wear away. The night closeeddrk and stormy, ond at last, through the eleet and darkness, the party from thierillage arrive. They bring lanterns and food, and all the necessary Im. plements for the work they have to do, and white and terror-stricken lahee, follow Sir Arthur down in the black vault,. The work begins. The blackomith, with his brawny arms bared to the ehoulders, falls to work with file and hammer, and one by one the rusty bars yield. JoseiC tands aside, and feeds her father with little morsels of biscuit soaked in wine. They can see him plainly now, by the flare of the lanterns, and they find him an old man, with snowy hairl and beard flowing to his very waist. In one corner, crouching in an attitude of pain and despair, sits Treherne Vant, the wiry little London lawyer, his skeleton hands lookesd, his poor, fleshless face wear. oing the hoe o[ death, Yet when the last ponderous bar is cut away, and the prisoners are at last freed from their living grave, they find that his pulse throba faintly, and when wine hase been poured down his throat, he re. virEs, and draws a gasping breath. Through the black vaolts, and up the spiral stalrn, by the light of their flering lanterns this strange cortege moves, making a vivid picture. They pass that dreadflo chamber of death above, and make their way onut into the black night. Mr. Bothwell, tottering feebly on his feet, looks up, He sees the gloom above, hears the reeh of the winds, the roar of the sea, feels the drizzling rain upopen his faoe. -"Thbnk Heaven," he murmurs, "I am free at last I" and he falls fainting on the sodden enribh. ITOn eCONTI.VUElt 