ramin9gotn taunda1 d. PUBLISHED EVERY THURBSDAY MORNING. CURRENT TOPICS. In last issue we referred to the fact that a conlference of municipalities badi decided in favor of Springvale as the site for the proposed metropolitan ceme tery. It has been ascertamned that this resolution was carried by 10 votes to 6, and that the conference was called at the instance of the Dandenong Shire. Other councils have since declared the conference to have been the greatest out and out "job," and that it was most unfairly conducted from beginning to end. The opinimons expressed by vari ous representatives have been most ex traordinary. One councillor went so far as to infer that if one dug for the depth of a foot in any place in the Frankston site water would be found. Of course it goes without saying that this state ment is utterly untrue, and it shows that such individuals cannot have inspected the site or that their imaginations are particularly elastic. It is a certainty that in remitting a question of this na ture to a conference of municipalities nothing hut time is gained by the Go vernment, and the adoption of the site is as far off as ever. Sir George Turner should take the matter into his own hands and see it through. At the meeting of the Brighton Coun cil on Monday night, Cr Wilson drew attention to the deputation of the Ce metery Sites Conference to the Premier on 'uwaday.=wHe poenaed'outthaot; naei resolution had been passed by the coun cil requesting its delegates (Urs Wilson and Peacock) not to express an opinion on the subject, they had not attended at the final meeting of the conference. He suggested that tilhe mayor (Cr Back house) should attend the deputation as representative of the council. Cr Stone considered that the Brighton Cemetery, which included 15 or 20 acres still avail able for burial purposes, should receive consideration. Cr Allard moved that the matter should be brought up at tlhe deputation to the Premier. Or Stone seconded the motion. Cr Wilson sug gested that action should be taken through the Parliamentary representa tives to have the Brighton Cemetery exemprt:d from the operation of the hill when the latter catn- before the House. Councillors concur"-d in the latter view, and the matter wa al owr Ito drop. " Music."-Your lett-r of complaint re management of Frankston hand is too of ensively personal and libellous for nous to pubtsh. The band is only a semi-public affair and hence greater allowances are made. The defect you mention will no doubt be remedied by the managemant. An important meeting of the cim mittee of the Frankston Horticultural, Agricultural, and Frsjtgroueri' Asso elation will he h-cld ot Satttrtay evening next. Amongst other utatters to be considered will be the alteration of the proposed dato of the show. It is gene rally conceded that the date proposed is much too late to secure the early fruits, and the question to decide will be how far bapk will it be put ? Rules will be revised and the prizse list consi dered. It is to be hoped that members of the committee will attend in force. We learn that Mr Marsh is making very satisfactory headway with the col lection of donations. The Kangerong Horticultural and Agricultural Society are to be congratu latediou their decision to hold two shows during the season. The first exhibition is designed to secure the prespnce of the early fruits, and will be held between Christmas and New Year when the vi sitors are most numerous at Dromana, and the usual show for the larger fruits will be held later on in the season. The society has recognised the valqe of on deavoring to promote the growth of the early varieties of fruits and vegetables, and the show to be held at Christmas time will no doubt be as successful as the enterprise deserves. The society came through lst seqsog ig a very satis factory manner, and the brightest hopes are entertained for its future welfare. A conference of delegates ia connection with the county cricket pennant will be held at the Frrnkston Coffee Palace :on Thursday evening, 1th ist. Omr flemuilngs has been elected chairman of the Dandenong Water Trust. Cr Heywood has been elected presi dent of the Dandenong Shire. At Fligders on Saturday atd Sunday 16 points of rain wererecorded. It has been a dry season so far. A ghost has just been effectively laid with a shot gun in Bendigo. When shot the ghost dropped a piece of white muslin, which was found with several shot holes in it. A meeting of the Franketon tennis club will be held this evening at the Coffee Palace tto make final arrangements for the formal opening of the court. 'Th various m'niicipal candidates re turn thanks elsewhere. The pulpit in St Paul's Church on Sunday last was occupied by Mr Bingle. It ip rumored that Cr Callanan will be re-elected to the presidential chair at the next meeting of the Flhnders and Kangerong Shire. to take place at the end of September. In this concil the position is not coveted by many coun cillors. The Russian wheat harvest is a par tial failure, and the Government is Vot ing thd sum of £100,000 for the pur chase of wheat for seed and food pur poses. Durine a thunderstorm in Naples a few days ago a number of people took refuge in an old house, which collapsed kilhng 18 of them. In New Zoa!std an amendment has been moved by the Premier in favor of the abolition of the totalisator. Mr Seddon said that though Ihe would lose £13,000 of revenue, he was bound to say the nmachbnea had induced people to gamble as they had never done before. An all cane handle bat with silver shild has been presented by the Melb ourne Sports Depot to the runners up for the County Premiership. An oftort is being made by Mr Jas. Grice to establish telephonic conncct on between Franketon and the metropolis. Ten subscribers at the minimum fee of £5 per annum are necessary and this number has almost been obtained. Mr Grice's residence will be connected at an annual cost of £15. The cost to hotels will be £9 per annum. Seeing that the wire will be carried to sich!I a distance along the Mornington road re sidents at the Point m ght be induced to take the scheme up. During the discussion on the Budget last week in the Legislative Assembly, Mr Madden drew attention to the nec essity of having an electric light fixed at Swan Island fort to prevent the mines which would be laid in the West Channel in time of war being tampered with as night by an enemy's boat, which might get inside the Heads unobserved. This matter was brought under the no tice of Sir Charles Holltl Smith, the military commandant. some time ago by Colonel Bingham, the officer com manding the forts at the Heads, and it has been referred to the Colonial De fence Committee in London for its ex pert advice. Several years ago, when the question of placing electric lights at Queenscliff and Point Nepean was under consideration, nothing was said by either the Imperial officers who were here or by the Colonial Committee which was consulted, as to the necessity of an electric light being placed on Swan Island, and it is thought that had it been an essential part of our defences some reference would have booeen made. totil e'matter: The Melbourne hunt club hold an other meet at Morneogtou Junction on Saturday the 10th inst at about the santme hour as last meet. They will af terwards be entertained by Mr James Grice. A correspondent writing in last Fri day's issne of the Cranbourne papre, advises the committe of the show to adopt a rough riding contest as a means of attraction,and instances the fact that when such a comnporitiion was previous ly held the gate money was £70. Are you listening Msr Marsh ? 