WISE AND OTHERWISE. Why this road rush for tbo vacant post of governor of the Melbourne Gaol? Some 20 applications have been sent In, chiefly by civil servants, though It Is not exactly. self ovldeut to tho men In tho street why civil servants consider themselves peculiarly fitted to manage a largo pcnul establishment. juerc arc no traditions of bhrd labor In the civil service! Then where do they get their special training? Surely these ambitious ap plicants do not count ns a recommendation their profound knowledge of order us-, evi denced by the elocltllke regularity with which the luncheon hour is observed! Or do they base their peculiar fitness upon tho fact that year In and year out the civil servants know but one uubroken law, to them almost a religion, and that Is the punctuality with which the ink stained office coat and quill Is laid aside on the very stroke of half-past four (often putting off till to-morrow the 'T' that might have hceu dotted or the "t" that should have been crossed to-day) ? It Is gene rally with a sigh of uttcrable weariness that he dons his dainty Beaufort or gurdeu party frock coat, Ills glossy silk hat, preparatory to lighting his cigarette as he satis forth, gloves nnd cnuo in hand, for a tranquil toddle down the block, just to give Beauty a treat. One would have thought that the humor of the century was sufficiently congested when John Kendiek Bangs contributed his quota to the cornueoplau flow of Bret Ilartc, Mark Twain, et hoc genus omne. But research shows we need not go beyond the four cor ners of Victoria for lnimor which contrasts unfavorably with the twinkle of tho lights above referred to. Whore Is It to be found? In the emanations of our Zoxes or Duffys? Not so! No need to go lioyoud the four cor ners of tho Victorian Statutes. The vener able compilers of tbese marvels of pnstc nnd blunted scissors have had lurking In their parchment hearts a quaint sense of fun, a rollicking Idea of the ludicrous seriousness akin to that which ought to pervade the pur veyor of aromatic fish. Public officers In this colony, at all events up to now, have consoled themselves with the Idea Hint, no matter what nttneks are made on them, they always have our glorious statutes behind which they can take snfe refuge In times of peril. However, even that now turns out to be unsafe. For the marginal note to section 7 of the Audit Act 1800 blazes forth what It, at all events, thinks of no less exalted personages than the Commissioners of Audit. It reads, "Commissioners of Audit, their sa laries and Incapacities." Incapacities, for sooth!- The humor of a Parliamentary drafts man does not stop there. Sometimes nn act of Parliament has, like nn unfortunate In fant whose parents insist on giving it alpha betical prenomens, an unusually long title. When this Is so, the draftsman, with a cer tain amount of workmanlike pride, cuts down the lengthy cognomen to something like reasonable size.' His marginal note then reads, "short title." Wo have an example of tho deep deceitful nature of this marginal note occasionally. For Instance, the short title of an act referring to certain public moneys Is cnlled, paradoxically, "An Act to further amend the act lxxxvl., Intituled "An act to amend the law for the collection "and payment of public moneys, tbe audit of public accounts nud the protection and re covery of the public property." If this he a short title lu the eyes of a Parliamentary draftsman, whnt in heaven's name would he consider a long oue? Altogether tho drafting of acts of Parliament Is dally becoming more and more a mere fine art of word spinning aud mystlflcntlon. There Is no accounting for prejudices, even In the South Sens, where the gentle Kanaka Is not particularly nice as to his bill of fare. Hence, when the cutter Sea Ghost fell luto the hands of tbe hungry Solomon Islanders and her bands were promptly slaughtered, It Is not quite ensy to understand why, while tbo carcases of the na tive crow, were promptly conveyed to the. ovens " as "long pig," tho body of tho white captain should lmve been thrown Into the lagoon to feed the sharks. The Polynesian predilection for roast China man Is well known ; hut cold missionary used not to bo despised, nnd the wisdom of the Solomon Islanders must latterly have given them new lights on the esedlent properties of white innu. The contentious character of the Caucasian Is pretty well known among the emerald islets of the amethyst Paci fic, nnd perhaps experience has taught the Kanaka the force of Sydney Smith's farewell to a strongly disputatious clerical friend "who had been made a South Sea Isluud bishop — "You nro certain to 'disagree' with the man who cuts you." The site of that future federal capital Is a burning question In Now South Wales that no quantity of political fireworks can eclipse In popular Interest. Mr. Tnrerner has been hauled over the coals for jocosely suggest ing Moss Vale, of colliery renown, aud Mr. I'.eltl has declared that Victoria has a neat scheme, all cut nnd dried, for creating n "federal territory" at tho top of Bourke and Collins streets, comprising within Its limits the spacious area of the Treasury Gardens. Bnllurnt, having lost Mayor Shoppee, Is re serving Its efforts for the present; Bnlhnrst does not yet despair, hut Gceloug seems to hnvc given up the gliost of its federal chances since Mr. Iligglns proved such a stickler for constitutional elasticity. But what Is the matter with Albury, whose Inhabitants fondly believed that It had, at least, an even money chance? Utter despair must surely have overtaken Its local magnates when a swnginnu, who explained his vagrant pre sence In the city of the Murray by assert ing that he had tramncd thither because It was to he tho federal capital, was Imme diately remanded for medical examination as to his snnltyl Lord Kitchener of Khartoum (that Is to be of course), in making his very, neat and complete coup on tbe Khalifa, though he did uot take a baud In the actual fighting before Onidtirman, ran some personal risks. The fugitive Abdulln, if lie escapes u sanguinary welcome lu Kordofan, will bare the satisfac tion of learning that the mine cxporliueut in which he exploded oue of his own steamers 1ms been nearly rivalled by a British gunboat chucking some picric shells meant for the Khalifa! palace at the Sirdar and staff. However, though non-com batants on tho British side fared hardly — no one knows whence came the "chance shot" that killed poor young Howard after the tight was over— the Khalifa successfully accomplished his dying by deputy, left brother Yaeoub's corpse to be the last bul- wnrk of the Black Standard, and cleared out with Osmnu Dlgnn, who must by this time have established nn unchallengeable record for "escaping" with a sound skin from buttle fields. Anyhow, from a dervish point o£ view, one might just us well he killed out right as taken prisoner; aud Kitchener's Soudanese seem to lmvc looked at the matter In the same light. Like Robert Bruce, when he learned that the Bed Comyn was only wounded, they elected to "make slccnr." 'mere are excuses auu iiruccuvmn, ui vuui&u;, for the Soudanese Tommy. What did the chivalrous Harry of Monmouth suy at Aglu- court when the French looked likely to rally? "Let every man kill his prisoners!" The sable warrior of the Khedive does not embar rass himself with prisoners, and he has an excessive dislike to bo speared In the hack by nn apparently defunct dervish. It Is the same old Fuzzy-Wuzzy story:— 'E rushes at tlic smoke when we let drive. And before we know, 'c's a hacking at our 'cad. 'E'b all 'ot sand und ginger when alive. And 'e's generally sliauanin' when 'e's dead. illhnnitl< rlii, limit wnvo which linn nrns- traled Europe may be a gilt edged blessing to Switzerland and the Tyrol, it has been un mistakably rough iu its ultimate results on tlie army of tourists who have Invaded Alpine fastnesses iu search of a glacial tem perature. The mountaineering season in tbe Austrinu Alps hasbecn signalised by no fewer than CO fatalities, and still the tourists come. The most remarkable feature of the frigid mania Into which fear of sunstroke has driven Europe' is the number of elderly scientists whose mental balance has been so seriously disturbed as to Induce them to essny the part of Alpine Clubblsts. Last week an electrical professor and bis whole family went over a glacier edge on the Dent do Velslvl. This week a Berlin professor tum bled Into a crevasse, and was dragged out dead. Curiously enough It was the safety precautions that caused both disasters. Both parties were "roped" together; but unfor tunately that was not enough. Tools do not make a workman, nnd nn Alpenstock and a rope do not constitute a mountaineer. Our own professors nnd jurists when the next terrific visitation comes on In long vaca tion, and their Inclinations tend towards the glaciers and misty precipices of New Zea land, uilgbt as well take note of the fuel, Illustrated by Professor Mnsse's fate, that If one gives an elderly umatcur Alplner rope enough he may very possibly bang himself. . 