TURF TALK. (Br " THK BRAT.") Brother Alick's prad Dryden, which Martin Payten couldn't do anything with, has been placed in Billy Millers stable. No fault of Payten's the nag didn't raise gallop enough to win. And it's long odds against Miller being any more successful. Stud duty should be about Dryden's little lot now. To the mild and gentle punter. Go forth even unto the Perth course 011 the Wednesday that, next cometh, battle up to the place tote window when the infernal machine openeth up upou the Turf Club Handicap—and take a ticket on Donovan in the race. Even do as I, a prophet^ bid you and the ten colonial roberts which ye cast upou the waters shall be returned threefold unto you. Picks for Punters—concerning next Wednesday's races on the Perth course— HURDLES. SCXDIAL OR FIRST BOLT ... SAKTELLA 3 ANNIVERSARY HANDICAP. NEWBOLU OR ONSIJOW ... ... 1 •Tussle ... 3 TWO-YEAR-OLD HANDICAP. GVESSWORK cau't lose'. SUMMER CUP. O-t f; j* ir T.tw'i* * SELLING RACfc- DTTRA, 1 ; CLARRIK, 'I 1 , WLL.LJE, 3" TURF CLUB HANDICAP. COMMON or JKSSIK, 1 ; DONOVAN, 3. Backers should beep their weather eyes open out at the Perth meeting next week, aud—if they bet with the " books "—pick upon reputiWe layers of odds. The Charlie Long—Odds gentleman who yelps 6 to 4 against, when the majority are wanting a shade of odds on, is usually among the missing on settling day. Thus the Hulftiiu:—" Wonderful the I change wrought by the new S.A. Gaming Aet. Hundreds of people crowded Grenfell-sti-eet, Adelaide, under the old system, and the Cohen sort of tobacconist tote shop flourished in every lane. Tote hooks were made 011 every race in Australia from Melbourne Cup to Smith's-Curse Plate. All this has vanished, and the tot man now has to do his busiuess down a sewer or in a remote back alley, with the risk ever before him of a heavy fine or six months." The tobacconist tote-shop will go by the board in Perth later 011, when the Betting Act gets through Parliament. Bookmaker Charlie Watson is away east engaging talent (theatrical, not racing}, wherewith to form a Vaudeville Co. to open in Cremorne Gardens next- nionth. C. W. is one of the most popular of our local metallicians. The London correspondent of an exchange says that there is big money for Chris Moores and Jimmy Hayses in~ the jockev profession at 'Ome. We've knocked out John Bull in every branch of field and aquatic sports, and there is no just cause or impediment to prevent us sending home a couple of jockeys who might, starting at the outset of the season, and getting good mounts, give Cannon, Wood, Sloan, aud others a good go for the premiership in the riding line. One of the "Le Yar and Yale Loch party " is remaining in town, after his partner has returned to Coolgardie, probably to see Yale Lock try hi6 blankest to get home in either the Anniversary or Turf Glub Handicap next Wednesday. If the oof is planked down on Yale Lock in earnest, follow it. AlfShaw has Lottie in good trim—just as Jack Lyons handed her over to him—and M'Beau's cast off should run well in the Turf Club Handicap. But Common and Jessie will be better suited by the distance, seven furlongs, than will Lottie. The return of the bookies, race club secretaries and other sporting liidentities from fishing nic-pics at Mandurah has been announced in the daily press during the week. Bern-, of the Canning Park and Helena Clubs, went a'fishing. Smith didn't. The tisli (and fishy) stories told bv the artful anglers since their return liave" been of the same old color—strong euough almost to provoke a visitation of Tom Pepper's ghost. There once was a gee-gee named Drvdeii, Who wanted a lot of hard ridin'. In the Perth Cup just past He finished next last, And earned—well, a of a liidhi'. The above couplet is alleged to be verses rhyme—" poetry " it was called bv my correspondent who sent it in. The correspondent explains that Dryden cost him £20 during the Christmas and Perth Cup meetings. His " poetry ~ is published to show just what crime gambling will lead a maw to commit. " Where are you going, iny pretty maid ?" "To pick some apples, kind sir," she said, " May I go with you, my pretty maid ? " " You mustn't, for I've got to climb, she said. 