THE RING-FINGER. Much ingenuity lias been expended in the endeavour to> discover 011 which hand and on which linger the wtedding-ring was placed. The Jews have a tradition that Mary, when she- espoused Joseph, re rec-eived the ring 011 her middle finger; hence no .Jewish woman wears her bridal ring fhere, but always on the forefinger. St. Ambrose, in one of his s&rmons;, calls ihe third finger the finger for the ring. Mac-robiue gives the nursery names of Uie fingers in the times of the Romans.; the third linger is called nnularis; the low Nor man name for the same finger is "John of the Seals." Jn the -ancient ritual of marriage among the English Baptists the ring was placed on the end of tire left thumb, witli the words "In tiiis name of the Father;"' and then on the forefinger with the words "and of the Son;" then on the middle finger, "and of the Holy Ghost;" finally, on the third, the ring- linger, with the clos ing word "Amen." The ancient Greeks used tbis finger also, because they believed a nerve to run directly from this finger to the heart. Lenuiius says it is not an avt'en-j but a vein, and modern science shows that there is nothing of the kind in existence. The right hand is the hand of power, hence the wife weal's the ring on the left hand. The third linger is the only, recog nised ring-finger; all who wear rings offi cially wear them. 011 that finger, though it is true that the statues of the gods, had their signets o»i the forefinger, both in Greece and in Italy. This was 011 the right hand; but, from convenience and long established custom, the left hand is now generally considered the proper hand, and the least-used finger of the hand holds the riii«». Lemi.ius says that the same finger is caJled Medicus, for, "on account of the virtue it derives from the heart, Hie old physicians would mingle their medicines and potions with this finger, because no venom can slick upon the very outmost part of it but it will offend a man, and communicate itself to his heart." Some niiUTied women are so supersti tiously rigid in their notion respecting the wedding-ring that they will never even for a moment take it off their finger, extend ing, it would seem, the expression "till death us do iiart" even to- this goldeai pledge of matrimony. 