SHORT STORIES. THE GOLDEN TRAP. (By Charles D. Leslie.) (Continued.) Having esbablished a friendly feel- ing between them, Herbert ventured to beg for liberty, pointing out. that by law the professor had no such power over her as .she imagined, but this the girl could not understand. The law was unknown to her, her fear of her guardian very real, ,and when the prisoner pleaded for liberty, though loth, to refuse, she dared not comply. Whether he would have won her over to brave her guardian's wrath will re- main unknown, for in the midst of Herbert's arguments the professor broke in upon. them with a candle and a stick. Pattison uttered a bitter oath. for he was -almost *as powerless as if his hands were tied, and Grace, giving a cry of horror, shrank away into a corner. "Put up your hands and let me re- tie them," said the professor quietly; "my stick is loaded with, lead; one tap w;ill knock you senseless." Pattison ,submitted in sullen silence, •and was bound as before, then the professor coldly told Grace to go to her room, and followed her out. Herbert was left alone to bemoan his fate. There was nothing surprising in the girl's meek submission, she had been educated as though living in the Middle Ages instead of the nineteenth century, but with a little more 'time he would have convinced her, now he feared he would see her no more. This fear was justified, for when the long night had passed, and also some slow hours of daylight, the prisoner, wearied almost to breaking point, heard the professor's step, and sum- moned all his resolution to brave his foe. "Your further imprisonment," he said, "if you ,are still obdurate, will not be lightened by the sooidty or material assistance of Grace. I have locked her in her room,and sent the only domestic I employ away for two days." "Do you intend to starve her, too'?" snarled Pattison. "No," said the professor, steadily, "but as I can no longer trust her she will be safer there out of the way." "You devil," cried Herbent. "You remorseless devil, but you. haven't beaten me yet. I defy you still. If I could only get at you!" But the other did not give him even the luxury of a reply, and retired. The second day of the prisoner's captivity ran its course. Strange to say he slept for some hours during the day, then woke to frightful pain and suffering. Every inerve and fibre of his being was on the rack now. Hunger, -thirst, and pain tormented him; he could have prayed for death or madness to ease his suffer- ings, but his brain was clear and he felt that endurance could go no further. He must yield. As he realised that the bland pro- fessor had won, and his two days' torture had been of no avail, a sudden paroxysm took possession of Herbert. He flung himself to and fro heedless of the pain it caused. It was a wild frenzy, the last struggle, in which the remnant of his strength and passion were devoted, the pole swayed, there was a singing in, his ears, darkness blinded his vision, the cords seemed cutting through him. Then above his head as he lay writhing sounded a crack of broken wood, and he rolled over on his back. Not knowing what had happened, he lay still for a moment, then turning his head saw that the upright block was broken from the floor, and the head of the bamboo free. Pushing his hands up he was able with 'some difficulty to slip them over the top. His fingers now at liberty,he untied his legs and, ankles, and stood up a free man. He staggered with mingled excite- ment and weakness, wall, floor, and ceiling seeming to dance round him; he leaned against the nearest wall and passed his hand over his face, and, looking again, .saw a welcome sight. It was 'the tray of food Grace had brought the previous night, end which the pro fessor had not taken away. Eagerly he drank some spirits, anid felt ailmost himself again, and even more welcome than food or drink was a dinner knife, with which he now severed the cord which bound his wrists. Next he had the curiosity to see how he had got free. The bamboo to which he had been so long bound fitted into two stout, short poles, about six inches ithick, which camne through the floor. Examination now showed a flaw in the centre of the broken piece, which had extended 'till the sound wood had given way to the fury of his final struggle. The stick had snapped and the bamboo had been released from its resting- place. "My worthy professor," murmured Herbert, "you did not allow enough for contingenies. I have a strong tempta- tion to break your head before I go." He ate and drank, .and then prepared to leave. The door was undlocked, he passed through and stood in a !small passage. And now 'a mystery was re vealed, which had hitherto puzzled him. How, he had wonrdered, had the pro fessor gothineupsta:rswhen insensible, but a lift which stood before him now ,explained. Glancing through the land ing window he saw he was a good way from- the ground. Following the stairs downward he came to! 'the storey below. Passing along a passage 'a sound caught his ear from b~bhind one of the closed doors. t] He paused and listened. It was the sound of a girl sobbing and u~ttering broken words of prayer-the, voice of Grace. In the sudden excitement of liberty, not yet five minutes old, he had forgotten her, but now be remem- bored, and his heart. smote him that he had -been going away without a word of farewell. He remembered all she had done for him; in fact,i.t- was chiefly ow.ng to'her that he was now a:, lib'cry. He must let her know at once. He knocked at the door and wh:spered, "Miss Vincent." The sob ceased, anld her voice cried with a little gasp, "Who is there?" " --Pa ttison. I have got free," he answered. Then seeing the key in the lock he remembered .that she had been locked in; he turned the key and entered. Grace had been kneeling by her bedside, she now confronted him with a look of mingled :astonishment and joy. Her hair was tumbled, her lips parted in surprise. "Is it really you?" she gasped timidly. Pattison laughed at her astonishment, as in a few words he told her how he head gained his liberty. As he spoke her tears vanished, her eyes glowed, and the pale checks became rosy. "I am glad," she said, softly. "I was praying for you. God must have heard me." "You have been very good to me, Grace," .he -answered, unconsciously n pronouncing her Christian niame. "But-" He broke off, conscious of a new feeling towards her. If he went away, what would be h.r fate? Hitherto -the longing ho escape had wholly occupied him, but it now struck him, that he gone, the undaunted professor might again set 'the golden trap. What way was there of stopping him? His brain at that moment was not, very clear, and he could think of none witihout pub- lishing his ridiculous captivity to the world. Now, as his eyes rested on Grace, he felt how impossible it Ias to leave her under present circumstances. His sentimerits were quite changed. It was one thing to be blandly ordered to take a wife as a doctor might order a dose of medicine; but another *to leave the poor girl wiho' had done, so much 'to aid him to the fate of 'having to, marry the next man captured as he had been. But how to save her? There was but one way; by 'marrying her himself, and this step he found not wholly unpleas ing. In fact, he realised that he was in love with- the girl who had. been, the innocent cause of all his sufferings. Nor was this to, be wuondered at. She hc.d done much to- aid him, and dared for the first time in her life to disobey her gula'rdian. Short as had been 'their acquaintance', her disposition in all its simplicity and tenderness had been laid bare before him. And chief of all reasons in a man's eyes, her beauty draw him. She stood there in a simple dress and untidy h!ir, but nothing could disguise her loveliness. As he stood looking at her, his eyes must have expressed his admiration, for heirs fell, and her colour deepened. "Do' you think," he said at last, "the professor will go on with this mad scheme?" "I—I don't know; but go, now, before he cones back." "Grace," he cried, not heeding her words, "my darling, I can't leave you to such a fate. You shall not be. married to any stranger." With a shy, eager look she raised her eyes and made a half step forwarud towards himn as though welcoming his succour. He caught her in his arms and kissed her. "Grace, do you love me?" "I don't know," she whispered softly. "You see, I have not met anyone like you before." "Yes, but—you let me kiss you. You don't mind?" "Well, nobody ever kissed me be fore." she said, with an admiralble blush. "If anybody else ever does, I'll murder, him. Darling, I want the monopoly of your kisses, yolr society,' yourself. Grace, now I'm free 'I know I love you. Will you be my wife, and remember if you don't you'll have to marry— " "No, I wouldn't," she whispered-. "I'd never have married anybody else, after I met you." But Herbert received theb information that he had sacrificed himself in vain with noble fortitude. And Grace's world had changed all in an instant. It seemed almost too good to be true—after the shame and hourly growing humiliation of being forced on an unwilling husband, to be wooed by this man now that he was free, and at liberty to' walk out of the house. Her happiness was toob deep for words. But there was no time for love making. The professor was out for a walk and would soon return. Herbert decid,ed that i·t would be best for him to go home and get some sleep and return on the morrow to see his old foe and tell him that he had won after all. Grace declared she had not the courage to: tell him herself, and begged. Herbert to leave her locked in her room and to go, away at once, and this, he.finally did, 'and, bidding her a tender fareiwell, relocked the door, and went downstairs. He glanced at himself in a mirror in the ball, above which he found hang ing his own hat, which had fallen off when the professor kidnapped him. He put it on, and, turning up the collar of his light overcoat, concealed the fact that he was in very crumpled evening dress. Opening the front door he was about to quit the house when a man met him on the threshold. At the first glimpse he thought it was the professor return- ing, but a second look showed it was a policeman. "Good afternoon, sir," said the latter. "Are you a friend of Professor Medonealf's?" Herbert, not inclined at that moment to enter into an explanation of his acquaintance with the professor, mendaciously answered in the affirma- tive. "I'm sorry to, have to acquaint you, sir, that the professor has met with an accident." "Oh, indeed," said Herbert, blankly. "Come in and tell me about it; don't be afraid of frightening me," he added, drily, "I can bear it." The man gave a; glance of astonishment, and said "As you may be aware, sir, the pro fessor goes for a, walk every afternoon. iHe's a well-known character about here, and lhas been run over several times owing to his stopping all of a sudden as he walks. I hear *he's a literary gent, and does it when ideas come to him. Well, 'alf an hour ago he was crossing Olliver road, just by Winson's, when he pulls up suddenly. There was a brewer's van coming along a.t a good pace, and. it was on him before the driver could pull up. was the nearest constable, my relief was just due, that's why I can. come here now. I picks him up, unconscious only, I thought. he was. But a doctor examines him and says that he was dead, an. 'orse's 'oof 'aving struck hint on the temple." But if t;e professor's ghost is able to revisit the world, hIe must smile to see how well, when alive, he carried out his promise to his dead friend, for Herbert and Grace were married, as soon as the archbishop's special licens^ permitted, and, vhat. is more, Pattison has freely forgiven him for arbitrary methods of securig a husband for Grace, and they, in spite of their odd prenuptial acquaintanceship, find their married life run smoothly and happily. —"Detroit Free Press." 