OPENING OF CHRIST CHURCH, TALLANGATTA. The newly-erected Church of England at Tallnugutta was formally dedicated last, night by the Eight Rev. Dr. Coe, Bishop of Mel bourne* Service commenced at half-past 7. The church was well filled, notwithstanding the dark and threatening weather. The Bishop, attended by Rev. XL M. Waury, of Corryoug, proceeded to the main entrance, where he was met by the local reader and the church committee. A petition to dedicate the church was presented and read to the Bishop by Mr. Coverdalc on behtlf of tho committee. The petition read as follows:— To tiib Right Reverend Eatiier in God, Field Flowers, Bishop of Melbourne. The petition of the undersigned, Henry Arclidale Langley, acting archdeacon of tho Archdeaconry of Beech worth within tho dioeeso of Melbourne, and of the residents in the district of Tallangatta whose signatures are hereunder subscribed, sheweth— That a certain building erected at Tallan gatta within the said archdeaconry and in tended for a church, to he called, dedicated and consecrated by the name of Christ Church, hath not been and cannot yet be legally consecrated. That steps are being taken to vest the site of the said building in “ The Church of Eng land Trusts Corporation for the Diocese of Melbourne.” That the said building has been furnished with—(1) proper accommodation for wor shippers, (2) a pulpit and a reading-desk, (3) a font, (■!•) a table with suitable rails, and books and linen for Holy Communion, (;>) the Holy Bible, (G) the book of coni^uvou prayer, (7) two surplices, (8) books for registration, and record, and a suitable chest. Your petitioners therefore pray tliat you will be pleased to grant yoiu* license- and authority for* tho celebration, of divine-ser vices, the administration of the-sacraments,, and tho solemnisation of matrimony,, in the said church, according to the* rites, of thc Cliureh of England, until it can. be- legally coiLsecratcd. And we do hereby promise that, when the obstacles in the way of its. consecration, shall have been removed,, we,, or some of us, will apply to the Bishop of the diocese for the time being for the legal con secration of the church. Henry A. Langley G. A. C. Wade W. M. Coverdalo T. Henry Sadler A. Tabor W. T. By ring J. S. Nuzum George Hill 'William Ricci John Shannon W. XI. Dorrington Thus. Ley F. W. Slucfo Eobfc. Cardwell. The Bishop said:—“ I consent to dedicate this church in accordance with the prayer contained in the petition.” The Bishop then proceeded to the Holy Table, the clergy and committee following him. As the procession moved up the aisle, the 24th Psalm was repeated in alternate verses by the Bishop and congregation. On reaching the XIoly Table, the Bishop was presented with tho petition, which was placed on the Table. Responses having been said by Bishop and congregation standing, His Lordship delivered a short address to the congregation, exhorting them to seek the divine blessing upon their present under taking of church dedication. The Bishop then offered up several prayers. Then was chanted the 122ml Psalm. The Bishop then ottered up special inter cessions for all those who would use the church—for those who should be baptised and confirmed; for communicants, for hearers, for those to be married, for those who would make offerings, and for all woi-shippers. The congregation then rose, and the ! license was read by Mr. Coverdalc, acting on behalf of the diocesan registrar. The Bishop, having signed the same, ordered it to be duly recorded and registered. The church was then solemnly dedicated by tho Bishop in tho following words :—441 declare this church of Christ Church to he now dedicated and set apart to God for ever, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amt:n. TUeii followed tho ordinary ovoniug ser vice, the Rev. Worry reading the prayers, and Mr. Wade reading the lessons. Tho Bishop preached a sermon from Acts ii., 4*2 to end, the discourse being an earnest and excgotical one. The words of the text presented a beautiful picture of the primitive churcl*. The preacher dwelt on the signs of the presence of the Holy Ghost contained in the text. These things lmd not happened during Christ’s life, because He was not glorified. He (the preacher) had chosen this record of tho Holy Ghost’s influence because it presented to his mind an ideal church. He hoped that the influence of the XIoly Spirit would show itself in tins congregation —in more communicants ami in more wor shippers. He thanked God that lie had put it into the hearts of His servants to erect this building to His glory. He expressed pleasure in dedicating to God such a handsome and commodious edifice, which was properly fitted-out with all things recpiisito to the decorous conduct of Church of England worship. Ho asked his hearers to pray for an increase of spiritual life in the church and for the conversion of sinners. While the offertory was being made the choir gave a very nico rendition of an anthem adapted from Psalm 122, the duct part being sung by Mr. Dixie and Mrs. Coverdalo. Miss Colbert made an efficient, organist. Tho offertory amounted to the satisfactory sum of £17/3/. The opening services will bo continued on Sunday next, v,’ben Archdeacon Langley will preach in the morning, afternoon and evening. 