LILIAN TREMAYNE'S SECRET. BY BERTHA 3L CLAY (Authoress of "An Ideal Love," &c.;) CHAPTER XV. SIR GEORGE GRA2VILLE S ADVICE. "The countess thinks that you may be in my way 1" exclaimed the earl. " Good heavens, what's the mystery now ? Sir George looked at hliim keenly for a few moments ; then went on " I see that you have no suspicion, Dudley. I see that you do not regard me in the light of a rival. I had no sus picion until afew days ago that Lady Frances Travers and yourself were looked upon by some people as an engaged couple. I hoped that it was the usual idle gossip ; for, to be candid with you, Lady Frances has fired the dormant passions of my heart. I find that my coldness, my cynicism my utter indiffer ence to woman's charms have all been sent to shatters. Your mother evidently \---ditined something of this; she regarded me as a possible rival, and studiously insulted me. From your manner, Dudley, I inferred, I hoped that you did not care for Lady Travers, but that the field was clear for me; but you are my friend, and I intended speaking to you. I have had this on my mind since we went to the theatre together ; I would not sail under false colours." He had risen to his feet, and was regarding the earl anxiously, hopefully. "' If you and Lady Frances are tacitly engaged -if there is any definite under standing between you, I will go away-I will never speak to her again." " Are you so hard hit," smiled the earl. " Why, I thought that your heart was made of granite-that women were all soulless, selfish, vain, false, etc, etc, and -" "Don't, old man; I acknowledge that I was in error; I recant. I find that I am just as vulnerable as other fellows when the dart of Master Cupid is fired from the eyes of Lady Frances Travers. You do not love her-you do not care for her; see it at once, and rejoice, al though : wonder at your lack of taste." " You are right, Granville; I believe that the countess and Lady Travers, the elder, have arranged some affair in their own minds, but without consulting me. I am very fond of Lady Frances, as a friend, an old playmate, a sister, but nothing more; so you have my full per mission to go in and win, and I sincerely wish you .dl success. The baronet was a happy man, and he expressed it in both speech and manner. "Now," Athol continued, " I will tell you why I came here, why I want your advice. 1 know that I can trust to your judgment. I know that 1 shall get your sympathy, now that you arc in love ycur self." He told his friend the whole story of his meeting with Marian Tremayne, of his love, the q ,arrel with his mother, his search for Marian, the story he had heard, and her parting at the gate with Raymond Boyd. Sir George listened patiently and gravely; he had not much consolati,,n for the earl; it was a most difficult problem to place before any man. "'In the first place," he asked. " Why should Miss Tremayne keep her address rhat is not ifiecul to exptil?an'Slhe knew that I wasaway-thought I perhaps had her address-and that after she had been practically turned out of my house, it was my duty, if I cared for her, to make the first advances." " Yes, you are right; but had this Vansitart any motives for speaking lightly of her 1" "I confess that I know of none. I do not believe that he knew one word of our acquaintance even." "That looks black ; and what you saw, what you heard afterwards, with your own eyes and ears, appears to my mind to confirm one's very worst suspicions. Dudley, I am awfully sorry for you. From the facts laid before men-and speaking as an impartial friend, as an adviser who has none but your welfare in mind-I should say tear out this girl from your heart-forget her. At the best she is surrounded by some mystery, and it may be infamous" "God help me," groaned the earl. " The one love of my life has been given ; I can never forget her-I can never love again. IMy life is wrecked beyond recall, Granville, but anything before dishonor, anything before dishonour!" A little while after, he took leave of Sir George, every hope dead within him. He walked past his own house, and wandered into Piccadilly. lie entered his club, and read the morning papers in a mechanical sort of way. It was too early for the fashionable world to be abroad, and he was glad of it. When a man is suffering it is hard to wear a smiling face-it is an indescribable torture to be bored even by common places. He sat quietly in a corner for an hour, his senses dulled; he felt like a man who had received a severe blow-a blow that had dazed and numbed him To the ordinary observer he was deeply interested in his paper -his head was bowed over it-his eyes seemed to be riveted on the closely printed paper; but he could not see a word; it was al a blurred mass of moving lines and dots. His hopeless misery was his master at present; it lived with him-enveloped him; he could not break thrbugh its sombre walls.. Presently he was startled by the sound of voices. Two men were in earnest con .~versaion,. anduhe fancied that he recog: nised the tones of both. He looked up and saw the 'lonorable Frederick Vansi tart at the further end of the room talk ing to a little man whose back was toward him. Surely he knew that voice that figure ? No; the man faced round, and seeing Lord Lytte, bowed to Vansicart and quickly vanished. It was not his valet, but it was marvellously like him; it must be his brother at least. Vansitart nodded familiarly to the earl, and made his way toward him, his fair face beaming with smiles. Re screwed his eye-nlass into its place, and eyed Athol critically. ' By Jove," he said, '"you were quite out of sorts when we met a few days ago, and in a beast of a temper, too I Hlaven't you recovered yourself yet, Dudley ? One would think that you had lost the best of your earthly possessions. Oh, by the way, do you know the-er-fel!ow that I was speaking to in the doorway ? He waylaid me here-says he has been on the lookout for me for a week-heard my man was leaving me, and all that sort of thing my-er-secretary, you know. He men tioned something about his brother being in your family. Vincent is his name." "Mly valet's name is Vinucent," replied Athol, shortly. " H'm! So he spoke the truth. I don't-er-like being accosted in this way by such people. Looks like a tradesman, or something of that kind, you knom. Oh -er-did you find that fiddling fellow you were after; I forget his name; got a pretty daughter, down at Epping. She's going on the stage; that's settled, as Iam creating a part for her in my new drama. Plenty of beauty, little talent; half a dozen 'my lords' already in her train, and a breach of promise case for fifty thou-that's the way with these women. Heigho I they're artful, artful, artful, as.d finish up by taking a doddering duke by the-er -nose. What ! Going I Goingl Bless me, how queer you have become, Dudley I Good-morning - good-morn ing." The earl mumbled something, and left the club. The atmosphere was stifling, and he felt that he hated the I Ionorable Frederick Vansitart. Could this man, with his sneering face and malicious eyes. know anything of the one episode in his life that had caused his ruin ? Was he sneering at him-making fun of him ?" His brow grow dark with rage, and he clenched his hands tightly together. Should he go back and demand his mean ing ? Should he'seize the mocking fiend by the throat, and shake the truth out of him ? He paused irresolutely on the steps of the club-house, wrath blazing in his eyes, hatred bubbling in his heart. If this man knew anything, if he was laughing at the Earl of Lytte-ah, Hea ven I then he had learned the story from Marian Tremayne; she, too, was holding him up to contempt and ridicule. "Keb, sir; keb, sir ?" The familiar query of - the streets startled him, and with a savage: " No, no I" he strode away at a rapid pace, reckless, heart-broken, wretched. CHAPTER XVI. THE COUNTESS MEETS TwrII DEFEAT. It was an hour past luncheou when the earl mounted the broad steps to the handsome portico of Argyle House. He went directly to his own private apart moents, Vincent, his valet, being promptly in attendance upon him. " I don't want you, Vincent,' he said, " and I do not wish to be disturbed for an hour at least. You understand ?" '" Yes, my lord." "One moment, Vincent. I never heard that you had a brother until this morning," continued the earl. " No " He shrugged his shoulders, deprecatingly. " I never thought him worthy of mention, my lord. He is no credit to me." " That will do. I am going to my bath; in an hour 1 shall be in my study, if the countess asks for me." The valet withdrew, and Athol pro ceeded to refresh himself with a cold bath His actions were becoming very deliberate now; in one short week he seemed to have aged years ; the springy step, the eager, good-humored smile, the impet uous gestures were gone. Life was value less to him ; the senseless round of so ciety was but a hollow, mocking sham; seltish gaiety, spiteful tittle-tattle, empty dazzle, a fleeting show that led only to the grave. He would leave it all; it was hateful to him ; he cared not for the tongue of gossip ; he had little pity even for his mother now. Her interference, her struggle for complete authority was distasteful. He told himself that she should have all she wanted. tie was quite decided upon that point. He had not been long in his study when there was an imperative tap, tap at the door, and my lady came in, her cheeks flushed, an angry light in her eyes. She closed the door behind her, and gazed steadily at her son. She was some what startled by his altered appearance, but she was none the less disgusted, out sraged, by his conduct. '`= G ?o d= .iig'hT-? i methe7 r l"he-:"said;" politely handing her a chair. This only angered her more ; his coolness sent her into a passion of white heat. " Athol, your conduct is simply unbear able," she explained. " If you have no respect for jourself, and the position you should hold, it is your duty to behave decently, for my sake. There are several peop'o in the house, and you told me distinctly that you would lunch at home to.day, and afterward discuss the arrange ments for oun opening ball. Instead of that you go away without a word ; you are seen in the streets at an early hour, when clerks and that class of people are going to business; the breakfast waited for you, and lunch was kept back for twenty five minutes. It is simply disgraceful I made excuses for you, and shall be a laughing-stock. - I really cannot endure such treatment. I passed overyourabsonce last night, and to look at you one would think you were half demented. The earl regarded her with provoking coolness during this outburst, though his face became paler, and the corners of his mouth twitched nervously. lie had never seen his proud mother so far forget her self before. In her opinion, very often expressed, it was an evidence of bad breeding to lay bare one's feelings. She had no sympathy with people who did that kind of thing, and.her son was sur prised. " Mother," he said, firmly, " I have no wish to quarrel with you. I have had no hand in any of the 'arrangements of this ball, and do not intend to be present. It is your own affair entirely. Had you consulted me before issuing invitations, things might have been different." "Consulted you I" she ejaculated, in amazement; "your father always left these affairs to me; your father never questioned my judgment." "I am sorry to say that I do," replied Athol. "1 consider that your love of bending everybody to your own desires, your delight in intermeddling with niat ters exclusively belonging to myself, will one day make a breach between us that may never be bridged." My lady turned crimson, then her face became white. "You are thinking of that wretched companiton who nearly entrapped you. But for me you would have married the creature. But for me you would never have discovered that she already has more than one discreditable lover." He started up at these words, his face becoming wrathful. " You have had me watched," he said. " Thank you! " She never forgot the qtuiet; intense tones, the bitterness, the earcasm.- "Thank you, Lady Lytte. I was not thinking of Miss Tremayne; I was thinking of the insult you offered to my friend, Sir George Granville, last night. Qunce more, mother, I repeat that I will not quarrel with you--I refuse to have a scene that may widen the breach that is surely growing between us. I loved Miss Tremayne, and the shock of proving her unworthy of my love has been terrible to me. You may consider yourself an able strategist, but your abilities, combined with those of the people you set to watch my movements, will never bring about the marriage upon which you have set your heart. I shall never care for any woman again, and I shall never marry." " Ridiculous " "I have done, Lady Lytte. Do not think that I wish to usurp your power; it is my intention to leave you in undis turbed possession of the field. Iam going away; I do not know where; but I am going away to seek forgetfulness." The countess was frightened now; she had pictured a different termination to the interview. She had made ul her mind to scold her son-to shame him to show him his duty; but he had met her with stronger weapons. He had become suddenly transformed into a resolute man, and she felt that her power was gone. "Athol, my son," she gasped. "What madness is this ? You will set the whole world talking. You will break my heart. You have never seen me weep before; see, I am weeping now-my pride is broken I Do not think only of yourself-but of the race to which you belong-think of me think of Lady Frances Travers-who cares for you-who believes that she is to be your wife." " Mother," the earl said, gently. "Your reference to Lady Frances Travers only strengthens my resolve to go away. I can never marry her-I can never love again. My heart is dead I She shall know the truth from my lips, and I pray heaven that she may meet some man worthy of her." The countess did not offer further argument,.and as the earl seemed to shrink from her presence, she left him. feeling a pain at her heart-the humilia tion of defeat. She had estranged the affections of the only being she had ever really loved on earth. Her schemes had fallen in dust and ashes at her feet ; but she reflected that she was only trying to carry out his dead father's wishes-to perfect an arrangement of many years standing, for, with such a wife as Lady Frances, she would never be deposed. This resolve - this stupid resolve to go away might mean nothing. He was smarting under a keen disappointment. He thought that his heart was broken. What nonsense I Hearts were not broken in that way, particularly the hearts of healthy young men. He had experienced his first foolish love-dream, and had invested the object that had inspired it with all that was beautiful and good. Of course she was not like other girls; she was immeasurably their superior in every way; but he had found out that his idol was of the commonest clay. My lady shivered slightly, but she congratulated herself that Athol had fallen so completely into the trap. " I would not undeceive him," she thought, " now that lie has proved him self so rastless under restraint. I am his master no lonOer. He will forget the handsome face of my late companion, and marry Lady Frances yet! I must humor his whims. I must oppose him no more. If lie decides to travel, it will not be for long. I shall be disappointed, but I am mistress no longer-my son ignores my control. Lady Frances must know nothing of this- nothing." Meanwhile, the earl remained buried in thought He did not like the reference to Lady Frances Travers, and, at length decided to see her without delay. She should not be misled any longer. He wrote a few lines to his mother, stating that he was going away at once for a while. it might be a month, or a year. Everything was absolutely at her own control. Oh, how these words stabbed her ever afterwards I He left the note on his table, knowing that it would ultimately fall into her hands, and left the house without a word to any one. He hired a cab, and told the man to drive quickly to Lady Travers, Park Lane. In ten minutes he was being effusively welcomed by Lady Travers, who was somewhat astonished by his hurried call. " Is the countess with you 1" she asked. "No," replied Athol. "I have come in a cab alone, and upon a matter of importance. Can 1 see Lady Frances 7" Lady Travers looked up at him mis chievously, and yet she was perplexed anxious. He did not look like a lover who had something pleasant to say-but, then, Athol Dudley had always been different from other men. -? Stay here,- said Lady.Travers, and. I wilisend Fiani?ito byou."- ".. She left the room, and the earl walked to the window. He gazed moodily into the street, which was now alive with fashionably dressed people, many of whom he know. He noted their smiling faces, and wondered if there was one in all the vast throng at whose heart gnawed the canker-worm of despair--whose pain was equal to his o-n. He dropped into a fauteuil, and a deep sigh, that was almost like a groan, escaped him. He felt that there was no creature on earth so utterly miserable and hopeless as he Life was one dreary blank, and the grave appeared to be the only rehef. He buried his face in his hands, and it was in this attitude that Lady Frances found him ; he did not know that she had entered the room, until her sweet soft voice fell upon his ears. " Athol, mamma says that you want mo." CHAPTER XVII. "SHE COULD NEVER BE WIOKED OR FALSE." "Athol, mamma says that you want me. Lady Frances had unconsciously dropped into the old familiar wayof speak ing to the earl. It was the first time that she had addressed him so since her return from the continent, and she. blushed a little, her eyes shining happily the while. He raised his white face, and her look changed to one of disappointment and alarm. Only the day before had the Countess of Lytte whispered to her that Athol would speak soon, and Lady Frances considered him as much her own. property as though it had all been settled between them long ago. Perhaps he had come to tell her now that he loved her that he wanted her to be his wife very soon-and for the first time since they were children press her to his heart I Blow well she remembered the last kiss ! It was quite ten years ago! At a New Year's gathering, or something of the kind, and he had whispered that she was his little sweetheart I How women re member these things! HBe had not kissed or embraced her since then - since that happy evening -long, long ago. They had felt shy of each other, because their future had been so much discussed by their parents; but they belonged one to the other none the less. She believed that with all her heart, and the know ledge made her happy. "Athol, you are not well; you are ill," the girl said. "No, 1 am well enough, Lady Frances," the earl replied, pulling himself together by an effort, and summoning a ghost of a smile to his face. " I want you to sit near to me, for I have something to tell you-something that has been on my mind from the moment you and my mother took me up at the MIarblo Arch." Lady Frances blushed again, and her shy happy eyes sought his gloomy ones. What could he have to say to her -what was there to tell her but the old sweet story that she had been expecting-that the countess had assured her would be told her very soon. But why did the earl look so gloomy about it ? Surely he could not for one moment doubt that she loved him-that she was his wholly and solely 1 "Yes," she said, gently. "I am listening." "We shall not be disturbed 1" he asked. " We must not be disturbed, because I have so much to say to you, Lady Frances, and I must tell my story now, or you may never hear it." She was startled by the wild look in his eyes; she could not understand him, and an icy chill swept over her heart. " Mamma knows that we are here," she said, "and will permit no one to interrupt us; but if it will be any satis faction to you, Athol, I will turn the key in the lock." He watched her graceful figure as she stepped across the room, and for the second time that week he had to acknow ledge that she was a lovely woman-a possession that any man might be proud of. If he hid his grief from her if he married her, it would make her happy at least. He had no other aim-no other object in life. Then flashed before his mind's vision the passionate and beautiful face of the woman who had deceived him, and he shivered as though chilled. It were better to face the worst at once; he believed that it would be more painful to him to tell his story to Lady Frances, then for Lady Frances to listen. He would at least boe:honest with her, and if her sufferings were keen, hisiwere keener, His resentment towards :the countess increased when he looked into the girl's anxious and expectant face. Here was more of her well-meant, but officious meddling, and his heart almost failed him. "Lady Frances," Athol began, "I am in trouble-I have met with a severe dis appointment, and for a time I have deter mined to travel-to go away from the hateful, senseless glamor of society at once, or I shall go mad. I have come to you, Lady Frances, as my mother seems to think that there is some obligation or bond between us. Because our estates joined, and we were children together, our parents have hoped to join:our hearts -or at least our hands, thinking that a marriage between us would harmonise with their wishes and ambitions." Lady Travers had become deadly white, and her hands trembled. " I am told, Lady Frances, that you regard this arrangement as binding-that you are willing to sacrifice yoursslf to the whims of your mother and mine." " No-no," whispered the girl. " Then you do not wish- " he began. "I would not marry (you, Athol, if I did not love you with my whole heart and soul," she cried, hiding'hher face. " Who has been telling you that I do not love you-that I would drag you into a loveless marriage ? I gave my heart to you long ago; it is yours now." " You do not understand," he said, bitterly. ' Frances, can you not see that I have no love to give to you-that I want you.to be.free 1" She gazed at him in a way that he never forgot. That look haunted him for a life-time. Had she heard aright ? Was he jesting ? Then his earnest and trou bled face convinced her. He did not love her. He never could love her. A sharp cry of pain burst from her. Oh, the agony, the humiliation, the shame of it I And this was his trouble. The countess had told him that it was time for him to speak to her, and his heart had spoken. " Frances," he whispered, gently, " my anguish is almost too much for me. I want you to help me, if you will-to help me to be strong." "My lord," she replied, bitterly, "I have made my confession. You will think none the worse of me for that ? I have looked upon you as my lover for so long -you, and you only. You have my love -I cannot take it away. If I am never to be your wife, let me be your dearest friend. Your happiness will be my hap piness." A few.tears dropped down her cheeks, but she bravely brushed them away. "Now tell me," she said, "why you are so very unhappy-why you are leaving us." "Lady Frances, I am afraid that I cannot tell you," the earl murmured. i.You-lavo.made.i.ao.much, harder than. Il`expected:. You will think me cruel; you will have no sympathy with me, and yet I would rather you heard it from my lips than from the lying tongue of rumor. To be brief, Lady Travis, my heart is broken, and a woman is the cause of it. I see that you start; you did not dream that I had ever thought of love, or had presumed to thwart the wishes of the countess. But it is true-it is only too true." "Do you know the lady I" whispered Lady Frances, softly. "Can I help you I" "The woman who won- my heart, only to cast it from her with scorn," proceeded the earl, "was my mother's companion Miss Tremayne. You have seen her often, Frances; you have talked with her, walked with her,; and were good friends.' Tell me, what did you think of her ? Would you have deemed her false -would you have credited her with wickedness "' ' " No," said Lady Frances, " she could never- be wicked or false. We were friendly, very friendly, but I have not seen Miss Tremayne for a year. The countess would tell me nothing concern ing her when I made enquiries. She could never be wickel or false, Athol." " But she is," he went on, scornfully. "She and the countess quarrelled about me, and Miss Tremayne went home, and straightway out of my life for ever. She did not trouble to communicate with me, and it took me a long time to find her. I heard ugly stories about her in ugly places. I loved her-I trusted her too well to believe one word of what was told to me." " " But you doubted her a little; I can see that you did," observed Lady Fran ces, "and no true woman can forgive that." "I was angry," confessed the earl; "but listen, Lady Frances. After much trouble I found out where Miss Tremayne lived; I went to her home at night, and found her there with another lover." "Another lover I" exclaimed the girl. "No, no I I cannot believe that." "But I tell you that I did! I saw their shadows on the blind, and I waited until they came out into the garden. I heard words of love-I heard kisses. " And then I" "I demanded who the fellow was, for my heart was bursting with jealousy, rage, despair, and my life is wrecked-is desolate." Lady Francis was silent for a few minutes; then she looked up, saying : "This is a sad story, Athol, but I can not believe that this man was a lover if Marian Tremayne was your promised wife. What explanation did she offer, or were you too angry to listen to her I Depend upon it, you are wrecking your own lifo by your impetuosity-by your temper and your pride." "No, no I" he laughed harshly. "I am surprised that you defend her; I did not expect that you would, and yet I am glad. She refused to tell me who the man was; she could not deny her wicked ness-her guilt, but became indignantly heroic, and ordered me to leave her forever 1 She declared that she hated me for suspecting her-that she would not marry me if I begged of her to do so on my knees." "That is a proof that she was innocent of any wrong," said Lady Frances, firmly, a new light coming into her eyes. "You forget," he went on, brokenly, "that what I saw with my own eyes was what I had been told to expect. You mean well, Lady Frances, but the good ness of your heart leads you into sophistry that is worse than fallacious. I would give the whole of my fortune if I could believe you-I would give my fortune to krow that I had misjudged the woman I hoped to make my wife-the only woman I can ever love. I feel that I have in a measure done my duty by telling you all, and I shall go away knowing that you do not quite regard me as a villain." Lady Frances was too agitated to speak for a few moments; then she took one of his hands between hers, and he felt a warm tear fall upon it. "I can never think ill of you, Athol," she said, " and am sorry for this trouble that has come into your life. I know that it must be terrible, but you have misjudged Marian Tremayne." He rose with a sad, hopeless sort of smile, and pressing a light kiss upon her cheek, whispered: " Good-by." "For the last time ? " "For the last time," he said. " Speak for me to your mother and to mine. I don't want any fuss, and I feel that most of my sorrow is due to the countess. Some day I will forgive her; I cannot quite do it now. 1 can see that she exults over my defeat." " Athol I" " It is true, Frances. You are my only woman friend. You are enshrined in my heart forever." '" But you will tell me where you are going?" she asked, her face wet with tears. 'I do not know myself. Good-by." He pressed her hand tightly, and was gone. fdy Frances could restrain herself.no longer, but fell to the floor in a swoon. In this state she was found an hour later by Lady Travers and the Countess of Lytte. The countess had seen her son's note and followed him to Lady Travers'. She was in a state of great agitation, and when she know that he was really gone, she felt that her plans had ended badly indeed. (To be Contirued) 