I SHAKESPEARE ON THE j " BIKE." Shakespeare, it would seem, must have known something about the bicycle, for throughout his plays on a makes frequent references to the wheel. It must be that Hamlet's father had visited a bicycle academy, where be- girders on the wheel were plenty for his Ghost said: What a falling off was there I This most excellent description is paralleled by another in the same play, in which reference is made to an accident, the new woman of the early sixteenth century being evidently the greatest sufferer. The first player says : Break all the spokes and fellies from her wheel. Then the Fool in Lear gives advice to coasters, of the merits of which the modern rider may judge for himself. He says : Let go thy hold when a great wheel runs down hill, lest it break thy neck with following is -i tt ,Jz& Even Cleopatra had her wheel. Antony advises her to mount it and seek Caesar, when he says : - i*"'j3___ Of Colac seek your honour,- with your " safety." There were evidently bicycle thieves in those days, and owners had to carefully guard their precious wheels. In The Tempest Alonzo says to the King : We, too, my lord, Will guard your person while you take your rest. And watch your safety." In that same play, Ariel undoubtedly heard the king and his attendants coming on their wheels when she sang : - Hark ! Now I hear them ; ding-dong bell. There is no doubt that Achilles, in Troilus and Cressida travelled on a bicycle, for he says to his myrmidons : Attend me while I wheel. It is safe to assume that, as to-day the wheel is a never-ending source of conversation, so was it at the time of Titus Andronicus, though the listener was more patient then. Aaron says to Demetrius : Kow talk at pleasure of your safety." It appears from a quotation made by the king in All's Well that Ends Well that the law required lamps to be carried at night, and that a violation of it was followed by death He says : "Zealot me live after my flame lacks offered Chains were not noiseless," and bells were used in the days of the Comedy of Errors, as is shown by a conversation between the Dromio of Syracuse and Adriana, which runs thus : - A chain, a chain, do you not hear it What the chain? No, no ; the bell. The availability of wheels in dangerous service is illustrated in Coriotunus, when the winged messenger says I. to Coiuiuius : Spies of the Valsees Hold me in chase, that I was forced to wheel Three or four miles about else had, sir, Half an hour since brought my report. The tire of which Shakespeare wrote was evidently filled with hair instead of air, and even its colour was of importance. In Much Ado About Nothing, Margaret says : I like the new tire within excellently, if the hair were a thought browned. Puck's prophetic remarks about placing a girdle round the world in 40 minutes is fully equalled by that of France in the Two Gentlemen of Verona. He says : Then, may I set the world on wheels. Surely this prophecy has been fulfilled. Invention. 