London Letter. [From our London Correspondent], London, February 25, SOME GENgnAL TOPICS. Poor Sir Henry Irving has ^a^ an irreparable loss in the burning of tb,e thetrical wardrobe belonging to. hi9 theatre. His pieces b,ave been noted for the splendid mounting with which he has invested them, as to properties, scenery nnd costumes,' and Inst week the storehouse at Southward where all this was l(Oj.it was burned -tp the ground nta Ios3.uf £20,000. Yet Sir Henry is chi'urfnl, as' is his way; being of even temperament and something of a fatalist. Irving with tho evergreen Ellen Terry is now appearing in the Merchant of Venice. Other leading and successful plays of the time are Julius Crosnr at the new HerMaje3ty's, with thelesBee Mr. Tree in the title-role ; Barrie's Little Minister at the Haymarket; A Bachelor's Romance: at the Globe, with Mr. Hare in charge ! Trelawny of the 'Wells' at the Court introduces the costumes of 40 yours ago, the crinoline and other monstrosities look very strange on the stage. Of tho pieces which, like Our Boys of 20 years since, seem to be running for ever, there ure the Geisha, with Miss Lind, ' Miss Tem pest, and other beauties in their old places ; La Eoupee at the Prince of Wales1!* theatre. A notable manifestation of the spread of theatrical popularity and decentrnlisotiqn is the establishment of suburban hquses, this has been going on for some time, and the movement is attended with success. We have theatres at Kensington, Piilham, Rich mond. Haling, and scores of other dis tiiets in the purlieus of the ' great metropolis, The theatres of Lpndon . proper wilhnot accommodate more than about\ $0,000/ people, on)y a fraction of the. \pormous , population of Greater London. X. The ^Imperial Institute is passing through a crisis and how it will emerge no one can say.--: : The statement that Victoria had declined to renew its sub sidy was the immediate cause of the ex citement, for it is felt thnt if one of the colonies adopts this policy the rest of those that subscribe will follow suit. The income of the Institute is declin. jng rapidly ', and we may expect an enrly cullapie, none too soon, for it ha9 long beei) rqcognised that' the days of tho Institute are numbered. It lias nevor been of any real good to anyone, and th^e only purpose whiclj jt has fulfilled js- tl|ftt of q second-rate place of enter tainment, whero foreign bands minister to the amusement of persons who have no interest in Imperial concerns. The I site of the building and the building itself are of course extremely valuable properties, though to carry out such an ambitious programme as that ad vanced by the founders is impracticable. The Thames Embankment was much bettor situated for such a purpose. The Prince of Wales has always taken the greatest interest in the I.I., and he will feel keen disnpnointment when tho nrnnb comes. The Institute never had th« ghost of a chance, as the men at the head of affairs liad no knowledge of England's heritage beyond out shores, and could therefore not realise the basis of the scheme, nor, rise to their work. Women are maicliing with quick steps in largely increasing numbers to attack the coigns of vantage formerly held by men. . Post and Telegraph clerkships, typewriting combined with shorthand, copyists, the running of tea and refresh ment establishments in London, book keepers, these are just the leading de partments in which girls have captured, entirely orin part. And still the female labor market is overstocked, and nppli. cations 'pour in from the countless thousands of women and girls who find themselves unattached and with the necessity before them of , earning their '? own living. One curious direction in which this tendency is apparent is the taking up of the sandwich board business, one constantly meets with lines of girls with these burdens on their backs, and giggles on their faces. It is really pathetic to stand for a while on one of the bridges separating north from south London and watch the crowds of girls from 10 upwards hurrying: into the great swallower up of human energies, the city and purlieus, with strained anxious faces, telling the' tale of striving to perform the hard task and to keep above water in the rush of competition. From 7 to 10 a.m. this restless crowd pours over the Thames to take- up its work, about which it would be interest ing to have some particulars. Alung with the advance is a movement to get some definite adhesion from the great body of women to the rational dress favoured by Lady Harberton ; a League has been started, the members of which bind themselves under deadly oaths to eschew tho ejegant skirf'and cling to the divided-parinent. TKe lion in tho path that has blocked 'the success of this movement is man s ridicule, or course far more potent than mere opposition. Women can't stand up against it, and so the bloomer is the exception still. In far distant Klondyke I see that brute force is the means employed by the myrmidons of the Sfa'e, the decrees of which won't have the bloomer within its borders. I see that in the same conti nent in the State of Virginia, the senators entertain drastic notions as to the art of flirtation, for a Bill has been brought forward forbidding under heavy penalty the passing of any amatory atten biimv uuuwuuu tuu iiiiuuiua, pupiia teachers, and men, who may loiter along the side-walks, and smile at the bevy of fair damsels passing along the road. The measure is styled ''A Bill for the protection of Boarding Schools and Colleges for Females and the Principals and inmates thereof,' and it will pass, they say. PARLIAMENT. The Address has been passed, and ex planations more or less satisfactory given by the Government upon the various questions of our exterior politics that have agitated the public breast of late. There seems to be a promise of a seriou3 breach between the Radicals and the Irish Nationalists, and the latter threaten that if the Liberal Party at the next General Election do not put Home Rule in the front, the ajliance will be close between them. Redmond brought forward a strong indictment in thefo'm of an Amendment to the Address de manding independence for a Parliament in College Green, which Amendment Dillon denoiinoed in set terms, and wound up for voting for the same, suuh is the inconsistency of the human mind. Some by-elections are going against tho Tory party, and .the London County Counoil election which takes place shortly, and depends muoh on political consideration for ,iis results, may be ex [Con tinned on pugo 4.] pected to supply a buffet to Lord Salis bury and.hiBlollinvers. . Matters, on tlib whole in the .House of Obmiiious a i1 tame, the Opposition being in im liiiVt. ary mood at present. Sir Williu.ni Haroourt especially is in a very subdued .humour. The. Colonial VVcretary '.dd-nino,tes parliamentary proceedings considerably, though the Balfour Bios, are holding their own, Gerald, of that ' ilk, . , th« Irish Secretary, dping par ticularly well. The most important matter, brought before the House — putting nside tin; . Niger Matter — is the Irish Local Gov ernment Bill, one of tho chief measures 1 of the season.. This is a very large and .'?', far reaching Bill, anji is ma. Iced by .-, great, width of view nf) the part Vf it« . .'' f raraers. The esires\ions\if 'criticism :' from ;the Irish press ure-,fairlj' unnnim-. ? one m favor or the nieasnre, ( tne only dissenting voice bei^g that of Mr; .I|avitt,' who simply says t'hat he will .have nothing to do with any fiill which helps the Irish landlord in any way. A summary in a few words of a large ? measure shows that County and Dis tricts ore to be established, on the model of the same bodies iii Englniid| and Scotland, excepting' the I'arlsh] Council ; these Omihcils,, are to biv elected for three years on the | arli'a- 1 mentary franchise, with the a/lditiiin of!. 'Peers and Women..' Ministers of' religion are to be excludid from inem-. bership. . Dublin, Belfast, Cork, Lon-i donderry, Belfast, Wiiterford, and; Limerick are to have Urban Councils .] The District Councils will act as Boa'ds. of Guardians, and the rating for the, poor will; be l-y Unions instead as at present by parishes'. With regard to the financial settlement, the occupier is to be made liab e for the poor rate nnd the. rent is to be adjusted accordingly, Malting the year 1896-97 as the standard .' financial .ycur. The agricultural rales aro to be relieved by a half.. An 'nrri- oultural grant' wfty be mide, by wh'ch half the county cess, and the|'poor rates as ca'culated from the standard financial year, will.be' r.wd.-from. The Exi-hequer. This will co& £770,000. V The towns are to have Xojtae. small relief,' -and the term 'agricultural land'.1 will be- far loss rigidly, defined^hnn in England. ? The question of the additional ex. j-enditure for 'Army purposes and the amelioration of the condition of- Tommy Atkins is a question of importance in Government proposals of the day. Papers just presented to Parliament show that the net increase in the Esti mate* amounts to £2,170,000, that is, the New Estimates equal £20,5 10,000, a fairly large figure, considering the size r of our army. The most important point of increase in the'fdrce'us the 'addition of 24,000 men t6\;'the 'regular Army, divided amongst \the various arms./' ??????.- .^ : .v vf -, All sorts of technical reforms are to be made, in the general , organisation of the Army, but one of the most* needed improvements consists of benefiting the condilion of thn hunian fighting maohine , himself. To. effect this, anallowance of ? 3d. per day to cover the. post of grocor ' 1PR find vno*ntn''kliia: /Vttiiinl. ±l.« Qini'.. very meanly usedto dedtici) will he j made; to efficient soldiers, who will then , receive, their full Is. per day as wages, i A gratuity of £1 per year of service with j the colors will be granted. There are several other minor matters, which show that the, Government are determined I o make the position of ..Tommy better and easier, and indeed it will be necessary to take stepe of this kind in order ^tp .keep up the recruiting for the . extrq, raen^ required. ' '' ' ''': ?'''.': ?' '' '? OXTE INTERESTS ABROAD. The position .in- 'West, /Africa is fraught with peril .to the' peace of Europe. For some four months a Boundary Commission has been sitting in .Paris considering .the. question .of the. right of the two countries to certain dis tricts of the hinterlands of the French and British possessions. There seems to be every,, sign of. a dead-look with ?' regard to th? neg'ota.tjpiiB going on, and meunwhile the emissaries of the French are endeavouring to settle the matter for themselves by quetly occupying certain disputed points. As to discovery ' and settlement of the Niger . basis, : priority rests with .Great Brjtain, but. we have allowed France to develop her possessions in West Africa from Senegal to Say, and to cui us off from the in- ' teriprof West Afijca to n sad extent, she has three colonies on the coast, the Ivory Coast, Dahomey, and Seuegambia, , ana ner wisn is oi course, to make a con i neoiion between these in the interior,,! and ih-s c.-untry make's no objection, I But beyond this France wants to have I ? access to the maritime Niger, a claim not j supported by any shadow of reason. It hits been a cardinal olaim on our part that we should control all the Niger which can be reached from the sea, that -, is some 400 miles or so, from the moiith to a place called Boussa. British .occu \- pation means the waterway open to the world. 1'rench occupation means the | n\'er closed to all trade but her own. I Beyond this part of the river lies j stretche* of some 1000 miles which are admittedly under French influence. With all the fine country in the interior of her three oolonies, France .finds .her ( t-elf without a convenient navigable out-' lot to the sea, and therefore her private expeditions and semi-official parties of , soldiers and servants are moving heaven , and earth to establish French domina 'K lion within the Bmiesa line. This dis * tnct is now occupied by the Fren h, ?'' without permission of the Commission now sitting, and our claim is that she punt retire. Coming close upon alarm ing hews of French occupation of this district arrived cables announcing that 1 a French expedition was advancing through Sokoto, which is undoubtedly j well within British territory. This news thoroughly upset the country, and a «emi-panic followed, especially when Mr. Chamberlain look a (riave tone in Patliament in reading the telegrams received. Lord Salisbury at once in i structed the Ambassador to leave a note upon tho Fronch Minister, pointing out that if the news was true we should regnrd the inc de.nt as of very serious moment. But the truth was denied in Paris', and if any expedition is going through the country, it is 6f a private nature, tno'ugh no doubt connected with th\ French, claims, ft-istwell to';follow these' event's, and to master as far as - possible tltyj geography*' o.£ the Niger 'Basis, and the French posses sions in West .Africa. P;oor little Sierra Leone has been insolated to a 'errible extent by the policy of con solidation on the part of the French which has been quietly going on. We seem to have scored some measure of succ ss in the far East, whence .it is announced thai the Chinese Loan will be- negotiated after all. Great Britain came to an understanding with Ger inntw. nnrl fha lfi inillimin n/lvnnno will be ninde in March to' tlie Government at 4£ per cent rate of interest, the Customs revenues to be the security. Russia, we are informed, feels ag. gr eved. 'J he announcement is published this week of 'he changes to bo made by the Colonial Office in the Charter of the British South Africa Company ; these chnngis are very drastic, and under them' there will not be many oppor tunities for the hatching and execution of any more Raids into thn Trnnsva-il. The clause which requires the Compuuy to furnish to the Colonial Minister ail its financial accounts, as well as its minutes, reports and any other papera which the Minister may require makos the Chartered Company, which in the past has held its head high, a sort of vassal of Mr. Chamberlain. The Duke of Fife has lately resigned the position of Director, which he never ought to have held. The Col. Office can remove any director or officer in London who fails to agree to to the demands of the Crown. Whatever criticism tuny be brought to bear upon Great Britain with regard to her oolouising work on* the whole, nothing but praise can be tendered to her for the results of the occupation of Egypt, which has been of \mtold value to the natives of tha1 country. Wo now hear of a wonderful Work-to bo under taken on account of the Government by the contractors, J. Aird.& Co.,;which is uie uuiimii uui*iun gi. a grunt utv/n on i.ut- Nile to hold^juaffer tp-~'4-e used for the fertilisation' of the ?agricultural lands, which now have to wait till the flood of the Eiver *fco receive the required drenching. The fiitet cataract, Assouan, is se'ected, aud the dam will shortly be started ; the length of it will be 6000ft., and the storage capacity equal to some thousand million cubic metres of water. A mass of wide-spreading and hideous .rocks form the first cataract, and upon these the gigantic wall of ^the dam will be built, and holes pierced to allow the passage of water when the river is in flood. Along .the side will be built a canal to carry the ordinary service of the Nile. What would the Pharoahs of old (lavs say to Bftch a scheme ? One diffi I (inlty stood in' the way of the carrying out of the plan, viz., the temple of Philro, which stands on a rook .in the middle of the cataract ; it would not do to blow it up, natives and archaeologists would alike object to that, so it is de cided to raise the temple 80 feet above thn level of the dam of water! . . 