FOOTBALL NOTES. By MARKWELL. MOIST GHOUNDS, UNEQUAL CONTESTS. About midday last Saturday the outlook for footballers was particularly damp and unpromising. The weather committees of the governing bodies sat in their respective , council chambers earnestly discussing tele- phonic bulletins from the Observatory, and anxiety and uncertainty -were dominant notes of the discussions. Fitzroy's able secretary, Mr. C. Hickey, was decidedly in favour of taking the risks, and urged, as he always does on such occasions, that as the game is meant to be played in -winter nothing short of a deluge Should stop the matches. Mr. E. L. Wilson, general manager for the League, was averse to a postponement that would prolong the sea- son's programme, and perhaps run the most interesting of final matches on to a date when central grounds would be all closed to footballers. These two gentlemen were, however, the only leaguers who ap- pearcd to disregard the safety and comfort of players. Others evinced the most kindly concern for the poor player; and, even at the risk of losing the "gate" for the "final; of finals, would have called the matches off., When, however, Mr. Baracchi sent along the wire the pleasing assurance that though the weather for the afternoon would be showery there would be dry intervals, and that in his opinion the games might be pro- ceeded with, the committee, transferring the responsibility from their own shoulders to those of the Government astronomer, whom they recognise as the most disinte- rested and trustworthy of advisers, de- cided that the day's fixtures should be brought off. Before separating, the leaguers expressed a unanimous desire that Mr. Baracchi would allow bis name to be added to their weather committee, as they had more confidence in his ability as a meteorologist than in their own, and it was understood that, without committing him- self definitely, Mr. Baracchi was willing to give the proposal serious considera- tion. The league having. made up their minds to play, the association quickly followed suit, though the assurance of Councillor Gardiner, of North Melbourne, that his team would have to forfeit their match might have been allowed a little more weight. Of the seven matches set down on the list six were begun at the usual hour and played to a finish. By a curious coincidence the six games were all of them won and lost in most decisive fashion. Nowhere did the beaten team score anything like half the number of points gained by its conquerors. Indeed, in most instances the winners had the scoring nearly all to themselves, and their tallies were six, seven, and even eight times as large as their victims'. The cir- cumstance is very remarkable, since it up- sets completely all preconceived notions as to the general equality of clubs. How to account for the emphatic failures of teams like South -Melbourne, Melbourne, Carlton, and Williamstown these teams themselves do not know. In no instance is it claimed that the weather was in any way responsible; for the rain fell alike upon winners ad losers, and the mud and the greasy ball were equal disadvantages to both. SOUTH BADLY BEATEN. At South Melbourne the enthusiasm of the Iocal barracker had not been appre- ciably diminished bv the team's reverse the week' before at the hands of Essendon; and, though the Southerners took the field minus a couple of sterling players in Howson and Jolly, they were encouraged from the start with the heartiest of cheers. In addition, they began with the wind rather in their favour, and they began very well, too, for they lost no time in getting the ball up in front of Geelongs8 goal. They, however, got it no further for a space, for. Geelong's backs were in their brightest mood, and shook them off right gallantly. Honours were decidedly easy during the greater part of the quarter, and both teams were playing very attractive football. Just be- fore the single of the first bell was heard South, through their marksman Colgan, notched the first goal of the match, At half-time the Southerners had not in- creased their total, but they had managed; to keep Geelong so well in "check that a single point in Geelong'a favour was the difference in the totals. It bad been seen, however, during this second term, as well! as during part of the first, that Geelong's was the superior system, .and that in con- sequence South were almost constantly de- fending. Exactly similar was the ex- perience of the third and funrth terms, .during which South's only score came from a magnificent place kick by, M'Dermott, who drove the ball from fully 50 yards with tremendous force right on to the goal-post, causing a perceptible vibration of the post, and producing a very distinct. shiver of disappointment amongst the, occupants of the reserve. Geelong mean- while greatly extended their lead, and should have done even better, for James, who kicked two of their goals, made like uise a couple of very feeble tries from the easiest of chances. H. M'Shane, too, had three by no means diificult shots In the last quarter, and only once got near enough to hit the post. It Is due to South to say that throughout the game, even when they failed for half an hour or so at a time.to get within shoot- ing distance, they kept their as- sailants always on their mettle and thought he totals at the end were widely apart, the play had rarely looked at all one-sided. It had, in fact, been one of the nicest matches fo the year to watch, much more other than any league game I have seen for weeks, and always fast, clever, and friendly. Keenan's umpiring was good in the main though a trifle disconcerting at times, as it occasionally happened that the whistle was blown, and a free kick awarded when neither the crowd, nor the players could understand wherefore. His chief fault was, however, not that he was too exacting, but that he missed a great many serious in- fringements and penalised quite as many trifling importance. Had he throughout the game sustained the promise he gave in the opening term his umpiring would have been first class. Although South emerged from the conflict badly beaten, so far as the scores were concerned, they had the satisfaction of feeling that for individual merit their rover Wind- ley had not been surpassed by na of his opponents. From first to last he had judiciously, after his wont, kept out of the crush, and he had done his side immense service with his fine dodging and his even finer kicking,.There is no gainsaying the fact, that for tact, coolness, and ability he had not a peer in the matcn. South'e ruck had generally the call in taking the ball fiom the throw in, and amongst them Cornelius played lovely football.just such as a few years back won. him appreciation and fame at Port Melbourne. Hie was the most artistic following of the day.' Purdy was always strongly and very usefully in evi- dence, and Pleass and Gibson were never for a moment less than fully and service- ably employed. Davidson, Sparrow, and Trimm did sound and effective defence work; and D. Adamson's marking, though less conspicuous than usual, was of definite value to the side. Ralph, right back, came through with the ball in excellent style on several occasions. Southern on the wing put in some splendid work, in spite of the fact that generally, when they came in con- flict, he was outplayed by Brockwell. O'Bara, who took Jolly's place in the centre, gave a good account of his steward- ship, and, specially after half-time, his pace, persistency, and skill were unequi- vocal. For quantity and quality of work amongst the forwards Fraser was easily first, with Giiligan of all the Test alone worth naming. Geelong owed much of their suc- cess to their centre line. On one wing Broockwell's pace and skill made him supreme alike over friend and foe; Bailliff, on the other wing, was built for the position and did not belie his appearance; whilst M'CalLum, in the centre, exhibited a return to the form which earlier in the year broke the hearts of his opponents. The team was powerful also in defence, where every man was a star, and where Conway* Thompson, and Burns shone with most constant lustre. Burns, in the jaws of the goal, blocked many a well-directed shot, and in the final term when out for a run amongst the followers he proved himself as resourceful and as able as he used to be years ago in the ranks of South Melbourne. One passage in which be made clever use of Holfigan was the most tactful in the match and gained his side a goal. Leighton's marking and smartness forward were particularly noticeable; and Walker's sturdy and often brilliant efforts were factors in the same department, where, also, White and Holligan played much too well to be passed over. James, though he contributed, as I have shown, a "brace of coals, did not appear to put enough life into his movements. His kindly disposition was, doubtless, responsible for his comparative idleness. The good-tempered giant always gives one the impression he is fearful of damaging his adversaries. In the ruck Parkin and Flynn, each of whom shaped grandly,; must he bracketed for first place, with Jo. M'Shane not far behind either in general efficiency, and with James M'Shane always lending generous and effective and as rover. Judged by their all-round form in this engagement, Geelong may, I fancy, be ex- pected to win three of their four remain- ing matches for the minor premiership. They may, too, be relied upon to push Essendon their hardest in the most interesting fixture of the four. MELBOURNE OVERWHELMED. On their own ground at Victoria-park Collingwood are always many points better than away from home. The team that pays them a visit is sure of a warm recep-: tion, and, as a rule, the visitors gather together their finest twenty for the serious encounter. Melbourne, from one cause or another, neglected this precaution last week, and their temerity brought upon them the most crushing defeat thejr have suffered for many seasons. Their chief ab- sentees were their able captain, Sutton, their crack centre man, Lewis, their most serviceable wing man, Mitchell, and their active, intelligent, .and resourceful all round performer, Moysey. They had Her- ring and M'Leod once again in harness, but to have a chance with Collingwood they wanted (the! other four men as well. Hellwig and Dowdell were-to be sure a loss to Collingwood. though the .men who filled their places shaped well enough. The game proved, ou the whole, one of the most unequal combats in a day that bristled with inequalities. It was every bit as lopsided as the scores suggest, and it went to show that the usually formidable metropolitans bad had a poor week's preparation and lost their form. Let us hope the loss may prove but momentary, and that to-day will find them fully equipped and fit as ever for their return battle with Fitz- roy. The fiasco at Collingwood needs no description further than to state that Mel- bourne from first to last very rarely had a look in, end that in all departments of play they were outclassed. Special at tention, not necessarily of a kindly charac- ter, was paid in the opening quarter by Collingwood to the Melbourne star M'Ginis; and the latter found himself so hampered that be could not play his customary good game. Indeed, he was pestered so mercilessly, not only at first, but afterwards, that he eventually devoted him self to making reprisals upon his assailants, Under the circumstances, and especially as his side were being so terribly beaten, his friends round the ground were able to make excuses for his little acts of retaliation. It was very late in the day when Herring and Wardill began to exhibit their true form, and it was correspondingly late when War- dill cleverly snapped the only goal gained by Melbourne in the match. One very satisfactory feature, in a game not other wise calling for particularly warm praise, was the admirable umpiring of Crapp, whose coolness never for a moment deserted him, and who exercised throughout most excellent judgment. . Of individual performers, Condon, roving, was the hero of the afternoon, his display effectually silencing those who asserted the week before that in Gregory he had a for- midable rival for the championship of the team. The ruck, as a body, was singularly and consistently successful, with Fell and Hattwood always standing out more prom- inently thin their fellows. Leach, in the centre, and Panam and Sime on the wings, gave their immediate opponents scarce a ghost of a show; and Tttllooh. and Gilliard in general play, and Smith in expert- snapping (5 of the 8 goals were his), were the pick of the forwards; whilst the whole six backs, but in special degree Williams, O'Brien, and Monaghan, distinguished themsdves. War- dill threw himself always heartily into the game, and was the best of the metropoli- tans, although, except towards the close, his ply was generally more dahing than effective. In the final term Herring showed excellence in the ruck, where Moodie worked all day with the pluck and strength (I had almost written ferocity) of a lion. M'Ginis could not under any conditions fail to run at least into prominence, but he has often played better than his best., in this encounter. Wood and Lannigan were fairly successful defenders, and Leith, in his single quarter back, excelled his clubmates. Byers was the only other placed man who earned a line, unless one would mention Geddes as the best of a poor lot forward. 