The Best Authenticated Ghost Story .on ^Record. TOLD BT THB OELEBR VTEP HAHCFEL WILBER-. . Fp^pBi/LATB BiaHoT- OF .WINCHESTER. The following story, which might bo en titled 4 The Phantom Monk,' was told by the celebrated Bishop Wtlbarforco, of Win chester (nicknamed 4 Soapy Sam'),. in hia Memoirs. Fur many reasons, chief amrng which is the unimpoAohablenesa of its narra tor, this account bus a just claim to the title of the best authenticated ghost story on record. Bishop Wilberforce was always a very strong and empathio disbeliever in ghosts, until this experience befol hini, The believer in ghosts will be further interested to learn that tho Bishop-or, as he then was-Canon-was nt the time in his usu«l robust state of health, and not at all in that condition which opponents of ghost seeing deolare to be conducive to seeing visions. The following, then, is a brio! account of the story : . Canon Wilberforce wan staying with a well-known Catholic family in the. villnge of \--,in Hampshire ; and, as tho dinner-hour approached, he wont up to his room in the usual , way . to prepare himself for febo meal. The hoar was about seven o'clock, one December evening ; and as the Canon emerged from his bedroom and was going to dinner, ho pissed a monk going towards the library. As the family were Roman Cafchi?Jic,.he took.no notice of him,-thmking, of course, that he wan a guest staying in the houflo. The dinner h id b^eun *ome t;me, j and as Wilberforce did not see the monk there, he casually asked a lady next to him i If the monk wrr staying at the house. Th* lady turned deathly pale, and then in a stifled way told the Canon that he had seen the family ghoBt. The family ghost, it appears, was a monk, who appeared periodically, and not particu larly in the dead hoars of the night. The ghost was that of a former father confeqBor to the family, who, it was remembered, h«d died rather suddenly and apparently in some distress of . mind. Naturally, the Canon was somewhat startled at the time, but, however, the inci° dent,passed off and nothing more was said about it. About 11.30 that night, However, Wilberforce, as was his custom, wai reading in the library ; everybody elso had gone to bed,., when the door opened and in came the monk. A brave man nt all times, the Canon kept quiet, but was really very frightened, and he noticed the monk go to a. bookshelf, search high and low for Borne thing or other, and, not apparently finding. it, take a hasty glance round the room, and then go out, slamming the door afteri him. As soon as the Reared Canon could suffii-; olently recover his senses, he went to bed. Next evening he determined to solve the mystery, and wa<* witting in the library as usual, when a creak on the stairs told h<m someone was coming. Th<an*the door opened., and there the mank wa«ag»in. A little frightened and scared, Wilberforce .was, nevertheless, ahl« to keep hi=» head cool, and-when the monk went, as usual, to the 'bookshelf, by a grpat effort the Canon asked him what he wanted. 1 The monk turned round, and, with a Einile, said that he was glad someone had spoken to him, as lie was tongue-tied, and dared not speak to anyone before being spoken to.- He. went on to say that he had come to look for a bundle of incriminating papers he had left on tho top of the bookca-e haunted him that he would never r^tr^Bce Jolly., until he had found them. Tho Canon then volunteered to get them down for the monk, and mounted the ladder to do so. Sure enough, at the top of the bookcase, he found a large bundle of mysterious papers, which he handed to the mysterious stranger. He then came down and a«ked th- monk what he wanted to do <vi:h them. With a weird-like look in his eyes, the latter said they must be burned, a? they contained im« portant seorefs about mpmb*rs of the family to which he was father confessor, and which, ' If revealed, would no doubt have caused con siderable unhappineBe to their deacon dants. jSo.the two of them put them on the fire ,\and,watched them burn. As soon as the last .beet disappeared in the flames, che monk took hls leave, and was never seen again. 