" THE LIFE OF A JOCKEY." BY TEDDY NUNN. CHAPTER XXXIV. THE next morning at breakfast, when in conversation over the events of the previous day, Joe informed me that whilst he was having a game of billiards in the afternoon with Mr. Bain the two Arab jockeys and the native trainer came into the room and he heard one of the former say, "There he is, playing with the balls ; both him and the other English jockey are going to the big ball which is to be held to-morrow night, and we must all three be there for certain." " What was meant by it," said Joe, " I can- not understand ; but I expect some mischief is on foot ; we had better be on our guard." " But," said I, " how did they know we were going to the ball, and how does it con- cern them if we are ?" " I don't know," replied Joe, " how they came by the information ; I did not feel in- terested enough at the time to follow them up ¡ but, since then, remembering what you had said about them, I thought I would mention it." The ball was to be held in the principal hotel at a place called Blacktown, and was to be a very grand affair. Before going in we paid a visit to a barber's close by, where we altered our personal appearance. I had a black moustache and a dark wig, whilst Joe had my white wig and Dundreary whiskers. It was arranged that we should pass as uncle and nephew. We did not know many of those who were present, but were prepared to thoroughly enjoy ourselves, and it was not long before we got partners and joined in the dance, which was set merrily going to the strains of a first- class band. During the evening I made the acquaint- ance of a young lady (Miss Aytoun) with whom I had several dances, and in conversa- tion found out that she was the daughter of a very rich old nabob, who was present. I carried on a mild flirtation with the fair lady, and, before taking our departure, had obtained an introduction to the old gentle- man, who gave us a pressing invitation to visit them at their house. Wondering what the old gentleman would say if he knew we were sailing under false colors, we bade them good night, promising to call on them at our earliest opportunity. . It was about 2 o'clock when we left the hotel, and both of us had our heads quite clear. We stepped towards the cabstand, still in our disguises, and engaged a cab to take us to the horse bazaar. Whilst we were taking our seats some natives approached and asked us if we could tell them the time. Amongst them was the native, trainer and the two native jockeys. We recognised them ; they, however, did not appear to know us. On arriving at the bazaar we entered the hotel and, availing ourselves of a vacant apartment, removed our disguises and pre- sented ourselves in our ordinary appearance. We entered the billiard room and, to our surprise, saw our three native friends, who must have followed us in a second cab. Taking no notice of them we purchased a flask of whisky and returned to where we left our cab, with the intention of going back therein ; but on asking the driver to take us to St. James Mount he did not re- cognise us, and told as he was already en- gaged by two gentlemen who had gone into the hotel for change. Saying we could not wait, and as there was another cab close by, Joe asked if it were engaged. " Yes, sahib," said the driver ; " three native gentlemen inside have engaged me to take them to the Mount." " Oh," said Joe; " I see it is our friends in the billiard room ; but as we are in a hurry cannot you take us and let them get another, cab ?" " I will go in and ask the gentlemen," said the driver, handing the reins to his footman. " All right; but look sharp about it," said Joe." When he appeared he said he had arranged matters so that he could at once take us to the Mount. We were both tired out, and when we had gone about three miles on our journey Joe was asleep. I endeavored to keep awake, but, feeling myself going the same way, I called to the driver to stop at the long bridge, where we would get out, and was soon as sound asleep as my friend. I had only been asleep for a few minutes when sounds of a confused nature came to my ears. I fancied I was dreaming, but whilst in this dazed condition the sounds became more distinct. " Hi, hi ; what are you doing, Red ? Give up pulling me about so." " I tried to pull myself together, still thinking I was under the influence of a dream, when again the winds came clearer. "D—n it all, Red ; leave off, do." Then in stronger tones, " Ho, ho ! you sods. Is this your game ? Redhouse, wakeup, man, and come and help me." Then came sounds of a scuffle—as of men struggling together. By this time I had come to my senses and looked out of the back of the cab. I saw poor Joe down on the ground ; he was between two natives, whilst another was calling for a rope ; one was holding his hands behind his back, trying to tie them together, and another was holding his legs. I could scarcely believe my senses or that I was really awake. Outside it appeared as though we were in a thick scrub and the night was as dark as pitch. By the reflection from the cab lamp. I could quickly see what was going on. Shaking myself up, I immediately sought for my pistol, which was rolled up in the rug, and jumped out. Fortunately they thought I was sound asleep under the influence of liquor and were so busily occupied in their struggle's with Joe that they did not notice my movement. I jumped off right upon them, at the same time bringing the barrel of the pistol down on the native's skull, causing him not only to relax his hold but to roll over completely stunned. I did not stop to see if he was dead, but pointed the pistol at the other and swore I would shoot him if he stirred a foot. As he was in a kneeling position holding Joe, who had his face to the ground, he did not attempt to rise, but let go his hold. Feeling himself free, Joe turned and raised himself to a sit- ting posture, remarking, " This is a pretty sort of go, Red ; what is the meaning of it ?" " Can't say," I replied ; " but whatever was meant it was a pretty close shave of coming off ; never mind that now, but let us see to securing these ladies and then we will inves- tigate." Keeping the native still covered with my pistol, I threatened to blow his scalp off if he did not at once untie my friend. " All right, sahib ; me untie him quick ; me mean no harm—only a joke." " Joke, you call it," said Joe ; " wait till I am free and we will see what a court martial will call it." It was not long before he was free and the rope that had secured him had been put to the same purpose on his captor. Turning round I pointed the pistol at the other nigger, who was trying to escape, and threatened to shoot him if he moved. This stopped him. " Don't shoot, massa sahib ; me not go ; me tell you every thing." " Very well," said Joe ; " but first of all we will see you safe." He then ordered him to place his hands behind his back and secured them safely there. Having thus secured them we placed them on their knees, back to back, so that they could not see each other's faces and were unable to signal one another. Holding the pistol at their heads Joe threatened to blow their brains out if they did not speak the truth. He questioned the coachman first and asked him if he had brought us there with the intention of robbing us and leaving us tied up. " No, no, sahib ; me no rob you—me tell all." " Well, be quick about it." said Joe. " Yes, sahib, and me tell you true. When I went into bazaar to ask them whether they would take the other coach as you wanted to go at once they talked a lot between them- selves and then said, ' These two men are not aware that we know who they are and we want to have a lark with them. If you will do as we want you we will give you 15 rupees.' " " Fifteen rupees," said Joe. " Yes, sahib, and I was to ask you only one rupee for driving you so that it would appear cheap. They then asked me if I had any rope to which I replied that there was some under my box seat, 'Well, then,' said he, 'we want you to drive them slowly, and after going about four miles to turn off into the thick scrub for another quarter of a mile when you are sure that they are asleep tie their hands and feet securely, leave them there, and come back to the road where we will be waiting for you and we will pay you the 15 rupees.' " " And you agreed to do this dirty work ?" said Joe. " Yes, sahib ; but before we agreed we asked them what they were going to do with you. They said they would do you no harm but only go and have a laugh at you, after which they would untie you and leave you to walk home by yourselves." " And you say that they will be wailing for you on the road." " Yes, sahib," he replied. " Well, now, we will soon find out if what you say is true ; and if it is, and you will do what we want you to do we will make them pay you the 15 rupees and give you five more besides ; but if you refuse to do as we wish we will drive you back to Madras and hand you over to the authorities to be punished according to your own laws." " Oh, sahib, we do whatever you want us to do ; don't give us up to the police." " All right, then ; I will tell you what to do and what to say as we go along the road as you know the road best you must get up on the box with us, and your mate can ride inside with his hands tied. Wu will untie yours, but, if there is any sign of treachery remember the pistol is at your head." We drove towards the road very slowly, as the night was dark and we had to go through a thick scrub. When within a short dis- tance of the road Joe and I got down, and, going to the cab, I said to the footman, "Now then, you old limb of Satan, bundle out of there quickly." He was not long in obeying orders. We took him about a hundred yards away to where the scrub was thick and bushy. Here Joe and myself and our prisoner sat down and waited. At last we heard someone whistle, which was answered from another direction. On hearing this Joe taking with him his dark rug, crept quietly away towards the direction from whence the sound of the first whistle came, leaving me on guard, pistol in hand, over the footman. Before many minutes had passed I saw two dark forms moving stealthily forward to where our coach had stopped, and where Gongo, the driver, was sitting quietly on the box in obedience to our orders. I heard them say as they approached, "What is he stopping there for ? I wonder how he got on with those white dogs ?" When they got to when the coach was one of them called out, " Have you broken down, Gongo ? Where is your mate ?" I could now see they were the two native jockeys : the trainer, I presumed, had been left in charge of the coach. In reply Gongo said, " No ; me no broke down ; the white chaps sleep plenty ; me leave them tied up." " Where is your mate ?" they inquired. " Oh, him stop along with white men to help you loose them. You pay me now the 15 rupees and me go home to Madras. My mate will come with you in your, coach." " Oh, we will pay you that to-morrow in town." " No," replied Gongo ; " me want rupees now." " We can't pay you till till morrow," they said. They were proceeding with promises when they were all startled with the sound of a tremendous yell coming from the direc- tion of the road, then the sound of horses breaking away with an empty wagon behind them. When they heard this, thinking something had happened to to their coach, the two natives ran to see what was the matter ; they had not gone far before they stopped short, at the same time emitting such fright- ful yells and cries that they well nigh fright- ened the wild beasts for miles round. No wonder they were frightened, for just a few yards in front of them appeared a fiery illu- mination in the form of a man ; this, to their superstitions nature, could be no other than the devil himself. Turning quickly back they went yelling and screaming towards the coach, and on reaching it they clambered inside, calling out to Gongo to drive quickly on to Madras. But Gongo never moved. rushing up to the door of the cab, with my pistol held towards them, I said, " Now, you black imps of Satan ; you infernal hounds, I have got you in your own trap. Move and I will shoot you." " Don't shoot, massa ; please not hurt us. We never meant you any harm—only a little fun." " Yes," said Joe, who had come up with the footman, "and now you shall sec what fun we will have with you before we have finished." Telling the coachman to get down, he asked him if they had paid the 15 rupees, to which he replied no. Joe called out, " Now, you black dogs, cash up. Pay these fellows what you promised them for doing your infernal work, or I will fire a shot into each of you." They declared they had not the amount with them but said they would pay them on the morrow. On Joe again demanding the money for payment all they could produce between them was six rupees. Joe took this amount and gave it to the driver. He then handed the footman his heavy cane and told him to go inside and thrash them well, threatening that if he did not do so he would use it on him. After thrashing them till he was tired Joe called him out and ordered the coaches to repeat the dose. Thinking they had now had about enough we ordered them out and then told the coachman and footman to tie them up. They cried and bellowed, begging to be allowed to go free, but we showed them no mercy ; after seeing them securely bound we left them lying helpless on the ground and drove off, anxious to get home before daylight. We had about three miles to go ; after going a few hundred yards I said to Joe, " The poor devils have had no more than they deserve, but I think they have had sufficient punishment : suppose we let them loose." " All right," said Joe, " I will go and set them at liberty, but I will give them another fright first." Covering his dark rug with flour of sul- phur he crept quite near them and saw that one had nearly extricated himself from his fastenings and was trying to release the other from his, but before he had time to do so Joe, with a frightful yell, rushed into their sight, within a distance of 50 yards, appearing as though in a blaze. Yelling as though old Nick was really upon them, the one that was free took to his heels ; the other being still partially bound, made frantic efforts, to get away, and at last succeeded. With a yell and like a shot from a gun he was up and off into the jungle after his comrade. Joe came back highly amused at his suc- cess in frightening them. Of course we had heard the yells, and cries and after Joe had related his experience with them we laughed heartily. We were now satisfied and drove on to our journey's end. After paying the driver liberally, we threatened that if they men- tioned what had happened that night we would prosecute them in the law courts. " They promised faithfully to keep silence and drove off thankful, no doubt, that their night adventures were over and that they had got off so well. Having to ride that day, it being the last day of the races, Joe and I turned in for a couple of hours' rest which we felt we needed. As it was Saturday the races did not start until 4 o'clock in the afternoon so we enjoyed a good rest until breakfast. We awoke thoroughly refreshed and after a welcome shower bath and a good breakfast proceeded to get the horses ready, and at 3 o'clock set out for the racecourse. I did not think much of my chance in the Steeple- chase. My horse, Big Robert, was about as fit as he could be made in the time I had had for his preparation, but I knew there were some good horses in the race. Joe, however, had a different opinion, and as I was getting ready to weigh he came to me and said, "I have taken 50 rupees to 10 about Big Robert ; will you go halves with me ?" " Yes, I'll go halves, Joe ; but if I loose you must not blame me ; I don't think I can win if that grey horse of Mr. Adams stands up ; he is just a little too good for Big Robert," " Nonsense," replied Joe ; " a nigger is riding him whom I knew down Bangalore way and he is no good for this part of the country." " Very well," I said ; " you may depend on me doing my best, but you will find there are others beside him who will require close watching, but if I have a ghost of a show you will find me in front at the finish." " Stick to that, old boy," said Joe, " and watch your chance and you will come out out the right side." There were six horses in the race, including my mount on Big Robert, and, with the ex- ception of the one native above mentioned, the other riders were Europeans. The dis- tance was about three miles and the course good, but there was some stiff timber to negotiate. We were all sent away to a good start. The native on the grey led over the first fence, the rest of us following, and aa all were going pretty fast and jumping well I thought that if they kept the pace up to the end I would be out of it altogether ; though running last I kept plodding on, keep- ing a respectful distance, but ready should an opportunity occur to give me a chance. As we got round the first time I noticed that the native's horse was coming back to us ; after passing the stand an officer who was riding a big chestnut horse took the lead, but on coming to the next fence he swerved, again giving the native the lead. At the next fence he also baulked ; then the other two, ridden by European jockeys, came on and took the fence beautifully, and the rest of us followed. I was still in the rear, but my horse was jumping well and strong and I felt that if they made any mis- take I should not be far out of it, so I kept sailing along. At the next fence, of the two that led one baulked and the other fell, and as the grey was coming up on the outside he also refused to jump. The horse ahead of me cleared the fence safely, and I followed him. There were now only two more jumps and the run home, and before the others could get going again we two were making for the last jump. I could see that the horse in front of me was about pumped out. Big Robert seemed to have plenty of go in him, so I in- creased my speed and got close up to the leader. On seeing me the rider drove his spurs into his horse and rushed him at the fence ; instead of going over it he ran round it. I had now a clear course and after get- ting safely over felt out of danger. Of the others the grey especially made great efforts to get up, but he was too late, for they had only just cleared the fence when I passed the judge's box, winner of the Steeplechase. My friend Joe was so excited that there was no holding him, and after I had been duly declared and weighed out, he rushed up to me, shouting, " Give me your hand, old pal ; you did the trick well and came home neatly." I thought he would never leave go my hand. On looking round who should I see near us, listening to what had passed, but our old friend, Mr. Aytoun, whom we had met at the ball a few evenings previously, and to whom, in our disguise, we had passed, as uncle and nephew. He was looking very hard and curiously at us, and at last he said, " Excuse me, but, although strangers, I could almost swear from your voices that I had met the two of you before, but where I cannot recall." " Oh," said Joe, " there is nothing sur- prising to me in that ; I have often been taken for someone else when down in Colombo." " Really," said the old gentleman, " and do you happen to know a person by the name of Mr. Horn ?" " Well," replied Joe, "I have met that gentleman and his nephew, who are on a visit to Madras, but have only a slight ac- quaintance with him ; not sufficient to call him a friend." " My reason for mentioning him," said the old gentleman, " was that I met him and his nephew at a party the other evening and the resemblance of your voices to theirs was so similar that I could not help being struck by it ; I trust you will not feel offended at me for intruding." " Not at all ; it was only natural on your part." With that the dear old dad bowed and passed on. As we followed him with our eyes we saw our fair Lily join him ; he seemed to be relating what had passed between us, judging from the looks she gave us over her shoulder. " Narrow shave that, " said Joe ; " fancy the dear old dad detecting uncle and nephew by the sound of their voices. We are well out of it, but I hope we shall yet have a chance of meeting them again in the same characters." " I'll tell you what we'll do," I said to Joe ; " there is to be a ball at the barracks to- morrow evening; the fair Lily and her dad are sure to be there, and so will the uncle and nephew, if you don't object." " No, by jove ; I don't object. I should like to have another spree with you. Red, be- fore going back to Bangalore." After, the races were over we returned home highly elated with our success Joe then began to relate what happened during the time the race was being run. Be- side the 50 rupees he had won he had also won another 100 rupees from a swell in the grandstand, who had a great fancy for the grey. (To be concluded on Monday.) 