LITERARY CHIT-CHAT. Mr. John Arthur Barry is another Australian author who has acquired a firm hold on the other side of the world. We hear that he has undertaken to produce a dozen short stories for an English magazine the first literary contract of such dimensions that has been made by a British publisher with an Antipodean author. Our readers, who know Mr. Barry of old as a master of the art of writing attractive stories, will be glad to hear that his leap into eminence has not caused him to forget his old friends ; he has promised a story for our coming Christmas number. ' Mr. A. Quiller Couch has written a new novel, the first since " The Blue Pavilions," for " Scribner's." "The Romance of a Midshipman," Mr. Clark Russell's new novel, will appear in October. A remarkable instance of how little the Anglo-Indian reading classes thought of Mr. Rudyard Kipling as a writer when he was working as an active journalist among them is recited in the " Westminster Gazette" by a gentleman who has just returned from the Punjab. It has reference to the " Christmas Quartette," a little volume of short sketches contributed by the whole Kipling family. Says the writer :-" It was published at Lahore in December, 1885, at the humble price of 2s. (to be quite exact, one rupee eight areas),, and had no sale to speak of. Mr. D. P. Masson, then the managing proprietor of the " Civil and Military Gazette," of which Kipling was sub-editor, told me that until the London boom came he could have papered Lahore with unsold copies of the book.' Then the rush began,) and they went off like wildfire. The demand for copies was tremendous, and the market value for the Kipling ,' Quartette', in India to-day is just about £6." Not long ago (adds the " Literary World") a single copy put up by auction at Sotheby's fetched £12 10s, and only last week the same author's " Echoes" brought £19 5s., and his " Departmental Ditties," £14. The second volume of the Spurgeon biography has been published. It takes the work up to the year 1855, and includes the story of Spurgeon's marriage and his zenith of popularity at the Tabernacle. Mr. C J. Cutcliffe Hyne has completed a book of tdflrel.MiwMch will be published early in thatching season under the title of " Through Arctic Lapland." Mr. Hyne has hitherto been known as "the author of stirring flJllon, mostly of a sea-going order. Mr. Justin McCarthy's "Reminiscences" is so far advanced that its publication may be soon expected. It has been decided to allow it to occupy two volumes, uniform in style with the " History of Our Times." Friends of Mr. John Arthur Barry will be pleased to know that Messrs. Duckworth and Co., the London publishers, have accepted from him for publication next spring a new novel, entitled " A Son of the Sea"; also, a volume of short stories, among which are three or four which were written for the " Queenslander," including The Frances Ruby" and " Steer North-east," the latter one of the most striking stories that Mr. Barry has written. This year there are the new edition of " Steve Brown's Bunyip," just out, and " The Luck of the Native born for next month, besides many short stories in the "Strand," "Pearson's," and " Harmsworth's." Mr. Barry has so many orders from English publishers that he does scarcely any work for Australian papers how. - Indeed, he tells us that the " Queens- lander" will be the only Australian newspaper with a Christmas story by him this year. Of this story, which he has called " Mizpah," the author writes :-" I am sure it is the best bush story I have ever writ- ten." Mr. T. Fisher Unwin has in preparation for early publication a collection of stories by Mr. Louis Becke. There are about twenty of them in all, and they will appear under the title of " Rodman the boat steerer, and Other Tales " In collaboration with Mr. Walter Jeffery, the same author is about to deal with the naval history of Australia, in a work which will be entitled " The Naval Pioneers of Australia." Mr. George W. Cable has made a decided success of his readings from his own books, which he has been giving lately In London This is likely to encourage other American authors who read from their works to tempt fortune in England. For the put ten years authors' readings have been very popular in America, where there is a strong personal interest in writers, and several novelists have added considerably to their incomes on the platform. Before Mr. Cable became well known to readers in the Northern States, he made a success by his readings. Messrs. Methuen and Co. are to be the publishers next year of " The Life and Letters of Robert Louis Stevenson," upon which his literary executor, Sydney Colvin, has for some time past been engaged. It has been stated that large selections of the letters will be published In " Scribner's Magazine" before the book is issued. Apropos of this work, the new paper, " M. A. P., has an interesting article on the novelist and hiswife Mr. T. P O'Connor's journal says What Steven- son's wife was to him only she and he entirely knew. Though she was several years older, there was never a woman more fitted for his wife. Their interest in each other, their power of understanding each other, their ever-present perfection of sympathy, is best exemplified in the fact that they often, years after they were married, were known to remain talking all night long till the sun rose Mrs Stevenson is a slight woman. Her eyes are like black velvet, sombre, inscrutable, fathomless. Her face is the face of a sphinx ; her nose is straight and Oriental, there is the ghost of a dimple in her pale cheek. Her hair is as black as her eyes, thickly flecked with silver, cut short, falling in curls about her neck, and growing low about the temples. She is composed, intense, repressed in manner ; she makes no gestures, she sits in a large chair, both hands (loaded with barbaric rings) resting lightly on the arms. Her very attitude again suggests the sphinx crouching in the desert. When you 1901 at her daughter, Mrs. Rose Strong, who is with her, tropical in colour, lustrous eyed, with the face of a gipsy, a sibyl you see what she must have been when Stevenson fell in love with her. Mrs. Stevenson was her husband's comrade. ' He taught me how to live, she says, as a far-away re- miniscent look steals into her eyes." The play founded on Mr. Hall Caine's novel "The Christian will appear first in New York. Arrangements are being made for its production In Washington some time in September, but English audiences will be constrained to wait the return from Australia of Mr. Wilson Barrett, who is to produce it. I have seen it recently stated (says a writer to the " Sketch") that Scott founded his " Guy Mannering" on the story pt James Annesley, but I think this is pretty Veil disposed of by Mr. Andrew Lang. Scott appears to have founded his tale either on the adventures of a grandson of a Carruthers of Donaont, or on those of a Max- well of Glenormiston. Lord Roberts's work, " Forty-one Years in India : from Subaltern to Commander in-Chief," which was first published in two volumes in January of last year, has had an almost unprecedented sale, twenty-nine editions having been called for since its first appearance. Last month a new edi f on-the thirtieth-of the work, was issued in one volume. 