Good Stories — Old and New. Among the many stories concerning the late Sojourner Ti'uth, the famous negress, is this, which represents her as a beggar, but as a witty ono : — At one time during the war she waB in Washington, and called on President Lincoln and gave him her photograph, saying ' The face is black, but haB a white back to it. Will you please give me a picture of your face, with a green bock to it ?' Lincoln smilingly handed her a ten-dollar greenback, . the vignette of which was the picture of Mb face. Sir Charles Hall in his autobiographical portion of his ' Life and Letters,' just pub lished, says he, was entrusted with the musical arrangements of the Manchester Art Treasures Exhibition of 1857, and, naturally, he often paid a visit to tho picture galleries there. 'As usual,' writes he, ' the catalogue has its humorouB points by accidental interchanges of numbers. Thus a picture of King Lear on bis deathbed was described as ' There is life in tho old dog yet,' and you could daily hear tho remark, ' How true!' when passing it. Anothor, representing a ' madman sitting stark naked on tho bare ground with his arms clenched round his knees was called 'Portrait of Lord John Russell.' An old man was heard to remark, ' Probably when he was out of office!''/ In a provincial theatre, where Maoboth was being recently played by a clever man, who was also a groat favourite with his audience, in tho banquet scene ho had delivered his words to the: ghost of Banquo, ' Hence, hence, hence !' when ho dropped on his knee, covering his face with(b.is robe, and shudderedconvulsivoly. Just as tlie applause was over, a youth in tho gallery, carried away with tho intensity of the acting, cried out to him; ' It's all right now. Smith: he's eono!' Two countrymen paused in tho reptile house in the Zoological Gardens, and contemplated the boa-constrictor. 'I say' said the first contryman, ' what's that thing tied himself up in a knot for like that ? '' Oh,' replied his companion, in a superior manner, ' I suppose he wanted to remind himself of something when he woko up.' . A trooper in a I'egiment of hussai's had omitted to wash his horse's nose bag, though ho had pipe-clayed it. The serjeaut-major promptly brought him to task. ','How is it you have not washed your nose-bag?' 'I have washed it.' 'Well it is 'quite dry ; and, if you had washed it, it would have been wet.' 'Ah, but I washed it in hot water !' Herrmann, the conjurer, whoso death was lately reported, was once instrumental in ox posing a case of cheating at cards. Tho, St James* Gazette tells how, at d well-known London club, ecarte was one of the favourito games indulged in for stakes by no moanB insignificant. It was observed that on those oocasions a certain member almost invariably rbso a considerable winner. At length bo marked, became tho good fortune of this inembor that another determined to probe tho matter to the bottom. One evening, accord ingly, at his own rooms, he introduced Hermann undor a false name to asoloct party of tho members, among whom figured tho suspected ono. At the close of the. night's amusement, whon tho guests had dopartod, the host turned to tho conjurer and demanded his opinion. 'Nota doubtof ifc,' replied Hermann, ' our f riond cheats, but oxactly how I can't say yot. Givo mo anothor chance.' A second mooting was subsequently arranged. And play began. Suddouly, Hormann, looking straight at the supposed culprit, oxclaimed, ' Where did you got that king ?' ' Whoro ?' replied tho othor, ' out of tho pack, of course.' ' Impossible, ray dear sir,' retorted Hormann, ' for I happen to have all tho four kings hero,' and thereupon ho calmly drew them from his sleove and laid thorn on tho tablo.' A f riond callod on a worthy divine, who had been offerod a bishopric Tho daughter of tho house mot him at tho door. 'Is your fathor going to accopt it?' ho inquired. ' Well,' tho young lady replied, demuroly, ' father is praying for guidance in tho library. ? Mother is packing upstairs.' John Drydon was onoo ? in company with two noblo lords, who entered upon a friondly controversy as to which could write tho bettor impromptu. They made Drydon the judge, and fell to soribbling1 When tho appointed timo was up, glorious John looked at thoir manuscripts, and Bmilingly announood that, although tho Earl of Mulgravo had wr.itton somo pretty versos, yot ho was bound to givo his voice for my Lord Dorset, who had simply written, ' On sight pay to Mr. John Drydon ono hundred pounds.' A good story is told of tho lato Mr. Jamos Grant illustrating the difficulties of an editor -who worked umlor tho supervision of a com mittoo of John Barloyoorns. He tolls us that a worthy mombor of tho oonclavo onoo got up and gravoly dolivored himsolf to tho effoot: — ' Mr Chairman, tho 'Tisor is nothing if it is not impartial ; and ns Mr. Grant has now writton twolvo articles in support of' Sir Charles Napior'B candidature for Parliament, I bog to move that ho be instructed to -write twelvo moro in support of Sir Oharlos's op nonout.' 