SOWN THE DANUBE. It was a perfect May morning, a veil; of rosy haze, not yet lit up with sun light, hung over the woodlands of the Prater and almost hid from our view; tt.ho hpifrVifa'of 'the Kah'lenbere. as we -sailed 'between the green banks of the ©anube to Simmering, at which place we found the steamer for Budapest. At Simmering we see the island of Ijobau, which, in 1809, served Napoleon as a rallying point for his ;army, after! his defeat in the battle of .Aspern, the small village which lies Tjehiftd the island. It is here that he crossed the Danube and fortified the, -surrounding banks, until he gained strength t« cross the stream a second time and regain his lost laurels by ?defeating the Austrian* at 'Wagi-am. ?On the right bank of the river, ailittle 'below Simmering, as 'the site of the 'Turkish camp, where Soliman pitched, ibis tent an his first siege of Vienna.' There was little of interest until we ireauhed Hainburg, unless the Castle of (Count Otto Truun, with its 365 ?windows, could be called «o. Xt Hooked more il ike a gloss house, -as -we (passed it in the morning sunlight, than a castle inhabited by human ?beings. At-Beutchaltenburg we caught '-sight of an old Roman rotunda, the ?remains of .Roman baths, and a very -old Gothic church in the centre of a /graveyard of past centuries. Ham burg, situated upon the end of the ?Leithagebirge, with Theban on a spur ?of the small Carpathians, forms the Porta Hungarica, through which the Danube flows into the land of Hungary. It is one of the most Ancient towns on the river. History .declares it to be of Critic origin, and ilater, with Deulchaltenburg and JPatronell, it became the Roman Carnatutia. Upon, the wooded hill which rises beside the present town .are the euperb ruins of *tie Roman Acropolis, baths and antiquities of igreat value, among theih an alter ifoiind on the rterrace of the Acropolis, (placed there by Marcus JVurelitte in ?l7.St,are exhibited to risrters. We isaw nothing, however, beyond the .Acropolis, and remains of the walls, tfor Hainburg was once a walled city, .-and below the town en n grassy Sprdmontony -the column raised to the 'ttVemory of the .Roman Emperor IProbes, .whose soldiers planted the (first -grape vine an Panenia. in this ?old: city, if we can believe the ?' Nibelungenlied,' Konig Etzel, the Attila at history, spent a night on Ihis way to 6ght Queen Chrirahilda, .iand.we are told tthat a fmrtrait «f *his jgreoi'hero is curved ever one of the jgates of the city. The ruins of Castle Rothektoin, and a magnificent, castle ibuilt for Prince Eugiene of Savoy, ?were quickly passed as our steamer seared the spot where the river March joins the Danube at the foot of the. *teep rocky promontory «pon which ttfee celebrated rains of Thelaa stand. By what mysterious force were inrild ang materials ever raiseS *« that ibeighti We are assured 4ftat it was Sbuilt by the Sdaves ia the sixth ?century. Five hundred yea-re later it .came into the hands of the Hungarian family of Bathory, and man after int« Jthat of the Palffys. A romantic love atory -clings to these dark-grey .waRs. Ji. jgay young knight loved and carried ?off a lady. Her parents commanded ftiim to give her up ; be refused, of ?course, and the -castle was blockaded. Ihis blockade was -contin«e4 oatil «tarvataeu prevented further wsiufc «nco. Them the lovers mounted to the ?turn mi t of tbe great tower which rites on the extreme point of the rocky promoutory, aud clasped in each other's arms sprang into the Danube. It is the most frightful leap imaginable ; we fairly shuddered as we looked up to the dark ruin of this tower, still standing like a sentinel on the verge of the now green hill-side. My young companions had not ceased speaking of this legend when the city of Pressburg came in sight, the ruins of its old castle, like an overturned tea-table, rising high above the town. It was in this castle that Marie Theresa presented her infant Josef to the Magyar magnates, and caused that memorable scene in which they drew their swords, shouting, ' We will die for our King !' This castle was de stroyed by fire in 1811. Pressburg, like Hainburg, is of Celtic origin, and was formerly called Wratislawburgem, but was conquered and secured by the Hungarians. Mathias Corvinus often held court here, and after the Turks took possession of Oien, Pressburg became the crowning city of Hungarian kings. It has sustained many sieges during the wars in the early history of Hungary, but never .passed out of ilaygar hand* after they won it from the Celts and Sclaves. After leaving Pressburg the scenery became strangely similar to that of the Upper Mississippi. The woods on the banks were greener than these we had left on the Austrian 6hore, and from under the furred oisers fringing the stream, long fiat boats glided out to the river. They were rowed by peasants in bread brimmed hats anfl long blue aprons like a dress sTrirtr; one would have thought them women but for the long tnustachios with waxed ends, and their dark-blue cloth jackets, with large silver buttons in bunches of three, front and back, and on shoulders and :hips. Farther tiewn tfhe river were little mills for grinding the grain brought by these peasant boats. They are small, barn-like buildings on the very edge of the bank, over the water, sometimes'; indeed, raised above the water itself and connected with the land by a boat-bridge. The wheels that turn these mills are gigantic, seemingly as large as the mill itself. They turn very slowly, and rise out of the water, their broad paddles dripping with glistening drops of water, recall ing to my mind Heine's lovely little poem : 'The null-Wheel dripping with diamonds, Which in the golden sunset shine I' As we sailed past Roab we caught a glimpse of St. Martin or Martinsburg, the celebrated Benedictine abbey, built by Stefan the Holy. Une of the young ladies of our party had visited the -convent, and gave us a charming de scription of an ivory alter there carved in the year 997, containing a pictorial history of the Site of Christ. Our si earner soon reached Kninorn, which -eince the time of Mathias Corrinus has been the most important fortress of Hungary. One glance was -enough to convince us that it was im pregnable. It has never been taken. On either side of the town small grassy promontories tun out into the river Jike projecting arms, and these are bat as outer coverings to the fortress walls, tbe green banks pre senting a row of cannon. From this portion of the river the journey was most interesting until we reached Grau, and here the whole town, which was once a fortress, seemed new all cathedral. It is certainly a magnifi cent building, and as we steamed towards it late in the afternoon, the windows blazing with rays of the setting sun, the -gilded cross of the dome flashing in the light, it seemed a palace not made with hands, but as if let down upon gorgeous sunset deads from heaven. The cathedral is modelled from St. Peter's in Rome, and was thirty-ive years in building. It stands on a rocky plateau far above the .river, and this plateau elopes in grassy terraces to the banks of the stream. Adjoining the cathedral is the Archbishop's palace, the seminary buildings, with library and picture irallerv. and a laree extent of canSen. the high walls of which shut out the j beauty of these classic shades from I the curious observer. It was far the ; consecration ef this cathedral that the \ Maestro tbe late Ft«mk Liszt wrote the ' Graner Mass,' one of his finest ' compositions. After leaving Grau the Danube flows between high wooded - hills and rocky promonto.-ies. Upon ( these banks are a few ancient villages, j romantically situated in. little bays and curves of the river, tat nothing es pecially worthy of interest until the weird ghostly ruins of Visigrad were defined against the deep grey clouds, floating above the rocky hillside from which this castle rises. Visigrad, the high castle, is «f Sdatnmic origin: It has played a. prominent part in the history of Hungary. It was Ute favorite summer house of Hungarian Kings, and Matbais Corvinus expended such sums upon it that tbe foreign am bassadors at Ins court were bewildered by its beauty, and the Papal Legate named ft '' Earth's Paradise.' It was here that Carl of Anjou, choten King of Hungary in 1307, held his superb tournaments and festivals. Like Theban and many other castle ruins in Hungary, Visigrad has horrible legends connected with it, and the ghosts of two women are said to wander about its towers, one a princess, the other a peasant. I give these legends as they were told to me while sailing under tbe gloomy towers, the quiet stars looking down and the moonlight streaming through broken arches, and silvering the rugged stones of the mighty ruin above us. The story of Lady Clara, ?the daughter of Felician Zach, is the saddest, of all tragedies. She was the favourite maid of honor of Queen Emma, wife of Ring Robert of Hungary. She was loved by Ladislaws of Poland, the brother o$ the Queen. She did not- return his love, but through an evil intriguo of the Queen was deceived by the Prince and sent back to her father disgraced, for Ladislaws refused to marry her. Her father and brothers discovering that she had been betraved determined to be revenged on the royal family. One day as they sat at table, Felioian and his sons rushed upon them with drawn swords, and although held back by the attendants they succeeded in slightly wounding the Sing stud cutting off three of the Queen's fingers. For this attemped assassination the greyheaded father and sons were instantly executed, ' and the unfortunate Clara, 'fastened to the heels of a wild horse, ' met a frightful dnath. The other legend relates to the unknightly behavior of Mathias Corvinus. Disguised as a huntsman he won the ?heart of Vilmo, a lovely peasant girl, who lived on the banks of the Danube, oopposite Visigrad. He used to row across the river to her every evening, and promised to marry her as soon as he could gain the King's consent to their union. At last the young girl, driven to suspicion and doubt by the hints and repeated assertions of her companions, that it was the King him self who was her lover, determined to cross the river, although he had for bidden her ever to do so, and herself gain the permission of the great King, Mathias, to her marriage with his forester. As she was admitted to the festive hall, whore he sat surrounded by lords and ladies, she immediately recognised her lover in the person of the Kins. Shrinking with wild laughter, she rushed upon him, crying out, ' Thy bride, Mat-bias, has come to the wedding,' then to the musicians, I ' Now play us a Csardas !' She j caught the King by the arm, and i raising her hand to his face pronounced I a most frightful curse upon him and i his boEse, then with the swiftness of the wind she rushed across the hall and j sprang through the open window over the parapet into the Danube 200 feet below. The King left his favorite castle that very day, aud never re turned to it again. The oh! Soliman tower, six stories high, that stands lower down ou the bank of the river, is so called because in the twelfth century Prince Soliinan was imprisoned here for a year and .vhalf by his cousin, King Lazlo IV., against whom he had rebelled. In 1520, Sultan Solimaa conquered Visigrad, aud it became a stronghold of the Tarks until Duke Carl of Lotliriagen in 1G84 freed Hungary for everfrom these barbarians. It was too dark before we reached Waitzen, the next point of interest on the river, to see very much of the city, except its church-towers and the outlines of its houses. It was one of ?the largest of the Roman settlements in Panonia, and remains of Romtn acqneducts, with monuments dedicated to Mars and Vends, are numerous A tablet on one of these columns tells as it was tbe headquarters of the Second Roman Lfgion. The lovely isle, Mar garet, where Princess Hargit, daughter of Bela IV., raised a convent, seemed only a mass of waving trees as we passed it in the moonlight; a few twinkled through the dark branches, but vie could form bo idea «ff its beauty and the beauty of its convent ruinB until we saw them on the following morning in the sunlight, with the whole island I like a ** garden of delight,' as the i Turks called it, floating on the bine waters. A Nice Jsm.t.—'' ©»?-«* the nicest jellies I ever tasted *sa ««rved under the very ?nattraotira name of *Beer Jelly,1 bat it looked co clear ana crystal-like that 1 partook of it, fnnnd no trace of the vnlgar Said in it, enjoyed it, and asked for the recipe, which was gives to me, thus — 2 oz. gelatine ; 12 oz. white engar ; ws clores ; the jnice *ud rind of 2 lemons ; 1 pi*t of strong pala ale ; 2 vggs ; 1% pint of cold water. Proceed as for wives-font jelly, «nd tie result is .delicious.' 