from % Circle. (BY ADAGIO). It has been a frequent subject of wonder that the best theatrical companies in the colonies do not see fit to patronise Westralia. The inducements offering are strong ones. Our population certainly is not large, but it coinprises an abnormal proportion of adult males—men who spend their evenings from home simply because they have no homes to go to. It is not too much to say that our theatre-going population is a large one. That it is an intelligent one and capable of appreciating high-class shows is obvious, seeing that three-fourths of our people are drawn directly from the other colonies, and more especially from Melbourne and Sydney. It is safe to say that this colony offers as high a field for theatrical investment as South Australia or Queensland, and is far ahead of Tasmania. Yet this province has beeu with a few honorable exceptions the dumping grounds for the halt, the lame, and the blind from the more favored colonies—the windgalled, spavined, exploded frauds and fiascos who couldn't make a living alongside of even average talent, and -who are compelled in consequence to exile themselves to the happy hunting ground of duffers ^ and deadbeats— Westralia. CLARE'S has from the beginning fought for a higher standard of things. We have taken high ground, assumed an equality with the Eastern colonies, and from that immovable standpoint have criticised fearlessly and justly, with much beneficial effect in local theatrical spheres and considerable financial loss to ourselves—which latter is, however, a trifle compared with the satisfaction of hating carried ourpoint. Whilst our i>nn»iimhni>i>n^ contemporaries Dot sat in open-mouthed satisfaction, we dared, to the intense horror and disgust of many of our supporters, to criticise the Bracey Opera Company. For that we were insulted at the door of the theatre, whilst advertisements and printing were taken away as a matter of course. From advices since received it appears that the general •pinion in Sydney and Melbourne was that it was absolutely the rottenest opera company that ever tr®d the boards. So much for our critiques and our critics. That was the first battle in the campaign that has been going on ever since. We attacked Rickards for mixing his galaxy of undoubted stars with a certain amount of trash, though we must confess that there cannot be any doubt now that he means to give us the best talent at his disposal. But there is another side to the question of good or bad companies coming here. A theatre is necessary. There is only one theatre in the colony, and that is in the hands of Mr. Tom Molloy. Mr. Molloy doubtless knows his own business better than we do, but for curiosity's sake we would like to know why he has constantly bluffed Eastern companies of high grade out of taking the theatre We have evidence before us which shows that fair offers were recently made by George Rignold and Harry Rickards, which, if treated in a business- like manner . would have resulted in the following powerful companies appearing at the Theatre Royal in close succession:— George Rignold's co. (now in Queensland), Charles Cartwright and co., Rickards (with the Hegelmanns and other stars imported at enormous cost), and Pattie Browne (now on her way to Australia). The " Prisoner of Zenda" company, which threatened to come, has also been mysteriously lost to us, though who is to blame in this instance there is no means of ascertaining. Certain it is that there con be no doubt about the case of Maggie Moore. For twenty years she has been the most consistent star that ever appeared before an Australian audience. She is now visiting Australia for the first time, and has to appear—in a barn, want to pose as Mr. Jttolloy s business adviser, but «i he is, to a considerable extent, the arbiter of our theatrical destinies, we have a perfect right to ask why these things arc. Perthit.es want good shows, and are prepared to patronise thein. If the only building m the colony capable of accommodating them is to be kept conspicuously unavailable it is (juite time some enterprising individual set. about building another, "The Octoroon " has been played to fair audiences at the Koval during the week, and Boucicault's ancient wheeze seemed to exercise a good deal of its former fascination. Harry Fitzmaurice gave a strong impersonation of villain MeCloskey, which is about the four hundredth villain that Fitz has played in Perth. The death fight between M'Closlcey and Wah-no-tee is a sensational scene, and both combatants come out of it with credit. A. D. Jackson is an actor of the quiet, contained order, and his " Wah-no-tee," if at times lacking in fire and dash, was a good conception. Mr. Arthur Ainsworth made his first appearance as George Peyton. I trust it will also be his last. He might play an amateur ghost in an amateur Hamlet show, or an Egyptian mummv with success, but as a living human being he is apparently one of the rankest failures ever perpetrated on the stage, His George Peyton is no more like the dashing young Southern planter thau the Rev. Robert Spalding is like a colonel of dragoons. Frank Clark, as Salem Scudder, showed the veteran who does not lag superfluous yet; Miss Kathleen Cranstone was lisping and lackadaisical, and looked too young as Mrs. Peyton and Miss St John was a somewhat too rplump Zoe! •»»• Miss m Florence TT Hope .is V ' i wooden as Dora Sunnyside. The scenery may be briefly described as " hash." * * v Syd. Deaue's two songs, " The Happiest Land " aud " Dear Mother England," are undoubtedly the best items at Cremorne. I like Mr Deane best in songs of the martial, patriotic order, and I strongly advise him to cut down his " lovesick " repertoire down to a minimum. The tableau in connection with •« Dear Mother England" is splendidly arranged. Johnny Coleman receives, I understand, .£90 per week, When I heard him sing I put the "nought" down as unearned increment, but when he commenced to dance I mentally doubled his "screw." He is the most original, grotesque, and artistic danger we have bad here yet. His " Scarecrow Dance" is an effort of genius and a triumph ot execution, Martyn Hagan bears a striking resemblance to Thornton and his medley with Miss Lucy Fraser is bright and amusing. Miss Fraser sings her " cradle song " with singularly pleasing effect. I have imitation of Irving Bayles, and I have arrived at the conclusion that there is no more similarity between the mannerisms of the two gentlemen than there is between their complexions. Mr. Harvey is happier in some of his other imitations, but cultivates a miike-up " so hideous as to make him an absolute eyesore. The Minton.s are competent medleyists, and Miss May Lewis sings with 'spirit. Miss Nellie Sheldon is a charming and graceful dancer, and possesses a small drawingroom voice. Will Stevens is described °. n tlle l ? 111 as a buffo-eccentricity," and 1 8 JV st e *a<*ly what he is. Dave Ga s Vj m 1R popular, and so is Charlie 9, 0 * 7 „ Rj^'fards himself appears 011 May 2, and other stars follow. ME. GEOBGE BAGSHAW (now appearing at Freniantle Bijou). 