THE MARTIAL BARD. A COMIC OPERETTA IN ONE ACT. SCENE • A sylvan glade in which a score or so of fine young women in classical robes and with flowers in tlieir hair are posed about in accordance with the best photographic methods. They are discovered twanging primitive lyres and singing a doleful chorus. Alas ! Alack ! his brow is black, He is consumed with care, His spirit is upon the rack, He tears his moral hair ; He broods, he sighs, to language fi ies To give his feelings vent, And we—oh, woe !—have not a show To help him worth a cent. Enter Amelia, greatly agitated—she recites : Oh ! girls, he comes, I've gazed on him afar, His hoof-beats give this mighty world a jar— You feel it now, a tremble 'neath his tread. Yon clouds are swept asunder by his head. He comes in dire and awful mood, I trow, And tears up giant gum trees where they grow. His brow is black, there gloomy thunder sits, And in his deadly eye the lightning seethes and spits, He comes, .he comes, bow down among the roots, I hear the wondrous music of bis boots. He comes! Oh ! fearful rapture, rapturous fear, He comes—the wonder of the world is here ! Enterthe Martial Bard. He is a tall, angular man, with A profusion of wild hair and whiskers, and a -roUitigfeye. He w^ks like the heavy villain in a BMrapfintikshBir* with his arms folded high on his dragging his toes. There is an inhuman ferWifep upon Ins corrugated brow as he stands in the'^ntre of the group of girls, perfectly conscious of their admiring awe, but apparently wrapped in deep, profound,bellicose thought. AMELIA (whispering, with an accent of respectful divAion).— Oh ! isn't lie just too sweetly ferocious for anything ? ROSY.—So exquisitely outrageous, itn't he ? BKITJGETTA,—What power ! What dignity ! Oh, girls, if he had existed in the beautiful old mythological days they would have worshipped him and sent him to live in a star. ALL. - Indeed they would. THE BARD {in thunderous Unxt,).- Well, girls? Girls all cower down, trembling, but turning up towards him their mute, admiring eyes. THE BARD (louder).- Well, girls V They cower lover still, and appear to both pity and adore. AMELIA.— He is awfully upset, poor Titan that he is. Let us soothe him with song. They touch their lyres again, and resume the wailing chorus— He's filled with woe—poor dear, bis foe He cannot rend and tear, And so is he compelled, you see, To tear his pretty hair. He is a— THE BAED {in terrible /.ai- sion).—IN the name of Wagner aud all the marble ^ods, what dodgasted tomniyrot is this ? By the hounding avalanche, I am m a humour to rend the hctvens and let loose from the nether depths the blind, red furies, and you sing to me this driveling ditty, this whining, puling, abject squawk of a motherless, moonstruck bally calf! AMELIA.—Isn't he sweet ? ALL.—Perfectly lovely ! THE BARD.—Sing, if you will, of crimaon, horrible war. bins of Niagaras of blood, and fiery worlds that lick chaos with their blistering tongues of hell flame. Sing anything but this windy yelp of a blind puppy. Give me air, I will sing myself. He tosses back his hair, rumpies iiis whiskers, and seizing a lyre sweeps it with an iron talon, striking a spasm of dreadful melody that sounds liiie the essence of every shriek heard in Hades since the fall of Lucifer, and breaks into song— Oh, lightnings flash, and thunders roll, and blackest night come down; Come hump-backed imps of devils bred, and toads in black and brown : Come all the horrors ever dreamed on lobsters boiled and pork, And all the jim-jams seen on earth, and all the ghosts that walk. Come, rock, and roll Each blackened soul, Come, spirits, jig and reel ; Let planets burst, And all be curst— For that is now I feel! For my revenge a caldron get, a crater deep aud wide. With boiling poisons fill it till they flow, a noisome tide; Send little devils armed with forks to boil my foes, whose howls Must mingle with a chorus shrieked by funguscovercd ghouls. CHORDS. Come,-rock, and roll, etc., etc. ROSE.—Oh ! what charm of unimaginable devilment ! What dear fury ! What too sweet fiendislniess! . AMELIA.—Indeed it is. AH! if all men were only like him. If all dared to have his magnificent spirit—his immensity, so to speak—^what a world of romance it would be. All sigh deeply. THE BARD.—And yet ye dare to sing tearful little ballads to ME ! Have I taught ye all the benuties of defiance and malignancy to hear ye wailing like teething infants' AMELIA.—Ah, master, we were sad. We su tiered for you. THE BARD.—Methinks yon might have found better methods of expressing your devotion. My enemies still live. AMELIA.—Master, we have not forgotten our duty. A deputation of us has gone to deal with the enemy. Hear that! Strains of martial music are heard in the distance, and presently a band of young women rush in. The leader bears something in her hand, and kneeling before the Bard places this reverently at his feet. THE BARD.—What have we here ? MAIDENS (sirtginy).— A foe you had, an editor, We interviewed that man, And; wish to state he is.no more- Oil, life is but & span ! We hated him—he dared to scorn Our intellectual Alp— And to you, niaster, we have borne The editorial scalp. Tableau. Curtain. 