I SOME SAYINGS OF EVANGELIST ; MOODY. I You might- as .well break all the command* ! ments as any one ot them. There was more healing in the touch of the j hem of His garnxeDt than in all the apothecary \ shops of Jerusalem. There are no hearsee in. heaven ... « It take* a good man , to get along with those 5 who are as disagreeable as he is himself. Tii ? : ? ? ? i_ ? ? ? i ? u ? ... i ? j ii B OU li((U n uiiiu « a gvuti iumu /vouauoe uu I bad a good mother. j Faith is worth more than a shipload of gold. ! Virtue, life and property will not be safe i when you gire up the Bible; | Nothing .stops infjdelity so much as a ohuroh full of lore. .. . Some preaoherB get drier than Gideon's fleeoe. | A lie. is n iie.whether it is a political lie a ?oeial lie or a business lie. Endowed ohurches . era dead-rrtwfoe . dead. They are so dead they are puffed up. A man or woman who loses confidence in sny part of the Bible has started along the road el the baekilider. ▲ good sum ia like ft lighthou«»t The light house doesn't have to toot a horn and ring a bell. The light tells the story. He who steals the affections of another man's wife is a blacker man than tea thousand sneak .thieves.' The devil has no old fogies.' The wicked never live long enough to be old fogies. A preacher with his hope gone can in twenty days make all the heads of all his congregation hang down like bullrushee. The Bible says ten times ns muoh against oovetonsness as it does against drunkenness. . There are too many preaohers without liberty. They stand in the pulpit, bound like Lazarus, head and foot, with a napkin tied about their mouths. It takes no brains to be a grumbler. It is a dishonor to the Boly Ghost to run after every new criticism of the theologians. We have a new ism in this country about each twelve months. A- fool can be a very busy critic. A man who curses will never see the glory of ' the King. Nine-tenths of the oriminals started on the down-road by breaking the Sabbath. The church needs a baptism of love. It w'ill then be a ball ol fire rolling over the world. Many men make gods of themselves and fpll ' down before them in the baldest idolatry.- 1 Christ did not tell his congregations that they would be saved in returu for buildiug fine churches or endowing colleges. A good many rich people will find they oan't buy themselves into heaven. . 