Footlight Facts. Br PASSE PARTOVT. Ciuquevalli is coming to Australia. Florrie Forde is at t-1 e Empire Palace, Birmingham. G. W. Anson, the comedian, is in New York. Roosky, the pianist, is corni;;- to Australia next year. Mr. and Mrs. Brough return to Australia about October next. The Flying Jordans were at latest at Natal, Sooth Africa. Jimmy Bain of Richard's Co. has undoubtedly made the best hit in Perth for some time past (in his line) W^e hope to see Jimmy before long "at ? Ome" where he should have gone some time ago, when pressed b\" a leading artist visiting the colonies. We predict a great future for the Banana land boy. Where is Perth's Poverty Point ? Is it at the Metropole or Cremorne ? A well-known variety artist here was once asked by a b other of the boards how he trot back from a trip he had with a Company in the provinces and suggested that he walked, S No replied No. 1. We never walk. ' No more do your ghosts an treasury morning, replied No. 2. The Cartwright Dramatic Company do not intend showing in the Holy f ity They come direct to Perth from Melbourne. Mrs. Maesmore Morris is alleged to have had some valuable rings stolen in Sydney. The Chas. Holloway Company have booked Wellington Opera House for Christ ras. Mr. George Elton, son cf Billy Elton, has made a successful debut on the English stage. Fanny Went worth, the entertainer, is at the Orpheous Music Hall, San Francisco. The " Gods" slaughtered " The American Girl," a musical comedy (without a plot) written by two ambitious Melbournites. The actors took fright, and notwithstanding manigerial pressure refused to go on. The curtain fell to rise no more v n "The American Girl" before the termination of the second act. Mr. George Titheridge before leaving for London presented Mr. Chas. Holloway with a silver cigar case. Charlie Cogill's " I did laugh" makes 'em laugh at the Oremorae. Miss Euginie Duggan the leading lady of the Holloway Co. is a Melbourne native. The Duggan family are well represented on the stage. Mr. Patrick Duggan. once the 'star' of the'Melbourne Thespian Ciub, is now doing well on the American stage. Her other brother Mr. Edmund Duggan—here with Alfred Dampier—is now filling an engagement in Melbourne. Miss Ida Roselyn a bewitching Danseuse. Miss Alice Deorwyn is M s. Charles Holloway. Married men and bachelor patrons of Cremorne are " smashed " on the Tiller Quartette. When the Charles Cartwright Comedy Co. opens at Cremorne, Rickards* Tivoli Co. will visit, and show at, Freirantle. Mr. "Jimmy" Heady is the right man in the right place " in front" at the Roj'al with Hol'oway's Co. The melodramas being produced at the Royal are full of merit. Staged well, managed well, and played well. Frank M. Clark is resting in Perth. He will don warpaint again presentlv, and amuse audiences in a new , o/e shortly. As an. Irish comedian Frank is " way up " Steve Adson, at Cremorne, with the Tivoli crowd, is getting in excellent larrikin impersonation work. Steve can clap a clog with the best; of them too. McKisson and Kearns have been doing one of their best turns "you'll surely have to guess," song and dance, at Cremorne during the week Very.remin iscent of the Bovis Bros. Last Saturday week, July 16. Mis, Maud Jeffries left Melbourne fo^ Vancouver in the steamer Aor.\ngi. Professor Kenned}', the mesmeric gentleman, is playing to big business on the fields. Most of his " star" subjects have deserted him. Miss Ada Baker sang an "Ave Maria" at the Roman Catholic Cathedral on Sunday morning last. Herr Francik providing a violin obligate. Mr. Charles Cartwright, the eminent actor, who came out to Australia with a complete English Dram- atic Company some five months ago under engagement to Mr. Harry Rickard's, is about to inaugurate a shorJb Perth season of 1 y nights on Monday evening, August 1st at Cremorne. West Australian plaj'-goershave seen lately the best of Drama Opera: and Variety business, and now we shall see a complete English Diamatic Company who have made such a success in the eastern colonies. Headed by an actor like Mr. Chas. Cartwright it is a foregone conclusijn that a great treat is in store tor us, particularly as • the company supporting- the star is an exceptionally powerful one. Mr. Cartwright, who visited the oolonies some eight years ago together with Miss Olga Nethersole, is one of the leading English character comedians. His impersonations of the leading parts in such pieces as " Moths," " The Middleman," etc. is yet vividly inscribed upon the minds of the Eastern playgoers. Miss Beatrice Lamb is the leading lady of the company, and comes to us with an enviable reputation as an actress. 