AT THE CLUB. There was a full attendance, and in compliment to Miss Gertrude, who sat next to the Editor, each member of the staff had donned a black coat, and was chewing a cigar which he appeared afraid to light. And Mr. Close's Shave's Barber, with his bald head shining like well-polished mahogany, and resplendent in a white waistcoat, had taken possession of a chair in a corner of the room, and gazed with considerable awe upon his surround ings. A clock ticked noisily on the mantlepiece, and seemed to emphasize the ghostly whisperings of the members of the company. At length Gertrude, who had been fidgetting with her feet for some few moments, said aloud— 4 Really, Mr. Editor, I fear I am a disturbing element. Will you please ask the gentlemen to light their cigars or pipes, and order in their refresh ment, and then with your permission I will tell you my little story.' There was a murmur of applause, and 4My Barber' setting the example, there was soon ample evidence of the presence of My Lady Nicotine. 41 must apologise,' said Gertrude, producing a small roll of manuscript, 'for hastinesis in composition. I call my story THE REMITTANCE MAN'S FATE I nut him first at a Government House ball. He was introduced to me after the Lancers, and I learnt that his name was Gault. "We spell it with two g's, both little ones," he said with a fatuous chuckle and he wrote it down for me thus—ggault. I hope f showed my self properly submissive at this tre mendous announcement, and that as I accepted his invitation to waltz, I indicated due deference for a man who had at least one unnecessary letter in his name. I believe I asked him to excuse my lack of conversation until I had got over the shock. "Weally," said he, " I do believe you're a dem'd nice girl. I've got a Duke and a Marquis somewhere in my family, don't you know, bat I don't care about that. I'd sooner talk to a jolly girl than I'd marry the Queen." And he gave my arm a suggestive squeeze which caused me to exclaim— " Really Mr. g-gault I hope I'm not * incommoding you." And then I fired this point blank at him, 14 And what did they send you out for ?" 44 Oh, my, }rou are a sharp one," he replied. 4< I'd overrun the con stable, don't you know, got no end of debts, and all that stupid sort of thing, and so they packed me off to Aus tralia to make my fortune. He, He." Our dance over, I introduced her to my bosom friend, Sally Montrose. Sally is romantic, and seems to enjoy the conversation of idiots. After that I met Mr. ggault at the races, at th * theatre, and at a variety of social gatherings, and he invariably honored me by coming to speak to 44 that jolly girl' as he was pleased to term me. Then he disappeared. I thought he must have gone to Melbourne, the Mecca of the re mittance man, but one evening in King William Street I spied him under a lamppost. He was looking very disreputable, and when he saw me, he pulled his slouched hat over his eyes and slunk off. I spent that Christmas at Alcoona Station. There was a house party, and Sally Montrose was the presiding genius, for she was the niece of Alexander Montrose, the owner of Alcoona, and all her cousins were boys.^ Would you believe it? The first man I saw, the morning after my arrival was Mr. Algernon ggault. I didn't tell you his name was Algernon, but it was. No man ever started life so heavily handicapped as Algernon ggault He was washing down a horse with a hose. The remittance man had become Jackeroo. <( Sally," I cried, "do you know anything of this ?" The blushes of my friend—a woman who blushes is always a fool— convinced me that she did. " He knew I was coming here," she at last confessed, "and so he got taken on. Oh, you needn't look like that. He s a gentleman, and some day he'll be Lord ggault.' " Lord Fiddlesticks !" I said, and I walked away disgusted. Sally was twenty- six, and had never been en gaged, but she need not have been so over anxious. Of course we girls talked of little else but the Jackeroo when we were alone. Sally was rarely present. She had inexplicable duties in the home paddock, where Mr. ggault was earning his board by perfunctory toil. There was no disguising the meetings of the two. They had not the common decency to hide behind a convenient gum tree. They deliberately spooned in the open. It was sickeningly in fantile. We tried scolding, but Sally tossed her head, and sought refuge in her bedroom. Then we employed sarcasm. " How nice it would be to be Lady ggault," I would remark. " Especially with two small g's," Effie Dash wood, whose father was a brewer, would add. " Well, that's better than having a father with no h's," would be Sally's crushing retort. We were routed at all points. Sally, in her determination not to reach her 27th birthday unattached, wa* going to make a fool of herself. I groaned in spirit One evening just at sundown Jack Montross spurred and booted, and carrying a stockwhip, came to me and said— " They're goae." I didn't ask who ; I knew. " What are you going to do ?" " Follow them to Tintinabla ; give him a hiding, and bring her back. Will you come ?" " Like a bird," I answered, and ten minutes later we were galloping to the township. We ran them down at the hotel, but there was no whipping. We found Sally in tears, and Algernon in custody. A city detective had arrested him for quite an interesting series of forgeries in Sydney. And his name wasn't ggault. It wasn't even Algernon. It was plain, odious Ebenezer Fogg, There were two small g's in it. The rascal had that much grace. We got Sally home somehow. I never gave her credit for such energy. She had ten hysterical fits before mid night. Then she ate a hearty supper and went to bed. Fogg got five years—hard. Sal y retains her surname —Mont rose—but she calls her husband Jack.' 4 That's what I call a spiffing yarn,' cried My Barber in a burst of en thusiasm. Then, recollecting where he was, he let his pipe fall on the floor and broke it. 4 Perhaps, Mr. Close Shave,' said the Editor, 4 you can induce our tonsorial friend to favor the company with a story.' £ Oh, do, Mr. William,' cried Ger trude. My Barber looked bashfully round, and then with a roguish twinkle in his eyes said, 44 Australia expects every man to do his duty. It shan't be said that a barber was afraid to follow a lady into danger. I'll cell you of an experience I had in a bush town some years ago, and I'll call the yarn THE FOSSICKER'S GHOST. I was pretty hard up when ( struck the little mining township of Bosco. Beyond wha . [ stood up in I had only a case of razors, a pair of boots, and about sixpence halfpenny in money. Bosco was a dead-and-alive sort of hole. A rich gully had been worked out, but a score or so of Chinaman made a living there, and a battery was at work half a mile off. There were a couple of pubs—I beg pardon, Miss Gertrude, publichouses, a little barn of a church, a black smith's shop, a general store, and half a dozen houses in what they call the main street. Well it was a compli ment chucked clean away to call it a main street, anyway. I turned to, and became a sort of Johnny All Sorts. Sometimes [ gave the blacksmith a hand with his bellows, but that business wasn't brisk. Two days in the week I wenG out prospecting. At odd times when the landlord of the hotel was suffering from d.t.'s which happened pretty regular, I was engaged by his wife as barman. On Saturdays I cut the hair of the diggers or shaved those who had got biled shirts and wanted to go to church on Sundays. The life wasn't invigorating, but [ managed to exist. One of my regular customers was an old man with very white hair. He lived in a tent about a mile out of the township, and as he occasionally sold a few 'weights of gold to the store keeper he was understood to be a fossicker. He was a little man, with light blue eyes, and he walked with a stoop. He came to my shop every Saturday, nodded to me, sat in a chair, pointed to his chin, and said ne er a word all the time I was shaving him. When I'd finished he'd pay me, nod his head again, and walk out. I got quite used to his ways, and never bothered him with conversation. When my customers want to ruminate I can ruminate too This went on for two months, when one night he startled me by saying suddenly— " Do you believe in warnings ?" * I was so surprised to hear him speak his voice was low and soft like a woman's—that I answered flippant like— " Only from servant gals." He gave a little sigh, and closed his eyes. I thought he'd probably exhausted himself by his burst of conversation, and so I let him recover himself. Presently he said quite fierce-like— > " If your wife had run away from you years and years ago, and you'd never set eyes on her since, and one night—it might be last night—you looked out of the door of your tent and saw her lying there dead, what would you think ?" Well, I thought the old gentleman had got a touch of the dingbats from drinking old Logwood's new whisky, or else that he was qualifying for a lunatic asylum, and I just squinted to see that the razors were out of reach, and said nothing. The old chap looked at me curiously, opened his lips as though he was about * to say something more, but went back into his old mood. As he was going away he said " Good-bye," and I nearly had a fit. Next Saturday he didn't turn up. I had been very fidgetty for a long while. Every little noise seemed to jar upon my nerves. I could hear an accordeon playing and some singing in the pub, and it seemed to irritate me. I'm not a bit superstitious, mind you. But something seemed to have gone wrong. I stamped about the floor to keep myself company. I tried to whistle " Annie Laurie," but ' broke down in the middle. It was a hot night; and, believe it or not, I suddenly commenced to shiver Then looking towards the door I saw the old gentleman as plain as I see you now. His face was very white, and his pale blue eyes seemed fixed and staring. " Hulloa!" I cried; but when I looked again he had gone. I rushed to the door, but there was nobody in sight. I tell you I closed up shop in a hurry, and was in the pub inside of three minutes. " Boys," I said, " there's something happened to Gentleman Jack "—that's what we called him. " Who'll come with me and find out ?" They gave me chy-ike, and went on playing and singing. One young fellow, however, offered to go, and we set out together. The night was pitch dark, and the * track, such as it was, was very difficult to find. In half an hour we came in sight of the tent. There \vas a light burning dimly. " The old cove s all right," said my companion, but a moment afterwards he nearly fell over something at the tent door, and yelled out, " Good God ! What's that ?" I sprang into the tent. Gentleman Jack was lying in bis bunk—dead. In his right hand he clutched a letter, yellow with age, and in a woman s writing. I saw that by the light of the candle. His eyes were wide open and staring at the tent opening. Well, you can guess the rest. The woman lying dead outside—yes, she was lying dead from hunger and fatigue, was Gentleman J ack s wife. We found that out by his papers and her marriage lines which she kept in her otherwise empty purse. Romance? I don't know. You must build it up for yourselves. Anyway that's my ghost yarn, and it's a true one.' . . There was dead silence for a few seconds. Then the Editor observed— 'Come, after the gruesome, who will give us something humorous. Mr. Close Shave, you were responsible for the last contribution. Can't you liven us up a bit! ' Well,' said that individual, ' a true story has just come into my mind. It's very short, and 111 try to indicate the bad language it ought to contain, seeing that we have a lady present. c Pjgy don't let the tale lose verisi militude for my sake,' quoth Gertrude. ' The scene is laid in the early days of South Australia, and 111 call the yarn THE BISHOP AND THE SQUATTER. Years ago, before there was a steamer running upon Lake Alex andria, and when the whole journey from Adelaide to Mount Gambier had to be made on wheels, Bishop Short was making a pastoral visit to the South-East under the chaperonage of a relative. One evening they drove up to a homestead where it was in tended to stay the night, and they were met by the owner, a bluft old settler, who on spying the driver called out "Hulloa! ——» Tou vermillion- tinted old sockdollager. How the dot, dash, dot are you ? The driver climbed down and agitatedly whispered, " Hush, old man, this gentleman is the Bishop of Adelaide, and he's going to stay with you to- night." " Oh! I'm glad to meet you, Bishop, and 1 m carmine sorry I spoke as I did just now. My crimson tongue sometimes runs away with me." The Bishop passed on into the house, where his arrival naturally caused some consternation. The wife and daughters were fearsome that the head of the household would commit some solecism at the dinner-table, and they entreated him to be on his best behavior. "All right," he growled, "I wont say a sanguinary word. How, on this particular station the kangaroos were very troublesome, and many were the contrivances arranged for their extermination or rout. Among other devices the squatter had fixed up a bell in the cultivation paddock. To the bell was attached a rope, and this rope was run along into the house. At dead of night it was a favorite amusement of the old settler to lump out of bed, grasp the rope, and set the bell ringing as if there were a score of marriages to be celebrated. Satisfied with having frightened off the vermin he would once more retire to rest, only to rise again a little later, give a vigorous pull to the bell, and swear with all the gusto of a demented pilot. Well, the dinner was laid, and for a little time after all had sat down nothing untoward occurred. Presently the Bishop casually enquired, "Have you many kangaroos here, Mr. ?" The settler bit his lips, glared round the festive board, and said nothing. But the Bishop was not to be denied. 44 I was asking, Mr. ——he said, "if-you had many kangaroos here*?' Then the old man exploded. " Any amount of them," he vociferated. His wTife and daughters held up their hands in horror, but he disregarded their warning signals. " I don't care a he roared. "The Bishop asks me if I have many kangaroos here, and I tell him that I've got any amount of them. And if that s a word of a lie may I be — and ." They do say that there was a smile in the Bishop's eyes after this outburst, but he made no remark, and the rest of the meal passed in comparative silence. • • • • • 4 Now, Mr. Bicyclist, haven't you got something ready for us V queried the Editor. 4 Well, it's not much of a story,' replied the Bicylist, with an action that suggested he was back-pedalling, 4 but such as it is I'll give it to you. I call it A LONG CHASE. Tom Strutt was the most susceptible man I ever came across. Let him catch a glimpse of a pretty woman's face or figure, and he was ready to fall down and worship. So marked was this peculiarity that when he became engaged to Miss Elsie Cameron, there were plenty of people ready to wager that he would many Annie Swan or Maggie Dawson, merely sending a postcard to Elsie to inform her that circumstances over which he had no control had led to a change in his matrimonial programme. But he married Elsie after all. Some unkind folks said that on the wedding morning Elsie's two brothers, armed with heavy knobby sticks, called upon him, and marched him off to church. You all know the lines— 44 And Eugene Aram walked between With gyves upon his wrists." There were no gyves about Tom, but he certainly did walk between the brothers. During the ceremony he became fascinated by the first brides maid, upon whose hand he would have placed the ring had he not received a vigorous kick on the shins from one of Elsie's watchful relatives. After the marriage Tom appeared to settle down. He went to church twice on Sundays, took to messing about his front garden with a pair of shears and a watering-pot, and became a particularly solid ornament of suburban society. Then came a crisis in his career. He discovered that he was not getting enough exercise, and that if he was to reach middle age, it was absolutely necessary that he should learn to cycle. Tom suffered from weak eyes and long legs. He might, with training, have developed into a professional walker, but he was never intended for a cyclist. When he had damaged two machines, hired by the hour, and had his face so covered with court plaister that there was hardly a square inch of skin visible, f is wife implored him to give up the sport. But Tom was build of sterner stuff, and having added a sprained wrist to his list of casualties, he one day announced in triumph to h s city friends that he had ridden without a single fall from Smith's fountain to the Britannia. His honest pride was so delightful that his friends allowed him to treat them to vinous refresh ment at the Earl of Zetland. From that out Tom improved in his riding, though it was evident that he would never become an accomplished cyclist, and rude little boys, as he labored painfully against a head wind, would advise him to take a reef in his legs, or put them away for safety in the gear case. Still, he was happy—hot, but vic torious. The garden knew him no more with shears and watering-pot. Church was neglected. All his spare moments devoted to his cycle. He joined moonlight parties, when per mitted, and generally succeeded in jeopardising the lives of other riders. His front wheel was continually seek ing the acquaintance of somebody else s back wheel, and disasters were fre quent. With the return of his freedom, came a relapse into susceptibility. He became keenly observant of lady cyclists, and followed them through the eastern suburbs with desperate devotion. Some of them smiled upon him; some of tfem detested him. They regarded his admiration as caddishness, and threatened him with big brothers. One Saturday afternoon Tom had arranged quite an extensive expedi tion. He was going to ride to Para dise, and when he had donned his Norfolk suit he looked in his mirror and pronounced all well. He was wheeling along through Payneham when he caught sight of a trim womanly figure pedalling her machine some two hundred yards in advance of him. He gave a start, and in releasing one hand to feel if his hat was on straight he nearly came to grief in the dusty road. Then he started out in pursuit. " I must see her face," he muttered as he bent his nose over the handle bar. " I've been had before. A neat figure and ad d ugly frontispiece." The lady did not seem to be in a,ny very great, hurry, and Tom was soon within twenty yards of his quarry, straining his weak eyes as hardly as he strained his lanky legs. He was congratulating himself with the notion that in a few seconds he would be alongside the fair unknown, when, slightly leaning forward, she increased her speed, and left him as though he were standing still. u Well, I'm hanged," growled Tom, as he watched the cloud of dust in the distance, "I do believe its Madame Serpolette." He plodded on, and Hearing Campbelltown once more came within coo-ey of the lady. « She's tiring," he cried exultantly, and called every muscle into requisi tion. He was hot, and red in the face, and perspiring, and thirsty, but he had set himself a task, and was not conquered yet. The lady half turned her head as he approached, and then, without any apparent effort, left him again with ridiculous ease. "She must stay at Paradise,' Tom grunted. "She's sure to want a soda and milk." But the lady did not stay at Paradise. She wheeled serenely on, and Tom lumberingly followed, a good three hundred yards in the rear. "Ah, this hill will bring her off," he chuckled, as he began to feel the road rising. Strange to say, however, the lady was not at all distressed by the ascent. She was evidently used to climbing, and it aggravated Tom to observe that the fair one had disengaged one hand and was fanning herself with her handkerchief. " All confounded side," he muttered, but he was not in a conversational mood. He wanted all his breath for another purpose. He set his teeth hard as his machine floundered all over the road, but the end was Hear ing, and by-and-bye he rolled off the bike, and found himself covered with a thick creamy-colored dust which required some removing. Something like a laugh floated down the hill. He swore savagely, and began push ing his machine up the hill. He wouldn't give up. Reaching a tolerably level piece of ground he prepared to remount. The fascinating unknown turned her head, and seemed to beckon him on. The challenge was not to be resisted. Once more he plugged away for dear life. And then there came a fairly sharp descent. A stone in the road caused him to miss his pedals, then he lost his head, let go of the handles, and turning a beautiful somersault, landed on his back in the middle of the road. He was bumped severely, as George Lauri would say, and his machine was a wreck. He lay for a few moments trying to collect his shattered faculties, when he heard a soft voice enquire— Are you much hurt, Tom t" Elsie !" he said, looking up, " arid so you were " The words died in his throat. They walked to Paradise in silence. The tram did the rest. Tom has given up cycling, He says he reckons a lawn-mower gives him plenty of exercise. Elsie has exchanged her bike for a musical-box, which plays ten tunes in cluding, " Home, Sweet Home."1 c Frivolity! Frivolity V said the Editor. 4 Poet, come to the rescue. Lead us from sordid earth into the empyrean.' 4 Very sorry,' returned the Poet 4 but I supped on tripe last night, and I am in a melancholy vein. For instance my imagination conjures up the grimmest shapes, the most grotesque scenes. If I take pen in hand I am stuck for a rhyme. I've tried and tried, but its no go.' 'Surely,' remarked the Editor, * you tt K can ransack something from your surplus stock.' | 4 There is a fragment that I may read to you. ft's very faulty, but it's real, and it's called THEJMAN WHO WAS GOING TO DIE. Onesimus Brown was a clerk in the city, As healthy a clerk as you'd meet in a;week ; He'd a natural color, the ladies called pretty. And a dimple reposed in each rosy hued cheek. But his manners were boring, his language a sigh, And he told all his friends he was going to die. Onesimus Brown had an appetite hearty, Though vowing a weakness for tea and dry toast; He proved quite a scourge at a L juvenile party, And ate like a man who'd not give r up the ghost. Yet he swore with impatience (we could not tell why) He was losing his weight and was going to die. Onesimus kept in an old office drawer A number of bottles whose odor was gin; But his f riends will admit that he only would pour Some treacly concoction whene'er they looked in. 'Twas a liver restorer he always kept nigh, For one of these days he was going to die. Onesimus never was known to rejoice As sensible folk (like a hen he would cluck) "When he won a Tatt. sweep we of course made a noise, And gathered around to partake of his luck. But he waved us aside, with dignity high, And said, What's the use when you're going to die ?" Euphemia Smith was old Smith's pretty daughter That every lad in the place sought to win ; Onesimus happened one evening to court her, She sprang to his arms—it was really a sin. In a month all the fount of his love had run dry, And he broke the match off—he was going to die. Onesimus Brown was resolved to stay single, But widow McShane had a will of her own, And one day the bells in the church 'gan to jingle, And Brown and the widow went homeward alone, She was straight and was tall, and her bearing was spry, And. she made up her mind that her Brown shouldn't die. I met him last week. There was never a dimple Where dimples reposed in his rosy hued cheek; His nose was inflamed by a whisky raised pimple, His breath of the waters of Scotland did reek. His hand clasped a knife, there was booze in his eye, He fell at my feet—and I paid for the • • • * • 'Oh, what a sell,' cried Gertrude, ' but we don't have flys here. We call them cabs and hansoms.' ' It's a poetic license,' murmured the Poet. ' In the course of my stage ex periences,' remarked the Dramatic Critic, 'I came across an incident which may amuse the company. We will style it, if you please, IRVING McWHIRTER'S RIDE McWhirter was the most conceited Thespian I ever knew, and that is saying a good deal. He was a long, lean Scotchman, with an accent calcu lated to break crockery, and he had an idea that he could represent any character from Othe lo to Captain Haw tree, from Hamlet to Harry Armytage. His face wore a chronic scowl, and his heart was as black as were his finger-nai s. I was in a country township when the events I am about to record occurred. McWhirter, who was his own advance agent—and a better one man never had, for he was the apotheo sis of bio *—arrived one night to prepare the inhabitants of Doobyitch for the absence of McWhirter s Im perial Comedy Company, who * ere to appear for t *o nights only in those thrilling plays, ' Conn the Shaughran ' and ' East Lynne ' McWhirter, as an Irishman, * as irresistibly funny, but that is another story. The Scotchman did not make friends. He quarrelled over terms with the Secretary of the Institute, he insulted the leading magnate of the place, a grocer of pious proclivities, by offering him a free pass to the show, and he earned the hatred of the chief hotelkeeper by beating him down in his terms to such an extent that Mc. was practically getting his board and lodging for nothing. Well, Doobyitch was a God-for saken place, and a visit from even a third rate dramatic company was a sensation. We waited for the coach to come in with the pleasant expectation of schoolboys, and when the ramshackle turnout with its fgalled and winded horses drew up at the leading pub some of the most enthusiastic of us raised a feeble cheer. The members of the company were noted neither for sumptuousness of attire nor handsome visage®. The men all looked dirty and ill-shaven, and the women were faded and dressed mostly in old finery. There were two exceptions—a girl of about nineteen, who had not been long enough on the stage to look old, and a man two or three years her senior, whose collar and shirt cuffs I noticed were clean, and who bore himself in something the manner of a gentleman. These twd were the last to leave the mail coach, and the man assisted the woman to the ground. " Mrs. McWhirter ! " The rancous tones of McWhirter's voice sounded just behind me, and I saw the girl, at whom I had been gazing, shudder. Then she cast a look of intelligence at her companion, and advanced towards the proprietor of the company. "Go to your room," he said savagely, and she slunk past him, evidently rejoiced that there was no other demonstration. His wife ? That is as may be. Probably married over a broomstick ; indeed I have every reason to believe that the ceremony was no more imposing. Anyway she was Mrs. McWhirter to us for the next two days, and we grew to like her pretty ways—pretty, that is, when he was not present. McWhirter sat up late that night, drinking. In addition to his other bad qualities the man was a drunkard. He was mean, too, and he never "shouted," though he drank with whoever asked him. And the stories he told ! He was the most brilliant actor, the most accomplished horse man, the smartest swordsman, and the finest boxer, all rolled into one, that this world had ever seen. He staggered considerably when he went upstairs, and we heard him abusing his wife for half an hour, at the end of which time he doubtless fell asleep. The two-nights' season was a success. The people were not critical, and Irving McWhirter's ranting was to them the highest of high art. As for Miss Aline Gourteney, as she was called in the bills, there wasn't a man round Doobyitch who wouldn't have stood up to Peter Jackson for her sweet sake. McWhirter announced an extension of the season for one night, and after the performance he got more drunk than ever. Tired of his company I had gone to the front door of the pub just in time to see a trap containing a man and woman driving off. I thought nothing of the incident, and returned to the bar parlor just as McWhirter was floundering up the stairs. Presently he literally fell down the stairway, and, picking himself up, entered the rooms in a perfectly maniacal condition. His face was absolutely livid, and his eyes were staring out of his head. "Where's my wife? Where's Mrs. McWhirter V he vociferated. No one answered. " D you all. It's a conspiracy," he yelled. " Where's Brunton ? I looked into his bedroom, and he wasn't there." He caught hold of the landlord as though he would have strangled him. " Mr. Brunton," stammered Mine Host, " has gone in a trap to Coler dale." tt And she's gone with him. But I'll follow them. Get me a trap at once, curse you." The landlord was very sorry, but his only trap had gone. Then a bright-eyed yokel chipped in— " Can you ride ?" he asked McWhirter, who was swaying to and fro with passion. " Yes," was the short response. " All right. You take the boss's horse, Firelight, and I'll ride with you and show you the way," and the young man winked wickedly at the company. McW hirfcer hesitated. He was but a poor horseman, despite his brag, but vengeauce was stronger than reason, and, with an oath, he accepted the offar. Then he seized a whisky battle and poured out and drank a third mate's nip. The young yokel reappeared in about a quarter of an hour, and announced tha^i the horses were ready. " 111 lead him a dance," he said to me, and then he gave some whispered instructions to the landlord, who grinned appreciatively. We had to hoist McWhirter into the saddle, and there he sat like a bag of flour. Someone gave Firelight a flick with a switch, and off they started at a great pace—but not in the direction of Colerdale. McWhirter managed to hang on9 and (hat was all. Half an hour later the noise of horse's hoofs drew us out into the street. Two horsemen were dashing past at a mad gallop, but one drew rein and called out— " Seen a trap with a lady and gent go by V " Not five minutes agone," said the landlord, and chuckled hugely. We began to smell a rat, but we let the landlord have his joke to himself. Half an hour later the same per formance was repeated—the noise of horses hoofs, the question concerning the lady and gentleman, and the land lord's reply. " Bio wed if 'e aint takin' the bloke round in a circle, and the bloke's too drunk to know it," was the explanation volunteered by a wizened old man who was enjoying the scene with all the abandon of youth. The grin of the landlord was a sufficient justification of the conjecture, and so we were on the alert when the time arrived for them to pass again. We saw them in the distance, but the pace of the horses bad considerably moderated. McWhirter was rolling in the saddle like a ship at sea, and when the animal he bestrode followed the example of its mate and came to a full stop McWhirter fell heavily to the ground, and Jay there breathing like a man in a fit. "Carry him up and put him to bed," said the young fellow who had led him the country dance. " I don't think he'll want any more exercise to-day, and anyway I've saved her" There was no performance that night; in fact, there was no McWhirter. The great actor had crawled out to the evening coach and posted off to Melbourne. Brunton and Aline? I never saw them again. I daresay, though, you might hear of them at the old address —Poverty Point.' 