THIN&S; WOSTE 'KNOWING. In Mexico banana planters get three crops of the fruit a year. So plentiful is it that a bunch of two hundred bananas is sold for sixpence. Between Madagascar and the coast of India there are about sixteen thousand islands, only six hundred of which are in habited, but most of which are capable of supporting a population. The National Library at Paris is the largest in the world. It contains forty miles of sneives, holding 1,400,000 books. There are also 175,000 manuscripts, 300,000 maps and chests, and 150,000 coins and medals. Stationary beds are rarely found in the houses of the Japanese. When the hour for retiring has come, mattresses and bed coverings are brought out from chests, where they are stored during the day, and spread upon the matted floor. Japan, in the number of its population, is surpassed only by China, India, Russia, the United States, and Germany. Of the total number of emigrants from the United Kingdom in 1897 to countries out of Europe, 132,048 booked for the United States, 22,669 for British North America, J.2,396 for Australasia, 28,801 for the Capo and Natal, and 17,366 for other places. The total number of women over the age of eighteen employed in facte-ie3 and workshops in the British Islands is a little over 1,000,000, of whom about 11 per cent, belong to trade unions. _._ost of these have a membership in common with the men, but there are some women’s unions, organised, officered, and conduc ted exclusively by female members. For cure of freckles try the following recipe :—Four ounces oil of citron, and mix over a gentle fire, with two ounces of white wax ; anoint the face with this .cream, and leave on all night; wipe off carefully, and bathe the face with pure rose water. In some cupboards black ants prove a great nuisance, and it is difficult to eradi cate them. A few of the very strongest peppermints, Buch as are sold by chemists, will exterminate the pests. Lightly crush them, and scatter them in the haunts of the ants. Dead for Three Years.—One of the most remarkable cases in medical history is that of a young man called Willie Gipp, who recently awoke from a sleep which had lasted since November, 1894. At that time he was a youth of twenty, employed as inspector of cars on an American rail way, and bearing a high character for in telligence and industry. He was engaged to a girl called Mary Drews, to whom his parents expressed a strong objection as a prospective daughter-in-law. Thi'3 love difficulty preyed on the boy’3 mind to such an extent that it affected his brain, and in a fit of madness he shot both mother and father. He was promptly ar rested, but before his trial he lapsed into a state of coma, which lasted three years and two months. During this long period he lay passive as a log, showing no sign of life beyond the mechanical process of swallowing whatever food was placed fn his mouth. He was incapable of move ment, speech, and feeling, and was to all intents and purposes as one who is dead. On January 8th of this year he awoke from his long insensibility. Life and in telligence had returned, but memory had gono. He knows nothing of his crime, and will persist that he is still only twenty,, the age at which he committed his terrible crime. There is a tragic tale in the Jardino family. Sir Alexander Jardine im prisoned a miller named Porteous—it was in Charles II.’s reigu. Forgetting such a trivial matter, he went to Edinburgh next day, and carried the key of the dun geon with him—did not observe it till a week afterwards. A messenger was des patched full speed, but he found Porteous dead of cold and hunger. His ghost, still haunts Spedlin’s Tower, the ancient seat of the Jardines. 