MK. WAIST'S JIBES. THE Attorney-General of New South Wales, Mr. Want, who has just returned from a holiday- trip, has, according to .a morning contemporary, uttered another of his jibes at the Federal Convention. He did not go ?out of his way to have a look in at the delegates at -work on the draft bill in Mel bourne, so he told a reporter. 'I'm going to wait tall they have completed the haslrpantfr £}icn T'll lisva mntr cb.T'' Sn/»ll an ? iiffj&voh;/ia coming from a member of a Government ?which is primarily responsible for the crea tion of the Convention, would sound extra ordinary if Mr. Want had not from the first resolutely sec himself to work to thwart the efforts of his colleagues. Mr. Want's atti tude towards federation is well known. He is the free lance of the Ministry, and Federation has evidently been allowed to remain an open question in the Cabinet. Were it otherwise, it is difficult to see how the Premier and two of his colleagues could be sitting in Convention endeavoring to frame a Federal Constitution, while their Attorney-General waa taking every opportunity to defeat their efforts. .But it is a singular commentary upon constitutional government as carried on in New South Wales that a question of such magnitude and of such paramount im portance should be treated as an open ques tion by a Cabinet 1 he fact in itself would be eutBcient to , inspire doubts as to the en- : thusiasm of the head of tne Government him self in the work he ie no w engaged in, even if there were nothing in Mr. Keid's previous ; attitude -feowards - Federation to . suggest : lttkewarmneBS on hie part. Yet it might be hinted that al the Government of which Mr. Want is so prominent a member has com mitted itself to the principle of Federation, ' and is, apparently, doing its best to promote the cause, it would be more becoming in its Atburney-G«neiai fa- . refrain from a L course of action whioh places him in j. a position of direct antagonism to his ! colleagues. When theJDraft Bill coihes forth in its complete form from the Convention it will be a fair subject of criticism by indi vidual members of the Cabinet. ;jVIr. Want might then give the country the -- benefit of j his opinions, both as a lawyer afid a poli I tician, on the various provisions of the measure. He might, for example, tell the country what he thinks of the decisions I come to only last night on the very impor tant question of a Federal Judicature. That is a subject upon which he could speak with something like authority. The Convention itself is very much divided upon some of the most important points in connection with this portion of the Bill — upon, for example, such matters as the number of Judges which should constitute the High Court, upon the removal of Judges for misbehavior or in capacity, upon the extent of the Court's ! judicial powers, and, above1 all, upon the i really national question of the right of j appeal to the Privy CounciL The sharp j differences of opinion in the Conven tion, and particularly among the legal members, are of themselves sufficient to j show the arduous nature of the task com- ] mitted to the framers of the BiJL Few] rights are prized so highly bv Britons as I that of appeal to 'the Privy Council, though even this has been restricted of late years under the Judicature Act The Bill, as it stands, will take away that right from the people of Australia, and will make #ie High Court of Appeal the final arbiter between litigants. On the very first day the Convention j metit received a petition from the Australian National League praying for the inclusion of that right in the Bill '; but it has decided to allow the clause to stand ae it was ori ginally framed. This and the other ques tions affecting the administration of justice are subjects upon which Mr. Want is well qualified to give an opinion, whatever his views may be upon the ab stract principle of Federation itself, and no doubt his opinions \eonld carry weight But in the meantime he, might have the good grace to cease -. throwing' ridicule upon the work of a body in which iis own Minis terial colleagues have so large a share, and for which they are to a great extent respon sible. It surely looks a serious enough thing for the supremacy of iSngiisa cricket how. Stoddarf s men bare shown a lamentable falling off since the first test match, played in Sydney, 'i'hey never showed anything like first-class form after that match. The brilliant Mason, from whom so much was expected, has failed most conspienouslr in all the representative matches, though he managed to come out on top yesterday^ but, even his ssore of 30, highest though it be, is but a xaoderate performance, and once more the English team has suffered the humiliation of having to follow on their first in nings. The poor display, made yesterday by the visitors virtually decides the test matches rub ber, and. will not fail to rob the final contest in Sydney of much of the interest that would other wise attach to it. The opening of the Zoological Gardens on Sunday has, as will be seen from a report else where, been protested against by the East Sydney Ministers' Association. The general public has seemingly been under the impression that the opening of the Gardens on the day in question 14ite been a. most successful experiment. Not so those reverend gentlemen. It is, as the terms of their protest would imply, regarded by them as a device of Satan's to ensnare the souls of the young, while at the same time it is an outrage on the rigut^ of conscience itself. The children are beguiled' from the Sunday school by the fatal attractions of the Zoo. The afflicted elders in whose name the ministers may be presumed to speifc want to know why one section 4f the com munity should have privileges which religions scruples iorbid another section to enjoy. The argument is hardly logical, as may be understood when an attempt is made to employ it in the opposite direction. The majority, whose conscience is perfectly at rest with respect to a Sunday visit to the Zoological Gardens, whether on the part of children or adults, have certainly a very fair excuse tor denouncing the suggestions of the Ministers' Association as the would-be tyranny of a minority. Let the ministers, however, tafee heart, even. though rthere be n^ much likelihood of their \efforts to 'have the Zoological Gardens Buut again ? on the seventh day of the week proving Enccessful. The ingenuous youth of Sydney might easily take their Sunday walks in places the associations of which, would be .far more apt to interfere with the teachings of the Sunday school. There are interesting particulars this morning with respect, to the two Eastern questions — that which has Constantinople for its pivot, and that ether one which is associated with China. The Euseian Minister for Fqreign Affairs insists on the acceptance by Turkey of Prince George of Greece ai the Governor of: Crete. The Sultan's mood is so obstinate that it is considered prob able that he will cot now retire from either Crete Or Thesaaly without fighting. It has often been rumored that the Sultan is mad. The idea of thus provoking Hostilities with Eugsia is very suggestive of madness. Yet, of course, it is possible there may be method in it, and that iu the. present aspect of affairs the Commander of the Faithful may see a fair prospect of being able to play off one Power against another. He, perhaps, thinks that Russia will soon be too busy in the Far East to pay much serious -attention 'to sounds that echo farther west/' She seems, at any rate, to be strengthening her position in China, as rapidly as she can. One of our cablegrams to-day states that Russia ib sending 10,000 troops, to the east coast of China, A latter message says that there are ' 10,000 Rossian . troops already there. Ao1a#ity of this kind i.'Js ??'?'; not indicative of that peaceful settlement of the Chinese qtiegQbn, -which information just pre viously to hand had rendered probable., X'he Germans at Kiao Chou .report a friendly recep tion Tor* expeditions, sent by them into the Ulterior. Altogether the Chinese seem to be 'in a most complacent mood with respect, to both Russians and Germans, or else they are, with the best grace they can resume, making a virtue of a««flMut;. : On the ether hand, they are wlUing to grant Jko Britain the right to construct a rail way frpin Manjlalay, in Burmali, thiouga ttie Yussnau FcovinceB to peKn or Nanking, In thesa rival soheiues for 'working' China there are still, it is to be feared, all the elements of con fusion and discord. For them to come to a 3aead may :be simply '» question ot tiine. That is a remarkable admission which the Rus sian papftr, the '' JfoVosti.' makes with reference to the selling of French, secrets, and of course in allusion to the Dreyfus case. The selling of such Becrets, it says, to ft friend!^-. Power is a mere breach of official secreoy, ana is not treason. This is a nioe distinction truly* If it were to be accepted as a correct one, it would doubtless afford a good de&lioc;^/xmifort to Public Servants who, having 'news of price ** to dispose of,' may think of turning au honest penny with it- ifi a foreign market. The Kussiaus, according to all accounts, should, be able to speak on eucb a sub ject in the light of very ample experience. If some authorities are to be credited there is no quarter of the world it which Russia has the slightest interest, either immediate or prospec tive, with respect to which private information from local sources is not diligently sought and liberally paid for. Bat i'or the matter of that it has been ' more or less bo with all the European Powers, not excepting Great Britain, i'be secret ageat haft always been found a necessary person, and some how has never failed to turn up in. directions where his presence would ba least suspected. During the long war with the French Republic and the First Empire, Great Britain's ' secret service ' -was almost as carefully atten'.Jea to as her army or navy. Sometimes perhaps even a little more bo. To have neglected it would, in view of the extensive use which. w-.;s made of similar means by her formidable ene=ay Napoleon, have been nothing short of madness. The exiled ISmperor at St. Helena hinted to the Irish surgeon O^Mara, who was ia attendance oa him, that while the war with Great Britain was going on be hat! constantly been supplied with informationfrom people ia J£ngland whom nofcody would ever have Ureamt oE as in communication with hini. That particular kind g£ weapon was, as there are strong reasons for believing, turned against Nat-oleon hiaeself on the eve of that campaign 'which, proved to be bis last. TTi« Minister Talleyrand is eaid to have sent a sketch, of the Emperor's intended operations to the Allies, though it is added that his movements were se rapid that the effects of this treachery had not the influence which they otherwise might have exercised on the course of eventaduring ib.e memorable three days in Belgium. The question of success or vic tory was seemingly decided by -causes with which the treachery ascribed to Taliejr&nd; could h&v-i; had little to do. The ghost of that historic character, if it could oniy lie interrogated, won' £ doubtless be able to pronounce a weighty opinion on the ethics of the matter discussed by the St. Petersburg journal. 