THE TUBF. THE KYNETON BACKS CRITICISED. WHAT THE "BPOBTSMAN" SAYS. In the course of a generally congratulatory notice of last week's Kyneton races the Sportsman says :—A scratching board has been erected in a spot where it can easily be seen both from the grand stand and the betting-cnm-saddling paddock. What remains to be done now is to see that punctuality is observed with regard to the time of scratching. One notice on the race book said—" Ail persons intending to withdraw horses are required to give notice in writing to that effect to the secretary or clerk of scales at least half an hour before the time appointed for the starting. Any person neglecting or refusing to comply with this rale shall pay a fine not exceeding £50." We don't know whose fanlt it was on Thursday that occasioned such grievously late scratchings, but we do know that the way in which the board was worked during the afternoon elicited complaint from both backers and fielden. A little closer adherence, too, to the advertised time of starting the races would be acceptable. However, these are matters of detail which Mr Minogue, the hard-working, courteous secretary of the clnb can easily remedy lor the next meeting. The fixture of the Kyneton District Club, yon see, is no longer a mere "picnic"—it is an important race meeting, and must be managed as ''sich." Why there were so many scratchings is thus explained by "Special Commissioner" in the Sportsman:—The equine hero of the week was undoubtedly Cabin Boy, who carried off the Kyneton Cup on Thursday, and the Men tone Handicap on Saturday. On each occasion the Gozo gelding won with consummate ease. He carried 9=t 121b and made backs of his field at Mentone, but at the latter place there were one or two starters that were not seen at their best by any means. At Kyneton, on the other hand, the nine starters for the Cup were genuinely backed, yet none of them had a chance with the Y.B.C. St. Leger winner. Cabin Boy is trained by Harry Boberts, and will probably be sent to Singapore bye and bye. That "flattering" handicaps, as they are called, are not conducive to big fields we had an exemplifiedm last week. There were 36 horses handic for the Kyneton Cup, and the nineteen lowest weights* were scratched. In flattering handicaps mem bera of the first div'sion haven't the ghost of a chance with the middle and top weights, as a rule. For instance, a fair performer like Eridgforde would probably be handicapped to give moderates like Day Dawn. Łady Bossmore, and Linda a stone and a half in a small suburban event, yet, commencing as he did on a comparatively low scale with Ayrshire and Moonlyong, Mr W. E. Dakin, perforce, could only place 7lb between the grey and the bottom weights at Kyneton. There isn't enough scope in a "flattering" handicap to weight all the horses on equal terms, and for this reason such productions shonld be avoided as much as possible. It is all very well to say that a good horse shouldn't be crashed, bat other people, as well as the fortunate owner of the crack performer, should be con - sidered in the matter. Besides, a good horse takes some crushing, as Cabin Boy demonstrated when he cantered home with his 9st 121b at Mentone. 