“Bonnie Bessie'' everyone called her, ! and rightly enough; for of all the High- j land lassies who gathered at the little kirk on Sabbath mornings, not one was ! half so pretty and winning as Bessie. Squire Renfrew, of the Red Pass, was desperately in love wills Bessie, and sought to make her his wife in spite of " difference in rank. The herds at the Red Pas?; were the finest and largest in the neighborhood; the barn rind store- j houses were always well filled, lie was j l a bachelor, something over two score i1 years old. and he- “ranted “Bonnie Bes i sie" for his wife. p "B the lassie thinks she cam fancy me.” he said, addressing Bessie’s grand mother, as he stood under the low, brown rafters of the- little Black 3,ynn coinage, .a hot Hush mounting to the ! shining crown of his bald head, “if the | | lassie thinks she can fancy me, the bar gain’s madt. I’m ready and willing to lead her to the kirk to-morrow; and if | a good true husband, ami some gold ! and silver will make her happy, she 11 be as happy as a queen* at the Red* Pass." Bessie listened with wide, startled eyes, burning cheeks and quivering lips. She held her peace, standing, tall and slim, in a sont of summed silence, until her grev-liaired lover had taken his leave.. Then she hurst forth into J vehement,, pnssionate protest. The old grandmother .suffered her to ; storm until; hc-r passion was- spent. "IV ell, ’tis o’er now, and ye’ll.simmer down and keep quiet, ntebbe. I’ve let ye ’nave your say, and now I’ll have j mine. We’re poor folk, me and you. X found it hard to get bread when I had j but rny own month to feed; and since I’ve been burdened wi’ you I’ve gone tc bed many a night fit to cry wi’ hunger. But I’ve borne it all, an’ done my best, an’ always been willing to gi’ you a • share o’ my- last crust.” . “But, dearest grandma -” “Now. loolcee here, my lass," inter j rupted the old: woman, lifting her bony finger, and glowering fiercely upon Bes sie; “If ye’re fule enou’ to refuse this | good fortin’. that ends it. ’twixt us two. I You pack out o’ my house, and ne’er [ cross the threshold again.” | Bessie was silent. The great world ! beyond the Highland peaks seemed so i dim and- far away, and the old home i scenes were so familiar. , The autumn days drifted on, and in the spring time she was going to the kirk with- Squire Renfrew,' and be made his wife. . The spring time came and the wed ding day was close at hand, when, one evening, just, before the gloaming, Bes sie went to fill her pitcher, as usual, at | the roelcy spring near by. She had ac complished her task, and lifted the pitcher to her shoulder, and had started for the cottage, her white, shapely feet twinkling prettily below the short petti coat as-she stepped from stone to stone in crossing the. little brawling stream, when suddenly she uttered a stifled cry, and, staggering to a moss-grown boul der, sat down and put the pitcher has ! tily on the ground, pressing her hand on. her heart, and trembling all over. “It’s liis ghaist; it’s his gliaist!” she cried, “and oh, how sail- he looked at me!" Whatever she had seen, or fancied i she had seen, there was nothing in sight when she next looked up; nothing, ex- ] cept the overhanging rocks in the even ing light, and the white birch trees swaying spectrally against the sky. “He has come from his grave.” she cried, glancing fearfully around. “ I dare, na, dare na do it. Oh! forgive me, Jamie, that I ever thought o’ it.” She drew a.silken cord, which en circled her throat, from, her bosom, as she spoke, and kissed the slender hoop of silver which depended from it. “I’ll never lia’ peace if I marry the squire,” she said, “and I ought no to ha’ It; I shall feel I am a traitor. And, oh ! Jamie, Jamie, after all, I love no one but you, and never can.” Suddenly she rose, with resolution stamped on every feature. “I must give the squire his ring back.” she said, brushing the last tears from her eye. “It is hard on him, but there is no other way. Then Jamie, then, perhaps, you’ll forgive me, dear.” | Leaving her pitcher there, she tossed back her abundant locks, as she finished this adjuration, and wont speeding away, through the falling darkness,with the light foot of a chamois. When she reached the Red Pass, the bright glow of the warm ingle-side lit the windows. She approached the near est one, and pressed her sad. tired, yet resolute, face against the glass. A minute, and she tapped liglitly against tlie glass. The squire turned quickly, stared, and then started to his feet. “Well, now, well, now, what’s the meaning o’ this?” he cried, rushing across tlie room and throwing up tlie window. “Bessie, my lassie, what’s happened?” “Something that never should lia’ happened,” she answered, looking at him with a sort of desperate defiance, and drawing the gold ring from her finger as she spoke, “I’ve come to give this back to you. Squire . Renfrew. l was wrong ever to let you put it on.” “Why, child, what do you mean?” “Take your ring,” she said. “You’ve heard of ‘Auld Robin Gray,’ maybe, haven’t you?” “Yes, I have. But what then?” “Well, I had a Jamie once,” she went on, clutching at tlie little silver ring suspended from her neck, a great throb of pain shaking her; “he gave me this, and I can’t ever wear any other ring. He—he-—went off to seek his fortune,” with another suppressed sob, “and he was lost at sea. I tried to forget him; but I cannot. I can’t keep my promise to you, Squire Renfrew. I—I couldn’t feel like she did to ‘Auld Robin Gray—I should hate you, I should.” And here she broke down completely. • “So.” he said, slowly, “you have come to. fell me this, and to ask your free dom? And you really think, too, you have seen Jamie's ghost?" “Yes. And I shall never return to grandmother again. I dare not. So I am going away." “Bessie, my darling,” cried a voice, as his strong arm clasped her. The next moment she was on the breast of her lover, who had come back alive and A few days after there was a happy marriage at the kirk. Squire Renfrew himself giving away the bride, our “Bonnie Bessie.”—“New Tork News.” 