SUPREME COURT WORK. His Honour Mr. Justice Chubb, who takes tho place of Mr. Justice Cooper, during the latter's absence, arrived in Brisbane on Thursday night. His Honour arranged to take, on Monday next, the case of Catherine Durack and othera v. C Lumley Hill, which was sot down for hearing at the November Civil Sittings. The action Is one for an account to be taken. On Tuesday his Honour will sit in the Full Court ; but as one of the matters set down is an appeal from himself he will probably retire at an early stage and continue the trial of the case referred to, If It «hould not be con- cluded on Monday. On the 14th instant he willi take the patent case pending between Walkers Limited and Sargent and Co. His Honour Mr. Justice Real has arranged to proceed with the Collett v. Nairn case at 9 30 on Monday morning, and after that he has to hear three important motions in in- solvency. The ordinary chamber work will probably be dealt ivith by his Honour the Chief Justice. ORGAN PURCHASE FUND. A largely-attended meeting of the Organ Purchase Fund Committee (Ladies Auxiliary blanch) waa held yesterday at 3.30 p m. Mrs. Willtnore ta the chair. It waa pro- posed to tepcat the moonlight promenade concert about the 22nd Instant. Later a full general meeting waa held, when the Mayor (Mr W. Thorne) explained the exact position of affairs, stating that the sum o£ £1000 would have to be made up by Feb- ruary in order to secure the £2000 pro- mised by the council. Hie worship ex prosed a hope that the citizens would for- ward the -work of the collectors in every possible way. It waa decided to print a list of all past contributors to the fund, and thus guided to take up a fresh canvass of the city. The question of paid canvassers was mooted, but held in abeyance for one month, during which time lit was proposed by Mrs Wfllmore to engage the services of thirty members of the committee to assist her In canvassing the large firms hitherto vnvlsited. Great regret was expressed at the los9 entailed by the two concerts given by the State school united choirs, and it was suggested that Mr. Kaye should be awked to make a considerable reduction in his fees. ?PASSENGERS ©Y NORTHERN WAIL". The following passengers travelled by the Northern mail train leaving Brisbane last evdning -For Gladstone : Mr. and M!rs. Smith. For Rockhampton : (Mr. and Mrs. Kraatz, Mr. and Mrs. Carter, Messrs. E. Lilley, W. B. O'Keefe, Bealey, Dr. end Mrs. Vo6B. For Clermont : Messrs. Renton, W. Taylor, and J. Ellison. INSTALLATION OF SUB-DEAN HAY. The Installation of the new sub-dean of St. John's Cathedral, the Rev. R. A. H. Hay, took place in the Cathedral last even- ing before a very large congregation. Prior to the ceremony the bells rang out a merry peal as a welcome. During the installation the following clergymen were in the chan- cel --Dr. Webber, Bishop of Brisbane, Dr. Stretch, the Coadjutor Bishop, Archdeacon David, the Rev. IS. C. Harris, precentor, Canon A. R. Bartlett, and the Rev, C. V. P. Day. The service was fully choral. The first lesson waB read by Archdeacon David, and the second lesson by Bishop Stretch. At the conclusion of tbe evensong the Bishop in a few well-chosen remarks, introduced the new Bub-dean as a successor of Canon Stone-Wlgg, who had gone to New Guinea to carry out the work of the Church. His Lordship said that the new sub-dean came to tbem as a thoroughly tiled man to carry out the ministrations of the Cathedral In a spirit of unity. The formal Installation, ?which was very impressive, then took place, the service concluding with the hymn " Come, Holy Ghost." The new Sub-dean will preach at St. John's to-morrow, both morning and evening. SEPARATION-A DEPUTATION TO THE GOVERNOR. A deputation of Northern and Central members of Parliament waited on his Ex- cellency the Governor at Government House yesterday for the purpose of presenting him with a memorial addieseed to tho Seciotary of State for the Colonies on the subject of Central and Northern separation. The memorial was signed by twenty-one mem- bers of Parliament. His Excellency pro mfleed to despatch the document In due Course. The members of tihe deputation were Messrs. G. 8. Curtis, R. H. Smith, Geo. Jackson, G. C. Sim, J. Newell, H. F. Hard acre, and W. J. Castling. CONTINENTAL VAUDEVILLE COMPANY. Another full house attended the Theatre "Royal last evening, and everything went well from start to finish. To-night (Satur- day) will be the first change of programme, every Item being entirely new. Mr. John Coleman will sing four new songs-namely, "The Josser Jockey," "Overtime," "Mul- doon," and "The Undertaker." The pro- gramme will conclude with the farcical comedy, " Burnt Alive." MISSING BRIASSWORK RECOVERED. During the past four or five months a considerable quantity of brasswork, such as taps, portions of engines, and other fittings, have been missed from workshops, business premises, and dwellings in the city. After prolonged search the officers of the Criminal Investigation Branch obtained a clue to the whereabouts of some of tbe pro- perty, and yesterday a seizure was made. Constables Mullins and Gunn, and Acting Sergeant Toomey entered the premises of Soy Chow Loong and Co., merchant?» Albert-street, and there found a largo quantity of brass fittings, which have'slnco been Identified 'by the owners. It is stated tint altogether something Uko £100 worth! of brascwork wai thus recovered, all of which had been packed up in boxes apparently tor ship- ment. Soy Chow Loong and Yum Cheong, his partner, were arrested on a charge of receiving stolen property, and will bo brought up at the City Police Court this morning. BRISDANE TRADERS* ASSOCIATION. The committee of tbs Brtebano Tradera* Acscciatloj held their usual monthly meet- ing at their «ooms, George-street, last even- ing. Mr. I. J. Juster la the chair. Corre epondoüco was read : To the manager of tho Koyal Bask, notifying chango of ofllcoro. To and from the Homo Secretary's Depart- ment, cn the subject of Separation Day holiday, in which the change of observance from Saturday to Monday wao asked for and granted. The chairman reported the action of the association in connection with coupon etamp trading and the formation ol an Anti-stamp Trading Association, which wao approved ol' and endorsed. Tho estab- lishment of an employment agency, ap- proved of by tho annual meeting and sent down to the committee for action, waa dealt with, and the secretary instructed to pre- paro tho necessary hooks and forms, and when ready to advise members and thoeo socking employment. On tho question' of Christmas holidays, it was pointed out that Cliilstrnoa Day will fall on Sunday this year, but It waa decided, in accordance with previously observed practice, that Tuesday, the 27th December, be recommended as an additional trade holiday, but that in those tradco where half-holiday ia now observed weekly such observance would be necessarily euspoadod both In the week preceding Chriat mno and New Year, and that for New Year holiday Monday, the 2nd of January, ahoull bo recommended as the day of celebration. DISTRICT COURT AT IPSWICH. His Honour Judge 'Mansfield presided at the Criminal Sittings of the District Court here yesterday (writes our Ipswich corre- spondent), and disposed of the whole of tho business in less than an hour. All the ac- cused pleaded guilty to the offences with which they were charged. Thomas Smith, who was committed for sentence from Gat- ton on a charge of larceny by the finding of a cheque at Ma Ma Creek, was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment in Brisbane ¡Gaol with hard labour, the sentence to be suspended under the Offenders' Probation Act, the prisoner promising to pay the amount of the cheque to the owner, Mr. H. 'Louden. Three little boys- Timothy Dever- eaux, Joseph Tweedale, and Percy A. Stan- dring, aged 8, 10, and 8 years respectively - pleaded guilty to a charge of larceny, where- upon the Crown Prosecutor entered a nolle prosequi, and his Honour, having given some counsel to the boys, discharged them. Thomas H. Robinson acknowledged having obtained money from W. Bell, of Rose- wood, by means of issuing a valueless cheque. He was sentenced to eighteen months' imprisonment in Brisbane Gaol, with hard labour, the sentence to be sus- pended under the Offenders' Probation Act, upon the prisoner agreeing to repay th» amount which he obtained from Mr. Bell. JAPANESE TRADE COMMISSIONERS. Two trade commissioners, repiesenting tha Government of Japan, are on a brief visit to New South Wales. They were Instructed to visit several countries, including Aus- tralia, Prance, and Hungary, wi h the object of inspecting and reporting as to the suit- ability of horses and cattle for export t3 Japan for breeding purposes. They sall by the Japanese liner on Monday next ou their return home. Captain M. Haglwarai is a horse expert ; Mr. K. Nl-hikawa is men particularly identified with cattle. Tbe latter informed a " Telegraph" representa- tive that they had 'been 300 niites inland in New South Wales, and had been greatly pleased with the appearance of the horses and cattle which they had »seen ; but no hint was forthcoming as to wnat recommen- dation» would be made to headquarters on. their return. They have made no Inquiries In any of the other Australian colonies« The success which has attended their exreri imeuts at sheepbreedlng from Australian strains has, Mr. Nlshikawa gays, favourably disposed the authorities In Japan towards Australian stock. In France they mada a few purchases of horses, chiefly of th« Arab class. TOURING THE GLOBE-ARRIVAL INI WARWICK. M, Henri Gilbert, the French Journalist, who is making a walking tour of the glob* for a £10,000 wager (writes our corresp nd ent under Thursday's date), arrived lni War- wick from Stanthorpe last evening at 1015. M. Gilbert is a vivacious person, and appears to take his arduous task very lightly. In the course of conversation he «nade it known that he does not like Australia, but he likes tho people. They are hospitable in the very highest degree. The reasons be as- signs for not liking the country are that) there is too ionien desert and bush, without a sufficient supply of water. He regarda the soil as very good and fertile In the agricultural parts. M. Gilbert looks upon the periodical droughts that visit Australia as a great drawback. Since leaving Paris ion 19th February, 1895, M. Gilbert has travelled 24,911 miles, and ere be completes his task he has yet to cover 16,589 miles, making a total of 41,500 miles. The travel- ler says walking la easy. He likes it, but he does not Ilka the association of wild beasts and reptiles 'that stand as a menace to the wanderer In the tropical climates and other parts hie has gone through. From Australia M. Gilbert goes to Cochln Chlna, thence to Vladlvostock and China, and through America, then across the Atlan- tic to Scotland, down through England-to Dover, and across the Channel to Paris. M. Gilbert looks upon walking as only pas- time if he can obtain " a good dinner and a decent night's rest." His average dis- tance is twenty-one miles a day, and on oc- casion he has gone forty-eight and fifty- seven miles. He returns here on Saturday night. __________ SANDGATE BAND. A meeting of the Finance Committee of the Sandgate Town Band was held on Thursday evening (writes our cor- respondent) at the Sea View Hotel. There were present—Dr. F. Paul (in the chair), Mr. T. Jack (bandmas- ter), Mr. J. A. Hayes (hon. secretary), and Messrs. F. W. B. Mann, Henry Marshall, and R. P. Adams. The secretary explained that the meeting had been called to consider a letter that had been sent by the band secretary to the Town Council, asking them to remunerate the band for playing in Moora Park at the rate of £1 a performance. Messrs. Mann and Adams considered that the committee should have been consulted before the letter was sent. Mr. Jack con- tended that the band had a right to make its own arrangements as to pay for per- formances. The committee unanimously agreed that the band should obtain re- muneration for their services, but expressed the opinion that they should have gone about the matter in another manner. As it was elicited during the discussion that the band considered that the committee although styled the Finance Committee had no other function than that of collecting subscrip- tions, it was decided to request the band to meet for the purpose of defining the func- tions of the committee. It was announced that several subscriptions had been pro- mised on the condition that the band gave weekly musical recitations. _________ ALBION PARK RACES. This afternoon the Brisbane Jockey dub ?will hold their usual weekly race meeting; at Albion Park. There will be six races, tho ftovrt starting at 2.30. First-clans ac- ceptances have been received for the various events, which points to a good aftern sport. Particulars of Paces to be held oa Saturday, 10th Instant, will be found In thl* Issue. CHEAP RAILWAY EXCURSIONS. The Railway Department announces ka usual cheap Christmas and New Year holi- days excursions. Single-fare return tickets between all stations within the colony are again made available to the public between Separation Day and New Year's Day, and these passes only expire on the last day of January. Special rates to Sydney and Mai« bourne are also arranged» '-''' EtEABl VNTS FALSE REPRESENTATIONS BY AP- PLICANTS FOR WORK. It sometimes happens in the Western por- tions of the colony that certificates of dis- charge given to shearers and general sta- tion labourers are used by others than those ito whom they were' originally issued, thus deceiving the employer as to the character und ability of the person presenting these references. The report in the " London Standard" of 9th September of a case heard before the Marylcbone (London) Bench may toe of interest to both employers and the general public. Charles Gardner was charged at the Marylebone Police Court with having given a lalee character when offering himself aG a servant to Messrs. Davies and Evans. It seems that Mr. Hopkins, of the prosecutor's Arm, advertised for an assistant to manage a branch, and in response thereto received an application from the prisoner, who stated that.he had been two years and nine months in tho service of Mr. Bacon, an otlman, wt Harrow road and Elgin-avenue. Mr. Hopkins called upon Mr. Bacon, who stated that the prisoner was a stranger to him, and had never been employed by him. Mr. Hop- kins then wrote to the prisoner, ana in reply received a long statement of particulars about himself on a printed form, purport- ing 'to have come from Mr. Bacon. The whole thing being a forgery, the matter was placed in the bands of the police, and tho prisoner was arrested. Defendant was fined £20, or two months' imprisonment. ABERDARE COLLIERY CO-OPERATIVE COMPANY. 'At the half-yearly meeting of the share- holders of the Aberdare Co-operative Col- liery Company, Limited, held on Friday (writes our correspondent), the report and balance-sheet submitted^y the directors Were adopted. The balance- sheet showed that the amount paid by the company in ballway freights for the half-year was i£863G 12s. 3d., for wages to minera £6395 13s. Gd., wages to daymen £2381 15e. lid., royalty to Mr. Lewis Thomas £1588 19s., and royalty to Mr. H. Ferrett £188 2s. lid. The realisations in the sales' of coal for the half-year ended on the 30th September exceeded those for the previous half- year by £2000. The operations for tho half-year showed an actual .profit1 of £40 odd. Thero were seven vacancies on the directorate, and the following were elected thereto : Messrs. John Elliott, Alfred Gambling, A. Orr, Walter J. Reason, Robert Spall, Jacob Tapp, and William Wasley. A motion that In future the directorate consist of seven Instead of twelve pensons was defeated, as was also a motion to the effect that Mesesre. J. Morris, J. Sadie, and A. Hamil- ton should be called upon to retire from tho directorate. Tho meeting, which was a somewhat lengthy one, adjourned tilll a future date. CHESS MATCH. Government Printing Offlco v. Churcn In- stitute.-The association fixture between the Ibove clubs was played Jaet evening in the pommodloue rooms of the Instituto. TJie teams were captained by Mr. Gregory for the Printers, and Mr. W. Wilson for the In itltute. A very pleasant evening waa passed, light refreshments being supplied to the visitors. The following gives the re- sult : Government Printers. Institute. .Mr. B. Gregory (c.) 1 Mr. C. H. Cae.per MK E. Boldero... 0 eonn . 0 Mr. C. S. Grahami 1 Mr. j. Mullen .... 1 Mr. A. Hamilton. 0 Mr. P. Coulter .. 'o Mr. W. Wilson (c.) 1 Mr. T. Down ..." 0 Mr. E. C. Cusack 1 Mr. J. Marriott.. 1 Rev. T. Jones_ o |Mr. G. Heil . » Mr. E. Denby ... * ¡Mr. K. Munro ... O Mr. R. Eddison .. 1 ' 3 4 .Unfinished, to be adjudicated on. QUEENSLAND PRODUCTS IN LONDON. In its notice of the dairy ûhow In the Agri- cultural Hall. London, tne " Daily News" of 21st October says : " A'lth'ougli, as pre- viously stated, there is no entry in the class for a collection of colonial dairy pro- duce, the thing itself will be found near the Islington entrance under the charge of Mr. George Randall, the Government lecturer and emigration agent in Great Britain. Queensland is admirably repre- sented by a 6tand filled with exhibits illus- trating the fruit, grain, dairy, and other resources of the colony.: -;MOst germane to the occasion are the samples of cheese and butter which all comers have,been wel- come to taste and try, and many experle, so doing, have pronounced them excellent. Dairying, as a matter of fact, has long been encouraged in Queensland on scientific principles ; the Government have included it In their scheme of education, and the returns recently received ty Mr. C. Dicken, the Agent-Ccneral at Westminster, ehow a steady increase of butter exports to the United Kingdom as well as to more south- ern colonies. Not so long ago it was thought that cheese could not be manufactured ex- cept in the South of Australia, New Zealand, and Tasmania, but Queensland, in the course of four years, had reduced its imports of that necessity from 306,0001b. to 17,0001b" while the consumption has been propor- tionately Increased. The Methodists of Vulture-street, West End, circuit concluded a very successful ¿eries of meetings on behalf cf the mission funds on Thursday night. Sermons wero preached last Sur-day in the several churches of the circuit, and during rhe wesk the Rev. J. Nairn deliveied a scries of lectures, as follow ¡-Monday night, at Boggo-road, on "Tam O'Jack's Lad;" Tuesday, at' Sevienteen-mile Rocks, on "J. B. Gough;" Wednesday, at West End, Dlckens's " Christ- mas Carols" ; Thursday, 'at Hill End, on "Peter Mackenzie." Largij^ audiences as- sembled at all the meetings.,',' On Thursday night the Rev. W. Faulkner made a state- ment of results. The gross'results cf tho effort amounted to £47 Is., being much In advance of lany previous year. ' As this was the last appearance of Mr. Nairn before a Brisbane nud'ience during this present visit to Queensland, advantage was taken of the meeting to express warm' appreciation of his services in Queensland. The Rev. J. Williams, Oisbrict secre-ary cf the late Primitive Methodist Committee, who occu- pied the chair, «aid that Mr. Nairn had been Invited for three imönths, but had 'served for soventeen, and had lift marked evidence of his ability as a lecturer wherever he had been. Votes of thanks to the collectors ind to the Rev. J. Nairn as deputation, wera jarried, with applause. Mr. G. P. M. Murray, P.M., wps the solo occupant of the bench at the Central Police Court yesterday, and for the first ttao since his appointment as Metropolitan Poiice Magistrate had not a single drunk to deal with. A youth named Erncbt Cooper plead- ed guilty to a charge of disorderly con- duct, and was fined 10s., with the alterna- tive of fprty-elght hours' imprisonment. Peter M'Donald, charged with the larceny of a basket, was remanded for a week. A young man named William Scott was charged with the larceny of a quantity of muslin, valued at 3s. lid., from the shop door of Edwurds and Lamb. One witness gave evidence of having seen the defendant with the muslin, and as to having informed the police, after which the defendant was remanded until Monday, ball allowed, him- self In £6 and one surety of £6. A well dressed and respectable-looking young man named James Shaw, on remand, was charged with fraudulently appropriating the sum of '£3, the propertyof Hugh M'Grory. Constable Horse)!, of the New South WaleB police, pro- duced a warrant for the apprehension of the defendant, and asked for the remand of the defendant to Sydney, where the alleged offence is said to have been committed. The defendant, was accordingly remanded to Sydney.». An answer appears in another column to the challenge Issued through our columna by Mr. Leslie J. Davies on behalf of the well-known professional cyclist, Mr. T. L. Swann, to race Queensland's recognised champion, Mr. J. Morison, for £10 a side and the championship of Queensland. The money has been placed In the hands of Mr. T. Holmes, of the Belfast Hotel, and it only remains for the League of Queensland Wheelmen to sanction the match and ap- point a date. Both Swann end Morison are above the ordinary cyclists, and an ex- citing contest is anticipated, Mr. Swann has chosen for his mount «he weli-known «gMSjgßajge wWer.-' -* The steamer Mararoa, 3000 tone, which has been modo the Sydney-Tasmanien tourist boat'for tho summer, was built specially for the New Zealand passenger trade, and Is admitted to bo the finest uttcd-up steam- ship in the Australasian colonies (sayo a Sydney exchange). Her cabins aro spacious and well-vent'llated, and the electric light is installed throughout tho ship. The dining snloon, situated amidships, is the full width of the ship, and has treating ac- commodation for 130 paceengers. The social hall on the upper deck is a great feature in this steamer. It is rcomy and beauti- fully furnished, the panels being all hand painted, and has a grand piano. The emoking-rcom io also on dock, and has every comfort for the convenience of gentle- men paasengero. On the upper deck there ero several cabins, 'included in which are four Pullman roome;. Above the upper deck thcro is a magnificent promenade deck the full length of the ship, which ia both roomy and spacious. Although the Mararoa was built for the intercolonial trade, ehe was engaged in the San Francisco irado under oontract Avith the New South Wales and Now Zealand Governmoritè for the carriage of malla and passengere, 'when sho made a high reputation for (speed. In every respect the nppointmento of tho steamer are equal to the mall steamers trading to thta port. Peter M'Coy, a labourer residing at West End, met with an accident on Parbury, Lamb, and Co.'o wharf, South Brisbane, yesterday morning, which necessitated lils namoval to the General Hospital. It ap- pears that a bale of-wacij slipped off a hand truck which M'Coy was .wheeling, and fell on to his left leg, fracturing bath bon?s and dislocating the ankle. H# was altcnded to and taken to the ho-pltal by the Ambulance Brigade. An Innovation.-At Carew, Gardner, and 'Billington's Tilla Day (Saturday); and until further notice, their Warehouse will remain open until ii o'clock p.m.* 'Messrs. Heiron and Smith, the well-known billiard-table manufacturéis, of Elizabeth street, Brisbane, have just completed erect- ing two new tables In the Centennial Club, Adelaide-street. The tables are fine speci- mens of this firm's workmanship. The woodwork in the tables is of .cedar and Tas- manian blackwood, very highly finished. The cushions are of the low and Improved faBt pattern. The running qualities of these tables Is said by prominent players to be equal to anything yet seen in the colony, If not better. An Innovation.-At Carew, Gardner, and Billington's This Day '(Saturday), and until further notice, t'helr Waiehcuse will remain open until 9 o'clock p.m.* Three young men named Edward Kelly, John E. Camblyn, and John Kerrigan ap- peared before Mr. G. P. M. Murray, P.M., at the Central Police Court yesterday, charged with having illegally obtained pass- ages from Sydney to Brisbane in the A.U.S.N. Company's steamer Wodonga. The defendan'ts, pleaded guilty, and were each lined £1, recoverable by levy and distress, or one month's imprisonment. Manifold Writers, for commercial travel- lers, all sizes, special paper, sharp impres- sions. W. H. Wcndt and Co., Printers, &c;, Edward-street.* There are very few in the city to whom Greek George is not known, if not in tho flesh, then at least by reputation. This marvellcusly-strong athlete is visiting Brisbane, and will open his entertainments in Dowridgo's Athletic Hall, Turbot-street, on this day week, Separation Day. In-ïid dition, there will be boxing by local ath- letes. Popular prices have been fixed for admission. An Innovation.-At Carew, Gardner, and 'Billington's This Day (Saturday), and until further notice, tihelr Warehouse will remain openjuntll 9 o'clock p.m.* The announcement of a grand military tournament, to take place on tho Ipswich racecourse, Bundamba, will be noticed in another column. All tho usual sports con- nected with such gatherings are to bo held, in addition to a number of firing competi- tions. A liberal prize programme has been prepared. ' 'Mr. Berry announces elsewhere that he Is again a candidate für the position of auditor ol' the Queensland National Bank, Limited. Recommeudnble and dependable, Plain and Twilled Sheetings.-A shipment of extra special value has jU3t arrived at Finney,. Isücß, and Co.'s, and will cut out quickly" at low prices, as follow :-Sheeting 'for Cots, at Sd. nnd 9d. per yard ; for Single Beds, at 9d. and lOd. per yard ; for Three quarter size Beds, at lO^d. and ll&d.; per yard ; for Double Beds, at Is. l»/id. per yard.* 