CHAPTER II. A VISITOR AT THE RECTORY. One of the loveliest country villages in Englaud was Queenswood. It nestled in a verdant valley, and seemed to be entirely hidden from the toilsome world beyond. it boasted perhaps a couple of dozen shops, a picturesque old inn, whose genial proprietor had once been head ooaohman to the lord of the manor, and a genuine village green, shaded by a magnificent, wide-spreading oak tree, where the old inhabitants amuBed tho youngsters by recitals of wonderful stories. Standing on a gentle eminence, about a mile from the village, was Queenswood Hall, the home of the great Lord of Queenswood, its parks, its thousands of acres.of smiling fields} and the simple villagers believed him to be equal to any monarch in the whole world. The nearest railway station was eight miles from Queenswood, so that visitors were very rare. If a visitor chanced upon the spot, he was made uncomfortable by the suspicious glances of the country folk. They never interfered with people in the outer world, and they had no wish to be interfered with. Therefore, they strongly resented the appearance of a tall, nark man, who swooped upon the village one morning, almost like a bird of evil omen, and asked hia way to the reotory. He drove through the quiet street in a hired vehicle which deposited him at the door of the Queenswood Arms. He paid the driver, and strode into' Jim Brooks’ parlor—a parlor usually reserved for the elite of the village, who patronised the inn to discuss the burning questions of the hour. | Mr Brooks met the stranger with a haughty stare. Mr Brooks had been a trusted servant'of my Lord of Queenswood for thirty, years, and knew how to look haughty. “My good fellow,” said the stranger, easily, “ fetch me a bottle of port, aad let it be at least twenty years old. Oh, you needn’t tell me anything about its quali ties” he added, tossing down a bright sovereign. “ I know the ways of old servants. One of’em always keeps the village tavern, and another doesn’t let him run short of good stuff to sell, even if he has to pay secret visits to my lord’s wine cellar. Ha I ha 1 ha !” He seemed to enjoy this questionable joke, and prevented Jim Brooks’ explo sion of indignation by telling him to keep the change. The Btranger tasted the wine, and pro nounced it to be very good, adding : “ You will not mind mo, Mr Brooks, when you know me a little better. I always was considered funny, but there is no harm in me!” .. “ Are you going to stay long in Queens wood, sir ?" asked Brooks, very much mollified by his guest’s generosity. “ A. few weeks, probably, and if you will direct me to the rectory I ahall be very much obliged. The parson and I are very old friends.’ “ Certainly, sir, that is easily done. You can see the church from the window here, and that is the rector’s house boside it.” The stranger smiled his thanks, and half an hour later was on his way to the rec tory, fully aware that the landlord was being plied with questions by half the tradesmen in the place. “ There’s no mistake about his being a gentleman,” Jim Brooks told his neigh bors. “ Why, he paid me a sovereign for a bottle of port, and only drank a couple of glasses out of it ! But I can’t say I like the look of his handsome face ; it re minds me of an eagle, or a hawk; and he’s a Boldier, or I’m out of my reckon ing.” Meanwhile, the gentleman who was causing so much speculation, had walked in a leisurely old way towards the moss grown old church, and was gazing criti cally at the rector’s pretty house, which seemed to nestle for protection under one wing of the sacred edifice. Then he opened the gate that led into a neatly-kept garden, and stepping along the gravelled path, with its trim borders, rang a modeBt peal on the door- bell. His summons was answered by a middle-aged woman of severe aspect, who regarded the stranger in questioning sur prise. “ Is the rector within ?” he demanded. “ Yes, sir,” was the reply, “but he is not very well.” “Ah! I am sorry to hear that,” was the response, in suave tones; “but he will be glad to Bee rne. I am an old friend of his college dava.” “Will you oome in, sir?” asked the woman. “ Certainly ; I have travollod thousands of miles to see my old chum, and have no intention of being turned away.” He spoke pleasantly, but thore was a hidden determination in his manner that made the rector’s housekeeper feel both annoyed and unoomfortable. “ You need not announoe me. I take it that you are—""*' “ Mrs Meade, sir, I am Mr Carleton’s housekeeper,” was the dignified reply. “ My master is in the library. Follow me, please.” The stranger obeyed, and Mrs Meade knooked at a door at the end of the wind ing old hall-way. A fretful voice said “ Come in,” and the housekeeper opened the door, saying : “ A gentleman to see you, sir. He would not give me his name.” The rector was about to deny his visitor admittance, when the stranger coolly stepped into the room and closed the door in the housekeeper’s face. “ What is the meaning of this, sir ?” demanded the olergyman, angrily. “ I will not suffer such insolence I” He had jumped to his feet, and wa3 glaring at the intruder with fiery eyes. “ Jove ! Carleton,. can it be that you have forgotten me ?” said the stranger, j oarelessly laying his hat and gloves on a small table at his side. “ A nice sort of welcome this is after twenty-two years,” t The rector gazed at the man before him with dilating eyes, then his left hand went up as though to press back the. purple veins that were forming like twisted cords about his forehead. “Lismore!” he whispered, through lips as white as the front of his spotless shirt; “ Denzil Lismore 1” “Yes, Carleton, it is I. Don’t look so scared, old man ” he laughed, contempt uously. “ I am not an avenging Neme sis ! Jove ! I flatter myself 1 am a little too good-looking to be mistaken for one of the infernal deities! A pretty sort of weloome this is, truly !” The reotor had dropped back into his seat, weak and trembling, the damp of an awful fear on his pallid face. “ I thought—-I hopad that you were dead,” he said, in that strange whisper of his, “ and that my secret was buried with you. Fiend! what is-it that you want now ? Why have you returned to torture me f Mr Denzil Lismore took a cigar from an elaborate case, and smiled. “ ’Pon my word, Carleton, I must say that you are complimentary ! Wish that I were dead, eh ? New, that is unkind. But you see that I am not dead, and also that there is no likelihood of my shuffling off this mortal coil to please even you ! I am forty-four years of age, and oan pass for a man of thirty- five. ' You are fifty, and look nearly seventy. My dear fel low, it strikes me that remorse must be a horrible thing.” ' Lismore struck a match on'the sole of his boot, and applied it to his cigar. “I should imagine this to be a very pretty place in the summer,” he observed. “ How did j.ou manage to fall into such luck 1 I infer that your patron, my Lord of Queens wpod, is a generous man 1 Are you a happy husband and papa ?” he added, upon hearing a -peal of girlish laughter in another part of the house. Thank God, I am not!” was the hparse rejoinder. “Now, Mr Denzil I Lismore, we will come to terms forth I with. What is your price? You^ave beggared me once, and I suppose you are here to do the same thing again j but let me warn’ ypu that my resources are limited, and that your harvest this tiine will be poor indeed.” Lismore regarded the clergyman in protended astonishment. “ You have quite mistaken my feelings towards you,” he said. “I am not here to exercise any power I may hold over you. I have paid you a visit merely for the sake of old times." Mr Carleton shuddered. X “ I know you too well for such harm less intentions,” he groaned. You are as cruel as a tiger, Denzil Lismore." “I repeat it, Carleton, for I.am no longer a poor man.-' A few years since several lives stood between me and the Lismore estates, with the possibility of more being added $ but the devil always takes care of his own, and I am master of Lismore Grange, and all appertaining thereto. It was this which brought me to England again. I have no ill-feeling toward you, simply because l know one or two of your youthful errors. Why should l have ? I am even ready to re fund the money you so kindly lent to me; but I vish to be entertained as an honored guest, and have an introduction to my Lord of ‘ Queenswood. This country is worth mpre than a passing observation, I and there should be some very decent shooting in the neighborhood.” The rector began to breathe freely again, and the light of hope shone deeply in his gloomy eyes. “ You are not torturing me, Lismore ?’’; he whispered. “ Swear that you are not torturing me 1” “ I have told you the simple truth,” replied Lismore. “I discovered where you were, and what you were doing, quite by accident, and I expected a different welcome to this! I came because I know. so few people, and time was hanging hea vily on my hands. Does it not occur to you that a poor parson is of little use to a man with an income of eight thousand a year? 1 have only come‘to ask“ for your friendship—to introduce me into a little of your Belect society. I am ambitious, and the influence of a powerful noble like the Earl of Queenswood might land me into Parliament some day ! No, Carleton, there is nothing more that I intend ask ing of you, at present. I am here as an old friend, by your kind invitation. My past is irreproachable, if enquired about !" He laughed, but his fierce, black eyes were fixed menaoingly upon his victim. “ My past is irreproachable, and so is yours! Shake hands upon it, Carle ton, and instead of looking as though you had seen a ghost, let your cheek be flushed, and your eyes brighten with pleasure. It is not often that such a friend as I am turns up after a silence of twenty-two years. I ’o not regard me as the man who can wreck you with a breath, but in the light of a master whose demands are small, whose wants are few 1” He laughed pleasantly, and turned to the window. It overlooked a portion of the garden, and his attention was drawn to the figure of a beautiful girl who was hurrying down the path to welcome sonic one whose carriage had stopped at the rectory gate. Onib minute, and the maiden reappeared, with another of almost equal beauty, and the black eyes of Lismore blazed with admiration. ‘‘ Lovely girls, both of them, by Jove 1” he exclaimed. “ Who are they, Carle ton ?” “ One is my niece, Miss Amy Qarleton, and the other a friend, Lady Margaret Gresham,” the rector replied, uneasily : “ Gad !” mutteied Lismore. “ Your niece is an uncommonly beautiful girl, Oarleton. You may be of some use to me, after all 1” 