AUSTRALASIAN AND OTHER ? ? ' MINES. A FIRMER TONE. (From London Truth of August 4.) Although it cannot be said that any large amount of business has been tran sacted in West Australian mining shares, the tendencv has been distinctly more favorable. The news from the colony is satisfactory, although just at present the crnshings are scarce. Ade . laide is not- just row on the buying tack, :-. and thus dealings have been restricted. .:? There has, however, been an improve : inent m Golden Horseshoe, which are quoted £9 lGs 3d, and 'Jrreat Boulder Proprietary have been well maintained at 18s 3d ex the dividend of 6d. The meeting of ?i'ras-pholders to discuss the Boulder Milling Company trouble has been called for August 4, and it is to be hoped that ci.is ghost will then be finally laid. Hamnuis Brown Kill have b^-n .steady at £8 7s Od. It is statul shat tiie new niachiuery is going well, .-Mid important results are shortly expected. An important improvement has taken place in the leading scares of the Lon don and Giob.-v group. Lake Yiew Con sols have advanced to _58 16s 3d, Ivanhoeto £6 11s 3d, while London and Globes have improved to 22s. Notices are issued of the closing ofthe books of the London and Globe Corpora '.ion for the purposes of. the dividend, and in about tan days the chairman will be able to explain at the meeting of shareholders the position- of the com pany, which I understand is very satis f.tct-ry, large profits having be^n earned fur sth'e year. Those who have been 'frightened out by recent ' Bear ' raids will -do well to buj their shares back again. Sons of Gvvalia have been firm at £1 16s 3tt, and West Australian .Goldfields-' stand at £1 2s ,6d, while Hampton Plains look like going better at 12s 6cl. Hannans Croesus and Whit \ Feather Main Reef have hardened, but W.A. Joint. Stock. Trust shares are slightly easier, and Northern Territories remain at 16s 3d. The Lady Shenton is doing well, and the shares are quoted at £2 Is 3d ex-div., which is an extremely moderate priee. An' excellent crushing is again to hand from the, Lady Sheritbn, the following cablegram haying been re ceived :' Started June 27 ; cleaned up July 23 ; tons crushed, 710 ; yield, 1945oz 4dwt. Mining costs, per ton, 12s 4d ; milling^ 19s. Kayfield reports drifts drift from, the level No 4 north the same as reported before. At the bottom of winze No 1 the vein is fully 14ft in width, showing 10ft milling ore; have not yet got to hanging-wall. Everything is b;jing done to hurry 5-stamp mill.' It will be seen t'^at the yield per ton has increased, and that this is the largest crashing the mine has as yet had, while favorable developments continue to be reported. In other Australian shares Mount Lyell have shown great weak ness, and a fresh decline t:- £7 17s 6d has occurred. ' West Mount Lvell have fallen to 5s. In New Zealand share? hardly any business is passing, and both Hauraki and Komata reefs are 1 -wer. Indian mining shares have been steady^ Nine Reefs and Coromandel being/firmer. Amongst British Co lumbian shares .Hall ; Mines h-8.ve declined, but Waverley hav? im proved on favoraole news. British America Coporation are much stronger at 16s, and it is expested that at the meeting ot the London and -*lobe Finance Corporation the fullest infor mation will be given with regard to the remarkable developments on the British American properties. I stated last week that the Corporation had secured full control of the Le Roi mine. Ad vices ate also to hand by cable that the ore recently struck in the Josie (West Le Roi) averages 10ft wide, and assays loz 7dwt per ton, and that the develop ments, in the No. 1 are most satisfactory. The manager adds, therefore, that he is. absolutely sure that the company pos sesses two more Le Roia. 