' WEEK B Y WEEK. fROU THE BENAMBRA AND BOGONG ADVERTISER. Under the thin disguise of - " A. M.," lh. a. Mueller continues to publish liis series of trenchant eiid-of-the- century ar ticles in that magazine .of light.- and lead-' \"S I5"13 ' Harbinger of Light." Dr. _ . er' udl is by far the most prominent aa liter to that journal, has, this month, contributed no fewer than five and a half vuiuinns or interesting reading to its pages, whilst another thoughtful writer, whose initials "J. S." suggests a well-known (Melbourne journalist, occupies tAA'o col umns in a careful and appreciative review of the Doctor's views. Dr. Mueller's more vigorous article is taken up with a reply to a 'leader' in the " Argus," which madp a characteristically flippant attack on Spiritualism. The doctor opens tire ?'Vi '"S ,iteVarY antagonist by saying : 'What can avc say of the attitude of blank negation which the .Melbourne ' Argus" so persistently maintains in cleiiling aa'it.h subjects of psychical and oc- i-ujb icsearcn, noiv occupying a large share of interest, not only with the better in- founed public, but also in literary and scientific circles? In all charitableness Avhat can avc say but that the lucibra- tions of that paper mi these subjects dis play an amusing amount of ignorance both as to facts and all important issues nmilved, together with an utter want of modesty, ail absolutely disgusting aro- gance in advancing its own crude, ill-di gested and purely negative notions against the matured convictions of eminent men who have devoted years to tho study of these subjects, and drawn their final con clusions from carefully observed and well established facts? ... It is how many years since the "Argus" com menced to adorn its leading columns with scurrilous and offensive utterances de nouncing Spiritualists and other students of tho so-called Supernatural as rogues or fools. The overwhelming majority of papers, which commenced to treat the subject in this way, have been wise and honorable enough to. change their tone untier the constantly increasing weight of evidence, that showed this falsely-accused Supernatural not to be above nature at all, but simply a department of it that eludes ordinary sense perceptions, and ivhich instead of being supernatural is merely snpursonsal. Few. if any, of them hold up the students of this fascin ating domain of nature to scorn and ridi cule as the " Argus" does. n . . VvV Continuing, the doctor says : — " When the Collins-street oracle first pronounced its anathemas against Spiritualism and kindred subjects, the public were com paratively uninformed and inclined to side with tlie oracle. But the stern logic of facts, elicited by constant research, has brought about a wonderful change in the public mind. Its attitude is now, at the worst, one of respectful reserve, and the conviction with the thinking portion of the community is all hut unanimous that in matters psychical and occult avc our- selves and a few generations preceding us have gone a great deal too far in negation, and that to get at the truth we must re trace our steps." The subject of the Argus article aa-.-is the recent publica tion by Mr. Stead of a volume of " Real Ghost Stories," of which 100,000 copies were sold in one Aveek ; and after dis cussing the importance of this contribution to -Spiritualistic literature, Dr. Mueller sums up the matter in this way. He says ; — " Theosophists and Spiritualists may, however, take heart of grace. Everv- one who considers the signs of the times will not be slow to perceive that the renaissance of true psychical inquiry is at hand. I note, as doubtless do many of my generation, with the deepest satis faction, that the most intellectual and thoughtful minds of the day at the uni versities of Great Britain and on the Continent are sounding a deep note of inquiry, and are asking "with ever increas ing earnestness if there has not been a terrible mistake made by ' leading minds' and the followers for several generations, ls it not possible that there may be some rc-adjustinent of heroes now on the ped estals in the Valhalla of public estima tion ?" %\%% Commenting at icngth upon Dr. Mueller's articles, "J. 8." in the same issue, pays the writer the following grace- ful compliment:—"! cannot deny my self the pleasure of expressing the grati fication I have derived from reading " A. M.'s'' admirable contributions to the Harbinger, under the title of ' Fin de Steele ReA'ieAA's.' Flis forcible arraign ment of our modern civilisation, which is merely varnished barbarism, saA'agery masquerading under the guise of refined selfishness, and civil war between the classes and the masses, is profoundly and painfully true, and it is a state of things Avhich threatens to eventuate in a general breakup of human society, and in such a crisis in' the affairs of the ivorld, as the race has not seen since the dissolution of the Roman Empire. I am no pessimist. By temperament 1 am an optimist, and have all my life been accustomed to look 011 the bright side of things, and to hope for the best, but I confidently assort that it is quite impossible for any philosophical thinker, to study the present aspect or society in Europe, the United -States of A us- tralia, ivithoub entertaining a firm con viction that AA'e are 011 the eve of a social convulsion of terrific potency, whicli lyill be attended ivith prodigious results. I'enny. son, years , ago, .ivhcu he ivrote in his first "Locksley Hall" — ' Slo.yly co.dcs 11 hungry people, as a Hon, creep ing niglier, - Slues 01a) that nods and- winks bellied :t j, slowly dying fire. ' This- is pretty hot, but " J.S." goes on to say— " There was a time when religion, operated as a restraint upon political and social discontent. It has- ceased- to do' so ever since all the nations of Christendom with one accord, subscribed to the -new dogma -'There is, but one God, Money, and Rothschild is his prophet.' The mil lionaires;' and the multi-millionaires, and all the muck-rakes of- Europe, .America and Australia have accepted this shibboleth. It is a "negation of Christianity, as taught by Christ, a denial of the immortality of the soul, and a practical avowal of a dis belief in any after life ; for each of these is absolutely incompatible with money- grubbing .and with all selfishness." Again we say this is pretty hot, burthen ii'as it not .(Archdeacon ' Langley. ivho said only last iveek that the real thing Australia needed/most to save it from going utterly to the bad was men who dared to speak their honest minds on matters public. Impounding?!. — Tallangatta. — Im pounded 28th February 1 chestnut mare S.M. oil shoulder, . blaze face, hind feet white. — To be sold 2Gth March. £1000 for ls. Avinniug ticket in the Eight Hours' Art Union, to he draivn -011 Saturday, April 30th, 1898. Tickets to be had from Richard Warren, at " Tho Ovens and Murray Advertiser" office, Loch-street, Beechworth. 