COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER X — AVE PREPARE FOR A SIEGE. when- 1 descended Into the estera wi«.: I had .hit- npon.flno, line, tot defence- it "itls, and I at once -proceeded to realise It- aa , walked from the drawbridge along the in to the back of the castle I wondered If it was practicable, hut, remembering what old Kestevcu had said of his predecessor's ox riment some 40 years before, I hna t hopes that the sluices would still work. The brook ran, as you will remember, behind the castle n little distance from It. ami 1 found without difficulty the mouth of the conduit which had been formerly used to loed the fosse, I, Inserted my arm ns far ns possible mid the space seemed fairly clean, though the earth had crept In and lay along the hot to"'. S«'n with grass to the depth of some inches. Still, I lind .110 fear that the flow ot water would not wash this sediment away provided always I- coiiId get the sluices up! To find these sluices -was my next thought! I moved along the tnrf In' the direction hi: which it seemed, that the culvert iuust run : Scrutinising very ; ciiref nlly every inch of' the ground. About 3 feet from the streanr was n lfollceiiblo elevation, a grass plot ris ing In a -mound 2 feet high. Here was obTl. pusly what I wanted;, .and so taking a spade I 'dug .with a will, and soou had the" turf removed, and the Uoor of a stone erection lay hare. It was a good hour's work ere I bad , cleared the ruhldsh away sufficiently to free the sluices; then.-I laid liamls 011 them and pulled vigorously, hut fruitlessly'. I must ' plainly have assistance, and accordingly, well enough content with uiy labor so far, I went hack to the house. At breakfast i' revealed iny scheme, much to the delight of. Sheppard, who roundly : declared that be- would give live yenrs of his life for this ad venture,.; Supported by two enthusiastic as sistants, Jli-1'eturued to work, fetching with me a heavy lrou: bar for use ns a lever. Iu-1 serting tlds, we nil linjij; npon the handle, nnd wi-r relieved lo feel' the sluice giving lu. Its stdfie.Jitnme work. "A little more beef, Montgomery," shout ed Sheppard, aud himself grew as red as a . turkey cock with his efforts. Montgomery flung his heavy body upon the extremity of the bar, and with a crash' soinethlug came up with a jerk. At the snme time I heard beiow- n faint rumbling nnd rushing ns of 'water. I ran to the edge .of tlic stream aud peered over. At a poiut below me the water wns sucking hi with a gurgling sound. . "We've done It," ..I shouted, and ere the words were out of my nioulh Sheppard nud the other were racing; for the- moat, whither' they presently waved me with wild hands. The water was pouring- from' 'the conduit In a strong streuni fully 1 fool in thickness.' That was enough. It would take some liours to fill the 'mont, but it might take all day, so long as we were secured by the fall of night. We left the. sluices up and weut back. "The next thing," said I, "Is to attack the drawbridge. The portcullis wants ell, but that will do later." '- i \ "We'll, have this castle a medlmval for tress In a twinkling," snld Sheppard. Tlie heavy chains of the drawbridge were Intact, but the machinery was In n very bad way; and without more ado we got to work upon It. I called my innn, Williams, lato re quisition, nnd I think It took the. four of us till 0 or 7 o'clock In the evening ere ivo pro-" nouueed ourselves satisfied. After that wc had a rehearsal with botli portcullis and drawbridge. By this time tbe moat was swimming with water, which Lipped under the shoulders of tlio bridge. . There must have beeu fully 12 feet of water la the fosse. "This won't do. We'll "have an Ihuada- tlon," said Montgomery, niul let tlic sluices down. When all was done wc surveyed our handiwork', and were content. It was now close upon 8 o'clock. Dinner hud been ready for more, than halt an hour, so we' were Informed hy Mrs. Main, who must have regarded us ns luna tics. The clock In the hall struck S as we entered. "Watch time,", said I, "who goes! We looked at each other laughing. "It's my turn," said Sheppard, with » grimace; hut I stopped him, "No, let Montgomery," I said, nieaniag-- - 1 "Right you are," responded Maaitgomcir. cheerfully; and taking his braoo of plstois, vanished along the corldor. "How's this?" asked Slieppnrd, J think the poor hoy had earned his dinner. - "Bless you, he shall luive Ids (1'nncr' . answered, "only the danger Is going I later, nnd I'd rather Montgomery were asleep in bed than asleep on the tower. "You do lilm justice," said Shepparia . "Well, to say the truth, liesgot tore- deem himself, nnd that's a fact. . ,1 We had arranged that i i„'ii,u|ng stay the night In; the cast e, and I Sill with the fear of burglars, 1. d lilm with a shot gnn in case ne i » >> 11 1 ff(, to the worst. As Shcppnnl ri1"'1 bUl9 couhl readily tangle the N\ ;iirrU||ty, if he became suspicious; ,,' ..islan« should brlug lis the sympathetic a5 d of the law, I think we could be f enough nnd vagiic enough to coi kindly efforts. t,„„„ii to us Mrs. Mnlu wns by this r|VI,iitf, by irou tics through Shoppaul > ' . ko nor do I know to this day cxn 1 . . , lis((t managed It, or in wlmt illyrai gouso his amiable nnd soothing ncllou is. MC|j. imtld was Mrs. Main's lilroll'if,. R . 0 scarcely involve lier in our enk Id" t Mrg, might screaui, 'or she' might 111 » jn #ny, Main answered for her silence, . case we had to take the rlss. . uatDlI We were now, as I conceived, add fTnCThist a surprise. From .8 o clock for/, rtnmf upon tUc nest morning we should \- ,/upo,, tUe rack of suspense, hut 10 f Af us was sturdily resolved to nccom- w.c l ?,,, duty at all hazards. That an nt- r"\h ,!iulil be delivered I had few doubts; '.nv anxiety lay ruther as to the watch ? ,rhlcl» It would be delivered. I had sent 111 prv to ills post early, as It seemed ri-, r ,norp responsible heads than his , .nke tlie deeper and darker hours of the "(From 8 till 11 his time rau, and yet f « might be upon us ere that. He was 1 with some sandwiches nud cheered oh a little wine, while below Sheppurd and lu a condition of tension. Jill, linn" It," exclaimed Sheppard pre sently,' after dinner, "I can't stnnd this. Let !"?oun wral'dbe' inuch wiser," said I, "to Sliward shrugged his shoulders. "It's mm next, vou say, and I'm not used to i/mvikened In my beauty sleep; It's bad for i. No' I'll go to bed when you relieve Not unaccustomed to such hours. IVli.v, B Win seem quite like London; but I recoiu- Inil vour own advice to yourself." i „ j I will take It," I answered. "See hit Montgomery gets Ills supper and goes |o bed like a sensible person. I'll be with inn at " punctually." Wltli which I left him, somewhat astonlsh- „1 at my ileeislvc action. I cannot snv that I enjoyed a peaceful Iccd Although I was dog tlreil, partly (mill the exertion of the day's work, and nartlv because I had had no rest the pre vious' night. I still slumbered very fitfully lid uucnsllv. A concourse of gratuitous dangers assembled in my dreams, anil a treat nightmare bestrode me. Fiunlly, I wrote In n fever, and throwing the hot blan kets from me, stepped to the open window. My bedroom faced the north, and the cool jlrs that heralded the dawn wandered over Ke, reducing the fume and fire of my Oftvcs. Fur a way some roysterlng bird was railing— not In his spring notes, but rau cous now with the sombre heat of nntnmn. The eurtnln of the dawn lifted. It was time for me to relieve Slieppnrd. My tratch marked a quarter to two. Having dressed, I weut down to the great hall, and thrusting the western windows open looked out. Trees, like great ghosts unseen, whis pered In the night together. The stars pltinmered down below, nud I suddenly re collected that I was peering Into the water of the fosse. The stillness hung so deep that I was possessed of a sudden with a hundred fours. Was Slieppnrd murdered? And was the castle and Its treasure now In the hands of those abominable assassins'; I listened for a cry, but there was liiine; only the gentle wash of tlie waters ngnlnst these ancient foundations, and the swishing of the leafage of tlio neighboring trees. The park lay, as one might have fancied, uuder tlie Imminent hand of death, so grave nnd Sepulchral were its precincts. I stole upstairs, chimbcrlng with a lantern lo the keep. Upon the tower a slleiit .figure turned, and a low voice spolce: - , 7 "Is tluit yon, Ned?" ,r ... . . . The sound nlmost .startled, me,. '.occurring upon the stillness, 'so oddly did tills human voice conflict with the wayward imr,£e'of- my nilniL "It Is a beautiful- spectacle,'1, lie lvent oil, meditatively. '"I; have never1 seen the night pass In tills way.1 I have always spent it hitherto. It Is passing now. One heroines conscious of the difference." "Any news?" I asked. "Well, I have two things to coiiimunlcnte. Do you see tlint tree?!' I . peered Into the darkness in the direction lie had Indicated,- hut was unable to mnke.out anything do- Cnlte. "1 hear It," I observed, doubtfuliy. "Well, I've seen it," lie retorted. "Your eyes arc hotter ' thnn mine, then;" I onstvered. ; "May he," said .Sheppard, cheerfully ; "tuny be not. But I ; don't profess io see through n wall. That tree ,.ls 50 pneos mray, and It is nn oaki .very large 'and um brageous." ' ;V "I believe you are right," I nnswercd. "I think I recollect It as being: there." - "I didn't," he went on. "But r reckon to tec by mntchllght ns well ns any.!' I was puzzled. "Matchllght?t' !l queried. "You haven't been :\\. "Oh, ilenr, no!" he exclaimed.; '"My 'tower has been the central patch ot blnckiiess lu this black night. Besides, whoever struck,, a luateli at nlglit to sce;.liy?. No; .tW match" was In that snnia.trcc i spenk !of.'i - I !ws silent. "I presume it illdu't1 strike. Itself," lie eonctuded.; " -- -- :': ."lower your voices",!. I "enjoined;,,, 'Shep pard smiled, us T could, perculv.c, even In the tlarkncaa. ..." „ see' iiccinioiU 'Tlijfe's no' one there""t6"sti'lkb a match now,- lo tlie best of ni.v belief." "i " " i " . "How is that?" . "Dlil you hear no sound?" lie asked. I shook my head, and! be patted his .shot gun. "I congratulate you on" yonr 's6uiidr' licss of health. I fired about nn hour ngo, and I fancy the shot did not altogether: miss. The match went out, nnd my Jdrown Bess went off, simultaneous like, ' ns my valet would say. There followed a still, small noise, nud after that- again pattering.' feet receding. I think someone has indigestion to-dny In Sercoinbe's army." "Bravo! IteglnnhV," snld I. "All the bet ter. They will sec tlint we keep n' sharp look out. What else?" Sheppard shouldered his gun nnd walked to the northern verge of the parapet. Stoop ing, he fumbled 111 tbe darkness, nnd tlie next moment Ills voice sounded from below nty feel. "Follow, Ned," ho called. Grop ing about with feet and linmls, I entile upon an open hole In the floor, and Inserting my legs cautiously, happened upon the first step in a stone stairway. Diligently stepping uoivii this through sheer blackness, I came out upon Sliepnrd's liecls Into what by com parison seemed daylight. The stars glisten ed In the canopy of heaven. I was out upon the battlements. Me might have known there wns some coimnunlentlon between the keep anil the "e'dent," snld Sheppard. "You see the ' """"go. I've been pacing this wulk like a i', 'or last two hours." „:;aa Jon get right round?" (a , ,, "" yd." be returned, nnd started Jiaa. . nlonB th,lt lofty roadway. Tlie bnt- . "aturnlly stretched across tlie u-,,11 ,!!? tlle «"stle, running from wall to nn, ',. . PnrnP®t stood some live feet high, lm,i - with the embrasures which nln,Jl'll'i usetl for eulverln and other 0 c'annn. There was ample space, ubrorl?rl mon nt m'ms t0 "'arch Hcii Mi. ?',0I1B the heights. Slieppnrd moved niiin.w'. lioail Just swinging clear of tlio in ti, i" the blacker darkness held wltli- wn« A„ n,!ows of tlie building. The roof lenil , lt'UIH Ori-''t with rubbish, lumps of flc-i.i 'l's f broken masonry, masses of una rotten leaves, huge logs of wood and decaying filth Indescribable.' Over this I stumbled as I kept -at Sbcppnrd's heels nnd once or twice I pitched headlong Into the dust and powdor of generations of de cay. A horrid stench filled my nostrils and my .mouth wns choked with particles of the withered garbage. But presently Sheppard paused, and there rose quickly before me out of the superincumbent gloom the blacker mass of the drum towers. Feeling his way. Sheppard hit upon an Iron ladder connecting Willi the heights above, nnd presently we stood upon the topmost pinnacle of tlie castle, and peered from It Into the night. Tbe nocturnal mist and blackness of tlie valley below were slowly shifting, Tbe darkness seemed to me troubled as though it boiled In the great cauldron of tlio night; and out of this stirring confusion, with slow and sombre deliberation stepped the dawu. Tbe trees gradually grew blacker, showing against a vast and grey gloom. Yet there was - no light visible in those seething chnnges of tlie elements. The night still hung about as re luctant, Insistent, defending lier last passes. The southern drum tower looked down up on the deeper shadows, nnd I could not descry the wall. I turned to my companion for an explanation, and smiled at, the con fusion of my own brain when he answered, "That's the south, Ned. You know the battlements are In ruin there." . Of course they were; but I was not to be deterred from a complete circuit of the walls by. that small fact; and I groped for the lad- 1 del'. "Be careSpl, Nod," said Sheppard. "Better not. Wait till It's light." Now I knew very well nt the time that he spoke wisely, and that I was taking merely a rash hazard for no better purpose than to display to ntyself:my own determina tion— or obstinacy, If .you will. But the feel ing was strong upon me, and so, nicking my steps down the ladder, I paid lilm 110 attention. I'rcseutly, my foot,, descending, shot through empty iilr, and colncidcutally witli thnt the iron bar to:wlilcbl was cling ing with my left band ceased abruptly. For a moment I had. a sickly sensation In my stomach, and I went quite cold. But, bruc-. lug myself together, 1 kneeled upon the lowermost step, and launched my body into space. 1 have no intention, ns I sny, of defending my foolhardluess, nor do I take credit for my ultimate escape from what wus undoubt edly a deadly peril: My legs kicked aimless ly In the air, and found no rest.. There sccuicd nothing but vaeancy beneath me, and as the conviction grew in my hilud tlint I must abandon the essay, I tightened my hold upon the iron of the ladder; and strove to pull myself up. But my wrists lind already-. .weakened. In 'that tedious and unavailing oscillation In sp'uco, and to my horror 1 discovered that I 'could not get back. My muscles: stiffened nnd bulged in my arms. I felt. the blood dammed slowly lu my head, and the noise of -waters sound lu my cars;. "Sheppard!" I called, .faintly." " . "Ned; Ned!" ciuue Shcppnrd's ' whisper froui above, and 1 was aware vnguely of a tiny ' spark of-llght slilnlug, as it were, in heaven. The . glow, lit .up the -remnants -of tlio Iron ladder, nud below tills I could see, as I hung, the Iiumiuent brows of tbe ruined wall, and the . gleaming light .of waters far away. Yet this -Illumination wns for my salvation. The ruins were overrun with masses of . Irish ivy, ns I have said, and ill the course of- centuries this strongly groping creeper hud clambered over and' beyond Its proper limits of decay, and clothed In great nnd .twisted branches the wall of the Uriuii tower, to one . side of mo, Gasping pith my exertions, I reached'a. hand top'ards these leaves, nndj catching a thick stem like a cubic, I clung to It deseriitoly, wlille divid ing my weight betp-eeu the two supports. My only anxiety, wus whether, the,: Ivy would hold, its attachment to, the stones' of the Avail "'must' be7 precarious, dud yet 1 iuust trust to it, and so, poising an Instant be tween the two, i "dropped slowly upon the creeper: The friendly branches held, und I slipped carefully down until I. stood upon the broken -'stones of tbe mined wall. Im mediately I sat" down' and brcntlicd deeply High' above X saw Sheppurd light another liiatch, and-I heard bis voice calling to me; but' I had no strength to reply. ' He flung the light from him; nnd, descending in nn arc; it 'passed before my eyes nnd went out with n fizzle below; I leaned over, and tbe grcyncss of tlie coming tluwn luy In tbe water 30 "feet below; a fragment of stone detnebed by- my movement rumbled over the margin and fell with a great ..blob Into the moat. There were iO.feet'of water in.tbe fosse. I sliuddcrediiud called, back to Sliep- hnrd.v "Good"'God! I was- afraid something li'nd happened to you,'! said he; "are you all right?!' " r ' '.. ;Tl'expIaincd the position.-' "Walt there, and I'll Join you from the other side. You old fool,' Ned." . " "" . , " I accepted the criticism meekly, and re tained' my iilne'e upoirthe Ivy-covered ruins until I heard the sound of Teet upon- my light," nnd'- 'preseiiily : perceived ..Sheppard erauiiiig over tlie "stones townrdB mo. - . - He siit dcp'u near me. drawing bis-brentU dccp- "You can get down from the other side pretty easily." ho declared, 'it's well to re- iucmhcr that. ' 1 - ' : "I don't quite see why you have done-so,'.'. I answered rather, ungratefully, "you would be better asleep." ' » .-' - '/ r nonsense," he .exclaimed, then, niter -a pause, "Hie dawn will be up directly, Ned." rroseutly bis head nodded upon bis shoulder. I let 111 m sleep. He must have been worn with his long vigil and the longer toll. But that wns always Shcppnrd's wily; ills own excitement burned lu lilm like oil, until they nickered out. Tie wns strung upon delicate wires, and must pulsate to their least rhythm. I knew that ho would not go lo lied, anil lie laid better take what rest was possible 111 tills Illegitimate way. The stars llared nnd went out; yet tbe dawn seemed long in coming. I pulled out my watch, and striking a match, consulted It. It was half-past 3. Shcppnrd's bend lurched forward, and Ills lirentli grow stertorous. A thin fine line of light out neross tlie eastern horizon. And then suddenly a stick cracked below me. I stnrtcil, alert, Intent, the drums roil ring hi my ears. A soft slblhitlon as of whispering voices, exchanged below the breath, caught my eager senses. Purely I could discern the noise of footsteps falling quietly upon tlie grass. I strained my sight to nlerce Hint grev-hlack cloud of gloom, but there was nothing visible, and leaning soft- lv forward I touched Slieppnrd upon the shoulder. He was itwnUe 111 ail Instant, ami ere I knew It, whispering nt me under his breath, "What is It? Are they come? "Listen," I murmured. Silence dropped tinon the environing night. A breeze of cool iilr crept out of the stagnant corners of the dnrkness; the trailing creepers upon the venerable ruins stirred 111 a faint iliac of sound; the wind gathered in the vacancy ii nd a little roar broke over the walls about us It was ns If this Idng nocturnal still- ness of the dead were called away and broken by some lond trumpet of the morn ing.. Life returned and shuddered lu that cool blast. Sheppard turned to me motion- Ing with Ills hand; reaching close he put bis lips to my cars. "They're down by the moat exploring," be said, "several. I think. Shall I fire?" I grasped his hand in return. "No, no," I murmured back, "you stay here, and keep quiet, with yonr shot gun. I'm going down to find out. Tlicy have no suspicion of their discovery. Keep cool." With which I slipped noiselessly on hands and 'knees, until I had reached the back parts of the ruined wall. From here It was a descent of 20 feet or more into the court yard, but the face of.tbe ruin was irregular, and I found by groping, projecting stones which offered me a foothold, so that pre sently I dropped to the flags of the yard without sound 'and stole Into the house. My first duty was to awaken Montgomery, and the man, Williams. Both of them I despatched by means, of a ladder to join Sheppard on tlie heights, nnd that done, . I took a lantern, nnd descended Into the cor ridor of dungeons. My light was but feeble, and my progress was necessarily slow nlong that pnrt' of laky blackness. At each of the turnings I paused, and pro ceeding to tbe bottom, peered out through the . grating on. the waters of the fosse. I lind. In this manner, and exercising this precaution, made the circuit of half tlio Castle nnd was now upon the southern face, and, ns I concluded, In the proximity of Slieppnrd and the others. Here it was that I met a new alarm. As I gazed out of tlie grating on my tour of Inspection, and was almost now convinced that our fears had been unnecessary, and that we had been delivered by the early movements of the dnvri, suddenly there grew before my eyes, mid out of tbe greyness, a vast bead, set with horrible rolling eyes, and girt with shuggy linlr. The apparition flickered be fore tlie bars of the window, and with a quick movement, seemed to push forward ns though, to enter. Involuntarily I started back Into the darkness. The face glared nt me, pressing upon tbe linrs, tbe lip twisted over the red gums and yellow fangs, aud tbe water dripping from its blnck hair. Its eyes menaced me with a grimace, nnd for half a minute of time we stood confronting one -another, my tiny thread of light streaking tlie ghastly apparition with yellow. Tlie next moment It had vanished, and my wits returning In a tide, I 'flung myself forward to tbe grating and looked out. Tbe lantern waved upon the dark-, waters, and thnt was nil. But' this whs more than. onough foiiiie, and , I. was nwnre that. it" was likely to' be quite enough for onrr. assailants. '-Hnriicdly I quitted the corridor, and re gained tlie upper nir. v By menus of the lad der 1 'reached tlio. rest of the party, and at once ' communicated my information, - (To be Continued.) 