. .. CHATTER Ml. • , ' TUEt BOTH HAVE TBEtB SEOBEH. Tho time came when Pinnlo could mors around the house, and he (retted not'a little as to his future course., It never occurred to him, or his friends, that be would return to tho school.' At that institution there was little change. Tho Tiger never inquired for the boy, he may possibly have known—the means of knowingsuch things at the command of.,this..ji-f>althy Spaniard were far greater than that possess^ .by. the city aecreteenncM »ecrets»i|icfe5 and;it and'it i^aa': ipisMBi£«jii»edlnglT —' *• • curidng'factMis etatod bjr th& fiiili ot police —that Spanoro had gone on to the Chamber of Commerce once, as a total stranger, and made a small fortune. He sold "futons" in consols. Three days after, a sailing packet came with the news that/consols had dropped to such an extent that Spanoro reaped a great harvest It was secretiy understood that In some way Spanoro was interested in certain foreign governmental affairs, but not the slightest clue could be obtained as to the nature ©£ this interest. These weeks were not without events. Tho man who kept the restaurant from whence the Tiger's meals were brought, had a little private office In the rear corner. This small room was noticeable on account of its bareness, the furniture consisting of two fragmontaiy chairs. And that was all. The walls were not plastered, but ceiled. It had but one window, and that was unusually high and small. If there were any place to store things in this little den It must have been in the wall by secret panel, for not. even a box rested upon the floor. There was a door loading into the restaurant, and another opening to the alley at the rear. These doors are trimmed with spring locks, both opening from within. Tho restaurant was peculiar in that it did not seem to have, nor seek, a regular custom. Very few who dropped In accidentally repeated the accident. There was a waiter and he was deaf. The cook room was a rear ryoin in the next building, connected by e swing door. This side of the square extended into the disreputable district, a sort of thieves 1 quarters. Every city has such sections, and usually inclose proximity to the respectable city. In this building a part of the history we are narrating transpires. At 1 o'clock in the morning, two of the most interesting characters it. will ever be our misfortune to meet occupy the grimy and insecure chain mentioned'as the furniture .of the private room. 'One of these was the proprietor ot the restaurant, Hie round, lumpy head and high bare forehead were surmounted with a closely cropped covering of hair—a style notat all in vogue at that time. This man was probably forty-five years of age. The face was broad and brown, leathery, and lines rather than wrinkles crossed it, outlines of passion and sensuality. But his mouth was not thick and animal, on the contrary it was thin, somewhat broad, and intensely determined. If the reader has in mind a picture of Spanero, let this individual be the contrary in feature. He was under hight, but stoutly built. His clothing was'of dark gray stuff, old and greasy, and his hands clumsy and repulsive. He was a. powerful man and a character. A candle was flaring in the room on a ehimnjy cornice, and cast an unhealthy and unfavorable light upon this person and his companion. The latter was gaunt, tall and angular. Chest sunken, bald head, always covered by a consumptive-looking old wreck of a cap; he was of ashen-gray countenance, large, red-streaked eyes. When he moved, his limbs moved only. His nose was slightly. Romanized, and bis teeth were waiting for the dentist of the future He was a •pare, repulsive-looking creature, whom you would rather not meet in the night without your club and a reliable dog. And yet, when bespoke, you listened to a soft, kindly voice—a voice which you would •ay you had heard before; and you . would ranfack memory' to find the owner of the original—among all the gentlemen you had met in the past. On bis feet were sheep- skin shoes, with wool left on the bottoms. The gaunt, thin-facea man had a bad, graveyard cough. "I donna seo, Stub, what ye do wl' that )bugh whin ye're oot, mon I" said the short inso, whose name, so far as Boston culture could inform us, was "Speters." ' "What would I be doing with anything that I didn't want?" " Whut wild uny mon be doon wi' It—wha, man, yud shut it up;" "Yes, I do shut it up—and with this!" said Stub, his lank face and large eyes aglow as be brought forth a small vial tilled with pellets. " Un whut mut it be thut!" asked Bpeters. "That is the God that I worship. I am safe when that is with me, and in danger when it is not" "Un it doon't luk like opum." "But it comes from opium," replied Stub,. "so they tell me, and it works mighty quick, too, for in'ten minutes I feel it tingle, and in twenty it puts iron in my blood." "But, mon, it will kill thoo." "Can't, do, it too soon, Speters, I would qot mind that, but the ghosts while I live!" "You're cracken in yor ooper story—un you belter h<ve it aloon.'" "1 believe you, Speters. I met a pair ot .lovers the other iiigbt, and in my mind.was • _ a dream of what took ay chili) from .me: years ago—and I looked up, and sure enough there was my child what was drowned—as big as life, juet hsldreamed." ' "Thut shoos thut ye wont last much longer." • ; , ..••.. ; "Your right again, for, upon my soul. I saw before me my own picture, as "'I was a \- squid hanging to mymother'B aproh strings in old Cambridge." - --»< >rs i. .«• • • ; "Yudid! Aid whut did ya say to yerselfli' nsked Spatera, with a grin whioh^call. ed uptjie idea of a gravejard., , . ( . "•"I didn't say a'word to myself. I looked' ''tt myself and myself looked nt mel'and upon ; my soul if myself didn't faint away I 1 ! ,, we doou't blame myself for thaV'sugr ,..geitedSpeters.„„ .... . y, 'B9BOOLSTO.DWO-'." J If H .was a'ladj Why.ihouli lie tumble overf- •' "Sure W -wouldn't'!rer dooty Wii a taan at » ddfce'quiHefsl"m-r! ; 6tub opened bli thln jawi and too* a-jiiu - ,(ntohisinouthi and pnackei ,hls Jip»..- /'It was a gtiost, Speters—I know them, the^e was no one there." ) "An' yur not afraid uv urnf "Afraid, man! Why man, what carei a man who hu nothing to Uv* fori Live tor JfM 1 g«tt Wo. getlKb Wi jtaw Ifc M fear to a man who dont caJ-o when he tumbles off tho wharf.'' : "Why don't you tumble yourself oftf" said Speters. • "Because I haven't killed aBpaniard yet!" reDliedStub.: r 'Hey a care,- Stub," said tho other,- with a 'heavy frown. , "Hev a care about the Spunyard. Our mob be a Spunydrd." "And I knew that, too—or I wouldn't have been here." . And so the interesting twain sat and talked for a quarter of an bour longer. It is not hard to see that Stub has been a man of parte. Hit language has but a slight mixture of dialect, and even at this time accent and pronunciation pointed to no inconsiderable culture. The thieves vocabulary had not yet been invented. But the language of Speters was still mora of a puzide—simply _ because bis dialact was strained, and evi- ' dently a poor attempt to reach the North England type. With all the depravity evident in the make up of Stub, there was no question but that Speters was the most desperate villain of tho two. A peculiar knock was heard on the outer door, a key was thrust into the lock, and the Tiger entered. He glanced at Stub a momont, and turn* ing to Speters, said: "Is this the man!" "The man" had bis cold, steel-gray eyes on the Tiger. It was Dot the glance that he had before cast upon a supposed ghost. It had something of strength in it. He took another pill. "This is the mun," replied Speters, "And has he done his work to-night!" "Befoor we ahnswor thut, cap," said the short, stout villain, bringing his small, serpent eyes upon the Tiger, "we will talk uv soointblng ulse." "Well, talk of what you want to, but get o{T from that brogue and do your practicing on the devil." "That is all right* sir; but that is not what I have to t&y;," returned the villain, changing his method of speech. "If you have anything you wish to cay before thiB man; go ahead." "It is before this very man," said Spetars, sullenly. Spanero walked across the floor, a heavy frown resting upon bis face. "Drive on," he mutterod. "All I have to say is a devil of a little. It is that we want to know the bilk in the glitter for us." "Have you not been well paid for your services!" "Noo, we ha' nook" "Don't you get this d—d creak's nest for nothing!" said Spanero. "Whuto' that! Hev ye not crooked the bilk o' thousands here theesel'l" "Do I not pay you well for running this cookshopt" "Anhevyenotyeroonspunfnthe dish?" "Well, out with it, man," sputtered Spanero, still walking back and forth. "If you have anything to say, let it out." "And I hev this to say, captain: 'If that ere coop is busted next week, he will hev bis thoord, and me will hev my thoord, and ye will hev yoor thoord—and that is all thore be to it.'" "And if you don't get a fl' put note!" "Then pard an' me won't divide it up wi' ye." Spanero took this all very coolly. He waited a moment and thou drew a silvermounted pistol from bis side coat pocketone of the long-barreled, fiiut- lock weapons —took his handkerchief and polished the barrel as he said: "Speters, we will have no words about this job. You will do as I. direct, and no gl-umhling, either. If you make me trouble I will pi^b a bullet iuto your head, uud if you spout I will hnve you hung to the bridge within an hour by a mob—do you understand!" "No, I don't," returned the other. "Do you want mo to explain ?" asked Spanero, bringing the pistol to bear upon Speters' face. During this somewhat interesting proceed- ing Stub, who apparently was not acquainted with Spanero, mt with his chin on his breast and his eyes closed. He did not raise his lids even under the Inspiration of a possible row or even murder—such is a mannerism of the criminal class. Nor did Speters blink. In a cold, icy tone he replied: " Spanero, if you play me foul, as you have another, you will be shaken out in an hour and your rookeries burned to the ground. Put up that nonsense—I am not a'raid of ye." " This weayon, Speters, is quicker than a knife, and I propose V) stop this grumbling at once and for all." "You do!" said Bpeters, sharply. "Else there will be war between us." . "Then it will be war,V replied the thickset man carelessly, throwing one leg over the other. > "Speters Is a beautiful name, Isn't itl How, you have not told this man here your other name. He looks like a gentleman b*> side you, and I don't think you are a fit man for him to associate with. Shall I Introduce you to him!" "Look out,. Spaniard," said the villain arousing hirpself. "You kill me, Speters, at your leisure; and when I die'a letter will be opened at -polios headquarters of this city which will set •very one of these cursed new-fangled'telegraphs in motion. Doyou' know what" they will sayf asked the Tiger,-fastening bli gray •yes on the leathery face before him. "No. What's it allaboot, anyhow?" "Well, It's about summoning every spy, detective and officer in this couniry to instant duty." "It would!" ..-••-!•• "And then a United States clipper crulvr. would go to France to warn the continent and England.": . "And what for!" ; : "To'h'ang you," said Spanero. '. Tth villain raised his •yeito -tbe Spaniard's face,; and they looked at each.other steadily for,a moment. . Then Bpeters let fly a' single word: " '-'"Helll" : ' - ' : "Yes, they wantto flnd&n; assassin—one 1 who-kills princes andbreaks upcrown Jew-. •Is—seof -. . Like a make uncoiling after a fright, the tenee muscles ot Spotore looson and bis knit browrelaxes. Then be says moodily: ' • > "What will they do with the principal Is that Uttle affair!". "Ho will be dead. You wiU have killed him." "Spaniard, put-up that pistol. Have your, •ownway.'!.; -. : : - -Spanero put it out of sight and moved to. the door. > .. - . -Speters. Pinnie is still at the Iftyryer i bouie.. I want tifhet- you or this man to cook him." • ' Spanero withdrew and closed the door: but Immediately opened it .again.. thrust in . his head and said: - . "The notice has gonfe to heUd quarters that II Hr.'Vorthtlirinigs iunas' with him from Plnjaaejphta he had JbetUr taHe lt to his house, and keep the business office under pWlgWd.",: ••.,. s . • , - He then withdrew.' Speters looked up and said: "Stub, what makes your eyes so bright!" Tho fact was that Stub ws* sitting up as ftroight af a militia colons!, his •yea bril liont and bis cheeks aflame. "It's the.cough medicine 1" . "Was there something about Spanero that brought out the pi Us!" "Yes," replied Stub, "But I don't know what it was." "Then yon don't know this hell brat!" ".No." "It la well; but did you get into the house!" "Yes. I entered two of the rooms.". . "You're a cat." , "I inspected all.the lighted rooms from th* outside and from the projecting windows. Two of the dark rooms I entered by a large chimney, in which there had been no fires . for d long time." "Wonderful I Dtd you locate the muniment room!" "Yes, and can get into it without breaking a wall or a lock." "Give it to us easy, Stub." : "I'faith I speak the truth. I saw the keys taken from a panel when I was in the room." .. "He devil I" "Yes," said Stub, "I stood in the fireplace. And, curoe my miserable soul, if I didn't have to hustle to get there, when a fino old lady entered with a candle—and all that crowd in the other rooms, too." "Scraps!" ejaculated the other man. "Yes, Speters, and, by the ragged St. Francis, the old lady looked right at me, squarely—and she didn't know it—I didn't have my party clothes on, you seo." "She would have sworn she looked at the devil |" "She unlocked a little panel in the oldfashioned walnscotted wall, audtook outthe keys. The jim end ot my knife will forceit, and there are but two doors to tho vault. It is off from an old dining-room—used in the old Dutch days. But the most singular thing was what I saw in the crowd, through the windows—tho young woman who was with my spook—the one that fainted away." "Spook!" asked Speter. "Yes. The sllmins with the big eyes. The other one of myself. "Wonder if that spook isn't Pinnie!" "The chap what the boss wanted us to put under cover!" "That's the chick, Stub." "Well this fellow will not go under sod again—not until I gol" "Well, let us go hence," said Speters, suddenly changing the subject. Without a word the two men passed out into the restaurant room. They silently wended their way behind a liquor counter, lifted a trap door, and, in the darkness, silently dropped to the cellar below. Without stumbling over any of the numerous kegs and casks, the villainous twair made their way to the corner of the cellar, directly under the private room they had recently left. Speters scratched one of the then recently invented lucifer matches, and lighted two bull's-eye oil lanterns, . In another moment the two men were digging in a pareageway, the direction of which was toward the foundations of the "school building." The corner of the brick work of that inte rlor building was, perhaps, 150 feet away from the rear of the restaurant, and in that interior structure, on the first floor, was the vault or the treasure room of Spunero. Upon the outside was but a blauk wall up to the fourth floor, and then a single window marked the place where the Spanish artist's private room was, adjoining his office. Apd here wo leave the precious twain to their dark work- in which the Tiger was probably not a partner. CHAPTER XUL HorE LIGHTLY, AND HAT GOD STAT ET YOtr. One day Conrad Norlh stepped quietly into his mother's "work-room," at an unusual hour for oue so fiill of business. "Who gave you permission to come in herq, sirrah!" said the parent. "I come, demanding a surrender of this castlo." "To whpm?" "To the invader." "Do you come peaceably!" she asked, pointing a cambric needle at the intruder. "Well, mother," he replied in a low tone, "send your garrison away. I wish to talk to you alone." Bo "Milly," the maid, capitulated and withdrew, and then the young man began his conversation by kicking over the work-basket full of buttons and things. "I have been .thinking a great deal about Miss Liunont," he said. "I suppose I think too much about her. Have you any remedy for such a complaint!" "I kuow.of none, except to get better acquainted with her and find out that she is mortal, like the rest of us, my son." "But how can I properly pursue an object with which I never came in contact! Can we bring her within our circle?" "Our circle, my son, would not receive her, not at present—though she is doubtless •very way worthy of admission." . "No," said Conrad, reflectively, "the RU ders, the Plumbs, the Snapdragons, the Artemisia Ambrosiafolias etc., etc., would take pains to snub her." "Conrad," said his mother slowly, "why do you wish to become further acquainted with hsr.". "Welt, mother, I may as woll make a clean breast of it I am not satisfied but that I lore the girl. I want to be sensible about it, but I never can conquer this looking for her, longing for her, until I meet her, and find that my measures of her virtues and genius are a myth of the brain." "Or heart," suggested Mrs. North. "Or heart." "Weill, Conrad!" .. "Why, then I love her, and I may as well surrender. Is it not so!" "But, my son, if she is worthy of you, being apparently a poor, but beautiful waif, struggling for better tilings, perhaps a higher life, she wilfnotpermit you to win her; at. least not under present circumstances. And if she' have not that better sense—of justice to you, then she is not worthy." I '^ISOY-HE* TAOINRIRR *BE TWO MEN < WERE v ! niodltro IN .A rASSXOEWATr THE OIMO- ,: ! TJON OFUVpiCpWABTOWABD THEFODND- 