A STUDY «*' UIjACK AKD WSSiTU. By John Sandus. What? Pitch you a yarn of the years gone by, rvlian tha down scarco covered my ohin, And the wrinkles pencilled witli care each night were gone era tha dawn came When my heart was as light as my bramble's heels, when wo reachod for the border-lino, And the dingo’s eyes as ho roamed the plains were not more bright than At night when tha Southern Cross shone down through the blue gum’s silver Wo’d hobble our horses side by sido and sleep ’noath the winking stars ; As, riding by chart and compass on a track that was nono too sure, Jim Blount and I and the fiddle want on a grand provincial tour. Ah 1 that was the timo whan the shearers’ boards wera full and the fat-pots On our simple stage. ’Twas littlo for props, wo wandering buskers cared— A bit of cork and a candle-end, aininstrol whoezo or two, A collar-flap dance and a local gag would always sea us through. With a cast of two it was hard to call the company over-manned ; But ’twas harder still for the ghost to walk in the Never Never Land. And when Jim tackled the Queensland rum it sent him to earth like a stone, So they lambed him down at the shanty bar, and they fired mo out alone. What does the stony busker do’ when he hasn’t a bean in his kick ? Why, mug himself up as gay as he can, and change the background quick. When the mnlga scrub is a bit too tough, and the bush don’t seem to gee, Let up on the lot, 'tis your only clianco, and turn his head to the sea. I struck it at last on the Sydnoy Wharf, and luck came in with the tide, For who should I see on the gang-plank over the Tarawcra's side, But Jenny de Vere, as sweet as ever she was in the olden time, When she was a fairy queen and I was a rat in tha pantomime. “ Bill," she said in the same old way, for she always vailed mo Bill, ’Cause my name was starred in tha largest typo as Eustace D’Estnville, “I'll speak to the bo33 and you’ll come with us," so she nobbled old Yan dcrkloop, And I sailed next day as tha baritone of the Boyal Opera troupe. We drew fair houses in Maorilarul, and at last a long way hack In a chessboard sort of a place wo played to an audience white and black. Where was the spot ? Well, look at the map. 'Twas anywhere — that’s Between the Bnngitoto peaks and the crown of the wind-swept Bluff. Beyond the township rosa tha long stockade of the Maori pah Where the old chief ruled in his dusky realm with his daughter, Hind Rn— The Girl of Sunlight, straight as the piua and sweet as the streams that run Through her native woods, with eyes that shamed the very light of the sun. The old chief hated tha palceha face, and doubled the pakcha pledge—■ The keepsake cut in his chock was left by a British sabre’s edge— But she bought off all objections with a quaint caro3s for a bribe, And she came to the hall whenever she could, with half of her father's tribe. Wo thrilled them with “ Maritana," wo tickled them with “ Favart," They drank in “Rip,” and “ Clochos,” and “ Faust ” from the first to the closing bar ; V>'o knocked them fair with “ Falka," though the music's a trifle thin, And they cheered like mad for the “ Ro many Lass ’’ each night when I rang But old Yanderkloop, at the back of the hall, between his frequent nips, Would watch his audienco carefully as they listenod with parted lips To the passionato strains, and the tales of lovo that stirred tho wild dark As plain to 3oe as the evening breeze that ruffles a lone tarn’s flood. “ Dose Maori girls,” ho muttered one day, “ are made out of fire, my friendt, You may vake up Tongariro mit a kiss or a gompliment. Hein 1 Next wo will stago 1 La Peri cliole,’ und listen, I gifs you leaf To May Mexican Panatollus, made up like a Maori choif.” ’Twasn't a had idea at all for the queer old schnapps-swilling knave, And the local hit of a Maori chief instead of an Indian bravo Gave ns a bumper house each night. I tell yon I'd all the fat With my raddled mug, and my chocolate tights and a regular Maori mat. Well, surely enough on tho opening night to tho stalls Miss Hind Ra comes And she planks herself down in a three bob seat at the back of tho kettle drums. For a live long week I could soe her thero with a Gordon tartan tied Round her shapely shoulders as I enme into my cub on the o.p. sido. 'Tw.as all tho fault of the Maori dress that she took to me so, I'll swear, And tho bit of Maori I learnt to sing that seemed to fetch her fair. Bnt Jenny began to toss her head and to ask with n scornful laugh Whother the black girl out of the pah hadn’t sent mo her photograph. Tha old chiefs daughter would moot mo out on tho summer afternoons, And at last—to cut tho story short—it came to regular spoons. I know I’ve a fine low-comedy mug— well, what's that ? Lovo is blind. She forced tho pace, and I couldn’t stop, for I hadn't tho strength of mind. I never meant any harm old pal, bnt at last as matters stood, I was thundering glad when tho day came round for us all to clear out for And yet when I kissed her, and said “ Good-bye ! ’’ and pressod the small brown hand, I faltered otico for she smiled in my face, and she couldn’t understand. I was always fond of Jenny, with her pouting lips, and her eyes Beep as the Sydney harbor is, and bluo ns the Sydney skies. We were boy and girl togothor on the rocks of Coogee bay, Whero wo roamed, and paddled, and laughed, and quarrelled, and loved— in the children’s way. And when we had travelled some fifty miles from (lie old stockaded pah, With a river and range of mountains lying between us and Hind Ra, I burnt my Maori togs, and I washed out the last of my walnut stain. And Jenny said she'd forgive mo all, so we made it up again. I was doing a hit of study ono night, for they’d just brought in tho lights And Jenny was down on a stool at my feet mending an old pair of tights, "When I heard the click of the outside gate, and a footstep over the grass, And I caught ono glimpso of a nut-brown face as it peered through the window In tho early morn, when tho splitters came to a patch that had just hoen cleared In tho heart of tho hush, whero the Riinn trees stood round liko watch-men Where tho rangiora was green beneath, and tho rata glowed o’erhoad, They found a few poison-berries—and tho Girl of Sunlight dead. What about Jenny ? Sho had no heart. Her sunny smile was a lie. Sho married old Yanderkloop one day*, and sho sailed without saying good I heard°"of her last at Tort Natal—she had cleared from her doting spouse. So ’long 1 Won't you come to the show to-night ? I’m playing in “ Broken Whatever things be sweet and fair, love makes them so. Messrs Mate and Co., of Albury, are building new premises in Dean street-. 