THE haunted MOUNTAINS* OR, COLO XE i. CODY'S SEARCH. A EOMAXCE OF THE WEST. CH M'TEK xxxviii.—a KNIFE. tell-tale BI roi.-ixril, PRENTISS INGRAM, iiiibor of tlie "Mysterious Man in Blue." &c.; Eiln-1 Wiliis, the"colonels niece, was aware thai her uncle had been disturbed in tlio nijrl'.t. but as he said nothing- to her at breakfast about it, after his morning duties were over slie sauntered snto his quarters, and said : "Is anything- going wronę, uncle, for you were called up last night?" ••No, I had not retired, my dear; and nothing is wrong; only- tliis storni keeps up, and the rattle must suffer if it does not £ion end. for we have not proven- ,jt.r sufficient to last hall through the winter at this rate." -Sucti stonns are an exception, the old scouts tell me; for they say the win tei-E h re are generally open, -with littl. snOW." "Yes. so I have been told, Ethel; and settlers, miners, and Indians must suffer greatly, for I know that we are hayins- our shire of misery." ;- "furle. where did you get this odd penknife'."' suddenly asked Ethel, taking from her uncle's table a knife with what appeared to be a solid silver, handle. ; "All. that knife! I do not recognise ft. * One some officer has left here this rooming. 1 fancy." - "Ix is evidently lxome-made. . the silver taken from the mines, and Hie blades made from another knife. Oil. there is a name upon it." And ium1r.fi: it over Ethel read : "\Chy. it Is the name of the young rjnobero who is missing: — Burt Braxton." Tiie colonel quickly rose, and fairingtie knife. looked at it searchingly. Then be said : "Yes, I know now where it came from. I put it there last night, and had forgotten it." "Bo you see the name upon it, uncle?" 'Tes, and it is that of the handsome young: ranchero who so mysteriously disappeared with one of his cowboys some months ago." "How did you set it, uncle?" "Ethel, can you keep a secret?" "Just try me, uncle." "I have often tried you and found that you are a contradiction to the assertion that one of your sex cannot keep a secret, for I remember important secrets that you have well kept." " And <\",n again," said Ethel, with smile. "Then I will tell you one, and which cr,lj- one person in the fort yet knows beside^ myself." The Snlotfel then told of the weird midnight visitor, and unlocking his desk, read the mysterious letter. Ethel listened patiently, and then asked: . "And this letter was pinned upon the cutside of the gate?" 'Tes, for the man risked his life at the hands oi the sentry to ride up and place it there." "With this knife?" 'Tes. Lennox brought it to me and told ne that the knife was driven through the envelope into the wood." "That would indicate that the rancher is the Ghost of the Mountains, sir." "It would seem so. But why he is masquerading as such I cannot understand." "His reasons are good ones, doubtless "Why so, Ethel?" "Well, the ghost rescued Cody from the outlaws; he guided the command when astray in the storm to the Sridnigteers' retreat, where they found shelter, if not the lawless band; ' he gave warning of the attack of the Indians, and now informs you of the capture of the seeut and those with him, and that there is a mysterious person that saves them. He surely has done good service, uncle." "He has, indeed, Ethel; only I cannot understand why this man Braxton, if he it is,-should go about it in this weird way of playing ghost." "Perhaps he can be far more useful as a pretended spirit than as himself; for men are very superstitious, uncle, especially lawless men." "Very true, Ethel. Tou argue well" " But, uncle, where the knife would indicate tliat it was Mr Braxton who Plays ghost and left this letter, the writing is that of a woman." The colonel seized the letter, and plane at it, said: "Tou are right, Ethel, and are a close observer; for I had not noticed that. • 11 ls a woman's writing, or the man writes most effeminately." '•Air Braston, when last here, gave «e post trader an order for a large 1>ill Of supplies. I heard you say, sir; so the writing or.his can be compared with The colonel wrote a note to the trader, if 1 , th « orderly, and in a short While he returned, bearing a slip or paper, upon which was written In a bold, legible hand a ilst of articles which -the trader had supplied the young rancher ''Ho says, sir, that the young gentleman wrou- the list himself at his desk. «r said the orderly, as he saluted and •el., the room. lr,' h? C !"'J ll6se two are Wholly different Jo handwriting, and one is written by a ™man, while the penknife wouhf tadi* that u is Mr Braxton who is mas- JtJeradms as the Ghost of the Aloun ^ Etbel WiUis - impressively, r-i , n mystery only dee«»"«' Lionel Ferris responded. CHAPTER XXXIX^—THE ŁIEUTE- ANT'S MISSION. Cornel Ferris felt better after having Port Z Z Ghost of the Haunted "'.ta™ to make you a mem- Ą ^ 0 1 1 6 1 said ' * * tone -of uncIe- A woman's heaiis ? n a council even o'f sol- <eet)K-if o , i 1 confess! am most hefnc tn™- Jn ""s mysterious the Gh0st of «th; wetd ,Zt?™ US t0 ** tte end "wXSTthat w s,iaU do £0 lh4ów, o f l I c e r s In to see , " ' Eu ! fcl took her departure. - tokee framiif^ P the letter » midnisht ^sitor a secret, from general know, Ss oflir.l i i / for ^ ^ some of -^rtiZl, ^ Xrbom Cornel .Ferris, ^ f lQ plact matter, and get their tata t lW Ut 2nt 0f the with Cap-: Powell. and hSf discussed the. BfaUge xn^V*" 1 ' 1^ Braxton's hTS^" 3 ll >at the letter was i T f ^ ^ E . hut a woman's J,"; 5 ® of conference ważłh»] make the rounds or set" eraents ^ stage 311 t0 be wnstanajr • another attack of the Indians, 411 in spite of ..the weather, arid to'scaoetti that they keep^scouts out to act ih Sn- Junetion with those from the fort. • The officer, who was Lieutenant Emory had orders to also visit the ranch of Burt Braxton, and learn all about the movements of the young settler prior to his. disappearance and why he had left his home; also to discover somethinabout the man who accompanied him : ° Armed with these instructions. Lieutenant Emory, with an escort of a dozen of his men, went off on his rounds. It was .on the afternoon of the fourth day of his absence that he returned ana went at once to his colonel's quarters "Well, Emory, what nenvs.have von'" the colonel asked, after greeting" him Pleasantly, and added ; "Speak out for Miss Willis knows what your mission was." The young officer was very fond of Ethel and was only too glad to make his report before her, that she might see how well he had done his duty. So he told how he had visited the various stage stations, settlements and mining camps, and having had a lesson from their former experience, they were very willing to follow all instructions coming from the fort, and would be on the •watch and keep scouts out. and he added : "They are all most willing to confess, colonel, that but for the warning given them before, and which many regarded as a false alarm, they would ftave been caught in a perfect surprise, aria have suffered greatly. Rut now as to the ranchero, sir." • "Yes." "I have found five men on the ranch, taking good card of his cattle andhorses, •of whJcfi he has a considerable number. His cabin home is most comfortably i fitted up ,ahd all about it reveals the gentleman and man of refinement In spite of this rough frontier. His men are devoted to him, and have an abiding faith that he will return, though they cannot account for his mysterious disappearance. The man, Birney. who actalk, the black sheep of the flock; bnt he seemed to have a pull with the ranchero for some reason. Mr Braxton, they told mą left with Birney for a hunt tn thejmountains, to be gone only a rew days, and'the men say they think: he has been snowed in; or, if anything bas gone wrong with him, Birney is at the bottom of It, for one of the men positively assert Hiat Buck Birney has been a road agent,- he is not -one of the Midnigliters' band ! now, for he was freqeuenUy known .to -make lens expeditions alone, and' never account for them. That, sir, ends the report of my mission.'^ ' ^ And the lieutenant seemed much pleased at the hearty approval the solone! gave him for what he had done. CHAPTER XL!—ANOTHER WEIRD MESSAGE. The colonel and Ethel both asked Lieutenant Emory numerous questions about his mission, hoping to draw out something that he had overlooked or forgotten to telL He told them, in answering these questions, that the men knew nothing whatever about Braxton or his past One of the men was a Frenchman, and the young man liad freqeuently talked with his master in that language, while upon one occasion he had talked Spanish fluently with a man who stopped a day or two at the ranch. He sung well and played the guitar, the men said, while often to amuse them he performed the most astonishing feats of slight-of-hand, and possessed powers of hypnotism as well; he was also a superior ventriloquist. "1 think the man has been an actor and a juggler, sir, from all accounts, though he is certainly very accomplished,for the men showed me some charcoal sketches he had made of them, and they were perfect. The more I heard of him the more of a mystery-I considered Jilm; for I saw odds and ends picked' up in foreign lands, photographs he had taken himself, and pencil "sketches of. scenes abroad and in Mexico. Why such a man was willing- to bury himself in a frontier home I could not understand He was a dead shot, the men said, -with rifle and revolver, had a pair of foils in his cabin, and handled them superbly, appeared to have money, and could ride a horse and throw a lasso better than any man they had ever seen. He had been .known to risk his life to save an outlaw from a mob, the crowd not being sure they had the right man. "He has but one life, and if you take it you cannot return it; so he shall have the benefit of .the doubt,' he had boldly said to the mob, and told the man to mount his horse and ride away while he held back the crowd. "It was found out afterwards the man was Captain lawless, the outlaw chief; and not listening to reason, some of the men proposed to hang Braxton as - the partner of the road-agent But he warned them off, and when they would not heed Mm. he killed three of the gang, the others taking to their heels. Upon one occasion, his cowboys told me, he Ład found a.wounded.Indlaii ichief on the trail. He had put him on his horse and brought him to his ranch and tenderly cared for him. Stupe of-the miners heard the chief was there, and came to take him out and hang him, but Beau Braxton, as they call him, faced the crowd,- and told them that they must first kill him before they did his-Indian guest. One of the men—a. noted despe- rado—offered to fight a dud for the Indian, and this 4ras forced upon Braxton, and he Mlled the fellow before the other could draw his weapon, so rapid are his movements. Why, eolond, the mat talked to me until long after midnight about the young ranch-owner, and in .their eyes he iB certainly a hero, while the settlers all have a good word for him, as he Is ever generous, to thost; in need. ' Both the colonel and Ethel were much interestedinali tiiey heard of the strange young ranchman, and when the lieutenant left they, talked over what kad been told, them, theTolonel Baying at last: ." Now, Ethel, what do you ^think—is Beau Bcaxton the^hbst, or not?" "I confers Z do:not know, ancle. Perhaps If he again-ttuns up we will be able to discover. - Bat can nothing be done for Lieutenant Seaford and Scoiit Cody. drr " can we do? * We WeioIndiaii I n m -as prisoners wbóm -We . »m::. eicltfliige freedom; for .the ^-sli^.'would tatiier ha.ve Cody's sealp than the :scajps *>f regiment of -soldiera. ; I fed that my ids are tied- . We can only wait, to what will pe done by "the Indians with their unfortunate prisoners... Sot, see, we are going to have another enow- And< the-colonćł was (ięlg, .for as night came on,the snow ibEgan to tall, and when the morning dawned it lay a toot deepupon the ground. % • ' But there was a eurprise for the aen- Hnel. again .-at the. main gate as 4here! ijcas a trail to and from |t in the. snow. 7 mpon the cate was an ^vS^ie. &s-; to -Co)onel Feirią. CHAPTER XLL—HEMMED IN. "When Colonel Cody rode away from his band of men, accompanied by Lieutenant Seaford and half a dozen scouts, his motive was an excellent one. The Indians had divided their forces •there, taking two different trails to the mountains, through canyons and "valleys that would bring them together' again some twenty miles.further on. The chief of scouts thought that he saw a trap in this, and he was light. He concluded that the main forces which he had told Nick Norcross to fo!* low with the band of scouts, had taken with them the dead ana wounSed braves, while picked warriors, several hundred in number, had gone by the canyon he intended to follow on through. There could be but one motive in doing this in Cody's mind, and that was their having decided to make a feint of going that way, and.'wnen tne pursuing party ' had proceeded on aftWthe main force to return, fall in behind them, in turn be* come pursuers, and catch the scouts— who they had doubtless discovered were not In large force—between two fires. It was a clever plan to strike a blow of revenge while retreating, ana It was Just what the cunning chief. Red Lightening, had.done. So Cody, the lieutenant, and the halfdozen scouts pressed on after the smaller force of red-skins. Cody himself took the lead, and his searching eyes took in any signs they came upon. The canyons, through which the wind had swept in hurricanes, were devoid of snow, it having been blown through it, and the soil was so rocky just at such places that even the large number of Indian ponies passing along had left no trail. - It was just this circumstance" which led to disaster, for. coming to where the trail "was plainly marked again. Cody had continued on more rapidly, but with caution. Even he could not. suspect that a hundred braves had dismounted from their ponies in the canyon, where no trail was left, and hidden among the rocks. Their ponies had been led oil by their comrades. The ambushed braves—cold, hungry, and desperate—saw their email band of pursuers pass on. They could hardly believe their own eyes. Could it be possible that so few men were on their track.'. How large,, then, was the number which had surely gone on after the main Iprce? They had expected that a Jiandred soldiers at least were In their rear. So the band of a hundred braves lay low, waiting to sec if others did not follow. But no oihers came, and then a tall -hief sprang up from the rocks and •called to his braves to follow him. He was in full war-paint and feathers, and yet a closer. look revealed that a white face was concealed beneath the guise of an Indian chief. He told his braves in their own tongue to seek places of shelter—that just there was where they, must head off their pursuers. And he gave orders that they should kill the horses of their foes, but not the riders. "Pa-e-has-ka, the great long-haired foe of the Indians, Is there, and must be taken alive, he and those with him," he said, calling Cody by the name by which he was known to the Indians. The canyon there was -not a hundred yards in width, and the sides were rugged, -witk=1a.rge rocks that had broken off from the cliffs lying upon either side. Some of these boulders had rolled halfway across jthe .canyon, and from there the braves stretched-thelr lariats, forming a rope fence across the way. Then they crouched In groups of five and ten behind the rocks, and thus formed a barrier which a troop of cavalry In. a charge could not have broken through. It' was the cunning plot of the renegade white chief to at least bring honor to himself in that day of "Viire defeat to the Indians. His evil brain had conceived it, and cleverly he had carried it out Now he had only to wait, for he had planned with his braves ahead—for he commanded that corps of red-skins— that after going a given distance they should halt and ambush their pursuers. If they proved to be a small force, then they should spring upon them and drive them rapidly back into his trap. If they were a large force, then they must fight them back slowly to the ropebarrier and the waiting braves. Thus it was that Cody and those with him came to a point where they felt sure there was an ambush. A few shots sent Into thfe timber proved that the chief of scouts was right, for the Indians revealed themselves, advanced, and the pursuers became in turn pursued, little dreaming that-they had been hemmed in. CńaWEE XLH.—AGAINST TEKf- RIBLE ODDS. "They are ambushed In that timber, or at'least a number of them on foot." said Cody, as he came in sight of the place where the Indians had gone into ambush. " "Tou are right, Cody, and we are too small 'a force to drive unless wo can make them believe we have a large number- following is." Lieutenant , Seaford replied. ' . ;"Well, ne'll sal® them show tkelr hand. Boys, fire into the timber and flush,those red-sldns." . The order .was obeyed, and the result was that more red-skins, were flushed than the Ultle party cared to see. . They at once .came towards the chief of scouts' band, and there was nothing to do but retreat "Well, ye must.fall back; but I only wish I had my troop here," said Lieutenant Seaford. . "Or I the reel of my band of scouts. As it is. we can only fallback, reminding those fellows that we do not wish to be pressed 'too - hard;" and the- scout emptied bis, repeating rifle Into tiie midst of the red-skin band,' and with a result that was fatal to One or more of them, ^ lieutenant; the-whole Torce they tatend to'retiini' -and i o n i s e ^ " "^^"d"Cody pointed had taken' that 'canyon wierć 'returning from.beyond m i'e scene of ambuśh where th^hadTldden. ley hadrtddeii . \ "ttmustmean ' S t inforcefl lforcefl from thelr village, Cody, and| hope to makera successful .flght against their pursuers; of course; belleving a large number -of troopers were pursuing^' l;'' r ." ; ' 'V' "I orily wish there were, sir. But that move means some devilry, I am cure. Do ypnaiotice that they do not fire upon T should SuSge fi«m that that they have some plan .to talc£..iiis .allvi "W3iat-can.lt' -. Cody?" '•P^ai^ey- toowW^noaierband raining on Jn iur: rear, , and hope to a,-'. and.he -called but to his scouts who were following: "What fio you make of that red-skin move, boys," "They don't Are upon us, sir, I notice," said one. "That means they feel sure they've got us," another, remarked. "They are plotting mischief, chief," said a third: and each man expressed -himself as pretty sure that the Indians were playing/some bold game. "'I hope it:is a game of bluster," said Cody, keeping a good look-out ahead. Having eyed the trail well as he went along, he continued: "I did not see where any of them turned off from -the trail, and you notice that the pony -tracks seem just as numerous here as where we began to follow them. Had any of them ridden off we would surely have seen their trail,for I was looking for a trap of that kind." "Then "they did not leave the force, any of them?" "Not on their ponies, lieutenant." "Ali! They might have done so tlieu on foot?" "Tes, sir: in the places where the canyon was bare and the snow had drifted away, braves on foot might have hidden by the way." "That means they ave in ambush going back?" ' "Tes, sir." ' "If that is the case, we are In for it, Cody." ~ "łt looks so, lieutenant." "We must break through tliem, then." them, then.". "It is our only chance," was Cody's quleft response; and turning to his men lie .explained just what the Indians might do to entrap them, adding: "The moment we find that snch'is the case ride up in line, and well open fire with our rifles. Then drop your reins upon your saddle-horses, and with a revolver In each hand we'll charge upon them all abreast. If "any man-falls it is a fete he must expect. If he is wounded, those of us who can will try and save him. Do you understand boys?" The scoulę gave a decided answer In the affirmative, and then the eyes of all were bent on the canyon ahead, the Indians, in their rear crowding them more closely now. * "Ah, It is as I expected! THere they are, lieutenant — and. by Heaven, they have roped us la! • Have your knives ready, men, to cut through th-t barrier." cried Cody, the fire of battle now flashing from his eyes. CHAPTER XLITL—THE RENE- GADE'S PLEDGE. Those'ln that little band of heroes did cot despair of what they beheld. Behind t&m; were a couple of hundred mounted braves, pushing on to attack them. In their front the canyon narrowed, and there was a natural barrier almost across. In large rocks. From these the Indians had stretched their lariat fence. Behind this fence and the rocks were a hundred braves on foot. "The situation is a desperate one, an 8 we have hit off a little more than we can masticate, but her's a try," said Cody, with grim humor. "It looks as though we had to go under, Cody; but we cannot grumble at Fate, for it is duty that demands the sacrifice of our lives. Shall we charge now? I will take the right;" and the brave officer wheeled to the right "Take the centre, lieutenant; for you are a volunteer on this expedition, and must get through if anyone does to carry the news to the boys." "No, Coay, I will shield ray life behind no man's body. I will take the right of the line," was the officer's response. "And I the left. Men, are you ready?" A cheer broke from all, and the rifles of the scouts rattled forth upon the Indians until they were empty. ' And deadly work they did too. Then came the cry in Cody's" ringing tones: "Draw revolvers! Charge!" With a yell the men . dropped their reins upon their saddle-horns, their revolvers were drawn; and in a steady line they rushed upon the rope barrier at full speed, their revolvers cracking as they charged. To their surprise the Indians did not fire heavily; only here and there their rifles flashed, and these brought down horses and not riders. As Lieutenant Seaford's horse fell. Cody reined -up quickly, and cried: "We will not desert you. sir. Boys, we will die right here, and die fighting!" . It was a desperate battle then that followed, the little band fighting for life against a score to one. A horse .went down, then a scout, then another horse, and another scout. A third scout fell, and yet the fight waged on. Not one of the little band threw a shot away. There was no firing at random. Tliere was no command, no word spoken; no excitement All felt that the; end was to be then, and so they fought with calm determination to die game and pile up a monument of dead foes around them. But -each one could not but realise that the Indians-were suffering a terrible.loss to their little band. It showed them that they were not to be billed if necessary—that orders had been given to take them alive, and that only now and then some brave, breaking the command, really fired to kill. Thus had the three scouts fallen. They were dismounted now, and grouped together back to bjack. . Revolvers and rifles had been emptied and were useless, and the scouts had drawn their bowie-knives. Lieutenant Seaford had his sword In hand, and the blade was red to "the hilt. Thus they stood at bay. and In a pause ! Cody said: 'We are to be taken alive, and you all know what that means." . At Bmt moment the Indians were preparing tor a rush. But a loud voice checked them/ and then came the words in English: . : "Surrender, and your lives shall bespared. Captivity does not-mean death, wul you surrender, -Cody?". • It .was the white renegade chief who spoke. < ; And the answercameirem Cody. ..' "Under the circumstances we can do nothing; else." • / y-i. r XTo be Contittuea.) ; The' tulip: was long priced by the Turks, And it was- finst ^got-fiom them in 1554 and grown to Vlaina. It made o Wpeanu.ce In England Jn 1557^ ^ ^ 70 TearE 140 varieties grown; "• . • '•-•'"•...'••••-• tifcmen ta fight tte curious fact-'tiiBt certain per- 6ons possessajnagn^tic. polarity—diat Is, ihey^are tound sto -nct after tlie man- iter bf jniagnete, i having.r-ln tack nortli indiridnal, on-'being, completely .nn- .galvanometer, will, .-sriien .tttrned on ja tten^tn the.opiKK 