LOST FOR LOVE. CHAPTER VIII. TOO MANY IKONS IN T1IE FIKE. While tbo triad Hat over the dinner and dessert, Miss Nettleby did her shopping — that is, she chatted with the good-looking r clerks over tho counter, and swept past the old and ugly ones in silent contempt. ' Cherrie was in no hurry ; she had made up her mind before starting to go through every ? drv goods store in Speekport, and kept her ?word. It was growing dusk when tlio -dress 'was finally bought, cut oil;, and paid for — \- a bright pink ground, with a brighter pink sprig rnnning through it. ' Shall we send it, Miss Nettleby ?' in sinuated tho gentlemanly clerk, tying it np with his most fascinating smile. ' Of course,' said Cherrie, shaking out Tier skirts with an air; 'Mr. Nettleby 's, EedmonRoad. Good evening, Mr. Johnston.' Cherrie was soliloquizing as she gained the -street. 'Now, I do wonder if he'll be homo. ?Tliey havo tea at six, 1 know, and its only a quarter to six now, I can say I want a book, and he'll be sure to come home with me. I most seo that new teacher.' Walking very fast Cherrie reached Cottage street as the clocks of Speekport were chim ing six and the laborers' bells ringing their dismissal. Catty Ciowrie was standing in lier own doorway, but Cherrie did not stop to speak, only nodded, and knocked at Mrs. Marsh's door. Betsy Ann opened it and , Cherrie walked into the sitting-room, where a £re burned, warm as the afternoon had been, and Mrs. Marsh, with a shawl about her and a novel in her hand, swayed to and fro in lier rocking-chair. Miss Rose in the parlor 'was trying her new piano, which Natty had ordered that morning, and which had just come home. 'Dear me!' said Mrs. Marsh, looking up from the book and holding out her hand, ' is it you, Cherrie?- How do you do ? Sitdown.' Cherrie did so. 'I've been out all the afternoon shopping for Miss Natty, and I thought I would call liere before I went home to ask you for another book. That last one was real nice.' ' Of course. What were you baying for Uatty ?' ' Oh, it was only a calico dress for Midge ; its being sent up. Mrs. Marsh, who is that playing the piano ?' ' That's Miss Rose, Natty's teacher. Havo you seen her yet ?' ' No. How nice sho plays. Don't she ?' ' She plays very 'well. And so yon likod that lost book — what's this it was— ' Regina,' 'wasn't it?' 'Yes,' said Cherrie; 'and oh, it was loyely. That earl was so nice, and I liked JJegina,.too. What's that you're reading?' ' This is ' Queechy' — a very good story. .Did you. ever read ' The Lamplighter ?' I'll lend you that.' ' Thank you ma'am,' said Cherrie. ' It's ... getting late. I suppose I must go.J' 'Stay for tea,' said Mrs. Marsh, who .liked Cherrie ; ? ' it's all ready, and we are ? only waiting for Charley. I don't see where i lie's gone to ; he wasn't homo to dinner, ? either.' 'I saw him this afternoon,' said Cherrie ; ' him and young McGregor and Captain I 'Cavendish were going up Queen street.' ' ' Was he ? Perhaps they had dinner to- j igetlier there. How did you know Captain ?Cavendish, Cherry?' \- ' I saw him at Redmon. He was np all yesterday forenoon. I guess he is after Miss .Natty,' Mrs. Marsli smiled and settled her cap. ' Oh, I don't know. Take off your things, Cherrie, and stay for tea. It's of no use wait ing for Charley. Betsy Ann, bring us the tea pot, and call Miss Rose.' Cherrie laid aside her turban and lace, and ,.Tvas duly made acquainted with Miss Rose. Cherrie had heard the new teacher was pretty, Jjut she had hoped she was not so pretty as this, and a pang of jealousy went through her ?vain little heart. Sho had staid for tea, hoping .Charley would partake of that repast with them, and afterward escort her home ; but it . commenced and was over, but that young gentleman did not appear. Miss Rose played after tea, and Cherrie lin gered and lingered, under pretence of being ' fcliarmed ; but it got dark, and still that pro voking Charley did not come. Cherrie could ??wait no longer, and a little cross and a good cdeal disappointed she rose to go. ? ' You will perish in that lace mantle,' said 3Iies Rose, kindly. ' You had better wear my : -sliawl ; these spring nights aro chilly.' Cherrie accepted the offer, rolled her lace ,aip in a copy of the Speekport Sporter and, started on her homeward journey. The street lamps, were lit, the shop windows ablaze with . illumination, and the cold, keen stars -were cleaving sharp and chill through the blue con cave above. A pale young crescent moon shone sereno in their midst, but it might havo been an old oil-lamp for all Miss Nettleby cared, in her present irate arid vexed frame of mind. But there was balm in Gilead ; a step ?was behind her, a man's step, firm and quick; a tall form was making rapid headway in her direction. Cherrie looked behind, lialf fright ened, 'bat thero was no mistaking that com manding presence, that military stride, in tho landsome face with the thick black moustache looking- down upon 'her. Clierrie's heart was bounding, but how was. lie to know that? ' I knew it was you, Cherrie,' ht) said, familiarly. ' Are yon not afraid to take so Jong and lonely a walk at this hour ?' ' I couldn't help it,' said Cherrie, all her good humour returning. ' There was no one to como with 1110. I was down at Mrs. Marsh's, and Charley wasn't homo.' ' I don't want you to go to Mrs. Marsh's, .and I am glad .Charley wasn't home.' ' 'I didn't go to see Charley,' said Cherrie, coqucttishly. ' I wanted a book, and I wan ted to see Miss Rose. Do you know where Charley is?' ' Ho is np at Redmon.' ' And you are going there, too, I suppose ?' ' I am going to see you home, just now. Iiet mo carry that parcol, Cherrie, and don't walk so fast. Thoro's izo hurry, now that I am witli you. Cherrie, you looked like an angel this afternoon, in Queen street.' As wo do not generally picturo angelic ioings in silks and blue parasols, not to speak of turban hats, it is to bo presumed Captain Cavendish's ideas on the subject must havo Leon Bomowhat vaguo. Cherrie obeyed his injunction not to Lurry, and it was an hour before thoy reached the cottage. Captain Cavondisb declined going in, but stood in tlio shadow o£ the trees, opposite tho Jiohso, tattling toiler for anothor half hour, then shook hands, and went to Lady Leroy's, where he and Charley and Mr. Blake were to spend the evening. Yal and Charley were there before him, the former having but just entered. The captain had not ^cen Yal, but Yal had seen the captain, and watched him now with a comical look, playing the devoted to Nathalie. In Mrs. Leroy's mansion there was no lack of rooms — Natty had two to herself, sleeping room adjoining the old lady's, and a parlonr adjoining that. It was in this parlor Natty received her own friends and visitors, and there the three gentlemen were now. Natty's rooms were the only light and cheerful ones in the vast, gloomy old house, and Natty had fitted them up at her own expense. Delicate paper on the walls ; pretty drawings and land scapes in water colors, the work of her own artistic fingers, hung around; a lounge, cushioned in chintz ; an arm-chair, cushioned in tho same ; attractive trifles of all sorts, books, a work table, and an old piano — made the apartment quite pleasant and home-like. The only thing it wanted was a fire ; for it was essentially a bleak house, full of draughts — but a fire in any room save her own was a piece of extravagance Lady Leroy tvould not hear of. So the gentlemen sat in their over coats ; and Lady Leroy, who had been wheeled in, in her arm-chair, looked more like an Egyptian mummy than ever. Midge sat behind her, on her hunkers, if you know what that is : her elbows on her knees, her chin between her hands, glaring balefully on Captain Cavendish, making him self fascinating to her young mistress. If that gallant young ofRcer had ever heard the legend of the Evil Eye, he might have thought of I it then, with Midge's malignant regards upon him. Lady Leroy, who dearly loved gossip, was chattering like a superannuated magpie to J Yal and Charley. Mr. Blake was giving her what he knew of the captain's history. ' His uncle,' said Yal, 'is a baronet — a Yorkshire baronet at that — ;and Captain Cavendish is next heir to the title. Mean while he has nothing but his pay, which would be enough for any reasonable man, but isn't a tithe to him.' ' And- he wants a rich wife,' said Lady Leroy, with a spiteful glance over at him. ' Ah ! I see what he's coming after. Natty ! ?' Ma'am !' said Natty, looking up, and Btill laughing at some anecdote Captain Caven dish had been. relating. ' What are you laughing at?' she said, sharply. ; ' Only at a story I have been listening to. Do you want anything ?' ' Yes. Go into my room and see what time it is ?' ' We bring Time with us,' said Mr. Blabe, producing a watch as big as a small football; it's five minutes to nine.' ?' Then it's my bedtime. Natty, go and make me my punch. Midge, wheel me in and warm the bed. Young men, it's time for you to go.' ' I'll wheel you in, Mrs. Leroy. Stand clear, Midge, or the train will rnn into you. Go ahead, fellows, I'll be after you.' 'You must not mind Mrs. Leroy's eccentricities, you know,' said Natty, shaking hands shyly and wistfully at the front door with the captain. ' Mr. Blake is quite used to it, and thinks nothing of it.' ' Think hotter of me, Miss Marsh. I do not mind her brusqueness any than ho does ; in proof whereof I shall speedily pay my rcspects at Redmon again. Good night !' ' Tell Charley to overtake us. Good night, Natty !' called Val, striding down the moon lit avenue and out into tho road. Captain Cavendish lit a cigar, handed anothor to his companion, took his arm and walked along, thinking. The Nettleby cottage was in a stato of illumination as they passed it; and tlie shrieks of an asoordeon atrociously played, and somebody singing a totally -dilforent air, and shouts of laughter, mingling togethor, came noisily to their listening ears. Val nodded toward it. ' You darling Natty. It is ages since you wore hero. Laura, liow good it is of you to ' fetch hor ! for I know it must have been you.' ' So it was,' said Laura, shaking hands with Captain Cavendish. ' I haven't time, I haven't timo was always her cry. I tell her there will bo time when wo are all dead — won't there, captain?' ' Cherrie holds a loveo every ni^glit. Tlio house is full now. Will you come in ? ' All the more the merrier' is the motto there.' ' No,' said tho captain, shrinking fasti diously ; ' I have no fancy for makiu'g ono in Miss Cherrie's menagerie.' ' Does tlio objection extend to Miss Che'rrie herself?' asked Mr. Blake, puffing energet ically. ' What do I know of Miss Cherrie ?' ' Can't say, only I should supposo you found out something whilo seeing her homo an hour ago, and standing making love to hor under tho trees afterward.' Captain Cavondi.sh took out his cigar and looked at him. ' Where wero you ?' ? 'Coming through the'ryo — I mean tho 1 fields. The next time you try it on, take a 1 more secluded spot, my dear fellow, than the 1 queen's highroad!' 'Oh, hang it!' oxclaimed tho young - officer, impatiently ; ' it scorns to mo, Bltke, - yoa see more than you have any business to t do. Suppose I did talk to the little girlj I ( met her on the road alone. Could I do less i than escort her home ?' 1 ' Look here,' said Yal, ' thero is an ;old 1 saying, ' If yo* have too many irons in the 1 fire, somo of them must cool.' Now, that's 1 your case exactly. Yon have too many irons ' in the 'fire.' . i ' I don't understand.' ; i ' Don't you ? Here it is, then ! This morn- ' ing, bright and early, 1 saw you promenading i the shore with Miss Rose. This evening I s saw you making up' to Cherrie Nettleby ; ' and, ten minutes ago, you wero as sweet as ' sugai'-candy on Natty Marsh. No man can ' be in love with threo women at once, without ' getting into trouble. Therefore, tako a 1 friend's advice, and drop two of them.' ' Which two ?' 1 ' That's your affair. Pleaso yourself.' ' Precisely what I mean to do ; and now, ; Val, old boy, keep your own counsel ; there's I no harm done, and there will be none. A : man can't help being polite to a pretty girl — 1 it's nature, you know ; and, dear old fellow, don't see so much, if you can help it. It is rather annoying, and will do neither of us any good.' Perhaps Captain Cavendish would have been still more annoyed had he known Yal was not the only witness of that little flirt ation with Cherrie. As that young lady, when he left her, after watching him oat of sight, was about crossing the road to go into the house, a voice suddenly called, 'Hallo, Cherrie ! How are you ?' Cherrie looked up greatly astonished, for tho voice came from above her head. 'Was It the voico of a spirit ?— if so, the spirit must have a shocking bad cold in tho head, and in clined to over-familiarity at that. The voice came again, and still from above. 'I say, Cherrie ! Yon put in a pretty long stretch of courting that time ! I like to see you cutting out the rest of the Speekport girls, and getting that military swell all to yourself.' Cherrie beheld the speaker at last ; and a very substantial spirit he was, perched up on a very high branch of a tree, his legs dangling about in the atmosphere, and his hands stuck in his trousers. ' Lor !' cried Miss Nettleby, quite startled if it ain't that Bill Blair ! I declare I took it for a ghost !' Bill kicked his heels about in ecstacy. ' Oh, cricky ! Wasn't it prime ! I ain't heard anything like it this month of Sundays. Can't he keep company stunning, Cherrie ? I say, Charley's dished, ain't ho, Cherrie?' ' How long have you been up there, you young imp ?' asked Cherrie, her wrath ris ing. ' Long enough to hear every word of it. Don't be mad, Cherrie — Oh, no, I never men tions it, its name is never heard — honor bright you know.' 'Oh, if I had you here,' cried Miss Nettle by, looking viciously up at him, ' wouldn't I 1 box your ears for you !' j ' Oh, no, yon wouldn't !' said Bill swinging about. ' How was I to know when I roosted up here that you were going to take whack at courting ovor there. I was going over to Jim. Tod's and, feeling tired, I got up here to rest. I say, Cherrie, would you like to hear a secret ?' Cherrie would like nothing better, only be fore he told it, she would rather he got down. It gave her the fidgets to look at him np there. Bill got lazily down accordingly. ' Now, what's the secret ?' asked the young lady. ' It's this,' replied the young gentleman. 'Do you know who Captain Cavendish happens to be ?' ' I know he's an Englishman,' said Cherrie; ' all the officers are that.' ' Yes ; but you don't know who his folks are, I bet.' ' ' No. Who are they ? Very rich, I sup pose ?' ' Rich exclaimed Mr. Blair, contempt uously. ' I say, Cherrie, you won't tell, will you ? It's a secret.' ' Of course not, stupid. Go on.' ' SayJ'pon your word and honour.' ' 'P'on my word ! Now go on.' 'Well, then,' said Bill, in a mysterious whisper, ' he's a queen's — eldest — son !' ' What !' ' I told you it was a secret,' and it is. I heard him telling my boss — Blake, you know, and they didn't think I was listening. A cer tain Queen when she was a young woman was married secretly to a duke, tho Duke of Cavendish, and had one son. When her folks found it out — jimminy ! wasn't there a row, and the duke was beheaded for high treason, and she was married to anothor prince. Now you'll never tell, will you, Cherrie ?' ' Never !' answered Cherrie breathlessly. 'Well?' 'Well Captain Cavendish was brought up private, and is the right heir to the throne; and ho expects his mother to leave it to him in hor will when she dies, in stead of the prince by her other husband. Now, if lie marries you, Chorrie, and I am pretty sure he will before long — then you aro sure to be a queon at once.' 'Now, Billy Blair,' said Cherrie, puzzled whether to believe his solemn face or not, ' I do believe you're telling lies.' ?'It's true as preaching, I toll you. Didn't I hear 'era with my own ears. That chap's sure to be a king some day, and when you're queen, Cherrie, sond for Bill Blair to bo your prime minister. And now I must go — good ; night.' , CHAPTER IX. ; THAT ONE COULD S51II.E, AND BE A VILLAIN. Miss Nathalie Marsh was not tho only per son in existence who took a violent fancy to tho pretty, pale little school-mistress, Miss Rose. Beforo the end of the month Speck port pronounced hor perfection ; though, to do Speekport justico, it was not greatly given to overpraise. Indeed, it was a common saying with tho inhabitants that Speekport would find fault with an archangel, did one of these celestial spirts think fit to alight tlioro, and the very person most vehement in this assertion would havo been tho first in tlio backbiting. Yet Speekport praised Miss Rose, and said their Johnnys and Marys had never got on so fast in their A B abs before, and the little ones themselves chanted hor uraises with all their hearts. If sho appeared in' the streets, they rushed headlong to meet hor,. sure of a smile for their pains. They brou'ght hor flowers evory morning, and a reproachful look was tho'sevorest punishment known ia the school-room. Tlie old women dropped thoir courtesies j the old men pro* ' lounced her the nicest young woman they iad seen for many a day, and the young nen — poor things ! they fell in love, Thore was some ono else winning golden )pinions, but not from all sorts of people. Dnly from young ladies, who were ready to iear each other's dear little eyes out, if it jould havo helped tho matter : and the man tvas Captain George Cavendish. Speekport was proud to have him at its parties, for was be not to bo a baronet pome day ? And was his family in England, their Alma Mater, not as old as tho hills, and older? But he was an expensive luxury. T'lieir daughters fell in lovo with him, and their sons spent their money frightfully fast . with him ; and ill sons or daughters got in return were Eascinating smiles, courtly bows, and gallant speeches. He was not a marrying man, that was evident; and vet ho did seem rather serious with Nathalie Marsh. Miss Marsh was the handsomest girl in Speekport ; she would be tho richest, and she was for certain the only one that ever had a grandfather—' that is, to speak of : in tho course of nature they all had, perhaps, but the grandfathers were less than nobody — peddlers, rag-men, and fish-hawkers. But her father and grandfather had beon gentlemen born ; and it is well to have good blood in one's veins even on one side. So tho young ladies hated Miss Marsh, and were jealous of each other ; and that high- stepping young heiress laughed in their faco, and walked and talked, and rode and sailed, and sang and danced with Captain Cavendish, and triumphed over them like a princess born. I It wa3 June, and very hot. Speekport was being grilled alive, and the dust flew in choking simooms. Cool through all the heat, Captain Caven dish walked up Queen street in the broiling noonday sun. Charley Marsh and Alick McGregor walked on either side of him, like that other day on which they had met Cher rie; and Charley's face was flushed and clouded, and young McGregor's drawn down to a most lugubrious length. Thoy had just come from Princo street — an every-day re sort now ; and Charley and McGregor seldom left it of late without that clouded expression. Captain Cavendish was laughing at them both. 'All in the downs !' he cried; 'nonsense, Marsh. One would think yoa were ruined for life.' ' I soon shall be at this rate. I owe you a small fortune now.' 'Only fifty pounds,' said the captain, as carelessly as if it were fifty pence, ' a mere trifle.' ' Arid I owe you twice as much,' said young McGregor, with a sort of groan ; 'won't there be the dickens to pay when it's found out at home.' . ' Don't let them find it out; then,' said Captain Cavendish in the same off-hand man ner. 'That's easily said. How can I help it?' .'Your father has a checque-book — help yourself.' - ' That would be killing the goose that lays the golden eggs,' said Charley. ' Let the old man find that out and good-bye to Aleck's chance of ever seeing Prince street again. Here are my quarters — no use asking you in to hear the row old Leach will make at my delay, I suppose.' Ho nodded With his -own careless laugh, and entered the office of Doctor Leach. Cap tain Cavendish looked at his watch. ' Half-past eleven ! I believe I owe your people a call, McGregor; so en avaunt!' Miss Jeannette McGregor was at home, and received the captain and her brother in her boudoir, a charming little room, with velvet-pile carpet, gilding, and ormolu, and medallion pictures of celebrated beauties set in the oval, paneled walls. A L copy -of Long fellow, all gold and azare, was in her hand ; she had once heard Captain Cavendish express his admiration of tho great American poet ; and, having seen her brother and he coming up the front steps, she liad arranged this little tab leaux expressly for the occasion. If thore was one young lady in all Speekport who more than another sincerely hated Nathalie Marsh, or more sincerely admired Captain Cavendish, that one was Miss McGregor. '? She had long been jealous of Natty's beauty, but now she detested her with an honest earnestness that, I think, only women ever feel. She kissed her whenevor they mot ; she invited her to evory party they gave; she made calls at Redmon : and she hated her all the time, and could have seen hor laid in her coffin with the greatest pleasure. It is a very common case, my brethren ; Judas Iscariot was not a woman, but kisses after his fashion are very popular among tho gentler sex. ' Evangeline,' said Captain Cavendish, tak ing up her book ; ' I always liked that, but never half so well as since I came to Speck port.' ' B.ccause you saw Miss Marsh in the character,' said Jeannette, laughing, as young ladies must in these cases. -? 'Miss Marsh took hor character very well, but that is not the only reason why I shall long remember that night.' A glance accompanied this speech that brought a glow to Miss McGregor's cheokand a fluttor to her heart. Captain CaveEdish was a clever man. He had more irons in the fire than oven Val knew of, and allowed none of them to cool : and it does tako a clever man to make love discreetly to lialf-a-dozen women i at onco. 'Natty looked stunning that night,' putin Aleck .- 'sho is tho handsomest girl in Speck port.' ' You think so — wo all know that,' said Jeannette, flashing a spiteful glance at him ; you have been making a simpleton of yourself about hor for tho last two years. Why don't you propose at once ?' ' Because sho wouldn't have me,' blurted honest Alick ; ' I wish to heaven she would ! I would soon do the popping.' ' Paint heart never won fair lady ; take .courage and try,' said tho captain. Jeannetto looked at him with her most tak ing smile. 14 Are you quite sincere in that, Captain Cavendish ?' ' Quite ! Why not ?' ' Oh, nothing ! Only rumour says you aro going to carry a Bluenoso back to moriie England.' ' Perhaps I may. You aro a Bluenoso, aro you not, Miss Jeannetto ?' Before Jeannetto could ? answer, a sort of shout from Alick, who was at tho window, took thoir attention. Miss McGregor looked languidly over. ' Oh, how noisy, you are ! What is it, pray?' Tho doorbell rang loudly, 'It's Natty herself and Laura Blair. You ought to have sood Natty driving up, cap tain ; she handles tho ribbons in tip top stylo and that black mare of Blair's is no joke to drive.' Before lie had finished speaking the door opened, and tho servant showed in the two young ladies. Miss Jeannette sprang np with the utmost effusion, and kissed each on both cheeks. ' You darling, Natty ! It is ages since you wero here. Laura, how good it is of you to fetch her ! for I know it must have been you.' ' So it was,' said Laura, shaking hands with Captain Cavendish. ' I haven't time, I liavon't time, is always her cry. I tell her thero will be time when wo aro all dead — won't there, captain ?' ' I presume so, unless at the loss of Miss Laura Blair the whole economy of creation blows up with a crash.' , ' And so you see,' said Laura, sitting down on a chair, and flirting out her skirts all around her, ' I drove up to Redmon this morning, with a great basketful of English strawberries tho size of crab- apples, as- a ooaxer to Lady Leroy ; and through their eloquenco, and tho promise of another, got hor to let Natty come to town with me on business.' ' On business ;' said Captaiu Cavendish ; ' that means shopping.' ? ' No sir, it doesn't ; it means something serious, and that you must take share in. You, too, Jeannette, and you, Alick, if we run short.' ' Thank you,' said Alick, ' what is it?' 'Why, you know,' began Miss Blair, with the air of one about entering upon a story, ' there's that Mrs. Hill — you know her, Alick?' ' What ! the wife of tbe pilot who was drowned in the storm last week ?' ' That's the ono,' nodded Laura. ' Well, she s poor Oh, dear me ! ever so poor, and hor two childron down with tho measles, and herself half dead with rheumatism. I shouldn't have known a thing about it only for Miss Rose. I do declare Miss Rose is next door to an angel : she found her out, and did lots of things for her, and told me at last how poor she was, and asked me to send lier some things. So then I made up this plan.' ' What plan ?' inquired Jeannette, as Laura _ stopped for want of breath, and Nathalie sat listening with an amused lOok. ' Didn't I tell you ? Why we're going to have a play, and every one of us turn into actors : admission, half a dollar. Won't it be grand ?' ' And the play is Laura's own, said Nath alie ; ' nothing less than the adventures of Telemachus dramatized.' ' That is delightful,' said Jeanette, with sparkling eyes. 'Have I a part, Laura ? ' To be sure, and so has Natty, and my self, and Captain Cavendish, and Val Blake, and Charley Marsh, and as many more as we want. The new wing that pa has built to our house is just finished, and, being un furnished, will make a lovely theatre. Only a select number of tickets will be issued, and the place is sure to be crowded. The pro ceeds will be a little fortune to Mrs.' Hill.' ' You should have given Miss Rose a part, as sho was the head of it,' suggested Alick. ' She wouldn't have it. I tried hard opongh, but alio was resolute. She is such a timid little thing, you know, and she would make a lovely nymph, too.' ' What part havo you assigned me?' in quired Captain Cavendish, i ' Being a soldier aud a hero, you are Ulysses, of course ; Charley is Telemachus ; Val is Mentor— fancy Val, with flowing white hair and beard, like an old nanny-goat. Jeannette will be Calypso ; Natty will take Eucharis ; I, Penelope. I wanted Miss Rose to-be Encharis the part would have suited her so well.' ' I don t believe it would come natural to ?Charley to make love to her,' said Alick ; ' ho'll havo to, won't he, if he is Tele machus ?' ' You must change the cast, Miss Blair,' said the captain, decidedly. V If Telemachus is to do the love-making, I- must be Tele machus. Mr. Marsh and I must change.' ? 'You. would make such a nice Ulysses,' said Laura, meditatingly, while Nathalie blushed ; ' but please yourself. You must all spend the evening at our house, and when the whole dramatis personal are gathered, we can discuss and settle the thing for good, fix the rehearsal and tho night of the play. Don't fail to come.' 'You need not be. in a hurry,' said Jean nette, as Laura rose and was sailing off ; ' stay for luncheon.' ' Couldn't possibly — promised to leave Natty back safe and sound in an hour, and it only wants ten minutes now. If we fail ono second, she will never get off for rehear sals. Remember, you are all engaged for this evening. (To be continued). 