"WILD EJELIN:" HER ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES, AND BITTER SORROWS. By- WILLIAM BLACK, Author of "A Daughter of Beth A. Princess of Thule," " Macleod of Dare." "The Strange Adventures of a Phaeton," " Briseis," " Highland j Cousins," c, c. j .,' (COPYRIGHT.) ;, I CHAPTER XVII. I l'J I ! Deeper and Deeper. Surely never in all the world was a literary co-partnership carried on in more enchanting circumstances : golden afternoons, with the sunlight flooding the spacious greensward of the tennis lawn ; the garden plots brilliant in. purple, and white, and scarlet, and yellow ; shaded seats (for earnest consul- tation) under the spreading times and then the promenade along the river front, overlooking the pink-gray shingle and the shining breadth of blue water stretching over to the leafy heights beyond. This young Gilchrist foresaw Iris ruin and rather courted it so de- mented was the lad. He was be- wildered by her eyes, as the sea-birds are bewildered that dash themselves against the glare of the lighthouses on the wild Atlantic nights. And the belle dame sans merci " went singing on her way without thought of harm. "Why should there be harm V She was eagerly interested in these literary projects. The doctor- burglar story was proceeding apace. Then he brought her the monthly magazines, for her perusal and opinion and her smallest hint, of approval or disapproval, -waxed large when it came to his writing out. How little did the ladies and gentlemen who were strenuously ' calling attention to themselves in these periodicals imagine that their pathetic efforts were being adjudged upon during idyllic conferences under the great black araucaria, while the wide stream murmured as it swung along, and the soft winds blew, and the honeysuckle was sweet in the air. No doubt the " In- vernisk Observer" could hardly be regarded as a supreme authority ; nevertheless, type is type and there are agencies for shipping out and forward- ing to these anxious aspirants any newspaper mention of them. The tragic thing is that no similar agency exists for guaranteeing that none such paragraphs, of whatsoever kind, shall enter a private person's house. Then, he had grown less shy and apprehensive in manners; modest he always was, and desirous to please, but his glance was not now so painfully alert in short, he was feeling a little more at home ; while his extensive reading and his judgment in bookish affairs gave him a certain position. Moreover, he had incidentally been introduced to one or two of Miss Selina I companions and to their occupations and diversions ; Lily Neue, for example, would bring along her brother and those four (when MSS. and magazines had been deposited on a window sill) would make experiments in croquet-a game that had just been revived after sleeping peacefully for a generation. And the favouritism shown by this young newspaper man and the wild excuses he had to make in consequence ! If Eelin and he were on opposite sides--for"some such distressing arrangement would occasionally happens and if she were lying in a good position at her, hoop, and if he could easily have gone down and driven her away,- he would t deliberately do something else-; and there a kind of afterthought he would by way of apology say to his indignant partner, " Well, yes, perhaps I ought to have gone down to her." And then the in- tentional misses when it was Eelin who was his enemy ! Lily Neile was a most good-tempered, not to say a hilarious, pass ; but sometimes she got angry, or pretended to be angry. " You two, she said, one afternoon, to her chief girl-friend, ought always to play on the same side, and then we might have an honest game. He simply won't croquet you ! It's disgraceful. See how I am handicapped!" And. then Archie Gilchrist, suspect- ing that remarks were being made about him, came up blushing and cons fused, and stammered forth an apology. " Did you ever see anyone play so badly ? I'm not sure that the lawn is quite ever just there. The roots of that lime-tree may run a long way underground-" At which Lily Neile burst out laugh- sing, a .' The roads of a lime tree !" said she. " Mr. Gilchrist, you know perfectly well that you deliberately missed that ball. I saw you do it !-" " Yes, you saw me miss the ball," said he " but the intention is a very different ma ter-" ' You are always playing into her hands ; it isn't fair," contended the irate damsel (but she was giggling, for she saw that Eelin did not like this too open accusation). " And next game I must have my brother for my partner ; then you two can nurse each other as much as ever you like." The awkward feature of the whole Situation was this, that these two. Archie Gilchrist and Eelin of the eyes like the sea-wave, had for a long time back been alternately love-making and jeering at each other in the columns of the Inverness Observer ;" but now, when the Saturday came round, "Fair- fax" was discovered to have grown exceedingly respectful, as if he were addressing a real person. Eelin promptly perceived the danger. " Mummie," said she, with a copy of the paper in her hand, I can't have this at all, you know. If Mr. Gilchrist is to come here, he must understand, and remember, that Fairfax' and White Cockade' are quite imaginary people who never existed and the way they have been talking at each. other has also been quite imaginary of course-certainly-obviously-quite imaginary-quite-" " Are you only finding that out now, Eelin ?" the mother asked, with calm scrutiny. "I told you long ago that all that farrago about assignations at the Islands would become rather com- promising if you were to meet the young man in actual life-" "Ah, but I won't have it!" said Eelin, with unusual perturbation. '. There must be a distinct understand- ing. All that nonsense that has been going on was between two ghosts and has nothing to do with him or me. Of course not ! And If 4 Fairfax' chooses to be timid, and complimentary, and courteous; why, It's his own lookout !" she continued, with more spirit. "I'm not going to spare him-not I ! I will shew and back at him ! I will cure hint of his John Knowles, and his Fairfaxes, and lilac Cromwell«-**,-<\- ^ - v ! '' Oh, no, you won't, Eelin. He seems to me in most amiable youth-" "Now there you are again, mothers'. the girl cried, with some little touch of shamefaced colour. " You are assuming that the newspaper people and the real people are one and the same ; whereas they are not-and never could be. The young man who comes here is a very nice, quiet boy, as distant in speech and demeanour as could be wished and besides he is so very clever, and well-informed : why he can tell you everything ! Very nice, and very interesting. Only he must distinctly understand that he has no relationship. with me handed over from 4 Fairfax however respectful * Fades. fast may choose to become." I j "I thought you might find some difBV culty." said the mother, regarding her. " Oh, no, there must not be, the girl said, with decision. " There must be a clear understanding. I will tell him, the very next time he comes out; that 'Fairfax' must remain 'Fairfax': a very slight hint will be sufficient For of course, I don't want to quarrel i he himself a really a very nice boy-such an interesting companion-so unlike other young men : don't you find him so, much- rain 1" . "Oh, I like him well enough" ilia mamma said, rather more cautiously the whole position of affairs puzzled her. J . Nor was it quite so easy as Eelin had thought to warn this young Archie Gilchrist that he must in nowise consider himself to be the inheritor of the rights, privileges, and immunities arrogated to himself by the imaginary "Fairfax's For the leal young man never, presumed one hair's breadth in that direction on the contrary, although she had got to be in a measure dependent on his advice, he was careful always to preserve a certain attitude of deference to Miss Macdonald of Kinvaig. And how could she complain that the ghostly contributor to the newspaper should be showing himself respectful to her other, and ghostly, self 2 The only way to clear up this somewhat perilous atmosphere was for " White. I Cockade" to attack him Tiddly in print., She would show him what she thought! of his William the Third's i She would i sound the gathering of the clans and light the old battles over again and ! lament fallen fortunes and raise her glass to him beyond the seas ! There was to be no more fanciful love-making ; no preconcerted meetings out at the Islands ; no secreting of envelopes is the first ushered east of the Priest's Well. Who was this "Fairfax," with, his WUiiganiore sentiment, and his " Declaration of Impudence" " A man's a man for a' treat V" At all events she would make it clear that his extreme Courtesy was wholly thrown away upon the person signing herself "White Cockade," who was resolved to maintain the freedom of her opinions and prejudices and habit of speech as an restricted and inviolate as ever. On one of these golden afternoons Archie Gilchrist-the real and actual person walked out to Glengarvo.' House in his pocket there was the completed story of the doctor who. to revenge himself upon society, joined a gang of burglars. It was rather a wild afternoon : during the previous day and night there had been rain up in the hills, and now the river was roar- ing down in purple spate ; moreover the blustering gale from the south-west had not subsided ; but Miss Eelin had pegged down and erected a canvas tent between the black-green araucaria, and her honeysuckle bower and in this sheltered nook her mother and herself were" able to follow their? "* usual occupations, while at any moment they, could look abroad on the swinging current on the row of trees that were toss- ing and straining their branches in the gusts of wind, and on the brilliant gar- den plots, where the nasturtiums, and carnations, and a.fter. and privates white, purple, and pale yellow, were driven down by the breeze, and would then recover themselves, and away, and bend, and become erect, in rather" a joyous manner, in the successive floods of sunlight. And here it was that Archie Gilchrist found the two ladies and they greeted him with a most kindly welcome ; they gave him - tea, and cake, and fruit and they begged him to road to them the conclusion of the doctor burglar story, with which they professed themselves delighted. As for him, their praises did not cheer him much. He was rather down at heart The cessation of co-partnership, so far as this little story was concerned, seemed to foreshadow the end. He had been too fortunate. He had been placed on too friendly a1 footing. Well, if he was to be relegated back to a distant acquaintanceship, he was not going to repine or reproach certainly not the latter. He would accept with submission and be grateful enough for what had already been vouchsafed him. For he was" not a presuming lad. Of a sudden the glare at the mouth of the tent was darkened by a figure and a maidservant announced Dr. Gillespie. And as the corrosion of slavery is not easily eliminated from any human system, a pang of contrition and remorse -. shot through Archie Gilchrist's? nature ; here was his master and he had been caught idling ; it was as if Strathern had unexpectedly come in and found him dreaming of online in Horace instead of attending to daybook and ledger. But this master was not as the other master ; he betrayed no surprise on discovering his employee fleet- ing the time away' in this pleasant company ; nay, " after salutations," when he perceived the roll of MS. lying on the small garden table, lie hinted that a little bird had whispered to him of a certain collaboration, and he hoped that the two writers who had for so long been attacking each other in the columns of the Inverness Observer" would find their advantage in working together in peace. and amity. " Oh, but understand, Doctor," said Miss Eelin, as she poured out some tea for him, those two people are not known here. We don't recognise them. They can continue to squabble if they like and doubtless they will. We don't, even mention them. They are not of' our set." Now, whatever Miss Eelin Macdonald said or did was right in the eyes of the bland, fresu-colaured, silver-haired Doctor, who was smiling so benignant upon her over his gold spectacles and I he fell in with the mystification, and made 110 further reference to the newspaper combatants ; but none the less he betrayed some little curiosity about the MS. before him. What had his assistant - sub- editor and his young friend the Daughter of the House of Klnvalg been about, when, they laid their heads together ? "Well, I'll tell you. all about IVpaid Eelin, with her usual bold frankness. "That is a small imaginative place-a piece of action- Th^jotígiiuiLiáeáiirag., k Mr. Gilchrist's ; but as I have had something to do with the shaping of it. you will at once perceive that It must be a work of resplendent genius. You will admit that of course. Very well. So far, good." The familiar, not to say the irreverent, way in which this ship . of a girl treated so august a personage as the proprietor and editor of the " In Kentish Observer" almost shocked Archie Gilchrist"; but then he was not altogether used yet to Wild Eelin's ways ; nor did he know that the go d natured Doctor had suddenly spared her by much betting. "The worst of it is," the young lady continued, " that now we have completed this work of genius, we don't quite know what to do with it and mamma wants a five pound note for her Convalescent Home and it has just occurred to me, my dear Doctor, that you might take the story for the * Observer.' " She was laughing at him-expecting confusion ; but the shrewd and good humoured Doctor was not easily put out. He affected to consider her proposal gravely. " Yes ? Well, now five pounds is not a large sum-not a large sum-not at all I think that is what was paid for another notable potboiler-" " A potboiler !" she exclaimed indignantly. "I am talking of the Ancient Main near,' " he said, with an innocent air. "I think that is what Coleridge and Wordsworth got for the Rhyme, when they were away on some excursion or other, and found themselves hard up-" I thought that the Rhyme was Cole- ridge's and that the Excursion was Wordsworth's," she said but he paid no heed to her ribaldry. " However," he continued, " this is doubtless a much more important pro- diction-" I have told you it is !-" " Yes. Quite so. And I am obliged to you for the offer. But hitherto we have not published any serial story in the Observer"s, You should march with the times, Doctor !" she cried again. " Why, nowadays there is friction everywhere !" " That also is true," he replied to her, with much suavity. " There is friction everywhere but especially in the political rumours that come from Vienna. However, my main objection to using your story in the ' Observer' is that I should be introducing a new feature that would have to be a permanent feature and where could I find subsequent tales of equal merit ? impossible i-" " Oh, now you are taking a harmless bit of fun seriously !" she said, pretend- ing to be much hurt. " That's not like you, Doctor. That's rather mean. And if this little tale isn't a great work of " '? genius, at least it's good enough for the readers of the ' Iuvernisb Observer !' " " That I am sure of !" he answered her, impressively though he was not in the least deceived by her offended manner. " And as regards the five pounds for the Convalescent Home, well, my dear Miss Eelin. that might be come at without disturbing the old-fashioned traditions of a country newspaper." He put his finger and thumb into his waistcoat-pocket ; but at this point the gentle mother interposed, with more than her usual decision. "No, "sale she. "I will not have my guests treated in this way. I will not have blackmail levied In my house. Don't pay any attention to her, Doctor ; they must dispose of the manuscript as j best they can." Doctor Gillespie and Archie Gilchrist, when this visit was over, walked back into the town together and the former was most friendly. " When are you off for London ?" said he. " For London ?" " Yes. Every young man of literary ability and ambition has his eye fixed on London. To conquer London, or die that's the watchword." Alas ! of late he had not been thinking of London at all. The visionary towers of Westminster Abbey had disappeared from the horizon. Rather he had been considering what was to be done with a broken and hopeless and useless life when the inevitable should happen, as it was bound to happen. " It is a bold ambition," continued the good Doctor ; " and too often it leads to long heartache and ends in failure ; but for the one who succeeds the triumph is splendid. I suppose you'll try. There's something in your writing that tells me you'll try. There's a large- ness of atmosphere-as if you were addressing a wider audience than In- varnish i- I think that sooner or later the terrible city' will draw you towards it. In that case I could give you some help, perhaps. We shall be sorry to lose you ; but if it should come about-if the terrible city' should eventually get hold of you-then a few letters of introduction could do you no harm." I am very much obliged to you," said Archie Gilchrist. And it was all he could say. He was in utter perplexity without plan or purpose ; his mind a chaos ; his future a matter of almost 1 unconcern. It is true, in these later days he certainly appeared to have fallen among friends ; but none the less was he distraught and wretched and downcast ; he began to understand better the incoherent messages left behind by this or that young man or young woman who had bade good-bye to the world and plunged into the unknown. Love-madness is sometimes said to be a mere invention of the poets. There were suicides from hopeless love and from disappointed love thousands of centuries before any poet was ever heard of. Then there came an evening. He had been away out among the wilds and hills, perhaps seeking to find in their tranquil beauty and their silence some relief from the passionate unrest within his own bosom. Was it, then, to be London, and a wild dash for fame, and some one, not wholly uninterested, hear- a 'bag of his renown ? Or the Cape Mounted Rifles, and severance for ever, and forgetfulness ? Or to go on and endure, letting an occasional moment of rapturous gratitude-for a look or a smile compensate for long days and nights of despair ? These were anxious and conflicting questions and mean- while the twilight had deepened to dusk ; the trees along the river bank and on the wooded heights had grown dark and dark also were the pathways and the hedges and walls ; though the broad surface of the stream was still of a cold and steely hue. and in the west there was a waning silver-gray barred by. heavy swathes of purple cloud. He heard voices borne far across the wide water ; a trembling orange ray spoke here and there of a window being lit up. For now he was aimlessly returning home, with but little arrangement of his misery. He did not notice, but gradually and stealthily the world around him was being transformed. Over the black foLage certain fleecy clouds had caught a suffusion of faint saffron radiance ; the wide pastures had crown to be of a phantom gray ; the mists were visible along the hills ; if he had looked, he would have seen that he was now cast- ing a shadow. And at length this new presence around him became so pronounced that he could not choose but have his attention drawn to it he turned his head to ascertain and be- hold ! there was the full moon shining through a filmy haze, over the ebon masses of the woods. All the distant sounds were hushed now ; the dominion of the night had begun with the Empress of the Night set high on her pale and mystic throne. By this time he had arrived at the point where the garden surrounding Glengarva House abuts on the open fields and he was just about to go through the little turnstile, to continue on his route into the town, when he perceived that some one was approach- ing from the other side. Well, it was none other than Miss Eelin M Mcdonald for she was in the habit of standing out from the grounds and passing along the river front to this convenient corner, where she could the better inquire of the upland country about the weather prospects of the morrow. He hesitated his heart sick with fear ; then he advanced to the turnstile and she, having satisfied herself as to the look of the night, was about to get back within doors again, when she recognised who the stranger was. So she halted, and shook hands with him, and asked him what he thought of the sky Lily Neile and she having some scheme for the next day. And then, of course, as he was proceeding along the river-bank, and as she had to reach the gate of the carriage-drive before she could enter, they walked along together. It was a kind of inevitable thing. The length of this promenade was simply the length of the front garden of Glengarva House-not over a hundred yards or so and no doubt, in those few brief seconds, they talked the merest common-place. He did not know and he did not care. Those honeyed words of hers could be recalled afterwards, and counted over, one by one, as a miser counts over his secret wealth. And in the meantime-that is to say when they had parted at the gate, and when he had resumed his way into the town, between the glamorous gray of the river and the wan foliage and black shadows of the trees the meantime his brain was all afire with this new experience, and his exaltation was of a quite blind and delirious nature. For he had walked in the white moonlight with Eelin Macdonald and to him it was as if, in the deeps of the forest, he had kissed Scuon-Rohtraut's mouth. (To be continued.) 