WIT AND HUMOUR. ti A "moinster in human form " says that r the only time a woman does not exagc gerate is when she is talking of her own age. "Does lMiss Hysee sing I" asked a man r of a friend who had just introduced him to a young lady. "Well, that's largely a matter of faith." "I don't understand you." "It depends altogether on which y you believe-her mother or neighbours." A New York man, who had not been out of the city for years, fainted away in a the pure air of the country. He was only a resuscitated by putting a dead fish to his h nose, when he slowly revived, exclaiming, ' That's good-it smells like home I" a In a provincial theatre, where " Mac- st beth" was being recently played by a clever man, who was also a very great favourite with his audience, in the ban quet scene he had delivered his words to the ghost of Banquo, " Hence, hence, hence !" when he dropped on his knee, i covering his face with his robe, and shuddering convulsively. Just as the ap- A please was over, a youth in the gallery, a carried away with the intensity of the acting, cried out, "It's all right now, Sl Smith~ he's gone I -,a . e, Mi13°Blanche--" H yvI n m?i?de iny conquests this summer l" Miss Marian- A "Oh, yes, Mr Jones. proposed the day before we came away." Miss Blancha -" Doesn't he pop the question in the mostawkward manner imaginable 1" They meet now as strangers. When a celebrated miser died a few years ago, a surviving friend wrote for him this epitaph : Here lies one who for med'cines would not give A little gold, and so his life he lost : I fancy now he'd wish again to live, Couldhebut guess how muchhis funeral i cost. " I see," said the man with the paper, "that there is a king in Africa who has been drunk for fifteen years." "That," said the cheerful idiot, " is what might be called a soaking reign." "What did Noah live on when the flood subsided and his provisions in the ark were exhausted " asked a school teacher of her class. "I know," squeaked a little girl, after the others had given up. "Well, what I" asked the teacher. " Dry land." " How is the bank doing at the Gulch?" I asked Broncho Pete. "Suspended," said | Alkali Ike. "So ? And the bankers I" " Ditto." Mamma-f' Ethel, what do you mean t by shouting in-that disgraceful fashion ? See -how quiet Willie is." Ethel-" Of i course he's quiet, that's our game. He's papa coming home late, and I'm you." 