WILD EELIN: HER ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES, | AND BITTER SORROWS. By WILLIAM BLACK. Author of "A Daughter of Heth," "A| Drincess of Thule," " Madcap Violet," "In Bar Lochaber," "White Heather," "Stand j Bast, Craig-Iioyston," "Highland Cousins," &c.;, &c.; Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] C'HArTEE XLIX.—The Devil's Kirn. Early next morning thorn was enacted the strangest scone ever beheld oil the banks of the Haver Isish. Almost beforo daj-break Arehio Gilchrist was out at bis accustomed post, apparently busy enough with books and maga zines and manuscripts, and yet ever with a furtive glance towards the rcu houso across the wide stream. The dawn was graciously still and opalescent; the overclouded skies were of a banded silver-grey; the current, noiseless, stealing by, mirrored the foliage of the now yellowing trees; the smoke of the town, when that began to appear, rose vertically into the quiescent air and diffused itself into a palo blue iiliu that softened all the wooded heights beyond. Peace reigned throughout the world; and in that houso away over yonder why not also a beneficent and merciful peace? Meanwhile this is what was happoning in tire sickroom. "Nurse," Eelin called, in rather a frail voice, "will you do me a kindness? Will you go down—go down to the drawing-room and search amongst the musie—on tlio piano —and you'll find a scrawled piece—scrawled and scribbled over—but the title of it is 'The braes of Gleubruon' " " 0!i, it you will please to excuse me. Miss Eeiin," the nurse said, anxiously. "Your mamma said 1 was not to bring you that soug —because it upsets you so " " O'n, well," she said, with apparent in difference, but the eyes like the blue of the sea v.-avc were beginning to burn, "anything will do. I only want to look at the titles. My—my singing days are over. Why should 1 want to sing ? It is happy people who sing. Hut tlic titles to iuok at—c-uuiu you hud for 1110 'Eeiin of Ivtreonufcl'—'I wiali I were where Ec-iiu lies, on lair Kirkeonnei lea'—Eeiin, mind, not Helen—jeu'il find the correct version in Maver—-or in .Moffat " "Oh, yes, miss," said the prim and placid Nurse Kendrick. "As soon as ever the day nurse is iiere or when some of the servants are about I will run down and feteii the music for you " "And why not now?" the girl pleaded. "It—it is a smali favor to ask; only a minute " The nurse hesitated—and was lost. " What did you say was the song, miss?" " ' I wish I were where Eeiin lies, for night and day on lne she cries'—i—I don't re member tile rest—for my head is not very well—only—only I wanted to look at the titles —if I am never to be abie to sing any more " "What did you say were the books, Miss Eeiin "Oh, I have forgotten—I have forgotten," the girl moaned. "And — it is too much trouble—X ask your pardon " 'Pile prim little nurse was also impression able in a way ; she could not resist the wearied appeal; she said siie would try to find "Eeiin of Kirkcuuuel," and should be bank in an instant. It was a kindly concession, wrung from her by the pathetic tones of the girl's voice ; but it was not very wise; and it bad consequences. for the moment she bad goue, Wild Eeiin— with tile cunning aud the unnatural strength of delirium—sprang from the bed, undressed herself, put on her swimming things, not even excepting the felt slippers to protect her feet; then she crept stealthily down the staircase, and passed along the hall, and unlocked the door, aud went out. Her footstep on ihc gravelled path was silent; phantom-like she crossed the breadth of grass ; and so she came to the river—at least, to the shingle bordering the stream. And this was the apparition that Archie Gilchrist, on the other side, beheld when he chanced to look up from his books. He did not pay much heed. Somehow his eyes had become dazed of late, what with long watch ing, and mechanical reading, and sleepless nights; and no doubt tliu white-armed goddess ou the opposite bank svas but a spectral creation of his brain ; in another moment or two she would have vanished and taken to liight for her far and foam-girt isle. Ho Hardly eared even to look at her. She was not an effulgent and lustrous creature as a goddess should he, for the grey dimness of the dawn was still around her; she was a mere ghost, ethereal and visionary. He had been reading tiie night before some stories out of the Greek mythology, and ho was of an imaginative turn of mind. Then all of a sudden a spasm of horror shot to his heart. V.-'liy, this was no fantastic illu sion whatever; he knew who it was and why she was there, it was Eeiin Maedouald, escaped from control, come down to make one more mad effort to swim the Devil's ICirn. In consternation he saw her take off her slippers at the end of the shingle ; he saw her v/ade in through the shallow to the deeper water; he saw the fragile body throw itseif against the heavy current; and ill an agony of Helpless ness "he could only wait and watch, not know ing v.-hitiicr she might he carried. But he had quickly taken off his coat and flung it on the grass behind him; so tar iie was prepared for anything that might haopen. By this time there were nurses aud servants rushing down the distant bank—calling, and shrieking, and wringing their hands; little attention did he pay to them. It was piteous to see the frail wliitu human creature contending with the ebon-black im placable stream; and of course the result was inevitable ; with her spent sLreugth she could make no headway at all; certainly she fought and fought, for she had tiie courage of the Kinvaig iiacdonalds in her veins and perhaps tiie fever lent her some access of wild effort. The end speedily came. Shu was swept down like some white roseleaf on the surface of the water; the Devil's Kirn had got its grip of her; and hither and thither she was being ...i,a ....(M v...,i.:„ .'r:i,.',_:„. i.:.. _i ° whirled—until Archie Gilchrist saw Ilia chance and pimped in. He was a good swimmer, til*.' swinging current notwithstanding, lb- .-sszod hotel ot her—he bore her to tiie i .-.is—lie carried liar to the slope where his o -t was lying—in another moment siie was mapped up in that uncouth garment, and lie hud placed her arms around liis neck, and lie had clasped her hrmly to him. as he set out for the house. He went in the direction of the upper suspension bridge. He vaguely knew that the shrieking women were running across with blankets and such things. And then she said to him, in a panting kind of way— "Oh, Somerlod—my Iovo ! my dear love!— have you conic lor me at last? Ah, why did you never speak? 1 guessed, you know—oh, yes. 1 guessed—and when you gave me tile thousand pounds for the llacdonalds of Glen garva, my mother said you were either mad or madly in love—and if you were in love it was with me—and I guessed that, too, though I would not. let on. And aa for me—my heart was yours from the moment 1 saw your strong, earnest eyes. Hut then, you see, I was promised; and I could not break my pro mise ; and you were proud and you held aloof and would not say a word—ah, well, that is the bitterness of life " The mental torture was more than man could 1 bear; he staggered towards the nearest bench and sat down there, holding her closer to him and trying to soothe her fevered imagination. Then the terrified nurse came flying with rugs and blankets, and these she quickiy wound round the trembling fugitive, who had some dim notion of what was going on. Nay, she tried to express her thanks in a merry kind of way. "Jennie's a' weet, puir body," she said. "Do you know the old version, nurse ? Hut it's not with 'coming through the rye.' I think I must have been in the river—perhaps —perhaps—and it is so cold this morning—and I have given you so much trouble—X ask for your pardon " Gilchrist had now got up again, with his precious charge folded to him closer than ever. " Mr. Gilchrist," said the nurse anxiously, " won't you let me carry her ?" "No, by God," said he, "nobody shall carry her but. myself." His face was as white as death; and his arm3 trembled; but he had great physical strength ; and there was not much fear for tho invalid. The worst of it was that this arrangement enabled him—com pelled him, rather—to hear her whispered cou lidenees—confidences that tore his soul; for it wits impossible to doubt that all through these wandering phrases the girl was revealing the secret of her life. "You see, Somerled—oh, my darling !—my love with the strong eyes !—that you should have conio hack to me '—well, I used to go up the Castle Hill—and I used to look towards Ben Wyvis—and—and—think about Alt-na Traive, and sometimes Taunahill's verse would come into my head. 'Och hey! Johnnie, lad; Ye're no sae kind's ye should hae been' —and then I thought that was most unworthy —I—1 admired you all the more for your pride and silence; because—because you knew that I bad given my promise—didn't you V Ah, but never a word—never a word from Alt na-Traive—and the long distance—and I am not complaining—oh, no, I ain not complain ing—I would rather ask for pardon—from any one I have dono wrong to " She sobbed a little—his heart heard hersobs. And here wa3 her mother, at the end of the small suspension-bridge. The poor woman could hardly speak. It was her affrighted vision that made its mute enquiry. And then she followed her daughter—she the first, of course—though she could scarce put one foot before tho other. With tremulous and useless lingers she would endeavor to draw the blanket somewhat closer round Eelin's neck, or with her handkerchief she would try to wipe away a few drops of water from the splendid blue-black hair. She was entirely distraught—she did not know what she was doing—her eyes were blind. It was a long and roundabout way they had to come .: and again and again they offered him help; but the white-faced man would have none of it. And every word sho spoke iu that hushed, appealing voice was like a dagger. "Oh, my love, my love," she whispered, "you havo come for mo at last, and all 1 wish for is to lie in your arms for ever and ever— oven in the grave. The ' Braes of Glenbraon' were never for you and me; they were for j happy people; at least they were happy for a j time—oh, 1 hope so—I hope so—oven if there was a broken heart at the end ; but for you and me it's more like Kirkconnell—you re member what he said after his sweetheart was shot—his prayer was, 'And I in Eelin's arm lying, on fair Kirkccnnell lea.' That was in the grave, you know. Well, why not? Tell me, Sotuerled of the brave eyes, are you listenimr—are vou listeninrr In inn listening—are you listening to me?" "Gil, ves, indeed," ho answered, and he hoped his voice would not undeceive her. "We shall soon be at the house now, and you'll be put to bed and get warm." She thanked him over and over again, and begged pardon for the trouble she was causing; nay, in a pitiful sort of fashion she seemed to think it was her duty in return for his kind ness to entertain him. " You know, dearest heart, they used to laugh at me," she said, with a Sue pretence of cheerfulness. "Ah, yes, they did. They used to say that nono of mankind was good enough for me—because—because—well, no man has ever kissed me, aud that is the truth. And Lily Neile she would often sing ' There was anes a May—and she lo'ed r.a men—she— she biggit her bonnie bower—down i' yon glen'—i have forgotten the rest. But I never complained of their laughing—no, no: I waited to find my lord and master—and when I saw you anu recognised you—I said to myself, " Weil, perhaps iie wilt allow nie to go into the fields to glean a little, and X will be his handmaiden if 1 should find favor in the sight of my lord.' And you commanded tiiem to let fall some of the liandfuls—ah, did you not!—did you not!—when X was doing imall thing3 hero and there for Kinvaig and Glengaiva. Thy handmaiden—thy hand liingiy—willingly—but the maiden—all, yes, willingly— willingly iields aud the sheaves were so faraway—when 1 went on to the Castle ILili I could not them because of Ben Wvvis. Yes, and v; I was seated on one of tiie benches an old gentleman came up and said—'TeH me, young lady, why ate you crying so?' X pretended X was not crying at all—that the distance to Ben Wyvis strained the eyesight ; and when he went away X fell to crying again—but what was the use—what was the use—tiie sheave Were so distant ana tiie handmaiden—not able —not able to bow down before her lord " And yet again she tried to talk mote cheer fully—in those hushed, hurried sentences " Gilchrist has been so kind to me—so kind —so kind ami considerate. I think X must ask for his pardon. X was never to him what a sweetheart should be—I suppose not—ac cording to tiie old songs—and he never onee remonstrated—well, you see, we were so much engaged in our small literary plans and schemes—that was a kind of safeguard, no doubt. But—but—but when thy 'ord of the strong eyes_. has come for his handmaiden, Gilchrist will set me free from Clio literary partnership—ah 1 I know him—X know him— all the way through it has been whatever X might wish—and some day—I will learn how to thank him. ! He managed to get the swathed figure over or through tho turnstile : and she stiil mar muring to him. Thoy were uiuv close by Giengarva House, The weeping women had rushed forward to have the gate- wide open. " And Bomerlad—oh, my own, my own !" she said. " lifou know we must try to do something for Archie Giichrist When he goes away v.o J.oudon to tight the great tight. Ay, and ho will uot faif. He will not fail. 3 know him. If till the Assassins Club were confronting him, breast to breast, his right arm would send the whole crew of backbiters swinging to the wall. Ami we shall hear of him—and read of him—oh, it is such a wonder ful thing to have won the praise of the world —and the affections of so many people—in different countries—ail over the globe to have friends and wellwishers who are grateful to you—oh, yes, a marvellous thing—yes, and so few attain that—but I know ire Will—he will —he has the strength—he has the width of outlook—oh, yes—he wili—he will—win to it. Do you know, Someried, that ire once called me the ' belle dame sans merci'—and I was to go 'singing on my way.' Ah. but I was never one of that kind. And I would have kept my promise—only—only—that my head has not been so well lately ; and if you see Gilchrist, will you tell him that I ask his pardon ; what ever happens, he is the one to forgive me, sure I am of that " He was taking hor up the gravelled path way, and she seemed to have some confused idea that sho was Hearing home. "Someried—Someried," she moaned, "I am wishiug to pleaso you, but my voice is not what it was—something on the harp I could play for you if you like the oid airs. Nut the 'Braes of Glonbraou'—oil, 110, not the ' Braes of Glenbraon'—for there was uuhappi ness there—oh, my heart is like to break when I bear the "Braes of Glenbraon'—I I know all the Orain na'h-Albainn—and anyone that would please you—for I am sorry to be giving you so much trouble—I ask for your pardon—I ask for your pardon—"' Ho carried her to her room and left the women folk to attend to her; then he went down into the hail and took a chair -there ; his face was like tho face of a dead man. Nor did they altogether neglect him. After a short while .Tane, the parlormaid, came run ning to ask whether he would not have some tea, or hot soup, or brandy, but lie only said, "No, thank you—no, thank yon" to thesej friendly suggestions. And Morag, the Mull j lass—her face "sair begrutteu" not knowing . what else she could do—brought cloths to | wipe away the water from his ankles and ; feet. | "Morag, my dear," he said to her in Gaelic, I "it is kind of you, but it is not necessary; i could you not bo some service upstairs?" ! And then tho doctor arrived, and with a' curt nod of recognition passed Gilchrist and ' went on ; the case was too urgent to permit ■ of formalities. The shivering, white-faced young man got up and began to interest him self with tho stags' horns ranged along the wall. Oh, yes, there were some good heads— ; some fine royals, with admirable cups—only that his eyes did not seem to convey any per manent impression to his brain. Undoubtedly there were excellent heads, he strove to con vince himself—brow, bay, and tray, all admir able—and likewise tbere n.re strange mon strosities too, quite worth" of insnBntjm; ojid he tried to observe them by way of parsing the time, and he thought he saw them—but all the while his heart was listening for the first foot fall on the carpet of tile stairway. j "My good friend," said the doctor, when lie came down, "you ought not to bo here at all. Yon ought to be in bed. You are shaking as if with the palsy. No wonder, perhaps. But tome away, 1 will drive you home " I "The news, doctor, the news—what do you j think ?" the younger man exclaimed. He was hustled into the brougham and the doctor followed. ; " You'll have to get homo at once and drink i some hot spirits and go to bed—for I don't j want another patient on my hands just at pre- j sent " j " But—but—your opinion—what do you j think of her?' he asked, in a frenzied fashion, j as they drove off; he paid little attention to ■ his own shiverings and shakings. j "Oh, well," said the doctor cautiously. ! "such a shock to the system, in the middle of j high fever, isseriousenough—yes, undoubtedly, j very serious—very bad. But who knows? she has youth and strong health on her side—never . any young lady I have known was stronger in her health than Miss Eelin Macdonald. Yes. yes, X have been privileged to look on her swimming, in heavy water, too ; and I've seen her rowing—the ease and grace of the stroke just admirable; and I've seen her throw a salmon-line—and who is there, man or woman, who can throw a better?—and all these things help—they help to build up a constitution ; and she has ail along been as strong as a young colt—and she may pull through anything. But it is you I have to deal with at present; and you are going home and going to bed." Archie Gilchrist went home, but he did not go to bed. When lie had changed his clothes he made straight for the office of the Invernisk Obicrvir. " Grieve," said he to the sub-editor, "will you look after things for the next day or two? I may not be back " "But what's the matter?" said Grieve. "You look very ill." "Ah. that's nothing—that's nothing," bo said. " If you would open letters and attend to affairs generally for a day or so—I am leaving by the middle-day train for Lairg— and the drive to Alt-na-Traive is long " "But, Gilchrist, you don't seem fit to travel anywhere '" his comrade remonstrated. "Oh, yes, I can manage," he said. "I can manage. I am not made of sugar and salt. And you'll look after everything while I am away, won't you? and if there's any serious news you might telegraph to Alt-na-Traive— only—only I shall be back soon." 