. T H E NOVELIST. AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL. DIAMONDS & DESTINY I Remarkable Story of Discoiery and Adventure. PART IX. a mad gallop the animals rushed on, and were guided by the crouching driver behind the building, where be ge t tiiem under control. Forbes, too, had drawn his revolver and was ready to sell his iife dearly, while Constable Moss and Brady had not been idle. They, with the other passengers, had sought shelter of the house and began to lire on the highwaymen, who were coir, pel led to beat a quick retreat. Meanwhile Wallace and Forbes had cniered the building by the back way and were prait.caby sale. The end of the world must be coming,' gasped the bank manager, whose deathly pale face gave proof of tiie excitement under which he laboured. ' Good heavens ! I think that man was Wills !' 4 But are you sure, Mr. Forbes. Mightu't you be mistaken? I've known Ben Wills for nine years, and a belt x man there never was. Are you sure ?' asked the constable. ' As sure as I am alive at tnis very moment. Didn't you hear his voice, too, and that ought to be enough. Yet what can the motive be of the second attack ? Poor RJarlow has followed the sergeant, brutally mur dered,' spoke Forbes 4 What are you going to do, Wal lace ?' queried the trooper. ' I'm going to Goulburn in spite of all the ruffians in the bush. It's come to a bad pass when men like Wills should turn highwaymen. The mails are still in the coach, and I'll take them if I have to go alone,' answered the intrepid driver. 4 It's iixe tempting fate, Alex, but if you go so will I. There would be no use in these ruffians killing one of us now, for all of ns haye the clue. Unless they can massacre every mother's son in this house they can't escape detection,' spoke Constable Moss. ' Shure an' they might try that same. JBedad, we'll have to be on our guard anyway,' interrupted Brady hm serious voice. 4 Then let one-half of us stay here and the other lot go on to Goulbum. I'll go or stay, just as you like,' said Constable Moss. Acting on the courageous resolve of Driver Wallace, it was soon de cided that the journey should be con tinued though the risk was undoubtedly very great. So far none of the attacked party had connected Alfred Marlow with'the outrage. The fact that their ill-tated fellow traveller had met his death cn what was expected to be his wedding-day was clear enough, but it was looked upon as a misadventure in connection with an -attack -for- plunder. The real motive did not dawn upon the party at the time, or they might have been less fearful of attack. The natural conclusion was that the return of the highwaymen was due to a desire to secure the mails, which had apparently been overlooked. How Ctefui that second onset was the reader can probably guess. Had it not been for the death-grip of poor Marlow on the false beard of Ben Wilis the perpetrators of the Braid- wood coach robbery might never have been discovered, and the history of the League of Braidwood would have remained unwritten. As it was, t strong clue was afforded, and even in death Marlow avenged himself. After waiting for nearly an hour without any signs of the highwaymen ueing seen, Wallace boldly left the :helicr of the house and secured his oach and team. The horses had ieen standing quietly near the stable, nd tiicre was no difficulty to such an xperienced driver in getting them unicr control and bringing the vehicle o the back door of Brady's house, t was then agreed that Constable loss and two of the passengers should ravel inside the coach, each being well armed and on the alert for an ittack. The constable considered it would oe safer for him to take an outside -eat th. in ride openly on horseback, .rum which he could easily be shot iown from an ambush. Theie was no possibility of Wal- ice so securing himself, but he was ised to d mger, and did not shrink \- om the ptriL Besides he had a Ian resolved on which might add to he safety of himself and the pas sengers. Afu r removing the body of Marlow md placing it beside that of Sergeant litcham, the coach left on its journey i z Gou'burn, but under very different rircuinstanc.es to its arrival at Brady's. Forbes remained behind with a pas- -engcr named Donald, and with Brady nd aim they felt fequal to defending -iiemsclves against ;probable attack. After going about lialf a mile from 'irady's along the direct read to Goulburn, Driver Wallace suddenly turned his leant into the low scrub .vhicii fringed the side of a range and jiunged irt > die bush, much to the icrprisc of the coach inmates. ' \\\ h t's ti e matter, Alex?' asked the trooper, putting his head out through the window and looking up. 4 I'm going to try a bush track. Our lives wouldn't be worth a penny- piece if we keep on the main road, i'kuse jssca.'s are waiting for us sure enough," r sp-endod the driver. ' You th r.k they will be at the big gap?" ask; ci .Mets I do, and it we can turn that spot all will be well. L- . ve me alone now. Moss, and look out f <r the thieves j and murderers, for it will take me ail mv time to st.er along.' cur.'y" ! a nswered the driver. This was (rue enough, for the route taken by Wallace seemed an utterly impracticable one, and perhaps none but a daring fellow impelled by a deep sense of danger would have taken it. For five long hours he guided the team through obstacles which would have deterred almost anyone, and it was just upon sunset when to the joy of himself and his companions the coach emerged on the high road. This was at a point some four miles on the Goulburn side of the dreaded Big Gap, and as Wallace whipped up the jaded team he felt that the great danger was over. In that belief he was right, for Goulburn was reached safely and the alarm given. It was Constable Moss who pro ceeded to the Royal Hotel immediately after he had reported the tragedy at Brady's to bis superior officer. He knew that the murdered man Marlow had to meet Michael Farnham and his daughter Rose at that place, and the errand which the constable took was not by any means a pleasant one. So far none but the police and a few others knew the particulars of the tragedy, and Moss felt that it was his duty to enlighten the Farahams re garding the matter, for they must be full of anxious expectancy. He was shown into a private room at the large hotel, and in a few minutes Michael Famliam, the owner of Narrigo Station, entered. He was a man of some fifty years of age, with grizzled beard and face, the lines of which showed the owner had 'roughed whilst the sharp chin and keen steel- grey eyes gave evidence that Farnham possessed more than a fair share of resolution and determination. The constable was known to the owner of Narrigo, for his first words were : 4 What kept you so late, Moss ? On a day like this, above all others.' ' There has been trouble, sir ; but I'm sorry you and Miss Farnham should be disappointed. I ' Oh, it was the gold I was thinking about, not the approaching marriage. What happened ? A smash ?' inter rupted the squatter in an off-hand manner. ' Far worse than that, sir,' sulkily responded the constable, nettled by the manner of Farnham. ' The coach has been attacked and robbed.' 4 Robbed ! the devil it lias, and pray what were you doing, Moss? Are you aware I was interrested in the gold carried to some extent?' 4 Well, it has all gone, and more than that, too. There have been precious human lives lost, and so far as I'm concerned I did my duty, Mr. Farnham, as I always do,' responded the constable in an aggressive manner, ' Human lives lost, did I hear you say ?' interrupted a low sweet voice as the half-open door was pushed back and a young woman entered the room. The speaker appeared to be about twenty-two or twenty-three years of age, and though not what might be reckoned handsome, there was an ex pression in her face which was good to. see. She was rather under than over- middle'stanire,and her -figure was slight. The deep grey eyes and resolute mouth proclaimed her a daughter of Michael Farnham, though the magnificent tresses of golden hair which crowned the well-shaped head did not correspond with the jet-black locks — now being tinged with grey — of her father. The constable looked confused at the entrance of Rose Famliam— for she it was — and for a few moments did not reply. Then he said : There has been trouble with the Braidwood coach, Miss, and I was just telling your father.' Trouble ! Of what sort ? Did I not hear you say there were lives lost?' queried the girl, changing colour. 4 The gold has been taken, Miss,' evasively answered Moss. 4 Is that all ?' pointedly asked Miss Farnham. 4 Well — no, not quite all. I will tell your father about it,' blurted out the trooper. 4 Tell him and then I will listen. Perhaps it concerns me,' spoke Rose Farnham ill a tone of anxiety. ' The fact is, Sergeant Mitcham was killed to-day at Brady's by four high waymen who surprised us and stole four boxes of gold.' 4 And where were you, Moss ?' in terrupted Farnham for the second time. 4 1 was sent in by the sergeant to have some refreshment with the pas sengers. There was no one at the coach but the sergeant. We managed to drive the ruffians away, but they got the gold,' said Moss. ' Locking the stable-door when the steed is stolen,' sneered the squatter. 4 If you had been there you could not have done any more than we did. It's all very well to talk about a matter you don't understand, sir. These four men were bent on murder, and were not content with gold. They made a second attack and killed another of our party — one whom you are interested in,' indignantly retorted Moss. Ah! a second attack!' muttered the squatter sinking into a chair with a vague sense of impending evil. ' Who was it, Moss ? Let us know,' he fiercely spoke, rising to his feet in suppressed agitation. 4 Alfred Mariow,' said the constable in low tones, looking towards the girl and expecting a scene. In that he was disappointed, for the squatter showed infinitely more perturbation than his daughter. Miss Farnham certainly turned deadly pale, and with a gasp sank down on the sofa beside which she had been standing. The owner of Narrigo Station, how ever, seemed absolutely paralysed with the announcement, and for nearly a minute remained in dazed silence. Then with an effort j shook « ff the lithargy and said i> « e -nfused voice; 'You mean to tell me that Marlow was killed ill this attack- Did he re sist the robbery, or how did it come about ? Surely there must be a mis take, Moss.' ' I am sorry to say it is too true. Marlow was sitting in the coach with Frrbes when the four ruffians L-a"oped up aud shot him. He managed to pull the false beard off one of the murderers, and he has been recog nised, sir.' "Ah ! who— who is the scoundrel?' panted the squatter. Ben Wills, of the Shoalhaven Store and public-house. He A low, gasping cry from Rose Farnham interrupted Constable Moss, and turning, he saw that the girl had regained her feet and was standing pale as a ghost and trembling most violently. ' Wills ! Did you say Wills ?' she asked. | Yes, Miss Farnham, it was Ben Wills sure enough, as Wallace and Forbes can prove. Who the other three were we don't yet know, though the clue obtained will soon be followed up. We had a rare job to get here, sir,' Constable Moss continued/turning to the squatter. 'These fellows would have killed every one of us if they could so as to destroy identification. Wallace is certain they were wailing for us at the Big Gap, but he took a bush road and got round the place.' 4 And where — where is Mr. Marlow now ?' asked Farnham, not heeding the constable's recital. 'At Brady's. A party of mounted >iii uc leaving ior mere in half-an-hour's time, so the inspector told me. The magistrate starts at day light, and I'm gdhig with him,' ex plained Moss. ' I'll go to Brady's with the constable, Rose, and you had better stay here until this affair is settled, suddenly spoke the squatter. 'I would much rather go home, father. I can easily get across without you,' answered Rose. ' Why can't you stay here ?' repeated her father. 4 For several reasons. One is that I don't care to be pointed at as an object of curiosity. This affair will be on everybody's lips to-morrow, and I would rather go home.' ' Well, do so, Rose. I'll make arrangements with Grainger to send you over, and I will be able to let you know all about this affair when I return. It is best I should go on to Brady's and look after poor Marlovr's affairs. He hasn't a relative in the colony that I know of,' answered the girl's father as he left the room to make prepara tions for his early morning's journey. ' Who was with Wills, Mr. Moss ?' suddenly asked Rose Farnham as the squatter went out. It was not the question so much as the tone of it which almost startled the trooper. None of us can tell, Miss Farnham. When Marlow was shot a tall young fellow dressed like a sailor was along side the coach. Of the other two, one was got up as a negro or a blackfellow, and the other was a stout clean-shaven fellow.' ' These were disguises, I suppose,' queried Rose.. .. ' Of course they were, but we'll soon penetrate them with the clue we've got. The telegraph is already at work, and the police front Braidwood have gone out to Wills' place by this lime to arrest him on suspicion,' explained the constable. ' But will he be there ? If the party is lying in wait at the Big Gap, how can they have gone back to the Shoal haven?' pertinently asked the girl, though her voice trembled with anxiety, To as coxtixueb. 