ONE WORD MORE. THE envious opponents of the Norseman railway are making a terrible noise, and as braying may sometimes be mistaken in the echoing distance for the lion's roar, it is necessary to disalarra people on the other side of the range. If the Kalgoorlie Miner were not so feverishly anxious to prevent the line going from this town, we should not dignify that journal with a fraction of the attention it now receives at our hands. The question would simply be treated in a deliberative way, without any necessary reference to the amateurish. Miner; but, as we have said, mere noise afar off may sound as if it emanated from strength. " Is Esperakce to be Ruined ?" heads some special pleading one day, to be varied the next with " The Ruination of Esperance," The jealous outpourings of the Miner are telegraphed all over the country, for as there is no other paper in Kalgoorlie, the Miner does most of the correspondence work from that centre, Bnd has the modesty to I telegraph its own lucnbrations as the public opinion of these fields. The. casual words of a chance Norseman visitor are distorted into the statement that Norseman hardly wants the line proposed. It must be a desperate case when to support it this stale trick of | the journalistic novice is revived. Then, becBusethreeorfouriDtereBtedMurchison I members howl like dingoes at the Govern-1 ment railway proposals, because Mount Leonora is to be connected with Menzies, I the Miner declares that CooJgardie I shall not get the Norseman line, or | words to that effect. If an angry longshore man at Esperance expectorates, and says " Dern Forrest," it is telegraphed to the Miner, and the editor runs his fingers through his hair in search of another telling headline, and declares heroically that " curfew shall not ring to-night"—that is, that the death knell of Esperance shall not be sounded so long as he and the longshore* man can yell. Extracts are reprinted from the | Esperance papers, which, naturally, are bitter against the Government, but no I notice is taken of the jubilation of I the Norseman Times, which resorts to I Latin to express its feelings— I " Finis coronat opus." No doubt I the end does crown the work for Norseman, but the Mine, scribe ignores the I wishes and the progress of Norseman, eyes^? the pa^nt fact .«!u ,• that half the line to Esperance is to be constructed. Anything to cause delay, in the hope that something may turn up to divert the junction from Coolgardie- something, for instance, that would serve as a pretext for the Miner to jump round and resume its sycotihantic beslobbering of the Tremier. I But while the Miner is quoting interested opinions, why does it not re- I print the disinterested opinion of the I Kanowna Herald (edited by an ex- Norseman journalist), or the views of the Perth Morning Herald, or the I pregnant arguments of the Minister I for Railways, and other authorities ? Having exposed the miserable motives of the Miner, let us examine the political opposition which has been expressed towards the Government railway proposals. The speakers so far have comprised the small group I of irreconcilables. Mr Leake himself | has shifted his ground, and instead of proceeding with his Esperance tag, has I amended his amendment so as to con- I demn the financial suggestions of the Government. In effect, he now says j that it io better to have a lot'of borrowed money lying idle than that it | should be used in progressive work, Was any more puerile argument ever I submitted to an intelligent Assembly ? Norseman is to be robbed of railway facilities, while loan funds are to be i looked up in the banks. It is bad and s d k t r Jr 4 r ^ - ZESSF&'SSrx weakling who aspires to be Premier. Probably he discoveted tbatthe opposi- . tion to the Norseman railway was confined to his own petty following, and he designed to catch support by frightening the timid with a financial ghost. As for the Murchison muddlers, they I are like the Irishman, always "agin the Gov'ment," and particularly so because the Mount Leonora trade is not to be dragged all the way round through Cue and Geraldton, Illingworth Mitchell, Dimpsonand ftingsmill—Arcadesomnes, Still there is a political method in their madneBS, for do they not aspire to usurp the Treasury benches? And some people would elevate these politicians to power, simply because the great goldfields railway to the south is to be started at the Coolgardie end, rather than from the Esperance I end. We hardly think the Premier will be turned from his course of Drogress by such opposition. We w U even ask whether the member for North | East Coolgardie ought to oppose the line which he has championed for years I just <!,„ .because it „. is not • . to . be . commenced . 1 at the point which he has chosen, When he was a pressman of this town he made a special agitation in favor of a Coolgardio-Espersnce railway, and how can he consistently refuse to acoept a first instalment of that line? If he does so, then he will Btultify himself, I though after all that may not be a very I painful operation. Formerly he did not make it an imperative condition that I the line should be started from I the seaboard end. Nothing of I the kind. So long as a section was proposed it would have been sufficient. No, the political opposition is I insignificant and untenable, and we do I not anticipate that it will have any I material effect on the result. There is one other point in the controversy which may be mentioned. One of the Esperance papers asserts that the Hon. J. G. Jenkins pledged I himself to vote for the line starting from Jbsperance. Our contemporary is quite in error, we believe. What Mr Jenkins said was that he would cer-1 tainly support the construction of an Esperance-Norseman radway if that were proposed, but he declared that I he was a firm advocate of the eastern goldfields being connected with the southern seaboard. As it is, the Government propose to make half first, and is it to be supposed that aDy sane goldfields representative would refuse snch a handsome concession. Besides, Mr Jenkins represents the Norseman, too, and the Norseman people are the most concerned and have emphatically declared, through their Mayor and their newspaper, that they prefer the line as decided upon by the Government, Do the Kalgoorlie Miner and the Murchison muddlers imagine for one moment that the Parliament is going to cavalierly ignore the wishes of Norseman, and the pretty ixiom of tbe greatest good to the greatest number? 