ONE WORD MORE. THE envious opponents of tbe Norseman railway are making a terrible noise, and as braying may sometimes be mistaken in the echoing distance for tbe lion's roar, it is necessary to disalarm people on tbe other side of tbe range. If the Kalgoorlie Miner were not so feverishly anxious to prevent the line going from this town, we should not dignify that journal with a fraction of the attention it now receives at oar hands. The question would simply be treated in a deliberative way, without any necessary reference to the amateurish Miner; but, as we have said, mere noise afar off may sound as if it emanated from strength. " Is ISsperai.ee to be Ruined ?" heads some special pleading one day, to be varied the next with " The Ruination of Esperance,'' The jealous outpourings of the Miner are telegraphed all over tbe country, for as there is no other paper in Kalgoorlie, the Miter does most of the correspondence work from that centre, and has the modesty to telegraph its own lucubrations as the public opinion of theBC fields. The casual words of a chance Norseman visitor are distorted into the statement that Norseman hardly wants tbe liDe proposed. It must be a desperate case when to support it this stale trick of the journalistic novice is revived. Then, because three or four iuterested Murchison members howl like dingoes at the Government railway proposals, becauso Mount Leonora is to be connected with Meuzies, the Miner declares that Coolgardie shall not get the Norseman line, or words to that effect. If an angry longshore man at Esperance expectorates and says " Dern Forrest," it is telegraphed to the Miner, and (he editor runs bis fingers through his hair in search of another telling headline, and declares heroically that " curfew shall not ring to-night"—that is, tbat the death knell of Esperance shall not be sounded so long as he and the longshore man can yell. Extracts are reprinted from the Esperance papers, which, naturally, are bitter against tbe Government, but no notice is taken of the jnbilation of the Norseman Timet, which resorts to Latin to express its feelings— " Finis coronat opus." No doubt the end does crown the work for Norseman, but the Minet scribe ignores the wishes and tbe progress of Norseman, and shuts his eyes to the patent fact that half the line to Esperance is to be constructed. Anything to cause delay, in the hope tbat something may turn up to divert the junction from Coolgardie—something, for instance, that would serve as a pretext for the Miner to jump round and resume its sycophantic beslobbering of the Premier. But while the Miner iB quoting interested opinions, why does it not reprint the disinterested opinion of the Kanowna Herald (edited by an ex- Norseman journalist), or the views of the Perth Morning Herald, or the pregnant arguments of the Minister for Railways, and other authorities 7 Having exposed tbe miserable motives of the Miner, let as examine the political opposition which has been expressed towards the . Government railway proposals. The speakers -so far have comprised the small group of irreconcilables. Mr Leake himself has shifted his ground, and instead of proceeding with his Esperance tag, has amended his amendment so aB to condemn the financial suggestions of the ijovernment. In effect, he now Bays that it ii better to have a lot of borrowed money lying idle than that it should be used in progressive work, Was any more puerile argument ever submitted to an intelligent Assembly ? Norseman is to be robbed of railway facilities, while loan funds are to be locked up in the banks. It is bad and retrogressive finance. Let us stagnate, he practically says, rather than go on advancing. That is the policy of a weakling who aspires to be Premier. Probably he discoveied thatthe opposition to the Norseman railway was confined to his own petty following, and he designed to catch support by frightening the timid with a financial ghost. As- for tbe Murchison muddlers, they are like the Irishman, always " agin the Gov'ment," and particularly so because the Mount Leonora trade is not to be dragged all the way round through One and Geraldton. Ulingworth, Mitchell, Simpsonand Kingsmill—Arcadesomnes. Still there is a - political method in their madness, for do they not aspire to usntp the Treasury benches? Aud some people would elevate these politicians to power, simply because the great goldfields railway to the sonth is to be started at . the Ooolgardie rather than from the Esperanoe end. We hardly.- think the Premier be turned from his coarse of proress by snoh opposition. We would ven ask whether the imember for North ast .Ooolgardie ought to oppose the ine which faehas championed for years, ostlimnseitiiiiotipbe commenced at the point whioh he has -chosen. When he was a pressman of this town he made a special agitation in favor of a Ooolgardie-Esperance railway, and how can he consistently refuse toacoept a first instalment of that line 7 If he does so, then he will stultify hims&fj; though after all tbat may not be a very paii, f ul operation. Formerly he did not make it an imperative condition that the line should be started from the seaboard end. Nothing of the kind. So long as a section was proposed it wonld have been sufficient. No, the political opposition is insignificant and untenable, and we do not anticipate that it will have any material effect on tbe result. There is one other point in the controversy which may be mentioned. One of the Esperance papers asserts that the Hon. J. G. Jenkins pledged himself to vote for the line starting from Esperance. Our contemporary is quite in error, we believe. What Mr Jenkins said was that he wonld certainly support tbe construction of an Esporance- Norseman railway if tbat were proposed, bnt he declared that he was a firm advocate of the eastern goldfields being connected with the southern seaboard. As it is, tbe Government propose to make half first, and is it to be supposed that any sane goldfields representative would refuse such a handsome concession. Besides, Mr Jenkins represents the Norseman, too, and the Norseman people are the most concerned and have emphatically declared, through their Mayor and their newspaper, that they prefer the line as decided upon by the Government. Do the Kalgoorlie Miner and the Murchison muddlers imagine for one moment that the Parliament is going to cavalierly ignore the wishes of Norseman, and the pretty ixiom of' tbe greatest good to the greatest number ? 