OA THE LAND. FROM the beginning of things in Aus tralian history, we have been familiar with the cry " Gfct the people on the land." Mr. Carruthers is not much ' more earnest and energetic to-day tbuu was Governor Bligh a hundred years apo. Every governor und every responsible mitunter, indeed, has ac knowledged the desirability, and felt the need of promoting agricultural settlement ; and . many aud various have been the tn "ans used and the in ducements offered. The success achieved has not been proportionate to effort and inducement, and it may be of some present interest to look for a cause. The two maia essentials of SUCCORS seem always to have boen with us; we havo land of the right sort, and from very early days at leant we have had people of tho right breed. No doubt whatever about the land. Broadly, it may be stated that no country in tho world offers more ot natural advantage to a prosperous and almost infinitely varied agriculture. On the heights of Monaro and New Euglund we have conditions which approximate tho Lothian* of Scotland ; in our coastal areas from Bc .ia to the Tweed weean, as regards climate and soil,challenge coui|ian«on with Devon shire or Kent, or southern France or Algeria ; and in the wide west wc do not seek in vain for all-round circum stance favourable ns that which makes both intense culture und prairie i (irru ios prosperous and progressive in Amertci. And yet wo do not boom. Our development and growth in this way are not what they might and should be. The land is taken up taut enough, but is it settled, and in such style aa Aus- trslians with the future of their country at heart would desire? The reply of every thought ful observer must be a negative; and then comes most necessarily and urgen'ly the question, why not? Mr. Valder, of the Hawkesbury College, touched the skirts of thin subject when, at the Nepeau show, he spoke of tho higher aspects of the agricultural life, but it is a long look up from the ordinary free selector or "edekatoo" to Mr. Valder. The old world nowadays, Baid the college principal, honored those who earned their living by farming. The man between the stilts of the plough, or the woman cooking in the slab hut, may doubt this assertion, and the ordinary farm hand ia the bush will probably deny it with emphasis. They are profoundly eonviueed that their conditions aie no: such as to beget honor amongst their fallows; to which Mr. Voider may reply that they are neither farmers nor farming men, and that is too true. We wsnt farmers Bnd farmers' men ou the laud, and we should welcome most cordially any and every means which U'IKIB to breed; to bring, and to keep them here. Mr. Valder's way is un doubtedly good. Diffnsi m of a sound and practical science of agriculture must be our foundation of success. Mr. Carruthers' o nd Mr. Sydney Smith's ways are also good. Men must be able to got on the land, and in many instances must be aided to get at tho water which flows beneath tho land. The wey of Sir John Robertson waB also giod in itu tune, and thc ideas of Mr. Deakin and the Chaffey Brothers in Victoria promised a new and glorious era in the rural life of the continent. That which may, with a go.id deal of reason, he callnd the way of Mr. Pateson, of the Fresh Food and ICQ Company, is nlso good. There stem, indeed, to he abundant ways and many travellers in them all ; but can i; be truthfully Haid that tho majority have, or are likely io get, home ? The worl must be understood in its fullest sense and with all that it implies ol' security, content, and the homage of mankind, which os Mr. Valder says, is ready for bestowal. Records of trausfers, memories of deserted and worked out districts, receut experiences of new settlements, and of actual present conditions, do uot justify comforting or satisfactory replies. Generally speaking, farming is the laborious, and the uncertain, mid the undesirable life of the lind. It has its pur ¡il o patches, but the liitniliar tone ie a monotonous and dreary grey. And the change we desire will b? wrought rather by the infusion of a general and geueruus warmth, of color and tone, tbuu by the establishment of gilded lures ahead. The farming life must always be labotiuue, bur n^ed it be one uubroken round of drudgery? An eight-hours is impossible, and each day brings certain duties which cannot be put off ; Dut the world's experience goes to show that a littln effort and organisation eau afford a good di al of i elie f, and lot in a fair quantity of the color and warmth which are desired. The wisdom of the world devised Whitsun Ales and Easter Fairs, bean feasts and club feast«, harvest and hay homes ; and though Yule is deeper in its origin, it was and is so managed as to specially brightin rural life of most eld IT lands. Ame) ica or#aiii>ed her heartening and wholesome thanks* giving out of profound conviction nf che necessity of festival, but we in Australia have never recogut%ed con viction nf that sort. Nut a ghost of « vintage feast even has gladdened the heart of the rci.l workers: and tho " shearers' ball " or shea ere' races " are vc y inadequate for the rejoicing which should accompany the annual gathering of the Golden Fie*>c<\ It is Dor easy to rafi j vt', initiative and innovation, desirable and calcu lated to bp p>-ruMueut. " Clioi'-," H« the Americans say, hobble 'he larmer on every holiday. Farmers* friends should consider how far ('Iure« mi-hi be roiuinmed, and farmer*' friend-, amongst whom wo ioulud<\- every irm friend of that whit-'h must f»r decade* be.the maia support aud chief industry ef Australia, might well consider a few oilier ami larger malters suggested ben?, aud rut lier as subjects for serious thought tbau lor rash efforts at hasty HUIUMOU. Compare, on this and every Suturduy afternoon, the life of Toni, working ou the farm, with brother Jack, employed iu office or store in town. Carry on the comparison to Sunday, and to all the recuguiBed holidays of the year. Look next at the life of the fat ming hand. Such there are, and such it may be trusted thcro ever will bc, and in increasing »umbers, in tho land. Compare his pay, bis food, his accommodation, his services, with those of any mau of similar ability aud character employed in town. If the true bed-rock uf fact is reached, the comparison to most people will bc startling, and it will be a good cause ot' thanksgiving if the surprise created becomes the seed ol a general interest whose harvest will be always progressive reform, lt is ex- j actly this quick public interest, follow ing naturally on a general grasp of actual facts, which ie necessary to strengthen the hands of Ministeis too easily cowed by rancorous criticism and venomous purry attack. It is iu the best interests < i the colony that they should go ou boldly, aiding every ] development, facilititing every labor, ameliorating every hardship of agri cultural life ; aud if those whose con cern is specially with the mental and spiritual welfare of the people would jum willi cordiality and zest, ¡lio way to tho cud desired might be rcudered still moro open.-DAILY TKI.EUHAL-U. 