MILTON ZRICKETERS' BDLL. (BY Tan BLV?E.) A ruae, and fancy dress ball, under the auspices of the Milton Cricket Club, eventuated at the resi dence of Mr. John Cole on the evening of the 2nd instant, and has no doubt left many pleasant recol lections in the minds of those present. The com mittee, comprising Messrs. John Cole (treasurer), R. Calthorpo (secretary), Andrew and G. Cole, are to be congratulated upon the success achieved by their exertions. It was pronounced by many com petent judges to be the most successful function over held in the district. There should indeed be a large surplus to go towards the funds of the club, as there were no fewer than 120 persons present. Amongst these I noticed visitors from Sydney, Goulburn, Middle Arm, Yarra, Breadalbaneo, Mer rilla, Mummell, Thornford, Bangalore, &o.; Danc ing commenced at 8 p m. to music-piano and violin-supplied by Messrs. Cameron and Wiseman. A programme of 28 dances was negotiated under the active direction of Mr. Harold Basely. Malton House is specially adapted for festivities of this kind, as it abounds in large rooms and nooks and corners, which proved irresistibly attractive to the dancers. The ball-room, which is a finely propor tioned one, with a floor just perfect, presented a smart appearance with flags of all nations, ferns, palms, chrysanthemums, and numberless rows of Chinese olanterns. The catering was ontrust'ed to Mr. Thomas Higgins, Auburn-satreet, Goulburn, and left little to bo desoired. The arrangements at the supper table were carried out by Mrs. Cole and a staff of assistants, and their attention to the com pany was much appreciated. During the interval Mr. W. J. Jeffery proposed " Success to the Milton Cricket Club, coupled with the name of Mr. J. Cole." He said that the Milton Club was only a small band, and if they were not always suctcerssful on the cricket field they were undoubtedly far in advance of other clubs regarding their social fune tions. Of Mr. Cole he felt confident there was not a greater enthusiast of the grand old game ost of Syldney. Mr. A. Mundy and Mr. Fred Nixon also spoke in eulogistic terms of Mr. Cole. Mr. It. Calthorpe and Mr. Cole responded to the toast on behalf of the club, the latter gentleman in a humuorous speech which afforded the company much merriment. During the evening several songs and recitations were contributed by Messrs. A. Mundy, Fred Nixon, and W. Jeffery. Amongst the ladies present were:-Mrs. Barnes (Sydnoy), cream evening, fed roses, and diamonds; Miss E. Byrneo (Goulburn), black silk, chiffon and jet trim mings; Miss McCallum, pink silk everning; Misa Crouch, sage green, cream satin trimmings, crimseon roses; Miss E. Crouch, brown, with pink satin trimmings, pink chrysanthemums; Miss Edio Cooper (Norwood), grey serge, trimmed with pink surah and cream, sequin, insertion and ribbon; Miss E. A. Churchill, black cash mere, pale blue satin trimmings; Miss Ada Churchill, black cashmere, cream satin trim mingsa: Miss Cole, black velvet evening with pink silk and pearls; Miss Christiia Cole, navy blue velvet evening, pink chiffon and pearls; Miss Chapple, black skirt and white bodice, pink trim mings; Miss McDonald (Middle Arm), green silk bodice, black skirt ; Miss M. MoDonald, black and buttercup, and gimp trimmings; Miss Annie MoFadzean (Goulburn), pale blue silk, jewelled trimmings ; Miss E. M. Nash (Goulburn), pale blhu silk, chiffon trimmings; MissMyra Nixon, pale llue bodice, white lace and fawn shirt, blue eash ; Miss MoKeahnie (Thornford), black velvet evening with jet and lace; Miss Sheridau, black evening; Miss Smith (Breadalbane), black skirt, pink bodice ; Miss H. Ticehurst (Goulburn), pale blte silk, chiffon trimmmings ; Miss A. Ticehurst (Goulburn), black silk, jot trimmings; Mrs. Wiseman (Goulburn), black skirt and cardinal bodice. Amongst the gentlemen I noticed several fancy costumes, notably, Mr. F. J. Nash, Spanish Matador; MIr. W. Galli more, Greek sailor; Mr. J. O'Brien, the New Man ; Mr. Jack Storier, anti-Bil(l1)ious: Mr. T. Darliston, a Mulligan Guard; Mr. G. Jeffery, Chinaman; Mr. Fred. Nixon, coachman; Mr. Joe Nosworthy, an officer of the Black Watch; Mr. A. Mundy, cyclist; Mr. Ernio Crouch, cyclist; Mr. George Cole, cricketer; Mr. R. Casthorpo, judge; Mr. W. J. Jeffery, Hogan's Ghost. 