the jfeM $ridal Br Mbs. G. Sheldon, Authoress of "Dorothy's Jewels." CHAPTER XXIII. ' " OH GOD! I KNEW II ! YOH ABE— ISABEL !" yjfu a somewhat reluctant, air, Emit Correlli offered his arm to his sister and. led her toward the woman around whom „roup of distinguished people had -.fEorod and whom she was entertaining with an ease and grace that proclaimed he' perfectly at home among th ocremede la crane of society. She appeared not to perceive the approach of her hostess and her brother, but continued the animated conversation in which she was engaged. A special observer, however, would have noticed the peculiar fire which be"an to burn in her beautiful eyes — a gleam that, at 6rst, was but a tiny spark, but which grew and grew until it became something dazzling. , . . When Mr Correlli presented his sister, Bhe turned with fasciniting grace, makin" a charming acknowledgment, although she did not offer her hostess her band- " You are very welcome, Mrs Stewartf" Mrs Goddard remarked, in response to g.in>0 words of apology for being .a guest in the house without a previous acquain tance. " 1 only regret that we have not met before." " Thanks ; I, too, deplore the compli cation of circumstances which has pre vented an earlier meeting," was the sweet voiced response. But there was a peculiar shading in the remark which, somehow, grated harshly upon Anna Goddard's ears and nerves. " Who is Bhe, anyhow ?" she ques tioned withiD herself, with a strangefeol- ing of unrest and perplexity. "I never even heard of her until after Emil came ; vet there is something about her that mkes me feel as if we had met in some other sphere." She stole a searching glance at the soman's face, only to find her . great, luminous eyes fastened upon her with an equally intent gaze. 'Ah !" and with this voiceless ejacula tion and a great inward start, some long dormant memory seemed suddenly to have been aroused within her. There was an instant of awkwardness ; then madame, who seldom allowed any- thin' to disturb her self-possession, re marked : " 1 am sorry, Mrs Stewart, that you did not arrive earlier to witness our little play." jjut while she was giving utterance to this polite regret, she was saying to her- self : "Yes, there certainly is. a look about her that reminds me of Ugh 1 She may possibly bo a relative, or - the resem blance may be merely a coincidence. All the same, I shall not like her any the belter for recalling that horror to me." " Thank you," Mrs Stewart replied ; "no doubt I should have enjoyed it, especially a3, I am told, it was original with you, and terminated in a real and very pretty wedding." " Yes ; my' brother finds that he must leave the city earlier than he anticipated ; and, as he was anxious to take his bride with him, he chose this opportunity to celebrate his marriage, and to introduce his wife to our friends." " Ah ! I did not even know that Mon sieur Correlli was contemplating matri mony Who is the favored lady of his choice?" Mrs Stewart inquired. " A Miss Edith Allen." "Edith Allen !" repeated the beautiful stranger, with a start. " i'es," said Mrs Goddard, regarding her with surprise, not unmixed with anxiety. " Did you ever meet her ?" "Is she very fair and lovely, with golden hair and deep-blue eyes, a tall, slender figure and charming manners ?" eagerly questioned Mrs Stewart. " Yes, you have described her exactly," answered madame, yet secretly more dis turbed than before ; " but I am surprised that you should know her, for she has been in the city only a short time, and I did not suppose she had made a single- acquaintance outside the family." "Oh, 1 cannot lay claim to an acquain tance with her, as 1 have only seen her once, and our meeting was purely acci dental," the lady responded. " She ren dered me efficient service one day when she was out for a walk, aud I inquired her name." She then proceeded to explain the nature of that service and the accident that had called it forth, and concluded by remarking : "Allow me to say I think that Mon sieur Correlli has shown excellent taste in his choice of a wife. I was charmed with the young lady, and I would like to meet her again. Will you introduce me ?" and she looked eagerly about the room in search of the graceful form and lovely face which she was so desirous of seeing, yet with a decidedly anxious expression in her dark eye3. "Iam very sorry that I cannot comply vith your request," said Mrs Goddard, flushing slightly, "but Edith i3 rather delicate, and the reception, after the Carriage, was such a strain upon her that she fainted and was obliged to retire." That was very unfortunate," 'Mrs Stewart observed, while she searched Her companion's face curiously ; but I trust that I may have the pleasure of meeting her later." "I cannot promise as to thai," madame teplied, " as it is my brother's intention to go abroad as soon as he can complete his arrangements to do so, although no date has been set as yet. But — have you ever met my husband, Mrs Stewart?" she mquired, as that gentleman was seen aPproaching their way at that moment. ' So. I have never had that honor," the lady returned ; then added, with a t'ght laugh : "I feel very much like an "itrader to be here to-night as a stranger t0 ,ny host and hostess." Prry do not be troubled on that ac- wum, madame hastened cordially to reply ; " any friend of my brother would ?e 1 welcome guest, and I am charmed to e made your acquaintance." Thank you," responded the beautiful 9 Jfnnger ; but madame marvelled at the J 'me of white encircling the scarlet lips," m she signalled to her husband and called 9 torn by name : Jl " Gerald !" 19 He glanced up, and both women 19 ®mced the expression of weariness and |9 "Ouble upon his brow. m t, T011 have not been introduced to S "UUB friend, I think," his wife, con- |9 ' Allow me to present Mrs 9 n ®atl— Mrs Stewart, my husband, Mr 19 19 gentleman bowed with all his 9 ooustomed courtesy, but did not fairly |9 S'impse of the lady's face until they |9 Ih assumed an upright position again, IB ;_7ea he found himself looking straight |9 the magnificent eyes of his guest. m As he met them it seemed as if some |9 "ad stabbed him to the heart, so m 80 n and terrible was the shock that he |9 eiPeneiiced. H9 , ohanged an involuntary groan into j|9 .ooogh. but he could not have been more |9 if he had been dead, while he continued to gaze upon her as if fasci nated. " Ha ! he has noticed it also !" said -madame to herself, with a sudden heart- sinking. Then realising that something mmst be done to relieve the awkwardness of the situation, she hastened to observe : " Mrs Stewart has only just arrived — she did not come in season to witness our little drama." Mr Goddard murmured some polite words of regret, but feeling all the while as if he were turning to stone. Mrs Stewart, however, responded in a pleasant vein, and chatted sociably for a 'few moments, when, some other friends joining them, more introductions followed, and 'the conversation became general. Gerald Goddard improved this oppor tunity to slip away ; but his wife, who was covertly watching liis every look and movement, noticed that he walked with .the uncertain step of one who was either blind or intoxicated. A feeling of depression settled upon her— a sense of impending evil, which, try as she would, she could neither for get nor shake off. She began to be very impatient of all the glitter, glare, and gaiety around her, and told herself that she would be heartily glad when the last dance was over, and the last guest had departed. Truly, there is many an aching heart hidden beneath costly raiment, and glit tering jewels , and society is, to a large extent, but a smiling mask in which people hold high revels over the tombs of dead hopes and disappointed ambitions. But fashion and folly must, have their time ; and so, in spite of mada'me's heart ache and weariness, the dancing and mer riment went on, and no one dreamed of the phantom memories and the ghosts from out the past that were stalking about the beautiful rooms of that elegant man sion ; or that its enviable (?) master and mistress were treading on the verge of a volcano which, at -any moment, was liable to burst all bounds and pour forth its furious lava tide to consume them. An hour later Mrs Stewart again sought her hostess and wished her good- night, remarking that circumstances which she could not control compelled her to take an early leave. "Ah! that is unfortunate, far supper will shortly be announced ; cannot you possibly remain to partake of it ?" madame urged, with cordial hospitality. " Thanks, no ; but I am promising my self the pleasure of meeting you again in the near future," Airs Stewart roturned, shooting a searching glance at her hostess ; her language and manner were perfect ; but, for the second time that evening, Anna Goddard noticed the peculiar shading in her words, and a chill that was like a breath from an iceberg went shivering over her. She, however, replied courteously, and then Mrs Stewart swept from the room upon the arm of her attendant. ! Many earnest and curious glances fol lowed the stately couple, for the lady was reported to be immensely rich, while it had also been whispered that the gentle man attending her — a distinguished artist — had long been a suitor for her hand ; but, for some reason best known to her self, the lady had thus far turned a deaf ear to his entreaties, although it was evident that she regarded him with the greatest esteem, if not with sentiments of a tenderer nature. After passing through the covered walk leading to tho house, the two separated — the gentleman to attend to having their carriage called, the lady to go upstairs for her wraps. As she was about to enter the dressing- room to get them, a picture hanging be tween two windows at the end of the hall attracted her eye. " Ah 1" she exclaimed, catching her breath sharply, and moving swiftly to ward it, she seemed to forget everything, and stood, with clasped hands and heaving bosom, spellbound before it. It represented a portion of an old Roman wall — a marvellously picturesque bit of scenery, with climbing vines that seemed to cling to the grey stones . lovingly, as if to conceal their irregular lines and other ravages which time and the elements had made upon them ; while here and there, growing out from its crevices, were clusters of delicate maiden-hair fern, the bright green of which contrasted beautifully, with the weather-beaten wall, and the darker, richer coloring of the vines. Just underneath, paitly in the shadow of the wall, . there sat, upon a rustic bench, a beautiful Italian girl, dressed in the costume of her country, while at her feet reclined her lover, his hat lying on the grass beside him, his handsome face upturned to the maiden, whom it wa? evi dent he adored. It was a charming picture, very artistic, and finely executed, while the subject was one that appealed strongly to the ten- derest sentiments of the human heart. Gut the face of the woman who was gazing upon it was deathly white. She was motionless as a statue, and seemed to have forgotten time, place, and her sur roundings, as she drank in with her won derful eyes the scene before her. " It is the wall upon the Appian Way in Rome," she breathed at last, with a long-drawn sigh. .''You are right, madame," responded a voice close at hand, the sound of which caused the woman to press her clasped hands hard upon her heaving bosom, though she gave no other sign of being The next moment she turned and faced the speaker. It was Gerald Goddard, "I heard no one approaching — I thought I was alone," she said, as she lifted tho36 wonderful eyes of hers to his. He shrank from her glance a3 under a lightning flash that had burst upon him unawares. But quickly recovering himself, he courteously remarked : . "Pardon me— I trust I have not startled you." . , "Only momentarily,' she replied; then added, " I was admiring this paint- incr it is very lovely and — most faithfully portrays the scene from which it was copieu. . . ,, ,, "Ah! you recognise the- — the locality ?" \ "Perfectly." - " You— you have been in— Rome ' the man faltered. MOh, yes.".. - - — "Recently?" ' , . , ., There was a sort of breathless intensity about the man as he asked this question. "No ; I was in Rome — m the year 18Atthis response, G erald Goda.r411" " nut out his hand and laid it uDon the balustrade, near which he was standing while he gazed spellbound into the proud, beautiful face before him, searching it with wild, eager eyes. After a moment he partially recovered himself, and remarked : . "Is it possible ? I myself was m Rome durin" the same year, and painted this Sure at that time. Were-wereyou w the city long ?" he concluded, in a voice that trembled in spite of himself . v "From January until— until Jun®-_ For the second time that evening M Goddard suppressed a groan with C04 i It-is a singular coincidence, ia it not, that I also was there during those months?" he finally managed to articulate.- " A coincidence ?' ' his companion re peated, with a slight shifting of her shapely bows, a curious gleam in her eyes. Then throwing back her head with an air of defiance which was intensified by the glitter of those magnificent stones which crowned her lustrous hair, and with a peculiar cadence ringing through her tones, she observed : " Rome is a lovely city — do you not think so ? And, as it happened, I resided in a delightful portion of it. Possibly, you may remem ber the locality. It was a charming little house, with beautiful trees — oleander, orange and fig — growing all around the spacious court. This pretty ideal home was Number 30, Via Nationale." The wretched man stared helplessly at her for one brief moment when she had concluded, then a cry of despair burst from him. " Oh, God ! I knew it 1 You — you arc Isabel !" "Yes." " Then yon were not — you did not — " " Die ? No," was the brief response ; but the beautiful eyes looking so steadily into his seemed to burn into his very soul. A mighty shudder shook Gerald God dard from head to foot a3 he reeled back ward and leaned against the wall for support. " Oh, God 1" he cried again, in a voice of agony , then his head dropped heavily upon his breast. His companion gazed silently upon him for a minute ; then, turning, she brushed by him without a word and went on into the dressing-room for her wraps. Presently she came forth again, en veloped from head to foot in a long garment richly lined with fur, the scarlet lining of the hood contrasting beautifully with the clear, flawless complexion and her brown eyes. Gerald Goddard still stood where she had left him. She would have passed him without a word, but he put out a trembling hand to detain her. " Isabell" he faltered. "Mrs Stewart, if you please," she corrected, in a cold proud tone. " Ha ! you have married again !" He exclaimed with a start, while he searched her face with a despairing look. "Married again ?" she repeated, with curling lips. "I have not so perjured myself." " But — but — " " Yes, 1 know what you would say," she interposed with a proud little gesture ; " nevertheless, I claim the matron's title, and ' Stewart' was my mother's maiden name," and she was about to pass on again. " Stay !" said the man, nervously. " I — 1 must see you again— I must talk further with you." " Very well," the lady coldly returned, "and I also have some things which I wish to say to you. ' 1 shall be at the Copely Square Hotel on Thursday after noon. I will see you as early as you choose to call." 'Then, with an air of grave dignity, she passed on, down the stairs, without cast ing one backward glance at him. The man leaned over the balustrade and watched her. She moved like a queen. In the hall below she was joined by her attendant, whom she welcomed with a ravishing smile, and the next moment they had passed out of the house to gether. " Heavens ! and I deserted that woman for — -a virago '"Gerald Goddard muttered, hoarsely as he strode, white and wretched, to his room. CHAPTER XXIV. " YOH SHALL NEVER WANT FOB A FlUENI)." Up in the third storey poor Edith lay upon her bed, still in an unconscious state. All the wedding finery had been re moved and carried away, and she lay scarcely less white . than the spotless robe de nuit she wore, her lips blue and pinched, her eyes sunken and closed. A physician sat beside her, his fingers upon her pulse, his eyes gravely fixed upon the beautiful waxen face lying on tho rtillnur Two housemaids, looking frightened and anxious, were seated near him, watching him and the still figure on the bed, but ready to obey whatevor com mand he might issue to them. Every few moments he administered some restorative, and, from time to time, had the hot water bottles changed and replaced at the girl's feet and limbs. This last swoon was the third, of which Emil Correlli had told his sister ; but the pulse had not become so feeble this time, and Doctor Arthur believed it would not be of Isuch long duration as the others. Still, the case was serious enough to make him look very grave and to be very watchful for tho slightest change. After introducing his sister to Mrs Stewart, Emil Correlli slipped away from the scene of gaiety, which had become almost maddening, to him, and mounted to that third storey room to enquire again regarding the condition of the girl he had so wronged. " No better," came the answer, which made him turn cold with dread, and a teriible fear to take possession of his heart. What if Edith should never revive? What if she should die in one of theBe dreadful swoons ? His s";ltv eonscienc 1 iVat he would have been her murderer. Ho could not endure the thought, and, slinking away to his own room, he drank deeply "to stupefy himself, and then went to bed. Gerald Goddard also was strangely exercised over the fair girl's condition, and half an hour after his interview with Mrs Stewart he crept fprtli from his room again and went to see if there had been any change in her condition. " Yes," Doctor Arthur told him, " she is coming out of it, ancl, if another does not follow, she will come around all right in time. If you could only find that Housekeeper,' he added; "she must have good care through the night." "I will go for her again," said Mr Goddard. and then lie started downstairs upon his quest. He metthe woman on the second floor and just coming up the back stairs. _" Ah 1 Mrs Weld, I »iu glad to find you. 'We have needed you sadly, he eagerly- ax<daimod. _ "I am sorry," the woman replied, m a regretful tone. "I was unavoidably engaged and came j118 as soon as I was at liberty. What is this I hear?' she continued, gravely ; " what is tliis story about the poor child being cheated into a real marriage with madame s brother ? Is it true I , " Hush ! no one must hear such a version," said Mr Goddard, looking an xiously about him. He then proceeded to explain some thing of the matter, for he saw that she knew too much to keep still, unless she was told more, and cautioned not to dis cuss the matter with the servants. "I knew nothing of the plot until it waB all over — I swear to you I. did not, he said, when she begnn to express her indignation at the affair, " I never would have permitted anything of the kind to have been carried out in ray house, if I had suspected it. It seem3 that Correlli has been growing fond of her ever since he came. She has refused him twice, but he swore that he would have her, in spite of everything, and it seems that he con cocted this plot to accomplish his end." " Well, sir. he is a dastardly villain, and, in my opinion, his sister is no better than himself," Mrs Weld exclaimed, in tones of hot indignation, and then she swept past him and on up to Edith's room.. x She opened the door and entered just as the poor girl heaved a long sigh and unclosed her eyes, looking about with complete consciousness for tho first time since she fell to the floor in the parlor below. The physician immediately adminis tered a stimulant, for she was naturally weak and her pulses still feeble. As this began to take effect memory also resumed its torturing work. Lifting her eyes to the housekeeper, who went at once to her side, a spasm of agony convulsed her heantiful features. " Oh, Mrs Weld 1" she moaned, shi vering from head to foot " Hush, child !" said the woman, bend ing over her and laying a gentle hand upon her head ; "it will all come right, so just shut your eyes and try to go to sleep. I am going to stay with yon to night, and nobody else Bhall come near you. Don't talk before the servants," she added, in a swift whisper close to her ear. An expression of intense relief swept over the fair sufferer's face at this friendly assurance, and, lifting a grateful look to the housekeeper's face, she set tled herself contentedly upon her pillow. Doctor Arthur then drew Mrs Weld to the opposite side of the room, where he gave her directions for the night and what to do in case the fainting should return— which, however, he said he did not anticipate, as the action of the heart had become normal and the circulation more natural. A little later he took his leave, after which the housemaids were dismissed and Edith was alone with her friend. When the d' or closed after them the girl stretched forth her hands with a ges ture of helpless appeal to the woman. " Oh, Mrs Weld," she wailed, " must I be bound to that wretch during the re mainder of my life ? I cannot live and bear such a fate ! Oh, what a shameful mockery it was ! I felt, all the time, as if I were committing a sacrilege, and yet I never dreamed that I was being used so treacherously " The housekeeper sat down beside the excited girl, whose eyes were burning with a feverish light, and who showed symptoms of returning hysteria. She removed her spectacles, and, taking both of those trembling hands in hers, looked steadily into the troubled eyes. "My child,'! she said, in a gentle, soothing tone, "you must not talk about it to-night — you must not even think about it. I have told you that it will all come out right ; no man could hold you to such a marriage — no court would hold you bound when once it was understood liow fraudulently you had been drawn into it." " But who is going to be able to prove that it was fraudulent?" questioned Edith, with increasing anxiety. " Appa rently I went to the altar with that man of my own free will ; with all the sem blance of siucerity I took those marriage vows upon mo and then received the con gratulations of those guests as if I were a real wife. Oh, it was terrible ! terrible 1 terrible !" and her voice arose almost to a shriek of agony as she concluded. " Hush ! not another word ! Edith, look at me 1" commanded Mrs Weld, with gentle but impressive authority. The young girl, awed to silence in spite of her grief and nervous excitement, looked wonderingly up into those mag netic eyes which almost seemed to betray a dual nature. "Oh, my dear Mrs Weld, you do not seem at all like yourself," she gasped. " What — who are you ?" " I am your friend, my dear," was the soothing response, "and I am goiug to prove it: first bv forbidding you to refer to this subject again until you have had a nice, long sleep. Trust me and obey me, dear ; I am going to stand by you as long as you need a friend, and 1 promise you- that you shall never be a slave to the man who has so wronged you to-night. Now put it all out of your mind. 1 do not want to give you an opiate if I can avoid it, for you'would not be so well to morrow after taking it ; butY'shall have to if you keep up this excitement." She continued to hold the girl's trem bling hands in a strong, protecting clasp, while she still gazed steadily, into her eyes, until, as if overcome by a will stronger than her own — her physical strength being well nigh exhausted — the white lid3 gradually drooped, the rigid form relaxed, the lines smoothed them selves out of her brow, and she was soon sleeping quietly and restfully. When" her regular breathing assured the watcher beside her. that oblivion had sealed her senses for a time, she bent over her,, touched her lips softly to her forehead, and murmured : "Dear heart, they shall never hold you to that wicked ceremony — to that unholybond ! If the law will not cancel it, if they have sprang the trap upon you so cunningly that the court cannot free you, they shall at least leave you in peace and virtually free, and you shall never want for a friend as long as — as — Ger- ;rude Weld lives." she concluded, a pecu- lar smue„wreauiili»5 «- — While this strange woman sat in that third storey room and watched her sleep ing patient, the hours sped by on rapid wings to the merry dancers below, very few of whom concerned- themselves about, or even knew of, the tragic ending of the marriage which they had witnessed earlier in the evening. But, oh, how heavily these hours dragged to one among that smiling tlwong 1 Anna Goddard could scarcely control her impatience for her guests to he gone — for the terrible farce to end. How terrible it all was to her not one of the gay people around her could sus pect, for she was obliged to fawn and smile as it she were m morougn sym pathy with the scene, and to attend to her dutieB as hostess and to all the petty details required by so-called etiquaW0, order co preserve tho prestige which- sne had acquired for entertaining hand somely. But there was a deadly fear at her heart— an agony of apprehension, a dread of a fate which, to her, would have been worse than death. Her husband and brother had dis appeared entirely from the ballroom, a circumstance which only added to her perplexity and distress. When she saw signs of the ball break ing up she sent an imperative message to her husband to join her, for she knew that it would cause unpleasant remarks if the master of the house should fail to put in an appearance to " speed the parting guest." But she almost wished, when he came to her side, that she had not sent for him, for he seemed like one who had lost his hold -upon every hope in the world, and looked so cold upon her that she would rather have had him plunge a dag ger-in her heart. But the weary evening was over at length— the -last guest from outside was gone— the last visitor' in the house had retired. Her husband also had watched his opportunity, when she was looking an other way, and had slipped out of the room and upstairs to escape having any complaintB or questions from her And so Anna Goddard stood alono in her elegant drawingroom, a most miser able woman, in spite of the luxury that surrounded her. She had everything that heart 'could wish of this world's goods — a beautiful home in the city, another in the country, horses, carriages, servants, fine raiment, costly jewels, and fared sumptuously evory day. But her heart was like a sepulchre, full of corruption that had tainted her whole life ; and now, as she stood there beneath the glare of a hundred lights, sofair to look upon in her gleaming satins and flashing jewels, it seemed to her that she would gladly exchange places with the humblest countrywoman if thoroby she could be at peace with herself and with God, and bo the centre of a loving and loyal family, happy in the performance of her simple duties as a wife and mother. And this is a picture of but one among thousands of those who, to-day, are ap parently being wafted, by favoring winds, beneath cloudless skies, along the top most wave of that sea known as fashion able society, but who carry an undying worm of discontent in their hearts — of restlessness and longing that they will never attain, because of the idle, useless, and selfish lives they lead. But those who live outside the pale of this gilded circle look upon it as a charmed existence and sigh for it, despis ing the simple and peaceful paths they tread, but who would shrink back appalled could they peep behind the scenes and realise the truth. Finally, with a weary sigh, tho unhappy woman went slowly up stairs, feeling as if, in spite of the smiles and compliments which she had that evening received, she had not a real friend in the world. Going to her dressing-case, she began to remove her jewels. The house was very still —so still that it almost seemed deserted, and this feeling only served to add to the sense of loneli ness and desolation that was oppressing her. Her face was full of pain, her beautiful lips quivering with suppressed emotion as Bhe gathered up her costly treasures in both hands and stood looking, at them a moment, thinking bitterly how much money they represented, aud yet how little real value they were to her as an essential element in her life. "Tho diamonds are like cryst-alizod tears — the rub'es like congealed drops of blood," she murmured, with a slight shiver, as she moved towards her casket to put them carofully away. She removed tho velvet-lined trays, thus revealing at the bottom the cushion, with its places for the tiara, necklace; and other pieces of the set. She stood looking down into the box: for a minute, then, as if impelled by some irresistible impulse, she laid the priceless stones all in a heap on the table, when, taking hold of a loop, which had escaped the housekeeper's notice, she lifted the cushion from its place, thus revealing the papers which had been concealed beneath it. She seized the uppermost one with an eager hand. "I believe I will destroy it," she mused. " I am afraid there is something more in his desire to possess it than ho is willing to admit, for he is so' "determined to get possession of it." ' . ' She half unfolded the document as if to examine it, when a sudden shock went quivering through her frame and a look of amazement overspread her face. " What can this mean?" she exclaimed, in a tone of alarm, as she dashed it upon tho floor and seized anothor. This also proved disappointing. " It was here the last time I iooked ! I am sure 1 left it on top of: the; others !" she muttered, -with white lips, as,. with trembling hands and heaving bosom, sho overturned everything ' in search of tho missing document. But the most rigid examination: failed to reveal it, and, with a cry of mingled agony and anger, she sank : weak and trembling npon the nearest chair. " It is- gone '"she whispered, hoarsely ; " someone has stolen1 it !'' She sat there: looking ; utterly ;helpless and wretchedrfor. a few moments. Then her eyos began to - blaze- and lier lips twitch spasmodically: ' He has done this !" she cried, starting to her feet once more; " Ho told" me he would have it, i and he has been prowling around among my things until he finally discovered" its - hiding-place. That was why lie was absent so long from the ball room to-night." Seizing the papers r she had removed from the box, sho hastily, replaced them, -also the cushion, restoring, tho jewels to their places, after which sho shut, and locked the casket; taking care to romove the key from its lock. This done, she hurried from the room, looking more like a beautiful fiend -than a woman. (To be Continued.) 