A WJFE-2UHTIN& ADVJSNTUBE. He m a good-looking, smart young " nun of about twenty-fire, who was evidently laboring trader strong bat sup pressed emotion. "It m this way," ho "W quickly, like a man who brings out a statement strongly against the grain. " Miss Harvard and X hare known each other from childhood. We have always been engaged insort of way, and a year ago she finally consented to become my bride. Her mother also consented, and it was arranged that ire should be married when Uariob—Miss Harvard was nineteen, which she will be >n another two months." Be paused, but 1 said nothing. Experience haa taught me that when a client is proceeding very much to the point, the best course is to gire him his head. " About three months ago,' 1 he con> tinned, "Mrs Harvard began to talk a good deal about the unwisdom of boy and girl marriages, and then in a very ghost time she told me one day that she bad decided to withdraw her consent to the engagement. She talked a lot of rot about it on the high- falutin table—the true happiness of her child, and the higher course, and that sort of thing—but I know as well as possible that her motives were mean mercenary ones." "A. moment," I said. *'Your own means were no doubt well known to her." "Yes, I am well to do, that's what I am. I have a small capital which brings me in three hundred a year ; and I have a atookbroking business, which I hare worked at steadily for three years, and which in this last year has brought mo a dear profit ol two hundred pounds. It promises well, and might lead to a fortune Sirs Harvard is a widow on an officer's pension. When the dies, her daughter will be almost penniless. I -don't care a bit about that. 1 love the girl. She is a sweet girl, and as pretty as an angel; bnt I will spare you that. Moreover, 1 was perfectly willing that the mother should live with us when we were married, and she would have benefited considerably by the arrangement. In fact, she was delighted until " "Until the richer man came on the soene," 1 struck in. " Yes, that's it — thpngh how you messed it beats me. Do yon know who nets?" *' Not until you tell me," I replied, smiling at his amazement at so easy a guess. -—supercilious beast of a German—talks laigely about his estates in Silesia, which 1 believe are of the same character as castles in Spain. He calls himself Count von Thoning. Ho turdSS up shortly before Mrs Harvard (jave me the cold shoulder, and he has been continually at the house ever sinoc. Marion tells me that her mother is doing all she can to force her to marry him, and that her life is rendered miserable in consequence." " What do you wish me to do J" " I want to prevent Miss Harvard from marrying the Count." "Elope with her, I should suggest. Xhat would settle the question at once." I was getting a little tired of this love- . story, for I could not see that it led in any way to business for me. « "Ah, but she is not that land of girl. I believe she loves me devotedly, bnt she has aush a strong sense of duty that she won't many me without her mother's consent, and I fear "—his fine went qnite white as he paused—" What I want yon to do is to prove that the-Count is no Count, but a swindler and impostor." " That is a large order. Have you any grounds for the idea ?'' "No, none, except that he looks an ntter scoundrel—and—well—an odd thing —1 have travelled in Germany, and come across German officers, and have always been much amused at the way they bow, clicking their heels together and bending nearly double. K 0w I have noticed that the Count does not bow in this way. He nods, and moves a leg like a clumsy Englishman. Vet if he is a Silesian Count, he must have served in the German army, and learnt tVipjr ways." • -I attached no importance to his first reason. That, of course, was mere jealousy. There was more in the second; but then perhaps this Count had a passion for imitating English habita. I elicited from my visitor, Mr Lewis Halton, that both his own family and the me in which he was interested, lived in the neighborhood of Kingston. He came OP every day to his business. The Count, aooording to his own statement, had been "filing » fashionable address in the West End. but had Utterly removed to a kotel at Kingston-no doubt attracted bj the charms of Miss Harvard. Mr Halton believed that the acquaintance had been made at Eastburne iu the summer. "Is It possible," I inouired, " that this Count may believe that In marrying Miss Harvard he would bo marrying money 1" „ "By Jove, 1 never thought of that. Well, he might. V ou see Mrs Harvard is very comfortably off now, and she is great at keeping UJ1 appearances. She bar always calculated tiiat her daughter would many, and ff Has ni&dc; DO ATTEMPT at saving for her. i should doubt if anyone in U»e place besides Ueraeltknew that faer income dies * iih ] ll!ri and ten to ono she has not told him.'' But then, on 1 li 1 utUtr hand, it might be that the Count was really rich, and as disinterestedly ^ in love with the pretty gin »s Mr Halton himself. Still it was dearly not my business to act as advocate for the other side. I went down to Kingston with Mr Halton to take a look at the Count. Chance favored me, and we ssw him. "You did not tell me he limped," I Mid. "Limped. I never noticod it I see now. Do you call that a limp ? It seems to me rather as if the leg were a little e^a^ w^lMdJMr Halton. "What do you " I am not one of those marvellous beings mho can tell you the whole of a man's past life by simply looking at him," lanswereS. AM soon as I got"back to town I started off to the Germsn Embaasy, ^ inquired of an nrnfimiingly courteous official whether thenSilesian noble named Count von Tkonltw^SAlter references to • book hp replied ttiat there was., ."Are you aware whotbor he is in Eng. Isnd at the present time J" . " Ho. We have no information," suppose that if he were,*it would be known hsts f* "WsB, not for certain. You see it Upends whbthfer he calls, and if he were tnly over for ffShort time, or only a short 'ime in London, be might not." t thanked. him and departed, feeling -hat the balance of what I had learnt was decidedly In favor of the Count. SuU, there was that other piece of evidence, and so I went straight to the -Ashionable address. The house proved "» be a pile of most expensive fiats. Keslly, a man must have money to live there. I tang the bell for the porter, but no one replied. 1 rang again, and after some time a slatternly girl came up the stairs. " Count von Thoning lived here, didn't he!'' I began.. "No." "Perhaps you have -not been here long enough to remember himf 1 I said, feeling more cheerful. "Oh, I remember him," she stud, with disdain. "Only 'e didn't live 'ere. 'E 'ad 'ia letters tobk in." I went away feeling that I had scored one big tries in the game. I had convicted the Count of one piece of impos turc ; why not of another f 1 resolved on a bold stroke. £ went back to the German Embassy, obtained a second interview, and explained my case in fall to the courteous official. 4 ' Can you give me Count von Thoning'a address," 1 concluded, "BO that I may wire and settle this question whether he is in England or not " Do you read German f' "No." • "That's a pity. But, however, I will read to yon. pit book," he said, taking op a squat, fat volume, "is the second volume of the A 1 """ 1 * de Sotha, and gives details about all the Counts of the German Empme,induding their addresses. It says that the Count von Thoning is a very old Silesian noble with large estates —lives at ScUoss Thoningstein—is aged fifty-seven." 1 "No, my man is not more than thirty." " Wait. He has been twice married; by the first wife he had only daughters. You observe that if he hadason, that son would be also a Count—yes, he had a son by the second marriage. Count Frederick von Thoning, whudi might be abbreviated to Count von Thoning here, but 1 see that this son is only eleven years old." While he continued in this drawling strain I went np and down on a perfect switchback of emotion, and when he finished I felt as if I had readied the safe haven of solid foot _' Then my man is sn impostor I" I said triumphantly. " I really fear that he has no right to style himself Count von Thoning," stud my diplomatist diplomatically. ' Should you have any objection to certify that fact r " I should have no objection to certify that the Almanack de Goths states that the only two members of the von Thoning family who have the right to the title of Count are aged fifty-seven and eleven —if that will meet your views." Armed with this document, I wired to Mr. Halton, made an appointment with him, and met him the next day at Kingston in the afternoon. When I told him my news, he was nearly frantic with horror at the thought that his beloved Miss Harvard should have been exposed to the contamination of the impostor's presence, and secondly at the scandal which the exposure would cause. " I think 1 can avert the latter," I said. After some thought I concocted the following letter. "'One who is acquainted with the circumstances of the von Thoning family, and also with the seminary where the act of dragging the leg is taught, advises the Face Card that Kingston is not a healthy place for holidays. Another term at school must result and the leg beoome stiffer." I delivered this in persori at the Count's hotel, sending in the message that it was left by * gentleman from Scotland Yard.- It proved effective, for the Count was never seen again in Kingston, and I beard subsequently that be left hurriedly that same evening. Mrs. Harvard, being a sensible woman, was only too glad to cover up the Count's defection by announcing her daughter's engagement to Mr Halton. " 1 can't make out why he diould have gone off in such a hurry," said the latter to me as he banded over, a handsome cheque. "You certainly managed that like a magician." I repeated the words of my letter. Yes, but I don't understand at alL What does it mean f ' Why, (hat when I first saw him I noticed that he walked with the peculiar gait which convicts acquire by -wagging at the chain. I allndpd to that in my letter, implied that if he stayed in Kingston he might have to go bade to the chain, and suggested that inquiries were being made about him at Scotland Yard. Also. I called him the Face-Card, which is extxa to the pack, and does not come into play. If he had not been a convict and a sham he would not have understood —like you—aa it was, you see, he bolted at onoe. It was just a game of blufl^ and I won." 