GLEANINGS. fhe latest emi.lovment tor women cona-sts ln p]avirLg music to invalids. It would seem to have been suggested bv the fact chat music did much to soothe the last hours has been of .Mr. taken Qladsioue. UD in America, The and emplovment it is s.iid that manv women with musical abilities are earning something in this way. Mrs. Clara Benc-k Colby is the first woman in the United States to receive a war ..... correspondent's pats} t?he is founder, Editor, mid rietor of "The Woman's Tribune," published in Washington. In the interest of Uie paper she went to the front, accompanying her husband, who is a brigadier-general. Mrs. Colbv was professor at one tiime of Latin and Histoiy in the University at Wisconsin, and she has studied law Ihe Countess of Aberdeen is said to be, regarqtess of wealth, quite the best lady speaker. She has made innumerable speeches during her residence in Canajda as the wife of the Governor-General. A high compliment has been lately paid to her in the presentation of a silver dinner service from the two Houses of the Canadian Parliament, in recognition of tlie fact that both in "word and deed" Her Excellency*has rendered good service to every form of philanthropic work in'Canada. The widow of Robert Louis Stevenson is described, by one who met her recently, as follows:—"Her eyes are like black velvet, sombre, inscrutable fathoipless. Her face is the face of a sphinx; her nose is straight and Oriental, there is the ghost of a dimple in her pale cheek. Her hair is as black as her eyes, thickly flecked with silver, cut short, falling in curls about her neck, and growing low about the temples, .she is composed, intense, repressed in manner: she makes no gestures, she sits in a large chair, both hands (loaded with barbaric rings) resting lightly on her arms. Her very attitude, again, suggests the sphinx crouching in the desert. A good story is told of two sisters who went a-wheeliiig on a circular tour of three days' duration. They called upon a friend about lunch-time, and at the dinner-hour found themselves at the house'of another friend, whose invitation to remain the nightwas accepted. Next morning they resumed their journey, and singularly enough their arrival at other friends' residences was coincident with the serving of lunch, or dinner, or tea. Another bed and breakfast followed, and when they reached home their tpur had cost them exactly sixpence. Thev were questioned closely as to the specific pm-pose to which thalt sum was applied. Threepence, it appears, was expended in buns, and the balance was bestowed as a gratuity upon a, gentleman "on the inad," who loudly pumped up a deflated tire. ^ . . „ , The Empress of Germarfy is an excellent horsewoman, but recently she had a strong dtsire to ride the bicycle. This the Kaiser would 011 no account permit, for he considered it would lie undignified for a woman 111 her position to cycle. 3"o make up for this denial, however, he lias just presented her'with a splendid schooner yacht, the Id una. Although its fittings were very beautiful, tlie Emperor had the yacht redecorated iu the Empress's favourite blue and white. On the Iduna the Empress is absolute mistress. Her crew wear white unifenrs w\th blue bars. Tinder the eye of a sailing luaster, the Empress, though not very fend of the sea, is studying to steer the yacht, and to direct the handling of the sails. The social side of yachting, however, the giving of dinners and lunches, has proved far more congenial to her, so far. At a recent public function the attention of a lady guest was drawn to the roseate cheeks of one of the young matrons. "Hasn't she a lovely complexion?" said the admirer. "Her cheeks are certainly red," , admitted the lady guest- "And yet I am , sure she never uses a bit of rouge," -persisted the admirer. "Yet it is a suspiciously high colour," quoth tlie doubtful guest. So she resolved to approach as closely as i>ossibIe to the red cheeks, and try and discover the cause of their glowing suffusion. Pretty soon her opportunity came. She noticed the skin was peculiarly drawn up and puckered in two geometrically correct circles, and it came to her in a flash that she knew the cause. Tlie young woman bad put small mustard plasters on her cheeks to redden them, aud in this particular case she had left them on too long. A story is told of tlie Princess Louise's visit to the Bermudas. These islands belon; to Great Britain. The islanders determinec. to give her a reception, and both rich and pcor made ready to do her honour. One day she was out sketching—for, like the Queen and the rest of the daughters, she is fond of sketching. She was thirsty, and called at a cottage door for water. The good woman of the house was busy, and refused to go for the water. She, of course, did not know who the Princess was. She was busy ironing. She was ironing a shirt for hei- husband to wear at tihe reception of the Queen's daughter, she said. Oh, no! she could not leave that to get water for anybody. "If you will get me the water," said the Princess, "I will finish ironing the shirt while you are gone." So the Princess ironed the shirt while the woman fetched the water. _ > 