? Rev: E. J.'Gough, 4fcrA,,' R«ctor \- of St-teaul'fis IMndefc) ' - , - Sitting in the midst of the doctors.-.-St. * 3Wfce.il.; ** , & "Sitting la the midst ofthe Scfctork:'; We must be careful, |n ^hsideri^i^ii; 6bte Incident of our Messed^^i^l&q;^-' brood; to%eep strictly wIHiintheUmlfs of Wfeat' is" actually--written in tfcfi^sGo^pfcls.i Christian -sentiment. Christian art,- and; commonly Tsu&oepted; inottons-ai-e not^al-'. Tvays qnitet true, guide v To foeginwith, that Jjesus should .be fohnd.thus fitting among the doctors wasnotlhitself any- 1 thing: unusual, but quite custoniaiy and a matter of course. Round 1 the sacred precincts of .the temple were chambers where thte ;Rabbis sat for this'purpose',, and to these the Jewish lads, -who "came up to keep the Passover, resorted, to.be catechised and instructed In; the law and - the holy scriptures.. Jesus, therefore., WENT THERE,JUST AS THE OTHER ' • : BOXS • • " - .. of His own age .did,.Nor, again, when there, are we to picture Him as acting in an unusual way. He.assumed no^ extraordinary-attitude as a teacher, among the' Rabbis, as some' pictures have represented' Him; He : behaved in no way differently from; the rest—at ' any rate, there is-not a word , in ,i St. Iiuketo •warrant the assumption that He did so. "Sitting in the midst of thedoctors, hearing -them, and. asking them questions"—' that is wfliat the gospel record isays. ""Hearing them;" that is,. listening "like . the rest, respectfully and as a pupil, to their instructions. Nor is there anything unusual in.-the expression, : "ASKING THEM QUESTIONS." All the Jewish.schoiiars^wfireiih-vlted to .iittem)gate.-..tbdr.;:'.te.f^Iiei^' as to the meaning of Scripture, or : of. the inany and varied religious observations..enjoined upon them. . - > And now, regarding this incident In Its true bearings, we shall find some great lessons deductible from it for our learning and for our comfort. And in the forefront this—the relation in which this true and real manhood of Jesus Christ stands to our own in regard to matters of the mind and intellect. What perfect sympathy with all our mental infirmities and intellectual perplexities, all our difficulties and dangers in arriving at certain knowledge and secure belief, can He feel for us,-who can look back to those years in Galilee and Jerusalem, when His own human mind was expanding to the apprehension of Divine Truth, and when. He, as Boy-and Man, was working His way, as we have to work ours, to full creaturely intelligence? He knows,- therefore, the many by-paths along that way of truth, the many seductive voices that would lead our minds astray to the right or to the left; He is "touched with the feelings of our infirmities," mental as well as bodily. He has infinite patience, therefore, with doubters, whose doubts are honest, and whose hearts are humble; only remember, they must be that. With the doubt that does not doubt itself, which has pride behind it and pride within it, Christ can have no sympathy; for of all human souls His was the most absolutely humble. "Learn of Me; I ami meek and lowly in heart." But, secondly, WE LEARN FROM OUR LORD'S TRUE BOYHOOD AND MENTAL GROWTH in what manner and by what means all such growth must be attained. What a lesson, first of all, as to the necessity of study, and mental effort and earnest use of the faculties with which God has endowed us each! A lesson, surely, for the young. Schoolboys may learn from this Boy in the Jewish school ^diligence in study, earnest endeavor to acquire all useful knowledge, the serious responsibility of these youthful days of preparation for life here and hereafter. Ay, and older persons, too, may well consider whether they really use sufficiently their intellectual powers in the study of the things of God'. This is a day of cheap knowledge, cbmpendiums of news, litez-ature light indeed and abundant; but on how many tables does one find a theological book, or a treatise on some church doctrine? .Opinions are hastily formed on the most serious subjects, and as hastily given, with no real - or prayerful study-^these are the order, of the day. • Again, it is sureiy significant that THE BASIS OF THAT "ONJ3ER- . STANDING" .was the knowledge .of Holy Scripture. Like 33inpth& later, "froma child Hj^hiid known fee Holy Scriptures." in those quiet days at Nazareth: He had learned ' from Mary's lips the sacred writings; the Pentateuch, -the psalms, the prophets; it was His knowledge and "understanding" of these that "astonished the doctors; but He attained tHht knowledge by study as a Boy in the village home and.the village school.. And it is remarkable that in His temptation in the wilderness He met and conquered the Tempter altogether with "the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God;"- that in His dying hour on the cross the Severi last worts are almost entirely quotations from the psalms. It was by his knowledge of prophecy that He underetood, in the three years of His public. life, the plot ever thickening around Him/and how the will of God, which He ever sought to do and bear, is bound up with its accomplishment: "The Scripture must be fulfilled"—again and again He reiterates it; and by His knowledge of Holy Scripture it is that, after the resurrection, He can "begin at Moses and all the prophets," and expound to the perplexed disciples the "things concerning Himself." THE. VALUE OE THE OLD TESTA- MENT SCRIPTURES. Men nowadays incline to treat lightly these Old Testament Scriptures, to cavil at the date or authorship of a psalm or a prophecy; yet from these the Son of man drew into His human mind "Divine truth and the knowledge of the Divine will. "Search the Scriptures," he saic 1 - "they are they which testify of Me. Might ' we not profit by His experience and by His advice? Is it not-a warning to" teachers to give to instruction in the iHoly Scriptures the first place in their system of education, and to parents that they send their children to schools where this is done? * But, again, we have in the Holy Child an example of the capacity with which a-sinless nature can assimilate Divine truth. Truly '-.•• THE SECRET OP HIS WONDERFUL • "UNDERSTANDING" lay very largely in the fact that while in His. iiuman- ^nature-He" was in all points, mental "as well as bodilv, even as we are-yet^Hewas wiufly "without sin. Between that< I «Boy and God there was never the smallest , shadow. Never did He lay His head on the pillow at night with-the prick of conscience at the remembrance of a lie told during the day, or-a word of passion, or an act .of. disobedience or. impurity. The, conscience was" clear, the'sbul and ^body -clean and white, and go the; mind aaid hea r t Jay like a translucent mirror under tVie revelation of God. Between Gbd's will and ®iflPBoSrfi"4Jiere was absolutely no diver, genes. 'T come to do Thy will, O God;' it was the sulg of Hls Ijoyhoodas of His later years. 1 And ?6~t"ftat ol&ffing; intelligence to which . • - DIVINE TRU!TH WAS EVER A CONSTANT JOT, God found'.endl^j-avenues by which to reach HS& sinless., human consciousness. Did He in later years teacbiHis disciples what the lilies meant, thelsrass of the field, or this fowls of; the air? "'SHe was but teaching: theni what .He himself had ftparned when He;rbaaned, in His spotless childhood over thes Jiills of Nazareth; God was,: indeed, from infancy onwards, in all Has .thoughts; the" very fount of Godhead lay behind His assumed humanity, and into the expanding iiuman mind poured its:, treasures of grace and truth.- Do we;» men and"-fromen,--learn here, the secret of J»ur dulness in the things of "God, our Indifference and apathy about them? Is this what our blessed Lord meant when he said, "Ye must be ponv$rted, .and becQme as little children;*' and;that ""things hid from the wise and prudent" Tnay 'be"revealed unto babfes?"- -Ah! but you are inclined to say "WK ABE" NOT 1 SINLESS AS HE • WAS; our consciences - are seare3 with the rnjeirrftry.,.-pf, #ns gone , by; our. souls weakened and defiled wiffi pie "burden: and the strain -<Jf sins still present; "our {faartejatad tninds fire "no^mirrors- for the Divine Te^elafion',' or.^if they c ev6r-wereso, those mirrors are' dulled,- and will refloct nothing." I know- it, I-Jmow it, yet I am inclined to repeat the lines of the aid hynxn-^- - .* There is a Fountain filled with bipod,' Drawn from: Emmanuers- veins. TfTe.- are not sinless, but iWe.'tnay "wash* otn- robe6 and nialce them wiiitfe 1 in the", felood of,the Lamb." - Penltenee, time diid Bead confession, realised ^forgiveneps,; these are within our reach,, by God's in-! finite inercy, and it is tbpse who Jfepe tmder tWa ctttMtanfc deiwplfbg -who will kegptbemi^qy oftbe ^Aright tore- PW's teoag? aaH.G^ tt^i. "feet, "-we must*emember this, that v > J NOT BT MERE SXnSADTy^OS-i rIOENCE OB HUMAN anbthfir faculty-, ofithe •soul,,i-ath er -tban of the-teteliect or the AimPiwhioh we cau i&.^enlM £or tuiderstasdlsgjpi^uu% of In the humatrSml of Jesus this Spiritual' faculty ^dwelt. tt'^F&s; thijs-that made the sights aiid Bounds of nature, on the Bp ft unlajnds and quiet valleys of OaUlee, full of the ihopghts of God, and drew His human'sojil into the contemplation of that unseen ^orld'iiC which His God-: head from all eternity had lived. It was: this that made that -first-visit to Jerusalem and- to the father's house so full of burning interest and holy floy to the Child of Nazareth^and with It there was joined that deep reference of spirit which ever.. characterises 'the souls in Which God is making Himself felt and known. Indeed, that 3>ivine gift dwells in each regenerate souL which God 1 the Holy Ghost has made -His temple; only let us-remember how in one that Divine capacity -becomes enlarged, and in another "seemingly undeveloped. Do we, then, toow * ••'•" WHAT TENDS TO DEVELOP AND these spiritual gifts? Indeed; ! think^ve : do. For what says the apostie ?—"They that are after the flesh do mind the things of the Jttesh, and they-that are after the Spirit the "things of the Spirit;" and -.igain, "The carnal mind is enmity- -against" God." Ease. Iuxui-y self-indulgent modes of life, a mind -en-- grossed solely with business and the cares of this ' transient world — these, given way to, wiir indeed- leave, dormant in the soul its highest powers, will stunt its growth and check its development. On the others hand, it is wonderful how the spiritual xsapaeity of the soul may be trained-by Divine grace, where the flesh is subdued to the Spirit. How intuitive the knowledge "of the Divine will, how clear the insight, into deepest mystery, .bow sure the steps in the path of ,tnith_ (where others con "hai^Iy'see their way), wiiieK' some souls attain' even in this world of uncertainty and doubt' But /-'this kind goeth not out but bv prayer and fasting." It must be so, .surely; for what are His own words?—He Who knew our life W ho was Himself Boy and Man, Who 'Ueamed"—ay, "learned by the things that He suffered." Were they not these? —"Blessed are the pure in heart- for they shall see God." 