Short Story, Lassoing a Lover. By Mrs:<M. 'L. Bayne; ^Within a very short space of time—so dvact that*-,ijp^' S pearahce?—Ihere stob^ a brick builillkg in' tie suburbs of the city-of-Alameda, .which was a waggon shop and arsmithy ^combined. The placeWi mb^e jlMin ja locarrepiitation^ oa^ccoimt offline w r cellence of its work, the smith being especially proficient in his department;? •employing the art of a veterinary, sur-. pyeon in a rude but successful way. Nor jkid he his equal in the country fpr. Jjmtting a shoe on a horse, the most fractious animal , submitting itself to his skilled hand without demonstration. Indeed, his sibilant "P-s-t!'.' whistled through his teeth in an indescribable manner, acted like a charm on the most nnruly equipe spirit. f ^ * ' So SteVe Darner's fojrgejfwais flowing «Fhea „ other! ^etejdark laia. silent, faM lite rivals expressed their dislike for him and his successes in many ways. They sneered at iiiinfora half- ibjfefed and attributed his luck to the "arts of eSvagery. The smith did not care. There was only one thing on earth for which he did ciire—that was his beautiful daughter Pauline, the stately girl ,who would have graced the most refined borne in the State, but who had returned •from school with no higher ainbition than to serve in her father's kitchen. : ^here was little else to the whole abode, nave loft above, but it was as neat and <lainty as loving hands could make it. None of the neighbouring houses had such quaint decorations. The wings of <bright-plumaged birds crossed on the walls. Bow and arrows tied with strings of .wampum. Moccasins of soft skius, embroidered in rare patterns with manycoloured beads, unlike, any work done by skilled American hands. For why ? 3?aul.ine Damer was the daughter of an Indian princess, and Inherited her right to do such work, for her instincts were those of her mother's picturesque people, the Tulticas, whose name means " art" nhd who are 'neither nomads nor- idolaters, but a people who are paBtmasters in all the arts and indnstries. When the dark- skinned young wife of Steve Damer died, he went back to civilisation to find himself an alien and his bright-eyed baby squaw, his little woman, an object of impertinent curiosity. " A marriage with a squaw is no marriage at all in the eyes of white law." bald the good people who sustain missions for Christianising the Indians, and itfeey then signified their willingness to receive the child-barbarian as a ward of Che nation. But Steve Damer was loyal to the memory of his dead wife and her people, and refused to part with his Pauline, or give her over even temporarily to the despisers of her mother's race. He did, however, send her to school, where she was treated well, even to the extent of being admired and petted, for two reasons. One was that she was considered r sprig of nobility, however rough and (rude the branch from which she came ; tthe other because phenomenal sums iwere paid for her expenses, and her ifather kept himself out of sight. The (money was her mother's, a heritage her {father used to make her a scholar and a lady, which last she was by birthright . Damer was busy in his. shop, for it was Ir&ce; week, and the horses needed care- >ful preparation for the event on which so many thousands of dollars were staked. Bendemeer had been brought over from San Francisco to have his shoes refitted, und Nauklpoo .,was being shod anew on kll fours, while Sun-of-a-Gun waited his parn. Jockeys and hostlers and. a few Owners accompanied the horses. All the talent was on liand and there, was the kiBual acroibatic betting, the stakes being of unusual Importance. Little Tough had Jwon a jive- furlong race in 1.01,. the fastest time made by a two-year-old, and Sfordaii bad been fouled at the head of jthe stretch. So ,the talk went on until •til had taken their turn and gone, with the exception of one man, an owner who ent his jockey away and lingered to Eave a confidential talk with the smith. "Why doesn't;Harlow Lincoln bring lis chestnut here to be shod ?" was the fart question when they were alone. t "Ask him," answered the smith partly ; he knew his man and did not feel j> twas necessary to be civil. { ! " Have a swallow," said the other with disagreeable smile, extending a handme silver- mounted flask toward the frmfth. " How do I know It ain't fixed asked iDamer suspiciously. " Great Gaesar's ghost, man, have you no common sense ? I want yon to have jail your wits about you if—If Lincoln's fiDelight is to lose the race to-morrow. I • should think you would want to be; even prith him forall his 6mibs and slights/' ' Damer took ia long draught -from the jfiask before answering. The sabtlety of Sbe liquor entered into his heart and ferain. " As 'long as he left liquor alonerfand he knew it for a' fact—he was a decent man'. Wlifen-he "dr^hk'he betiame ligly andmorosfe,' and" easily offended, it was long'stace fctel&sfrspreer; He had promised £anllnfe-rf lia 1 the thon^t/ofiiiw ,acMaeritfed tfce'^rork of . fiqnor. ' i^rlbW'Xinboltf had 'slighted Pauline "^ some ' way. Damer 'did hot • young Jn»pwftopw, ^SKWEroi^ fier' coming f&ere; fondi iSfe attentipnp/an^ she^i^ost admitted tij ^ier ldngamon«jmen,andthen hehadstayed .. lost' f i p r . i , , " ; ? . ; . ^ ; . ;':ir4 Damer beard ..too often the taunting i.-^ceiBpfcA^'hls 'fifp peppfe* ,ff j ; • i -S'-'f * ' f ! ••Tie floods mayvpbar friim jaiiAiiltill sight, Nocwashrthepre^ He liated Liucolnfor not returning his ' J daiighjer^fsjoye,. and. this scheme'to- get" ^ even appealed to his worst nature. Ejrit' row's race,, ancl StfPPlg pie ^animal so iai to prevent^im^roin^pinf od the* track.' To thfe iHrae lifcnour he^liad left! he re-' fused naoney, ,for the crime. He was willing, in his cupis, .to do the dastardly dtebd solel^f^S^eri^e. | j ; STeigi^r )ot Alie .conspirators saw a shadow cross the door-sill and} speed away into the gathering night It was Patdine. .«tho hadfgoue to the smithy, to. walk home with her father, as she often did,"leaving.the sppper ready to;eat on the tablei "''* ' ; , ; j Now she did Hot-go hpme, but straight as ah arrow flies, she sought' the home of Harlow Lincoln. No "blush-of maiden delicacy Stained her olive' cheeli She thought not of herself, but of the two men she loved, her ratner and Harlow Lincoln, who had stolen the sweet possession of her young heart from her.: She knew hbw much he. cherished the . cliestnutv ©elight, ajb.4 tha,t. a fortune awaited him should he Win—and—she would save her father from being .a criminal. *• ^•u • . But Lincoln was away from home. The bachelor menage was closed- and no one about but the man who took care of Delight, and the small jockey who on the morrow was to ride him as he confidently believed to victory. The little jockey had heard of the Indian princess, but had' never seen her, and he was so pleased with her beauty that he at once took her for his mascot, and begged a bit of ribbon to wear as his colours. Together they visited the stable and | Pauline took a look around. i Does some one watch here all night.?" i she asked. | i do," said the jockey proudly ; "I i has mv bed 'Iongside o' Delight, and | locks up, ; and I has pistols, and know | how to shoot" j The girl stood by the favourite who had been watched and admired every I hour of the day, and was as nervous as • a woman. .Pauline touched the silky j skin that shone in a hundred golden 1 lights in the glare of the lantern which i the jockey lighted. It was "beautiful, j but she belonged to a people that do not' love the horse, except as an article of diet But she loved the horse's master. Not that she admitted it to herself. I, as a relater of facts, may state what I know. The native delicacy of her Indian nature was tempered by the reserve of her white blood. Not for worlds would she have given Harlow Lincoln a foretaste of that love which could have made his heaven. She went leaving no message, and much troubled about the course she should pursue. Her father was not at the house, nor did he come later, and at last she could stand the suspense no longer. She determined to go back to the stable and warn the young man if he had returned, and if he were still absent, to caution the little jockey. She waited long after coming to this decision, then taking down from the wall the coil of rawhide that hung there, she hid it under the serape she wore, and sped away, light of foot but heavy of heart, to the rescue of Delight and her father. There all was dark and still, except an occasional stamp of the impatient animal, or a low whinney, and Pauline called in vain for the boy or any attendant, and at last finding a window high up in the stable open, she scaled the wall, and groped her way through the gloom, to a place where she could see the floor below and Delight in his stall, with the jockey sleeping heavily beside him. The little fellow had been drugged, and would not awaken for some hours. Pauline was stricken with a horrible fear of the consequences to her father. She was afraid of him, too, When he had been drinking, and knew he would not listen to reason. What should she do'! Seating herself on a bale of alfalfa she tried to think, when she beard a noise at a side entrance to the building. All the possibilities of the occasion rushed Into her mind like a torrent What if her father did not come, and Harlow Lincoln did ? It might not be necessary for her to incriminate her father, but how then could she account for her own presence, there ?' , And the condition of the boy i And then the door opened and the outline of a man appeared. It was her father! " ™ " He' crept in stealthily—so unlike his usual free step—and quieted the excited horse with the familiar "p-s-t!" Then he dropped on one knee and took up the left hind foot But he had no time to wreak his will on the poor brute. Something whizzed through. the air in a black, snaky circle, arid descending with unerring certainty drew taut around the neck of Steve Damer, stretching him out on the floor .where he writhed black, in the face. At the same moment the frightened horse plunged and . snorted, and, screaming with fear, tried to break his halter. There was a moment's commotion at the door in the front of the stable; which was broken from its hinges, arid Harlow Lincoln, followed by several excited men, burst into the place., 1 •;"'» It took but a momerit to realise the true meaning "of the scene, and then each man caught-hold of the lasso, and gave it a/twfrl. ;• JSnt UkjB a spirit, a form glided between them and cut the noose at the neck of .the-erostrate and ,-unconscions man. . ; . "I jsaye your..horse-^give me iny the "ari'gry owner pf Belight ; , v " Tou- sated-riiy-^olrse X' "be" asked. Jn scornful incredulity " 3Tes. ^Eori do not* know how to care jEor precious^Irigs. The 1 boy ^^as been '^hk^'fbW:'flti&riy-;^flot my father—is at yout &toiv; My father was Re tool 61 anotbbr man. 1 Give irie his >>f-K;».f' it.it .1 -/ ••• - •}. . - Delighi ^MU win to-morrow. We will go where yon can never ifear-Tor us «gain.—-—; i ETimer tiad^ reeOverea his! odnscibns- cn^is ^eti^tit^jeing sonfrfrecalf^Ms ^patfe: to ithfe atdod'-^Z j not nn-J horse 5 ! mt^M'iSrtfW qneien 'aSs jshfe 1 of tile men 1 made" "a ! sUgfftin^,Jpemaik;. about her "Injun blood^'glVlng her.a;, good gait, and iflfeasnred his length on the floor ;b^f9fe' J ttV .'s^fe^h'; was "well 1 out of his' m o n ^ l ' j V . t * ' [ ''..7. -Ton. will,plejase sj&aS;&r; i-^spiectfiiiiy ot^D'eii^lif$ trien'(Ssrj-aptt^ miiie^' said, IAhc|>lnf with a fierce Meam .in h"is eye.' Tie next 'day^'the little jockfey*,jvas all.' right^nd, figured,to w,in»; 4 '^f/^ore the. ribbon of the InSiaii, priuc^jss^ahd De-. light ran frp.ms^tf^3t',tb:wii^. . time of disfa"4pmgVan competitors. , . When the pwper of .the winning horse , conntedMip:tiiS',?ra ins he-was satisfied, to keep that (Which he • had won and retire to his ranteh ; a . rich man. ,He thouarht much of Pauline In those days, as he had at another and earlier phase;of their acquaintance. Her beauty,, her maidenly modesty^hfir many,.graces of nilhd and character, had made an impression upon him. and he believed those very graces. were derived from her heroic lineage. He felt it to be an imperative duty to call on her and thank her again for the good luck she had brought him. Perhaps she would be..his mascot for life. He rode Delight, who was proudly conscious of ,a snew outfit and pranced accordingly. setting off the f vire of bis young ^master - to its -best advantage. •There, was no; sign of life about the cabin, the smithy was dosed, but the owner, of ilie waggon-making portion, of the-building said that the, smith had. taken his daughter and gone back to her mother's people on the Big River.. To be foiled in his desire is the strongest incentive to a.man to gain,the object of liis hope. '.Delight felt his master's spurs that day as never before, Harlow Lincoln could hear that soft, low voice saying, " You do not know how to care for precious things," and he realised as most of us do at some period of our lives that blessings brighten as they take their flight. But he is a young man of enterprise, and the tightening of the lasso of love around his affections may yet lead him to the rancherio on Big River, which is not quite at the end of the world.—Mrs. M. L. Rayne, in the " Detroit Free Press." 