CHAPTER II. Sarah was waiting for ino outsido. I wondorod whother bIio had heard what liuri pawed. If sho had sha said nothing, bub at onco lod the way into the back drawing room, which was shabbily furnished us a nursery. Tho room struck mo on entering us oppressively hot and close.' A rather firto lad of uis ycara old was playinu, somowhat listlessly, with some bricks at a low table near tho window. Uloso to tho firo sat a singularly stupid, heavy-looking; girl, of eevonteon ofc eigh teen, in nurae's costume; and on he?.* lap waa a pretty, fra^ilo little uirl, who, I foil", auro at onco, must bo E iilli. Her eyes wero unhealthily bright, two liLtlo crimson spots burnt on her cheeks, her lips wore parched, and sho Boomed to find it too great an oxortion to hold up her head. " Why, the littlo one is ill ! I cried. " She's novor well," said Sarah, " and yot ninator does not seom to know what uils hor, and tho powders lie gives hor do hor' moro harm than good. She wants more air and oxorciao, to my thinking." Just at this momont tho castle of bricks which tho little boy was building foil to tho ground with a torriblo crash, "There," exclaimed Jane, " now we shall have your pa upstairs a-complaining of the noise ; and I shall catch ib, as if it wore my fault," And, indeed, before she Imd finished speaking, a quick step was heard on the stairs, the door opened, and Dr. Norman came into the room. Ho was a younger man than hie siBterB, and, like them, ho had very prominent beeth,and was singularly ill-favoured. Un like the two old ladies, who looked amiablo and benevolent, his expression, it struck me, was cruel and Bly. Ho reminded me of a lean, hungry wolf on his-search for prey. His clothoH wore utibrushed, his face! and hands not over clean, his hair long and un kempt. To my great surprise he shuied his sisters' nervous, frightened manner, as if he hud undergono some great shook and apprehended its recurrence. " Surely this," I thought, " is the very lust man in the world whom ono would wish to have in a sick-room or by a dying bod." Indeed, I afterwards found that his practice was very small, and that only for an hour or two in the day did he leave the dark, close room which he culled his con sulting room, though few indeed consulted him there. In this dismal den he smoked unlimited cavendish, and drank fur too much gin and water. He was evidently in a violent passion when he ontered the nursery, but cooled down when he saw a stranger. " This is the now nurao, sir," said Sarah. " Then I hope the new nurBO will prove capablo of' keeping two children quiet. This room is over my own, and I am driven almost mad at times by noise, and especi ally by crashes." " Perhaps, sir," said I, " some other room could be used as a nursery. Children will make some noise over their play." " No, no, 110," he answered petulantly. " You must keep them quiet, I say. 1 won't have the house upset by changes. Now, mind, children, that I heur 110 more noise to-day," and he literally snarled at them liked the wild animal ho reminded me of. TI10 little ones shrank from him, the boy turned pale, the little girl began'to cry. As soon as tho man had left the room, 1 sent Jane to get tea, and taking Edith on my knee and bidding her brother bring his stool to my feot, I told them the story of " The Three Bears." This, with tea and a quiet game or two, lusted us until bed titno I was a little surprised at the sleeping arrangements. I had quito anticipated having my two charges in the same room with mc, but found that they were to sleep in a room within Sarah's at the back of the house, while I had a little chamber adjoin ing, but fucing tho front. When I ven tured to remonstrate Sarah said quite piti fully : ' " The little ones have slept with mo over since their mother left them, and 1 don't think they ivould like to be away from mc ; and I'm sure I should not like to havo them away. You pee, miss, I have had to bo a mother to ihem." Of course., I could say no moro ; but I miuio Sarah promise to cul! me at once if either of the children ailed anything in the night, and especially Edith. Whether 1 wan overtired with ray journey or wiiethor I did not feel completely satis fied with my new position, for almost, the first time in my life I failed to find sleep. The room was close and study after my airy bedroom at homo, and Chough the street is a quiet ono, a cnriingo or cart seemed to pass each time I was dozing off. I tossed from .side to side, and at last got up, opened my window, drank some wator, and straightened my bed. While I was up the clock of a neighbouring church struck twelve, and it had hardly ceased when J heard tho door of Sarah's room softly opened. I stepped out upon tho landing anticipating a summons to little Edith. There was no ono there, but Sarah's door stood open, so 1 crossed the landing and peeped in. Tho door of tho inner room was directly opposite, and stood wide open, as Sarah had told me Bhe had always left it. A night-light burnt in the children's room, and 1 could see into it unite plainly. To my surprise and horroi a tall, dark figmo bent over Edith's bed, tho figure of a woman, and though I could not sec tho face I recognised it in a moment as that of my companion in the railway carriage. I rubbed my eves to make sure that I was not dreaming, and then considered what I ought to do. Should I alaim the house '! I looked again. Sarah was sitting up in bod wido awake. She must be awaro of tho lady's presence. Who was I that 1 should try to penetrate what was evidently some dark family mystery V I would wait a timo, I decided, and watch carefully, and 1 would question Sarah in tho morning. Tho dark lady did not linger long. She came out upon tho landing with a perfectly noiseloss step, and her voil drawn closely, down. 1 drew back into tho darkness. She dosconded tho stairs, paused for a moment at the Doctor's door, then went down into tho hall, and I heard the front door gently opened and closed. My nerves are not weak ones, but I own I trombled not a little as I crept back into my room and got into bed. Who could this mysterious stranger bo ? Why did she wander about tho houso at night ' What did she want in tho children's room"? I had read sensational novels, of course. Was I about to become the heroine of one 1 But I was at length quite wearied out, and as fcheso and similar questions passed through my mind, 1 fell into the sound, healthy slumber which so seldom failed mo, When I awoke it wus broad daylight, and Sarah was in tlio room. " I have brought you some hot water, miss," alio said. " Thank you, Sarah," 1 replied, sitting up in bod ; " but pleaso 8top 0110 moment. I want you to tell 1110 who the lndy in black was who camo into Edith's room last night and stood by her bed ?" She coloured distressfully. " Lady in black !" alio stammered ; " why, you'ro dreaming still. Or, stay, perhaps one of the Miss Normans." > " No. Sural), it was not a Miss Norman, and you know it. You wero sitting up > in bed, and must have scon and heard her. Who was it ?" " Well, miss, if you will know, it was the childron's own mamma." " But I I.bought sho was dead ?" " So sho is, but doad peoplo walk some times " I looked at her and burst into a laugh. " Do you really expoefc a fairly educated girl in this nineteenth century to boliovo such trash as that,Sarali J" I exclaimed. "If there are such things as ghosts, they don't wear groon glasses and open front doors." " Woll, miss, I suppose you are wisor bhnn every one olso. I can tell you the nurses before you believed in the <;hosb, unci that was the real reason they loft. Jano only stays because she's such n ?tupid ; and, besides, she always sleeps in the attic." " But do the Doctor and the Miss Nor maiiB boliove this nonsense ? " " Yes, indeed they do, and are more scared than anybody else." And when I remembered their nervous manner and frightened looks, I felt that in this at lenst tho woman spoke the truth. " Huve they seen the ghdst, then ? " I ■ lulrnrl Surah hesitated, but said at last she believed her-master lind. " Well," I said, after pausing to reflect a while, " if the Doctor and his sisters know all, I don't see that it is m.v business to pry into this mystery. Only I should HinU in my own estimation if I let you suppose for a moment that i believed the lady I saw last night to be Mrs. Norman's ghost or spirit. 1 no more believe this than vpu do." I saw she could hardly help smiling at this, and as she was leaving the room I said '1 One word more. Are you sure this mys terious lady in black means no harm to the little ones ?" " ijor* bless you, no,, miss. What harm should mistress, dead or alive, do her own darlings '! Why, she doted on them." " But, remember," said I, " that I don't yet believe in this being your mistress ; and depend upon it, I shall bo on the watch." 