.The " Three Friends'* Reçf. (BY ROGEB IBWIN, IN M.A.P.) There wera three of them-'Toff Sim moods, Sam Williams, and Joe Rudd, better known as ' Holy Joe.' The latter's title had been bestowed upon him partly on amount of a habit he had of quoting Scripture in a free and original way of his own, and partly in a spirit of irony. Sam Williams was no good, the ' Toft' was bad, but both were saints compared with "Holy," who dominated them accordingly, in virtue of his superior gifte. They oalled them selves ' prospectors,' but they were, in truth, nothiog more than gleaners and snatchers of other men's leavings, and were oontent to haunt played-out diggings on the forlorn ohanoe of dropping nerena some stray patch or overlooked nugget. They were partners on the ' chafe and share alike' prinoiple, and it did happen occasionally that a ? streak of luck made the everpresent possibility of a month's idleness and debauchery at the neighbouring township J a blissful reality. It waa a roasting day-the sort of day on which even industrious men, who nave rates, and possibly income tax, to pay, aro inolined to take things easy. Over the sterile surface of the Piinoe'a Greek diggings the hot air shimmered and rippled as over the mouth of a furnace, and the pungent haze which drifted lazily before the Blight northerly breeze told of bush fires on the distant ranges. ' What's beoomc of Sam Y inquired Budd querulously of ' Tog' Simmonds, as the two reposed under the shadow of an oak whioh had by some chance been spared the nsual fate of goldfield trees. , - ?Fancy bis messing about in that hole the Murphys sank last year,' grumbled the 'Toff.' 'Much good they did in it, and mnoh more he'll do, though'somebody'll ? have to do something soon,-for they've stopped the tfok down at the. store, and Smith, the butcher, had the'oheek to tell 8am that he had pigs enough of his. own to feed without 'botherm' about the likes of TUB.' .1 How's the tea V inquired Budd-; again, with a faint show of interest. .'-'^'''''¡Q 'About half a pannikin left,'.and the sugar's out,' answered the other.. -'.Stony ain't the name for it.' ' r ? From thia it will be seen that the affairs of the company were, like those of many a bigger concern, financially straitened. The periodical streak of luok was long overdue, and even the daily harvest of tiny - specks, whioh colleoted made a beggarly show in the bottom of a two ounce medicine''bottle, had failed, and the appalling prospeot of having to support themselves , by regular labour was staring the unhappy mea ia the face.: ' '''' ' 1 There's nothing for it, 'Holy,' ' continued Simmonda. 'If we don't drop on to something right away we must olear ; there ain't gold enough left ¡a this place to plug a tooth with. Blamed if I wouldn't rather take a job o'wood- oarting than go on like : this,' he added desperately. " 'Yes,' assented Budd bitterly. Budd was a heavily-built, slow-speaking man, with deep-set little eyes and a fat, expressionless faoe. He was inordinately fond of 'drinking, eating, and good living, and it waa a hard fate, indeed, whioh had driven him into his present condition. For all his apparent BlowneBs, however, he had more than < the wit of his two mates combined. Under different conditions he , might have scored heavily as a labour leader and Btrike organiser, and as it was he managed to work least and eat and talk most of the party. While the two men conversed thus sadly, a orunohing step. was heard on a gravolly soil, and, looking up, they Baw the third partner, Williams, , coming towards them. He walked with, a harried, shambling step, different from his usual loitering gait, and his mates,contd see by his faoo that something out of the way had happened. . ' Well I What oheer, Sammy '' cried the . 'Toff' banteringly.. 'Did you find it too lonesome down there 1 Didn't eee nothing of the ghost of old Murphy, did you?' ?. - ; Budd did not speak a« first, bat, fixing his pig-like little eyes on the new comer, who stood beforo them with a childish grin on his faoe, and his right hand half held behind his baok he cried: What ia it, Sam! Spit it out, man-spit it ont I" , For answer the other extended a great hairy paw, ia the palm of whioh lay a piece of rusty quartz abont the size'of a oaks of toilet soap, tbiokly encrusted ' with rough virgin gold of tho quality dear to the hearts of minerB. -:: ;.. ?:??./' . ' ' I've struck the reef,' he said, briefly. ; > '1 Where ?' gasped the other two, springing to their feet simultaneously, They were all »v equally exoited now. \ V: . "-'.--.'.?' 'Bight Bt the end of the drive,' said .. ';> Williams Î 'if they'd worked another two hours they'd have been on to it.', sf<-' 'Thank God old man Murphy turned up .",'ys?,Wa toes up when he did,' J said' .Budd, ; solemnly. .'...-; .1^'.'.' ? '" ? Amento that,'assented the others, JOÍÍO .. «rc. . , ,y;:.-, :..''>;.". -In tho brains of eaoh of the three men ?- there welled np a luxurious vision of a : v" probably near and glorions future. ".'"Holy" Budd beoame (for . the moment) a, prosper- ous; metropolitan'hotel proprietorj.'f or his . .. tendencies wera all in the direction of respectability. The " Toff !' conjured, up a gorgeously-arrayed presentiment of himself ensconced on the box soat of a four-in-hand, and driving for all he was worth- to Hades, via the Melbourne Cup. Poor Sam Williams, ? who waa defioient in imagination, and who had at . one time been a shepherd on a station, got no further than" the nearest township and the knooking down of a colossal oheque. A ravishing suggestion of ham and eggs, oo-mingled with the subtler odour of bottled liquids, seemed to pervade the atmosphere, and the sordid toil-compel- ling surroundings to be loBt in a delirious ? dream of feather beds and indolence.: ', '.Rudd was tho first to come baok to earth, 'Look here, mates,'he said, holding up an impressive forefinger, ' this must bo kept dark for a bit, if there's anything , in it. Not a lioker, not so rr.uoh aa a täBte even, till we get things mixed up, or we'll be hav- ing the whole distriot camped round .here. 4 Where the carcass is-' but let's' have a look at Sam's find first ns a sort of pre- liminary.' '? The. "find" proved'good beyond their hopes. In five days, by dint of unwonted toil, they managed to drag out of the atmn boned, claim gold roughly valued by Budd (although he did 'not say BO), at nearly five hundred pounds. By hia advice the pre- tence of poverty was carefully kept up. ' In response to the storekeeper's demand for something on aoconnt of his little ' bill of " three ponnds ten, a few pennyweights of small dust wera paid, and the trio walked past the open bar of the Brassey Arms in the Bpirit of martyr heroes. 'No blooming boards of directors or oom . pany promoters for us,' declared the self constituted loader of tho party, as the three, \- ..tired but exulant, held seoret oonolave in their tent on the sixth night after the dis- covery, 1 We've got enough now to start the thing ourselves-engine, crushing plant and all ; wo oan rough crnBh what we'vo got in hand, turn it into cash, got every- thing set up, and there wo are-tho ' Three Friends Gold-miniog Company United,' un- limited and no liability. We'vo fallen on stony ground of tho right Bart, my buoks, and we're going to reap a thousandfold.' ' Next day, however, the hopes of tho now company were doomed to receive a severe ' check. The reef whioh had commenced so well suddenly gave out. Tho proverbial ill luok of the Murphys seemed both to relax ita grip on the claim. They had been known looatly aa the " no good Murphys" to distinguish thom from other, more pros- perous residents of the same name, and people who knew thc family intimately did say that the Iuokitst thing that ever hap ' pened to them was the sudden termination of tho old man's existence by a fall of earth in the drivo a year bofore. For a time the three mon worked on feverishly, in the hopo that their look might return-for reefs are erratic things-but no glint of the yellow gold again rewarded their laboure. The first to realleo tho,full extent of the disaster .nd the hopelessness of it waa Budd. He did not ohed tears like Williams, and-lay the blame of the mistortuneon the Murphys in particular and Irishmen' in general, nor did he blaspheme like Simmonds ; but he thought, thonght hard. Was his cherished' dream of ease and independence to be snatched from him jost BS be had begun to: feel his grip tighten on it ? Not if he could prevent it, 'Three's into five'-so ran his thoughts' as he strained at the windless (tot he had persuaded the others to work on just to' keep them in hand)-"three's into five, once and two over ; into twenty, it'll go six tiroes and two more, that's another six-about a. hundred and fifty altogether, allowing for expenses ; sot enough to do any good with* -not near enough.' The "Toff" was below breathing hist ourses into the bowels of the earth, while Williams was helping at the windlass and' unloading the bucket aa it came up. Ail heart bad gone from them, but they toiled on, hoping against hope that the reef had only taken a dip, and that they might drop on to lt again. JuBt aa the loaded bnoket neared the top tho voice of Simmonds was heard calling eagerly up the shaft, but his words were unintelligible. ' What's1 Toff' hollerin' about, Sam 2' saiii Kudd. ' Blowed if I oan make out,' answered Williams, as with another tura they brought the load to the surface, and letting go his grip of the handle, he leaned over to lift it. off the hook. 1 Qnick ns a hash, in continuation of his former train of thought, a emull tum in simple substruction passed through Budd's mind-a sert of sum that might bo given to the youngest beginner in an infant school. ' Une from throe,' he calculated, ' leaves two 1 so much the better for the two 1' and he also let go his grip. - Williams, knowing that his mate stood 30 feet below in a direct line under the heavy bnoket, made a wild, unavailing effort to grasp tbs whirling in- visible handle.' As he olutohed vainly at it, the iron struck him twice-onoe on the knee, bring him to the ground, and once on. the top of the head. ' Phew I' exclaimed Kudd, 'both of them L This is rather more meat than I ordered,, bot I suppose I'll have to take it; it eeeme. no more than the fulfilment of Boriptec after all.' '» 'He had gone down to the creek for water,' he explained to the ootoner's jury, 1 and on returning found both his mates stiff-one on top near the windlass, the other at the bottom of the Bhaft ali smashed up by the falling bucket.' ' lt was unusual,' he said, ' to trust poor Sammy alone at the windlass,' and added regretfully that 'had he only been about at the time the accident would never have happened,' ' What,troubled him most,' ho further confessed to one who desired to commiserate with him on the ead event, ' waa tho belief that neither of his late partners was pre- pared. ' list us all be prepared,' he quoted, wiping away a tear, ' for we know not the day nor the hour,' Years afterwards, a roving eon of Prince'* Greek came aaroas him running a snug looking pub. in a Melbourno suburb. He was fat and sleek, and looked like one who slept o' nights-but possibly his slumbers might have been leso easy had he known tho substance of the poor ' Toff's ' parting words : ' Mates, I've struck the reef : the three of na are made men 1' 