oom Gossip. " TOUCHSTONE." P/ p panto., " Jacket he Giant • i ^ of tbe real old Christmas » eood cast of real psnto- 'v, hole show is not given up ..-„ the eye gets tired, jbntrv •• * the f stage u- u jf c t '.> • ,1 by bright bfaiete—ofjhich |l <ist • ti.emost original and striking- ; -- . BttV ind manojuvrings. ihe tun . morry, and the songs good. aless '' '•' .Jta'i th enerj ^ 0 g° lden cornfields and thatii"' 1 j '. \- et g being excellent specimens psili! •' purchased the Australian \- drama, " How London Lives, [of ti=" ; lis at p- 1 ,'nt running at London Princess'. •••(••BIGHT, after a long absence, itLES O-. .',« Melbourne audience again in phis bcv.; at the Bijou on Saturday lire of i is by R C.Ciiton, the author aire of i)i fud "A White EUpbant," and Ibcrty H-i lies llorlev in r member of thp new Comedy I. opeoifc at the above thea'.re in "Th» Equite [Damea" Talma photo. found to be a powerful and well-confted p)a.v with some good anting partF. Mrs. rWood WBS in tbe original caEt at London Irion. ILLA.CE BHOWNLOWIS talking of giving up |otel at Kali^oorlie. The popular baritone sen clearing nearly .£90 per week out of his MESSRS. Stanford and Barnes, who opened the Perth Theatre Royal last year with a dramatic company in " The Silver King," have taken a lease of Sydney Opera House, and open a season there on Saturday with " Shamus O'Brien." THE well- known veteran actor, Mr. James P. Cathcart, has been specially engaged to play the ghost in the forthcoming Wilson Barrett production of " Hamlet" at the Princess' Theatre. THE prices for the Albani concerts in Sydney have been fixed at 7e. 6d., 5a. and 2s. 6(3. Madame's numbers for the first concert on the 23rd: " Ah, fors& ' in " f rom "La Traviata;" "With y erdure clad," "Robin Adair," and the waltz sung from "Romeo and Juliet." WILSON BARRETT makes his first appearance in Sydneycn the 5th of March in " The Manxman." 7 HE Lynch Family at latest date •were visiting Riverton, Auburn and ciare. Miss MORE, who was a member of the Paulton-Stanley Company during its last season here, leaves for London by the Cveco on Tuesday. PBOBABLY the most interesting production daring the Cartwrigbt-Lamb reason at the Bijou will be that of Carton's new play, "The Tree of Knowledge," in which Miss Julia Neilson and George Alexander are drawing »1\ London's playgoing public to the St. James' Theatre. IT appears that R. S. Smythe's contract with Paderewski was made before the land boom, when money was plentiful, but since the collapse he would be a bold manager who would charge even half-a-guinea for a pianoforte recital. In the course of an interview with our representative, Mr. Smythe said that it would be v( ry different with Madame Melbp, whom be met in London, who is coming to the colonies in a few months. The greatest of living prima donnas is a native of Australia, whom all colonists will delight to honour. The first result of Mr. Smythe's last trip to Europe, however, will be the arrival in April of tbe celebrated tenor, Mr. Durward Lely, whose popular Scottish entertainments have enabled him to bid an eternal farewell to the operatic stage and the concert p'atform. Lely was the favourite tenor of the Carl Rosa and Savoy Opera companies, and be toured with Madame Adelina Patti. MADAME MKLBA has been engaged to appear during tbe coming grand opera reason at Covent Garden. The directors have had, apparently, to agree to the diva's terms, which last season they would not give her. GEORGE LATJRI and Albert Bellman are doing a very funny burlesque of " A Royal Divorce''at the Opera House. The manner in which Lauri takes from off his flaming bead a ridiculous paste diadem and, after frantically kissing it, lays it at the comical Napoleon's feet, and then falls back with a steam whistle shriek, is worthy of the huge laugh which it excite3. Miss ALMA STANLEY is one of the most superstitious of actresses and is a great believer of luck, which, in her case, she believes is symbolised and contained in tbe red carnation ; and she never appears in a new piece or a strange city or country without a-knot of that popular flower. EKNIST CROME is musical directing at Perth Cremorne Gardens. HBRE are some more English actresses' ages. Ladies are generally coy as to tbe number of years tbey have spent on this planet, but actresses don't seem to mind. Why should tbey ? An actress is always only the age she looks, and she never looks much over 20. It's rude to give a woman's age away, but we will be pardoned on the score that tbe artistes themselves don't mind. Mrs.5 Pat Campbell is 31, Lady Bancroft is 60, and Mrs. John Wood is almost the same age. Miss Julia Neilson'c years are 29, so are Miss Annie Hughes'. Miss Letty Lind is 34, Mre. Langtry 46, and Madame Bernhardt 54. Miss ALICE LEAMAR left for London by the Oceana last Tut S lay. MADAME ALBANI opens ber Australian season in Sydney on the 23rd February, and also gives concerts on the 26th February and Ut March. The Melbourne concerts will take place in the 'j o wn Hall on the 5th, 8tb, 10th and 12th March Adelaide dates are 16th and 19th March. MADAME ALBANI is the proud possessor of a very big number of orders which have been presented to her by European sovereigns. She has the Jubilee Order and the Victorian Badge from the Queen, tbe King of Denmark's Order of Merit, and the late William of Germany's Jubilee Medal. The late Emperor of Russia gave her a diamond cross, and Princes Stephanie a brooch. If Madame wears all these ribbons and medals at once, she would look something like an army veteran. CHARLES ARNOLD has left London, we are informed, for these colonies. Popular prices, Charles Arnold and " Hans the Boatman " should mean heaps of coin. Miss EDITH: MORLEY, one of the actresses who have come from London to support Charles Cart wright, is a daughter of that popular actor. GRATTAN RIGGS is the best Irish bothedian who has up-to-date appeared in these colonies. Gifted with a vivid sense of humour, a wealth of expression and the feelings—naturally—of an Irishman, he delineates the peasant from Erin in a manner that this side of the world has never seen bettered. A LONDON correspondent writes:—" After a period of doubt and poor business,' The Scarlet Feather' looks as if it had settled down to a prosperous run and should do good business for months to come. Tbe second act, which was awfully weak, has been rewritten and worked up and goes splendidly. 'The Feathei' should do well vour * side, but of course Al you will never TLA see abs^A a company to come near ours in the opera. The caste SXttttTiSSSZ s^war* Miss Florence Young and funny Miss Victor, George Snazelle^edmondt IN our last issue we stated that Carl Hertz bad again returned to Melbourne. This was an error. It should have read Calcutta, where, by-the-way, Se popular Carl and wife, Mdlle. D'AUon, look like doing phenomenal business. W. GOURLAY, the well known actor, has been specially engaged for tl e principal comedy character in tbe forthcoming Theatre Roytl products n of " How London Sleeps," PROFESSOR TRKGASKI, the well-known illusionist, is pushing ahead bis arrangements in connection w ith bis refurn trip to Thursday Island. A matinee in aid of the Distressed Actors' Fund is to be held at the Princess* a week to-morrow. The Wilson Barrett Company, l>:jou Company, tie Panto. Company from tbe Opera House,and Charles Htlloway and bis mummers a.-e all going to lend a hand, and a huge and interesting programme is promised. " THE BABES IN THE WOOD " panto mime follows Wilson Barrett at the Princess'. It opens on 5th March. Miss IDA HGLBSIN and Mr. J. Mooney will shortly return West, under the management of Harry Rickardp. Miss ADDIE PLACE, formerly with Uracy's Opera and Harry Rickarde' Companies, and then known ®s Miss Ada Berthold, IB the possessor of a magnificent soprano voice, and, acting .on the advice of competent critics, w H at the tnd of tbe year proceed to London. THE Lynch Family Bellringers drew record houses at Poit Victor, Mount Barker and Woodside in S.A. POLLARD'S Opera Company plays a season at Auckland Opera House frcm 9th April till (>ih May. PEOPLE are saying that Philip Newbury did uite right over that little affair of the gods at ydney Tivoli a week last Monday. The gods on't quite rule the rocst, and it's about time hey were made to understand that they don't. Miss LOTTIE MCORE is a most accomplished wimmer, and at St. Kilda every afternoon is iving Miss Addie Conyers lessons in tbe nataorial art. Miss NELLIE MORTYNE is dangerously ill in he hospital at Wellington. Miss ALICE LEAMAR opens a season at the Syndicate Halls, i.e., tie Oxford and Tivoli, on er arrival in London. Mifs LOTTIE M«ORE designs and makes all ber ts ge costumes. Miss ADA BEEVE is declared by the Sydney PIESS to be a better " French Maid" than M\EB Willoughby wap. GEO. H. WOOD, tbe "somewhat different 1 ' comedian, ie coming out again under engagement to Harry Rickaids. His wifr, known heie as Miss Marion Ainsworth, will accompany him. THE last nights of Wilson Barrett's seafonhere re announced. Tbe farewell appearance of the opular actor bas beiu fixed for 2nd March. The Silver King " holds the ttsge till WedneFay, when " Othello " goes up. On the following Saturday "Hamlet" takes a turn, and on Wednesday, the last night, will be presented " Virginius." GEO. W. ANSON has joined Misi Jula Merlowe's Companj in New York. J. H. GREENE, who has betn successfully depicting a variety of stage villains at the Alexandra Theatre, has gathered experiences of life in many capacities. He has been a journalist, a schoolmaster, a prize honorman at the Melbourne University and a dry-blower and prospector on the goldfields of the West. He also visited W. A., playing " heavy leads '' and " character with Mr. Charlie Taylor, who took a great interest in him and urged bim to persevere. Mr. Greene, it may be mentioned, is an enthusiastic Shakespearian student, carrying whole plays in his w.*« During his intervals of unsuccessful gold- " used to steal away into the bush and recreate himself with speuting volumes of Weeladdi. ,, t ERNEST WILLISmemberol supported Mrs. Bernard Beere at the «jpera House, is about to return on a visit to this oolony. 