HE WiAS HAUNTED. Fischer's ghost has teen laid, to th® regret of those who have cherished him as a winter elorv tor the fireside. Ha is 110 longer believed to sit on top ot a three-railed fence as a clue to tha discovery of his bones in a stagnant pool. But there is a man In the Glebe, Sydney, who was haunted by a spectra which never left him. It was with him as he sat all day mending shoeew and in the dark and silent watches of the night it clung to him, and he began to look upon it as a fearful part Ot himself unto his time would come to enter into the spirit land. It was a grim and horrible experience, and all his days and nights ware spent in try ing to solve the enigma of its preseaoei and the way that he could lay it, 88 they had laid Fischer's ghost. Tha worst of the matter was that it was invisible to ≪ but himself ; be vu worts than haunted. It tortured him> for this spectre loved to give him pa.in_ At length the means were given to him to free himself of its hateful pres ence, and ha describes ills last fight with it to our representative who wait ed upon him at 86 Bridge-road, Glebe. —"For the past eight years," said Mr Wb. Burke, shoemaker, "1 have endur ed very much, from constipation and piles; no medicine seemed to do ma good. At night I could not sleep, ami* by day I was too drowsy to do my work. Nothing I took could frefe me of pain, until I tried Dr. Morse's In dian Hoot Pills, and now I can say that they are the best remedy I have ever known, as they do not gripe or weaken and yet do all that is said of them. I am a better man to-day than I itava been for years. It is a grand cure." Dr. Morse's Indian Boot Pills cure pnch cases. They are a positive cure for liver ailments, sick headache, bil iousness, indigestion, dyspepsia, consti pation, foul breath, sallow complexions, and a perfect blood purifier, curing eczema, pimples, blbtches, and all skill, diseases. As a woman's beet friend they stand alone. Sold by chemists and storekeepers, price 1/3 per bottSa Australasian Branch of the W. H. Com stock Co., Ltd., 58 Pitt Street, Sydney, N.S.W. Sold wholesale in Queens land. 'by Messrs Elliott Bros., Tjfcd., Brisbane. Each bottle has the fall' name blown thereon, and the wrapper bears the signature of Wn. H. Com* stock. Avoid substitutes, and see that you get the genuine. , 