PiGHEB. . ' : - - ? -» ? '? — — THINK Pincher was a na tive of Edinburgh, and ; was born about 1S80. It is ! unfortunate that Dr. John j Brown did not write the j biography of - Pincher, j whom he probably knew, j whjle I myself was unac- i quainted with the hero. | This life is based on the ; recollections of the be- ; reaved survivors of an il- j lustrlous hound. On the j mother's side, Pincher came of an old family of fox-terriers. His pater nal descent is wrapped in mystery but -those who know the circumstances best believe that Pincher had bull-terrier blood in his veins.- His ears were largely and loosely flapping; his tail was short, thick, and columnar— that heroic tail whioh never but once was seen be t-neen his legs. In very early youth Pincherwas bestowed on a lady of mature age and maiden dignity, who dwelt in London. . She became much attached to Pin cher, but soon restored him to the grey metropo lis of the north. On consulting her friends, and her own senpe' of propriety, she did not think it becoming that . she should1 constantly appear in '?? , ; ?!?-*? .-.-,-: -'' - ' ' police courts. Tet this was her portion in life, owing to the military instincts of Pincher, still uncontrolled by .knowledge of the world and the usages of a ^complicated society. Pincher drank delight of 'battle with his peers, and Wallace re joiced not -more Jin the blood of Englishmen than Pincher in' the gore of English dogs. Through wide Bayswaterj.he kept avenging Flodden, and was in police courts often. . He was therefore re stored to the bosom of his .family, -who resided in Douglas Crescent - .x ' Reflection :iiad^iaught Ptocher that a refined Crescent was ;no; :flt arena for niilitary prowess. Besides; be IhaS reduced lie dogs of the^aistrict to order, ^ahdihis iippearance, like that ;of the British flag on the;=hlgh^eas of old, was -saluted by tails' down. PinchSp?io6fced r ior -new -Worlds to con quer. , He'tbSSt'iiis' stand, like some adventurbua knight.of Jxold,- in a^pass perilous. , He kept that thronged: thoroughfare, the Dairy-road, against all comers. 'No' cojlie or. bull-terrier, or dandle could pass,. but must cross, teeth with Pincher. _Tn' the D'alry-road; he compromised nobody; unrecog nised, tike 'the Black Knight at Ashby-de-la^ouch, he reaj^d h^Kurels. , ^ ' /;':' vT-''.;.. '..,? .' .'. ,^.Pihehef'eouia;^6t abide his neighbor^ Professor ' Blackie.i Ttia^aUkotdiacity vitality pt that echo- 1 lar found vent in a kind of dance, a sort of walte m which. he indulged as he paced tfie street ^Ob serving this, and not liking it. Pincher would rush from his lair in the arena, circling round the Pro fessor and leapng up at the tails of his plaid. The learned Profeslor was obliged to walk like other men in Pincher's neighborhood. The Highlands were the home of Pincher's most celebrated feats, and the Pass of-Glencoe witness ed what he doubtless deemea- the most tragic event in his crowded life. Here he, who never feared the face of living dog. fled from the dead, as he (erroneously) believed. He was not inac cessible to the terror of superstition, nor could he encounter the foe whom he had already seen stretched lifeless at his feet. But this adven ture needs some preface and explanation. the Coe, after threading the blood-stained Pass under tremendous and beetling crags, reaches the J sea at Invercce, above which it is. spanned,; b£y*; bridge. At Invercoe dwelt a family akin tp.ihat J owned by Pincher. They possessed a Scottish : terrier named Jack, between whom and Pincher j reigned an inveterate feud. To keep these enemies apart was the great object of all friends of peace. Pincher's family lived on the left. Jack's on the right of the river. One day both families were, partaking of the refreshment of tea, in the open air the table being spread just under the window of a cottage in the village. Pincher was left in the cottage, Jack on the other side of the stream. As the guests partook of the innocent feast a kind of hairy hurricane sped from above, the urn and teapot were overset, a heavy body landed on tfce table, and, when the affrighted tea party recovered the use of their senses. Pincher and Jack7 were found engaged in a death struggle. Jack, unob served, had come up the road. Pincher, beholding' or scenting him from an upper window, bad leaped to the fray! ' . , ~' '.. - : What ? intervention . could do was done. Both? hounds were lifted, from the earth by their tails.; Pepper was applied- -to their nostrils, water was' poured bver them. But Pincher did not leave Sis? hold till Jack lay motionless at his feet. Then,, Pincher let himself be dragged off, while medical attendance was called in lor Jack, the doctor's house being hard by. , The skill and perseverance . of that excellent physician were at last rewarded.' Jack breathed, he stirred, and. unknown to the relentless Pincber, was .conveyjedby a bahn 'of sym-' pathiserstb'his _ own home-;very^gTOggy. 4 ; After this event Jack and Pdncher were careful ly kept- apart, and. the latter hero firmly believed that his .-enemy, was dead. . But in the following yearJKntber crossed the bridge, and. In the view of several credible- witnesses, he encountered Jatk. Instantly -thai' short' tail of p4riehervs drooped; he trembled, Jturhfed; !and. fled. ; He bad Slain Jack, that hy-knew, &d;?here was' Jack again' re-arisen from his ensanguined grave. Now, and never be- - fere,; men saw Pincher fly from a foe. The infer-. ' ' ; . ill ? i ? : '- -' . i t ???-?.??! '? / i: . . - I ti ence is obvious; he regarded Jack as a visitor from the~woria of spirits. ' Brutus was not afraid of the ghost of Caesar, but in this one respect, Pincber fell short of the Roman courage. Pincher, though alarmed, was unconverted. Though gentle to small dogs, and the attached friend of little children, Pincher: Teigned the ty rant of the glen. When he marched down the middle of the village street dogs and cats fled to* ?baclr' 'gardens',' - and under beds in cottages. At the age of 14 Pincher died. It was his habit to jump at the noses of trotting horses; enfeebled by years he 'missed his tip,'' was kicked by the justly irritated horse, and never recovered from the injury. His old age was gloomy, as he no longer dared to keep the crown of the causeway, dreading the reprisals of the young.- The time came to this ccnijjifjrpr when, like Rob Roy in his .last diys; he .'had had ^enough of, fighting. Such, (as drawn' by a: .feeble' but impartial hand, were 'the life and death of Pincher/' ?':::?':?. -.;'?' ? .yy.-iTi'. ---^v-- . - ? 