SSBSf SMSY" THE END OF IKE GAME. '.ion really cant rouse ma" to much en- « tinsiflfm over the short story,' ehe said. ' 1 know all you would say of it,— subtile, per- l; feet of form; and sonnet-like fa finish, — 'yet I am well.' Any man may wear its laurels, and I envy him not. But when it comes to _ the literature of correspondence, then I con- . f less to covetimr tie crown. I would rather . have written a series of fascinating letters r:i . than all the short stories of the decade.' Do it,' said he. 'Put your next novel : into epistolary form.' : _ ' I might — and fail more signally than ever , .i in making my characters speak out what is in them. Letters, of all things, must be . written from the heart. Fancy the tone Swift's would have taken if he had been told / he mnst correct the proofs on some day of reckoning !' The heart is a fiction in literature. We all know what powerful work has been done with the avowed purpose of making money, and by men who wouldn't have touched pen to paper without that ignoble spur. ' You are a pagan !' You are a sentimentalist — shall that be \- my retort ? No ; you are amply ' pure wo- : manly.' You can't imagine desires fulfilled without esthetic cringings and moral winces.' 'Nothing of the sort; but I do acknow ledge the concrete feet that I couldn't plav dummy in a series of letters.' 'Then — collaborate.' . . k . -4 With whom P Some gifted ghost ? Pros per Merimee's P 'With me. We say good-by to-morrow, " -- -- after a charming summer acquaintance of six weeks. You leave this hotel, and go back to your Bohemian Boston attio. I i=v return to New York , and journalism. Now, let us assume a situation. X am madly in vp love with yon- Don't start! How un- ?ir. . dramatic you are I Yon — there my invention halts, though it is easy to esq there would be ? no story without en obstacle. What shall it be, your engagement or mine f' 'You give me a choice of fetters! That's generous. But 1 won't take the hackneyed obstacle of 'another,' thank yon ! Some- body always has to descend to bathos or perfidy in order to extricate himself. No; let's pretend that we are conscious of a mutual attraction, but don't in the least satisfy each other's ideal of what a man and woman should he.' 'Do forgive me for saying how truly Bosioness and priggish !' ' Shall £ endeavor to be suburban and flippant? Well, there are dozens of possible = situations. Take your choice. Disgrace — -my great-uncle has ch=«ed the widow and orphan, and then shot himself.' 'No drawback at all, unless you get up some sort of moral scruple about returning the spoils; and that would bora me to such as , an extent that I should reply only by postal sgl cards.' || ' Hereditary feud — though in that case wa 111 should have to joia bands in the regulation g- " . manner, and satisfy tradition. Myimagi- III nation is quite at sea; yon propose soine- II/..- .-thing.' - " ' Consumption and insanity have been . done ifjj to death. You must be devoted to a cause, !| .. and refuse to give it up for devotion to one ||/ ...-man,' - |g 'Hundreds of women have "fought, bled, its - ' and died i ver that, from 'The Princess' |g , down. Best of all, why not begin tie" cor - li! ; Kspondence, and let it detefinise its own - p.--./eaBaP ' , |1| -'Excellent! We wSj-merely draw a heavy : Igf . line under the feet that I am in love with you. Bemeizbor to write only on one side Wz of fee papst; won't you ? It- will save us a \- - deal o'-chpying-' . - spl " - _J£es : and suppose we Eend the letters P|j- Sat In large envelopes ? Then we need only immber them, lay them aside, and they are ready for the printer. But I predict a bar to our perfect satisfaction in the completed work. Did you ever yet write, a clever thing without having Eome great- aunt or Esc-ond cousin accuse you of lending it from your personal experience? \- 'Never: "and I anticipate what you are going to say. No. matter how much the all-knowing public clamors for- 'author of r: curimmortal work, we will lie low ahd ctm- i fess nothing. But if it actually does find us ? out, we will deny it the satisfaction of de claring that our own hearts have been laid ?j. . fare ; for I will claim the woman's part, and you shall have the man's!' ' Clever, indeed ; but hold to a 'bragian extent ! Well, sty what you like. I vnll at least deny nothing. How often shall we v/ write ? Every day, by all means. I have some important work coming on in December, and I should iiba to finish this episode of the heart before then. By the way, remember to make no allusion in the letters to the feet that we are playing a game. Let ns dress for the part, deceive ourselves into ail pos- . \- able earnestness, and. see what swagger ; things we can do.' In a montii the correspondence was in foil swing, and, omitting the letters which served ; as prologue, thus it ran : FTH. Your yesteraays's letter probed my armor at a hundred points. I have loved other ; waxen, yon say ; what; more of less, does it . mean when I declare I love 3 oil P Itisirne, ; I have had my dreams and" passions, though I should decidedly object to posing as that species of hero who is not only beautifully Byronic, but truly unwholesome. 1 am the average man, with "a sense of the ideal and .a poetic imagination. "Therefore" have : X idealized woman, and to idealize is to love. £ loved my cousin May. - She grew np and' away from me, and married somebody else. r She was a bonnie bride,—- God bless her!— jynd meeting her to-day is as commonplace as reading the weather probabilities. Two years after, I wrote" sonnets to a woman who never guessed fhoTi to be from what I am pleased to caD my soul; and iois summer, when you met me, I was engaged. You have not seen her; but yon have heard of her —a gentle, domestic creature, who would -a have made me half happy and supremely ec intertable. She guessed at my having fied from, you because I dared not trust myself \- to stay, and give me my freedom. She is no less tranquil, and- I am her everlasting debtor. What then? 'If these thing? be so,' yon say, 'what can love mean? "What do you giTe me mere than the others? How do I know whether the jewel is mine "own; not only to have, but to hold?' You speak like one tern yesterday, or as a child for lornly strayed out of Arcadia, into these solid ' streets. Have you yet to learn that a relation must be judged, not by its length, but by its perfection? When I sat with yon those /moon- fed nights, while the sea washed the recks at our feet, and we had notieed of \- talking because onr thoughts ran together dike hesvenlv horses of the sun, what then ? Do you think such communion is often dup licated ? Does one find a diamond more than once in & lifetime, or see zhepezfect arch of the rainbow twice in a summer? ' Why will you so fatally puli open the petals of this heart-flower, to count the stamens, and de termine whether it conforms to this or that system of classification ? You know me— the average man. Such as I am, I am yours. <! If you challenge me.to -the "clearest tenth I fenow Low to utter, I confess that I know \- nothing about eternity, ""and care less, I ask you to walk step by step with me through -this troublous worid ; and if, some fair: -morning, I should wake and see your face beside me in that other land which thea- ' lozians and poets seem to know all about, i why; then, I'll give you merry greeting! . Bat &3 to swearing thsc I shall leva you eternally, how do I know? I would have / sworn it had we met ten years ago. Now the days, Inexorable 'daughters of time, have brought me wisdom, and I see that our —itieGtioDa are indeed 'tents of a night.' connt passing fair they are, and 1 prithee, the r«tWetresi5j let me rest in mine nndis- \ pre feeling t.. concerned. .. ' - wilj not be t " "SSk - - railed. You women expect of men a ian- tsstio and impossible loyalty — a loyalty con secrated to keepiug a niche vacant for you until you come, and making life forever sterile after you go. God knows your scheme might be a happy and heroic one for some unknown world, made on a different plan, hat not in this — not in this ! We are grow ing and changing creacures, like cur- brothers, the trees. Year by year 'we put; forth shin ing buds, and renew ourselves in the son and cherishing air. There were birds in last year's nests, I tell you plainly ; but now tbey are gone. Shall my leaves whisper above the poor little brown dwellings with no desire to see them warm again with downy life? Ferishthe thought! — since change is life, and standstill means 'decay and death. You are the choice of my prime. Why deny us both our happiness because you cling too long and closely to the dreams of youth ? ebb. When I read a letter like your last I al most hate you. Fortunately— or the reverse, according as you value my toleration — yon do not fall into the Goethean platitudes which would force me to remove myself forever from the risk of hearing them. Yon are not absolutely blasphemous. You do not say, in so many words, that love is a sue-, cession of fancies and phases; and -so I am sorry for you without actually despising you. For, believe me, my friend, it is true that though men do not die of love, they should think it possible. Though, if I deny you, in a year yon will have loved again, you should be swearing to me and toyourseli that, without me, in your own proper person, you die. And I should know you would cot die, and you Would know I knew it, because we are neither of us at the morning of life, when one believes that wishing brings the boon; but we should be a little nearer heaven than we are now. For I, alas ! doubt you, and you can analyze yourselt and me. So, farewell, — nay, "rather, honest, plain good-by. May all the gods be with you, for I will not ! Yon need them, and you do not need me more than another. eb. Now, by all the powers that rule this curious modern world of analysis and cross- analysis, or occupy their Olympic leisure in bringing about the madness of our day, it shall not be good-by! The gods sh«H be with me, hat only to fight on my ride, ndt to console me for a victory lost. Poor child! yon can't help your temperament, can vou ? No more can I mine. Bat yours is the geeatcr curse. You are stung by the gadfly of the ideal, and yon are feted to rage through life in search of the perfect love, a perfect lover. Diogenes himsaif, that prince of visionaries, might have held himself moderate in comparison. You should have lived in a day when I could have claimed your hand ; through battle' with a hundred knights ; when your favor would have had baptism of blood, and! could at last- have come begging home from Holy Land to die at yenr feet. Yon would "have canonised me then, in your maiden calendar, with the same ringle-mindedness and fervor which had inspired yon when yon buckled cm my armor, and -sat at prayer and tapestry while I fought the heathen host. And riaca you" are denied that narrow and musty path, you would fain invent wild beasts and paynims of the mind for me to conquer. I must play with you a poetic drama of love, overleap obstacles, and dissect my heart and your own, to note whether the tissues are homo geneous. And I would do itif there were no other way of winning you. I am but a -mfttij sn actor in this merry game of life, and I could well play such a pretty interlude, if needs must. But I should do it only under protest, as one might snatch . a'giove frcm the arena. Beslitfes fin- better serve my uibod, and Fd rather rit down , with yon to one . of those . flashing hours . of lightning speech than rhyme you 'love and 'dove by_ the ream, and pretend I haa not slept since I ' saw" you last. Heaven save us I ' it's an easy part to play. " Listen; this is how Strephon would woo you— Strephon who has never loved before, and never will gaze on woman's face again while yoa and he shall live; nay, who shall bs constant beyond the stars! < Last night X could net sleep. The min utes whispered of you, the hours struck your name. (Poor methaphor ; but Strephon's metaphors would be poor. You find such romantic batho3 only in combination with intejlecteial poverty.) 'At midnight I rose, and lobked at the moon Failing her sea of blue. Immeasurably far (or do thfy know her distance?, 'she was yet nearer; than you ; or no intelligence of the night would bring me news of you. "Were you wakeful, and did your thoughts turn burningly to me, as mme' tq you ; or did you wander lonely in dreams whither I ccald not follow ? O most dear, jewel of the earth and desire of all the winds of heaven that dare to touch your cheek, one word fromyqn or I die ! Do youlike itP The style is fatiguing, and the subject matter, feeble as it is, A tax oxf the imagination ; bat I can turn out such stuff by the quarto volume, and perhaps I coiild even talk it on a rainy day, when you had lighted my pipe, and I was disposed, like a kindly lord and - master, to humor yon. Dost like it, I say, and wilt have more to morrow? But whatever ,'thou wilt have, be assured that I will have thee from hence forth and— cay, I cannot say forever, for that would be pure folly, and- an. arrogance at which fate smiles. " Why do I answer a letter dike that— not even earnest, but jeering at me and the holiest of my draams? I dc not know, ex cept that I seem to myself so hopelessly under your influence that I cannot cut this knot at one stroke, as a more heroic woman might, And this brings me to another reason why I should not be to you what we both have hoped. I have accused you of not loving me.. I come now to the doubt whether I in the least love you. That yon attract me, I grant yon, and that the attraction- is; so strong 1 can' hardly withstand even your written words, I allow with shame : but that I love you — no, I am not sure of it. What have we in common ? I am trying to stumble into the path of the ideal, and you are contenting yourself with a daily carnival of intellectual pastimes, with flashing lights and glowing flowers. I want to bind pay hopes to emotions that are imperishable,- and relations that are infinite ; yon are content to take the joy of the flying hour, and pledge yourself toco more arduous task than that- of making it your own. You disappoint ms at every turn, and yet yon fascinate me. As I write, the ring, of your voice, the remem-; brance of that", radiant look you threw me when you rode' away, —for your eyes could laugh because'-tife Eky was blue aim the rib soft, and mine were heavy with tears since I must loose you,— the" very thought of your presence so sweeps over me at times that I whisper the air to carry you the message, 'I amy'oure !' But, after all," I am not. An inner self— a dissentihg," stern, and" resolute self— says 'No' ; and I cannot yield. Do, if you but guessed if, I had been easily won before I" knew you so' well! Had you been less honest,-— less insolent, I might write, — had you paid me the compliment of lying to me, yon might, I say, have won me ; hut I suppose I shall some day thank heaven that you aid not choose. That you could stop in the midst of a letter to the woman you pro fess to love, and interpolate a travesty of honest emotion--oh, it sickens me ! Let us 1 write no more. What have we to say P For you there are a thousand pleasure paths, since; as you own, you have an idealizing j and poetic nature, and there are thousands j of ' women for you to idealize. I have been \- bat a throbbing line in your spectrum of | life. As for me, perhaps I can seme day be : wholly thankful that I did. though with breaking heart, choose the highest. Do yon remember Guinevere's self- despairing Sry, ' I should have loved the highest ' ? Do you remember how Maggie Tuliiver turned from Stephen, not; alone because he was bound to her cousin, but because the nobler part of her nature never responded to his call ? I do not- court martyrdom with these ; bat I stretch out my hands to them for help in this stress and trouble of my life, that their memory may give ine strength. Do not answer this. Why should we spar with words ? To you it may bs intellectually amusing ; to me it is agony. sb. My ohild, you never gave me so much joy in your life. You say I am fascinating to you. I make my lowest bow, and respond that you are infinitely charming to me. What more do we ask r Love is bat a sub tile -attraction, and there is scarcely one chance in a million that either of ns finds in another the mysterious soul -likeness or eouI- defference which draws us now together. I consider myself, so to speak, a saturated solution. (Did David Copperfield say that before me?) I can conceive that I might adore yon ; but it is not within the remotest possibility that I shall meet snch a being during the next fifty years, and at the end of that time I expect to be dust-. Therefore we are quite safe, and let us haste, to the wedding. By the way, I met Aunt- Eliza beth to-day, and told her we are to be mar ried in the spring, end she proposed having some jewels set for you. I conld give yon dozens of toothsome little items like this, if yon didn't keep me so busy writing about the state of my sonl, or wildly defending myself from the charge of having one. Bat I implore yon as a friend, — nay, as a lover, whose peace of mind shonld be precious to you, — not to mix onr affairs with, those of bogies ont- of books like Guinevere and the Tollivers. Why shonld they he dragged forth to daunt me ? I shudder when you tacitly command me to put on buskins and copy some hero of tragic story. Much as I delight in your letters, I tell you frankly they make me nervous. I feel as if I must respond in blank verse, and my muse been halt and blind this many a year. - You have criticized me tremendously, my lady, for the last three weeks. I am going to retaliate, and enlarge upon your . greatest fault. Neither wince nor fear me ; 'tis not that you are not fairest, virtuousesl of your sex, but that yon have no sense of hrnnor. If you bad, you would appreciate that neat, little bit about Strephon in my last. I con sider it a clever interpolation; bat yon, be ing, as I say, destitnte of humor, count it a blasphemy against the Unknown Eros. (And let me tell you that Eros, in his best estate, does a precious deal of laughing. He is nut-brown and rosy, and Ishoulda't wonder if he were fed on strong ale and meat, instead of sweets and syliabnb.) "Think not, though, that I love thee less for thy foolish seriousness, for in that thou are the more feminine. No woman yet ever had & man's sense of humor without losing some essence of fineness, some aroma of her sex, priceless beyond jewels. And so I do not accuse you because I would have you other than you. are, bat that you my say to yourself, when yon do not approve me, ' It is becanse, be ing a man, he sees the strange, jagged edges of events,' and the way they fit Into each other— the awful incongraonsne&3 of life ; he smiles oyer the grim irony of the game, and smiles where I shonld pray.' You - will keep on striving for 'the impossible, seeking the gold at the end .of. the rainbow ; and I shall pore over tie pebbles at my feet, in search of some more shining than the rest, to build into onr garden walL We will still be different, bat alike in that we love each other. ' ' " b£. (Telegram.) Are you ill? Why do you not write? 1 ' sks. v- (Telegram.) I am quite well. Letter follows. £33 My Friend: My. last letter tells yon my reason for not writing. How could you have misread it or forgotten r I said then that we have nothing . in common, and that we nrasi-part. What could I add? There was no need of further valedictory. Yet if there be heed, let me say now that I wish you all good, ail happiness and peace. I am your Mend. ... (To he concluded next week.) 