The editor of the Bundaberg Patriot, Jack Perel, accompanied by Messrs. Hayles and Mathewson have been making things lively for Mr O'Connell in the Mus grave electorate, and Labour politics are are being well talked all round. Figaro says, 'The electoral rolls will l-e completed first Tuesday in February.' Why so late ? ' The Electoral Registrar shall on or before the 5th day of December in each year deliver the revised lists to the returning officer, who shall forthwith trans mit them to the Government Printer, who shall, with as little, delay as possible, cause to be printed a sufficient -number of copies,' &c.; As tne type for the rolls is nearly all standing we don't see how the rolls are going to take till February to print. If the Government Printer gets the copy as he should get it the annual rolls ought to be ready by the end of next we k. W. H. Peberdy, who threatens to op pose Johnnie Murray, the Minister for Railways, at the general elections, wanted to know from a meeting of electors at Gracemere 'What respect could the Separatist bodies hope to command fron the Colonial Office at Home when it was found that Messrs. Philp, Chataway, Murray, Cowley. and Dalrymple vote one day as Separatists, and on the next despatch a protest against their own act to what was practically the only final Court, of Appeal.' Mr. W. Browne, Croydon's representa tive, is, we regret to say, not in the l)est of health. Many another man so affected would be taking— ar-speHy- J&ut-; iiBUly ' sticks to his postavgaxdlessof consequence. There is no one in Q jeensland wno~would have the ghost of a show against Jam for the Croydon. Any political lunatic who may attempt the job at next election 'will be an unfeeling donkey. The electors of North Rockhampton are now represented by one of the best de baters in the Assembly, Labour Member Stewart* — whom -W. St. J. Harding threatens to oppose at the coming elections. The North Rockhampton people are not going to accept from the wilderness of non sense a political nonentity like Harding. Stewart does them credit and they know it. ? __ ? Thus Figaro: Hurry up! Hurry up! When you've drained Xinas cup, Now, you know I ne'er needlessly worry ; But, in this time of grace, Mend your pace, mend your pace, For I, Figaro, tell you to hurry! Be alert for the fiolU.^^ Get your name oiTthTTolt; ? Wash your politics, hang 'em to dry ; Take your bite and your sup, Hurry' up! Hurry up! Listen here ! and I'll tell you cos why ! Hurry up, all interested in Queensland's next Parliament. I mean it. The above doggerel is not demented. It is not invented on a scare. It is a serious tip. I have excellent authority for stating that the parliamentary general elections will take place in February. Hurry up and subscribe to the General Elections Fund. Thus the London Daily Clironiclc of a recent date : 'A Reuters telegram from Brisbane foreshadows the triennial General Election in Queensland. It promises to be a very interesesting contest. In Queens land alone, of all the Australasian colonies, the Conservatives have been in power for years, but this time they will go to the country heavily handicapped by the loss of their best platform speaker (the late ^dr. T. J. Byrnes), the scandals in connection with - the Queensland National Bank, and the general resentment and unpopularity they have incurred by their gross bungling over the Vine-Lowles concession in British New Guinea— a dependency that is ad ministered by Queensland by arrangement with Downing-street and the other contri buting colonies. The opposition in the Queensland Parliament is practically synonymous with the Labour Party, led by Mr. Thomas Glassey, so that if there should be a downfall of Conservatism, an intBresting-experimentHWHll be -inaugurated in the shape of a Labour Ministry. In the past Mr. Glassey'8 somewhat revolutionary Socialistic programme, has helped to keep the Conservatives in power by reason of the fear that it inspired, but latterly he has put forward proposals of a much more practicable ahd responsible character, and his chances in the electorate have hereby considerably improved.' 