The Light that Cast no Shadow. Culious stories are 'told about the powe posse.sedby certain natives in India, who lir up among the Himalaya mountains. These o men, it is said, have devoted scores of years the study of natural laws and forces, which rest of the worl l knowI nohi n about. Late a German profsasor visited the "adepts," these queer Hindus are called, for the purpo of finding out the secret of their remarka perfornmace.s. They treated him rather sour ily, but interested hin all the same. One d the profesaor wanted to examine some ancie Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with hi to a cave wherein the books were kept. T place was as dark as the bottom of a well. " I can't see to read, here," said the visits "Then we will have some light," was reply, anid immediately (the professor says) aufi, pearly light brightened the cave. could not till wunllue it came, out he noti that it had one strange quality-" it cast the slighest shadow. " This is a story hard to believe, yet its tt is affirmed by a manrr of vast learning and bi character, and you who now read it -hav reason for doubt except that all the lightsc have seen have cast shadows. Belief or belief commonly runs parallel with one's r! experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the seer of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited' tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and fail to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell h of a medicine which they believe will make hi well. What else but doubt could result frn his experience ? Take an example : " In the spring of 1888," writes our corr pondent, " I fell into a low, weak and lanm state. .I felt low.spirited and out of sorts. first my stomach was deranged, my appet poor, and after eating I had pain and weight the chest. I was much troubled with wi and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bill bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness a great depression of spirits. I kept up with work, but always had a sense of discumfo Off and on I continued in this way for t years, nothing that I took relieving At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, a, procured a supply. After I had taken only few doses I found relief ; my food digested, gradually all nervousless left me. Although had no reason at first to feel any confidence this medicine, never having used it or seen used, I now gladly admit its value, and its pow over disease. Since my recovery, for whid_ thank Mother Saigel's Curative Syrup, 1hi been in the best of health and spirits. Int interests of suffering humanity I deem it a do to send you this testimony. (Signed) Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley I Birmingham, June 8th, 1893." There is a deal of difference betweenr Grifliths candid letter and the story of the li that cast no shadow. The latter may be t enough, but it cannot be verified Without a trouble than it is worth. On the other hand have a trustyworthy witness, who will ans letters of inquiry, and will be found at address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or m about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It on the theory that most ailments are but sy toms, forms, or phases of that universal die -indigestion and dyspepsia; it cures that, e throws the light of health and happiness o hearths and homes where illness and pain cast such dark and terrifying shadows. A that is why people believe all that is told of success by eager witnesses. 