BISHOP HABMER AT MOUNT GAMBIES. The Bight Rev. Dr. Harmer, Anglican Bishop of Adelaide, who arrived at Mount Gambier on Friday night, oondaoted a con firmation Bervice in Christ. Oharoh on Sanday forenoon, and preaohed there in the evening. In the morning the church was crowded in "very part. The Bishop was assisted by the Ven. Archdeaoon Young, who led the prayers and read the lessons. The candidates for confirmation were 29 in number, consisting of 13 young men and 16 ladies. When the ordinary Bervice for the day was oonoluded the confirmation service began, the Bishop taking his place in the front of the chancel imme diately before the candidates. Before the laying on of hands. The Bishop addressed the congregation and the candidates. Having referred to the laying on of bands by the ApoBtles, as recorded in Acts viii., he said he knew that the congregation would earnestly pray for the candidates who would be confirmed, that they might be strengthened. We were apt, he thought, not folly to realise the personality and work of the Holy Spirit; bat His work was so important that even OhriBt represented to His disciples that if He did not go away the Holy Spirit, the Comforter, would not oome, and that they would be the gainers by His departure. How important was the gift of the Spirit they would infer from the faot that in the opening of the Aots of the ApoBtles there were frequent references to it. It would be remembered that on the day of Pentecost the gift of the Spirit fell not on the leaders of the Church only, bat on all the members, the women aa well as the men. Nor was the inflaenoe of the event to be confined to the few who were present; for Peter, addressing the crowd of uooonverted outside, said "the promise was to them and to their ahildren, and to them that were afar off, even as many as the Lord oar God should oall." And so down the course of the ages the spirit of the promise had been fulfilled. In fulfilment of the E remise all down the generations confirmation ad been retained by God as a means of imparting the Holy Spirit. How solemn it was when they thought of God, and of the operation of the Holy Spirit, one of the persona of the Holy Trinity. It solemnised them fio think of it, it was ao mysterious; and when they read the 13th to the 17th chapters of St. John, those wonderful chapters in which our Lord told His diaoiples about the Comforter, they recognised three distinct works which He did. First of all. He was the Convinces and would convince the world " of sin, of righteous' s°ss, and of judgment." And J he Holy Spirit, who was called the Comforter, was by the same term called the Advocate. He pleaded with the individual here in the world and influenced the conscience aud the heart. So He convinced and converted the soul. But the intellect must be moved as well as the conscience, and so Christ told them that the Comforter, " Who was the Spirit of truth, would guide them in all truthj would take of the things of Christ and show them to them, and oall to remembrance whatsoever Ha had said to them, and would show them thiols to come." So it wbb only when the Holy Spirit fell on the disciples at PentecoBt that their point of view was cleared, their understandings enlightened, and they understood things aright. Those who were to be confirmed must not imagine they would learn everything at once. It was only slowly they would know what God was doing. And if there was much they would like to remember let them appeal to toe Holy Spirit and He would bring things to their remembrance. But man had a will, too, and the Holy Spirit came to spur on the will. In His discourse with Nicodemua Christ likened the Spirit to the wind, and as a ship was urged by the wind to the harbor, ao was it in life. They saw men kept back everywhere by many worldly considerations, but our Lord spoke again and again of the necessity of being filled with the Spirit, as in that way only could they keep out evil desireB and evil spirits. In the hour of temptation and danger let them seek the assistance and guidance of the Holy Spirit. Man bad a free will, and God wonld not act upon the boart anlesa the heart surrendered to Him. Hg urged tbam to try and give them* selves up to God, and thus do their part ia ratifying and confirming the proaitea? made oc Ihsi? bepalf at The confirmation service was then proceeded with with much solemnity. During its pro gress the hymn, " Come, Holy Ghost, our souls inspire," was sung by the congregation kneel ing. Then the Bishop laid his bands on the candidates severally, and pronounced toe invooation. The hymn, " Thine for ever, was afterwards Bung. r The Bishop followed with a second short address, He wanted them to feel more and more, the presence of the Holy Spirit; - He wanted thoBo who had been confirmed to realise from time to time how near God was to them. Many were so wrapped up with the things that were seen that they forgot that thoee whioh were unseen were of far greater importance. They believed that God's angels were round about them; and juat at that time when they were doing something in seoret and imagined no one beheld them the angela of God were about them; and perhaps aleo those of their friendB who had gone befare-their parents and teachers-were looking down upon them and praying for them. And sometimes, when they thought themselves the weakest, they had felt suddenly strengthened and had recognised that it was those who had passed beyond the veil that had aas ained them. It was only slowly they began to realise the near ness of God in nature, and by means of the telescope and the mioroscope learned something of the vastness a3 well as the minuteness of creation. Bat all the time God was working in nature, although they knew it not. He was always near them. Would that they could realise the holy fire that should aooompany that realisation. Now he wanted them to possess the spirit of joy and hope, and realise that they had the Spirit of God near them to. help them. Bat they must not bs too pre sumptuous and neglect the ordinances tbat God had given them. Those ordinances were prayer, Bible reading, and Holy Communion. They could have the first two even in ciroum etanoes where public worship and Holy Communion could not be enjoyed. Let them seize all opportunities to pray; and endeavor especially to do BO morning and evening. Let tbem not be ashamed to prav before other people. Even careless people had tho very highest respeotfor those who had. the'Courage of their convictions. Let them read a few verses of their Bible every day, and pray for the assistance of the Holy Spirit. Then he wanted them to realise the duty, of goiijg ta .jrablio worship. During the Lenten eeaBon about to begin they would have epeoial opportunities of doing so. Holy Communion was the: greatest privilege they had on this Bide of the grave. They were never nearer to Christ Shan at Holy Communion, and he wanted them to go regularly to it. Now was the time to wisely choose their companions; They were getting up in life-the youngest of them. - They | had more power, ana were more their' own masters and mistresses than formerly. He earnestly advised them to - choose as their oompamons those who were likely to help them and lead them upwards, not those likely to lead them into temptation. Let them quietly ask the Holy Spirit's guidance in this matter, so that they might cbooBe as companions those who were likely to help them. When young they needed very much the protection V and encouragement of good companions.-. Most people were easily led, and one who had greater power of will than another led the other Just where he liked. Therefore, iet them choose as companions those likely to be of use to them. And if they at any time saw some of those who were confirmed drifting away he counselled tbem to help them, that they might be kept in the right way. He urged them to honor and help their parents, It was one of the Baddest things in life to see young people negleoting their parents. Let them strive to . make their parents' lives bright, and let them'realise more and more that their children were the sunbeams of the home. Confirmation was in tended to mark an advance in the Christian race, and they must remember that and go for ward as Christ's faithful ooldiera to theis lives' end. The reoessional hymn " Songs of praiee the angels sang" was then sung, and the service closed. The service was choral throughout. The psalm ohanted was No. 119, from verse 1 to 24\. The musioal part of the service was well rendered by the choir, and redacted credit upon them and the organist and choir leader, Mr. G. Shakespeare. In the evening the church was again well filled. The Bishop was, as in the morning, assisted by the Ven. Archdeaoon Young. He preaohed an excellent sermon on "Christian love" from 1st Corinthians ziv. 1-" Follow after charity." On Monday morning the Bishop left by train with the Archdeaoon for Tantanoola and Millicent. At Tantanoola ho conferred the rite of confirmation on seven candidates, and at Millicent on four. To-day he goes by rail to Beaohport, and thenos by coach to Robe. 