DIVORCE COURT. ! (Before Mr. Justice G. B. Simpson.) STORIES OF UNHAPPY MARKIAGES. LANCASTER v. LANCASTER. Alice Maude Izincaster (formerly Hulle) petitioned for a divorce from Arnold Gray Lancaster, commercial tra veller, on the ground of desertion. Mr. Cohen (instructed hv Mr. H. M. Cohen) appeared in support of the petition. The i hi Hies were married at Sydney on September lJtli, 1890\. Petitioner raid that her husband hud gone to America, and had not contributed towards her main tenance. Tho decree nisi was granted, and made return able iu three months, petitioner to have tlx- custodj of the child, respondent to pay costs of the suit. ONGLEY V. ONGLEY. Further evidence was heard in the case in which Eliza- beth Mary Ongley (formerly Walsh) sought for a disso- lution of her marriage with William Savage Ongley, a fish-curer, on the ground that within one year previous to the presentation of the petition the respondent had repeatedly assaulted and cruelly beaten the petitioner. Mr. J. G. Kershaw conducted the case for the petitioner. His Honor did not, when the case was previously before him, consider the evidence as to the respondent a con- duct sufficient to bear out the charge made, and ad- journed the matter to allow additional evidence to be called. This being forthcoming, his Honor granted the decree nisi, being of opinion that the petitioner had been very cruelly treated. He made the decree returnable in a month, petitioner to have the custody of the child, respondent to pay the costs out of pocket. COND11EN V. CONDlUiN. Kate Eleanor Oondren (formerly Rogers) sued for a dissolution of her marriage with Joseph Henry O-ondren. a drover, on the ground of desertion for three years and upwards. The jwrtiro were married at Sydney on Juno 24th, 1891, according to the rites of the Presbyterian Church. Mr. Fhmncrv (instructed by Mr. A. Muddle) appeared in sup!>rt of the petition. Petitioner raid that there wore no children of the marriage, and that her husband deserted her five years ago. He told her that tlioir marriago was not valid, nnd would not he recognised by his church because a Scotch minister had married thorn, and she was a member of the Church of England, while he was. as ho put It, "a holy Roman." A letter sent by the rcs>omlent from Queensland to the petitioner wus read. It was couched in brutal terms. In reply to his Honor, the petitioner raid that the respondent had left her against her will. Tlie decree nisi was granted, returnable in two months, respondent to pay costs of suit. BUCKINGHAM V. BUCKINGHAM. Alice Buckingham (formerly White) obtained a decree nisi for a divorce from lleury Buckingham, Iwotuiaker, on the ground of desertion for three years ami upwards. The i»artie8 were married on July 24th, 1891, at North Sydney. The decree was made returnable in three months, petitioner to have custody of tlic child. Mr. J. C. Ker shaw appeared for the petitioner. WINCH Y. WINCH. Sarah Winch (formerly Brooman), petitioned for a dhorco from Louis Winch, a tailor, on tlie ground of de sertion for three years. The parties were married at Sydney on December lltli, 1890. Mr. Roberts (Ijune uud Roberts) appeared in mip|>ort of tlic petition. Petitioner stated that she was a German, and believed that her husband was u Russian. ISvidcucc was given by a sister- in-law of tlic petitioner, who raw the respondent in London after he lad deserted liis wife. She asked him to return to his wife and children, but he replied Ihat he would not do bo, as Iks and his wife could not agree. He declined to wind out money to them, Petitioner told his Honor Unit she hod not agreed with her husband, who used to spend his money in gambling. Ills Honor remarked that it waa Uic same old story. He granted a decree nisi, returnable in three months, |x?titioner to have the custody of tlie children. SMITH V. SMITH. Isabel Smith (formerly Ilowe) was the petitioner in a suit for divorce from James Smith, a plumber, on the ground thut the respondent luid without just cause or excuse wilfully deserted the petitioner, and left her con tinuously bo deserted during three years and upwards. The parties were married on August 14th, 1852, at the Glelx>. Mr. F. C. Boys appeared for the petitioner. Petitioner raid tliat (the had been compelled to leave her husband owing to liis threats. He told her that he would kill her and the children if Hhe did not "clear out" Constructive desertion was relied on. liis Honor reserved judgment. WOR'nilNOTON V. WOHTIIINGTON. John Oliver Worthington, a shoemaker, a young man, applied for a dissolution of bin marriage with Caroline Worthington (formerly Toasdcli) on Use ground of licr adultery with William Nutland. Mr. Boys ap|x\ired in support of tlic petition. The parUcs wore married on September 9th, 1880, nt Macdcraldtown. Evidence waa forthcoming that the respondent nnd co-respondent were living together. Tho decree nisi was granted, returnable In one month, petitioner being granted custody of the children. JURD V. JURD. A niiddle-nged man, William Jurd, n laborer, Bought for a dissolution of his iparringe with Julia Matilda Jurd (formerly Bcaven) on the ground of adultery with William George Monks. The marriage took place at East Goaford on February 20. 1894. Mr. Boys con ducted the ease for tho petitioner. Petitioner raid that lie discovered that ids wife was unfaithful to ldm, and told her Unit be would apply for a divorce, to which she raid: "You are quite welcome." He had reason to complniu of licr conduct with several men. One man with whom he thought his wife waa on improper terms told petitioner thut if he caught IHm watching him ho would Hhoot liiin. Petitioner raid that his wife's conduct worried him, and he very nearly lost his reason. He aaiil that ho was afraid of tho man who threatened to shoot him at Wyong in 181)4 or 1895. Evidence was given of the registration of tlic birth of a child, of which the respondent and co- respondent were the pa rents. Petitioner said that he left his wife in an empty cottage when he separated from her, and had not con tributed towards her sup|>ort. His Honor raid thnt the petitioner had left the respondent, a young woman, of whom ho was auspicious, when, in his opinion, ho should have staved with her. In reply to this observation from the Bench, petitioner gave evidence that at Uic time ho was uoablo to obtain work He waa employed occa- sionally on relief works. lie wanted her to go to i M'Donald River, whore he could have obtained work on a farm, but she refused. He did not recollect why she refused. His Honor raid he was afraid he could not grunt petitioner a divorce. There wus no doubt bIic had committed adultery, but his Honor's opinion was that lie should have stayed by licr side. Petitioner said that when he asked his wife to go to the M'Donald River she began to "rage." llo took the tWo children away from his wife. Mr. Boys submitted that it must be taken that the wife had an ulterior motive in refusing to go with her husband to the place where lie could obtain work. His Honor reserved judgment. He raid lie had to consider whether the husband had not conduced to his wife's adultery by the manner in wliich ho left her. REGAN V. REGAN. The petitioner in this ease was Mary Regan, and tho respondent Michael John Regan. Mr. Russell (instruc ted by Mr. C. T. Russell) appeared in support of tlie petition. The issues were desertion and habitual drunkenness, and 'leaving her without means of support. Petitioner said tliat she was married to the respondent at) Brookgrecn, Hammersmith, London, according to the rites of the Roman Catholic Church, on August 23, 3883. There were five children, two being now alive. Soon after marriage they came to Australia. licr husband suffered from delirium tremens. He used to start up at night Limn thinking there were grinning ghosts in the house, and he would smash the pictures. Witness said that she was a sober woman. licr husband locked her out one night, after trying to strike her with a piece of wood, and threatening to knock her brains out. She obtained a protection order against him. Her last child was lx>rn in the Benevolent Asylum, licr husband being at the time in receipt of £2 34s a week as a plasterer's laborer. lie spent all his money in drink. She wanted a divorce in order to have control of her children, as her husband was always threatening to take the eldest from her. She used to go out working. She had sat up to 3 and 4 in the morning making children's clothing, which she used to go out selling in the day time. His Honor granted tho decree nisi on the ground of habitual drunkenness and leaving the petitioner with out means of support. Tlie decree was made returnable in three months, petitioner to have tlic custody of the children. 