THE GHOSTS OF W06OST0CKI On» of the best storios ot a haunted house is that, which •lated of tl>e Royal ] i'ulace at Woodstock in the year 1849, w hen the coinniisMoiiern tent from Ixmdon bythol.tmj,' r»rlifliiient to take possession of it and lirucc nil the emblems of Royalty shout it, were faiily driven out by thoir fear of the devil, and the annoyances they mflerod from n mmiMi cavalior.who played the imp to udmimlion. Tlio coinmiwiouen, dreading at that tinio no vkvil, arrived «t WoodsLock Oil the 13lh of October, 1049. lite They took up tlicir loJl. lvinu's a|ultincnt«, lurucil the bL-autlful beilroams wid w ulidr„w itivi IOOUIS into kitcll0ll« and scullcrien ; the council-hall iulo a brew-liouire, mid nmde the dinincroom a 11luce to keep firewood iu. They pulled down all the insignia of Royal Slate, and treated Willi the utmost indignity evciything that reoallod to thoir memory the name of the Kinp. One Giles Sharp led them iu the capacity of clerk, mill seconded their eQorie apparently with the ^rosiest zeal. He aidod thorn to uproot II noblo old tree, merely because It was m cnlleil the King's oak, aod tossed the fraKmenu into tho dininir-roou to make cheerful tiros for the commissioners. During the first two daye they hesrd some atrange noise* about tho house, but tlisy paid no great attention to them* On the third, however, they begran to suspect they had got into bad company ; for they beard, as they thought, a supernatural dog under thoir bed, which gnawed their bedclothes. On the next day the chairs and tables btgan to dance, apparently of their own socord. On the fifth day something came Into the bed-chamber aud walked up and down, and fetching the warming-pan out of the withdrawing-room made ao much noise with it that they thought five church bells were ringing in their tars. On the sixth day the plates and dishes were thrown up and down the dining room. Ob the seventh day they penetrated into the bedroom in company with eevenU logs of wood, and usur|>ed the soft pillows intended for the cammisisionere. On the eight and ninth nights there was a oessation of hostilities, but on the tenth the brioks iu the chimneyi became locomotive, and ratUod and danoed about the floors and round the heads of the commissioners all the night long. On the eleventh the demon ran away with their breachee, and on the twelfth filled their beds eo full of pewterplatters that they could not get into them. On the thirteenth night tht glass beoame unacoountably seised with s fit of cracking, and fell into shiver* in all parts of the house. On the fourteenth there was a noise as if forty pieces of artillery bad been fired off and a ehower ol pebble-stones, which so alarmed the commlssioners that, "struck with great horror, they cried out to one another for help." tt'hey first of all tried the efficaoy of prayers Ito drive away the evil spirits, bot, these proving unavailing, they began seriously to reflect whether it would not be much better to leave the place altogether to the devil that iuhabited it They ultimately resolved, however, to try It a little longer, and having craved forgiveness of all their sins betook themselves to bed. Tbatnigbl they slept in tolerable comfort, but It wai merely a trick of their tormentor to lull them into false security. When on the succeeding night they heard no noises they began to Batter themselves that the devil was driven out, and prepared accordingly to take up their quarters for the whole winter in the palace. These *ympton» on their part beoame the signal for renewed uproar among the fiends. On the lab of November they hesrd aomething walking with a slow and solemn pane up suid down the withdrawing-room, and immediately afterwards a ebower of atones, bricks, mortar, and broken glass potted about their ears. On, the 2nd the steps were again heard in the withdrawing-room, sounding to their fanoy very much like the treading of an enormous bear, which continued for about a quarter of an hour. This noise having oeaaed, • latge warming-pan was thrown violently npon the table, followed by a number of stones sod the jawbone of a home. Boms d of the boldest walked valisntly intotbs withdrawing- room armed with swords and pistols, Jhm could discover nothing. Tbey were afraid that night to go to sleep, and aat tip making fires in every room, «nd burning oandles and lampe in great abundance, thinking that as the fiends loved darkness they would not disturb a oompsny surrounded with ao muoh light, Tboy were deceived, however, backet* of water oamt down the ohimneys and oxbinguished the fires, and the candies were blown out, they knew not how.. -Some of the servants, who £ad betaken -themselves to hod,. wan drenobed with putrid ditch water as they lay, and anas in great fright, muttering Inoohereot prayers, and exposing >tp *be wondering eyes of the oemmlssionen their liosn all dripping with grsen moisture, and shsirfcnuokiss led withthe blows theybsd at the samo Ume rsoeived fromeomein visible tormentors. 1 While -they"were still speaking there was a noise like the loudsst th'under or -the firing of m whole >|>erk of artillery, npon whloh they all fell down upon their kneas and implored the protac- Moaetths Almighty, •One of the oommissloners then arose, the athenatai kneeling, a«l asked -in »«mire ; geons voios and in the -toame <of -Ood '.who was there, and what tbey «bad daoa that tbay should :be troubled in that manner. <Mo answer was returut>d, i»nd ^fce sislsss sawed far awhila. At longth, b«wo«r,sui tht oommisslonsrs said, .»*hed«»N«sme again,«usl brought with -it iseven -devita worse than JtieU." Belng>gainln ida»k ness. they lighted ,a oandleand plaoed it in ths i.iioorway jOiat >lt mipbt jfhrow flight npon <he two ehiunben »t oace, fmtftva* suddenly Uom-«nt, scions oontmissionar caidthat be had '".asan therimiltode of-a horse>hosf striUngthe^andleandcandleaticklnto ,themiddie<^-^eohamber,;and idtenraids mMog Jh'rsaf^^e*' snnff to ^tllt ont* person wis so bold iu ~ .whlshword; bub ^e asswted 'toil .hardly wtthdrewp -Jt 1^tom^hh iiiWiird before 4m ^vjsible^a»^liold*f It andtiiggija s with^ |>ommel fiistlie «atl)iK>htain«d. ««tte the nolsee began u w ^ W jrhldi, with im *ocord, ^hqr pi srtK^^to.tbeJmaenbe diamber, ,x,ight pr»yii« and^aingi^p 4»slma. fl3>ey were -hy ithls itunS iCOUignDed ,ghat ibsns =»ssioss ,to J ^ g U |my ionger with Jhe «»worejpIi»vil, t ^ !»ei»nod determined to Mdnes m* & & r ^ ^ ^ X f i ^ t k £ £ ' departure. ' Many years elapsed before the true cause i 0j those dinlurbances was discovered. It ! una ascertained at the R-sloi at ion that t he, whole was the work of Giles Slmrp, the ' trusty clerk of the couiunPHoncrs. Tine man, whoso roul iintiio »iu Joseuli toll ins, i ! was a cmcealetl Koyiilist, nml liaif iwarcd his eurly life within the bowerf ot Woodatnek, ao that, ho knew every hole anil cor. I nor of the place, and tho numerous trnp ' doors and secret pasture* tlnit abniindod in the building. Tlio coniinipMonors, novel ' sus|iccting the tnie sl-no of liif opinions, but believing him to bnn'voluliuniii v lo tin backbono, placed tlio inmost lelinnce upon him ; a eoriHiieneo wliii-h ho HbuHed in tht manner above cictniled lo his own great amusement and that of the few cavalicrt Vihoui lie let into tho secret. 