A CUNNING PANTHER. Captain (’. J. McUiss, 9tk Regiment Bombay nfantry, a well kaowu LuuUr of big jj;ioi«h as mi entertaining paper hi tbo November ‘Soiibmr’* uu panther allowing in Central ndia. He has a good deal*to lay abuut a iutber of diabolical cunning and insatiable For dec whole year, he says, did I hunt the iciitl. Innumerable were the goats l tied up ai ait for him, and unflagging wai the blood* birstyaess with which he responded bj mur lenng ana devout iiig them. Innumerable wer< he days I tciletl and clambered under blazing lot noonday suns over rocks and boulder*, anc brough Ihc iunglb of the hillside; trying to gei iitn ; i*nuaierable were the weary b*urs 1 ►assed on moonlight nights, up trees watching »v*r a goat's murdered reaeaius. All in vaiu. icithtr by day nor by night would he coiue He had takes a. rn.nst o»e-sidtrd view of thf fame. Properly, after devouring, one of my joats, he should in return have allowed himsvl) 0 be fouud Gorged near the SpnS ;he next da}, muFtobe diirv» toward me bj he beattrs ; but he had no true sense of sport IVbile I gasped under a sweltering suh, fruit tssly hunting for him anioug the nullah? ..., iuvircsI, ot Hilling tipau u hot buiiljl.cr *t bluet oek with the sun broiling my brains beneath mj ibiltar-t*pee, awaited his coming in the beat, jc must have been curled up ptact fully nappiM a nouie shady spot, or lickiug his chops n amused reflection at wtioi t he was afford i»g mt. Uuubtlvas, too, he must hmc watched :ne as 1 at amid the swaying branches of the dender bastard teak-tree in Many an all-night sitting jy moonlight watching for him, aud then de juried, concluding that it would be wiser tc aostpone finishing the remains of the goat until 1 should have take* royaelf off. It seemed so, »r as surely as I did not sit up over the remains if hi.s kill, so surely did he return to. it tha< light. 1 Hiu.-t cnnfrss, bo never, he gav« me tbreo . ■nances at uu early stage ef our acquaintance, Dn* ufteenu*u 1 was watching from a tree over ,ke remains of a goat he had killed the night jrforc. It was early in the rains, the day had leen a sbowci j one, amt the sun shone with but l pleasant warmth. There was antirand fre.sk* its* in the jungle about me. Animal and ,*fgetable life seemed to rejoice in the salra* ion the blessed rains had brought them, and at the *ud oT the fieic* mouths of drought. Birds came and perched in the branches above me in the very tree where I sat, seeming to take KO^iulicu of the aiulionUse figure beneath them, ami brightened the jungle for me with Ikeir twittering. The uiiusml amount that thu panther bad left of the goat showed that ho had made but a mild meal for him, aud was doubt less the cause of his arrival «o early in the afternoon ; or it may have burn the heavy showers had disturbed him in his nap and the „ frashness of the air inclined him to stroll. Whatever the c*u*e, he greatly surprised aif by a very early arrival, and This is "What Happened. It stiff wanted an hour or so to sunset. 1 had been beguiling the timebj witching the nervom antics ot the two mongoo.su t wild brothers of Rudyard lviplihgVt famous Kikki-Tikki) about the carcase of the goat. Their liist mtianco on U ti e sci*ne. tm having wiuded the goat, mi? made with the utmost caution. A pair of [jointed little noses,aud tw* p*ic‘ of sharp li-tie Rycs first peeped out fr*m behind some big stones—slowly the owners of them emerged, every huir.ot tliuir quivering little bodies be tokening the utmost sense of danger and aUtt nrss. Growing gradually bolder, they drew near the body, ever keeping the brightest look-out all around, now and again sitting up squirrtl iike, listening all they knew aud *• speering ” about with the nhnrptst eyes fer sight or sound of their dangerous neighbours ; for well th*y knew from whose meal they were about to pilfer — their keen little noses would tell them that. At length the te*»ptiUvu »o.feast grow* too sttoug, ucd they would dive inside the goat’s rib< to snatch a choice morsel, o*]y to pop out the nkxt iustaut all nerves and" trepidation, and then some imaginary alarm wculd-send them scuttling into the bush, then back again oace more the bolder spirit first, more neivous watch fulness again yielding to the deligfc t of another morsel, ind so on over and over again I had almost forgotten the panther in the amused in terest I wis taking in the quaint little creaMires or otherwise shouhl bare paid more atte»tion t« the cxiited conversation that had bee* goi*g uu araoug some birds in a tree out far off. Thus Birds aud Monkeys will often Warn the junglcr of the approach of a tiger—the latter especially take every opportunity to ex press by loud hooting thu intensity of their f< el ing« at the hated presence of either of the dread beings of their juagUs I have heard, luu, that peculiar bark *f the sambar st»g sound again and again in the night- air from out of the dark jungly on the banks of the N»-r* budda, aa he scads out «. warning to his kitd thatMu:dercus “Stripes” is Stalkiug ir.*r. But to return to the panther. The moagoo^ had grown more confidant ami their nerves less *• jumpy,” when something caused me to look down. There, some eight feet below me, al most at the foot of my tree, stood the pauther, a Tery big fellow, in all the jungle splendour of j-bis shining yellow coat . and rich black I rosettes. With ryes fix:u on the roou | goose, ho stood pci fectly motionless save for a gentle nwavihg *f tbo end ^ of bts tail ; hia right fercarm advanced and head held forward below lhe line of his back, he looked .the very personification of beautiful remorseless strength about to work its. cruel will The twe tiny thieves we:e just at that;m*aiont much "engrossed wi.tb.^hp..view, of Ibe goats i* sfdei peering about f«r another tit-bit. Fascia ated by the beauty of Ihe pant her and itteresled to sco what w*uld hajipc*, 1 could **t spoil the picture by liriug. Alter a moment’s pause the panther made a move forward—the* a couple of silent bounds. It was the closest thing — •illy just in time the mongoose "Whisked tkeoiselves tiff like lightning, *»d fled squeaking lain the bush. I he pauther disappeared rflcr them, but the next inemeut his yellow form stepped out from tue green »j*ain into the open. Unfortunately his jiurauit of the mongoose had takeia him uphill, thus brirging him oh a level with the low fork of the tree in which l sat. His quick tye caught sight of me instantly, and he topped, looking . . up at me. Flurried by tho idea that Le would . vanish ou the instant, I threw up niy rifle and lirod wilhout aim. Something yellow, .flashed into the bushes in silence. Missed.1 1 had, indeed, made a mnddlc of it m my desire to study natural bislory. The next timo we met *ight was earning on rain was falling, and I sat drsiiched and miser •.{ able up a tree again. Suddenly, out cf the darknvss he stalked, n dim grey shadow, on to the scene. My rifle rang out - the grey shadow vanished —misted again t The third time it was again night; but there was a lull muou. I am perched iu a tree amid tbic k jungle high upon the hillside neai the erntt,whence I have a wido view of a beautiful rnoon'it landscape lying beneath roc. Suddenly, without a sound, A silvery Panther, or the Ghost el oie, glides softly acrois the open patch of moon light, whcie the pailly-devourrd goat lay—ita form silhouetted in vivid whileuese against the black shade of the surrounding bush “Can’t 1 miss this liine." 1 thought, aa 1 l«wUed my i rine fit him. But I did; and let only those who t know what it is to aim by moonlight cast the firit fline. At lut hit fate overtook him. J ‘ Convalescent.—We are pleased to say that Mr Ii. Harris, is re covering from his recent serious ill ness. Though the progress is slow, as (owing to tho nature of the illness) was anticipated by his msdical adviser (Dr. Stacpoole), there is reason to believe that the improvement will continue. Oddfellows’ Scouts.—A meeting of the sports committee of tho local Oddfellows’ Lodge was held on Mon day evening last. It was decided to hold the annual sports meeting on Friday, 11th November. Particulars of programme will appear in our next issue. Mildren Relief Fund.—A meet ing of the committee was held at Nicholls’ Corryong Hotel on Saturday evening la3t. The hon. secretary (Mr A. M. Falconer) presented a balance sheet, which had been duly audited and certified to as correct by Mr W. Denby. This was received and adopted. The sum of £7‘2 odd had been received in subscriptions and as the proceeds from the entertainment and dance. This amount lias been expended in paying jiro rata the various accounts. Mr Falconer de serves great credit for the manner in which he has carried out the onerous duties in connection with the secretary ship. Anyone interested can inspeet the balance-sheet and accounts by applying to Mr Falconer at the 