GHOST OF ThFnAKED ARM. ORIGINAL STORY. -*Y 'GEORGE WASHINGTON, JUNIOR.' 1 T WAS Christmas night, and as we sat around the large, ? -open fire-place at the Gutta Ranges in the far West, 'smoking our /pipes and sipping red rum, the conversation was turned to ghosts. Thece were six of us present, all sheepmen^&nd; each one freely expressed 'his topinion on the question. Most 'of-'U's.:w.6re decidedly sceptical. A^ last T-tim Wallace, who had hitherto remained a silent listener to our various expressions at doubt and unbelief in the existence of the supernatural, spoke up and said': ' ' You fellows can iaugh at 'me' as much as you like,, but I tell you I believe in ghosts, because I have seen and heard one myself.' Of course, we were all eager to hear about Tom's ghost, the more so because he was a plain, honest, manly fellow, who always spoke the truth and had no romance in his constitution. After a little pressing, and a general refilling of pipes and replenishing of glasses, Tom Wallace continued as tollows. He said : ' In December of 1875 ^ happened to be in Bourke dead broke and look ing for a job, when a gentlemanly young Englishman, somewhat travel stained and very dusty, entered the Wilcannia Hotel and asked the land lord if he knew of a man that would help him drove a flock of yearling sheep to Hay, ' 1 overheard him and at once offered my services, which were readily accepted, the more so because I had old Sootty here along with me, and a better dog on the road than he was then was not to be found in Australia or anywhere else. It was evening, and after helping him to yard his sheep, we both adjourned to the hotel for supper. Alter supper the youne fellow told me his name was A. F. Meredith, and that he had taken up TOM TELLS HIS STOKV. some government land near Collarandij where he proposed to winter his thousand odd yearlings. He engaged me at £6 a month to help him look after them. It was agreed that we should start at five o'clock the next morning and make an eld sheep route six miles distant, the next night. After a hasty breakfast we started on our road, taking with us on a pack-horse our blankets, frying pan, etc., and last but not least, a gallon of good Scotch whisky. . ' It was raining hard when we let the sheep out of the yard, and it kept up all. the livelong day. I tell you it was no1 fun tramping ever that country with fifty pounds ol mud on each boot, under a soaking rain, and I was heartily glad when evening came and we sighted an old deserted sheepcamp. It took us a little time to patch up the tumble down concern and to collect enough wood to staria fire in the hut fire-place. The hut was a fair-sized one and contained two bunks and a big open fire-place, in which we soon had a blazing fire.' ?' ' After a hearty meal of canned meat, damper and tea, we lit our pipes and attacked the demijohn. ' As I said before, boys, Arthur Meredith was a gentlemanly-looking young fellow, so I was quite ready to believe the history of himself which he offered to give me by way of filling up the time till we turned in, and as it somehow to my mind — though I don't know exactly how — seems to belong to what happened afterwards, I will try as far as I can in his own words to re late it to you. He said : I am the son of a gentleman in North Wales — old country — and received a good educa tion at College. Being intended for the army, and very proud of the pros pect before me of one day becomii g a General, I was anxious to pass all the examinations necessary for getting a commission. This I succeeded in doing, and being, like most Welshmen, very proud of my country anddescei.t, I was prouder still at being gazetted as second lieutenant in a Welsh regiment; Our headquarters were at that time in England, and I found my brother officers — most of ' whom were Welsh men, including the colonel, an old friend of .my father's— very nice, sociable, and smart men. The first year of my service passed over very quickly and agree ably. Ipaidseveral visits home during the time, and found my old mountain home a very agree able and quiet . change from my usual everyday active, bustling barrack life in an Eng lish town. But the change-was more agreeable still for giving me the oppor tunity of seeing a certain .young lady named Gertrude Griffiths, the daughter of a neighbour, who had promised sonie day to become my wifei ' ' At length one day came an order from the War Office for pur -.regiment to prepare for foreign service. I managed to get a fortnight's leave, and you may guess where and how I spent most of my time. As tfie-.iaSt day; drew near we exchanged a.giftvf 'rings... Gertrude's gift to me was a peculiar' signet ring which I should recognise anywhere, and of course I swore never to part with it. '?We were ordered to a place in Africa — not very far from the Cape — and a very warm shop it was. The officers were parcelled out in a sort of huts, two in each, one of which was occupied by me in company with another sub. There was a makeshift substitute for a door, which with a hole in the wall provided all the means we had for getting air, so of course — although the natives were awful thieves — we were forced to leave the door open all nights, which as we always had sentries posted and were on the alert ourselves, with plenty of weapons handy, we thought nothing of.' Near the door was a wooden fixture which had to serve as a table for all purposes, a glass being placed thereon, and on which we also placed our watches and rings. I forgot to mention that Miss Griffiths also gave me a small gold locket, which I took care should contain the best miniature likeness of herself that I could procure, and which I always wore under my dress, but which I invariably placed at night with my ring and watch on the table described. 'My comrade was a cheerful but quiet young Englishman, and not at all given to practical jokes', so I knew he had nothing to do wiih what I'll now tell you. One night I was very hot and restless and half dozing when some trifling noise caused me to sit up and look at the door. Some slight gust from the hole in the wall had blown it to. A gleam of moonshine was hall lighting up the door and table, while the bed and I were in a complete shadow. As I looked I saw the door open very slowly and an arm — naked to the shoulder— came gradually in, crept noiselessly on to the table, lifted some thing, and like lightning disappeared. 1 leaped out of bed, gave a loud shout, which awoke Archie Sinclair, my chum, and we both rushed out into the open. Not a sound but the sentry was astir, and he declared no one had ap proached our hut. In the morning I found my most invaluable possession —the brooch, with its much, prized, reminder of my beloved, was gone.' At mess that evening I informed the colonel of my loss, -who advised me to keep a sharp look-out that night, as it was probable the thief would come again for something else.' I was also unmercifully chaffed by my comrades as being one who thought so little of a sweetheart as to consign her all night to a table instead of pressing her image always, night and day to my heart. 'That night I watched carefully, making sure that the door was in the same position, and lying awake all night, but the early tropical sun arose, and morning, or rather day, came without the thief. ' I was for. putting up with the Joss, .however grievous, as the act of some extra clever native rascal, but my comrade Archie begged of me to try one more night— to sit on a chair for two or three hours behind the door with my sword handy and await events, I followed this plan out I felt awfully drowsy after a while, but near mid night I thought I heard a faint whisper. I arose, grasping my sword firmly. The door slowly opened as before — the hand stretched out grimly., and seizing something which it appeared to fix somewhere, was gradually with drawing, when coming down on the shoulder — bare as it was — with a terrible stroke, my sword brought the arm clean off, and it dropped on to the floor without making the slightest wise. rOh the third finger of the reft hand was my ring — I wore it on . the third ringer. There was the arm — long,' thin, and of a bluish-grey tint. Archie and I couldn't tell whether it had' belonged to a white or brown person — . man or woman — and as our surgeon was a curious critical old fellow, we resolved not to mention it, but to bury the arm and await events. Of course, I withdrew my ring, and there it is, Wallace, if you doubt my story. But here com.es the strangest part. Every night after that — wherever we were located — about midnight a slight noise used to wake me, and if sleeping in a room, even with the door fast, it would slpwly open and the same naked arm appear. . At length I grew so nervous and ill from want ot rest that I was forced to resign my commission, and' my father finding me the money, I am now out here' for colonial experience and to see if sheep-breeding will pay. I may say that since! left England 1, have not been haunted. by the ' Ghost of the Naked Arm.' Wallace, we'il: turn in.' We did so, fastening the' rickety door as well 'as we.cdu'd, and blocking up the larger cracks in, the' ftut with clothes and newspapers..' ; ; 1 It was Christinas Eve, and' Arthur ^Meredith declared that he -would jesi over Christmas Bay. in the liut and give the sheep -a chance- to rest BUPrER AT THE OLD HUT. and feed on the young grass that was abundant on the plain near the camp. It did not take us long to get . to sleep, and we had probably slept for three hours when both of us were awakened by a fierce growl from Scotty, my collie dog, who had coiled I imself up in front of the now dying embers. Instinctively I grabbed my six-shooter and lit the lantern we had with us. There stood Scotty, all the bristles on his back erect as the quills of an angry porcupine He was growling and sniffing at the door. Presently there came three loud raps on the door, which fairly shook the whole hut. Simultaneously myself and Meredith shouted ' Who's there ?' ' Breathlessly we awaited a reply — none came. 1 got up, took me lantern in one hand and my revolver in the other and opened the door. Scotty rushed out, and, barking furi ously, chased some object .which looked like a thin streak of light about a man's height around the camp. I lollowed, but the object vanished in the darkness, and I was soon busy quieting the frightened sheep, which had bunched together in a corner and threatened to break down the flimsy fence. On returning I met Meredith. He, too, had seen the spectral apparition, and entering the. hut we gazed at each other for a minute, in silence, when he said: ' If I believed in ghosts I would take my oath that was one.' 'It must have been a pretty healthy one,' I answered, ' to knock as hard as it did, but I'll be hanged if I don't believe it was a ghost all the same.' We put fresh wood on the fire, and after a pipe and two or three drinks, turned in again. I could not sleep, how ever, for I must own though not superstitious I was somewhat scared and perplexed. I was half asleep and half awake when 1 heard Scotty utter a low, angry growl, and looking towards the door, saw, in the fire light, a long, bony, bluish-looking arm push through an opening in the door and try to turn the latch. '(?_ * I reached over and touched Meredith, who woke at once, and 1 pointed to the arm and hand. a .. ' Get out and grab it,' he whispered, and I quietly, slid out of my bunk, pistol in hand, and seized the skeleton wrist An unearthly yell came from the outside, but my hand held only a handful of dust. Banging open the door I gazed into the darkness, and skipping rapidly over the plain again saw that streak of bluish light Scotty gave chase and was gone some fifteen minutes when ' HE SEES THE ABM AGAIN.' he came back with his tail between his legs, shivering like a man with the ague. Neither of us wanted any more sleep, and so we sat up and talked over the odd apparition until daylight, which, I tell you, we both hailed with delight. I tell you, although it was Christmas Day, and the rain was pouring down, we didn't stay in that hut another night, but drove on some five miles to a road-side inn where there was a well fenced paddock, and took our Christ mas turkey there. That night we told the landlord — Jerry Lynch — about our experience, 'and he said : ''You would not get even a tramp in these parts to sleep in that hut for jlove or money, for it bas for some years had the reputation of being haunted. Fourteen years ago an old sheep-drover named Cole lived there. He lived there for three years and must have saved money, for he never came to town or spent a cent except in tobacco.- One day, when the owner of the sheep came around, he found his flock half-starved in the yard, where they had been probably for two days. Old Cole was found in one of the bunks with his throat !cut from ear to ear, and stone dead.' ?Now', boys, you can make as much ;fjra of me as you like, but if v you want proof of wfiat. I've told ;you, just write to A. F. Meredith, care of Bell and Co., Gimley's Hotel, Sydney, and he'll corroborate every word I have said.' ? ? ' IUnjler .these circumstances we had to believe T^i,, iflB|^fc^n|^bed that nigfit wi^^^jrishlvedhg feel ing aboiit us wh^w^tVfire ashamed to-confess. ' '' !,. .. . . v.'-.. * &» *fi nitt.' ... 1 Ift'blden times Christ rmis* caroIe were sung jby the bishops and clergy, the money collecte/iAeHvgjifilributedtjimoiie the Boorr y. k.. .'jpr.y £.?'??- . - ..^ 