THE LAND OF THE CHRISTMAS CKOSTS. By ELCY'E CRAMER. (Continued from last wcek.l "f-qviai'k! Kijuurk: Co iiio outF' said tllfi jl'OOSl1. "I'm filVaitl von mljrlit .so aud hurt iiio,'' came ill nmfiiod Times l'roiii The ifOdclOTlte'S. "1 will, if you don't got nut." To anybody else who might bo Mm piling the jtooso's talk would have sounded c-x- aetly like sqtitiwkintr: but dark was com in it was talking vory jrood Eng lish. aud imdt'i'stood ovoyy word. Ho saw that there was no hope for Idni if lie remained under tlio doilies, so ho bo?an to wriggle out. which was rather it slow jtroooss, aud tho gooje kindly eouclosoondod to assist him, )ty oav.-hiug tlio collar ol' his night-shirt 5u its broad hill, and hauling him tip. But Jack did not like that at all. However, it let go when it saw he was properly om. and putting its head on one side gazed at iiim as though lie were quite an un usual object. Jaok grow ratlior uncom fortable. It would liavc Ix'cn very em barrassing to bo looked at by anybody in that way, but especially by a goose, or. still worse, by a thing that only looked like a goose, and was not one, after all. because it could not possibly be when it was about as big as six or seven of tbcm put together, and did not look at all substantial like most geese did, especially at that time of year, when they are usually all nicely fatten ed up ready for the Christmas dinner. At last, it said, quite thoughtfully for a goose. "Squawk! So you're the boy who says there are no Gliosis in Austra lia, are youV" .Tack nearly jumped on 1o the floor in bis fright. "Ob! oh, no. I said— no, I said— yes," be stammered. But the creature took no notice. "You said there were no ghosts here. That's all you know about it. Look at me! I am a ghost. Don't you know me? I am the Ghost of the Goose you had for dinner Last Christinas Day!'' "O — oh?' cried Jack, spell-bound. "And now," continued the Ghost. "I am going to take you to see the ghosts of ail the Christmas geese and turkeys that, have been killed aud eaten. "Why do you shako so? Oh. you would rather not come, would you? AY ell, but you must. Besides, you know, you are not afraid of Ghosts. I heard you say so." It bent down its long neck, and with out waitiug-.foi'JatkAi.jjeriRission seized the back of bis ulgbtifrt in lis great white iieak; anSifted blth' as easily as though be bad been a- kitten. It paid not the slightest attention to his strug gles, but, flapping those wide, silent wings, it slowly mounted upwards. Through the ceiling, which melted away at their approach, on, up towards the sky. What a journey it was! Jack had never had such a strange ride before, and fervently hoped he wouid never have such another. They seemed to have flown right up into the midst of the sky, aud as Jaelc looked about him he could see nothing but' a dark, misty blueuess all around and above and be low. This was not very encouraging, for he could have no idea whatever in which direction ho was travelling, and he wondered very much how he was going to get back again. Ho did not feel particularly comfortable in such a vory unusual position, for his arms and legs were hanging down iu such a pecu liar way that he felt as thougli tliey no longer belonged to bim. and would not have wondered the least bit if they had all dropped off. At last before them seemed to . rise a thick, white mist, which was so dense that until they came quite near, nothing could be seen through 4L And then Jaek nottccd for ; the first time that crowds of white shapes were hurrying along past them towards the mist. Some were like geese, aud a great many like turkeys, aud here and there among them flow different kinds Of birds, but tbe.v (,vero very few. Presently there came some thing which puzzled jack very much at first, rushing and tumbling along very fast iu among all the rest. But it turned out to lie a tree, and after it came seve ral others, all Tory much of the same kind, tapering to a point at the top, their lower branches beiug the largest and strongest. They were of a dull, whil isli green, and the leaves were so indistinct and jumbled up together that one could not possibly be distinguished from another. Each tree was chopped straight across the lower part of the trunk, just above where (he root should have been. Jack hud just had time to notice ail these derails when something flew along in front of bim which quite took liis thoughts away from every thing else. It was -another of those strange ghosts, only it was the queerest of all. It had no head. But It seemed to know its way 3s well as the rest, and did not appear to find ils decapitated condition at all inconvenient. Then there were several that had lost a wing or a leg, but none of them seemed to feel the want of lliem at all. But the ; next thing Jack saw quite made him laugh. It was the goose's head floating along quite by itself, with an auxious troubled expression on its l'aee, evi dently looking for the bird that had lost it. After a while it caught up with the headless creature, and fitted itself ou quite naturally. It was the same way with the limbs. They could travel quickly because tliey were small, aud generally managed to fix themselves ill their places before reaching their des tination. Just now and again a poor, sad-looking leg or wing could not find its owner, and wafted about looking ex tremely forlorn. Everything was flying straight into 1 the cloud of fiiist, and soon Jack found himself beiug carried right iuto the mid dle of it, too. At first it almost choked him, and he gasped for breafh. The dense vapor seemed to fill his lungs, and presently lie found lie could breathe no longer. However, this did not matter at all, and gave him far less trouble, aud be quite forgot to be surprised that he was still alive. (To be Continued.) 