A MARVELLOUS EARTHQUAKE REPORTER. Ghost stories have short shrift in modern times when they interfere with the elucidation of scientific problems. This at least was the case with regard to one promising and romantic popular super- stition concerning the effect of curious experiments now being tried on the Isle of Wight by Professor John Milne, the celebrated investigator of earthquake phenomena. The quiet locality in which he has erected his buildings and apparatus for the purpose of taking records of earthquakes is within the grounds of Carisbrooke Castle. Around that venerable pile very gruesome memo- ries have clustered ever since the days when Charles I spent thirteen months as a prisoner within its walls, while Crom- well and Bradshaw pushed on their plans for bringing their royal captive to the executioner's block. Strange ghostly shadows have been seen moving across the grounds, flickering lights have ippeared from the crumbling, walk of the ruin, and other eerie things have been noticed : In the little village of Shide is well as at Osborne, whero the frieen resides, thore has been much liscussion over tho rashness of Pro cessor Milne in' obtruding his scien tific experiments into precincts so ncred to martyred majesty ; and some of the gossips sagely prophesied that no {ood would come of his attempts— that tho ghost -would not permit a successful iesecration of its. domains! But the Professor and* his Japanese assistant merely laughed at all predictions of iisaster, and went on defying the ghost Two strong stone cham bers were built, and in these were placed columns of' solid masonry from which were hung two heavy beams. Of these the more delicate, upon which the success or failure of tho whole system lepends, works in darkness excepting bhata small slit allows a narrow pencil of light to enter and to photograph the movements of the end of the beam upon sensitised paper kept in slow but con stant motion by clockwork. Everything was properly prepared, and the apparatus was set for a long run, at the close of which it was examined, and the lamp was found to have gone out before any extensive record had been taken. This happened repeatedly, and the tale spread down to the village. Then the wiseacres shook* their heads with the air of those who say 'We told you so!' Plainly the . ghost of Charles L had -extinguished that lamp ; each time, and the seismologist had better give up his attempt to wrestle with such, an uncanny visitant! But the matter-of-fact child of the Rising Sun, who knew little about Charles L and cared still less about his. ghost, coon solved the mystery by finding the remains of a tiny insect that had fluttered down the chimney of the lamp - and put an untimely end to the seismo logical record by extinguishing tho. light. This difficulty having been - overcome another enemy appeared in the shape' of a spider tha£ exerted itself to pull the end of the recording needle out of plumb, and so produced what looked like evi dence of an earthquake strong enough to wreck all Japan. Then this same incor rigible spider . fastened the needle so firmly with his web to a piece of contiguous metal as to apparently put an end to all earthquakes whatever ! Later a little woodlouse entered into the spirit of the fun and blocked the light from the slit by peeping through it. These and other annoyances were avoided by making the apparatus insect-proof; and now it is working with marvellous regularity, taking records of the earth-tremors from shocks which may occur in any part of tho world. Those who have nob studied seismology may regard the Isle of Wight as one of the worst places in which to attempt to register the time and the intensity of earthquakes. The only very noticeable tremors which have happened in England for something like a generation past were those of 1884 and 1898; but these were not sufficient to cause the couutry to be classed as one suffering specially from seismic influences. In the latter year the observing officer 'at Greenwich, when in terviewed by a Press representative in quest of -information, ' smiled and rV inarkecC Oh, earthquakes are' not much in our line!' and added that 'outside of Professor Milne's elaborate ' studies' in Japan, hardly any really adequate inves tigation had taken place.' As Professor of Seismology at Tokio, Mr. Millie had devised observing instru ments of such delicacy that he got a record or . toe snocic in J&ngiana;, ana was ible to correct an error in the reputed time of the occurrence. After that achievement it became tolerably obvious that an equally sensitive apparatus, if constructed in England, would take good records of; the vigorous and ener getic earthshocks to which Japan is ac customed. Professor Milnt* had. de- monstrated quite enough in Japan to show that'in his capacity of the world's Seismograpber-in-Chief he need not con fine his work to a place in which some of the buildings, according to his own inge nious device, have to be constructed upon rows of cannon balls to prevent destruc tion from earth disturbances. Indeed, tho delicate instruments' were apt to suffer through the too close neighbour hood of the scene of disturbance, just as the ears of a music-lover would bo im paired if their owner had to sit in an orchestral concert within a yard or two of the biggest trumpet. As a rule the Carii brookc Observatory receives intimation of at least one earthquake somewhere in the world during each twenty-four hours. The day preceding, the visit of Mr. Cleve- land Moffett, who describes, the place in an interesting artidein 'Pearson's Maga zine,' happened to be an exception to this rule, and the line traced- upon the slowly moving strip .of paper was per fectly straight. In a very ' peacoful locality like the Isle of Wight the absence of disturbing traffic on railways and roads gives the best chance for the detection of distant earth tremors. Mr. Moffett mentions that the weight of a few vehicles on a road would be sufficient to cause seismographic beams, 'if hung on each side, to deflect quite perceptibly towards each other. '? ? ??'? ' ? — The ponderous hanging-rods employed are virtually gigantic pondulums which swing upon their supports as soon as even tho slightest motion of tho earth takes place. Tho less delicate of the two instruments is used to give the first intimation ' that an earth shock has been - experienced * some where'; and then,! by determining the exact, time at which it occurred, the more complete and accurate -photo- graphic strip showing the- motions of the other pendulum can bo readily examined at the correct place. The first*' apparatus makes its own record by the direct pres sure of a silver needle upon a slip covered with lampblack and moved in a vertical direction by clockwork. . A tremulous movement in the line traced by the needle shows that, ?there':*. has been some vibration at tLeJ time -indicated on the ? register..- ''If, :- for ' example;' South Australia were again to. experience such a visitation as that which occurred in May. of last year it would not be necessary to rely upott evidences like that of overturned or stopped clocks in order to ascertain the exact moment at which the earthquake happened. 'Go abroad and hear news,' says the old proverb ; and people who live outside of England will now in most cases have to rely upon Professor Milue for an exact statement/ of the times at which tho phenomena of earth tremors began »nd od Jud. Those tell-tale swing ing beami are to wonderfully aeautive that they will accurately gauge, a diffe rence in level. of only one inch. in. ten miles. Lord Kelvin, during a lecture 'on physics, once brought his hand down with' % thump on the table and asked his students why the people in Aus tralia could not observe and take- a record of the disturbance which he had made? Simply, he replied, becauso they do not possess instruments which are sufficiently sensitive. It was certain, however, that the vibrations caused by bis hand had passed in waves of ever decreasing intensity to the other sidaof the world. When Professor Milne is able to recognise in England the existence at the antipodes of an earth tremor which sounds like the rumbling of a heavy cart, he is obviously advancing towards tho ideal indicated by the celebrated Glasgow physicist. 