The Advertiser MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1898. THE CONVENTION. THE temperature of the Federal Conven- <*> tion has been decidedly high of late. Perhaps the fact should nut excite surprise, for the Convention is a kind of political hot-house in which a desperate attempt is being made to bring a forcing process to a successful conclusion. Outside, the atmosphere is decidedly cool. The constitution-makers arc unsupported by any appreciable amount of external interest or sympathy, but they have gone on with their task as if nothing could discourage them. Some of the delegates undoubtedly arc making use of the Convention for other purposes than advancement of the high and holy cause of federation. Over the discussions of the federal question lies the trail of provincial politics and personal ambi tions. Sir. Reid and Mr. Lyne, for example, bare evidently been fighting each other for points to score with at the ensuing general election in their ovrn colony. The leader of the Opposition made a strong card of the federal capital; last week the Premier saw his chance ami " went for" the minor States and their representatives—a good card to play ill Kew South Wales, for there, as in Victoria, the small States are constantly berated as impudent and im portunate beggars. Mr. fieid was iv fine fettle, and gave an entertaining ex- ! hibitton of his best hustings manners. He crushed a Tasmanian delegate with the satirical remark that *:on!y some heavenly intelligence could explain how thehon. member got hero;" the insult o the individual was not enough, and so the island-colony was again reminded, in a tone of splendid superiority, that it is abso lutely the "smallest." Sir John Forrest was contemptuously brushed aside as a gentle-, man wbo *' happened to represent some \ very successful goldiields at the extremity j of this continent." Mr. Reid's ** heated j retorts" to interjectors would not of course bear cool reflection, aud so he owned, ajtologetically, in a subsequent speech imploring other delegates not to provoke him ; but one may be permitted to doubt whether his impulsive disposition is altogether at fault. The heroics in which Mr. Reid periodically indulges look; uncommonly like the trick of playing: to the gallery. He addresses another] audience than the Convention, and he knows it. Mr. Wise stated recently that he had paid several visits to New South i Wales during the currency of the Mel bourne session, anil each time he returned more than ever " startled with the strength j of the wave of provincial feeling passing i over the colony." Even Mr. Wise, in a mea sure, and with marked reluctance, concedes! something to this feeling, in order to "save federation;" but Sir. Seid, it seems, is prepared to go the -whole hog, not having much hope of federation, but with patent anxiety to keep oa the top of j the ** wave." The delegates are by no means un mindful of the decay of interest in their protracted proceedings. Tl;e Press re ports arc uncommonly brief, and from this circumstance doleful conclusions arc drawn. Sir John Forrest says:—"The people of Australia are not taking auy| very great interest in what we are doing, j The Press know what the public want. If the subject is interesting to the public, ; they will not neglect it." What seems -to I underlie the general attitude of the public j is the conviction that nothing is likely to come of a constitutional1 arrangement burking some of the: largest national questions, and, for] the rest, buiit up on the shifting sand of a series of compromises with which nobody is satisfied. It ought to have been clearly established at first whether the colonies are to federate, or to unify. The Convention is divided on that funda mental ijucstion, and its scheme is to mis up two incompatible principles, the result bcin<r a hopeless mess. Victoria has always been understood to be the colony most ardently desirous of Australian union. It craves the markets of the other colonies for its highly developed industrial system. But its political doc trinaires Slave discovered that the federal system will not suit Victoria ; they ram into the Bill as much unification as they can, and if at the end it is not found to be enough, thcu Australian union can: ! wait —till the minor States have been educated up to a seu.se of the short cuniings of federalism, and the enur mously superior advantages of a system that trill enable two States to rule live without let or hindrance. The popular " federal" teaching in New South Wales is of the same general complexion. iJul; iv that colony the question vi the federal capital is a "lion iv the path," whose roar would put to shame a whole menagerie of constitutional wild beasts. A concession has been made to New South Wales by the recent decision that the federal capital shall be federal territory, but there is still a sickening dread thai Victoria will jjet the votes of the other colonies, and that by ceding Itallnrat to the Commonwealth a powerful rival will obtain an advantage "the cash value" of which the Sydney Daily Tdegroph estimates at about £300,000 a year. To this, it appears, New South Wales has the first tirle because of the extraordinary '? financial sacrifices" she is going to make in com bining with Victoria to absorb the smaller colonies. Those " niLaor States'' are losing interest iv federation probably beciusc they wonder where, when Victoria and New South Wales are satisfied, they will come in. If fede ration is to be only a '" smile for them, they are hound to reckon the cost. The much-amended constitution, from which, as Sir John Downer ac knowledges, the first principles of federalism have been disappearing bit by bit, invites them into a representative system in which, as States, they will hare no rights of any value. They Trill part with legislative jiD-.vcrs on a large scale to a body in which they nr.y be ihre&leucd.; Cwereed, and iinally over come. They v.ill h:n>l over the sub- ? stantuil jjirt ol" their tinaiiccs ti> aj Pji-lianient in which their o?vn House is > ti) be of no account, and will bu maile huinb'e dependents on the bounty of the ; Common wealth for the very means to live. JSo far as this colony is concerned j the river question is seUled unfavorably to its interest; the railway settlement is at : least of doubtful value; and the best jnarket for South Australian producers I and manufacturers will not be freely open until seven years after federation. It is not surprising that the prospect of the proposed uuiou should fail to excite enthusiasm. Much criticism of the Convention's work proceeds ou the principle that, whatever is decided, we ought to take it and be thankfuL The theory is that the main point is to unite ; whether the union is to be a loving eiabrace or a bear's hug, let the future decide. The colonies are to federate, and "chance it." This appears to us an entirely fal lacious view. The terms of a union which is to ha indissoluble are of the utmost possible consequence to every State. And great questions of principle are not to be put a>:ido or dealt with on wrong lines merely because they are troublesome. The JleJbourne Argiis thinks that the larger States have every reason to be satisfied "because they have gained large concessions to their unification idea,"' and that the small States are not entitled to complain of not winning the full status of the small States in America, Switzerland, and Germany because "in the present temper of the Australian democracy—a.democracy not familiar with federal principles and federal institutions—so much was impos sible." Aud bo everythiug is for the best. Tint vre are not impressed with the cogency of this argument. The small States looked for federation—not for unification, either wholly or in large measure. If the present temper of the Australian democracy is anti federal, it will ho better to wait till that temper changes ; if the democracy is not familiar, with federal principles and federal insti tutions, it appears that further educative work is needed. However, it is not the Australian democracy that has made the difficulty; it is the representatives of the Victorian and New South Wales democracy, or rather those who have advocated unification in the hope of pleasing the majority of that democracy. Mr. Wise declared last week that the deadlock clause was "a mere concession to popular ignorance." The people of the larger States had been frightened iuto a demand for this novel and unnecessary macliinery "by the ghost of dead Vic torian controversies." But, as he said, " there is no analogy, aud never will bo, between the House of Representatives and the Senate, and a Legislative As sembly and a Legislative Council. The suggestion is utterly misleading, and dangerous to the cause of federation." Why should the small States make concessions to the anti-federal spirit, when tho demand for such conces sions arises from unfatniliarity with the principle at stake, and when com pliance with it involves serious danger to their interests 'I A price, a good price, can be advantageously paid for federa tion. But what we buy should be federa tion, and not a bogus article that takes the name. 