TWO BUSQt ABS ANJ) A GHOST. Nicholas Nicholson, in the employ of the Great Northern Railway Coanpany, lives at No,. 2 Suburban Yillas, Hult and he is a first r^te^mateur gardener. Mat. Mat son, joinery lives at No. 3t a,nd his favorite hobby is poultry rearing. Naturally, SJr. Nicholson and Mr. Mat* son were sworn enemies. Civilization has i^ot yet attained such $ degree of perfection th$t~a gardener and 4 keeper of chickens can live peaceably side by side; conse-. queatly the two neighbors-both estimable men in every other respect-were ever ready to quarrel on. the slightest provocsv tion.. j " I'll kill every chicken that comes into, my garden," said Nicholson, savagely. "And I'll make you pay every blessed, time/' responded Ma&son-and; lie did. Que night, when Mat. numbered his flock, he counted one short. Two days later he missed another. Shortly after-! i Wyards a fourth, disappeared* ! If a that cur Nicholson, without s ' douht/' said Mat- to his wife. "He thinks that by secretly kidnapping one at a time he will wipe out my stock, but I'll w-ipe him off the (ace of the earth, the thief! the black-coated, stuck-up blackguard!" *' But you don't know for certain that'he is the thief," sbrevxdly iftteiposed, Mrs. Matson. " No but Itl soon, find OUE. That chicken which disappeared, to-day is now in his pantry.. I'd like to bet a sovereign on it. I'll make assurance doubly sure by seeing it with own eyes. Yes, I'll break into his house to-night after he has gone to bed,, and if I find my chicken in his pantry I'll have a policeman at his d>oor before he wakes up." At 1.30 a-tu. Mat jumped over the railing which separated his poultry run from Nicholson's garden, and he inspected the lock on the back kitchen door. He had tools with -him, but they were not needed. The door was unlocked. The careless clerk must have forgotten to lock it. Mat noiselessly entered the kitehen, and elosed the door behind hinn He was soon inside the pantry^hut his courage suddenly forsook him. Up to that moment he had felt so. con vinced of .his neighbor's guilt that he thought himself justified in. sneaking into Nicholson's house. Now that he was safely inside he dared sat strike a match in order to find the whereabouts of his lost chicken. To make matters worse Mat heard the sen ad of moving feet. Nicholson must . have heard him. Mat was overwhelmed with nervousness and fear. He would have willingly sacrificed everyone of his precious chickens to get out of the scrape he was in, but he saw no possibility until alfi-the flour bin,! i A long, narrow floor bin occupied the- j floor space of the pantry, and without hesU~ tation Mat raised the lid* smuggled him- ! self inside, and closed the lid after him, Only just in time. One te :oad later two persons came into the pantry, The one who spoke first was evidently la boy." "Ah!" thought Mat; " tLafc s Nicholson's son, young Nick." . . A gruff voice commanded the boy to hold ills tongue. w That's old Nick," said Mat to himself. But it was neither young Nick nor old Niek. The man was a burglar, and the boy was his son. They had overhauled the clerk's house and, before departing with their booty, had come to look if their was anything to eat. There was; and while the burglar and his son were partaking of a hearty-meal in the kitchen, Mat gently lifted the lid of the flour bin and surveyed the scene. At first Mat was glad, He breathed treely when he saw that he had nothing to fear on his own account, and be was im mensely delighted to think that his dis agreeable neighbor had been robbed. A eack, which rested against the burglar's chair, contained all the clerk's treasures. Then Mat's better nature asserted itself. After all, Nicholson was only &q; ilUpaid clerk. Although proud, he was wretchedly poor, and & visit from a burglar meant that his wife and children would feel the pangs of poverty for many a month. <. What a shame!" muttered Matj '< the poor chap shall not be robbed ; no, not if Mat Matson can help it." T{jen, crawling out of the flcqr bin, he cautiously made hi_B way toward the burglars. He was cohered with flour, and he looked like a ghost, but Mat himself did not notice this. His only thought was to. get possession of the burglar's sack. " Suddenly the boy caught sight of the ghost," wiih a howl of terror and dismay, he took a flying leap clean through the kitchen window, and made off as fast as his legs could carry him. The aid burglar turned round in astonish* ment. When ne beheld the ghostly figure, he quaked with fear, but only for a moment. That moiqent, however, was a moment too long, for Mat sprang upon him, and with a powerful blow betweeu the 6yes sent him sprawling on the floor. . The blow convinced the burglar that he had not to contend with an apparition, but before he could regain bis feet, Nicholson came to Mat's assistance the burglar was secured. " Thanks, my dear neighbor," 6aid Nicholscm, " I should have been ruined but for you. I shall never be able to repay your kindness. How did you know that a burglar was in my house, and however did you manage to give yourself suoh a ghostly appearance ?" " I-er-that is," began poor Mat, ** I saw the burglar enter your house, and I followed him; I thought I would §£&re; him away> so I-er-took the liberty of rolling myself in your flour bin to. make myself look like a ghost.'* Capital idea J You're a genius. You ought to be a detective. It was very kind of you to protect my property when we ar« not, I am sorry to say, on the bes.t of terms, Matson, let us be friends." *' Your hand, Nicholson !" Search the United Kindgom,and yau will not fi%d twa better friends or more agree able neighbors than Nicholas Nicholson, amateur garderer, and. Mat Matson, poultry reader. 