DAYS OF DANGER. [copyright.] Thrilling Narratives of the BushraogiDg Times. Keenan's Ghost. — ♦ — *' ?' BY CAPTAIN LACIE. ? +.. IN FIVE PARTS. ? ? ? PERIOD, 1846. ? » ? PART II. ? 'If theBe trees could only talk,' mur mured Keenan, ' what a great deal more . . we should know. That big fellow co-ild 1 tell'iiB all about the poor wretch beside it. At any rate, he couldn't have died of thirst,' he went on as he waded a small creek to continue his work. ' There is water enough about here to swim a ship if it was ail gathered together. ?Thev sav thirst ia the worst kind of :? -nieathju- meet, but I suppose it's all the ' satne in the end. It might have been 'hunge?, though that's not very likely, as ' there is a little food about here — if one can only get hold of it. Surely we've given'Jt a Christian burial us well as we : ^oura, though it would have-been all the ' better for the priest. We can't help that now. I eed a .prayer myself over the relics, and we are tould the prayers of a good 'man avtileth much. Confound that sprig ! Ob, the curse of Cromwell on il ! 'Tig fifty feet long, an' sure I'ye ?'' bin cuttin1 at it for five minutes. Are you there, Western ?' This was about ihe burthen of Keenan 'u soliloquies during the day. He kept Weeton well at hund, and if the latter's axe failed to indicate his whereabouts the Irishman soon hailed him. The particu lar part of the district where the body had been found was (he worst which the surveyors had so far encountered, and alow progress was made Every day or so the camp, which was well equipped, was shifted nearer to the terminus of the truck, and on the day ? following the gruesome discovery it was ? 'carried to a point not fifty vards from '?'? the monster stringy- bark tree, beneath which the bones were laid. Tlie men as ? a body were not at all' superstitious. . Except the leader and Keenan, who, like Richard the Third, were more afraid of shadows at night than the substance of ten thousand men, the others would as snnn face a ehoBt as run away hom it. ' . Tnie was a fact which did much lo ensure the harmony of the camp and stamp \- Edward&'s party as the best for rough wild work in the colony of Van Dieman'e Land. - During the day Keenan was a ghost in himself, but at' night the cry of the -'' curlew seemed to him a repetition of the ' Banshee's Wailing, and he allowed imag ination to unsurp the place of reason. The usual practice of a surveyor's camp ie to have one regular cook, but in ? -Edwards'* this rule was departed from, ' ' and Walsh, Jones, and Keea&n; took week about at the ? work. ?? It so happened that the week follow ing tho discovery of the skeleton was. Eeenan'aturn to act as chef, aud 'like everything else he did it wall,-.1 Un fortunately for him/he was alone a. 4 con siderable portion of the .day, ind thej camp was in the immediate vicinitdp*'^ .the^'j&|ty'e4ree?»as the menteraejiTjk ,;''~ Hlscomrades were 'always, in sbUndoT ?ijie camp, and in nine, cases out of ten returned before dark, but frequently not until after twilight had Bet in. It was oh the evening of 7th May that Michael Keenan received the Bhock which wasae acutely felt that he deter mined to sever his connection with the party and -leave the service of the government.' True, he was partly dis suaded from doing so, but he managed, by the way he worked, to have the whole party transferred to another por tion of the colony, a course which pleased all the men. Evan Edwards's supersti tion materially assisted towards that. The sun had set and the gloom of , night was fast approaching. The deep shadows momentarily growing darker were creeping over the scene, and never before had Keenan felt the indescribable lonliness and solitude of the place. 'By Heavens t I should go mad if I had to spend twenty-four hours in this locality- by myself. It would be worse thin death,' he murmured. Never before had he so missed the comfort of human. companionship, and though he busied himself in mnkin? pre parations for his comrades' dinner — for ' the principal meal was in the evening lie could not shake off the deep depres sion which, like a nightmare, set upon him. . 'It's time they came, anyhow,' he murmured, walking from the cheerful looking fire on which the camp-oven swung, and going to the side of the track which ran past the spot. Of course the first object on which his eyes rested was the giant tree which formed, so to speak, the mammoth obelisk which marked the Unknown's grave, and as he looked he 'devoutly crossed himself. A few yards beyond '? . the tree the track gave a sudden turn to the west, and he'waa about turning away ' firiifiappointrnimt when-a- figure-turned- the corner of living vegetation. : '... 'That's Edwards, thank goodness. The others won't be far behind. Well, everything is ready, at all events,' he . . said aloud, as if it were some thing sooth ing he gazed on the approaching figure. In a few seconds tho man was at the foot of the tree eagerly scanning around it, and as Keenau looked an indefinable feeling of horror tilled liis heart. His supposed chief was none other than the ghost of the buried corpse. There, waB the bald head, and as he turned and searched about, the Irishman fancied he could see the scar across the forehead and the sinister look. Yet it was not quite the same, for a long beard . now overgrew the face. Keenan was a brave man except where the supernatural was concerned, and for the life of him he could not move from the spot he stood nn,' and his tongue '' refused to act. Each moment he became .more than ever convinced that.it was no , . living roan, but the phantom of the J bones— or rather the ghost of the photo-' ? '. graph — which he was looking on. It moved about noiselessly and seemed to be hunting for its missing skeleton, for it went down on its knees and ex ami tied the ground most minutely. Then it went to the grave and back on to the track in a few seconds. After again examining the particular spot where the bones had lain, the object sprang up noiselessly and silently plunged into the dense bush towards the west, holding a skin cap in its hand, and most clearly revealing the bald head. A few moments later Edwards, Junes, Weston, and Walsh came into sight, and gave a cheerful coo-ee as a salute to the cook. It remained unanswered, and when in a couple of minutes the four men came up, Keenan was standing rigid in tho same spot and looking as if indeed he had seen a ghost * What on earth is the matter, Mike ? Are you struck dumb or petrified ? What the deuce is the matter, 1 say ?' aBke-l Edwards. For answer Keenan turned his head in 11 stiff sort of a way as though he were a Marionette and worked by springs, and gazed with wide-open eyea on his chief. ' Is there anything amiss, Mike? I hope you haven't got lock-jaw or any thing like that. What is the matter?' queried Edwards again. ' I've seen it,' was the short response gaBped out. ' What do you mean by it f Tell us what you mean. You haven't seen a ghost, I suppose,' asked EdwardB, ' Yoa, I have. I've seen the ghost of the man we buried at the foot of the big tree there, just now. It ran away when you came along,' answered Xeenan in a feeble voice. A loud peal of laughter from Weston, Jones, and Walsh greeted this state ment, but Edwards remained as silent as the stricken Keenan, and asked for further information. ' I'm going to be a dead man soon, I know. Anyone who sees a sight like that never lives long,' groaned Keenan. 1 1 tell you, I saw the ghost --f that skeleton there not five minutes ago. I came here to see if you were coming, and a moment or two afterwards it came into sight there at the bend. Going to the tree just at the spot we found the bones, it be^an to search about, and even went on its knees. It looked at the grave once and then searched again, but ran awny when you came along.' 'Ran away, eh? Ran away ! That's good for a ghost. You should say it melted or floated away, Mike. Ghosts don't run away, you know,' interjected Jones most irreverently. ' Here, what have you got for dinner, Miko 1 Not phantoms, 1 hope. We want something more substantial than that, 1 can tell you,' added Weston with a laugh. 'As sure as I'm standing afore you I am telling the truth. There it was with the great bald head and the scar across the forehead, only there was a beard over the face. It held a fur cap in its hand, bo I could easily see the head,' retorted Mike with conviction. ' But ghosts don't grow beards, so far us I know,' replied Jones with a merry laugh. ' You forget that at the time the photo, wae taken the man was shaved, as we can see there, but at the lime of death 1 lie beard would most likely have grown. In fact, in a locality like this, you will not find many barber'B shops, and bushmen do not carry razors. In fact, Keenan, your description' would be just what I would expect the original of that photo, to develops into beforedeitth,'remarkiJ Evan Edwards in a half convinced way. The three other men did not care lo openly rally their chief on the subject, but they exchanged smiles and meaning glances with each other and went towards the ore in order to make pre parations for the meal, as they could Bee Keonan and Edwards were deeply inter ested in the apparition which had so unexpectedly appeared to disturb the harmony of the party. , Eeenan continued to impress on the .willing ears of his chief what he had seen, liud^thBsurveyorbcjcaii^Ui Jj^Uoye- 'TJ'ntetemiantB «b £rmlyns if tie luraself id seen -the spectre. ; Indeed, the ordinary reader of today who may chance to notice this as he sits in his snug and cosy drawing-room with his family around and police within call, may venture to scoff at Keenan's fears as utterly absurd and improbable. Yet some of ihe brightest intellects of the day are banded together in Psychological Research So cieties to try and discover the origin of the mysterious phenomena by. which man ia admittedly surrounded. And let that sceptical reader place himself in Keenan's position. The Irishman had observed a figure which resembled the photo, found beside the skeleton. There was 1:0 doubt of that, and it waB subsequently proved. Moreover, the surroundings were awe inspiring. The solitude, the wildness — the death of day — all conspired to in fluence ihe human mind. Both Edwards and Keenan 'had been brought up to believe in folk lore, in ' fairies, in banBhees, and ghosts. It had seized on their minds, and deeply rooted as it was, there could not be a doubt they both believed — one in the evidence of his senses — the other in the evidence given by his friend, and on whom he could rely. In a sort of mechanical way Keenan assisted to lay the rough bat substantial dinner, and his mates seeing the look of perturbation and deep seriousness which overspread his face, forbore to amuse themselves at his expense. Yet they were utterly sceptical on the subject. Not in the remotest sense could they imagine such a thing as a ghost possible. Like Thomas of old, nothing but the evidence — the visible and tangible evi dence of their own senses — would con vince them. It was shortly after the meal that Keenan, who kept close to his comrades and occasionally glanced round fearfully, eaid: * I am going 'toieaw tir-TnBrtww, bi r. I-cotildn't stay another day, for the place is haunted, and I know I'm marked. We want some more Btores. 'The corn beef is nearly run out, and there's only .a week '8 flour. If you give me the order I'll get them sent on and anotber man in my place.' This was quite unexpected and most unwelcome news for all the party. Keenan was a universal favourite, and the idea of his leaving them w&b; tantamount lo breaking up the camp altogether. Before the chief, who was in a very silent mood, - could reply, Weston said: ? ? : . 4 You surely don't mean, that, Mike. If yoa go I wouldn't care to remain, but if it's the fear of ghosts that's driving you away, I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll go and sleep at the foot of the * grave tree' for the next week every night to let you see it is all folly about wraiths and phantoms and such like.' ♦ So will I,' inti- rjected Jones. ♦ I'll do the same. There's DoiJiing in it nt -all. Bosh I Ghosts, indeed 1 1\ would like to see one, or half a dozen, for. that matter.' -??? Walslradded his news on the question, which waB of a similar nature, but nono of the arguments had the least effect on Keenan, and Edwards rather put the veto on their proposals when he said : ' It's no use you talking like that. Of course ghoBts don't appear to everyone. It is only certain people that are privi ledged to see them, and it is always a bad sign for that person. I've made up my mind not to atop here any longer. We have done preliy well in this locality, and the Government should relieve us. I will ask for a few months' spell of work in a settled disirict whore we can get proper food and not be buried alive. To morrow morning we will break up camp and return to the depot. ' This resolution was a very nbruptone, but none of the men objected to it. Indeed, non-sceptical as they were, Jones, Walsh, and Weston agreed thnt it would be unwise lo destroy the belief in ghosts which possessed the mind of their chief. The trio were just aB anxious aB the two spectre-haunted men to ex change their wild rough life for the same kind of work in the settled parts. Already they had been four months in Ihe north-west district, and they could fairly claim a change. Well, you should know best, sir,' spoke Weston artfully, when EdwardB hud concluded. ' It may be as you Bay, and, of course, because 1 have never seen a ghost, it is no argument that, none exist. I quite agree with what you say. ' The other two sceptics were also con vinced that the locality might indeed be haunted, and in a few minutes there was quite a unanimous feeling in favour of going away from the ill-fated spot at once. That night Walsh, Jones, and Weston took it in turnB to watch, for Edwards and Keenan appeared to be in mortal dread of a spectral visit. In the morning JoneB reported that he_ fancied be saw a shadow moving round and round the big tree, but he was too much afraid to investigate the cause of the appearance. He furthermore de voutly thanked heaven that Edwardsand Keenan had not accepted his offer to sleep under the tree. This report only hastened preparations for departure. Before leaving, Walsh, Jones, and Weston made a careful examination of the grave and its vicinity, and sure enough they found indications thatfQtne animal or other had been about the place. The soft earth of the mound had been partly trodden down and the tracks were much larger than any animal in the region could make. Indeed, they were not unlike the imprint of a man's foot if it. were wrapped in cloth or in skin, and the three men began to believe that Keenan had really Been some object. ' I have it,' exclaimed Weston, after a few minutes. ' There has been an aboriginal about here. Seeing the track he would come along it, and noticing the grave would no doubt examine it. That is what has frightened Keenan, but we mustn't .say so or they may stop here some time longer. 'The blacks don't put anything on their feet or wear skin caps,' remarked JoneB. 'The few that are left may do so, for they are partly civilised, and besides Keenan was in such a fright he would be likely to mistake what he really saw,' said Weston. 'Aud the bald head. I never paw an aboriginal with a bald head unless the fellow were scalped,' added Walsh. ' I tell you those things only existed in Keenan's imagination. The moment he saw the figure of course he concluded it must be the ghost of the . dead man. You may depend when th»tcame into his mind he would not be able to. think of anything else. Who&se; but a black — hiiu a stray one ac iliac — would come about here. The action, too, is just what a black would adopt. Seeing the newly turned earth in the dusk he would -stoop to emminu the place, and of course run away 'when ihe ^eard -or ^P'J'TiB^jojninsj ?J3h! ^contention \ 'HeB^&l;^^i^VGer euough,'and as it was the only prob&We;* explanation of. the mystery, it whs then, and there adopted by the three sceptics. On their return lo camp, however, they greatly impressed Edwards and Keenan by a narration of what they had found. The tracks, they said, were such »s no human being in the life would matte, and there was no animal on the whole of Van Dieman's Land that could leave such impressions. Something uncanny had happened they 'were convinced, nnd the sooner the party cleared away the better it would be. The1 two pack-horses had already been loaded, and by nine o'clock Edwards and hiB party were turning their faces to the east after their four months exile in the north-western wilds. Many a curious glance was cast back at ihe haunted spot, and it was hours before the big stringy bark disappeared from view. The party had really done good work, and Edwards was quite justified in returning (o settle- ? ment, though it is quite probable he mould have put in another couple of months in the wilderness had it not been for Keenan'a ghost suddenly interrupting the operations. As a matter of necessity, most of ihe food taken or sent along to the survey parties consisted of salt junk, pickled pork, and such like. Some of this was of a villainous nature— thanks to the want of proper supervision of&c; the con tractors by the inspectors. Without vegetables the lot of the surveyors would not have been a pleasant or even healthy one, but the gun was brought into fre quent use to get game either on land or water. Eveu with this aid the health of the men suffered if they were kept in the bush too long, and hence a time limit wae Always placed upon operations in the far unsettled parts of the island. To Be Continued. 