CHAPTER JIL The doctor stirred and' opened bis eyes. The words were ringing in his ears, "A bunch of red roses." His glance-fell on the little table at his bed- side- on the glass of water and the red roses in it. For a moment he still seemed to be hearing the soft, weak accents of the actor's voice. : There was the cause of his dveam^ethe roses by his bedside as he had put them when he i came to bed late last night. He re-i membered the little girl; and -her i»ig,1 brown eyes. Somehow ^her «yes -wei* j confused iii his mind with those of the brother. Then he laughed at : his romantic uotions-^e -is not given -to romantic notions, as a rule. Nevertheless the little girl's face haunts him. He will sse the child again.. But in inn e the roses die. He is busy, and the little pale face with the big brown eyes is forgotten. Ten years of busy, uneventful life ?pass away for Dr. Tom Andrews. He is nowa'wealthy doctor with a flourishm? Eractice. He lives still alone in his trge country house a short distance: out of town: One evening,.-returning from ii long drive into the country, he Sings himself with a sigh of relief into a huge armchair m the library. He takes the book he is reading from the little table at his side, and notices a vase of deep red roses. " What is the feeling the roses bring bim?" A-lítmclir^of red -«osea,"..hu. repeats aloud. " A bunch of red roses." Then he remembers. " What a strange thing is thè brain," he mutters. " I've seen red roses num- bers of times since then, and yet not once until now hare they recalled that' incident." This evening he dines with an old friend. This -friend's house is one of the few at which the doctor is more than rarely seen, partly because he is an old school-fellow, and mostly because he and 'his'wife are so delightfully Bohemian, and- the people to be met "there are always interesting and capable of appre ciatiug thé necessity of living for' some- thing more than the mere routine of society frivols. "Ah, doctor," smiles his hostess, as she meets bim, " I have given you the honour of the evening ; you are to take in Evelyn Rayne. Shdfcis the sweetest little girl I nave ever met. You ha-ve heard of her, of course-?" "Well, yes, one could scarcely help doiugthat." " Have you seen her act ?" "No." " Then you must come with ns to- morrow ; now, no excuses, you must." "Thank you. I will." When Dr.* Tom Andrews sees the little actress people rave about, he is surprised in two ways. In one way be- cause she is so very different to what he had expected. In another way because her face, the moment he sees it, recalls most vividly the face of the little ghi, holding the red roses up to him over the* fence. One idea takes possession of h:6 mind -that this- pale clever face and these big brown eyes are the same. The more fae 6ees of the girl the more the idea grows upon him. She is easy, to talk to, and very natural Dr. Tom rereis in her quaint way of saying things, and bright conprehension of ati-h§ says to hei*. " I've quite made up my mind that you like my little girl, doctor," says his hostess. "You are. quite right. I like her." "Thea you will come with us to- morrow night ?" " Thank you. I am already looking forward to it." " That's right. I knew you would like her."' "Do you know anything about her people?" " A little. Her parents -fere both of good family. They died when she was veryVoimg. She lived with a maiden aunt for tíie early part of her life, until one day an actor who used to know her father went to sse them. He discovered her great talent, and persuaded he guardians, after some difficulty, to allow j her to be trained, and this is the result, j She teÚs me she longed for nothing more, even when she was a child. She loves her work." " Where was she living as a child ?" "I don't know." " Who is the dark man talking to her ?"' "Oh, that's the actor I spoke of. JBrian Huntley his name is. He -was a »friend of her father's." "Brian Huntley? Is that the same Brian Huntley who wrote ' Drops in the Ocean,' the p]ay they are making so much fuss over now? Surely Miss Rayne .plays the part 'Lusweenia ?' " "Oh, yes. I believe he wrote the part for her-that's why she plays it so wonderfully I've not been yet. We are going to it to-morrow, yon know.. He's a handspme man, isn't he? Dp you know- now don't think I mean to natter-but there is. something about him very like what you were when I first knew yon." Of-course, theYe's a. diffeiv ence, 'but still there's a strong likeness somewhere, and I cannot think quite where it is." . " Well, really, I must own that to me there is not the ghost of resemblance between us." *' Oh, there is. Others have noticed it, too." ' " Really ? - Well, after all, the wonder is that, there, are not more of such like- nesses in the world.".. " Yes, it is. Some say she and Brian HunÜej are engaged, but I think that's all gossip. There's sucha difference in their ages." "Yes, I suppose'that makes a differ difference." "It doesn't always, but I think it should. Oh, are ypu going ?" "I must, if you'll pardon my saying so¿ . I ,am tired. I went for a very long drive to-dajr to see a tedious patient. I am always tired after a visit ?o her." , "I know whp you mean I can quite -forgive, you. Good-night, doctor; you'll dine, with' .us. to-morrow?" . " Thank you. Yes, it would bs jiicer. ,1 get. ; somewhat tired of my own company." .Some weeks after this Dr. Tom .drove. put to the little village, where the little cottage stood with its memory of the Îiale. child and the red roses. He had ong heéñ. going to do sp, Tbut had been too much occupied with other things. He had been to more dinners, dances, and functions of all sorts during these last -weeks than erer ia his life before, .and as often as Evelyn Rayne had played, just so often had he been to see her. . It had crept on him slowly but surely-the strong fascination which this young actress had for him. He did not try te> understand it or define it. He simply felt it. day and night, every moment of his living. He breathed it, dreamed it, felt it-felt it always. He saw ber" often; and many times the actor, Brian Huntley, was with her ; he acted with her, and waa everywhere where ehe was. Dr. Tom had never asked her if she remembered the stranger and the roses she had given him. He had not spoken of it to her, although he wanted to, but he never doubted in his mind for. one moment that she was the child. " As his . dog-cart turned the bend in the lane, and the little cottage came in view, he wondered if the red roses would bein bloom. ' Nb,-it wa9 not thé time for roses, they were not in bloom, and there was no music. The sound of the horse's hoofs on the hard road broke in and disturbed the perfect quiet-pf the lane- As Dr. Tom gave the reins to" the man he saw at the same window where the little girl had stood, Evelyn Rayne. He is not surprised. He knew she had gone to stay with her aunt in the country for a day or two, and of course this was the cottage. "Why Dr. Andrew«, where have you come from ? " " If I may come in, I will tell you the whole, how, when and where of it." " Do, come and have some tea," she said, leading the way into the little room through the open window. It was a quaint little place, well kept like the garden outside, and made sweet by the many vases of flowers placsd here and there. " How did you know I was here ? " " Well I didn't know, I only guessed/'* " But what made you guess ? " " Because I remeinbei' the last time I saw you hère, and when I heard that you were staying with your Aunt-" " But Dr. Andrews I have'nt been here for years." " No." ." Then do tell me what Toa mean ? " "I mean that I remember you when you were here years ago. You were very little and very sweet. You gave me a bunch of roses." "I gave you a bunch of roses ! Surely you are not the stranger."" " Yes, I am." " I asked you if you were an actor ?" "Yes." " Then gave you the roses as a peace offering for having asked so many ques- tions." ? VI " Yes. Now, tell me why '.did you want to know if 1 was an actor, and who was it that you seemed to think I was so ¡ike, and that you wanted so rerv nianv times all dar and who didn't come_ never came?'' " How well ' you remember,"' said Evelyn, laughing at the childish words. She coloured as she spoke. It must have been Mr Huntley. You kuo-vlie was an old friend of my father"-. He came to see my aunt and stayed a -ew days and he used to amuse himself with giving me lessons in acting. When lie went away he promised io come bask and take me to London to be an actress. After he had gone I did nothing but look for his return. To my childish eyes you looked very'like him-yon see I had not seen him for two years-and thaíí'To a child is a long time." " In some cases yes." " It is strange that I did not discover the stranger in you before." Not so strange, it is ten years ago, many changes take place in ten years/' " What did you do with the asea. Throw them away as most men would as soon a3 you were out of sight ?" " No," there is a little story connected with the roses. Shall I tell you ?" " Yes, do." So he told her. When he.had finished, she said- ' " And it was only a dream ?" " Only a dream." " How well you tell it, Dr. Andrews. Jt seems as if it must have happened. I am glad it was a dreamt though." "Why?" "It is so sad. I wish all sad things were dreams." " And yet it is, as atwle, just the re- verse-the happiness of life ÍB a dream and the sadness a reality." " Have you found it so ?" " More often than-not." " I should not have thought you were a sad man." " No, I am not. When I was young I found little pleasure in anything but hard work. Hard work is the only remedy for. a melancholy disposition. As I grow older I see things differently. - I do not worry over wrongs that cannot be righted. There is no excitement or pleasure, and consequently no dis- appointment and pam, comparatively speaking, of course." Evelyn was silent for a moment. " I shall be glad when I am like you, then." " It will come." Dr. Andrews thought he bad finished with excitement and pain. He had not. Jt is never safe to be certain. Evelyn Rayne is in her dressing-room. ; She ie to appear for the last time as '. " Lusweenia," in " Drops in the Ocean/' It has had a marvellous run for the style of play-one hundred and twenty nights -and she feels a mixed feeling of glad- ness and sorrow at parting with it. She dismisses her maid and sits alone, glad of à little quiet before she goes on. She must play well to night. A parcel with a note is brought into her. She :.«ads the note. It is written in a strong, firm hand. It runs - Dear Miss Bayne,-Do you remember the story of the bunch of red roses ? I am going to ask you if you will do me a great favour-a great kindness. Do yon Sïjow^ that I love you? Perhaps not. I love you. I can say nothing to express more than those three words. I know also that . someone eke loveB you. "it would save nie much pain and anxiety if you would re- member the little story I told you i The rod -roses are mine. Can /on forgive me for asking this.-Toa AKUEEWS. The curtain rises. The play proceeds as of old. Dr. Tom knows it all by heart ; he cannot watch this first part. His impatience is almost beyond control. Some one touches his shoulder. "Dr. Andrews!" He turns to 6ee a white face bending near him. It is Brian Huntley. " Gan you come-Miss Rayne." Dr. Tom hears no more. He springs past. He knows the way so weil. What a long way it seems to night. At last he turns to her door -It is closed. There are people clustered round it. They stand aside silently to let him pass. He opens the door. Another moment and he kneels beside the little figure stretched on the floor. His hand is over her heart as he murmurs softly "n au absent way-" Heart disease." The others in the room stand silent. The Doctor kneels still. He seems not to see them. He only sees the pale face, the white shining dress, and the bunch of red roses clasped tightly in her hand. THE END. 