Terrible lirning- Accident. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A. BATH. ITIS FtIERI ADHERED TO THE PJPE SLIKE A STEAK TO A FItVIN'1JAN. AN AWFUL SI:GHT. rWhile in a hot bath in Pitt-street, a Mr Jarvis had the misfortuneo to.slip. and.fall on the hot water pipes, and be& fore he could he rescued he was.scalded and. burnt . in a terriblo way. Tihe :dlqckqif't!lq burniiingP.'ig lfall proved to be very disastrous for Mr'JarviiS, and" fi' a "'number of years aftdr lib ws'. tbohfiriicd.iiivalid, suffering ter riblt' "jf ie locomotor ataxia and other -foriis of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circtila '6 i in the" ieiglhborhlood that I'Mr Javis;i was getting rodu'd again, arid ti!nt h! had a'TH mrvelous -e-lcoey' from hi8ipparcitly incurable minaldy. -It was' on account of these rumoirsfiat a 'special reporei r fromrthio "Sydily, Worker"i was despdtilie'd:to get allin-, formation regarding'sme, and'ionbi aoternoon hle fiade his wayto his house; 45I Crown-lane, '"l'timmo. Mr1 .iTh6a Jarvis was discovered nursing a £svo year-old baby, and his face declared him, ond of tlilie pih? t, iiet rimn-i Sydney.:. I wasg up arid ab'ou' fild able to answer tlhe knook at th6 door, Althdughli pale 'and :still'bearing a foew miairks of a, criticialillnes'si nd:a apeaioid ofipain,'iti: wr~ cleam·r tliathlie was..an invalid no morer " ,"t : -" .' .:; In reply to-ithe questions he' said - you s.want to tknoir bout my easeli Well Iiurn glad of aii oippbrtunity to' ib]ll; il:.,The fi?ts: ly ifbo f-value' o tlhora wlho aroestrickeni?as I ;was." , W eo'Hb ovng wereoyou s:uffering 1". S"Well :twelvo miontlhs ago got so bahltiatl? lhdto'leilvooff work, arid .It have .dlone notliingfl since thein. Abqoutfiv.e years ago;poext.Christrum ImeS wsith an accident; I was badly, scaldled vwlileltaking a batii in Pitt-' sire';ctr SyIne.y : ' :Since tlIe accident I ,have been in failing health, and- after ;furiyeiars of gradual' development of tlie malady, I waýi fcore-d to'give up nmy billet at Globe Island.'". , 'Whlat were the symptoms 1 - , "' ^Simpljyri..rdaescribabl, Thre pains. ,vere ,somethliig ýterrible. They were for' all 'tlo world lik-' as if a saw. was cuitting iiiy boies in two in every part' of me. " I. had no con'trbl over m'y bowels and bladder, andwas a nuisance tomyself and everyone elbe. i iwas in cessantly shi-vering and shikilngiand Icould )neither cat nor sleep.::iOn thie 23rd March last-I saw'a' well-kiiowvn doctor,'and ilieo told ýiibe my case was utterly. hopeless. i floweverl lie gave ino annorder to theDiredtor of Chari table institutions."-,t. *'i ' - . " Didl;ouin ake'uso of tie orderl" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well iii bed'v;er since. Five weeks ago I could not walkl acrobsdtlii floor; in fact, -I coild not geticutiof led. I felt then thi't i was all over with me, and only a ques tion'of days when I would give up"'thb1 ghost? .My'doctbr, was attending me, anTd;hid altl h coild, Iby;: opium "and mnorphinapills, to eassetheLagony iv. wa in. :,ITwns .,under lIini for five or six weeks._- He raii t tto e .conclision tliat' I wassufferirig from: locomotor aitaxy , a liiseaa'i of tlie'a spinal cord, icharacterised, by .pecpuliar disturbances of gait, anl difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me tlhaVii mmight last for ten years,al'n that I :might.nover.ge.thIo use of my le.|f (Tust- then'ihe patient kicked is legs about will's energy ito show thlat medical opinion is not i infallible.) iWell; just as a drowning man.will grasp at i straw, I grasped at an idea bconvoyed by the advertisement des cribing thoicuroe.ffected iin the case of anotlierbo ler-ilaklor' England .,vlich I :read ini tho"Australian Workman, by .Dr.''Williams' Pinlk'Pills for Pale Peple. I read in tire advertisemient of: case which seemed to fit 'nisry'own. 1 determined to give the pililsa triala?anyWse~yihdent for a box. Tioe e iffdct wva.s a iimvellous. as ;it. rash niagical: I Was able: to cat and sleep" as thoulghi nothing was the iinatter with ime. It was the first ap petite and rest liadlhad for'nany a day. Itvwas rincredieblei' I*iiniediately left the bed.and was able to lo-ve about.. Yo6ue'seie'loseo drutclies thero 1T They are perfectly now, and Tlnive never used- tlhem. They were made for me 'before, I got Dr Williains'Pink Pills, hut 'I was too:weak to use themln and now I don't want theim. :'i He isil00 per cent ltter ,": said •Mrs Jarvis;:vho had comiioin and taken thi"'baby on.her' kniee.: -'"Thl -Dr Willianis' .Pink Pills 'forPiPalo ,Peopllenhaino isaved his life, andnýimade lihrotitlir man of lim" . ; A. frieiid who called in at thi.s point siid itlti w: Jarvris . lookedl .ten. yeairs younger?rtla daIl y thani l16 did .a fort night prdvious., ,.'^: ;l. ,I e; r cin now, "continued ?Tnaris, i hav a cold bt,ari Ilirofael ing;has come:biok.'ianito0ny legs;.. ,I ascribe all; *thio'echinge and bdinofititd Dr Williaisni' Pinkl',Pills 'TlIai haide saved ni. life; ,Iiaminh;rio.paini-no\w; wiatever, and fdelrlik;a ;npowj manii:'On: tbh manaiteol piece tliere.is a box of oprumn and anor 'plia pills;w hich thl doctor giave moeto deoden itlie bcruci'tiing. pain. But they can stiy s.whlire they are, for I no Slingger 'nied 'thion. Evorybody who knowo er?i ha i be','ibe h arzedat; i re' chlango- in mei.Theyl canyli hhrdlj, be lieve thei oeyes. My' being about again Ins ceusie'd quite insensation out Such is'this remarkable history, aid it confirmns wlhat is said in all'the chief newspapers of this cointry of the as tonishing cures wrouight by Dr Wil liams' Pink Pills for Pale Peoplo. They -curee locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis and spinal diseate, also the many disorders which ari e frorn an .impoverisjiedistcte of. tle blood,. uell asn aircmiran, pale rand suillo" i'nom-. plexion;rigoneral museulaut wvalnicess, iligestion, lqss of appetite, slhoruess • + ' ? : '... ? _ : • ,5.='i of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. MrI-J. S. T. ?1'Gowan, leader of the Labor Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen. by our repirter in connection with the remarkable case of Thoinas JILavis. iMtr M'Gowan says he has k?nown Jarvis fronm infancy. He also kiidw that he had to give up his work at ..Glbe Island abattoirs twelvo months, ago owing to a malady Whici' he developed.? He afterwavrds heard -that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there was' littlo chance of his rel covely. TiHe; undeirstood Jairis was re. fusetd admission- to Sydnoby ,:Hospital, as his casoihad lbeenpronou.nciied iin= cuirable. l.r .M'Gowan wa?; tllerefo6e, like everypne else' who knew thie facts,. astouided at thie cirplfeqtorec?overy of Thee w?inide i.fl;pills are obtainable fr'in leadinig chenist?oi from' thle Dr, W~illianis aMedicine Co ;",Filidersi:stret Mellbou rne, wihio ill "foarwed, on re ceipt of stanps or post order; one box (for ; .9?r;lio ilf a'doi~cn foi:1lis : 3d. iee that the genuine D?..WVillianis a:re obitained....... -13 