i AMUSEMENTS. \ FlUN'CESS'S THEATRE. HAMLET. ! In spite of the oppressive nature of the weather the I-Tincess's Theatre was even uncomfortably crowded on Saturday evening. This, doubtless, was largely due to the growing habit of Saturday night theatre-going, but, at least, a very large proportion of the "house" were anxious to witness Mr Wilson Bar rett's interpretation of Hnmlet, and to receive the new Shakespearian gospel direct from the Hps of Its originator. For if there is one part more than an other with Yvlflch Mr Uarrett haa of dell- berate purpose Identified himself, It . Is this part of Hamlet. Did he not. on the first occasion of his playing It, inform a London audience, how. as a email boy. he stood outside the Princess Theatre, and inwardly vowed to own that theatre and play Ilamlet there? Other parts, too numerous to mention, has Mr Garrett In terpreted, but this of Hamlet Is his nick, his strong cartle of defence, his protest against the folly of a playgnlng genera tion which has gone astray after "French Maids" and "Gaiety Girls." and needs to be brought back to consider the earnest purpose of life by a Wholesome dose of such tonics as The Sign of tho Cross and the other play of that very excellent and moral series. It is an old stage tradition— nnd one not without warrant— that there never was a b:td Hamlet. The part, in short. Is one which, in stage parlance, "plays It self." So long as the actor has mastered tho words he muy nt least be certain of this much— that if he does not make a success, ho cannot make a failure. The reason. Is that the public have grown to regard Hamlet not as a closely knit piny, not as a definite Work, not even as the most tremendous psycltologlcal study of character over evolved out of human" consciousness; but jus n mere siting of elocutionary efforts They recognise the familiar lines of certain pet pas sages, arid so long as the actor does but deliver them with the orrccl amount of emphasis, they nppluud. Ftr Instance, the "To be or not to tn?" soliloquy is jl sure curd, and the uetor Yvho failed to get his "round" for It would be poor indeed. Therefore, most players with ambition, have at some time or other In their career appeared as Hamlet, and the history of the stage for two hundred years back is dotP-d with the records of mediocre presentments of the Royal Dane. Now and thon an artist comes al.mg and takes up the dry bancs and makes them five — gives us a man Instead of a mere stage tiling of shreds and patches. In the present century Fcclitvr in his own wild way, lms done It, jtnil Henry Irving. Yen, we remember that that critical mind was furmoreexercUwd by Foehtor's scarlet cloak, and yellow hair, than by the genius of the perform ance. The fact is that a stage Hamlet has grown up an a pupjet created by the actor, and stH artificial as his jirt — ins lis stereotyped gestures, Jim! Its traditional motions. that knows when to put !u hand ou its heart and sigh, is passionate by rule of thumb, and in the wildcat scenes (»f frenzy Is stu- diour, of the correct rhythm of the line. Such a ilamlet Is often popular. We say say at once that Mr Ilarrett's Hamlet is, nt ILs best, a purely olocu- tlonary effort. Wo may agree that It Is In Its way a good performance, a tine performance, a scholarly, performance, but there is no disguising the fact that the gentleman with the Inky clojilc who is kind enough to amuse the audience with a series of detached recitations is always Mr Wilson Harrett, and Is not Hamlet. Thero lu absolutely nothing In Mr Wil son Barrett's delivery of the lines to which exception could Is? taken, and that Is perhaps after all the weariest feature of the jwrformaneo. It Is not an In terpretation, or a' creation. U Is a re miniscence. and differs In no way from a hundred oilier Hamlets of dead and gone actors, save so much as Mr Har rett differs from thcin in tihyslcal jkcu- Rarities. The impression left on the mind by the performance was that those students of Shakespeare who contend that Hamlet Is purely it closet drama, .and should, never , b.' placed, upon the boards, have the best part of the argu ment on their side. Nor was there much compensation tn lie found among the other members of the Ciust, Miss Maud Jeffries uuulu an attractive looking Ophelia, niul with that all has been said. Possibly tbe soundest performance In the whole pro duction was the "ghost" of Mr J. F. Cathonrt. We have alwnyn recognised that ahe part. Is an exceedingly dlillcult one to piny— Indeed, In this unregenemte age Is apt to meet with the ribald laugh ter of the scoffer — but Mr Cathcart has ait least the traditions formed in' the old "stock company" school. He can speak with dignity, and wear n "shape." na though the clothes belonged to him, and not as though they wore put ou for "make behove." The play, as Is the In variable rule at the PrlncctVs. was mif- ilcicnUy mounted, und the stage man agement- was always careful ..and effi cient. Hnmlct will be repealed this evening, Othello will be presented . to morrow night, nnd on Wednesday Air Wilson IJarrott nnd Miss Maud Jeffries will make their farewell in Vtrglnlus. 