CONCERT AND BALL. The Ministrel and Dramatic Enter tainment iiiHiignrated to augment the funds of the Bilranald Fire Brigade, was held at the Variety Rail lust Thursday eveniug, and was a great sue ncua Pi..v!ni,. »„ ,t.„ ? .......... _ ? ? ? -VF w,D wunit » piu cession took place, the members cf the Brigade buing arrayed in fancy cos tumes, some of which were excellent make-ups The reel was for the time being convened inlo a sort of sulky, on which rode a fantastically droRSed darkie und his lubra, being followed by another vehioln pmitui'm',,,, a,',n;in^ diameters. The procession, beaded by the Balrumild Brass Band, left the Fite Brigade station about 7.30. and pro ceeded via Court, Mayall, and Market streeisto the Variety Hall, outside of which the band played several selections. A large cruwd of people followed the procession, and vrere highly amuued at the quaint costumes, which Were ihown to great advantage by tho light thrown from a large number of iorchen. Shortly after eight o'clock the cur tain went up and displayed eight of the bluckest niygera that it was possibl j ' to manufacture by the aid of burnt cork, the corners being occupied by Mr. H. Toms (bones) and Mr. C. Miller (tambo), while Mr. Geo. E. Gayfer was entrusted with tho responsible position of interlocutor After theopenirigchorus ' De Ribher is up' by the Company, Mr. Harry Toms gave a comic song ' Josie was't there' his effort at once putting the audience in a good humour, and causing considerable laughter. Mr. O'Hara sang with emphasis a pa tiiotic song entitled ' Under the TJVion Jack,' after which Mr. J. Faulk ner received the approbation of hia listonevs by singing ' Dreaming as she sleeps.' Tambn, Mr. Charlie Miller, then had his turn, and created much mirth with ' My Mary Ann,' which portiayed the troubles of a hpnpecked h unhand who h»d to mind the baby. Mr. Gayfer then sang ' On IV 'o see her i f.ice' which was well received. Then | C'ime ' bones' again witli his comic j song 'The Black tailed Toby' wtiich gained a round of applntiHP, the antics j of both corner men in catching some ! wort of fly being exce -dingly funny. Mr. A. Hepburn sang ' Nonno Mau rine,' a pretty Iiish ballad, with much eff ct, and was lou lly applauded. The biiHiness of the circle was concluded by a local topical song l-y Mr. C. Miller wi h tho nursery 1 iiymc cliorns of ' I diddle diddle etc.,' which ^leatlyamused tha audienoe, the final exit of the com pany being ludicrously hastened by the appearance of a ghost, ably persofiuted thi oujjh t.hn.' medi»'»' o£ Mr. G. P. rv--.-c. After an. interval '-*11 minutes the second poition of the pro grams was -commenced by Mr, Hep burn, who sang the favorite old song. ' Dublin Biy.' .Tho m.xt i era whk one of t'ie treats of the Hveninu, a clo-^ dance by Mr. II. Pltimley, his time and change of S ep being excellent, and he had to come back with a second edition of his dancing capabilities be-, fore the audience wua sutib|i«d, Mi:.; W. \Vark, (who, by the bye, w.e forgot' to mention gave ku excellent cnniical recitation in the first part of the pro gramme) then Hang ' The Shamrock of txlenore,' being followed by Mr. G P. Davia, whose make up as an old woman would have done credit to many professionals, and who caused consider able laughter by his singing of ' In my first 'usbaud's time.' Mr. Harry Toms gave an exposition of big ^hoe dancing, his peculiar contortions creating roars of laughter from one end of the hall to the other. During the progress of the latter item an unrehearsed piece of business took place in the idiape of an old woman named Mrs. Nicholson, who had evidently been cele' rating the ' Seventeenth of Ireland' in loval style. She advanced to the cdise of the stase armed with an umbrella, and, using language more forcible than polite, ess- iyed 10 knock a portion off the toe \--f Mr. Toms' large boots, — or a piece of his scalp would doubtless have suited her just as well. The scene of the old woman racing backwards and forwards in front of the stage, anon making frantic efforts to reach the performer, who kept solemnly dancing away, was most ludicrous, aud the audience fairly screamed with laughter. Fin-illy Tom* made his exit, and the old lady sub sided, The olio was ootid tided by. Mr. G. E Gayf'-c, who sang ' Tell her I love her so.' The principal characters in the farce, ' B'ack Justice,' were Messrs. T. Dean (J U|lge) G. P. Davis (Council), and J.'C. White (Crier), the Bupernnmerarie^beingMr W. Wark and and Mr. C Hnadlain (Amy.j The stage appurtenances of the Court were ably arranged and looked most realistic. Taking it all round the entertainment must be designated a great s'uccesF., and the thanks of ihe community are due to the gentlemen who came for ward and gave their seivioes for the' benefit of the Brigade. The people too are 'likewise deserving of praise for the manner in which they turne I up, the large hall being nearly filled, and we must not forget to thank the members of the band whioh aided considerably in the. proceedings of the evening, and doubtless induced a number to walk as far as the hall who would otborwise net have gone. . A ball was held after tho oonoert, at which about forty couples were present, dancing being continued until daylicbt. On Friday evening a Children's Dance was held,- the attendance not being nearly so large as en former occasions, but dotibtleHB the people were pretty well tired out with the previous even ing. Tho young folk who were pre sent thoroughly enjoyed themselves and finished up with ' Auld Lang Syne' about midnight. The catering arrnngenients were ia the. hands of Mesdames Guyfer and Dean, and Missei Russell, Faulkner and Kenrick (2), who worked very hard and made a nice display. Messrs. Prentica and AllproBs were responsible for the decorations, the flags being kindly lent by Mr. Mackenzie, of the Royal Hotel, Mesm'u. Boynton and Da wen, and Mr. T. Linton lending crockeryware, ate The net proceeds to. the Brigade will be between £5 an i £6. ? ' 