Curious Wagers. A gentleman fond of a fast-trotting horso was always overtaken when, travelling on tho highway by a pony owned by a butcher ia the local town. Ho cared not for price, but determined to buy this pony. When ho got possession of it he found tho animal would not go in his old stylo. In fact, ho was far slower in his hands than the horso it nsdi to beat. Tho gentleman was annoyed, and offered to sell tho pony to anyono who would givo half the prico ho paid. Ho soon found a customer, who, after purchasing it, offered to back himsolf to rido tho butcher's pony against any horso tho gentleman possessed for £50 a-sido. Tho latter agreed to this. On the appointed day tho now ' purchasor appeared on tho pony's back with a basket on tho pommol. They started, and tho butcher's pony wanted noithor whip nor spur, but out paced everything on the road -and won ^ with tho greatest oaso imaginable. The pony: had never forgotten the 'Butcher boy's training, and tho basket reminded him of former punish ments.' , . ? '''??.??','? Some years ftgo a, farmer living in. Slirop hiro attended Wonlock . Fair; where' ' high jinks' were going on. 'It was a dark winter night, and mine host's cheory fire attracted many customers, whoporhaps indulged rather freely. The subject of ghosts was introduced,' and an old farmer remarked, ' Ho nevor seo'd anything worse than himsolf on a dark night. There was'nb such things as ghosts : it was only the old monks as lived centuries ago in those abbeys that invented them.' :'' Wbll,' replied a young man, ' I never knew any one who defied tho ghosts that was not' alarmed for his life within twenty-four hoursi' 'I defy the ghosts, thon,' said the farmer.' 'I'll lay you a five-pound note and a dinnor for all 'the company that you are frightened boforo,, you go to ., l?ed , this ' night,' was the challenge of tho young man. 'Adonewith you,' responded tho farmer, and thoy.shook hands to complete the wager:' In 'the town .there had boon somo young acrobats porform : ing during the day who wore export on stilts. The young man mind's was soon made up; Ho got tho assistance of a boy and his stilts, rjrovo off boforo tho farmer, and deposited tho boy with a white shoot ovor him under a yew tree in an old .churchyard, drovo his trap round the corner, tied his horse to a gato, and roturnod to tho boy in the churchyard. The wind whistled weird- like amongst tho branches of the old yew troo. Presontly tho 'old farmer's pony was heard trotting along the road, his rider whistling a 'cheerful tuno, perhaps to keep down his fears. Tho boy, as instructed, came over tho sunk fence in tho 'ohiirchyard, and wont down tho highway on his stilts, his body oovorod with a sheet.' The whistling becamo tremulous ; tho horse's , pace was chocked to a walk ; presently tho pony's head was turnod round, and his stops wore hoard trotting back to the town, at first quiotly, thon at a quick pace^ Tho.farraer, looking himself liko a ghost, turned into tho inn yard, asked tho ostler:tp put the animal in tho stable,, wont itito 'the tavern; bar'j and asked mino host for 'abed. Thon;having a stiff drop of. brandy said with a sigh, ' I've lost my wagoi';. Novor boo such a thing in my : life bofore. It was nothing earthly. I could soo tho ground underneath was tho thiug'a foot. T could stand it no* longer,' ana was procooding to givo details of tho ghost whon tho young man appeared, and tho old farmor confessed ho had been frightonod and lost his wagor. ' Ordor tho dinnor in,' said tho young man, ' thoro aro only six of us horo, and you'll bo- lot off easy. Tho night's young yot, and I shall nob tako tho fivo pounds.' Tho wholo party laughod hoartily at tho old farmer's foars as ho recapitulated tho circumstances ovor a hoarty meal. Whon taking thoir grog aftor wards tho young man confessed to tho trick; Tho old farmor roso in a towering passion, saying, ' It's good for you, sir, and good for mo, porhnps, that I had not my usual pistol in tho holster, Ghost or no ghost, I should should have firod at him, and as I am a pretty good shot thoro might havo boon somo trouble brought upon all our heads.' 