BRAVE BESSIE'S CHRISTMAS EVE. A TRUE AUSTRALIAN STORY. [By S.N. Twists.] You have all heard, no doubt, of those brave explorers Burke and Wills, who in 1860 travelled from Melbourne to the north of Australia, passing Mount Hopeless and Cooper's Creek and the Willockra in South Australia, and who died of starva- tion and fatigue on the return journey when only a few miles from the camp of their friends, who had plenty of water and provisions. They were, in fact, only three miles from a creek of fresh water, but un- fortunately they turned their steps in an opposite direction from the very thing they wanted most. I do not mean to tell you now all their terribly sad and yet beauti- ful story. You will find some old people probably who will be able to do so, for there must be many who remember the ill- fated Burke and Wills Expedition, and who will be glad to tell you of the brave struggle and the braver death of those noble men. I want to tell you about some other brave people, not only men, but women and little children, who suffered many things in the early days of this colony from fear of the blacks, and from want of very many things which we think it quite impossible to do without. About forty years ago a gentleman named Wild came from England with his wife, and settled on a station in the Far North, not many miles from the Willochra Creek, and only a short dis- tance from the spot where Burke died. Often his children used to visit the gum tree that was pointed out to them, by the blacks as being the one under which the poor fellow, when he was no longer able to walk, calmly lay down to die, after say- ing good-bye to his one remaining follower the faithful John King. How eagerly these little sun-browned children listened to the simple tales of the natives, who had helped to bury Wills, and who had kept King with them, and shared with him their nardoo till the relief party came from Mel- bourne and took him home, Bessie, aged twelve, the eldest of the family, dearly loved to hear their old black man, "Tommie," explain how "Poor white fellow fall down longa here. Him no jump it any more. Him no more eat nardoo." Several of the natives lived on Mr. Wild's station, and helped with the work in a small way, and being kindly treated by the squatter and his family, proved most faithful ser- vants. Bessie herself has told me many a funny tale of the doings and sayings of old Tommie who gave many proofs of his devotion to his master. Some miles from the station there were tribes of savage and treacherous blacks, who would not hesitate to spear any ''white fellow" who came in their way, and when first Mr. Wild came to the station they gave him a great deal of trouble. For several years, however, they had kept away from the home station, and the only thing they did was to spear a sheep or two when too lazy to hunt kanga- roos or opossums. Amongst Mr. Wild's natives was an old lubra who was greatly attached to the family, though she be- longed to a tribe which lived a long long way from the station, and who were often at war with the Cooper's Creek blacks. This old creature used sometimes to go away, and stay for a few days with her own people, and when she returned used to generally have a great deal to say of the doings of the blacks, sometimes telling the truth, but more often drawing very largely on her imagination in describing fights and corroborees and such like. Early one morn- ing— it was the morning of Christinas Eve— and Rosie came stealing into the kitchen, where Mrs. Wild and Bessie were getting things ready for the next day’s dinner and the little boys were stoning raisins for the usual Christmas pudding. She— Rosie— had been I away for two days, and Mrs. Wild was glad to have her back again to help with the extra work which Christmas always brings. Instead of her usual flow of talk Rosie was very silent, and almost scared and nervous-looking. In a few moments she beckoned Mrs. Wild outside the kitchen door, and Bessie, watching through the win- dow, saw the lubra pointing in the direction ; of the creek, and whispering in a very ex- j cited kind of way to her mother, whose face grew suddenly pale. "What can be the matter?" thought Bessie. "I wonder if it's blacks?" She glanced at her two little brothers who were seated on the floor, one on each side of a bench, eating as many raisins as they stoned, and talking about Santa Claus, wondering what the good old fellow would put in their stockings that night. “ I hope he won’t put any raisins in, said Dick; “I’ve had just about enough of them now. Haven't you, Percy?" Before Percy had time to reply their mother came in with Rosie close behind her, and said "Children, listen to me. Your father will not be home till evening, perhaps not till to-morrow morning, and the blacks from the north intend coming here to-day. Rosie has just told me that she heard from some of her friends that there are large numbers of them marching down the creek even now. Oh, what shall we do?" "I'll shoot them, mother, if they come here," said little Percy, jumping up and trying to look brave — though his heart beat, oh so quickly. "I'll shoot every man jack of them, see if I don't." As Percy was only eight, this va- lient speech did not give his mother much comfort. "Let us hide under the bed," said ten-year-old Dick, who, having eaten a large quantity of raisins, did not feel in the humour for fighting, and evidently thought that "the better part of valour was discre- tion." Mr. Wild had started to go to the nearest township for stores some days be- fore, leaving an old Irishman, who had been many years in his service, to look after Mrs. Wild and see to things in general about the house. Unfortunately, Mick was as much afraid of blacks as he was of ghosts, and, as all the other men were in distant parts of the run attending to their work, the situa- tion of the family seemed desperate. Even Tominie had been sent to one of the shep- herd's huts with provisions the day before, and could not possibly return till night. They must do something and that quickly. Poor Mrs. Wild sat down to think. How could they resist a horde of cruel blacks bent on murder and plunder? They must fly, but where the nearest station to their own was sixteen miles away, further down the creek. If they could walk so far, and if they could elude the keen scent of their enemies; if , but it seemed almost impossible. Rosie began to grow impatient. "Missa," she said trem- bling as she spoke, "blaekfellow come down alonga creek, come down alonga ranges, killum whitefellow, killum whitefellow lu- bra, killum whitefellow piccaninny. Missa, you walk alonga creek, takum piccaninny, shut up doors, me walk alonga creek too. Blaekfellow soon come- wantum piccaninny fat." Poor mother. She felt sick and faint. What if her darlings were killed before her eyes. The thought was too horrible. "They won't get my fat, anyway, Rosie," said Bessie at last with a little laugh, which had, however, a suspicious break in it. "Mother, dear, let us do as Rosie says. I'll call Mick, and we'll all steal off down to the creek and hide in the scrub. The blacks must have know that father and the men were away. Mick is in the work- shop. He is not much good to fight, but he'll carry the boys if they get very tired. We may have a long way to go." "Bessie, dear child, how brave you are," said her mother, starting up. " "I am ashamed of myself. Yes, you are right, we may even be out all night. Rosie, fill the waterbag, and put some bread and meat in a basket, quick. Boys, put your coats on, and Bessie, take some wraps— though the davs are warm the nights are chilly. Their few preparations were soon made, the fire was put out, and the windows made as secure as possible. There were only four rooms in the "wattle-and-dab" house, and two doors, one at the back and the other in the front. Both doors fastened on the inside with an iron bolt, but there was no way of fastening them from the out-side. While they were considering how this diffi- culty could be overcome Mick rushed into the kitchen exlaiming, "Oh, Saints purtect us, ma'am, but the black heathens are coming. It's meself that saw them just beyant the bind of the creek. Yerra, it's killed we'll all he this blessed day!" "Bessie," said Mrs. Wild, "we cannot leave the door open, or the blacks will steal everything in the house. What is to be done?" Bessie shook her head. She could think of nothing just then. “Only it's meself that's so mighty big," said Mick, "I would fasten the dure in- side and then jump out uv the window; but the windows are too small entirely for the loikes of me to squeeze through." "But not too small for me," said Bessie quickly. "Mother, you and Mick and the boys follow Rosie. I'll stay behind and fasten the door safely, then I can easily squeeze out through the kitchen window, 1 as I’m so small." “ My darling, I would much rather we started together," said her mother, "but— “Sure ma'am, it's no time we have to spare talking about it," said Mick. "Thim black gentlemen can walk faster than the little ones here, and I think we had better be movin' on." "Yes; go, mother, dear. I'll soon follow," said Bessie. "I'll only be a minute or two behind you," and to save further argument the brave little girl stepped back into the kitchen and fastened the door securely on the inside. Just before climbing out of the ; window she discovered that in their haste they had forgotten to fasten the window of her father's office. "I must be careful about this," she said to herself. "As this one is a little larger than the others they might manage to creep through." She quickly climbed upon a stool so as to reach the bolt which secured the window at the top, but what was her terror when she saw coming rapidly in the direction of the house another party of blacks , besides those which Mick had seen further off. Escape was now impossible. She quickly hurried to the kitchen and looked out. There was no sign of mother and the others. They had dis- appeared behind a thick belt of scrub not far from the house. Bessie hoped they had not been noticed by the natives. She climbed upon the kitchen, table, which was drawn close to the wall, and opened the tiny window. Where would she run to if she got out?" she asked herself. Her heart was thumping against her side, her knees felt weak and shaky, and her hands trembled as she remembered Rosie's words about the piccaninny's fat. Were they after all going to have her fat? Horrible thought, She must hesitate no longer. She would creep out, then steal round to the other side of the house, run along the garden fence, and soon be in the shelter of the thick pines. Oh, how she wished her dear father were near. She drew a long breath, and with a little child- ish cry for help to the great All Father, she-put her head and shoulders through the window. Whiz! A great boomerang flew past her, almost touching her hair. She quickly drew in her head, shut the window, and crouched down close to the wall. Had the natives seen her she wondered, or had they only thrown at a venture? She could not tell. She only hoped and prayed that the others were safe. Perhaps if the blacks thought that any one was in the house they would stay about the place for an hour or two, and thus give the others time to get a good distance down the creek. Poor little Bessie felt terribly lonely as the minutes passed and she heard no sound. At last she could bear the suspense no longer, so she got up and peeped out of the window. There were thirty or forty natives surround- ing the house, some sitting, and some stand ing about in the yard. It was quite plain that she must stay where she was for the present, but she felt such a horrid, disa- greeable lump rise in her throat, and her brown eyes filled with tears, which she was almost afraid to let fall, when she reflected that perhaps she would have to spend the dav, and night, too, alone, surrounded by savages. "I shall not cry, I shall not cry, she said to herself, as she set her teeth and put up her hands to press back that nasty lump in her poor little throat. One thought sustained the brave little soul through the weary hours that followed. The thought that she had most likely by showing her face at the window kept the blacks from searching for tracks and following the runaways. She was right; the besiegers suspected that some one was in the house, and deter- mined to watch as long as they could. If men were in the house, they would be likely to have firearms so they deemed it prudent i not to come too close. If there were women only, they knew they would make no sign, and their plan was to wait till night before making any attack. By that time they were sure to know whom the house con- tained, for men would "show fight” long before the day was over; but women would wait till darkness came, and try to make their escape. The hours dragged wearily on. Would those dreadful blacks ever go away? Poor Bessie never imagined that a single day could be so long. It was about 8 o'clock in the morning when the blacks first made their appearance, and at 5 o'clock they showed no signs of moving. She began to think that something must be wrong with the kitchen clock, because the hands seemed to go round so slowly. All day she sat crouched up against the wall under the table, and towards evening when the shadows began to lengthen and it got rather dark in the kitchen, she ventured to stand up and stretch her cramped and aching limbs. She was hungry, too, having had nothing to eat since her 7-o'clock break- fast. "I need not starve, even if I am a prisoner," she said as she cut herself some bread and butter and took a drink of milk. ''I'll have a good meal, for I might get a chance to sneak out when it gets darker; and I shall want all my strength to run as far as the creek. Oh dear, I wonder where : mother and the boys are. I should think that Mick would be able to get them across j the creek and on towards Duncan's station I before night." Soon the sun set. The short twilight faded. The long shadows of the house and the sheds and the pine-trees met. Still the blackfellows kept watch. '"Surely they must be hungry,” thought Bessie and then she shuddered. What if they broke into the house and found her, and— and Oh, it was dreadful to think of. She must try to get away. That awkward lump came in her throat again, and tears filled the brave, brown eyes; but she quickly dashed them away, and, picking up her sun-bonnet, she put it on and tied the strings in a tight bow with a very determined air. “I shall not stay here to be eaten," she whisperd to herself, with a little stamp of her foot, just to keep up her failing courage. "I must try to slip out of the window." Once more she climbed on the table. It was too dark by this time to see far from the house, and her dusky enemies might be very near. Still she felt she could bear imprisonment and loneliness no longer, so softly opening the window she crept out, slid gently down, and crouching close to the wall, made her way as quickly as her trembling legs could carry her to the paling fence which surrounded the garden and house. Creeping under the slip-panel she, still on her hands and knees, reached the shelter off the pines, which were not far off. Her heart thumped so dreadfully that she felt sick and faint, and her legs trembled so that she was forced to sit down for a few moments. Just as she was about to steal gently away she saw the bright light of a fire which the blacks had kindled close to the woolshed. She had not been a moment too soon in escaping from the house. By the light of their fire they would most cer- tainly have seen her, and she would not have dared to venture out. "Very likely they are going to roast a 'possum," said Bessie, "and, if so, I shall have all the better chance of getting away." Fear lent wings to her feet, and before long she was out of hearing of the blacks, flying through the thick pines along the rough, narrow path which ran along the creek to the ford, nine miles further on. She walked and ran so quickly at first that before she had gone quarter of the dis- tance she felt so weary that nothing but the fear of being overtaken by her enemies could have kept her up. Once or twice she stopped and held her breath when she heard a twig snap, or an opossum run down a tree. After she had run and walked about four miles the moon began to rise, and though she was glad of her friendly light she knew there was more danger of being seen should there be any blacks about. We all know how a shadow will frighten us sometimes, and it is no wonder that Bessie's short shadow falling at her side startled her at times as she hurried through the lonely scrub, stumbling in her haste over roots and low stumps, terrified at the sound of her footsteps, which, in her frightened fancy, seemed so very loud. Still, on she straggled bravely, never paus- ing for a moment's rest. The moon rose slowly up and up above the solemn greyish pine-trees, and by the increasing light the little girl was able to walk with much less stumbling until about six miles of the dis- tance were covered. Her back ached, her legs ached, and her feet were, oh, so sore, and she was just wondering if it would be safe to rest for a minute on a fallen log which was close to the track, when she heard a sound that made her heart stand still. Surely there were footsteps. Could it be the blacks? She held her breath and listened. She heard voices; they came nearer and nearer. Falling on her knees in the shadow of a shrub she listened. They did not sound like the voices of the natives. Oh, it seemed too good to be true, : but she thought she recognised the broad | brogue of dear old Mick. Yes, there was no mistaking it, and all her troubles were over for the present. She sprang to her feet and rushed along the path, almost falling into the arms of the over- joyed Mick. "Sure an' it's meself that's glad to see yees, Miss Bessie," he exclaimed, taking the trembling child in his arms. "An' it's Michael that's the proud man this night. It’s glad, too, the missis will be; for not a wink of slape would she have had this blessid night if we had not got some news of yees." Mr. Duncan, the owner of the next sta- tion, and some of his men had accompanied Mick, some on foot, and some on horseback. Bessie was soon lifted to the front of Mr. Duncan's saddle, and the party retraced their steps in high spirits at having such good news to take back to the almost-fran- tic mother. When an hour or two later, Bessie found herself seated by her mother's side in Mr. Duncan's dining-room, she al- j most fancied that the experience of that day and night was a dreadful dream, or that it had all happened to some other little girl, for whom she felt very sorry. When Mrs. Wild and the children, with Mick and the lubra, left the house in the morning, they quite expected that Bessie would overtake them in a few minutes, and, still hoping, they hurried on through the pine scrub in the direction of the creek. They had not seen the blacks which were nearest to the house for they were behind the pines when they-the blacks-emerged from the shelter of the wool sheds. Mick proposed crossing the creek as soon as pos- sible, so as to leave no tracks for the keen scented natives to follow, and, as the creek was too deep for the children and Mrs. wild wade, Mick decided to swim across in the chance of finding a stray horse that would carry the rest of the party over. This he succeeded in doing. Mrs. Wild and the little boys were as much at home on the back of a horse as on their own feet and they were soon safe on the other side of the creek. There they waited for some considerable time, expecting to see Bessie coming through the scrub towards the creek, but no Bessie came in sight. The poor mother was nearly distracted, and re- fused to move from the place, until Mick, who had risen to the occasion in a most un- expected way, insisted on putting Lick and Percy on the back of the old saddle back that had carried them through the creek, and sending them under the guidance of Rosie, who knew the track well, in the direction of Mr. Duncan's house. "Would ye be having thim black spalpeens spear- ing the lot ov, us, mam," he said. "Isn’t it better that some of us thry to get as far as Duncan’s and get some of their min to go back and search for Miss Bessie? What could you, a lone woman, do agin thim all? And I'm thinkin' it's safe the darlin' is hidin' away quite cunnin' like, till some one comes to help her. And more than that, mam. won't the Blessid Virgin herself kapt watch over her, and Her Blessed Child, too, this holy Christmas time?" Clearly, staying where they were could do no good; going forward might. So very sadly poor Mrs. Wild turned to follow Rosie and the boys. It was a weary, weary tramp in the hot sand through the scrub and across the dry, scorched plain to Mr. Duncan's house, which they reached late in the afternoon. Many and many a time they stopped and looked back, straining their eyes in vain for sight of brave little Bessie, but no Bessie was to be seen. As soon as Mr. Duncan heard Mrs. Wild's story, he sent to the men's quarters, telling them to get horses ready at once, and with all the firearms they had, to set out to look for Bessie. They quite expected to have an encounter with the natives, but had little hope of bringing Mrs. Wild's little girl back to her. They thought she must have fallen into the hands of the savages, for where else could she be, unless in her haste and fright she missed the path, to the creek and was wandering about the scrub. Words fail to express their surprise and joy when they found her safe and un- hurt, but weary and footsore, about half way between her own home and Mr. Dun- can's. The next day Mr. Wild himself returned, having been detained on the road for some hours owing to the lameness one of of his horses. When he called at Mr. Duncan's on his way home he was greatly astonished to find his whole family there, and more astonished still to hear of their unpleasant adventures. However, "all's well that ends well," and every one had a merry Christ- mas after all. Very early that morning some of the station hands rode across to interview the black visitors at Mr. Wild's house, but they soon made off as fast as their thin black legs could carry them. Not, however, before they had received amongst them a few charges of saltpetre and split peas. Bessie laughed very heartily when she told me this, but she said hat the blacks who once got a charge of this kind of shot about their bodies would not be likely to forget it in a hurry. Percy and Dick wondered how "Poor old Santa" fared on Christmas Eve when he came to pay his usual visit to their stock- ings, but after talking the matter over for some time with Bessie they came to the conclusion that as Santa Claus was a "sort of kind of fairy" the blacks would not notice him. Great was their astonishment when on waking in the morning at Mrs. Duncan's they found their stockings just as full of goodies as the stockings of the little Duncan's, who slept in the same room. "How jolly funny!" said Percy. "Santa must have known we were here. I think he's a very clever sort of fairy, don't you, Dickie” Not only Dick, but all the children agreed with Percy in thinking that Santa Claus was indeed the very cleverest of all clever fairies, and I am sure that you, dear chil- dren, who read this story of Bessie’s Christ- mas think so too. It may interest you to know that when Bessie told me this story she was a gran - mother. None of her children were ever tired of listening to the many tales she used to tell on lovely moonlit summer nights, when they all sat out in the cool, scented garden, and it was on one of these nights that I joined the party and heard her tell how she bolted the kitchen door so many years before. 