ST. GEORGE'S CATHEDRAL SERMON BY THE BISHOP. Yesterday evening the Bishop continued his series of sermons on ''The Christians in the World,' bns ip.£ his discourse on four texts. J. Cor. vi. 19, Luke v. 8, I. Cor. is. 17, and Romans vi. 13. He said that tho seventh commandment Avas inter preted by Christ as forbidding not only acts but also thoughts of im purity. According to the catechism the commandment signified that we were to keep our bodies in 'temper- ance, soberness, and chastity.' He had asked the clergy that day to preach on the subject of intemper ance — not to formulate any definite scheme for its suppression, but to bring home to their hearers the ex tent of the evil, and the necessity that all Christians should combat it. By the sin of drunkenness many men, especially the young, were ruined in body and mind, and, as far as we could see, in soul as well. There were not many families with out one relative who was a curse to himself and a disgrace to them. The money spent in intemperance was ten thousand times worse than wasted ; it would be far better if it were merely cast into the sea. In the case of impurity it was not so easy to say how far the canker had eaten into the heart of the people, but all knew that in all large towns what was called the social evil pre vailed to a great extent — an evil which dragged men down from the level of human beings to a lower level than that of 'the beasts that perish.' All admitted the existence of the two evils, intemperance and impurity, but how many did anything to remedy them? jjefore a remedy could be found it was necessary to understand the cause. The first cause that he would name was our evil, nature, and hence the command was given 'Thou slialt not,' the 'thou' showing that every man was responsible, and would be judged for his own acts. Then there Avas selfishness. How many a father spent on himself and his so-called friends the money that ought to have been spent on his family? The sin of impurity was often caused by ignorance, and to those who fell iu this way society ought to show more pity and loss scorn. Another cause of evil was the fact that the1 world thought lightly of it. When sin v aa called by pleasant names the evil sank deeply into the heart. If -a drunkard were called a drunkard, a mau not fit for civilised, mu:h less for Christian society ; if an adulterer were called an adulterer, and if the same punishment were meted out to him that was often in flicted on some girl who had oti'end cd through ignorance ; and if sin were called sin as plainly as it was m tho Bible, our morality would be infinitely better. The first remedy for the evil was self-knowledge. When Peter said 'Depart from me, for I am a sinful1 man,''' he knew himself. Men ought to know more about their bodies, tiiat they might know where their weakness lay. Children ought to be instructed by their parents in these matters. The next remedy was selfrever ence. 'Know ye not that your bodies are temples of the Holy Ghost?' One reason why it was so difficult to reform women who had fallen was that they had lost all self-respect. Thirdly, there was self-control. 'I keep under my body,' said St. Paul, 'and bring it into subjection.'' Plato said that the soul of man consisted of three parts. There was a many headed beast, typifying the lusts of the nesh, a lion, which represent ed man's passionate nature, and, thirdly, there was the man himself. It was only when, the man had the mastery of the iuany-he;tded beast and the lion that ho hud perfect self-control. The last remedy wsu; self-surrender. 'Yield yourselves as servants unto God.' Our bodies belonged to God^ and no man had a right to destroy what belonged to another. If any man said '1 havo sinned — what can happoji lo me?' he would say to that man —One who could pardon sin was not deadj but was risen again. When the woman taken in sin wa3 brought before Him He did not condemn her. If any man in that congregation was touched by vlie words he had spoken he would say to him, as Christ said to tho woman, 'Go and sin no more.' The sermon was prefaced by an urgent appeal on behalf of' the Home of the Good Shepherd. ' 