Oclds and Ends. Clare's Weekly (last Saturday's issue) baa a portrait of Bishop Kelly. Ib also reproduces a photo of the Anglican Bishop, Dr. Riley. In one of the numerous sweepstakes that were promoted in Geraldton on the Melbourne Cup, a well-known young lady drew Tho Grafter, She refused, however, to take the horse because she objected to that hideously slangy term " graft." She exchanged tickets with some one else, and droped a few pounds in consequence. Even that hasn't reconciled her to slang. Tho chief point, about a fight lies in being an onlooker. There is of course some pleasure in being a participator if the other fellow hasn't got, a ghost of a chance. But. some men yearn for a battle, win or loso. Tho 10-year old makings of such a man appeared in Geraldton the other day. He alighted on a crowd of youngsters quarrelling; was asked by 0110 of the parly io " smash that feller," f he " feller " being indicated by a vague wave oft he hand. With a noble disregard for polty particulars tho new crmier promply knocked down the boy nearest to him. lie bud made a mistake though, and tho real culprit took advantage of the h.ot to get, out, of sight. Hut the avenger's blood was up, so he perlormcd some ferocious erolutions round the prostrate and partially dazed innocent who ventured to offer a mild verbal protest. " Never mind if yer ain't the right, feller" remarked the avenger, " Yer ain't cry in'anyhow." Then he renewed the onslaught. Central Hall seems to have fully launched 011 a very giddy career, and has become greatly in demand for dances. Its bright cheerful walls will on Monday night again resound to the patter of the light fantustic, for on that evening Mr. Max. Rcichard opens a quadrille season. At, Cential Hall yesterday potatoes fetchcd £2'i per ton. What, au opening there is in these parts for scientific spud production on an extensive scale. Tiie Melbourne Leader has at length evolved its supplement dealing with Western Australia. Unlike one or two of its predecessors, this supplement gives the Murehison a fair show. Cue, Magnet, Day Dawn, and other mining centres up there are noticed at length. Geraldton is honored with fivo lines. This town was alwavs a haughty stuck-up creature, but if those five lines don't turn its head absolutely the Telegraph is 110 prophet, Messrs. Luke and Vindin were tho gentlemen who, between them, compiled tho Leader x Westralian supplement, the latter furnishing the letter press and the former tho illustrations. It may be noted as a curious circumstance that there are, in or near the Mt. Wittenoom district, two hills named respectively Mount Luke and Mount Vindin A remarkable coincidence surely. Tho Curator of the Perth .Museum is asking for photographs of aboriginals " with largo heads." Don't know what this means a bit, but are wondering if it would be allowable to make niggers' heads swell by artificial means before photographing them. The head which results from a night's communion with an—er—feeding bottle, should be big enough for any curator. It is officially announced that Mr. John llyan has been appointed a J.P, for ttie Victoria District,. The district is overjoyed of course, and it hastens to enthusiastically congratulate itself. But isn't the information rather vague? Who is Mr. John Kyan ? Several hundred people broke into a cold perspiration and looked about for boles to crawl into on Wednesday last when they found that the gentleman they had been vigorously saluting all along the line, was Father O'Jliordan and not Bishop Kelly at all. Had Gcraldtonians been devouter readers of that pious publication, Clare's Weekly, which last week reproduced a portrait of Dr. Kelly, they would have avoided a very awkward position. As an outcome of the affectionate meeting between Messrs. Norton and Meagher some weeks ago, the latter has to pay IM for the share he took in the greetings which were exchanged between the two gentleman 011 the occasion referred to. Practically the jury exonerated Meagher, deeming his actions amply justified, and the judge had 110 fault to find with this verdict. By inflicting a fine of £0 His Honor virtually remarked, " Richard Denis Meagher, you are a fortunate man. You have experienced the extreme felicity of walloping a deserving enemy. For this luxury you really ought not to mind paying a paltry five sovs., ought you now ?" Of course Richard winked knowingly, and paid for his pleasure like a man. The Railway Department announces that it has discontinued the running of the cool storage car on the Geraldton-Cue line. " Discontinued the running" is not bad. The Department might as well inform the public that the clock at the railway station has ceased taking its nightly stroll up Marine Terrace. Some looney scribc down Perth way has started the fable that the membei for Northampton is going to get Wainscot's place. Well, in order to be quite up to date, the Telegraph hereby makes it kno>vn that it is the Cabinet's intention to make Sam Mitchell either Governor or Chief Justice, according to whichever of these two officials pegs out first under the course of slow poisoning the Government is prepared to initiate. Thus it will be seen that the Ministry is going to risk even its neck in order to make old Sam comfortable. The West Australian supplement to the header contains three illustrations dealing with matters Geraldtoniau. To show a picture of the public buildings looking scraggy and unkempt, in their unfinished condition is something like exhibiting a halfplucked fowl as a representative of a thriving poultry farm. Then a photo of the lacecourse bore seems to have dropped by accident on to a page which has no earthly connection with Geraldton. A third illustration is a splendid photo of the Hon. Fred. Whitcombe, M.L C., inserted more in connection with Cue than Geraldton. Tt is said that our local photographer's were largely to blame for the small number of Geraldton views in the supplement-they having failed to supply the photographs when ^sked, 