A PROTESTANT CONVENTION. ADDRESSES ON PENI'EGOSTAI., CHRISTIANITY. .f 'A Oliristlnn convention, linvlng in view tlio consideration of the subject of rente- costal Clirlstinuity by ministers represent ing the various Protestant denominations. wits commenced yesterday forenoon in tlio Independent Church, Collins-street. The promoters arc the members of tlio Conven tion Iiund, which hns been In existence for a number of years, nml tlic Inst gntliorlng of the kiud wns thnt which .vns held nt Geo- long n year ago. Yesterday three services were held, and among those upon the pint- form were the Revs. J. Kiug (Congrega tional), Knight, Williams nud lllnckwoll (Wesleynn Church), Isaacs nnd Webb (Bap tist), Cole (Central Mission), and Dr. M'Coll, while iu the congregation were representa tives ot Anglican, Presbyterian and Bible Christian Churches, At the morning meet- lug. , The Rev. Joseph Kiug, who presided, gave tlic llrst address on the subject receiving the convention's consideration. They were -as sembled, he snld, to deal with nud reflect upon the old but over wondrous theme oC Pentecost, when there was poured forth the glorious Iloly Spirit which was designed to run on through nil tlio ages to the very end of time. There hnd been ntoro written dur ing tlio pust 10 or 50 yenrs in reference to the doctrine of holiness and the power of the Indwelling spirit than during tlio preceding centuries of Christianity. IIo remembered how, iu the early days of his ministry, the subject was hardly spoken of, but now it wns found' in the teachings of the divines in every church who bore testimony to the power of Christ to save to the uttermost. All that was needed to raise Christianity to a higher spiritual level and to make tlioiu a regenerated people was the bnptlsm of the Holy Ghost; and iu praying thnt day for the advent of the blessed spirit, let It be re membered tlmt the wonderful power of prayer laid never yet been fully tested The Rev. John Wutsford snld that In ap- prouchlng this all tmportuiit matter tliey lind to go, not to creeds or churches, but only to tlic Bible, mid must bo willing to lonrn and to put nwny prejudice, while there must bo no attempt to tone down tlio mean ing so plainly expressed In the Apostlos' Epistles. Tlio apostles were filled witli the Holy Ghost, the third person In the glorious trinity, nnd the essence of what they taught wns that there is a con- scions, conUnunl, divine Indwelling 'phe scene ou tlio day of Pentecost was n glorious one; would that they might see something like it in Melbourne to-dny, where men nil a round them were going to lioll, nnd if tlioy died ns tliey were would perish for ever. Was tlio Pentecostal Clirlstinuity like the Christianity of tlio nineteenth century, and were the Christinas of Melbourne like unto those of the Apostolic age in their low -of Christ and of one another? He fcarcd£>t. There wns too much advertising of on outlandish subjects, of noted praM? Jt and prominent singers, in orderS&fHraw; large congregations, nnd too llttlezeal, cour- ?,SU,.a.n<1 '"H'cstncss. He was'nfruid thnt ? c,'?; conversions of men were like «!!i nn<1 fal' ll(-'tween. But If Iwr Christians of to-dny wore filled with I oiitocostnl piety their efforts would he re warded with a full measure of success. At tlio afternoon gathering there wns n lnrge attendance, and the Rev. J. Watsford W Chn !iov "mr- w"? ,fiI>0"klr'S resumed !> the Rot. Mr. Knight, who snld tliat what if.!' T'1K t0 n.la" lu tl,e TBlou of the un- (iLisiiiiid.'ig nnd imagination Was tlic wls- dom whlen was the gift of tlio Holy Ghost tlio region of the conscience and the mora percept".". Love fulfilled the luw In- stliictivcly, nnd this endowment of tho Holv s>ldrlt gave a innii insight Into truth, so that <1 is posit' l'o ii! Dr. M'Coll, In the course of a long add reed rod !'L f ,0VCd tlmt 1,1 th0 churches to'dny u us doing as much as Ho could, but the un ion, but were not so holy and rolicrloufl In tlioli homes, if tliey woi-o nfviim . .(-onsitloreff "narrow," in tho worldly phras lliuUty.""1 UCVCr rcnllse Pen'ccostaI Chrls- cfclns mooting was also well nttend- iite "i nvc" "COD, of Geeloiiir, iimi w r rfc ll"'®!111"'! «»' be continued o'clock'. "'St. session beginning ut 10.S0 