THE RIVAL CRUSOES. DE ROUGEMONT AND THE PARSON. SOME PECULIAR COINCIDENCES. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, September 16, 1898. The 'Yorkshire Post printed the other day a rather remarkable article, in which I are made some 'odgus comparigons' be tween the sensational narrative of M. Louis de Rougemout and the story of an other Robinson Crusoe, whose adventures were narrated in Charles Dickens's 'All the Year Round' in May, 1862. According to this story some 36 or 38 years ago a j'oung English curate went out as a mis sionary and settled down with a savage tribe in the North Island of New Zealand. He lived in a hut on a piece of ground given to him by a native. The chief of the tribe, an old man named Manu, gave him two boys as slaves, and they assisted him in cultivating his garden and on his fishing expeditions. In August, 1859, the curate, wishing for a change of diet, made up his mind to go for a day's fishing towards Cape Brett, a dangerous quarter, with sunken rocks. Towards Cape Brett he set out in a small boat and in two hours reached his fishing-ground. After some time a breeze sprang up, then a he^vy sea, then a storm. The curate hauled sai) and decided to drift. But the stonn increased in violence and his little boat was washed about all night. Next day he and his boat were driven ashore, and, making his boat fast co the beach, he reconnoitred and disco vered that he was on a small and seemingly uninhabited island. He was absolutely alone, 'with no earthly possessions beyond a small pocket-knife, a pair of blankets, a few pieces of broken glass (the remains of two bottles which I found on the rocks and which I carefully treasured), and my tattered sails and a broken boat.' He goes on:— 'I had not even a dog or a cat for my companion, I had no wrecked ship wnerefrom to draw resources.' Now M. de Eiougemont ? is particularly careful to state that he had a dog— the captain's dog, which saved - his life and was so useful to him — aniiitliat he had a lot of provisions on the wrecked ship. which he more than1 once visited. Thia difference between the two stories is therefore .anything but a coincidence. But let the curate continue his story. Six miles from Cape Brett are two groups of rocks 'always out of water, though at high tide but a few feet out.' M. de Rouge mont's boat was carried by storm ,into a very similar neighborhood.' 'At all events, the island he was cast upon was onlv 8 ft. above sea-level at high water.' M. de Rougemont, on realising his terrible posi tion, began to despair. 'You may, per haps,' he says, 'form Some conception of my utter dismay on failing to come across any trace of fresh water. He was begin ning to fear that death might soon put an end to his sufferings. The curate ' was hi a very similar state of mind, but, as a clergyman would do, he comforted himself with repeating the verse — 'Why art thou cast down, O my soul? and why art thou disquieted with me? Hope thou in God; for I shall yet praise Him for the help of His countenance.' But both M. de Rouge mont and the curate realised the neces sity for doing something— lighting a fire, for example. Of course they kindled a fire in orthodox Robinson Crusoe fashion, by rubbing two sticks together until they ignited by friction. There is nothing astonishing in that; it is so natural as scarcely to be a coincidence. But what is strange is that the curate should take the trouble in his magazine story to say — 'This fire I never allowed to go out,' and that M. de Rougemont in his maga zine story should say— 'I took good care never to let it go out during the whole time I remained a prisoner on the island.' M. de Rougemont 'fixed up a flagstaff on the highest point of the island, and floated an ensign upside down from it' as a sig nal of distress. The curate had no ensign, but he had a blanket, and this he fixed up in a tree for the same purpose. After the curate had been on his isltud home for abouit five months his heart bounded at the sight of a large schooner 'about four males from the island.' He a,t once poked up his fire, heaped en moss and ferns, and aid all he could to attract her attention. 'My heart palpitated, I could distinctly hear and almost count its loud and anxious throb. 'They see the smoke, they see it,' I cried in ecstasy, as she suddenly hauled up to the wind, and 1 heard her sails strike sharply against her masts. In my excitement I screamed until my throalt was sore, with the vain hope that the people on board would hear my cries.' But they did not. The schooner kept on her course, and the curate telt more like Robinson Crusoe than ever. Now for M. de Rougemont. 'Seven weary months' — two more than the curate— had passed before one morning, on scanning the horizon, he 'leaped in the air and screamed. 'My God, a sail, a sail. I be came nearly delirious with excitement, but alas, the ship was too far out at sea to notice my frantic signals. She must have been 'fully five miles away —a mde more than the curate's— and she did not see the signals of distress. M. de Rougemont felt —just like the curate, as he naturally would. 'Never,' he says, 'can I hope to describe the gnawing pain at my heart as, hoarse and half mad:, I sank exhausted on tihe sand, watching the last vestige of the ship disappearing. The curate was worse than this. He actually contemplated sui cide But early associations and his bet ter judgment reminded him of t'he words. 'Call upon me in the day of trouble; I will deliver thee, and thou shalt glorify me.' He went to bed. to sleeo, and it is reasonable to suppose he was comforted. M. de Rougemont also went to bed, and to sleep, and was comforted. He dreamed a beautiful dream. 'Some spiritual be ing ' he says, 'seemed to come and bend over me, smiling pityingly. . . . I lay there for some tune longer, thanking about the past— for I dared not dwell on tire future— When suddenly the intense still ness of the night was broken by a strangelv familiar voice, which said dis tinctly 'and articulately, and encourag ingly,* 'Je suis avec toi. Soyez sans peur. Tu reviendras.' ' 'From that night,' he adds, '1 never absolutely despaired when things looked their very worst. In regard to another important incident we discover a difference in time. In the case of M. de Rougemont about sixteen months elapse. In the case of the curate, about four weeks. The curate was dis turbed in the night by a noise outside his hut and by footsteps. Then he recognised the voice of his old chief who had given him the two boys. With a loud shout of welcome he ran forward to meet him. But the chief began brandishing a tomahawk. The figure then moved towards the boat. 'Stop,' the curate cried, but the figure went on. 'I am Henry.' said the curate, 'do not leave me.' 'Ka teka' (you lie), he exclaimed ,'Kua mate Henare' (Henry is dead). 'You are his spirit.' And the curate could not convince his visitor that he was not a spirit until he picked \p a stone, and aiming accurately, hit a distant tree. That was enough. Ghosts do not throw stones at trees, and the supersti tious old fellow was satisfied, lie wanted to take the curate back with him, but he would not go. He remained upon the island some days longer, but was ultimately rescued by a schooner and taken back to his tribe and his two boys. How was M. de Rougemont rescued? The story is more dramatic. After 'two inter minable years' he one day espied a ship, which turned out to be a catamaran 'with several human figures lying prostrate upon it.' Their craft was washed ashore. M. de Rousemont found his strange visitors al most dead from exhaustion. They were four blacks; a man, a woman— and two boys. He rubbed them and fed them, and gradually they recovered consciousness. And then they began to be afraid. 'Their first symptom was one of extreme terror, and in spite of every kind of action I could think oi, they held out for a long time against my advances, although I signed to them that I was their friend.' Eventually M. de Rougemont, having, as stated, taken the woman of the party as his wife, set off with the rest of .iis res cued visitors, and with them reached the Australian coast. From that point his exile of 28 years among the aboriginal tribes of Australia begins. But we leave him at this point (concludes our contem porary) because the curate's story also ends there, and further comparisons are im possible. Among the strange tribes of men about whom little is known are the Cliamacocos, living on the Upper Paraguay River. Their country abounds with birds of the most beautiful plumage, including parrots, tou cans, and trogons (whose feathers are dazzling in color), rheas with grey plumes, musk ducks of a glossy black, iGgrets. with feathers of pure white, and spoonbills of a delicate pink hue. The Ohomacocos combine all thia wealth of colored and graceful plumage in an artistic manner, and some of these savages, taH and of per fect shape, walk their forest glades in habiliments more brdUumfy if less ample, than a Paris modiste could produce. 