The Storyteller. M¥ MYSTERIOUS WOOING. ' [ContinuecL]- •'•"•"' The Barpacss put her handkerchief to her eyes." True, there were relatives, bat* Marie had seen little or nothing of them since her childhood. And now would I accept her heailteit thanks -for my kind sympathy, and would I call again whenever it a as convenient ? ' 1 withdrew, feeliag certain that, despite her cordiality, the good lady was ucueivm^ iu«. What was 1 10 do next ? i J amy ground my teeth as I reflected how powerless I was iu the iiauus ot uxe Baroness. The apartments which 1 had just quitted consisted ot several rooms ia the western wing ot the iiotci, a small staircase communicating with other rooms on the floor above. As I was walking along the corridor, a young lady came out by a door and ran up the little staircase in front ot me. She wore a broad hat, which shaded her face completely; and a chijl passed over me as I saw at once that she bore the strongest resemblance 10 the sick girl. A broad-laced servant was/ busily engaged in sweeping. I addressed her 111 my best (German : " Who is tnat, lady i" " 'i'hc niece of Madame die Baroness," wab the prompt reply. " Are you sure ? " 4 1 Why, ye*/' declared the girl, as aric poc<veu.u die piece ot silver that I gave her j " the lady's-maid tolci me so for a tact." " iiretchca," called a shrill voice from upstairs, " what are you chattering about ? Come 1 " And viicuaen dropped her broom ana lied. That evening I was walking up and down a quiet path by the river, indulging in the consolation of a smoke. There was a summer-house at the end of the path, and I strolled close up to it before I became aware that it was occupied by a lady. I raised my hat and was about to pologise, when J Suddenly, disco- veredthat 1' stood face to face with the invalid. At sight of me she started and drew back.- " Mademoiselle," I said reproachfully, " I was told—doubtless with your consent—that you were very ill, otherwise I should have entreated to be allowed to see you, if only for a few moments. In return for the small service that I was able to render ihe other day, will you answer one question? It is of the utmost importance to me, or I would no sk such a favor. There is no time ' ^ Iost » for 1 am going back to Loudon at,the end of the week." " Not now," interrupted my companion hastily, laying her iinger upon my arm ; " another time—not no\v t Look, look—there is my aunt, and she must not find me here I" In the gloom I perceived the majestic figure of the Baroness coming along the path. "Go.towards her—I can escape through the bushes. Say nothing about me f and do not go to London." •V • ; . like a ghost the young girl dipped into the shadow of the summer-house and disappeared noiselessly behind a .thick sweetbriar hedge, while I walked down the path in the direction of the Baroness, who greeted me with her usual civility. / "Good evening, Mr. Deane. I have come out to enjoy the air after the fatigue of the day." "May I be permitted," 1 asked somewhat maliciously, " to inquire after the health of Mademoiselle la Manche ? " "Thankyou—the doctor gives a more encouraging account this evening ; but he does not permit her to leave her room." The stately iady raised her eyes to mine and uttered these words with every appearance of truthfulness. " I shall continue my way in the direction of the summer-house. It is, I think unoccupied ? " " Yes ; you will find no one to disturb you." She smiled and went away slowly, waving her large fan. In the passage of the hotel, to which I now returned, I was accosted by Gretchen. "A note for the English gentleman/'said the giiL/ I quickly tone open .the envelope, and found a f lew lines scribbled,in pencil: " You have done 'so much x for us already that I venture to ask another- .favor. 'Meet me tc morrow morning at the Summer-tiouSe at ten o'clock. I will4;ell you all-you wish to know.. Why do you not trust me ? "Yours, / " Marie Estelle-" Long before the appointed hour I was waiting in the summer-house. I had now, alter a sleepless nighty resolved upon a plan of action. The business which called me to Cologne was aU but completed; in a few days I should be free to whither I chose. If Mademoiselle la Manche was willing to help me in my search for Estelle—and I was convinced -that she had it in her power to do so—well and good ; if not, I would return to London and make inquiries at the Beeches. If Estelle were alive, I Would find hier and learn from her own lips what my fate was to be. The hotel clock struck ten, but the invalid had not kept her appointment. Much vexed, I paced up and down the narrow path that led to the summer-house; then I made a wider circuit and' returned on the other side. A shadow moved as I entered . she was there at last, standing with her L>ack to the doorway. She had covered her head with a lace shawl, through which the graceful turn of her lie ok and curls of her dark hair were rii-' ;K:tly visible. She did not look up ; • - „ pp ear/to take any uotice of my ; 1 . jsence. " Alademoi I said, I have obeyed your instructions ; I am here." I am dee; >ly indebted to you for this and for m.ii.y another kindness," she replied, sptaking so softly that I was afraid she was really ill and-had acted imprudently in coming out so early. Mr. Deane, I am prepared 10 answer any question you may wish to )bk mc." I hope that my question will be a very easy one far you to answer, mademoiselle. Will you give me the address c-f Miss Estelle Ber trand ? " » ., «i. There-was"; ilence in the summerhouse ior a ic,v minutes, and then ,she moved ir. . or to me. " I appeal to your generosity," she said, a little a.i.uously, " to tell me Why you wish lor this address." *' Since you so tar interest yourself iu a stranger, mademoiselle," I replied, *• 1 will tell you. I was so unfortunate as to be called away from London just as I was about to ask Miss Beixrand to honor me by becoming my wife." She clasped her hands together frith a sott musical laugh that was most irritating to a man who was desperately in earnest. " I tiil to understand what I have said to cause \you so much amusement. The matter is one of the gravest importance to me. If you know where Miss Bertraiid is to be found, I beg of you to tell me. If you do not choose to enlighten me on the subject, I shall hud some other means of obtaining the information I require, as I return to London immediately," * " But," she said, with dismay," you will come back again ? " " No," I replied frigidly ; " that is too much to ask ot me. 1 am not at all likely to return to Germany." Again there was ah awkward pause, during Which I felt rather un- comfortable. This girl exercised a strange fascination over me, tor her voice and her manner were very familiar to me. But she had come prepared to do a kindness. Whose fault waa it that so' far we had onlyquarrelled, or that 1 was about to leave her in high dudgeon ? " Won't you say good-bye to me before you go ? " she said at last.* " Won't you first tell me what I am longing to hear ? " I persisted. She moved her head in assent, and her low musical tones fell distinctly upon my ears. " Estelle—Estelle Marie Bertrand never received any tidings irom you after tile day you called at , tae lieeches. She could not write to you because " *' Why not ? " I asked, my heart beating wildly as i approached her. " She did not know where you lived. She and her mother left their lodgings quite unexpectedly, and took rooms in a distant suburb. Her mother is there stilL" . "And Estdie >" I gasped. " "She was sumpioaed to nurse her; only and beloved sister. The'sister, : thank Heaven, is better—much better!" "And Estelle?^ I repeated, lib was all that I could say ; but now f had both her trembling hands in" mine, and was wondering how I could have been so blind. ^ She looked up into my face, the lace veil falling about her shoulders, and I saw the dark curls and fair complexion of Marie la Manche, but the tender eyes filled with teals, the lips quivering with emotion^ the blush that crimsoned her cheeks, told me that it was Estelle whom I clasped to my heart—Estelle, my. own! The mystery, when once explained, was very simple. Marie Estelle and my . beloved were twin-sisters. Marie had been adopted some years before by her aunt, a widow with a fortune; Estelle had preferred to remain with her mother, working for her, and patiently accepting a life of toil. Much against the Baroness' will, Marie occasionally insisted upon breaking away from her luxurious home and staying with her mother and sister. . The last'visit had been paid after a temporary quarrel with her Aunt Francoise. On arriving in London, she had for a few days undertaken the charge of Estelle's pupils ; but finding this occupation insufferably tedious, she declared her intention of becoming an actress. For one short week she appeared at the Piccadilly Theatre, only to discover that she h"iid again mistaken her vocation ; and it so happened that I was present on the last night of her engagement After this Marie abandoned all idea of working for her daily bread, and returned to the Baroness, who greeted her with the warmest - affection. The one great horror of her aunt's life was that Marie's short experience in London might be discovered, so that it was natural that she refused to answer my straightforward questions. My darling had one question to ask me on that morning iu the summer-house by the Rhine, and SiBe downcast eyes and dimpling cheeks : " Are you quite sure, Edgar, that you will never come -back ? " I answered her by enfolding her in my arms and kissing her sweet warm hps. * * I gave the little embroidered handkerchief to my wife on our wedding morning. She keeps it locked up in the innermost recesses of her cabinet, with sprigs of sweetbriar laid between the folds. [THE END.] 