THE GENERAL ELECTION. (Continued from Page. G.) Mil. TABRETT IN THE ODDFELLOAYS'-HALL. Mr. J. F. Tabrett, who arrived in Lithgow on Wednesday afternoon, addressed a small, but some what noisy and , unsympathetic gathering in . the Oddfellows'-hall' the same night. Mr. If. W. Lang- ford, who filled the chair, said that ho occupied the position, though not of. . the candidate's way. of thinking. ' Mr. Tabrett said he had no intention to offer any apology for coming .before them; He believed that, he had sufficient intelligence to represent this com munity in Parliament. (Hear, hear.) He explained, the reason for his delay in coming before the people of Lithgow. A statement had been circulated, witli reference to a bridge at Katoomba, that lie, Mr. Tabrett, had said that Mr. Crouch told him that this work' could be done if the member for the district had used his influence. He said not hing of the kind. Mr. Crouch merely told him that there was 110 difficulty in the undertaking, and he, Mr. Tabrett, was responsible for the remainder. Federation. This was the greatest question of the day, ami 110 mnn now said lie was not a federalist— except, "perhaps, Mr. Want, and even he had turned over. He (Mr. Tabrett) hoped I10 would get a fair and unbiassed report. ("You will.")- 'Federation lie described as unity of those descended from one common stock and brotherhood. (Hear, hear.) He believed all were federalists one -way or another. Thcquestion now was, Under which King, Barton or Reid 1 The amendments to the bill put forward by both were practically the same. But Mr. Reid said they would go to the other colonies with a point- blank yes or 110, and if they didn't get what they wanted they wouldn'thave federation. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Barton said they would go. to the other colonics in a conciliatory mannex-, but if they could "get. nothing they would come back to'the people and" ask' them whether they would have the bill. (Hc'aiy hear.) Well then, under which King ? (" Barton.") Who was the father of this great question ? . Was it not that eminent statesman, Sir. Henry Parkes I (Hear, hear.) Associated with' him were Messrs. Barton and Wise. Sir Henry's mantle fell upon Mr. Bnrton, figuratively speaking. .At that time we were in the throes of a gcueral election,- and there was great labor agitation and trouble. After that came the financial crisis. Was there nny chance for Mr. Bnrton to bring the question 011 then / ("No.") He hadn't the ghost of a" show." ("Ho never will.") When the labor trouble was over, Mr. Reid, like a clever politician, took up the cudgels to checkmate Mr. Bnrton. The result was a conference of Premiers and eventually a bill was prepared for Parliament giving the people the right to elect ten men to repre sent them in the Convention. At the Convention election Mr. Barton was elected by 100,000 votes, and Mr. Reid was about fifth. (Hear, hear.) The speaker was corrected 011 this point. When they wont to the conference in Melbourne, the united representatives elected Mr. Barton as their leader, and the Convention produced the Commonwealth Bill. Our Parliament raised the statutory number to 80,000, and then we had the number of noes against the bill 08,000 and for the bill 72,000. (Laughter.) The. minority, Mr. Barton held, was .too large to justify him going 011 with it, so he now! pro posed to make certain amendments. ' Concerning Mr. Reid. Now what did Mr. Reid do ? He communicated with the other Premiers, with the result that he was flouted, because they looked upon him as a traitor to the cause. Bid .tlicy consider Mr. Reid was to bo trusted or Mr. Barton. .(' lteid, Reid.") Well; he'd give them Mr. Reid. They'd have to import him here, or he, Mr. Tabrett, would beat Mr. Cook. (Loud laughter.) The speaker went 011 to deal with Mr. Reid's action over the bill. The explanation was £2000 a year, and a little bit of jealousy attached to it. (Hear, hear, anil laughter.) He would show them the yes-no business. The speaker quoted from Mr. Reid to show that lie was now in favor of hand ing over the railways and public debts. Yet (vide Herald report, March 2!>) he declared that he had steidily resisted handing over the railways and debts. The speaker gave further illustrations of the "yes- no" attitude, to the accompaniment of much laughter. On the Canadian Constitution lie said 011 cine occa sion that it had worked more smoothly than any other ' iii the world. On another lie said- he would never be a party to a constitution 011 the same; ba'sls'i as' the Canadian. He (Mr. Tabrett) could track a snail's track along the street, but he was blowcd if lie could follow George Houston Reid. (Laughter.) The other 'day Mr. Reid challenged the opposite party to send their best man to light him ill the King Division. (Interruption.) Then ho said ho meant the challenge for Mr. Slatlcry. (Daughter.) Mr. Reiik like-thc .-Eolian harp, wont whatever way the wind blew. About Mr. Want. Associated with liirn was another very eminent mail, John Henry Want. Dike himself, Mr, Want had plenty of cheek. (Laughter.) Amidst great laughter the speaker, in reply to an interjection, promised to make it d — — d hot for Mr. Cook before lie was done. Resuming, lie asked would any man tell him that he placed reliance on- Mr. Want, the great proviucialist. (" Under Barton.") Under anybody. Why, he called the other colonics thieves and robbers, 'and alluded to one as " the holy city." The speaker gave his idea of the conversation in the Cabinet when Mr. Want joined the Ministry. (This was received 'witli; great nierfiiiieiiti)', ,It had .always been a one-horse Ministry." am! they kiiew'Ttr ( Dissent.) Want recommended a candidate the other day because he had plenty of check. He, Mr. Tabrett, thought they wanted a man of brains, with-, honor and patriotism. He compared the Govern-" niont to Micawbor, always paying their debts" by promissory notes. That was exactly Reid's style. Mit. Barton. " v Mr. Barton was not born with 11 silver spoon in his mouth, but he got into the University and graduated witli honors. He was ejected to Parliament, and showed such ability that/ he was soon appointed as speaker. ("What- has that 'to do with federation.") He wanted to show that he w.os a reliable man and a man of ability. (Interruption, and Mr. A. Everitt rose to ask for fair piny.) One was sincere, and the other was determined to mislead such as them. If Mr. Reid got into power they wouldn't get federation for many a day, but they would get it quickly if Mr. Barton was elected. (Hear, hear, and dissent.) He would drop the federation question because he saw that tliey didn't understand it. (Daughter.) His Disc at, Opinions. For a good many years he was a freetrader, but he found it was a mistake. Those who brought goods into this country should pay their fair share to the cost of government. Also,he had a rising family and -wanted to find them something to do. ("Nonsense."), Three or four years ago Lithgow was in a very deplorable condition through want of employment. Eighteen months after, the Great Cobar Co. brought their plant down to the coal. Now what a transformation took place. ('Protec- tion had nothing to.do with that.") The houses filled up, a couple of hundred men were employed. ("No") ami shops began to go up. (" That wasn't protec- tion.") It would do for his argument. If one industry could do Mint, what would twenty industries do, employing thousands. (Hear, hear,) The only way to do it was by putting on a duty equal to the difference in wages. However, lie was prepared to sink the fiscal issue until federation was settled. Mr. Cook's Turn. Now they wanted "Joe Cook,". He had a perfect right to criticise his opponent if" he didn't hit liiiu below the licit. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Joseph Cook was very good when lie came to the country, because he was a protectionist. (" No, he wasn't.'') l ie would prove it for them. At the lime of the strike Joseph Cook was sent, to Sydney as a miners' delegate' to try and bring about n settlement so that they could supply the railways witli coal. He had it 011 the '.word of Mr. John Bennett that J.Cook coilld have prevented that strike if lie liked. Joseph Cook was luckier than llid man who drew the winner in Tnttcrsall's sweep. The speaker went on to refer to the election of IS'.ll, when Mr. Cook was' selected and got into Parliament. (Interruption.) -In conse quence ol' keeping his mouth shut lie wns elected leader of the labor parly; (Dissent.) After being re-elected lie accepted the position of i'.JI.G. at £ 17)00. That was his price. (Interruption and "What was yours ?'') They knew it j didn't the solidarity parly send a man up against him ? ("You're not lit to wipo his boots I") '.He would show them. The speaker next read the protectionist letter written by Mr. Cook to the Star, about eleven years ago, a document which has already been fre quently quoted oil (oeal . platforms. Resuming, lie said these were exaotly his own opinions. If Mr. Cook wns then sincere, why did he help the Reid Government to sweep uwny the tariff, ipid shut up the lodal mills, bj> wliiijiuwu lost their billets ami hud to go scrub-cutting at 3s (id a day ? But he gave him credit for changing his opinion, when I10 became a plutocrat and sold the labor party for 1 500 sove reigns. .About Himself.-. Was there any man in the room who had worked for Tabrett and Draper, at Newtown;- (A voice : I did.) The spe-iker next told an interrupter that he .was intoxicated- with the exuberance of his own verbosity. (Great laughter.) He was the fast friend the working classes ever had in the colony. He landed in the colony, a carpenter without a pound. After a time, lie started business at Newtown, and eventually acquired a very large contracting busi ness, thc.turriover'of which was £130,000 in the last year. T'iie rriig I10 wore- was presented to him by a„ . body of -workmen, and lie prized it as a memento of tl.ic kindly feeling which had always existed between him nnd them. At the time of the maritime strike he was in Sydney and working for conciliation. The workmen had once, carried him down Pitt-street on their shoulders, with bands in front. He was the first to give his men the eight hours, and to advocate their cause 'on the platform. (Applause.) Unfortu nately, ho got into difficulties, and his firm got wipe- 1 out. When the crisis came, the workmen offered to work for Him for a solid month— the whole lot— to give hini a start again. (Applause.) When the bootmakers had a strike, he was the man who stuck to them and helped to establish their co-operative factory. (Applause.) Det them compare that re cord with Joseph Cook's. (Hear, hear.) Now who had the laugh ? I-Ie had stuck to the working classes for all time, and if they returned him he would never deceive them. More -About Mr. Cook. The speaker asserted that the P.M.G. had got billets for men in every part of the district'. (Inter ruption.) At Katoomba lie got two men a billet at Jcnolan Caves. He got the electoral registrar at Katoomba to go out to Gingkin and .Shooter's Hill to enrol voters — ride Printing X nice. He had 110 objec tion to .that, but'objeetcd to the principle, and asked i f Muy. Kivriilfir case could lie shown. The -mainten ance inen, .in" the 'district got notice a month ago. Bui, "through "the good' influence of the member. for the district," tliey were reinstated a week before the election;' Mivi'rbtt was sent to Wolioiigoiig, and his place was taken by a Minister's brother-in- law. Mr. i'rotb had a reduction in his wages. ( Mr. J. Daly. J. P. : No; he didn't. Applause.) About £2300 was spent oil the Mount Victoria post-office. Would Mr. Cook deny that Mr. George Donald — a very good 111:111 — got a billet. ("Give 11s your policy.")- Did Mr. Cook serve his enemies with the same treatment .' Was it fair to the whole people of the electorate .' (" You want £300 a year bad enough.") Me. Mr. Tabrett, was going to the poll. He had been round the electorate, and the whole of the district was with him. (bond, laughter.) If defeated, he'd conic again, and, at any rate, he'd give Mr. Cook a lesson Hint would do him good. Det them record their votes for the man who'd bring about federation speedily and work in the best interests of the workmen — himself. (Applause.) I11 reply to Mr. Smnilcs, lie said lie would support a resolution to reduce the number of members by one half. He didn't know about reducing the salary by one half. (Loud daughter.) He would support the giving of assistance to any industry, but didn't know about' liquor.- If asked whether, lie was in favor of local option, he'd say "yes"; if in favor of compen sation, lio'iksAy yes " iilso"; if in favor of the wine industry or any other industry being estab lished, he'd say "yes" again — and would leave it to tlie people, to say whether they'd drink it or not. (Roars of laughter.) The chairman corrected some statements by Mr. Tabrett as to the uselessness of strikes. The Lalmr Annual showed that in 'DO, 20 per cent, of strikes were lost and 55 pel' cent. won. Mr. Cook had been accused of fomenting strikes. Ho could honestly say that Mr. Cook hover did anything in his life to foment a- strike, unless there was great need for it — and lie had known him since lie came into the dis trict. (Doud applause.) Mr. Tabrett was glad to hear that he was a better man than lie thought. He favored the removal of BradiloiTsJjibt— this in reply to a question. A vote of thanks to the speaker was accorded 011 the motion.: of. Mr. Tcssimond, seconded by Mr. Thomas; and' acknowledged, by the speaker. The usual vote to the chairman, closed the proceedings. 