ILIAN TREMAYNE'S SECRET. BY BexRTA M. CLAY (Authoress of " An Ideal Love," &c.;) CIHAPTER TIIVII. mf a·.,a,, WI TII SILVER. About two weeok Inter Prlt,. ,,,,,,,,". a letter from Dr. Hunt that very much, surprised her-a letter that mado her heart beat with joyous hope. Tne doctor wrote : "DEAR MISS TREMAYNE, --The friend to whom I submitted your father's musical work, and whoso sympathies were enlistei by my recital of Mr Tre mayne's affliction-this friend writes to me that the opera is the production of a man of genius, and only wants a pains taking revision I pressed him to give it attention for your sake, mentioning you only by your professional name of _Mrs Temple. Be now wishes to see you as early as possible, to consult with you re garding the matter. I have refrained from mentioning the name of Tremayne, either in connection with yourself or your father, as my patients all go by num bers, so that no one knows anything con cerning them from my establishment. My musical friend is named Allbright Dr Allbright, the Willows, Cranleigh Fields, Hertfordshire. In the first place, write to him, asking for an appointment. I feel certain that good will come of this. "Yours very faithfully, ' AnLFRID EIUNiT." Marian read this letter over and over again. Oh, if it were only true I Per haps the opera would yet realise a hand some sum-sufficient to hilp them in their hour of need, until Mr Tremayne was well and strong again I She wrote to Dr aunt, and every line in her letter breathed the gratitude that sbo felt. By the same post she com municated wtha his clever friend, Dr All bright. She expressed her pleasure that he should think her poor father's work contamined merit, and stated that she would be pleased to visit him, with a view to business, any day excepting Tuesdays and Fridays. On these days she had her classes to attend. The reply from Dr Allbright was prompt, and to this effect : "MnSs M. TE?rPL.--Madamo t I am glad to be able to say that your father's composition is of most unusual merit. As it stauds, however, it is useless; and if I have your permission to rearrange, and make what alterations I deem neces sary, I may be induced to produce it on mutual terms, or sell it outright for you. Kindly pay me a visit, if convenient, next Wednesday. Be careful to state by what train you will travel, so that my carriage may be at the station to meet you. "Sincerely yours, " PETER ALLBRIGHT." Marian was now in a perfect fever of delight. The opera was of unusual merit -Dr Allbright- one of the greatest authorities of the age declared so. Surely Heaven was answering her prayer for help! On the following Wednesday morn ing she was up early, and looking more hopeful and bright than she had for many weary months. "The clouds are breaking at last," she said to Maggie. "And I hope to bring back with me much happy, happy news. Take great care of baby, for L shall not be home until very late. Cranleigh fields is only thirty miles from here, but I have to change trains three times, and then I have a long drive across ceutntry." She kis?ea?d the baby good-bLye; tle> was growing to love the de.r little child for its own sake as well as its mother'S. It was nearly eleven o'c.uck when she reached the little station at Granleigh Fields, and found a smart-looking horse and chaise waiting for her. "Mrs Temple '" queried the coach man, touching his hat. " Yes," replied iMarian. "I am Dr Alibright's man. I have come to meet you, ma'am." SQuite right." She stepped into the chaise, and having seen that she was comfortably seated, the coachman touched his hat again, and off went the horse like a rocket. Marian never forgot that beautiful drive. It was a clear, bright morning in early October; the air was cold but bracing, and the way was through some of the loveliest country in England. The trees were bearing the richest tints that Autumn ever paints; the ever-varying shades, from russet-breown to blood-red crimson, quivering in the wind with a mournful kind of music, while some of the giant trees, through which the golden sun was shining, seemied crowned with a fiery glory. After a long drive, the horse slackened speed at the foot of a steep illh, and when they reached the top, she saw, the village a mile away, nestling in a verdant valley as though asleep. The only sign of lifo was the blue haze that hung above formed by the curling smoke from the chimneys of the cottagers. If she was charmed with the primitive looking villago-with the lovely country -she was doubly chia.noa witth the homo of Dr Alibright- its perfect gardens-its miniature terraces-its ivy-grIown walls. The carriage stopFed et a side door, and a servant-woman came to assist Marian. " The doctor is out for a little while," she said; " but Miss Allbright, his sister, is expecting you, Alrs femple. Come this way please." Marian followed, and soon found her self in the presence ot a stately little woman, with a smooth, clear skin, and snow-white hair. She greeted the girl pleasantly, and without any formality. Her brother had been called away, but would be back inan hour. In the mean time, Mrs Temple would doubtless like refreshments after her journey ? "Yes, thank you," Marian replied, brightly. bMiss Allbright conducted her guest to an antechamber, where she could take off her outer wraps, and bathe her hands and faca; then they went down to the dining-room together, and were soon the best of friends. T'Ihe doctor was back at the tirte stated, and was agreeably surprised when he saw Marian. He thought that he had never before seen so beautiful a girl-such i perfectly splendid specimen of buddinl woman hood. He was rather astonished to find her so youthful, and married. He wondered vaguely who and what her husband was, or had been, for he under stood that he was dead. "I am afraid," he said, " thait we shall not get through very much business to day. Are you prepared to stay here until to-morrow, Mrs Temple I" "No, I had not expected that," replied r Then we must go to work at once; I really haven't a great deal to cay to you yet; but what I have to settle forthwith is of the utmost imxportance. I desire you to follow me through a part of your father's opera; I hear that you are a talented musician: therefore, I shall know that I am not wasting time. After I have pointed out to you oweaknesses, redundancies, and matter that is quite irrelevant, I shall require your consent to totally obliterate these useless passages and leave the opera in my hands entirely. u If you are agreeable to this, I promise to p have it on the boards after Christmas, s under the supervision of one of the most a astute managers in London. If it has ac successful run-and I say that it shall t have a successful run--you may get some i thousands of pounds out of it, and still retain all rights. Understand, please, 1 that I have no monetary interest in the matter. 1 do not require any. I am E doing this primarily in the interests of art -it is my hobby-my delight." Sair "? t entirely in your hands, with gratitudo. ?", if5, c;.. ,bounding you predict, will it be long beforo I gotn little money T' He looked at her keenly. " My dear lady," he smiled, " if you want money, my astute manager will advanco you a hundred pounds immedi ately. He is too clever a man to let this work drift out of hands. I will communi caet with him by this day's post." "Oh, you are too good." \larian mur mured, tears standing in her eyes. A hundred pounds seemed a small fortune to her, and she little dreamed that Dr Allbright had decided to help her out of his own pocket for the present. HIo conducted her to the eastern cham ber, and begged of her to be seated while he played through some portions of the opera which he had re-arranged. Marian listened, and, under the in fluence of the splendor about her, her senses were ravished. The doctor presently took up a violin, and asked her to play the accompaniment on the piano, a magnificent grand, which could tell of the cannon's mighty roar, or ripple like a summer cascade. "There, 'lihe said, at last, "fully one half of your father's work has been elim inated, as you will observe by the marked t copy before you. It was in part bald and 1pointless, but contains music that has not been equalled. for half a century. a There is a fortune in it, Mrs Temple-a t fortune in it." She heard a step in the doorway, and I- was conscious that a familiar figure was it standing there. The fair hair, the clear e White?o kin. the tall, soldierly form. a Heavens ! there could be but one man in v the wide world who looked like this. a She turned icy cold, and felt that the r blood had left her as colorless as death. "Mrs Temple," broke in the clear, s decisive tones of the doctor. " I will not detain you longer than is necessary; a you have a long journey before you, and s I never allow ladies in my care to travel after dark-particularly young ones." "The man in the door-way muttered: "Pardon mo I" and disappeared, while Marian gazed after him almost stupefied. ' "Tell me, Dr Allbright," she whis pered. Who is that gentleman ? I have seen someone like himi before-a very t dear friend.' The doctor glanced at her quickly. He had not observed Athol until now. elo had been attracted by the music, and had momentarily forgotten the ex pected visitor. " That can be no friend of yours, Mrs t Temple," he said, evasively. "At least tI think not. It is a blind patient of mine -a Ir -a-Dudley." "Thank you," the girl replied, sum moning the ghost of a smile to her face ; "pray do not think anything more of my foolishness. but the resemblance gave me an uncomfortable start." " These chance likeness are very com mon," smiled the doctor. " Now if you are ready, Mrs Temple, you can go to the station. You will just catch the t four-thirty if my man is hurried up. To-night, I shall write to my manager, a and you will hear from me by Saturday at latest. During the next two weeks I shell endroeerou, to I,,- tie .l.Ora cc.o Sslape, ansd shall want you to come again to sign one or twro needful docu iments before re put it into the hands of tihe theatrical people " In half an h?li .1iarln was being rapidly driven back to the station--her mind in a perfect whirl. Who could be this \lr Dudley, so mar- + vellously like Athol ? He must be a rela-. tive. Howe dreadful it was for one so young and handsome to be blind I She + had only seen thi lower half of his face, but the likeness to her lost lover was wonderful, and his voice, too I Some way she had felt drawn to him- E his presence had sent an electric thrill through every nerve-every pulse, and l she longed to see him again; she longed to see him because he was so like her own dear love. And when she was gone, the doctor sou,,ht out the young earl. 'You startled my visitor, Athol," he said. " I" am sorry ; I forgot that you had warned me not to show myself. It was your beautiful music, doctor. I could not resist it." " My visitor was playing, too. She has a delicato touch. By thie way, do you know anyone named Temple-a lady I" "Temnple -Temple i No, I doi't think that I do? Was your visitor named Temple ?" " Yes-a young widow, I imagine. A beautiful creature. The loveliest woman I ever saw," said the doctor. "She thought she know you at firsat. and I was, fr.aid tha5t you ihad put your foot in it, but it was a case of mistaklen identity one of those absurd likenesses that oeca sionally cause trouble." CHAPTER XXVIII. THE sEw DUKE OF LEDFORD. The Honorable Frederick Vansitart had become the Duho of Medford. He \- had looked with a longing eye toward the Sducal coronet for some years, but it was I always with a feeling half doubtful, half hopeful. 1 There were two lives in his way, an aged uncle and a consumptive cousin; but t sometimes these aged uncles and con \- sumptivo cousins never die, and the Hen. SFrederick was taken very much by sur priso when he learned that they had de. , parted this life within two hours of each other. The son lirst, and the father two o hours later-the result of shock-of heart if failure. SMr Vansitart was not long in seizing e the reins of management, of absolute e control, of some of the finest properties in Euglaud, and becoming known to the , world as the Duke of Medford, one of the a |richest, most extravagant, and eccentris of British peors. e One month after hIis accession to his y newrer dignitics and greater wealth, he sat \- alone its one of the reception- rooms of his 1 town house, a splendid mansion that had e been in the Medford family for upward of ra century. He did not feel in a particularly plea sant frame of mind ; one or two theatri 1 cal speculations had added npthing to his \- reputation; lato hours, late iijlpor. and other indulgencies. wore boilyiing to tell their iievitaiSlO tale, ansl my lord duke was seriously thinking of turniog over a new leaf. "1 must marry," he thought, "and Sthrough society's gilded portals I can see ain my mind's eye a hundred beautiful Swomen who are ready to kneel at my feet, r but not one among them all can compare a with the girl I both love and hate." He lighted a cigarette, and watched the rsmoke curl lazily upward. " Yes," he murmured, "the sentiment o I have toward IMarian Tremayne is a most a peculiar compound. I feel that I hate her Sfor her haughty indifference-her proud, unbending will; but if I could become a possessed of her, I really believe that I t should worship her-should become her slave. This is a most uncomfortable state I of affairs, by Jove I I must acknowledge a that my last move was a childish one, and I it is still a mystery who came forward so a opportunely upon Miss Tremayne's be half. After getting Dudley out of the s way, I ought to have succeeded, and will succeed yet I" He thought in silence for a while, but t was presently disturbed by the entrance of a servant, bearing a letter. He tore off the envelope, saying briefly sho read the hastily written scrawl it " Admnit him.". One minute and a little ela ,?, h suit of rusty black was shown into his presence, and the servant retired. " Well, Vincent," demanded the duke. "How are things progressing gene rally ?" "I have surprising news for you, my lord. This is the first time I have seen you since your new honors, and permit me to congratulate you." The duke frowned. " A certain amount of familiarity between us is admissible, Vincent," he said; "but I will not attempt to define the limits. Your own good sense should be the best judge." His visitor flushed slightly. "Perhaps you have no further use for me, my lord 7" he suggested. "If so I will retire, though I can ill afford to lose a patron now." "I did not say that-I did not say that. Well, Vincent, what is the nature of this surprising news 7" " In the first place, there is no reason for me to come hero in this absurd dis guise. The Countess of Lytte has dis charged ime." "H'm I flow did that occur 7" "She objected to my prying ways, be cause she surprised me in examining her private escritoire in which she had inad vertently left her keys. I admit that it was not artistic upon my part to permit myself to be surprised, but the fact re mains that I was. She thereupon told me that she had no further use for sneaks, and I have been her sneak for twenty years I m5uch a romanrk positively cut me to the quick. I am a very sensitive man, and I am out of regular .employment. She went so far as to say that the young earl had never liked me, and that when he re turned home she had no doubt he would suit himself. There's gratitude for you." Vincent wiped away an imaginary tear, and continued "But I'll be even with her. She's got a host to contend with when she gets my back up. 1 quite expected that you, also, would have no further use for me, my lord, with all these new and grand responsibilities and honors thurst upon you, so I am going to hunt up Lord Lytte, if he's in the land of the living, and just show him what sort of a woman his mother is." The duke eyed him long and keenly. "Is that all you have to say ?" he de manded. "Yes, my lord, unless you have quite abandoned the business that interested you so much a month or so since." "You mean that you are ready to ac:ept service of me ?" "Willingly, my lord. I can't live on air." "No ? Well, I owe you a trifle already, and I have not abandoned the business you speak of. It is, in point of fact, more interesting to me than ever. You are a shrewd man, Vincent, so I shall not attempt to deceive you. If you find Lytte, and betray his mamma, there will be a reconciliation between the lovers. \--l ! itu. -r vaunt mnke 3larian T'remayno the Duchses of ?Ied ford I have abandoned the folly of revenge-I am infatuated with her more than ever-the chase only adds to my ardor. I must make her my wife, and then you can tell tire earl just what you please. I shall be glad to see her lady ship humbled, for she has given me a few snubs in her time. Now, see here, Vincent, if I' take you exclusively into my employ, in what capacity shall it be 1" "As valet. It will afford better op portunities for quiet talks." " As valet and sneak ?" smiled his lord ship. Vincent made a deprecatory move. ment. "I dislike the word sneak, my lord," he cried. "I will act as your secretary if you like- anything." "And not pry into your master's affairs, eh ?" Mr Vincent's face assumed an injured expression. " Well." the duke continued, "your duties commence at once, and you need not come here again in that guise. I shall expect you to-morrow morning. Have you kept an eye upon Woodbine Cottage of late, in the interest of the countess ?" "Yes. my lord, and in your interest," chuckled Vincent. "The cottage is empty, and the bird flown. The younger sister is dead-gave birth to a child, I understand-and Miss Marian has gone away-taken the child with hor-and ana ,nd the namo of Mrs Temple.'" "By Jove l" exclaimed the duke. " Whore has she gone to " Where is she living, and how " "Giving lessons in music at Brox. bourne. 1 was down therelast week,and she saw me, too. I was just in the mood to tell her everything, only she jumped up with a scream at eight of me. People round there think that she is a widow, and that the baby is her own." " By Jove !" again exclaimed the duke. "I cannot help admiring her more and more. What spirit and pluck she has, to be sure. Vincent, I am much obliged to you. You are sure that there's no news Sof Lord Lytte-that he has not written \- to the countess ?" "Not a word. She's repenting at last -she is a broken down woman." "Then we must make hay while the Ssun shines. There must be no reconcilia Stion. In some way I must pose before Miss Tremayne as a modern knight errant. I must obliterate the evil Simpression that I have made. I will 3devote my lifo and soul to win that woman I will resort to any means, and a fortune shall be spent, if needful. 3 Now, Vincent, we must sum up the exact I position, and devise some pretty and poetical scheme. I have the entire field to myself, and if I dont' win I deserve to t be horsewhipped." 5 "And if the poetry, etc., doesn't I answer, my lord I" inquired Vincent. "I'll try itl I'll succeed, Vincent ! If my advances are checked as they wore before, by Jove I I'll abduct her--I'll- I'll carry away my future duchessn by force, as amorous knights did in the old days i" He laughed lazily, but there was a fiery determination in his eye. He had tried to hate Marian, and failed. He was now half crazed with love for her. CHAPTER XXIX. THE DUKE IN A NEW CHARACTEE. Dr Allbright kept his word. On the Saturday morning following Marian's visit to Cranleigh Fields she received an open cheque for one hundred pounds drawn in her favour on a London bank. It was signed by the doctor himself, but he explained that it was the safest way of sending the money his'manager had paid in advance. o " Oh, how good he is," murmured the d happy girl. " I can now pay Dr Hunt, t and buy baby some new clothes. The n poor little thing has been neglected v shamefully." Then she and Maggie had a long con sultation as to the necessary purchases, and in the afternoon Marian went to London to cash her cheque, and spend a small portion of t'lo money. She had to go to the Bond-street branch I of the City Bank, and rode thence from Bishopsgate iB an omnibus. She entered the bank, her heart flutter ing wildly, all kinds of fears rising lest I the cashier might ask some awkward i 1y.'"1+- bhefore giving her the money. l the rdiusap Pon Ye. for some reason, the disappointmont would bu twrrenlu, for she was almost penniless, and only a w?ecl previously had been obliged to send Maggie to the pawnbroker's with some valuables. There was a number of well-dressed gentlemen at the counter, for she had arrived a little after three o'clock, when the cashiers were very busy receiving and paying away huge piles of gold, and bundles of crackling notes. They made" way for the pale faced girl, and when she stood before the cashier, and handed in her cheque, he glanced at her sharply. " Endorse it on the back," he said, " if I you are Mrs Temple ; it is made payable to bearer." A pen was handed to her by some one i at her side, and she wrote the name " Mrs Temple," nervously, her trembling t fingers evidently making the cashier suspicious. r He turned the cheque over two or three a times, saying - " Are you Mrs Temple 1" e " Yes," replied Marian, firmly, and conscious that at least a dozen pairs of n eyes were fixed upon her. a' The cashier gave a dissatisfied grunt, a and stepped into the manager's office. In one minute he was back, and pushing the gi cheque to her, said, sharply- di " We prefer not paying this unless you be can get some one to identify you." " out who can I bring T" she asked, in ti dismay. " One of our customers, or if that is impossible get Mr Allbright to writo'ro ae us saying that you are the proper person te to receive payment." tc With a sinking heart Marian was turn ing away from the counter when a gentle- Ill man near her spoke. " Ah I Mr er-Moss, I know this lady t( very well. Here, I will endorse the lo cheque myself. Pay it, if you please ; there is a good fellow." n There was no mistaking that lazy d drawl, the high-bred musical tones; the speaker was the Duke of Medford, and, - almost before Marian realised what was y taking place, the cheque" was taken out p of her hand, endorsed by the duke, and 11 the money in gold and notes handed to a her in a small canvas-bag, which the cashier respectfully and obligingly sup- t plied. Marian heard the clerk address Mr Vansitart as "your grace," and she glanced up at him quickly to see that she had not been mistaken. No, it was the man she had i known as Mr Vansitart-the Honorable I Frederick Vansitart-and her face burned with a fiery glow under his quizzical stare. He followed her out of the bank, and walked beside her for a few yards along Bond-street before speaking. ' You must pardon my interference, 1 Miss Tremayne," he said, at last, " but 1 I saw that you were in a temporary I I difficulty, and there was only one way out of it. 1 spoke the truth, too, did I not 'Z " I have to thank you. sir, for helping me as you did," she replied scarcely knowing what to say in her present confusion. .:Had he noticed that the chq uoe was made out/to Mrs M. Temple 4 of course he had heard what the cashier had said , he had been standing there all the while "Don't thank me-don't," hle said, sorrowfully. "I have to begyour pardon a thousand times for the wrong I have done you and yours. Hear me, Miss Tremayne - or Mrs Temple-which name shall I use We have both made a change lately I am now the Duke of Medford I Congratulate me, Miss Marian." He spoke laughingly, and Marian felt1 her spirits reviving. This man had sworn to be her bitterest, her most implacable foe. He was not acting like an enemy now. "I have adopted the nameof Temple it is an old servant's name- for business purposes. As Birs Temple I command more respect and confidence among my pupils." She spoke in her old, clear, rich tones. "I am glad to hear of your good for tune, your grace." "Oh, don't," he laughed. "If there are two words I detest more thln others, they are 'your grace' 1 won't let my friends or even intimates use them. prefer 'your lordship,' or 'my L.A' a. thousand ltimes. I gueased that Mlrs Temple was merely a professional name, and am really very glad that it is nothing worse." Nothing worse I What did he meant "I must take an omnibus here," 1 Marian said, as they reached the end of Sthe street. " Ye. Whore are you going to ?'" " Bishopsgate." He hailed an omnibus, saw her care fully inside, and to her astonishment took a seat beside her. But that perhaps Smeant nothing. He might be going the same way himself. Although she suggested this to herself, she did not believe it, and she felt some Swhat annoyed, for she had quite forgotten the purchases she had intended making. Still, his manner was in no way offen sire. For a few minutes they rode in silence, and the duke was thoughtfully engaged in caressing his moustache, a happy, gratified smile playing about his mouth I'the while. "I wantyou to say that you forgive ime, Miss Tremayne," he whispered, at I last. "I have not known a happy mo ment since you dismissed me with such smorn. That wretched sale was none of Smy doing-I swear it. I did not know I that my man of business had taken strin c gent proceedings, and would rather have chopped off my fingers than given you one t hour's sorrow !" " I do not think it is wise to refer to I these things," Marian said, coldly. " ? Sdo o posiblo god. -or good only to know thAt I ,m ogiven," was the almost Ipassionate reply. "Remember that Iam not altogether to blame. I loved you, Misa Tremayne, and was horribly dis appointed when you sent me away, for your papa had made me feel sure of you. He even said that you cared for me.' " It was all a wretched mistake, your grace, and will ever be a dark blot on that unhappy page of my life," Marian replied, steadily and earnestly. "I think that we both said things in the heat of the a moment that we shall ever regret, and I a freely forgive anything that you may a have said or done while your temper had escaped control." The duke was visibly affected, and f there was ' tremor in his voice. "I committed the sin, bMiss Tremayne, of loving you with my whole heart. Pray do not look distressed, for I have no in tention of bothering you now : I would not wound you by word or thought for worlds. I wish to ask you how your father is progressing, and why-why you wear these things - why are you in mourning '1" Marian's lips quivered. "n y sister Lilian is :dead," she said, simply; then turned away to hide the rush of tears that came into her eyes. "I am shocked," murmured the duke, sympathetically, "simply shocked." " Aly father is very well," Marian con. tinued, presently. "And the doctor thinks that he will ultimately recover his reason." " That is happy news-very happy t,eivs! It cuts me to the quick to know ~lat I had something to do with hastening 'eL attack; but believe me, Miss Tre inayne, it would have come, sooner or later. His opera was of no earthly use except in thehandsofanexperiencedman." dThe omnibus stopped, and the eon an tor yelled Bishopsgate." ' I alight here," said Marian. "You will let me see you into the-aw -train I" the duke questioned. " It is not safe, really, for you to travel alone with so much money. One never knows who is watching one's movements, and carelessness in displaying money causes more crime than anything else on earth." e helped her from the omnibus, and I escorted her to the waiting-room. iHe inquired what time the next train left for Broxbourne, and to his delight discovered that they bad half an hour to wait. No train due for about thirtyt minutes," hesaid. "Would you like to sit a little nearer to the fire 1" "No, thank you. I am warm enough." The duke wandered about for a few minutes, pretending to read the pictorial advertisements on the walls, then came and sat near her. "There is one thing I had almost for gotten, bliss Tremayne," he said, almost diffidently, and he took from his pocket book an envelope addressed to herself at Woodbine Cottage. It had passed through the post, and was marked by the officials "gone away." "I sent this to you two weeks ago, but it was returned throughthe dead letter office. It is only a receipt to a ive to your father when he is able to under stand it. The knowledge of any debt might prey upon his mind, and retard his1 recovery, and I ask you in return never to tell him of the arbitrary action of my lawyer. I am heartily ashamed of it." Inside the envelope was a sheet of notepaper bearing the following in the duke's ohanderiting : "HonrAc TIEa?YNE, Esq.-- Dsar Sir, -I have pleasure in returning to you your I 0 U's, amounting to two thousand pounds, and, at the same time, acknow ledge with thanks the receipt of value for same." Three or four I 0 U's were pinned to this. "But you have not received full value," Marian said. "I have received ten times the value in your forgiveness," was the earnest, nay passionate reply. "When I lentyour father the money-nay, gave it to him-I knew that it would never come back to me in kind. Miss Tremayne, I have acted the coward's part, and I despise myself." His emotion nearly overcame him. "If I can help your father -if I can help you-tell me. Do not let us part to meet no more-do not let me lose your friendship." " s am sure that I value yours nbe,'o Marian replied, honestly, and looking at hiur with a now light in her ctear e yes. " Wo may meet again in happier times, my lord, and I am sorry that I Ilave mis judged you." W?Will you permit me to visit your father I' he asked, after a minute's silence. " I will not inflict myself upon you but tell me where your tather is. I am sure that a friend would cheer him." tie looked so atxious at her that Marian was visibly touched. There could be no harm in his calling at Dr Hunt's house.- If her father was not in a fit state to receive visitors, the doctor would tell the duke so. iShe gave him the address he required, and he thanked her with real gladness in tones and expression. He saw her safely seated in the train, shookhands with her, and, when the engine gave its warning whistle, and the great wheels began to revolve, he taok off his hat, and bowea her farewell. Marian could think of little else but the Duke of Medford on her way home. How sincere, how genuine were his regrats; how quiet and gentlemanly, how respectful his demeanor; how kind and. considerate his every action Surely no man had ever been more misjudged than he I She was glad of the meeting now ; in deed, wvhat would she have done other wise She was glad to think that this enemy of her dreams was but a myth that ho was no enemy at all, but an oar neut friend. Yes, it had boon a very plea sant meeting, and she was glad of it very glad. (To be ConUsinued). 