OUR NEWS BUDGET. A branch of the A.N.A. has just been formed at Mildura. Gold valued at £3,000,000 has already been shipped from Australia this year. The Creswick Shire Council is enforcing the provision of the Width of Tires Act. The bush fire relief fund now amounts to about £10,500, and has been closed. A Newfoundland sealer was caught in the ice and the crew of 45 persons perished on an ice-floe. Mr Samuel Lambert, a fortunate Avoca digger, has been left £1800 by an uncle in England. The prevalence of measles in the Trarol gon district has necessitated the closing of four schools. The branches of the A.N.A. in all parts of the colony are approving of the Common wealth Bill. . Mark Twain’s daughter, Miss Clemens, will make her debit as a professional vocalist in London next Jnne. The Bev. J. Hay, of Dookie, has been fined at Benalla for not eradicating thistles on his land. The fines and costs total £16 6s. The Premier of New South Wales, in a speech in Sydney, has pledged the Govern ment to support the Commonwealth Bill. Half of the children attending the Koroit State school are snfferiug from measles, and one of the teachers is also attacked by the disease. The stealing of some cream from a milk can at |t.he Palmerston railway station cost two' women about £15; on Tuesday,-in-fines rind costs. Cables report that the German Govern ment are passing a measure to provide for the increasing of their navy to the extent of £8,100,000. Freezing works, to provide for the treat ment of 1000 pairs of rabbits a day and the storage of a twelve days’ supply, are about to be erected at Port Fairy.' The annual eight-oared boat race for the championship of Victoria was rowed over the Lower Yarra course on Saturday, and was won by the Banks Club. Four cases of fish poisoning were treated at the Melbourne Hospital in the early part of the week. Eating “ fresh ” fish is alleged to be the cause in each instance. Charles Schrceder, a well-known resident of Wahgaratta, was killed at a fire which occurred there, while assisting in removing property from the burning building. Harriet Kenise, of Fitzroy, described as a washerwoman, has been fined £ 10 for neglect ing to provide adequate medical treatment for her son, William, aged 5J years. A little girl named Westendorf was witnessing some burning off work near Nhill when her clothes caught fire, so severely burning her that she died soon afterwards. The “ ghost ” reported in the Avoca district is still going about, but efforts to get a shot at him have proved futile. Latterly he has not approached too close to travel At the Middle Brighton baths, on Satur day, Mrs Caroline Stranger was drowned through being seized with a fit, while in the water, the effect of bathing too soon after eating, At the Bairnsdale Hospital Dr Smith saw a patient named Hall washing a Bible in a bucket of water, and on speaking to him wa3 savagely attacked, Hall proved to be a maniac. An escape of gas at the head office of the West Australian Bank, Perth, caused an ex plosion by which the building was damaged, and a number of the officials more or less injured. A man, 70 years of age, has been sent to gaol as a vagrant by the Elmhurst bench. The poor old fellow has resided at Elmhurst for nearly 30 years, and will now probably end his days in gaol. W. Nullett, of the Macalister Hotel, Maffra, and his wife, were sued by a servant girl for £200 damages for defamation of character. The judge awarded plaintiff £50 damages, with £10 C03ts. ", There is a little mining trouble on in Bendigo at present. Mr Lansell, the well known miningspeculator, being suspicious of extensive gold pilfering, took steps which the miners resent as stigmatizing them. A new method has been adopted in the putting up of barracoota at the Port" Fairy factory. The fish is canned whole, and bears a striking resemblance to kippered herrings, which, however, it surpasses in tasteful At Dennington, near Warrnambool, on Monday, a hawker’s cart was run into by a train at a level crossing. The horse was killed, the vehicle smashed up, and the occupants, J. Dill and J. Burton, severely injured. The Ballarat West Wesleyan Circuit, which is representative of 15 churches, has passed a resolution condemning the action of the Government in deciding to run Sun day trains to the Easter encampment at Ballarat. Joseph Bing Guested, better known as “ The Hermit,” who lived alone in a cave at Blanket Bayfor many years, has died in the Colac Hospital. The deceased must have been 70 years of age. He was born at Santanto, Africa. A farewell social was tendered to Arch bishop Carr on Tuesday evening, His Grace being’about to convey to Pontiff Leo XIII. an addresB expressing the loyalty, devotion and attachment of the people of the arch diocese to the Holy Father. In the vicinity of Fell’s slaughter yards, at Tungamah, Mr D. Caun shot an eagle hawk. The bird, which is a rarity in the district, measured 6 feet 1 inch from tip to tip, and when shot was making ofi with a full grown turkey in its talons. Georgina Lewis was fined 40s, with 40s costs, at the Port Melbourne Court on Mon day for playfully throwing pieces of mortar and empty fish tinsather next door neighbour, an amateur photographer, who was engaged in the yard taking his wife’s portrait. The Bomsey Water Trust has paid about £700 off its loan of £4,700, but owing to a reduction in the municipal valuation has not been able to keep up its payments to the sinking fund of late years. The interest (£211 103) is, however, being paid regularly. Donald Hopkins, miner, at Bairnsdale, is being charged with perjury in swearing that Edward Lipsombc, mining manager, did not pay to him at Bulumwaal £25 to. settle his claim, and that he had not signed' a docu ment purporting to Be a receipt for the money named. . The wild fowl on Lake Pertobe and in the morasses of the Merri Biver are certainly tempting to shootists, but those who give way to the temptation to have a shot are finding the amusement rather costly. A fine of 20s, or seven days’ imprisonment, is a great disillusion. Mrs Charlotte Maskell, aged 21 years, daughter of a well known Tatura farmer, in trying to get cows out of a dam, fell into it herself. A young man named Suther land heard her screams and got the body out of the water. Every effort was used to re store animation, but without avail. Miss Jessie Boy Smith (daughter of Dr Smith, resident-surgeon, Kyneton Hospital), Miss Agnes Thomson (daughter ot the late Mr Andrew. Thomson), and Miss Charlotte Hemming (Mrs Dr Smith's niece), were passengers by the ll.M.S. China, which was wrecked near .the entrance of the Bed Sea last week. Mr Duncan Campbell, J.P., of Pipers’ Creek, who opposed Mr Bawson, M.L.A., at the last election, has left, with his family, for Echuca, where he intends to reside. A movement is on foot in the Kyneton district to tender Mr Campbell a complimentary farewell banquet in recognition of the esteem in which he is held, and of : bis invaluable services for many years as shire councillor. The Government Statist has issued a table showing the population of Melbourne and its suburbs for 1896 and 1897, In the first named year the population was 451,110, and in 1897 it was 458,610, there having been an increase of 7,600. The increase resulted from an excess of birth3 over deaths of 6470, and from an excess. of • immigration over emigration of 2030.; Thepopblation in 1897 was larger that in any "year since 1892. 