MINORITY RULE. (To the Editor of the Irening PennV Post.) Sin,-It in acknowledged by both parties to the strnggle that the greatest farce over witnessed, ever known, or over heard of as being imposed upon a free people was played off upon the electors of New South Wales in the most glaring meanner imaginable on referendum day, June 3rd, 1898. When this colony entered into a covenant.with the other colonies to federate, and agreed to send delegates to a convention to prepare a constitution for the government of Australia, the terms of ac ceptance or ratification of such a constitution should have been a majority of votes cast in its favour when submitted to the people. Parliament, however, by a majority imposed a minimum of 50,000 votes, or a clear majority if a larger number than that stipulated should be oast against it. This was the agreement under which we went into the convention and, like men taking up a contract, expecting the conditions to be honourably adhered to and faithfully carried out. Now, Mr. Editor, by what rule of reasoning, subject to good government, can any honourable man defend the breaking of this contract, agreed to and entered upon by the Legislature of the country -a contract, although the imposition of that 50,000 by the power of a majority, was a breach of the rules of democracy, yet we went into the work under it; the contract was therefore sacred and binding upon the country. To preserve the public faith of the country is the greatest honour of Parliament, and to faithfully discharge the condi tions of a contract engages the highest morals of men. But this contract has been broken after we had entered upon the work, and new and impossible conditions imposed upon the people by the addition of 60 per cent. to the original number stipulated, although sternly opposed by a large number of members in the i-ouse. This, sir, is looked upon by a majority of the electors as a sacrifice of public faith and morals. As evidenced by the vote of June 3rd, federation is accepted by the people, actually accepted, by a vote of 71,412 in its favour, with only 65,945 against it -a clear majority of 545--yet the opponents of the bill say this minority must rule. Looking at the broad principles of popular government - I say popular government, but majority rule is popular government, or govern ment by the people-and when this principle is strangled or trampled under foot, as was the case on June 3rd, what respect do we pay to the voice of the people ? The voice of the majority is the voice of the people, and the Government that can calmly witness this injustice without speedily supplying a proper remedy is not the Government of the people. It will be the duty of the electors to inquire into this anomaly-if the majority are to be ruled by a minority in this enlightened age. It will be worse than Egyptian bondage, and a Moses must be found to deliver Isral from the hands of Pharaoh. When we consider the many cases brought to light by the late election inconsistent with ctable government, it is only reasonable to expect vast changes in the immediate future. The executive government, with the exception of one or two of their members, are opposed to the Commonwealth Bill; but the people they govern are supporters of it by large majorities. All the leaders of the three political parties in Parliament oppose the bill, but the people they lead support it by large majorities. A majority of members representing this colony ine Parliament voted against the bill, but the people they represent have voted in its favour. The real leaders of the people, with two or three exceptions, are men outside Parliament, viz , Messrs. Barton, R. E. O'Connor, Wise, Carruthers, B. Smith, Walker, &o.;, &c.; This forms an interesting picture of popular government and an object lesson for the people. The Commonwealth Bill as a whole must ulti mately be the constitution for Australia, because of the large majorities cast in its favour in all the colonies. Another strong and interesting argument -as bearing upon Goulburu more especially-is the conversion of a number of our citizens on the eve of the election. The reasonable and intelligent ex planation of the workingsof the bill given by Mr. Barton and Dr. Bevan, especially the former, chased away the ghosts and bogeys that had locally been set up to frighten the fearful and opened the way for a reasonable belief. The whole of those converts were among the intelligent class, who think for themselves and who gave their votes for united Australia under the Commonwealth Bill. Yours, &e; , T. HUXTABLE. Goulburn, 9/8/'98 