ADELINES- PARLOUR. ' 0 c^r'i AM Adeliua's hus '$, band. I want to ? tell you about her. 1 am talkiug to ; you meD, and this : is to be a secret ? among us, for if X . the ladies should ?p find us out it ^/ would get the laugh tin me, you know, and I don't want to be laughed at, espec ially by a woman. A little less than a year ago.as I was leisurely riding home after banking hours, a friend. said, ' See here, Carl, old boy, you are nearly if not quite 25 years of age— yoa must get married.' My bair rose on end at the bare assertion, for I was very much afraid of the fair sex. ' Carl, why dou't you get married ?'' This was frDm another friend, a lady. But I only shivered, and drove away from her. ' Wilton, old fel, get married, aud have your shirt buttons sewed on ' Was it a conspiracy ? Every second man said ' get mnrried,' and every third woman looked. But as I could not call to mind a single maiden who had designs ou my liberty I said ' ge lang '' to the hotse, and yet I must pnnfnM r.liat thnnffh I had bad a few inclin ations toward matrimony, I had never before been so emphatically impressed with the idea as now, and before 1 had driven another half mile I made up my mind to go and see my old pal, Fred Wells, who had been married five happy years, and lay the case privately before hun, which I did. ' Yes,' he said, glowing like a baby, ' in all your gettings get a wife, and you will be the happiest mortal this side the Arctic regions; and I'll tell you precisely bow to do it. Put on your courage and go down to the town clerk, trot out your dollars and buy a marriage license — ' ' But I have no girl !' ? ' Girl, girl ! Nonsense ! Don't you know some likely young lady ? Well, I thought you did. Now take my advice. Turn your horse's head around ; purchase the requiied ?license ; thurst it into your inner pecket. aud without stopping to look in the glass (for if you do it will scare you out of your notion) drive directly to Adelina's. How did I know ? Confound it, marriei men can see a thing or two. You lova Adelina Horton— dou't deny it — but yon are afraid to tell bur to. As boy and girl tagt ther you used to slide down hill on 'the same sled, and if you didn't look love, and if all didn't no as merry as a marriage bell my name isu'L Fred Wells. But she's ari«tocratic,you're aristocratic, and so you are courting at arm's length, going according to decorum, to etiquette, and not- to love. Now try my plau, and if you do not come out winner then I don't know humau nature. Why, Carl, if the women Lad the right of suffrage, of franchise, iu other. wordp. b.Bd the right to propose, tbere wouldn't be an old hne.hnlnr on the face of the earth !' I laughed and drove away, little dreaminK what was to happen not only in the next few hours but in the utxt few.yea.rs as well. But hit or miss I resolved to take Fred's advici-, and if I were rejected go and hang mystlf. The young clerk smiled as I paid him for the marriage license. I gritted my teoth and muttered, ' Never say die '.' But I confess 1 did not apply tbe whip very vigorously iir I turned my noble beast in ttie direction of Mr. Horton's house^ aod I actuall.y believe I should have been more than pleased if tbe Bteed had gone in another directioD, even though ha hid run away. I kept on, however, until the abode of John Hortou loomed grimly and forebodingly on my vision. It was at this juncture that my heait beat a loud tattoo agaiust the walls of my breast, aud unconsciously my hands were drawing iu on the lines when a cheery voice said. ' Carl Wilton !' and holdiup up I beheld old Mr. Horton hurry ing towards me. «' Hullo, Wilton, where you bound ?' I gurgled and spluttered, but manager] to soy that I was out for a little recreative drive, aud. as I was tending in the direction of bis house wouldn't he tide with me ? Yes, he would. . I let the horse walk, for hare was a new dilemma. '* How's baukii.g these days ?' ' Fair to middling.' ' You dor.'t come to see us. When you and Adelina bundled off to scl ool together I used to sue more or you. strange now young people drift apart, how they forget the old asso ciations, the old familiar luces. Why, do you know it. Wilton, my wife was my schoolmate ? Better to marry some one you have known all through childhood. Bub here we are. Thank you for the ride, Mr. Wilton, aad I shall be only loo glad to have you slop to tr a with us. We eat off of fad china. I ttll you, Call, this is one of the ages ot the wo: Id. We are clear up to our necks in fads'and teehuiualitii-s. Come, the coachman will groom your horse.' And I went. ? . - - The old gentleman was putting the finishing touches to everything, and somehow he mau aged to lea ve me alone with Adtlina in the red pailour. Alter reminiscences of schooldays I managed to, let my license paper fall I o tbe floor. ' I will pick it up for you,' said Adelina ; and she did. She seemed to knew the document, . Her eyes. opened wider. Sho said : ' A marriage license ?' » Yes.' ?' Indeed ! And who is the lady ?' ' You ?' , It said itself. I claim to-day that I was not responsible. .. ir, I made 00 reply. She^ looked at me steadily for a full minute. ' Well, Carl, I have laved you ever since we used to go sledding together ; and hero is my hand.' I iook it as one in a dream, much the same as I would have taken a pump-handle ; but there is no denyina that I was the happiest baiter in all Christendom. And 1 am hoppy now. But. ? I have been married something like a decade — and — Well, 1 want to tell yeu about Adelina. Adelina ineuns of nobla birth and a princess born; and I say pi ivatily to you married men (fur married men can keep secrtits) that my Adfcliaa was a spoiled child. She had neither sisttr nor brother, anil so her parents com menced spoiling her early iu life, »ud as Bear as I can ltatn^hey made an unqualified success of it. Howi ver, I'ditlu'i know siie was (-polled until I married her. But mum's the word. You Lave beeu tbere — -:h ? The trouble was BOmethiug like Ibis :— Ade- lina was brought up in a spotless way. She was brought up m the outskirts ef a Bpotle3s par lour. NulicB the italics; they are uut fer emphasis, but as little i- miuiiers of ihiDgs that preceded »tid rulloweu 111 my casts. 1™ »' AdtliDa, noble born p.nd a pnuei t-s bora, was once or ttuce in a year sei-niu (lie grrat elegant parlour, a fly never was,at least never but, once, aud the parlourmaid iO't her situation. as the result- Thtrtafu-r tbe flien, to a, man of them, understood that lh^ parlour was fui bidden ground, and tl.e paildurmaids were bin d cou diiionully. .?:?--? 'When a fly walks into. ruy parlour, Mrs. Sigouruey to the contrary: liotwillisl^iufing, tbe parlour maid will receive her discharge papers instanter.' Wlieu Adelina married me, and we. moved into cur new and elegant huus--, tlte first thing she did was to chase out a fly, and theie was a norl of unwritten law that he or she who lets a fly cross my threshold ahull, be. ' xcontmuiinited and ostri cised at once, . . Now if I xenjoyed anything it vr«s a good smokr iu a good place, wilh all the conditions aud fct ceteras of lounging .ebiiu's; et.sy sofas, oil paintings, Turkish rugs made :in England, ffith my slippered fet-t at an upgle of 45 leys, ou tbe maut' 1 or tbe what-iidt. And s(i, when tbt . thing was completv, and iny'drarest AdelitiD looked am™ and : aid arrmtii. I omdfyv'up my mind that I would dedicate this .Ti no} spntai; pulace oi art by bavins h pood smoke ia the parlour. But before liViijig-tbisl held a silent aud secifct consultation' KTstti -the iiean-at fly ; 1 assuini d, the peisoiiaiity of tie spuier, ana' said: ?' ' Cuine into my parhmr,' miiti thi: spHer to the tty, ' and I'll show you t!,a j iiUitst jwrlour tbiit evtr -(..» tiU spy/'— and thi fl- uame. J(irti5--l- m ! I 11 oughtAd-lipii ';.-uld t)»ve a fit..' And wben th»t unliaiipy fly, miinci i-t as a nt.w-ljom babe, Suiilij succumbed tt- her nuT sUugutB 1 i nd to run for t^e s»:c!l lift sails. 1 chaiod b'er 1. nj{ aud clas- c e amis. I * »yiu patliiHio. But, quoting SLakt'spi -rp. conscience riiukes cjmirds ot us all. 1 let t h -? t martyied tfr.\ beui 'ill the ijliine ; urd — I aidn't xinoka it* thep:iljuf- I (Tidu't even tiy this kilohtn, foi tuif, to'1, *v* like tLe modern stable, ?-poi- lapsly cli i-i. -\\-- for the w-oJ-*heiJ, it w.ik jlto (telher mi' of tV.i- question. There's wbire 1 would go in Li.mmit suicide, but ubTcr to I am not a Has, snfi I BeVer told Bny baldo f hear! to go up, and I Jle^r 8aid to a *umrll you're another ; but it's tin, guSpBl truth— - modern gospel— that the summer flv knew my wife by heait, and the fall fiv, aDd'T.nnyr,on'a blue fly, that buzzed in tbe window pune, and 1 believe tbe tradition came down from fly' to fly, Keneratiou after generation, that my wife was a flv murderess ; and it may be un optical delu sioD, but I have seen processions of flies fil' pusc our house on tbeir way to some surer Mtccs. The fly question was settled. ' , God has called man a responsible bainj; ; bati Adelina hasn't. The servant met me at the door with my slippers. I expected eveiy day to be confroBttd by a barber with. well-rieveli.pHd tonsorial abilities ; but not yet. Mywie and 1 and the house were as spotless as though we had all just slid out of Eden. I wuutt-.a to sit ?tp and enjoy the fact tbat nltauliness was Doxt to godliness; but it wasn't.' I was yoing to wards Hsdeo iu seven- league hoots, ibis didn't worry me. 1 bad a conscience somewhere iu my conscii'us being. 1 couid adjust myself to new and varyiDf.; conditions ; but tbe little iono centOarls what ol them ? Must tiiey piny iu the woodshed, pull off their boote when they came into 1 ho kitcben, and chiuig.-j their clothes whMi they came into the parkur ? When ibe first little toothless, shapeless, rr.d faced C rl suailfcd, cr tiiid tu, and jelled at the same time, 1 said 10 myself. '? The Hies and 1 will have a holiday in my lady's parlour.' But vo ; betwi en tbe bab.v's gasp tor existence and its jells, Oliver Xwitt-like for more, my wift 's- .faint, motherly voice would articulate some t.hintT nVlniifr fht- en'tft ip«* flv nnri thfi nurlnnr. Well, the- baby grew — a oatural law. It :ould not. hdp it. aud one 3ay it had a tooth. L'hen 1 didu't nave time to work evnu in the ohed. [ am of a mild disposition, id unbeliever in -rofanity, but I thought of by jingo, I'll be iygeied, aud tbo deuce. 1 saiii nothing, i.ow ;Vf-r. I had conie as at the cry of fire. I was villing to eubmit to the first lootu. tl.'K crtsup, iiiylbiug, until that babv should walk, fur 1 vauted to see it walk iuto th« parlour. Bui when it walked it didn't walk into tfle uailoui. VIis. Wilton was always just a little alitad. a iort of au'vnnce guard. Now 1 bad longed for ;hii same baby, to see if it wouldn't bifcak ilrwn ;ho barriers between me and thepailour. . But jo. She would let young Carl sit. ou my be-st .rousers, on her silk drtss, but I'll wsget rnj neeischaurri tUat baby didu't ki,6w wVliait a j&rleur; except by heamay. ??. ?? '\\. ; ? Well, I gave up the parlour, attended to aaukiug, aud tried to forget that I bad a. spot less wile. ' -. ' : '. ???. 't- '?:?'? '?'?? The years rolled on, and ibree little Wil tou's graced our household, and grew.in beauty side, by side. But the little Wiltons .li-in'l .get an the Wilton carpet, for the first Wilt iiiwai set to watch the second, and the fecund tbe Lhhd. I took great pride in these lov'.lyel.ild reu, little Car), six years old, a perfect idol urn ofhs mother, HnUiu, four \eats, yes.a toddler — how much she retembKd me, With her daik brown t-yes and three-coi uered smile— and tbt patttru girl of girls ; asd cherub Neil, three years, tl-e iinaye of i.is grandpa. . I lovid these innocent creation!) of Uod, and would have dtmn anything for them ; but I haled parlours. Not a chit oi them knew we had a parlour. It was arrayed in its glory ; it was a paradise ; but it waB ouly for weddings and funerals, for WLinen of fashion and men bollow-heaited, but reeking iu wealth. Everything that entered this saciL-d, icy preciact was artificial. I used to think, ' Ir my wife dies — God spare ber! *he ib a noble woman, but M wrong, — I'll build a new bouse, and every room shall be a kitchen 1' And with the irioa firmly in/ plaut'd on my mind I hurried off to my t-.; jk- ik'g business1, just a little put out with the aillj and couventioDal notions of women. Why won't woman be a reasonable creature 'i No, 1 am not talking of men now. Liter. Why will worneu reserve tbe euly sunny, flist-class loom in the house for occasional jsusats, Tritu closed blinds, so that the sun will net fade tbe carpet, and vritb drawn cut tains, so that Mis tress Fly finds ouly an undesirable dungeon, a sort of Monte Cristo sepulchre, and distress about bvery insignificant household triviality ? Really, my wulk to the bauk was peppered with staring interrogation points, livery post I looked at was l.ko another Batquo's ghost, full of unanswerable queries. Every passer-by, trom the tousle-headtd bootblack up to the Croesus with beard of formal cut,and every judge full of modern instances, seemed to look me through and through, but tbev could not answi r m- questions. My malediction ou the closed pir lc/ur. the room oidy for wbddings and funerals. You msftitd men are not to tell your wives about Ibis. I am simply telling you of my beautiful wile, Adelina. I am not cuacletnniu^ her. She was not lo blame She wa« spoiled in bringing up. She would have 3tared agbast had I toldhtrhbe was BOtdoing all iu tbis world for Ned and Hattie and Carl. But she was making graven images of them, little premature men and women. And she was just as wicked to herself She could not sit in the parlour, too nice for a piince, without a constant dread thai something dreadful would happen. Sue could nut look at my Raphael without imagining the bugs had eaten off the cords, and the. picture in its great gilt frame would soon crash down on the thousand guinea piano. My banking-house was at such a distance that I had long ago discaided tbe plan of comiug home to tny noon-day meal ; but oue thiuj; struck my attention more and more every tiay. My wife was saining ' fle.sh ; the colour of the rose bad come into her cheeks, and she wan commencing to lsu(.b like; a school girl, like tbe uuweddedAdelioa »f ajy boyhood's sled aud tbe old coasting place down behind the little red acbool-bouse. I was surprised, as she had beeu a lily-pale bride ; in fact, a sort of house-plaut, to be tsmieily cared for lest she fade and die. We bad quite a park in front of our bouse witli the sealed parlour, and happening to be culled borne at midduy soon after the wild roses began to bloom iu my wife's pale cheeks, 1 was struck by thn singular markings in the park walk. I said as much to Adetina ever dear, according to Goldy, that Irish lad of the flute aDd immortal English. ' What dues it mean? Who has been running a wheblb&rrow; up and down my walks ? ' The children stood in a row like a flight of stairs. I had olten compared them, putting my hand on each head — Ned tall, Hattie taller, and Carl tallest- creating much sport, and in itn aside pleasing my wife. Adelina made no relevant ieply to my question, yet she coloured a littlt-.aud tbe lookshegave the young Wiltons was the- one she1 improvised in her pursuit of the las-t puriour fly. 1 was not a jealous husband, but what I read on ! be four faces of my family stuck in my crop, as they say, and, like that Shakssperian (4 host, it wouldn't down. However, I held my peace aud bided my time, But surprises were com ing in quick succession, for only a few days tbeuaftBr, ou returning home from my bauk at au earlier hour than usual, 1 found the living room, kitcheD, aud shed empty, aud was dum foumleri lo hear a perfect roar, a Babel of voices, issuing from — Great heavens ! Could it be ? Ves, the parlour must be the sceue of all this Lubbub, immoderate laughter, and family ciicus ! Sttpt-'iriK to tbe door lightly I carefully pu^td it back, and here is what I saw :— Baby Ned tat on tbt piano, driving my Kaphael willi a pair of silken cords for reins. In the left hand corn ?r, 'as ynu entor the room, Hattie sat on the piano atool with reins and whip, crying, 'Come up, Dobbin,' lo a 25- lollar chair, the one I hod inttnded lor my sun.ker. In ths othi-i 'corner, un tbe right, Carl stood as the captain of tlie proceeding?, a tall paper liat on bi3 heud, and braudijbiug a sword, evidently of harmleSb tin Aud Adeliua, Adeliua ! My lady- bird. Adtlina ! My tender house plant! My cul tured wife, my wife wiio read intelligently Mrs. Browning's sonnets from the Portuguese, who iQorned to smils at tbe caricatures in ths fuiiny picpi-rp, who seldom laughed out loud, just » cultivated little twilter, a sort of oun'iiry-bird affair,, sue, my most cultured and tenilcrest of all human daughters of Kve, sat on tbe buck of my wedding present, a 50 dollar cliair, hir feet on' the seat, and — she had on bloouinrs. It Kits i-p use. I thought of the last fly, on nur greitt, nice, unused parlour, and J cul I»p=ed ami ft 11 dead faint rifcUt iuto tbis felt Siime psrluur, and earth was no more. Was it a shc.ck ? Was 1 dead ?' » Well, Cur), I am 'lad to see you betttr.' Ami a yentle hand stroked my feyerinh fore head. '? What does this meau ? Am I crazy or are you p' _ ' Neither.' ' Afti-r I fainted ? ' ' 1 pickeii you up and carried you to thi? b. --l.' '? Great heaven', you euuldiTt lii't a baby !' ' No, 1 couHn't but can !' J ?' How's, tbat r' / ' VVell, Carl, I saw you weren't quite satis fied wilh me. ^o denial. I rtm/it in your face I knew }Od . rnairied me for a-{uouie 1- didn't nuki It homi- to you. But I l^:d some excuse. 1 »as brought up falsely. To ha.ve health, roaj (.bteks, and a hearty lauyh was leerued out of caste witti-our liue. But I aia .» mother now. i Jcb&v; mareiJiaoI did,&nd; if more aristocratic, ladies, married weti, wonltl bW'1''* motheff, and laugh and romp, and W6 sum* '?? I hair uwn work, thny would feel belter, lupin*1'. H'1 '--* tho wild roses in their cheeks us 1 nnya '-one ' *' Jn.it a word. How b^ve jon. done i( ?' ' 1 knew I T7B8 wearing dut from disuse, tbaft I needed ? eserciee— tLat souietbing mu-t be done. Bo I did it. 1 have legaiuod my li--a_lth through exercise— sweeping carpeto and riding u bic\cle,' \ 1 ' Which made tha tracks in the ylxi ?' 'Yes. I didn't mean to deceive yojQ.bal I felt you would laugh at me.' \ '* Not a bit of it ! And 1 can smoke^u th« ; - parlour ?' \ ' Yes, and dance a jig- on tbe piano ; t'o3vthe , , bicycle has taught me to be a woman, ti't-B,'.* woman, and you bave a truer wife, tbe cSk' dren a truer mother.' ' ^y 'I can tt-ll you more about mucLhifTy lt.'»lk .* - ,. most, men [ am reading nature iu»t- »'i t-i% -,' baoks about nature, and I know » goad w»i- el ^ when 1 see it. 1 want you tt. secure, one to- % morrow, and I will tcarl, jou !« rule it. .I'll % put colour into your cLef-k-., beat you up -»r».l« ' % or down, and you'll wear a. ltiger boot. 1 ? «. ^k Aud wbfc ttie cuililren »re -1 1 - n.iKfjli t :? y '% shall each havr a wLei1, .n 1 n-U rule- ? 1 ny jk trom the doc 1 or«, the iiui«e--t tn.l r,iu-p 11 tl« « narloar ; for thn parleiii is hop' 1 1.0 uooiK |[ for a aeasible woman, ai d her si u^ible Ini b n-l \ asd children. An'l so, ueir (J*il. -ouut»y ' \ thank tbe bicycle, fur tbr ruin in my p) i-f-kn, ? \ the common seiife in my hw.rt, fot tlif dnin^ ' V- avvjy with thousau-'s »f fm.li-ih uulioi.R, xn ?, \ best of all, tor lfttiug ttie -le»r c-uil-'rri be . 1 children as long as uaiitru inlnultd t' em to be; fur tbis is tie wuv I c nu1 Ice ? l-mc.-ln, a franklin, a Brectiir, a Hoirck Grt^elfty !' *' Yts. you hltle evolutionist, yn.i Oaitvii inn acrob.it ! Ai.d Ned will brcome a Wayuix. and C.irl a Toe, and Hs-tJie a P.itti ? '' ' 'Andjou a bicyclist.' Header, the last I kuriv in my lirtsros tl-at *? night the wuolo Wilton family w»5 uoietf around tbr parlour vu vvneels, Aie.iua Bf-t, 1 seconn, (Jail tbiid, Hattie fourth, aud liltln Ned In inyinu up tUe rt-ar. 